*****************************************************************

Title:       The Visitor, Part 1
Story Codes: MF, rom, magic
Author:      Christian Alan
Summary:     A young man's summer vacation is unexpectedly
	     transformed into a weird and wonderful encounter
	     with the supernatural. 	

*****************************************************************


One: A Sudden Arrival


Lying on the cool sheets of his bed, Chaz Michaels stared blankly
up into the darkness and wished that something, ANYTHING would
happen to relieve the boredom of this so-called 'vacation.' Back
home there had at least been things to do and people he could
talk to, but here on his uncle's old farm there wasn't a whole
lot to do besides sit on the porch and watch the paint flake off.

It had sounded way more exciting when he'd first been invited.
His uncle needed a hand fixing up the place, so Chaz agreed to
stay on for the summer and help out. He'd figured that a little
honest work and country air would do him good. Unfortunately Chaz
forgot the fact that his uncle's farm was more than thirty miles
from anywhere. The nearest town was really nothing more than a
gas station and a Dairy Queen.

He'd never been a very social person, but nearly a month of
hardly seeing anyone besides his crotchety old uncle had left
Chaz feeling downright lonely. His uncle was friendly enough, but
he was quiet and often acted a little, well, *strange*.

When Chaz had first arrived at the farmhouse, his uncle led him
inside and up the creaky old steps to the second floor. They'd
walked to the end of the upstairs hallway and stopped in front of
a boarded-up door.

"This will be your room," his uncle told him as he began to pry
off the old boards with a crowbar. Chaz just stared at him in
confusion. It looked like the door hadn't been opened in decades.

"One of the others would be fine," he ventured, looking down the
hall. There were at least two other spare rooms that seemed
perfectly useable.

His uncle shook his head. "This used to be your grandfather's
room when he was your age. Its about time that it was lived in
again." He pulled the last board off then opened the door. The
room inside was choked with cobwebs and dust. It had taken both
of them the better part of a day just to make it livable.

Now, lying in the darkness that still smelled like dust and
furniture polish, Chaz wondered for the hundredth time why his
kooky uncle had really wanted him to stay in this old room.
Sentimental reasons? Maybe, but then why had he kept it boarded
up for years? He couldn't think of a reason. Anyway, it was nice
enough now, even cozy.

He sighed and closed his eyes, trying to clear his mind. This
always happened when he was bored. His thoughts would just run on
by themselves until he had no idea where his current train of
thought had come from. He'd just started to nod off when there
came a sudden crashing noise from outside. Chaz started and sat
up, blinking as he saw a brilliant flash of light through the
curtains, quickly followed by another crackling explosion.

Great, a thunderstorm, he thought. The lightning flashed more
rapidly and soon the air was literally filled with the crashing
of thunder. He got out of bed and went to the window, feeling the
tiny hairs on his arms tingling from the electrified atmosphere.

He watched with a feeling of awe and apprehension as the sky was
split by dozens of arcing streaks of blue-white energy. The
thunder was nearly deafening. He jumped back in surprise as a
heavy sheet of rain suddenly pelted the windowpane, the big drops
smacking heavily into the glass. He watched the storm rage until
the chill air made him retreat back to the warmth of his bed.

Well, at least there was *something* happening, he thought. They
sure didn't have storms like this back home. He pulled the
comforter over himself and closed his eyes, listening to the
constant rolling thunder and the insistent pattering of rain on
the window. It almost sounded like fingers tapping on the glass,
trying to get inside.

After a few minutes under the comforter he began to get too warm
and peeled it off, then settled back on the bed and did his best
to fall asleep. He was slowly drifting off when a loud peal of
thunder rattled the ceiling above him almost as if it had struck
the house. At the same moment something heavy fell squarely on
his midsection, almost knocking the wind out of him. Chaz snapped
back to awareness, too startled to even move. Had the roof fallen
in? The flashes had stopped and he couldn't see a thing. He was
filled with a sudden sense of dread. There was something rounded
and resilient laying across his stomach, and it didn't feel like
part of the roof. Then to his shock, it moved.

Something damp and quivering touched his chest. He screamed like
a little girl and lashed out blindly, his hands encountering
moist flesh. At his touch the thing let out an shriek of its own
that froze his blood, and for a few moments Chaz grappled blindly
with it in a state of complete panic. His only thought was that
some kind of animal had gotten in the room and leaped on him,
then his right hand closed around something that was unmistakably
a wrist. The thing, the person, whatever it was began pounding at
his chest and frantically trying to yank its arm free, shrieking
and gasping in an unmistakably *feminine* way with its efforts.
Chaz managed to grab its other wrist (supposing that this thing
didn't have more than two, anything seemed possible after the way
it had seemingly dropped on him out of thin air) and held it
there as the creature struggled on top of him.

The storm outside seemed to have stopped completely. The room was
pitch black, the only sound was the rasp of his and the thing's
harsh breathing. After a few moments its attempts to break free
became weaker and increasingly feeble as it seemed to tire itself
out. Finally it stopped and sat shuddering on his stomach, making
a quiet noise that sounded very much like a girl sobbing. Still
quite shocked and unsure what to do, Chaz held it/her for a
moment longer, then, hoping to God that it/she was really
exhausted, he brought its/her wrists together and pinned them
against his chest with one forearm. With his free hand he reached
for the lamp on the nightstand, and after fumbling with it for a
long moment he managed to switch it on. Then he looked up and
felt the blood drain out of his face.

There was nothing there.

He still held the pair of trembling wrists against his chest;
still felt the weight of something sitting on his stomach; he
could even still hear the faint shuddering sobs. But he saw
nothing.

Its fucking invisible, he thought calmly to himself, though he
felt that he was on the edge of losing his mind completely. He
had a sudden urge to throw the thing off, jump up, and run as
fast and as far away as he could.

Instead he collected his thoughts and slowly and deliberately
began following the contours of its arms with his hand, resolving
to at least find out what it was before he took a chance on
letting it loose in the world. The skin of its arms was soft and
smooth and hairless. It had elbows. Human enough, at least so
far.

It struggled weakly for a moment as his fingers moved over the
curve of a bare shoulder. Its skin felt moist and cool, like it'd
been out in the rain.

"Voyat," it moaned in a low, frightened-sounding female voice.
"Voyat aun!"

Chaz froze. He was pretty sure that it, no, she had just told him
to stop, but he sure as hell wasn't going to do anything else
until he had more of an idea of what the fuck 'she' really was.
He reached higher, finding the curve of a neck where it should
be, then moving up along it until his finger brushed though
strands of wet hair and found an ear. She jerked her head away,
but he found it again.

"Take it easy," he said softly, trying to sound reassuring. "I'm
not going to hurt you."

He doubted that she understood him, but she seemed to calm down a
little. She held still as he traced the line of her jaw. Chaz
could not get over just how fucking weird it was to be touching
someone in a lit room and not being able to see them.

Well, she feels nice enough, he thought distractedly as he walked
his fingers as gently as he could over blank air. He pressed his
fingers against her lips. Soft, trembling slightly, nothing too
unusual. He ran through a checklist. Nose, right where it should
be; tightly-closed eyes with lashes; eyebrows; smooth forehead;
two ears; soft, damp hair framing her face and falling around her
shoulders. So far, so good, he thought. Nothing too monstrous
yet.

"An la." She said in a pleading tone, tugging gently at the hand
that held her wrists. He briefly debated what to do. Though she
seemed to be calm now, there was no way of telling what she'd do
once he let her go. He took hold of her left wrist in his hand,
then let go of her right. He held onto her arm gently but firmly,
using that as a sort of leash, at least for the time being.

"Jaho aeh?" She asked in a quavering voice. "Jatah ma no?"

Chaz really wished he knew what she was saying, but at least one
thing was clear. She was just as scared as he was.

Under different circumstances, the fact that there was a moist
and naked female sitting on him in his bed would be like a dream
come true. But with the shock of her bizarre and sudden arrival
still fresh in his mind, he could think of little else besides
the fact that she had somehow fallen on him out of nowhere;
invisible, speaking a weird language and possibly being not quite
human.

Despite this, he began feeling somewhat warm as she touched his
chest with her free hand. Her fingers roved along his shoulder,
then moved up his neck. It took him a moment to realize that she
was feeling along blindly in the same way he had. She couldn't
see him either. It was no wonder she had panicked and started
freaking out.

Curious as to what she could and couldn't see, he reached up and
switched off the light. She seemed to pause for a second, then
continued gently feeling her way over his chin to his mouth. He
frowned. She appeared to be equally blind in both light and
darkness, though maybe she could tell the difference somehow. He
pondered this as if it was an academic problem for a moment until
the light touch of her fingertips on his lips brought him back to
reality.

Maybe she's from another dimension, he pondered, like that
two-dimensional monster from that old Outer Limits episode. To
him she seemed very much three dimensional, though, and in the
dark with the lights off he could almost forget she was
invisible.

Her fingers brushed his eyebrows, giving him very much the same
examination as he'd given her. Slowly, he reached out his hand
until he touched her cheek and she flinched at the unexpected
contact. He wondered if she could see anything at all. Probably
not, if she couldn't see him. She was the outsider, and however
light or whatever passed for light in her dimension reflected, it
apparently didn't work the same way here.

Chaz placed his hand on her shoulder, suddenly wishing he could
see what she looked like; to be able to tell if she was really
human and didn't have a tentacle growing out of her bellybutton
or someplace worse. Tentatively, he slid his hand down her side,
his thumb brushing against something round and warm that might
have been--at least, he hoped--a bare breast. He felt the gentle
outline of her ribcage then the smooth, firm side of her belly.
When he reached the sloping curve of her naked hip, she caught
his hand in hers and gently removed it. He blushed slightly. Some
things were apparently still off limits.

"Nak ha lo," she said firmly, her voice steadier now. He wondered
if she was smiling or glaring at him with outright hostility. He
didn't like not being able to see her face, though he was glad
that she was sitting more on his stomach now and not his lap. If
she'd been sitting lower, she might have felt a certain part of
his own anatomy poking her in a sensitive area.

He was embarrassed, but there was something so sensual about
having to blindly explore each other with their hands. She could
have green skin and snake eyes for all he knew, but he only could
'see' what he touched. And so far he thought she looked pretty
damn good.

A sudden thought struck him. Playing a blind game of doctor was
fun, but what should he do next? This wasn't a dream, it was
real. That is, unless he'd gone totally nuts. He felt like he'd
been thrust into the middle of an X-Files episode.

He let go of her other hand, and tried to use his senses to tell
what she was doing. She flinched and caught his hand again almost
as if she were steadying herself.

She really is blind, he thought. It must be like sitting in some
kind of void. He suddenly felt sorry for her. It seemed doubtful
that she was here by choice. He caught her other hand and meshed
his fingers with hers. She squeezed his hands tightly and
murmured something in a fearful voice. Chaz didn't have the first
clue about what to do next, but holding her hands seemed to be
somewhat comforting, both to her and him. He supposed he should
alert his uncle at some point, even though he wasn't completely
sure that any of this was real.

Real or not, her fingers began to tremble as if she was cold. He
decided to try and find her some clothes. After all she did seem
to be his guest, and she might be staying for a while. He forced
that last thought out of his head.

"Okay, I'm going to get up," he said, feeling a little dumb
talking when he knew she didn't understand him. He could only
hope that his voice was reassuring. Chaz sat up slowly and swung
his legs off the bed. Her hands remained locked on his, squeezing
him almost painfully tight. He stood and pulled gently until he
felt her crawl to the edge and stand up hesitantly in front of
him.

"Jatah eh la?" She asked, her voice sounding uncertain.

"I'm going to get you some clothes, okay?" He managed to wrench
one hand free and flip on the light. He half expected to see her
as the room lit up, but there was still nothing. The blanket was
ruffled but unmarked, thankfully free of ectoplasm or any other
unpleasantness.

Chaz guided her slowly to the closet, marveling at how much she
was trusting him. But then again, he realized, what choice did
she have? He was her lifeline, her eyes. He suddenly felt cold
himself. What if she was really trapped here? How would his uncle
react? What the hell would they do with an invisible girl who was
stuck in a world that was just as invisible to her? He didn't
want to think about that right now. Clothes, he told himself,
focusing his mind, just get clothes. Worry about the rest later.
Besides, he thought, maybe this was just a dream after all.

He brought her hands to his shoulders and she rested them there
as he opened the closet and peered inside. He wasn't the type of
guy that kept a supply of women's clothes handy, so he figured
she'd have to settle with whatever would fit. He found a clean
white sweater that he normally used to go jogging in and set it
on the floor, thinking that she'd probably like something to wear
under it. He almost laughed at himself. Twenty two years old and
playing dress-up.

He got out the cleanest tshirt he could find and rounded up a
pair of blue sweats. That would have to do for now.

"Here," he said handing her the shirt. She fumbled with it for a
moment, the garment seeming to move around in the air by itself.
She quickly got the idea and pulled it over her head and down
around her waist. Chaz watched this in fascination. It gave her a
visible shape for the first time, and he found his eyes stuck on
two shapes in particular, both round and rather perky. He tore
his gaze away and mentally kicked himself as he handed her the
sweats. She held on to him for balance and he tried not to look
as she stepped into the sweatpants and pulled them up. It wasn't
like he could actually see anything, but he still felt it was
impolite. He handed her the sweater and soon she looked like a
ghost ready to go for a midnight run.

Okay, she was dressed. What next? His thoughts were interrupted
by an unexpected hug from the jogging outfit. She wrapped her
arms around him tightly, and he felt her chin come to rest on his
shoulder.

"Enuho ah," she said emotionally in his ear, and he was pretty
sure that meant 'thank you.' He awkwardly returned the hug. She
seemed tall, probably as tall as him. He wondered how old she
was. He had the impression that she was somewhere close to his
age, but there was really no way of knowing. She hadn't felt old
and wrinkly, though, that much he knew.

She gave him a little squeeze then let go and took his hand
again. Okay, what was next on the invisible girl's agenda? He
suddenly realized that he had to take a leak. That was as good a
place as any to start.

He began to take her down the hall, then stopped as a better idea
hit him. He led her back to the bed and put his hand over hers
and guided it to the sheets, tracing the outside of the mattress
and showing her where it joined with the wall. She seemed to
catch on, feeling around on it until she had scoped out the bed's
dimensions.

Watching the jogging suit crawling around on the covers, Chaz got
a pretty good idea of her dimensions as well. He realized he was
staring and blushed. It wasn't like she was going to notice him
staring at her butt, but he was still embarrassed. He took her
hand again and placed it on the wall that led down the hall to
the bathroom. She followed it, feeling along tentatively as he
escorted her through the door and around the various obstacles in
her way.

Once in the bathroom he showed her where the faucet was, and she
turned it on and off, appearing to be somewhat familiar with the
concept of 'sink'. Then it was time for the real test. He guided
her hand to the toilet tank, and she did a thorough examination
of it, touching the seat; the little handle; the roll of toilet
paper on the wall next to it; doing her homework before she
reached her conclusion.

"Foyatan," she declared, and flushed it with a laugh.

Thank God, Chaz thought, there's that problem solved. He led her
back along the wall to the bed, unsure of were to proceed next.
Maybe she's hungry, or thirsty, or...

She suddenly climbed onto the bed, her inbound terminal to this
universe. Chaz watched as impressions formed on the pillow and
blanket where her head and feet would be. The jogging suit curled
up with a sigh.

Or maybe she's just plain tired. The excitement of her arrival
had mostly worn off, and with a sudden yawn he realized that he
was rather exhausted himself. He returned to the bathroom to take
a leak then stood by the bed for a moment, watching the front of
the sweater rise and fall slowly with her breathing.

All right, Chaz, he thought to himself as he turned off the light
and climbed in next to her. When you wake up, you'll see that all
of this was a dream. Just a wacked out, trippy figment of your
imagination. The girl scooted in closer, her knees brushing his
thigh. She found his arm and took hold of it like she was afraid
that he might disappear and leave her alone. Chaz covered her
hand with his and found himself hoping that it wasn't just a
dream after all.

* * *

Chaz woke up in the dim bedroom with a pale square of morning
sunlight streaming down on him through the curtains. He blinked
groggily as he rose up to his elbows and looked around. He was
alone.

Man, what a crazy dream, he thought, sleepily running his fingers
through his tousled hair. I gotta stop eating Cheetos right
before I go to bed. A sudden flushing sound came from down the
hall and he froze. Maybe it was just his uncle, he rationalized,
but why would he use the upstairs bathroom when his own was
downstairs?

He got up and slowly approached the bathroom door, hoping to God
he wasn't going crazy. Just before he reached it, it opened. An
empty white sweater and blue pair of sweats stood uncertainly in
the doorway.

"Nan ai lo?" She asked, a hollow white sleeve reaching out and
searching the air, seeming to sense that he was somewhere nearby.

"Here," he said feeling for the hand at the end of the sleeve. It
was cool and damp. Well, he thought, at least she washes her
hands.

"Ai nan," she commented, squeezing his hand gently.

"Yep," he agreed. He went into the bathroom and reached into the
medicine cabinet for his toothbrush. She stuck to him like glue,
holding onto his waist from behind and resting her chin on his
shoulder almost affectionately. He didn't mind it at all, but she
was distracting him somewhat from his thoughts. Thoughts like:
where did she come from? What was she doing here? What was he
supposed to do with her?" A few rather naughty possibilities
concerning that popped into his head, but they weren't very
helpful at the moment.

He brushed his teeth slowly, trying to think. Okay, he would take
her to his uncle. If his uncle freaked out and maybe had a heart
attack, Chaz would know that she was real. If he just stood there
calmly and gave him a strange look, Chaz would know that it was
time to check himself into the loony bin.

He led her down the creaky steps carefully, letting her feel her
way down. They made it without incident but his uncle was nowhere
to be found. There was a note on the refrigerator that said he
had gone to Deadwood and would likely be there all day. Chaz had
a growing suspicion that his uncle had somehow known about this
and set him up in that room on purpose, but how or why, he had no
idea. It looked like he was going to have to deal with this
situation on his own, at least for now.

First he needed a way to talk to her. That was likely going to be
a problem, as he doubted that her language was one that they had
a quick-and-easy audio course for. He would just have to try to
learn it, or teach her English. Or both. There was also her
vision problem and the secondary difficulty of her being
invisible. He already had a few ideas worth trying, but they were
pretty hit-and-miss. If all else failed he supposed he would have
to take her to a doctor or something.

Deciding to try and kill two birds with one stone, he took her on
a tour of the house. He pointed out furniture and objects, had
her examine them, then told her its name.

"Chair," he told her.

"Kanha," she told him. It was a start, anyway.

"Kan-ha," he repeated back to her.

"Chi-ar," she responded. Close enough. He repeated both his word
and hers a few times, and she did the same. He repeated this
process for all the major items and features of the house, and
she seemed to get the hang of it quickly.

Breakfast time. He sat her down at the kitchen table and browsed
the cupboards. It looked like the only option available was
Fruity Sugar Puffs, a name that had always struck him as being
rather fruity itself. He got out the box, two bowls, two glasses,
a carton of milk and one of orange juice from the fridge. He set
them all on the table and sat down next to her.

"Bowl," he said, letting her explore it with her fingers.

"Bowl," she repeated.

"Glass." He pressed one into her hands. She stiffened for a
moment.

"Eha?"

"Glass," he said again, a bit puzzled. After a moment she
giggled, seeming to feel the inside of the short blue glass.

"What's so funny?" he asked, feeling left out. She giggled again
and set the glass down on the table, then found his hand and
guided it under the table and between her thighs.

"Glas," she said, touching his hand lightly to the crotch of her
sweats before guiding it back up on the table.

He felt his face go red. Apparently he'd just stumbled on his
first Dimension X naughty word.

"Cup," he offered.

"Cup," she repeated, seeming to find the word more agreeable.

He poured her a bowl of cereal, and she stuck her finger in the
bowl and tasted it, the milky outline of her fingertip seeming to
dissolve in her mouth.

"You like?" he asked. Then an idea formed in his head. He got up
and grabbed a few things from the kitchen; spoons, napkins, and
two aspirins.

He took her hand in his and guided her to pick up a spoon. After
getting a spoonful of cereal, he brought it to his mouth,
managing not to spill too much of it.

"Mmm," he said, crunching on the cereal and rubbing her hand over
his stomach. She giggled. She seemed to be giggling too much to
be very old, but he found it endearing. "Like."

Then he let her feel one of the aspirins before he popped it in
his mouth and chewed it, nearly choking on the bitter taste.

"Ugh," he said. "Not like." He almost laughed at himself. He
sounded like a caveman, but this was important.

Now it was her turn. He pressed a spoon into her hand, and
watched as she took a mouthful of cereal and chewed it
thoughtfully, then swallowed. Watching her eat was both
disgusting and fascinating at the same time. The milky fruit
colored bits of cereal were ground up into a soupy mush and
gathered at the back of her mouth before dropping quickly down
her throat.

"Like, or not like?" He asked, hoping that she'd get the idea.

She smacked her lips for a moment. "Like," she said. Good, but
she could just have been imitating him.

He crushed the other aspirin on his spoon and guided it up to her
mouth. She seemed to hesitate, then some of the powder lifted off
as she tasted it.

"Ack," she said, not sounding too thrilled.

"Like or not like?"

"Not like."

Cool.

He poured some orange juice into her glas... no, her cup. She
lifted it hesitantly and took a sip, the orange liquid swishing
around in her mouth for a moment before being swallowed.

"Like," she said. He patted her on the hand. Her spoon hovered
over her bowl, and he realized that she was probably hungry.
Enough lessons for now, he thought. Let the poor girl eat.

"Go ahead," he told her then took a bite of his own cereal. She
dug in and ate quickly, the cereal disappearing down the neck of
her sweater at a surprisingly fast pace. She wasn't just hungry,
she was starving. He poured more juice for her, and when her bowl
was empty he decided to teach her something else.

"More?" he asked, rattling the cereal box.

"More?" she repeated uncertainly. He took her hand and dumped a
little cereal into his bowl to demonstrate. He held it close to
her bowl.

"More," she said, then giggled and squeezed his hand as he
refilled her bowl. She continued eating quickly and Chaz began to
wonder if she was her dimension's version of a hyperactive
teenager.

He was somewhat glad that the sweater was hiding her stomach, as
he knew enough about the digestive process already. He did wonder
if food she ate would disappear after a while. He supposed that
he could check, but she might get the wrong impression if he
started lifting up her shirt, invisible or not.

After her third bowl of cereal and second cup of juice she seemed
satisfied. Chaz cleaned up the dishes as she clung to his arm in
the kitchen. He was going to have to leave her for a little while
in order to get some stuff that might help their situation, but
he didn't know how she'd react to his absence.

He took her back upstairs and sat her down on the bed, as that
was probably the place most familiar to her. He suddenly realized
that she was the first female to share a meal with him in several
months, and the first one to share a bed with him in more than a
year. So much for my non-existent social life, he thought. He had
a feeling that the boring part of his vacation was pretty much
over. A thought suddenly struck him. He had wished for something
exciting to happen, and what was the saying? Be careful what you
wish for because you just might get it?

"I'll be back in a little while," he said, trying to reassure
her. He patted her head. "Don't worry, okay?" She squeezed his
hand tightly before he pulled away and headed for the bedroom
door.

"Merah," she said softly. He turned to see that she had laid down
on her side and was hugging a pillow to her chest. If that meant
hurry, he would definitely do his best.

Chaz took his uncles old beat-up VW and headed to the nearest
city. He was gone for almost three hours, much longer than he
wanted to be. The stores had been spread out and he'd had trouble
deciding what exactly she might need. Clothes weren't too much of
a problem. She needed shoes, but he had no idea what her size
was. Hell, he didn't even know her name.

He settled on getting a few pairs of underwear, guessing
liberally at her waist size. He felt rather self-conscious as he
brought the three pairs of white cotton panties up to the
register. But the middle-aged woman behind the counter only
smiled cordially as she rang them up.

He returned home with panties, groceries, and two items from a
novelty store. One was a black-light lamp, and the other was a
small assortment of flavored body-paints. He didn't really expect
the black light to work, but for twenty bucks it didn't hurt to
try. And the body paint? Well, he was just going to have to play
that by ear.

Chaz walked up the stairs and entered the hall. There was a thump
as the bedroom door swung open, seemingly by itself.

"Lak ah te?" He voice was quiet and uncertain like she was asking
who it was.

"I'm back," he called, heading for the bedroom. "It's okay." She
met him in the doorway and hugged him tightly, burying her head
in his chest.

"Not like," she murmured tearfully.

Chaz felt awful. She must have been wondering all this time
whether or not he'd abandoned her. He hugged her, stroking her
unseen hair soothingly. He was starting to feel like her big
brother or something.

After a moment he disengaged himself and took her back down to
the kitchen to put the groceries away. She was getting better at
navigating the stairs, and once in the kitchen she began
exploring the cupboards. After a moment he heard a crunch as she
got into the bag of cookies he'd just put away.

One floated toward him at the end of the sweater's sleeve.
"More?" she offered.

"Sure," he smiled, taking it as she leaned against the counter
and began devouring the rest. Half the bag was gone by the time
he had the groceries put away. He took it away from her gently,
wondering if she ate this much all the time, and if so, how she
wasn't fat. If she wasn't so tall he'd think she was an
adolescent. But then again, maybe they grew faster wherever she
was from. That reminded him. Introductions were long overdue.

Taking both her hands in his, he put them on his chest. "Chaz,"
he said.

"Shas?" She asked, sounding confused.

He brought her hands to the sides of his head, then moved them
down over the outside of his shoulders and down his chest toward
his legs, encompassing all of him.

"Chaz," he said again.

"Ch-ahz," she repeated, then squeezed his shoulder, seeming to
understand. "Chaz." She pulled his hands to her chest and placed
them right above the swell of her breasts.

"Kehanee."

"Key-hah-nee," he repeated. Kehanee. He liked that. Just then her
stomach gave a loud rumble and she giggled and hugged his arm.

Jesus, he thought, she's an eating machine. He was a little
hungry himself so he made them each a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich, then made an extra one just in case.

Kehanee wolfed down her sandwich before he'd finished half of his
own, then sucked the jelly off her fingers. Even though he
couldn't see her mouth, it was still sexy.

"More?" He asked.

She seemed to consider for a moment. "More."

Maybe she was booted out of her own universe because she eats so
much, he thought with a grin. He gave her the extra sandwich,
which she ate a bit slower than the first. Now he could imagine
how his parents had felt when he'd been a teenager.

He marveled at the way she'd learned to feel around carefully
without knocking over anything. Maybe she could see the general
shape of things, but not the details. He decided to take her
outside and see how she reacted.

When they were done eating he led her to the front door and down
the aging wooden steps of the porch. He paused once they were in
the sunlight, watching her as she seemed to look around. She was
still holding his hand tightly so he guessed that she probably
couldn't see much, but as he looked down on the ground he noticed
something very interesting.

She had a shadow. It wasn't exactly normal; where the dark
shadows of her clothes ended, the lighter reddish shadows of her
head, feet and hands appeared; looking like the sunlight was
being filtered through stained glass.

Weird. He was going to have to take her to a doctor, or maybe a
scientist at a university.

Letting go of his hand, Kehanee pulled off her sweatshirt and
wrapped it around her waist. She took a deep breath then bent to
feel the grass at her feet.

"Tualak! She exclaimed.

"Grass," he told her.

"Grass," she echoed. "Tualak."

"Tualak," he repeated, then squeezed her hand. He was starting to
enjoy this.

She seemed to like being outside so he sat with her on the porch
steps for a while before getting up and leading her back into the
house. He still had the blacklight to try out.

He plugged it into the outlet in the bathroom, which didn't have
any windows and was practically pitch dark with the door shut and
the light off. He brought her in and closed the door, then
switched it on. He squinted at her in the eerie blue-black
radiance, seeming to be able to see something, a shadow maybe.
She let go of him and raised her hand up to her face, and it took
Chaz a moment to realize that he could actually see it. Well, he
couldn't exactly see where it was, so much as where it wasn't.
Her skin seemed to be absorbing all of the light, leaving an inky
black nothingness where her body was.

He looked at the outline of her head and neck, unable to see her
features but happy to be able to see something. She reached out
and touched his face, with none of the tentative hesitation of
before. She could see him too, then, at least a little.

Kehanee laughed happily and Chaz couldn't keep from grinning
himself. This might not be much, but it was a start. She put her
arms around his neck and stood in front of him, her face
perfectly level with his. Attack of the Six-Foot Tall Teenager
from Dimension X, he thought.

"Na hatu ah," she whispered. "Enuho." He didn't know what it
meant, but something about the way she said it sent a warm shiver
down his spine.

Suddenly Chaz put his arms around her waist and kissed her,
feeling her body stiffen with surprise. He was almost as
surprised as she was. He immediately pulled away, their lips
coming apart with a soft smacking sound. Kehanee was standing
very still, almost like she was frozen. He could feel that her
breathing was a little faster than before.

"Like, or not like?" he asked, feeling like he had to say
something. He'd given in to the impulse to kiss her before he'd
even known it was there. She barely hesitated before answering.

"Like," she said, her voice almost a whisper. "More?"

He felt his face grow hot. "Uh, sure." He touched his mouth to
hers again and felt her lips pressing back against his as he
kissed her tenderly. She seemed even more tentative than he was,
and he wondered if she'd ever done this before. Make that Attack
of the Six-Foot tall Virgin from Dimension X? Maybe. He'd
definitely like to find out, but he was going to leave that up to
her, and also up to evolution. There was no real guarantee that
their plumbing was even compatible.

He gently slipped his tongue between her lips, hoping that she
wouldn't try to eat it. To his relief she began darting her own
tongue around it, playing a spirited game of tag. Her tongue was
long and quick, but not supernaturally so, and wasn't even
forked. He almost felt disappointed.

Her hands slid over his back, tracing his spine and shoulders
through his shirt. This was quickly becoming one of the hottest
kisses he'd ever had. The universal language seemed to be coming
through with flying colors.

Chaz stopped for a moment to catch his breath. She didn't seem to
need a rest. She began kissing all over his face; his cheeks; his
nose; his chin; his ears; everything within reach. I'd better be
careful, he thought. If she had the same passion for sex as she
did for eating, he was a dead man.

The black light was starting to hurt his eyes and he thought it
was probably about time to relocate anyway. She didn't protest as
he switched it off and led her into the bedroom. He kissed her
again for a moment, then sat on the bed and waited to see what
she would do. He didn't have to wait long. She giggled and
pounced on him playfully, pushing him back on the bed and
straddling him in much the same position she'd landed in the
previous night.

Kehanee stroked his face affectionately and nuzzled his neck, her
soft breasts rubbing against his chest. His hands roved over her
backside, cupping and squeezing her firm ass. She moaned softly
and pushed her butt against his hands. His erection felt like a
hot bar of iron in his pants, and he groaned as she began slowly
rubbing herself against him. Her body felt incredibly good. He
caught the hem of her shirt and slid it up, and she raised her
arms so that he could take it completely off. Once her shirt was
safely on the floor he ran his fingers over her invisible
shoulders and moved down until he found her breasts. They were
soft and warm and fit perfectly in his hands. He hefted and
squeezed them firmly as she arched her back and sighed.

Chaz found it very strange to be fondling someone he couldn't
see, but it seemed to add a whole new level of excitement instead
of detracting from it. Everything was a mystery. Everything was a
sensation. The touch of her skin; the sound of her breathing; the
smell of her body.

He took her by the shoulders and pulled her down towards his
face, feeling a nipple brush softly against his cheek. He found
it with his lips and sucked it into his mouth, hearing her gasp
sharply as he did. She kissed the top of his head and ran her
fingers through his hair as he sucked on her tits, first one,
then the other. The air where her nipples were glistened faintly
with his saliva.

He slid his hands beneath her sweats and kneaded her bare butt,
relishing the feel of her smooth skin. He felt her hands slip
down to his waist and fumble with his belt. He helped her with it
and she began unbuttoning his jeans with trembling fingers. He
rubbed his hands over her curvy hips, passing down beyond where
she had stopped him the night before. Chaz squeezed her supple
thighs and silently thanked whatever force in the universe that
had given her to him.

She had pulled his fly open and he could feel her tracing the
bulge in his underwear with her fingertips. He slid a hand back
up to her stomach, then slid it slowly down toward her 'glas'. He
felt the gentle rise of her mound as his fingers slid into her
thin patch of short-and-curlies. Her pubic hair was soft and
fine, and he could feel a humid warmth radiating up from between
her legs. Exploring further, he felt his middle finger touch the
upper part of her vulva, rubbing gently over the moist folds of
delicate skin.

"An mah," she gasped.

"Like?" he asked, his voice sounding heavy.

"Like." She pushed herself against his fingers, her body seeming
to tremble slightly. Her labia were swollen and smooth, and she
moaned as he stroked them with his fingers. Now for the final
test. He slid his index finger up along her opening and began
slowly pushing it in, feeling her vagina contract around it. She
felt very tight and very wet. More importantly he felt no teeth
or any other nasty strangeness inside her. He gently pulled his
finger out and on an impulse brought it to his mouth. She tasted
salty-sweet and musky. Delicious.

He was about to go back for more when she pushed her sweats down
around her thighs and then yanked them off. Now she was
completely naked and completely invisible. Chaz closed his eyes
as she pushed him down and kissed him, her hands pulling his
jeans and underwear down to his thighs. She sat up and hovered
over his lap, and he felt her hand lifting his very erect penis
and guiding it as she lowered herself down.

The sensation of sliding into her warm body was incredible. She
stopped when he was only a little way into her and he felt a
stretchy resistance that seemed to be blocking further progress.
Her hymen. He began to reach out to support her when she suddenly
dropped her weight down, impaling herself completely on his cock
with a pained yelp.

He held her by the waist, rubbing her sides comfortingly as she
sat still on his lap, her warm body quivering on top of him. He
looked down to see his penis standing up, seeming to be
surrounded by nothing but air as it twitched with pleasure at
being buried within the fleshy confines of her snug pussy. She
began moving slightly and he closed his eyes and meshed his
fingers with hers as she began to undulate above him.

Kehanee whimpered softly, but he couldn't tell whether from pain
or pleasure. His own gasps were of pure ecstasy. She slowly
increased her tempo, rocking her hips and taking him completely
inside her with every movement. Chaz could feel her delicate
insides gripping his shaft and he was surprised that he was
holding on so long. He'd expected to come almost immediately, but
the strangeness of his invisible lover seemed to distract him
somewhat.

He soon lost track of time completely, only aware of her body
moving against his. Then with a sudden, violent shudder she fell
forward against him, her tits pressing firmly against his chest
as her moaning breaths warmed his ear. He held her as she came,
feeling his own orgasm building quickly as her vagina fluttered
and squeezed around his cock. In a a few moments his hips
twitched upward as he came powerfully into her shivering body,
his vision blurring and senses fading until he was only aware of
her weight on top of him and the explosive sensations coursing
through his body. It was one of the best orgasms of his life, and
he could only shudder and hug her tightly against him until it
was over.

"Like," she panted breathily in his ear. "Like, or no like?"

"Oh God," he moaned. "Like. Like *much*."

She giggled softly. "More?"

"Sure, just give me a minute," he said squeezing her
affectionately and kissing her invisible yet sweaty forehead.

"Sure," she echoed. She contracted her muscles around his penis,
giggling as he responded with a gasp. She was dangerous after
all, he thought, but not because she was alien or violent. She
was going to kill him with sex.

They lay there for a few minutes, his dick staying quite firm
inside her as she kept squeezing it every so often with her
talented pussy. He looked down to see a large gob of pearly-white
fluid hanging over his penis, some trickling down around it but
most staying up in her body.

Uh-oh, he thought. Would our kids be invisible, visible, or just
transparent? That was assuming they could have kids, she might
have different genes or something. He stopped worrying. With the
way he felt right now, he'd be happy to raise a litter with this
incredible girl whether he could see them or not.

He was surprised to find that his penis was again rock hard, and
he sat up and rolled her over until he was on top of her. His
dick slipped unguided back into her like a heat-seeking missile.

She groaned and he felt her wrap her long legs around his hips
and begin humping up at him as he thrust into her with long
strokes. Before long he brought her to another shuddering orgasm,
then a few minutes later he came again himself, seeming to
trigger yet another climax in her trembling body as he filled her
with sperm for the second time. When he finished he fell limp on
top of her, feeling completely drained. She was panting weakly
beneath him with her legs still entangled around his.

Chaz kept his arms tightly around her, loving the feeling of her
naked body as she nestled up against him. After they'd both
recovered he took her downstairs and made dinner. Kehanee clung
to him playfully as he moved about the kitchen, her hands often
resting around his waist or slipping provocatively into his front
pockets. It was something he could easily get used to.

Shortly after they'd eaten and gone back to his room, she was
kissing him and tugging at his pants again. He made love to her
once more before falling exhausted into bed. She curled up in his
arms, the warmth of her body and the softness of her hair quickly
lulling him to sleep.




*****************************************************************

Comments Welcome.

christian562@gmail.com

More at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Christian_Alan/www/

*****************************************************************




