Friday was late getting her Christmas Story Fest. entry in,
so she tried to snow us with How I Wrote My Christmas Story.
I suggested that she deserved a spanking to 'encourage' her
to write the proper story. She protested that a spanking was
not the way to get her motivated. I assumed that she
preferred the Carrot to the Stick. So when she finally
entered the totally wonderful Christmas At The Beach. I
decide that she should have her reward. Aren't I a truly
generous soul? Don't answer that, until you've read the
story!

Carrot or Stick
by Arty

Friday sighed as his hands stroked gently in wide sweeps up
her legs, over her buttocks and up to her shoulders. The
stroking stopped and she heard the sounds of hands being
rubbed together.

"Have to make sure the oil is warm."

The stroking started again. Friday moaned in relaxation. She
felt his hands wandering between her cheeks and then a
finger insinuated itself gently into her ass.

"Have to make sure that we massage _everywhere_ can't have
you going home an _unsatisfied_ customer can we?"

Finally he was finished with her back and gently turned her
over so that he could continue his treatment of her front.
This was far less relaxing, but Friday didn't want it to
stop anyway.

His fingers slipped slickly over the smoothness of her
breasts, stopping only to pinch and tease at the hardness of
her nipples. Slowly they wandered across her tummy, briefly
investigating the wonder of the female navel causing her to
giggle. And then Friday gasped as his fingers carefully
ensured that no part of her pussy was left untouched. He sat
back smiling.

"Of course to do this properly I have to perform internal
massage."

"Don't let me stop you, in fact I insist!" Said Friday with
some asperity.

He knelt between her outstretched legs and raised her knees
to ensure a deep enough penetration. Then when he was
certain that both he and she were at maximum readiness he
entered her in a single smooth thrust.

Friday's eyes opened wide as she gasped.

"I realise that this is an unconventional approach to
massage, but I think you will be satisfied with the
results." This was said with much gasping and panting as he
re-enacted, almost, his initial thrust.

"I'd better be, or I can see we are going to need a serious
'chat' later."

He stuck out his tongue at her, which she immediately sucked
into her mouth causing him to moan.

Just as things were begining to reach a reasonably
satisfactory conclusion he paused and, deeply embedded
within her silken folds, he persuaded her that he could
improve the quality of the 'massage' if she was on top. With
much grumbling and not a little laughter - which almost
completed the proceedings prematurely the required
positional change was accomplished.

Pulling her down on top of him he continued kissing her
whilst his fingers explored her bottom and he flexed himself
within her. Suddenly she gasped as she felt something
invading her other entrance. At the same time he started
thrusting in earnest. She groaned again as he captured her
tongue with a loving suction. A few thrusts more and he
brought a hand between them to stroke her clit. and this was
enough to bring her pleasure to a climax. His overtaxed
control was shattered and he came also.

As they relaxed in the aftermath of pleasure and he cuddled
her to him she investigated her anal invader. She felt the
feathery foliage and her suspicions were confirmed as she
extracted the offending vegetable and waved it in front of
him.

"A carrot! You know damn well what I meant when I said I
preferred the carrot to the stick!"

He was helpless with laughter at her outraged expression;
finally he recovered enough to gasp out.

"It was only a little one." Before convulsing again. It was
not long before she was infected with his laughter. But she
knew that before long she would have her revenge.

-Fin-

