Caught

After high school, I started going to college in the nearby city. Instead of commuting, I moved in with a friend that lived near the college. Since I was busy with classes, I was not having sex with the women in my neighborhood any more. I did not have the time or the money to drive back out in the country as often as I had wished. 

I had started getting into politics by volunteering for a local congressman. My evenings and weekends took on a new life doing campaign work, both inside and outside of the office. There was a young girl named Pat who was still in high school, but I knew her, as our parents were friends. She was a little on the young side for my tastes, but she developed a massive crush on me. Her parents were rather strict, but as they knew my parents and, as I was working for and trusted by our local congressman, they allowed me to date her. At first, it was nothing special, but I got invited over to her house and her parents felt comfortable about me. 

Although she was still a high school senior, she had not really started to fill out yet. She was somewhat skinny, weighing about 110 at the most. She had short brown hair and brown eyes.. She had small breasts that were mostly nipple, but they were large and sensitive. Her ass still wasn't filled out, but it was soft and held promise. This being the sixties, she did not shave her pussy and she had a luxuriant growth of deep brown hair. Her best feature was an effervescent personality that made being with her fun.

The summer was coming to a close, but a few times we went out to the beach on some afternoon dates. As long as I brought her back before suppertime, we were unchaperoned. We would get into the car, and as soon as we left the house, she would snuggle close to me. I would put my arm around her and feel her breasts through her swimsuit top. At first she resisted, but soon she felt the pleasure build up and her nipples started to harden.

A few times we went to a secluded swimming hole that I knew about. Since we could see and hear anyone coming long before they seen us, I would suggest we go skinny-dipping. The first time, she just took her top off. After that, she would strip as soon as we got there. As for swimming, we actually did little. Usually, we would lie on the shore and I would play with her small breasts. I would kiss her, and then suck her little nipples until they were hard. She would play with my penis for hours, as she was fascinated about how it got hard. She would jack me off until I came, totally spellbound watching my penis squirt. 

One time, I tried to finger her pussy, but she resisted telling me that she was a virgin and wanted to stay that way until marriage. She wouldn't have anything to do with me touching her pussy. I was a little put off as she had given me several good orgasms and she had not even got one. I decided to try some oral loving on her. She loved me sucking her nipples, so I thought I would use my tongue on other things. I laid her back and sucked her nipples. When they were both hard, I left them and kissed down to her belly button. I kept kissing lower and lower until I was in her hair. I stuck my tongue out and started to lick over her hair. I just got one lick into the front of her slit when she pushed me away.

"That's nasty. That's where I pee."
"Don't worry about it. You smell nice."
"I've heard about this in sex-ed. My friends thought it was cool, but I really didn't think so."
"Have any of your friends tried it?"
"No."
"The nice thing about this is that I can make you climax and you will still be a virgin."
"OK. But I don't want anything gross to happen."
"It won't. Just lay back and I guarantee you will like it."
"OK"
"Lay back and spread your legs for me."

I laid her back, had her spread her legs, and I put my head between her thighs. I took a deep breath and enjoyed the fragrance. It was not like the older women that I had been pleasuring, but it smelled really nice. I stuck out my tongue, and started licking her slit, getting it moist. 

"That feels nice."

I had her roll her hips back to give me better access. I stuck my tongue into her vaginal opening. It tasted a little of pee, but her juices had started to flow and that taste was soon drowned by her lubrication. I gently spread her lips with my tongue and sucked on her inner lips. I moved toward her mound, found her clit with my tongue, and gently sucked it into my mouth. 

"OH MY GOD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!???"

She gripped the back of my head and pulled me into her as deep as she could. Her clit was completely out of its hood and I sucked and licked it for all I was worth. She spasmed hard and went limp. Her pussy sprayed out a batch of fluid right into my face. It didn't taste anything, but I started to lick it up.

"Oh NO!! I peed all over you!!!"
"No you didn't. You had an orgasm."
"But it felt like I was peeing! I've rubbed my pussy before and nothing like this has ever happened. I've felt good before, but not like this."
"This is what I wanted to do for you. I enjoy giving pleasure.."
"Can we do it again?"
"Of course. But I can't guarantee it would be like this again."

She lay back down, spreading her legs and pulling her knees up to her chest to give me full access. I began to lick the juices up, tonguing her from her mons to her anus. I sucked her clit again, and again I could feel her spasming. Afterward, we lay together kissing, Pat sucking her juices off of my tongue.

As it was starting to get late, we headed home for the night. I dropped her off, said hi to her parents, and headed home for the night.

As time went on, she found that she could not get enough of me sucking her pussy. She thought it was neat to have major orgasms and still be a virgin. I started to think about her sucking me off, but I was afraid to broach the subject with her. That topic was taken care of when Deep Throat came out. Several of her classmates had gone and seen it, and she was curious. One Saturday afternoon, I got her a fake ID and we went to see it. Afterwards, we went to my apartment and we made out on the couch. As horny as she was, I thought this was the time to bring up her sucking me off.

"I would like you to suck my cock like Linda Lovelace did."
"But that's where you pee."
"I won't pee. I trust you not to pee when I kiss you down there."
"What do I do?"
"Just take it and put the tip in your mouth. Run your tongue over the head as you gently suck on it. You don't have to swallow it like she did."
"What does it taste like?"

I reached down, and squeezed a large drop of precum onto my finger and put into Pat's mouth. She sucked my finger into her mouth and licked it clean. I removed my finger from her mouth and brought my cock right up to her lips. She opened up and sucked it right into her mouth, tonguing my peehole to get more of my precum. 

"That feels so good. I am getting really close to cumming"

As she sucked my cock, I could feel my orgasm building. I started to back away, but she put her arms around my ass and held me there.

"I'm gonna cum!"

I tried to pull away, but she held me tight as the first blast of my cum squirted into her hungry mouth. She didn't flinch, but kept on sucking my penis until I was totally drained.

"That was fantastic" I said as I bent down to kiss her. She opened her mouth and I kissed her deeply, tasting my juices on her tongue. 

We got together off and on during the spring. It was getting infrequent due to our classes and the fact that we didn't find much time alone. Just before the end of the school year, Pat called me up and told me her dad was going out of town for a big conference and her mother would be at the theater for dress rehearsals on Saturday. 

"Come on over and I will have a little surprise for you."
"Can't wait! What is it?"
"You will just have to wait and see"

I got over to her house about a half hour after her mother had left. I knocked on the door and she told me to come in. I came into the house asking where she was.

"I am in the den."
"What's the surprise?"

She was sitting on the couch facing the TV and away from me. I walked around the couch to her.

"Do you like it?" She was wearing a frilly white dress that was down below her knees, but the top was rather low cut.

"I do. What's the surprise?"

"This." She said as she lifted her dress up to show me real stockings with garters. She kept lifting her dress up. "Do you like?" she said as she raised up her dress to her waist, revealing her naked pussy. "I'm not wearing a bra, either."

"MMMMM" I dropped to my knees before her, kissing her inner thighs above her stocking tops. I would look down into her pussy and see the juices gathering on her outer lips. I couldn't stand it anymore, and finally I buried my face in her bush. I searched out her clit and sucked it into my mouth. I licked all around it, her vaginal opening, and her perineum to get all of her tasty juices. She raised her legs to chest to give me full access. I alternated between sucking the juices out of her vagina and licking her clit. I took my sweet time as I had all afternoon. 

She grabbed my head, pulling it in tighter. I knew this was the start of her orgasm, and I wanted to give her a good one. She thrashed and moaned as I continued my tongue-lashing of her clit. She finally stiffened in her climax, her pussy gushing into my mouth.

I kept gently licking her pussy as she came down from her orgasm. I tried to clean her love liquid from her thighs and ass. I was keeping her arousal at a high level hoping for another climax. 

Our breathing had calmed down a little, and all of a sudden, I was aware of a third person in the room. I looked up to see her mother standing behind the couch, watching us. I made an unintelligible sound as I went into shock. Pat saw the deer in the headlights look and turned to see what I was looking at. She cried "MOM!!" and flipped her dress down to cover herself up, trapping me underneath.

"Patricia Ann, get to your room right now!"
"Yes, Mom." She got up and ran upstairs to her room.
"Young man, you and I need to talk."
"Yes, Ma'am." I said, allowing myself to breathe again.

I was still on my knees, my face covered with her love juices. I didn't know what would happen next or even what my life expectancy was. The look on her face wasn't harsh, but it was both surprised and quizzical. She sat down on the end of the couch and motioned me to get up and sit on the couch. She saw that I was still terrified and her look softened a bit. 

"I am not going to bite your head off."
I mumbled something incoherent, not knowing what to say.
"I didn't just walk in on you two. I came home to get my scripts, and I heard some strange noises. I came back to investigate, and I saw you two on the couch. I wanted to say something then, but I was fascinated. I watched you and it looked like Patty climaxed a couple of times."
"Yes, Ma'am" was all I could say."
"It looks like my daughter enjoyed that."
I nodded my head.
"It looked like you were enjoying yourself, too."
I nodded again.
"We need to talk further. You will meet me at the mall entrance to Sears this evening at 7:30. If you are not there, my husband will know all about today's escapade. Is that understood?"
"Yes, Ma'am."

I went home and cleaned up. It was amazing to me that I was still alive and that my balls were still attached to my body. I had no idea of what to expect later that evening, but however she was going to punish me, it was a lot better than her husband finding out.

I arrived at the mall about 7:00, not wanting to be late. I wandered about the entrance, keeping my eyes open for her. Promptly at 7:30, she walked in and motioned to me to follow her. I followed her to her car and she had me get in. I was a little hesitant as the car had tinted windows and I could not see inside. When she opened the door, I peered in and was relieved to find the car empty. We both got in, shut the doors, and she started the car. We headed out of the mall parking lot, but she turned away from her house.

She turned to me, smiled and said; "I'll bet that this is not the first time that you have made love to Patty."
"No Ma'am."
"I see she thoroughly enjoyed it."
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Have you had intercourse with her?"
"No Ma'am."
"Here's the deal. What I saw earlier has shown me that women can really enjoy sex. As long as I have been married, I have never had anything like that happen to me. When my husband and I have sex, once he climaxes, it's over."
"I'm sorry."
He gives me a little foreplay to get my juices going, and then he climbs on top of me. He strokes for a few times, climaxes, and that's it. I have tried to tell him that there is more to it than that, but he doesn't believe me."
"I wouldn't let that happen to my girlfriend. She should enjoy it as much as I do." 
"You are not going to let that happen to me are you?" 

Finally figuring out what she had in mind, I started to relax. I looked over at her, my eyes roaming over her body. In the past, I had seen her as Patty's Mother, but now she was an excited woman who wanted to be brought to new sexual heights. I started to notice her body and tried to imagine what lay beneath her clothes. She was trim for someone in her 50's, not a hint of excess fat. Her breasts were smallish, but well proportioned. She had black hair, but I suspected some of that came out of a bottle. As she was seated, I could not imagine what the rest looked like, but I couldn't wait to find out.

"Where are we going?"
"To our summer home by the lake. We are almost there."

In a just a short time, we pulled into a secluded driveway leading to a house on a private lake. It was large and comfortable, a place you could live in year round.

She stopped the car and we got out. I followed her up the walk, looking at her legs and ass. After looking her over, I knew she was an older version of Patty. "Not bad for a 50 year old. I could deal with this." I thought to myself as we entered the house.

We entered the living room. As she led me over to a couch, she turned and said, "Make love to me. Just like you do to Patty."

I took her in my arms, kissed her deeply, our tongues intertwining. I reached around to feel her ass and pull her tight to my now hard penis. She ground into me for a second, but pulled away and said, "First, I want to find out what I have been missing all these years."

As she backed away from me, she removed her jacket. As she turned, I went behind her and unzipped her dress. As she let it fall, I reached around and cupped her breasts. As I pinched her nipples through her bra, I nuzzled her neck and nibbled on her earlobe. She still had a lingering trace of a floral perfume.

"MMMMMM, this is starting to feel good already."
"We've just started. It gets better."

She stepped away from me to get fully out of her dress. I drank in the sight, as she stood before me in a white lacy bra and panty set, thigh high nylons, and heels. Her nipples were trying to poke through her bra, and I could smell the aroma of an excited woman. I took her in my arms, kissed her again, and reached around her to unclasp her bra. I pulled the bra off of her body and finally got to see her breasts. Her nipples were hard and there was not the slightest trace of sag to them. I knelt down, taking one into my mouth while I rolled the other between my fingers. She moaned loudly and clasped me to her chest.

My hands began to travel lower, gripping her ass. I felt her ass crack through her panties. I rubbed over her asshole and she moaned again. I reached lower toward her pussy and found her panty crotch was sopping wet. 

I released her nipples, stood up, and kissed her again. She was a little breathless, but she accepted my tongue into her mouth and swirled hers against it. I broke the kiss, took off my shoes and shirt, and led her to the couch. Before she sat down, I eased her panties down to her knees. She sat down and lifted her legs so I could finish removing them. As she sat down, I knelt in front of her and took her panties the rest of the way off. As I had noticed earlier, the crotch was soaked with her juices. I held them to my nose and inhaled deeply, luxuriating in the scent of a fully aroused woman. I put them in my mouth, savoring her juices. She tasted a little like Patty, just with a more tartness. I couldn't wait to taste it from the source. Without her seeing me, I slipped her panties into my pocket.

I finally got to look at her pussy. The lips were swollen and her lubrication was running sown her thighs. She had a thick bush, but unlike Patty, there were strands of grey in it. She slid to the edge of the couch as I took her legs and lifted over my shoulders. I began by kissing the tops of her thighs above the hose, working my way toward her pussy. Her aroma was strong, and her lubrication was literally dripping out of her slit. I began to kiss her lips, lapping all of the juices that I could. I pushed her knees toward her chest and spread them as far as they could go. I licked her slit, going deeper and deeper with each stroke of my tongue. I finally found the treasure that I was looking for, her clit. I gripped it with my lips and sucked it into my mouth, running my tongue over it. She spasmed as if she had been struck by lightning. 

"OH MY GOD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!???"

(Author's note: I hate to sound repetitious, but every woman that I have gone down on for her first time has said these exact words or the equivalent in her native tongue-RHL)

I kept sucking on her clit as I slid a finger into her pussy. It was tight and it gripped my finger like a snug glove. 

"Put another one in me," she said between moans. She was thrashing around and bucking against my face. She had gripped the back of my head and was pulling it tight to her pussy, grinding her clit into my mouth. I was massaging the inside of her pussy when she stiffened like she had put her finger into a light socket. She spasmed, and a gush of cum sprayed out and into my face and mouth. As some of it went into my nose and throat, I backed away coughing and sputtering.

"OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD!!!! I am so sorry! I didn't mean to pee in your face! I am so sorry! I am so sorry!"

After my coughing died down, I told her, "You didn't pee. You had one rip-roaring orgasm. Sometimes a woman will squirt when she is extremely turned on."
"I have never felt like that before."
"Let's see if we can keep it going."
"You mean there's more?"

I didn't answer, but put my face again to her pussy. I alternated between sucking her clit and licking her juices from her lips, perineum, and thighs. As she started to breathe harder and buck against me, I sucked her clit into my mouth and running my tongue over it again. I put two fingers into her vagina and felt her stiffen. She pulled my head into her pussy and I felt her body stiffen in orgasm once more.

"Oh my, that was wonderful!"
"I enjoyed it, too."
"What about you? I bet you need some relief right now."

I hadn't thought of it, but now I realized my dick was hard as a rock and my balls were starting to ache. I stood up and removed my pants. My dick stood out in front of me like a flagpole.

"Let me take care of that for you."

She raised up her legs, spreading her thighs so I could have complete access. I was a little hesitant and she gave me a questioning look.

"If you are worried, remember, I can't get pregnant anymore."

I came to her, and pushed my penis into her. She wrapped her legs around my back and started to buck against me. She felt wonderful, so warm, so tight, and so wet. This was too much, and on the third stroke, I came hard. I squirted what felt like a pint of cum into her pussy. She felt it also, and held me tight. My cock stayed hard as I rested inside of her. I rested, enjoying the feeling of her pussy wrapped around me. 

After a few moments of rest, I started to pump into her again. She was a little more slick from my cum, but she still felt wonderful.

"My, you can still keep going?"
"You feel so wonderful that I would like to keep going all night."
"I like this. I haven't felt like this since I was first married."

I was stroking into her. I took several minutes until I was ready to cum again. I felt her stiffen with a couple of small climaxes. I finally felt my own climax coming on. I shot a couple of drips, relaxed and rolled off of her. 

"That was wonderful," I said as I sat down next to her on the couch. "Just out of curiosity, how long were you watching Patty and me?"
"Just a few minutes. You had just started kissing her between the legs and she was moving around to get comfortable."
"Why didn't you stop us?"
"I was in shock. I wanted to, but I became fascinated with Patty's reactions. She seemed to be really enjoying herself. I was torn between wanting to pull you off of her and throw you out and wanting to see what happened next. I became more and more fascinated watching you, and when she started moaning and pulling your head into her crotch, I couldn't pull my eyes away. When she climaxed, I knew that she was experiencing something that I never had. That's when I decided to have you do the same to me." 
"Any regrets?"
"Yes, just that it took this long to find out how pleasurable sex can be. By the way, you said that you never had intercourse with Patty. How did she satisfy you?"
"She would either give me a hand job or she sucked me off."
"Sucked you off?"
"She would take my cock in her mouth and lick the head and suck on it until I would cum."
"What did she do when you squirted?"
"She would keep on sucking and swallow as I came."
"Doesn't it taste nasty?"
"She seems to like it. She would rather suck me off than give me a hand job anymore. I like kissing and licking a woman and I love the taste of their juices. I think she likes the way I taste, too."
"From what I have seen and what I have just experienced, I think that I will let you continue to date Patty. Don't hurt her, just keep making her happy. Just make sure my husband doesn't find out or he will kill you. And remember, I'll need it once in a while also."
I glanced over at the clock. It was after midnight. "Shouldn't we be getting home?"
"No, we can stay here for the night."

I snuggled up next to her and kissed her. I fell asleep dreaming about the most fantastic day in my life and what may cum in the future.

