When I woke up I had no idea where I was. I looked around and found that I was in a room. It had two sets of double doors and a window that took up the whole wall on the right side of the bed. with a view of a city. It was night time. There was a huge king sized bed, which I was on now, a bathroom off to the side on the left, I could see through the set of open double doors that were on the left wall right at the head of the bed, a nightstand on either side of the bed, and a huge flat screen tv on the wall opposite of the bed. Why in the hell would someone stick me in a room as dreamy as this one if they had kidnapped me. Then again where the hell was I, anyways?

My questions were soon going to be answered as I heard the door knob begin to rattle. I quickly stood up and braced myself for what was to come. If I had to fight with someone or something then I was ready. Err...wrong! The door opened and I fell back on the bed.

There standing in the doorway was Drake. No way! How the hell did he get me? He was never ever invited into my house. There was no way that he could of gotten to me. Then it hit me. Duh! Vampires had day men. He probably sent one to capture me.

"Well, well, well. Look who's up! How are you beautiful?" he asked me with a smirk.

A shiver ran up my spine. "Don't call me that, you bastard!" I hissed at him.

He stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. "Now, now is that anyway to talk to your husband?"

My eyes widened. "WHAT?"

"Why else would we be in the vampires honeymoon suite?" he asked with a devilish smirk.

I looked around the room again. Yep! It was indeed a honeymoon suite. So, apparently we were somewhere where vampires could marry. I wonder where that is. "We're not married, Drake!" I exclaimed. There was no way. This was the first time I'd been awake since when I got hit over the head with a blunt object and knocked out.

"Well, according to the man at the front desk, yes we are," Drake smirked, sitting down next to me on the bed.

I stood up as soon as he sat down and ran into the bathroom, locking the door behind me. I knew it was pointless because he could easily knock it down. But, apparently he was feeling a bit generous because he didn't break it down. Instead he allowed me some time alone. "You glamored the poor guy!" I yelled from the bathroom.

"He's use to it. Otherwise he wouldn't be working at a vampire hotel," Drake told me. His voice was closer now so I knew that he had stood up and was standing on the other side of the door. He was probably listening in to see if I'd open the window and climb out.

Wait! The window. I ran over to it and slowly and quietly I opened it. I opened it with no sound at all so he wouldn't have heard anything. I stuck my head out the window, looked below me and above me, and then brought my head back in. Nope! No way I'd be getting out that way.

He rented out the honeymoon suite on the highest floor. It looked like we were about 11 or more stories up from the ground. There were no rooms above us from what I could tell. Therefore, I knew for a fact that we were the highest floor.

Slowly and quietly, I closed the window. Great! I was trapped. For now at least. Then it hit me. I had the power of telekinesis, though I never really used it because I was afraid I'd use it the wrong way, and astral projection came hand in hand with it. Woo-hoo! Saved. Not exactly.

I would have to distract Drake long enough for me to project myself to Bon Temps or even Shreveport in this matter and tell Rachel, Sookie, or Eric what I knew about where I was. If Drake came in and found me in a zombie like state and then all of a sudden I came back to life...he'd know that something was up.

"Drake!" I forced myself to call out his name.

"Yes, beautiful?" he asked from the other side of the door.

"Did you think to be nice enough to get me a few outfits?" I asked. If he was nice enough to not tie me up or something then I figured he might be nice enough to have gotten me a few outfits to change into for a few days.

"You know I didn't think of that," he answered. "But, if you want I'll go and buy you some new clothes."

I smirked at that. He really mustn't think that I won't use that time to get away, right? "Oh, really? That'd be great!" I exclaimed.

I heard his feet retreating out of the room and felt my whole body light up. It didn't last long, though.

"Don't even think about escaping, beautiful. There are two vampire guards outside of the door to make sure you stay in here where you belong. In the morning there will be werewolf guards," he called throughout the suite as I heard the door leading out of the suite open and then close.

"Damn it!" I hissed through clenched teeth, absent mindedly punching the wall next to me. "Shit!" I exclaimed in pain as I felt a finger or two break upon impact. "That's not good!" I told myself.

Thankfully there was a first aid kit in the bathroom and I bandaged up my now broken fingers. How stupid? Aren't you suppose to be getting beat up and having your bones broken by someone other than yourself?

Cautiously, just in case, I unlocked the bathroom door and peaked out. No one was there. I figured that I'd try and escape myself first and if that didn't work out then the next morning I'd astral project myself to Bon Temps or Shreveport. For all I knew it could be day there right now and night when it's day here. I prayed that that was the case.

Slowly I worked my way out of the bedroom and into the main sweet. Wow! There was a full living room, a full kitchen. a guest bedroom, a guest bathroom, a foyer, and another room where the door was closed. I was willing to bet that that was where the vampires who rented this suite stayed.

It took me about a minute to reach the main door. Every time I heard a noise I would stop dead in my tracks and look around. Grabbing the door knob, I opened the door slowly and when it was fully opened I was staring at the backs of two large, bald men.

Deciding that I'd give my telekinesis a try, or wait….I mean my psychokinesis a try, I wished silently for a stake, hoping there was one somewhere in the suite and luckily there was. It appeared in my hand in seconds. Hey! I actually didn't use my power wrong this time!

Knowing fully well that I could only take one of them down at a time, I had a decision to make. Kill the guy on the left who was the chubbiest and shortest of the two, or the guy on the right who was the tallest and more built of the two. After further evaluation I decided to go after the taller and leaner guy. I'd stand a better chance at chubby ass on the left.

Giving the situation no further thought, I lifted my hand that had the stake and without warning impaled it into the unexpecting vampires back. He hissed and yelled a loud, "NOOOOO!" as he went down on his knees and soon fell to the floor in a pile of blood, guts, and disgusting stringy shit.

As I knew he would be the other vampire was fully alert now. When I looked at him his fangs had popped out. If he wanted a fight then it'd only be fair that I have fangs to. Since I had broken my fingers, although there was no blood, I had the ability to pop my fangs out whenever I pleased. Pain makes you angry a lot of times remember. Fangs can mean a number of things and anger is one of them. See how I'm able to control my fangs now?

"Hello," I said sweetly, waving my fingers, I guess up and down, instead of waving my hand side to side.

"Drake said not to kill you, but he didn't say anything about not biting you and draining you a bit," the chubby vampire said in a threatening tone of voice.

I smirked, "You bite me then I bite you." My fangs popped out into view once I said that.

The chubby vampire took a step back clearly shocked. Drake has no idea about this part of me so, of course, neither does chubby ass here. Let the fun begin.

"Burn in hell bastard!" I hissed while stepping forward to stake him.

Before I knew what was happening he was going up in flames out of nowhere and then falling to the floor next to the other vampires remains. The floor was now covered with the remains of two vampires. One that I had no idea how I even killed.

I stood there with my eyes wide and jaw dropped. It was my turn to be in shock. Vampires don't just go up in flames like that. Could I have caused him to do that when i told him to burn in hell? What the hell just happened here?