School Daze

By: Maquido

maquido@hotmail.com

Part I 
 
Helen Thomas was as mad as hell. Helen was the coach 
of the cheerleader squad and she had just caught two 
of her girls sneaking back to their hotel room with a 
bottle of wine. The squad was at the state playoff 
game with the team and it had been a special privilege 
to get to go on an overnight trip. And now, Lisa and 
Susan, two juniors on the team had snuck out and 
bought some wine. They could ruin it for everybody. 
Helen was so mad she needed time to think. She left 
the two girls in her room while she checked the halls. 
Helen was supposed to immediately kick them off the 
squad. They would be suspended from school and barred 
from the squad forever. 
       
"Damn," she said to herself. Helen liked the girls and 
did not really want to get them kicked off the squad 
but the rules were staunch. She could get in trouble 
for not reporting them to administration. Helen knew 
she had to make a strong impression on the both of 
them. 
       
The girls were crying when Helen got back to her 
room.? They both started trying to talk at once. "Miss 
Thomas. . ." 
       
"Shut up, both of you. You know the rules. I am 
suppose to call your parents right now and have you 
removed from the squad." The girls started crying even 
harder. 
"We're sorry. Miss Thomas, we'll do anything...it will 
never happen again." Lisa could barely talk she was 
trying so hard not to cry. 
       
"Sorry is not enough. I have to punish you. Now, I am 
willing to punish you and not mention the incident 
but, if I do, you have to take my punishment and you 
can never mention it to anyone, and I mean anyone, do 
you understand." 
       
The girls looked at each other and Lisa said, 
"Anything Ms. Thomas, just don't kick us out." 
       
"How about you Susan?" 
       
"Yes, Ma'am. Anything to stay on the squad." 
       
"Okay, here's the deal, and you both take it or 
neither of you do. I spank you. And I spank you hard, 
with a belt. If either of you ever tells anybody, 
you're off the squad and you're suspended from school. 
I'll give you about ten minutes to think about it 
while I make another floor check." 
       
After she left, Lisa immediately picked up the phone 
and called Carol, a senior and the head cheerleader. 
They were going to share the wine with her. Lisa 
hurriedly explained what was happening and asked what 
they should do. 
       
"You had better do whatever she says. But I have an 
idea. I can't get you out trouble but I can make the 
future better. Have you got your purse?" 
       
"Yes." 
       
"I'll be right there." 
       
"Whatever you do, don't get caught." 
       
Carol knocked on the coach's door. Lisa answered. 
Carol gave her a cassette recorder, turned it on to 
record and told her to put it in her purse and try to 
have her purse so it would record whatever happened. 
Then, Carol quickly made her way back to her own room. 
       
Helen Thomas returned to her room with a belt she had 
borrowed from the football coach. She had briefly 
explained to him what she was doing. 
 
"Lisa, you're first." 
       
Lisa stood up. She already had tears streaming down 
her face. "What do you want me to do?" 
 
"Pull down your pants, bend over with your hands on 
the dresser." 
       
"Pull...pull down my pants?" 
       
"That or let's call your parents." 
       
Lisa unbuckled her jeans, lowered the zipper and 
pushed her pants to her knees. She was wearing thin, 
nylon panties that offered no protection to what was 
coming. She bent over the dresser and bit her lip, 
determined not to cry. The first lick was hard. It 
hurt so bad she gasped and started crying freely.  She 
jumped when the second hit her and her jeans fell to 
her ankles. Helen hit her three more times before 
telling her to pull up her pants and go back to her 
room. The red marks on her bottom were clearly visible 
through the thin panties. She left the room sobbing. 
       
"Your turn Susan. Drop your pants and bend over." 
       
"Ms. Thomas, I . . . I don't have on any underwear." 
       
"Tough, do it or let's go call your parents." 
       
Susan was crying as she unfastened her pants and 
pushed them to her knees. She bent over the dresser 
and took the spanking on her bare bottom.  She left 
and made her way, crying, back to her and Lisa's room, 
carrying Lisa's purse. 
       
They called Carol. She came and got the recorder. 
       
Carol knew she had all she needed the moment she heard 
Ms. Thomas tell the girls they would have to pull down 
their pants. Giving licks may have been okay, but 
having the girls pull down their pants was not okay. 
That was absolutely against the rules. She flinched 
when she heard the sound of the belt hitting Lisa. And 
Susan wasn't wearing underwear!  Ms. Thomas made a bad 
mistake by hitting her on her bare ass.  Carol thought 
she could probably be fired for that.  Carol knew she 
would have to carefully consider how to make use of 
the tape.  One thing she would have to do would be to 
exact some revenge.  She thought the girl's 
humiliating punishment far outweighed their crime. 
       
Later, in bed, Carol was still thinking about what had 
happened. She imagined how terrible it would be to 
have to bend over without any pants on, but. . . it 
was sort of exciting, too. She started to think about 
being made to bend over naked, it was kind of sexy. 
But, in her fantasy, she imagined being punished by 
the football coach instead of Ms. Thomas. She imagined 
herself in his dimly lit hotel room and the coach 
telling her that he was sorry, but she would have to 
remove her clothes. Carol began to get a wet. 
       
She kicked her covers off. Imagining that the coach 
was watching, she pulled her nightshirt up over her 
bottom. The cool air of the room stimulated her as it 
washed across her naked bottom. Her hand moved and 
began to rub between her legs. In her fantasy she was 
made to kneel with her ass raised high to the coach's 
view. On her bed she kneeled and raised her bottom. 
Her nipples rubbed back and forth against the sheets 
causing an electric flash to jump from her breasts to 
her crotch. She imagined being watched and she spread 
her legs so her imaginary viewer could see everything. 
With her hands she spread open the cheeks of her ass. 
She rose up and looked back into the mirror. If he 
were there, he would see her pussy and her anus. She 
started rubbing herself harder, spreading the wetness 
from her pussy to her clit. She came in a shuttering 
climax that left her breathless.
 
The team won their game and Helen said nothing more to 
Lisa and Susan.  Everything got back to normal - for 
two weeks.  And then, the team had another out of town 
game and the cheerleader squad got to go and spend the 
night.  Before they left, Helen gave the squad another 
lecture on how they were to behave.  Lisa and Susan 
would not look at her.  But Carol did, with a smile.  
       
At their hotel the girls were leaving their travel van 
when Carol stopped Helen.  "Ms. Thomas, I need to talk 
to you about something in private.  Can I come to your 
room?"  
       
"Of course." 
       
Helen opened her door to Carol's knock.  "What is it 
Carol?" 
       
"I don't think your punishment of Lisa and Susan was 
fair." 
       
Helen's heart started beating faster.  The more she 
had thought about it, the more she regretted the 
punishment she had dished out.  Her entire career 
would be jeopardized if anyone found out, and someone 
had. 
       
"Its none of your business Carol." 
       
"Well, I am the head cheerleader and a senior.  I 
don't think that the humiliation you put them through 
was appropriate." 
       
"Appropriate? I let them stay on the squad.  And it is 
none of your business." 
       
"What would happen if the school board or their 
parents found out you spanked their bare asses." 
       
"I don't know what they told you but . . ." 
       
"I have a cassette tape." 
       
Helen sank to the bed.  She knew she was in a lot of 
trouble.  "What are you going to do?" 
       
"I've been thinking about that.  I don't really want 
to get you fired, but it pisses me off that teachers 
think they can get away with that kind of stuff." 
       
"I repeat, what are you going to do?" 
       
"What do you think I should do?" 
       
"I'll apologize to them." 
       
"No.  You did what you did.  An apology is not 
enough." 
       
"Carol, what are you after.  I wanted to leave them on 
the team, but I had to teach them a lesson." 
       
"I guess that's my idea, I don't want to get you 
fired, but I think I need to teach you a lesson." 
       
"What are you saying?" 
       
"Do you agree that what you did was wrong?   I agree 
they needed to be punished and I agree that kicking 
them off the squad would have been too harsh.  But, 
don't you think you went a little far?" 
       
"Yes.  If it helps, I agree, I was mad and used bad 
judgment." 
       
"They used bad judgment and were punished.  You used 
bad judgment and you should be punished." 
       
"What do you mean?  I hope you're not going to use bad 
judgment." 
       
"Well, do you want me to tell what I know?" 
       
"Of course not." 
       
"Okay, here's the deal, I've decided on a punishment 
for you that I have decided is fair.  I'll tell you 
what it is and just like Lisa and Susan you have one 
choice, you accept it or I send the tape to the 
principal." 
       
Helen was scared.  She did not say a word. 
       
"I think your punishment should fit the wrong." 
       
"What are you suggesting." 
       
"You get a spanking with a belt on your bare skin." 
       
Helen blushed red.  "You can't . . ." 
       
"Now you know a little how they felt, only they were 
powerless against you.  Let me finish telling you my 
idea and then its your decision, you accept or I 
tell.  You'll get in more trouble than anybody else.  
I'll even give you time to think about it." 
       
Helen had nothing to say. 
       
"Okay, like I said, you get a spanking, four licks 
with a belt on your bare bottom.  Now, the part you 
might really not like is that you'll have to be naked 
and be blindfolded.  And a boy will do the spanking.  
I don't think I could hit you hard enough.  I think 
that will be the only way you'll feel the humiliation 
the girls felt.  I promise he won't tell anybody and 
even if he does, I promise you I'll deny anything he 
says. Nobody else will know, not even Lisa and 
Susan."  Helen sat in numb silence, her world 
dangerously close to destruction.  "Now Ms.  Thomas, 
that's the way its going to be, like it or not.  You 
tell me sometime before dinner if you agree." 
Helen knew she was in a lot of trouble and she could 
think of no way out.  She even thought about quitting 
her job, but if she did, and if she read Carol 
correctly, she would probably not be able to get 
another teaching job.  This job was her first and she 
had only had it a couple of years.  It was not until 
she was driving the girls to dinner that she realized 
she really had no choice.  She stopped Carol as she 
got off the van. 
       
"Yes ma'am?" 
       
"Okay." 
       
"Okay what? " 
       
"I agree." 
       
"Come to my room at midnight." 
       
"Please, I am begging you to do something different." 
       
"No." 
       
"Then please, I am begging you to be careful." 
       
"Don't worry Ms. Thomas, no one will find out, I 
promise." 
At midnight she knocked on Carol's door.  Carol opened 
the door. 
       
"Come in." 
       
Helen stood quietly, red faced, her mind jumbled.  She 
was crazy to do what she had done, and now, some high 
school boy would see her bare assed.  And hopefully, 
she would never know who he was. 
       
"He will be here in a minute." 
       
"What do I do?" 
       
"Put on this blindfold.  It's for your protection as 
much as it is for him.  And I think for my protection, 
you better let me supplement my tape by telling me 
what's going to happen tonight and why." 
       
Helen's legs were trembling with fear.  She put on the 
blindfold. 
       
"Okay, tell me what is going to happen and why." 
       
"Two weeks ago I made a terrible mistake, I spanked 
two of the cheerleaders for trying to sneak some wine 
into their room. I made them pull down their pants.  
You found out and decided to punish me.  I have agreed 
to take off my clothes and be spanked with a belt.  A 
boy will do the spanking.  I will be blindfolded." 
       
There was a knock at the door.  Carol had explained to 
Tim, her ex-boyfriend, what her plan was and he had 
agreed to participate.  He had not been able to think 
straight all day imagining what he was going to do.  
Ms. Thomas was beautiful and he was going to get to 
see her naked.  He was a little uncomfortable about 
hitting her and had decided to not spank her very 
hard.  Carol let him in the room. 
       
"Okay Ms. Thomas, he's here." 
       
"What do you want me to do?" 
       
"Stand over here."  Carol led her to a spot in front 
of the dresser.  "Take off your clothes." 
       
Helen was almost nauseous with anxiety.  She hesitated 
just a moment, realized her only hope was to continue, 
and started to undo the buttons on her blouse.  Tim 
could not take his eyes off of her.  Carol, 
remembering her fantasy, wished it was her that was 
being made to strip.  Carol noticed Tim's erection and 
reached over and gave it a squeeze. 
       
Helen slipped her blouse off and hesitated only a 
moment before she reached behind and undid her bra.  
Her breasts were firm and not too large.  Tim thought 
they were perfect.  Helen was surprised at a sudden 
feeling of sexiness.  She was getting excited at what 
was happening.  Tim and Carol both noticed Helen's 
nipples swelling. 
       
Helen unsnapped her jeans and pulled the zipper down.  
Tim rubbed his erection.  As Helen pushed her jeans 
down, Carol reached over and undid Tim's pants.  Helen 
felt behind her, found the dresser and leaned against 
it as she raised one leg to pull off her jeans.  Tim 
helped Carol pull his cock free.  It rose up and 
twitched as Carol's cool hand wrapped around it.  
Helen finished taking off her pants and tossed them 
aside.  Her panties were white nylon.  Tim focused on 
the shadow of pubic hair clearly visible at her 
crotch.  Carol was slowly stroking his cock. 
       
Helen felt hollowness in her belly that signaled an 
increase in her excitement.  She was getting turned 
on.  She took a breath and pushed her panties down.  
Tim squeezed Carol's crotch through her pants.  Carol 
was turned on like never before. 
       
The dark cleft of Helen's sex was visible despite her 
efforts to keep her legs together.  She could smell 
her own excitement and hoped that it was not 
noticeable to anyone else. But it was, and Carol had 
an idea. 
       
"You're getting turned on aren't you Ms. Thomas.  I 
can tell." 
       
"Just get this over with." 
       
"Would you like to skip the spanking?"  She was still 
lightly stroking Tim's cock. 
       
"You know I would." 
       
"I have an idea.  He and I are kind of turned on too.  
I've been jacking him off." 
Helen felt an immediate shortness of breath and a 
flash of horniness.  Some boy was seeing her naked and 
jacking off. 
       
"What's your idea?" 
       
"Something we can do instead of spanking you." 
       
"I cannot let him have sex with me." 
       
"No ma'am, I wouldn't ask you to do that.  But I'm 
getting excited too, just like you and just like him.  
Let him and me get off while he looks at you and I 
watch him and we'll skip the spanking.  Your 
decision." 
       
"Go ahead and look." 
       
"You have to pose for us." 
       
Helen knew that a blush was spreading across her 
chest.  It always did when she got this turned on. 
       
"What do you want me to do?" 
       
"You can start by turning around and letting him see 
your rear." 
       
Helen paused just a second before turning to face the 
dresser.  This had already gone so far that she might 
as well try to escape without the added pain of a 
whipping. 
       
"Spread your legs and bend over." Carol unzipped her 
own pants so Tim could get his hand inside her 
panties.  She spread her legs slightly and bent her 
knees as his hand slid under her panties and curved to 
cup her pussy.  With one hand she held his shoulder to 
keep her balance as one of his fingers dipped into her 
pussy. 
       
Helen bent over.  She knew that the kids could see 
that she was wet, but it didn't really matter. 
       
Carol remembered her fantasy and how she had imagined 
being completely exposed to her imaginary viewer. 
       
"Reach back and spread your cheeks." 
       
Carol complied, pulling the firm flesh of her bottom 
apart, exposing everything to Carol and the unseen 
boy. Helen thought she could feel the lips of her sex 
swell with a rush of blood. The dresser top stimulated 
her nipples as she bent over, on view for the 
masturbating couple behind her.  
       
"You're wet aren't you, Ms. Thomas." 
       
"Yes." 
       
"Show us." 
       
Helen moved one hand around and up through her legs.  
She rubbed the entrance to her pussy and felt the 
wetness there.  Her knees grew weak.  She used two 
fingers of her other hand to part the lips of her sex 
and she pushed a finger inside herself. She withdrew 
it, covered with her slick, sticky secretions.  She 
rubbed her fingers together.  The feel of her 
lubrication and the knowledge of what the kids could 
see aroused her even more. 
     
Carol paused in her stroking of Tim's cock, not 
wanting him to come too fast.  "Listen, here's what I 
want to do.  He's going to come pretty soon.  I've got 
to come, too.  You lay on the bed and let him jack off 
on your ass.  I'll watch and get myself off. He won't 
screw you but you can rub yourself, okay?" 
       
"Okay."  Helen sounded out of breath.  She felt like 
she was in a trance. Nothing else could matter. 
       
Carol led Helen to the bed. 
       
"What do you want me to do?" 
       
Carol moved a pillow down.  Lay here, put your hips on 
this pillow."  She directed her hands to the pillow.  
"Spread your legs.  He'll get behind you and jack off 
on your ass." 
       
Helen climbed onto the bed and positioned herself on 
the pillow.  Her bottom arched high, she spread her 
legs.  Carol pulled off her own pants and signaled Tim 
to do the same.  At Carol's urging he climbed behind 
Helen.  At the thought of what he could see, Helen 
felt a swelling bubble of sexual excitement. 
       
Carol knelt on the bed where she could get a view of 
Tim's cock and was rubbing herself faster and faster. 
       
Tim got close to her and started masturbating.  The 
bed moved with his rocking.  Carol said, "Spread your 
cheeks again." Helen reached back and spread her 
bottom open.  Tim moved closer and Helen felt the 
searing heat of the tip of his cock as it brushed 
against her skin. 
       
"Play with yourself Ms. Thomas.  It's okay." 
       
Helen could not help herself.  She told herself that 
Carol was making her do this to save her job.  With 
one had she began to rub herself.  Soon, she was 
arching up trying to feel the flesh of the cock being 
worked above her.  Tim's balls bounced against the 
knuckles of the hand that was busy between her legs. 
Tim pressed closer, wanting the feel of her flesh 
against his. Carol was starting to come, wishing it 
was her splayed beneath Tim's rocking body. 
       
Tim started to come.  He pressed the tip of his cock 
against her.  It pressed against the sensitive skin of 
her anus.  Helen moved both hands between her legs.  
Tim's come erupted hotly against her, soaking the 
crevasse of her ass.  She rubbed furiously, coming as 
she felt the young boy's sperm flow between her legs 
mixing with her own wetness. 
       
Later, Carol lay in bed enjoying the lingering scent 
of the mixture of Tim and Helen's sex. 
                                  Part II 
Eventually Helen relaxed.  Carol was evidently good to 
her word and never mentioned the "punishment" to 
anyone.  Helen still wondered who the boy had been but 
she had never detected any knowing smirks from any 
student that might suggest he was the one who had seen 
her naked, had seen her lose control and join in what 
turned into an intense session of group masturbation. 
School would be out soon and Carol would be gone.  Of 
course Lisa and Susan would be around next year but, 
the way they were behaving, there would be no 
problem.  In fact, there was only one remaining the 
problem; not before and not after that night in 
Carol's room had Helen ever experienced such an 
intense and ultimately enjoyable sexual encounter.  
Now, when she had a date that she let reach the point 
of intimacy, she ended up replaying that evening in 
her mind while making love.  She kept trying to reach 
that same level of erotic tension and release, but she 
never quite got there. 
       
And then, she got the note. 
       
It was in an envelope, marked confidential and slipped 
under her office door.  It was typed. It said: 
     Ms. Thomas: 
     It was me that night.  Don't be scared. I have 
not told 
     anyone about that night and I never will. I am 
sending this 
     note because I think that you enjoyed that 
evening as much 
     as Carol and I did.  You were the sexiest thing I 
have ever 
     seen.  I think about you and jack-off.  That made 
me think. 
     I wonder if you think about what we did and maybe 
sometimes 
     wish we could do it again.  I understand that you 
probably 
     don't want to have sex with me but maybe you 
would like to 
     do what we did? We could get together and look at 
each 
     other and masturbate.  That would be the most 
incredible 
     thing I can imagine.  No one, not even Carol, 
would ever 
     have to know.  Think about it and if you want to 
talk about 
     what we can do then send me a message by putting 
a football 
     cut out of red paper on your classroom door.  If 
you put "Go 
     Team" on it I will come to your class after 
school.  If you 
     put "Win Team" on it I will never bother you 
again. I 
     promise. But please think about it. I will watch 
your door 
     from now until school is out. 
Helen was short of breath.  Of course she couldn't do 
it but what would it be like if she could? She was 
getting turned on, her mind filled with images of what 
would happen. 
Tim started watching Helen's door.  Three days after 
he left the note, he could see a red football taped to 
her door. When he got close enough to see it, he got 
lightheaded.  It said "Go Team."  He started to get 
hard. 
       
Several times that afternoon Helen thought about 
changing the sign and going home sick.  But she never 
quite decided to do so and when school was out she sat 
in her office, waiting in a daze to see what would 
happen.  She was turned on, her mind filled with an 
erotic jumble of what she imagined.  There was a knock 
on her door. 
       
"Come in."  Her voice almost cracked and she blushed, 
embarrassed and excited at the same time. 
       
Tim came in.  She knew him, but didn't know what to 
say.  He shut the door.  He was red faced. 
       
"Hi." 
       
"Tim.  Hi." 
       
"I hope you're not mad that I sent you the note." 
       
"I don't know what I am anymore." 
       
"That night was something I never expected." 
       
She laughed at that.  "Me either." 
       
"What did you think about my note?" 
       
"I don't know.  A part of me was curious about who was 
there that night.  I don't know what else I think." 
       
"I'll leave if you want." 
       
"No.  Not yet.  Let me think." 
       
She tried to decide what she wanted to do about Tim 
and what they had done.  Unbidden images crowded out 
all other thoughts. 
       
"Well," she said, "what did you expect to happen?" 
       
"Whatever you want.  I think you got off that night. 
You know I did.  If you enjoyed that, maybe you would 
enjoy doing something similar again." 
       
"Like what?" 
       
"Ms. Thomas, I don't know.  Would you like to watch?  
Can I watch you?  I am as uncomfortable as you.  I'll 
leave if you want and never mention it again.  But you 
have to let me know." 
       
"We would have to be careful." 
       
"I'll say." 
       
"Okay, come to my house at seven-thirty.  Don't let 
anyone see you." 
       
He smiled, and left. 
Her doorbell rang at 7:25.  It was Tim. 
       
"Hi Tim, come on in." 
       
He stood just inside her door.  When she saw how 
awkward he looked and how nervous he was, a lot of her 
apprehension dissolved. 
       
"Well Tim, we need to talk.  Why don't you sit down " 
       
"Miss Thomas I'm glad you invited me over." 
       
"I don't know why I did. I'm not sure we're going to 
do anything." 
       
"I understand." 
       
"What do you expect." 
       
"I told you I don't know.  Nothing, I guess.  Why did 
you invite me over?" 
       
"Look, I'm sorry, you have to forget I'm a teacher and 
understand that I am as nervous as you." 
       
"Well, did you enjoy that night or not?  You have to 
tell me the truth now." 
       
"Yes, I did."  She blushed. 
       
He smiled.  "I did too, but, I guess you could tell 
that." 
       
She smiled at the memory of his sperm against her 
skin. "Yes, I could tell.  I came too, you know." 
       
He blushed, much to her surprise.  "Look," she said, 
"something happened, okay?  I'm a teacher and you are 
student but in that room we were three people that 
ended up enjoying a sexual experience.  We have to 
forget that we're teacher and student if we're going 
to talk about this." 
       
"Okay."  He took a breath and decided to take a 
chance. "Then, let me tell you that I enjoyed seeing 
you naked.  It was the sexiest, hottest thing I have 
ever seen.  Your breasts are perfect.  I thought I 
would faint when you bent over and put your finger 
inside yourself.  I almost came in Carol's hand when 
you did that." 
       
"And," she said, "when I was laying on the bed and you 
were jacking off, I could feel your balls against my 
pussy.  It turned me on." 
       
They both laughed. 
       
"Well," she said, "I guess we got that out of the 
way." 
       
"Now what." 
       
"I don't think we should have sex." 
       
"Okay." 
       
"But, besides that what would you like to do?" 
       
"Look at you, I guess.  See you naked.  Watch you play 
with yourself if you want to.  Jack off." 
       
"I've never really seen a man come.  I mean, you know, 
up close so I could see what was happening.  I've 
always wanted to see that but could never really ask 
anybody." 
       
"I know what you mean.  I've never really looked at a 
woman in person, until you.  And I was real afraid 
that you did not like it." 
       
"Okay then, here's the deal.  You and I are not dating 
and we don't have to worry about making each other 
mad.  You can ask me to do anything except actually 
have sex and I'll try to do it. I can ask you to do 
anything.  Some touching may be okay, but there's no 
pressure, okay? It stops whenever one of us says it 
does.  Promise?" 
       
"Promise." 
       
"This may be the only time we get together like this." 
       
"Okay." 
       
"What do you want me to do?  Do you have any teacher 
fantasies?"  She was smiling, making a joke, but knew 
by his reaction that she had struck a nerve.  "Its 
okay.  Fantasies are okay.  You have a unique 
opportunity to indulge them." 
       
He was blushing.  "I have fantasies all the time.  Its 
like I am always thinking about sex.  Is that normal?" 
       
"Sure, for a boy at your age.  I have fantasies too, 
you know." 
       
"About what?" 
       
"Well, doing it with certain people, or doing it with 
strangers in unusual places." 
       
"I think about spying on the cheerleaders and watching 
them practice without underwear.  Sometimes I sit in 
class and imagine what it would be like if I was a 
ghost or something and could just walk around and 
touch the girls, or the teacher, without them knowing" 
       
She realized he was sharing his innermost secrets.  To 
reassure him she wanted to do the same.  "I once 
watched a couple of kids sneak off from a pep rally.  
I followed them, meaning to make them go back to the 
gym.  They went into the auditorium. Instead of 
confronting them, I decided to see what they were up 
to.  I followed them quitely.  They went backstage.  I 
went to the other side of the stage.  It was dark and 
they could not see me.  I could see them because they 
were standing under an exit light.  They were 
kissing.  He started to feel her up.  His hand was 
inside her shirt.  I knew I should stop them but it 
wasn't really my business.  She was rubbing his cock 
through his jeans. He sat her on a riser.  She raised 
her skirt and pulled him between her legs.  I started 
to imagine what she must feel.  She had on panties and 
I could imagine what his rough jeans would feel like.  
He started moving against her.  You know, like they 
were fucking, but with their clothes on.  She must 
have come.  I could hear her.  Then they left.  I 
stayed there, turned on.  I could feel that my panties 
were wet.  I took off my panty hose, got on my knees 
and rubbed myself through my panties, pretending to be 
her.  I came like that."  She laughed.  "I had to skip 
the rest of the pep rally." 
       
"That is the hottest thing I have ever heard.  I'm 
lucky if I get a surprise peek up somebody's skirt or 
down their blouse." 
       
"Do you like that?" 
       
"Sure.  I mean, I'm not weird or anything.  I guess 
all guys will look if they get the chance." 
       
"Trust me, us girls do to.  I've had conversations 
with other teachers about how good some of you 
football players look in those tight pants." 
       
"Really?" 
       
"Sure."  There was a pause.? "So . . ." 
       
"I'd be glad to let you watch me come." 
       
"I'd be glad to let you look at me until you come." 
       
"Okay then," she said as she stood up, "do you want 
the lights on or off?" 
       
"On if that's okay." 
       
"How do you want to do this?" 
       
"Could you . . ." 
       
"What?  Go ahead.  Tell me what you want." 
       
"Could you start . . . by just raising your skirt?" 
       
"Of course.  Remember anything is okay.  You would 
probably like it better if I took off my panty hose."  
She reached under her skirt and pulled down her panty 
hose.  She kicked off her shoes and then the hose. She 
slipped her shoes back on and stood in front of him.  
She could feel a quickening.  She was sexually excited 
and growing more so.  His hands had moved to hide his 
erection.  "Take it out and play with yourself while I 
do this." 
       
He unzipped his pants and tugged his cock through the 
opening.  She picked up the hem of her dress and 
started to slowly raise it.  His eyes were glued to 
her legs.  Her panties slowly came into view.  He 
could see the dark, shadowy outline of the hair 
between her legs.  She focused on the swelling head of 
his cock and said "God, this is turning me on."  He 
laughed, short and breathless. 
       
She held her skirt above her waist.  "Do you like 
this?" 
       
"Oh yeah." 
       
"Keep watching." 
       
She turned around and paused so he could see her 
rear.  His cock twitched as he stared at the dark line 
of her crack.  
       
She bent over and put her hands on a chair for 
support, making sure her skirt remained high enough 
not to obstruct his view.  "Go ahead," she said "Get 
closer." 
       
He got on his knees behind her.  She bent over farther 
and spread her legs.  He could see the moistness at 
the crotch of her panties.  They both could smell the 
scent of her excitement.  A drop of liquid oozed from 
the tip of his cock. 
       
She turned around and sat in the chair.  She hooked 
her knees over the arms of the chair.  The silky 
material of her panties stretched tight across her 
crotch.  Fine, curly hairs escaped.  He leaned forward 
to look closely. 
       
"Remember, I want to watch you come so don't let it 
happen yet."  He stopped jacking-off and his cock 
stood red and twitching. 
       
She rubbed the palm of her hand against herself.  She 
hooked her fingers beneath the elastic of her panties 
and pulled them aside, uncovering her sex to his 
view.  He stroked himself a couple of times as he 
looked at her pussy.  Between the lips of her sex was 
a thin seam of moisture.  Using her other hand, Helen 
rubbed her exposed flesh.  She dipped a finger into 
her pussy. It was as though she had turned liquid. 
       
"God, I'm wet." 
       
He was speechless. 
       
She rubbed herself for a moment, darkening her hair 
with the spreading wetness. 
       
"Get naked," she said, dropping her feet to the floor. 
       
He stood awkwardly and started removing his clothes.  
She stood and unfastened and removed her clothes. 
       
She stepped back so he could see her naked and so she 
could see him. 
       
"It won't take me long to come." 
       
"Then let's get on the couch.  You kneel between my 
legs and enjoy the view, but remember I want to see 
you come.  When you are about to come, straddle me and 
come on my breasts so I can see." 
       
She lay with one leg on the floor and the other 
propped on the back of the couch.  He knelt on the 
couch and started to masturbate.  She pulled her knees 
back and arched her crotch upwards.  The way she was 
laying, with her legs spread wide and her pelvis 
thrust upwards, the cheeks of her bottom were spread, 
exposing her anus to his view.  He could see into the 
shadowy darkness of her pussy.  The skin between her 
pussy and her anus was slick with her wetness.  She 
stroked her clitoris with one hand and teased her 
swollen nipples with the other.  They each made 
involuntary groans of pleasure. 
       
"I'm going to come," he said. 
       
"Then move up here." 
       
She dropped her knees so he could straddle her body.  
His balls rubbed against her tummy.  She focused on 
his cock and continued to masturbate herself.  He 
tried not to jerk his cock around as he started to 
come so she could easily see what was happening.  She 
cupped his balls with one hand.  The touch of her 
nails at the base of his scrotum caused an immediate 
reaction. His sperm erupted from his cock.  She 
watched closely.  It surged out and splattered against 
her neck.  He continued to pump and streams of his 
sperm trailed across her breasts.  She came, trembling 
as the waves of her orgasm coursed through her body. 

