Alicia Two. I Have My Own Man! 

Our little four-year-old Alicia continues her stay at the French Estate with Sarge teaching her new tricks. Alicia is taking full advantage of her man's knowledge and experience, and showing off a little of her own. 

Mg, still teasing and fondling. Four years old, remember? 

I have my own man!  Grandpa gave him to me for my very own.  He is mine for all the time I am at Grandpa's estate in France.  He used to do odd jobs for Grandpa, but now he is mine.  He watches out for me and drives me around.  Mum says I am the oddest job Sarge will ever have. 
I wonder what she means by that?  I think she is just jealous because I have Sarge and I know she would like to have him.  I overheard a couple of the maids talking about Sarge.  They would like to have him too.  I wonder why all these grown people want my man?  Well, they aren't going to get him.  Grandpa gave him to me and I am not going to share.  What is it Sarge has that makes him so popular? 
When we were out riding this morning, I asked Sarge what "cum" means.  I had to ask him because I have not been able to get that good feeling down there no matter how hard I rub, and I was getting sore.  I told Sarge I was sore down there.  Sarge took a look after we got off the horses and I pulled my jodhpurs and my knicckers down. 
First he said he couldn't see anything so I had to lie down on a grassy spot while he pulled my pants way down by my boots.  He had me spread my knees way out.  Then he said Hmmm." 
 
He went and got that salve out of his saddlebag.  He made me promise I wouldn't tell my Mum, and then he rubbed the salve on down there.  He rubbed it in my crack and on my tickle bump.  I kind of sat up with my arms holding me so I could watch.  
He told me names for my parts down there that we could call them.  I tried to sit up and see my parts but I couldn't sit with my legs all spread like that, so Sarge took one boot off me.   I got my leg out of my pants, and then it was easy.  Sarge showed me my crack and said that was my vagina, or pussy.  I knew the farm girls called their cracks their pussies.  He touched my tickle bump and I jumped.  That was my clitoris, or clit.  I like clit better `cause it is easier to say.  He showed me my pee hole and my other hole he called my vagina too.  He said I wasn't a virgin, because I had lost my cherry.  I looked and sure enough, I didn't see any cherries either.  He showed me the red spots on the sides where I had rubbed too hard. He touched one and I said, "ouch!" 
Then he very gently rubbed salve on the red parts.  All that felt very good and a little ticklish.  Then Sarge touched me right on my clit!  Now that did feel good!  "OOOH!  I said.  "Yes! Do that.  Tickle me right there!"  And that is what Sarge did.   He tickled my clit with his greasy, slippery finger that was oh, so gentle.  Yet there came a time when the good feelings got intense, and I wanted it faster and harder, and Sarge knew!  I had to lie back down on my back.   Now the good feelings were coming in waves, then they all washed over me and as I thrust my hips up at him to make it harder, I had my cum. 
"Wow!  You sure had a good one, didn't you?"  That was almost exactly what that first man said!  Here was my chance.  

"Sarge, What is a cum?"  

"It is a really good feeling that comes over you when you are sexually satisfied. Most girls don't feel one when they are so young. Hey, how did you know about cum?" 

"A man told me. What is sexually satisfied?" 

"It is like a warm feeling starts here and goes all over your body."  Sarge patted me gently on my pussy. "What man?" 
"My Nanny in Paris had a boyfriend over.  He tickled me a lot, and he said I had a good cum." 

"Why did he tickle you?" 

"They caught me peeking at them on the couch.   He was tickling her big boobies to make her laugh." 

"So then he just tickled you?" 

"No, he put me back in bed and I made him tickle me like he did Nanny.  We kissed too.  He taught me a new way to kiss." 

"A new way?" 

That was when I realized I had not even kissed my new man yet!  What had I been thinking?  I got up on my knees and got my arms around his neck and pulled his head down, and I gave him a really big kiss and used my tongue in the new way.  Sarge used his tongue too.  We kissed three times, and each one got longer and wetter.  Sarge was rubbing my bare butt with his big hands.  That was so much fun!  I decided me and Sarge were going to kiss a lot from now on.  He was going to rub my bare butt too.  That was almost the best part.  Having your own man is great fun! 

Finally we stopped.  We were out of breath.  Sarge looked at his watch, "We have to get back."  He helped me get my clothes back on and brushed all the grass off my back.  
Then we rode back to the manor house. He reminded me again not to tell, but he didn't need to. I never tell. 
I had just a little nap after lunch.  Sarge and I were going back to our swimming hole.  This time Sarge had a towel and his bathers on the back seat when I got in, so I put my bathers and towel next to his.  Then I had an idea.  

When Sarge was busy driving, I pushed his bathers into the crack where the seats meet.  Then I did mine too.  I liked to skinny dip with my man!  
When Sarge parked the car and got into the back seat with me, he looked all over the seat and floor for the bathers.  I said that we must have forgotten them, and we better just skinny dip.  So Sarge helped me get undressed.  When he went to sniff my knickers, he took a really big sniff. I had on the same knickers I had worn to bed last night and all day so far.  Sarge gave me a kiss after he sniffed them, and he rubbed my bare butt with both his big hands while we kissed.  It was a really good kiss. 

Then Sarge got undressed while I watched him.  Boy! His thingy had sure grown since yesterday.  When he took off his underwear, his big old thing flopped out.  Sarge let me hold it and look at it and he told me the names of all the parts of it.  It was his penis or cock.  I liked cock better, so I am going to call it cock from now on.  We pulled the loose skin down the shaft and uncovered the rest of the dark red knob thing.  That was the head, he said.  Then when it stood up straight he said it was a hard on.  He showed me his sack and let me feel his balls.  He said that was where the baby juice or sperm came from.  I didn't think it felt much like balls, but I didn't argue.  I asked him where the baby juice came out?  

I had seen the little opening on the head, and that is where he pointed.  I had seen little boys peeing, and it looked like the pee came out there too?  He said yes, but men couldn't pee when they had a real hard on.  Only sperm came out then.  Just then I noticed the head was a little wet and I saw a drop come out of that hole.  He said that was pre-cum, and it was getting his cock ready.  He took my finger and rubbed it around in the pre-cum to show me how slippery it was.  He said I would make almost the same stuff when I was older.  

Do you know what?  No sooner did he say that than I felt like a little trickle down in my hole part.  I looked and felt, and sure enough, a couple of little drops must have come out of me, 'cause I was a little damp down there.  That was the start of me getting wet down there whenever I think about sex stuff.  

That is what Sarge said.  That we were talking about sex stuff.  I guess that is when two people get all naked like we are and look at each other and kiss and tickle and stuff like that.  Two different people I mean, like not two girls or two boys, but a boy and a girl.  Or a man and a girl, like Sarge was my man so that makes it okay.  

Then we got out to go swimming after a couple more kisses where Sarge rubbed my butt, and I hung on tight to his hard on.  I had great fun, and we hadn't even gotten wet yet, except for his cock and my pussy. 


When we went in the water Sarge lifted me onto his shoulders first so I didn't even get wet until he helped me stand up on his shoulders and I jumped in from way up there.   I did a cannonball and made a big splash!  I like to play in the water with Sarge, but I really like it when we skinny dip.  It is a lot more fun and more exciting to feel Sarge's hands on my bare body.  When he holds me to practice swimming, he puts one hand under my chest with his fingers on my nipple, and one hand between my legs with a finger on my clit.  Oh! What a lot of nice tickling I get then.  

When I am tired from all the screaming and splashing and jumping and swimming we go out and lie on the grass on our towels and let the sun warm us and dry us off.  But first we always have to pee.  Sarge stands to pee, and I watch him and sometimes I get to hold his shaft and then I can make his pee go where I want it to.  Men are so lucky!  When it is my turn, I just have to squat and spread my knees out so Sarge can see.  I tried it standing up but it did not work so well.  After we have peed, we lie in the sun and Sarge gets to tickle me down there until I have a cum.  Then I get to hold his and stroke it the way he showed me and Sarge shoots the baby stuff up in the air when he has a cum.  Then I like to take some of it on a finger and rub it on my clit because it makes it all slippery and nice to rub.  Sometimes Sarge rubs me and I have another cum and then I have a little nap in the sun.  
When it is later, we go into the water again and wash off good, and use our towels and dry off good.  Then we dress and go home. I find our suits on the way home.  We do this for all of the two weeks, and when it is our last day, I beg Mum and Grandpa to let me stay in France with my man, and they let me stay another whole month!  Then I am ready to go because I am going to go and stay with my Daddy and start school.  

I think I might be learning to read. A maid is trying to learn English, and we look at a book together and she says the words and I tell her how to say them right.  Well, today I looked at a book Mum is reading, and I knew what a lot of the words are.  Just the big ones I don't know.  But sometimes I can see letters I know and then I can say words until I know I have the right one because it fits wirh the others.  My Daddy says I am a very smart girl. I think I am too. Maybe when I get to London with Daddy I can read a lot of English books.  I can hardly wait.  

Today Grandpa and I are going back to the English Estate.  I will be there for about a week and then Daddy is coming to pick me up.  I am so excited that I will see him soon.  I love Mum, but Daddy is my favorite person in the whole world.  I shall miss Sarge though.  We sure had some fun this summer.  I felt so sad when I told Sarge goodbye.  We were all alone, so we could kiss our special kisses, and he could rub my bum through my knickers.  Grandpa says I can visit the French Estate on holidays and see my man.  I have to say goodbye to Mum too, as she is staying here for a couple of weeks.  I think she has found a new man too, but her new men don't last very long.  I think Priscilla uses them up too fast.  

We made the trip all in one day.  It is nice to be back on the big estate.  I don't have my man, but the big boys and girls are playing with me again, so I am having fun.  Emily told me they play a new game now.  A boy pretend marries you, and you have a house and everything.  They play it in the tall grass on the edge of the fields, the ones that are not near the houses.  It sounds like a fun game to me, especially when Emily says we cannot tell anyone about our game.  I think I will like it.  We will play that game tomorrow when the big boys come back.  

Today Emily and I played with my wagon.  I pulled her as much as she pulled me.  A wheel got loose and we took the wagon to our blacksmith to fix it for us.  He is a big man and very strong.  His name is Tom Jenson.  Tom Jenson said he could fix the wagon for three kisses from Emily.  I said I wanted three kisses too because it was my wagon.  He laughed and said I was kind of little for kissing, but okay, I would get three kisses too.  He squatted down and kissed Emily while he held her and he put one hand up under her dress and tickled her.  I know he did, because she giggled and twisted and squirmed and her face got all red.  He took a long time on the last kiss and Emily got quiet, and kind of leaned against him while he tickled her.  

Then it was my turn.  He just gave me three quick little pecks and went to let me go.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and told him he had to give me real kisses, and tickle me too, just like Emily.  He laughed and kissed me on the lips, and I gave him some tongue.  He gave me a kind of startled look, and then he gave me some tongue back, while his big hand was rubbing my legs from the knee to my knickers.  I opened my legs up for him.  For the second kiss, he took a bigger breath, and while we kissed, he rubbed me on the outside of my knickers.  The third kiss was even longer, and he stuck a finger up the leg of my knickers and I felt my third man's hand on my private place.  He rubbed my clit with his finger.  When we were done kissing and he let me go, it took Tom Jenson a while to get up.  Then he went to work on the wagon. 

Emily and I sat on the bench and watched and whispered to each other.  She asked me if Tom Jenson touched my pee-pee.  I told her yes, and asked if he touched hers.  She said he touched her pee-pee and then he put his finger up in her hole.  I about fell off the bench!  I wanted to know all about it, but then Tom Jenson told us the wheel was fixed. He said he wanted a bonus kiss, and Emily went right to him and got another real long kiss and his hand under her dress again.  Then when it was my turn, I got a long kiss and this time he felt my hole and stuck his finger tip in.  It had some slippery juice on it, and it went in a ways before he pulled it out.  I wanted to shout to Emily that he did it to me too, but I decided not to do that.  So we said, "Thank You" and "Goodbye" and we left.  We only went around the corner of a barn and then we stopped and we talked about what Tom Jenson had done to our pee-pees.  I told Emily the right word for it was pussy, and she liked pussy too, so that is what we are going to call it from now on.  We both wanted to do more, so we went into the tall grass by one of the fields.  We both took off our knickers so we could spread our legs way apart.  

Emily showed me how to stick a finger all the way into my hole.  She did it first and it felt real funny inside me.  Emily wanted to know what man made my hole big.  I said no man ever put a finger into my pussy before.  She said I must have forgot, because her hole was little until Curtis White had stuck his finger in first and it didn't hurt much, but then Tom Jenson put his finger in and that hurt for a while and there was blood!  We both shuddered when she said blood.  We girls don't like blood.  I asked her did she cry and she said yes.  Tom Jenson put a wet cloth down there and then some salve and gave her a candy sucker.  I thought about the salve my man used on me and I felt sad that I didn't have him to do that anymore until next summer. 

The rest of the time I was waiting for my Daddy to come get me, Emily and I played with the two big boys.  Curtis was thirteen so he took Emily and Jack was eleven so he got me. We played house.  The boys stuck their fingers in our pussies after we took our knickers off.  I had to touch Jack's cock too.  When Jack rubbed his finger in my pussy, I wiggled around so he rubbed my clit too.  I would get the good feelings.  He would tell me to lie still, but I didn't.  I like those good feelings.  I was kind of glad to quit and go with my Daddy.  My pussy was getting sore from all that rubbing. 

End of Alicia Two. I Have My Own Man! 

This link will take you to an index of JimBob's stories.
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/JimBob/



This is a fantasy story. All characters, events and places are only figments of my imagination