Telling It Like It Was

Chapter One

I'm not sure exactly when it started. I do know that as far back as I can remember, Mom and Dad never wore anything but underpants in the house. I also know that Fiona and I were naked until we started school. After that, we wore underpants...only. Most of the time, we didn't even wear that.

Fiona is my twin sister. If it wasn't for the difference in our sexes, we would be identical. If she wore the right clothes, people mistook us for two boys because she has always, and still does today, wore her hair exactly like mine. 

My earliest memory was of us sleeping in the same bed. We had been potty trained and, as was usual, she started playing with my dick whenever we were together. There were a few nights that I woke up, and she had a grip on it in her sleep. That never stopped, even when we started school.

She would grab it whether I had pants on or not. She would even reach into my pants just to hold it. I remember one night that Mom and Dad were standing over us as we slept. It was dark in the room and they didn't know that I was half awake. 

"I don't think that anyone is going to keep that boy's dick out of her reach," Mom said. "Even in her sleep she has to be touching it, just like I used to do with you."

"Just like you still do," Dad said. 

"I hope he's just as gentle with her as you have been with me."

"He will be. We'll make sure of that."

"Yeah, I remember when Daddy had to get on you about it once. Remember?"

I didn't hear an answer, but soon they left the room. It wasn't until several years later that I understood that conversation.

I don't want you to get me wrong. I loved it when my sister grabbed my dick and held it. Sometimes it got annoying, but not very often. I wanted to do something, so I started by reaching up and tweaking her nipples. At first that made her giggle, so I continued doing it. I still do.

We still slept naked, in the same bed, at night. Sometimes in the winter we would wear something, but Dad would usually turn up the heat a little instead. When he did that, sometime during the night we would remove whatever we had on. Fiona would still grab my dick, and I soon started to even play with her nipples at night.

I think it was when I was nine that I walked into the kitchen and saw Dad standing behind Mom. He had his hands around her and was lifting her tits up so she could suck on her own nipples. She had her hand down in the front of his pants. I had never seen them do anything like that before. That gave me an idea

We would generally drop our underwear in our room and go take a shower. Once in a while, especially in the winter, Fiona would wrap a towel around herself and go back to our room and get into our bed. I waited by the door one night with the pretense that I was going to take my shower. 

When she came out, she didn't have a towel around her. I stepped up behind her, wrapped my arms around her and cupped her tits...or what would pass for them at nine years old. She was shocked at first that I did that, and she reached up and grabbed my hands. 

She told me later that she was going to pull my hands away, but the palms of my hands rubbed against her nipples and she liked it. I did that to her from then on. There were even times when she would intentionally come up to me, turn and put my hands there.

One night, when we were ten, she did come out of the bathroom with a towel around her. When she realized that I was there she dropped the towel. I had been late getting to that spot and still had my underpants on. 

"I like it better when you don't have your pants on," she said. She reached back and slid my pants down. "That way your dicky can rub my butt."

"I like it better too," I told her.

There were many a night that I would wake up, or when I woke in the morning, I would be curled up behind her with my hand squeezing a tit and my dick in the crack of her butt. At about ten and a half it was always hard too.

"Do you know that we are the only brother and sister I know that sleep together?" she told me one day. "I know we're not suppose to tell anyone, but I asked around anyway."

"Why did you do that?" I asked her

"I told my girlfriends that I heard of a brother and sister that slept naked in the same bed. The ones that don't have brothers said that it sounded interesting. The ones that do, hated the idea. Only one asked me if we do, but I didn't answer her."

"Why not?"

"I didn't want to lie to her."

"But won't she figure it out?"

"I think she did because she was asking me questions about you later."

"Who is it?"

"Tina Roberts. She doesn't have a brother, and she said that she would want to if she had one."

"It would probably be different if she had a brother though."

"What if I tell just her about us sleeping together?"

"I don't think Mom would want you to."

"She wouldn't have to know."

"Then you would be lying to Mom, and I know how much you hate lying anyway."

"Yeah, you're right."

As it turned out, Mom knew Mrs. Roberts. They had gone to school together, and later were in most of the same classes in college. They were like sisters, but we never knew about it. It also turned out that she knew all about our life style.

The way we finally found out about it was Fiona finally confessed to Mom what she had done.

"If the girls haven't said any more about it, then I suppose they'll all forget about it in time," Mom said. "Mrs Roberts called me about it the other day. I didn't say anything because I was waiting for you to say something yourself. I'm proud of you for telling me."

"Is she going to tell anyone?" I asked her.

"No. Gail and I are like sisters." That's when she told us the whole story. Well...almost all of it. "You and Tina are pretty close, aren't you?"

"I guess. We do a lot of stuff together. She has asked me over for sleepovers and..."

"How would you like for her come over here for a sleepover?"

"I guess. But what about..."

"Her mother knows that you two sleep together, and she's ok with it."

"Does she know that we don't wear anything to bed?"

"She is like my sister. Yes, she knows. She's the one that wants Tina to come. Do you know that she sleeps naked too. She doesn't own any pajamas of any kind." My ears perked up a little more.

"Can she come this weekend?"

"As it turns out, her mother is going out of town this weekend and she asked if we could take care of Tina. She'll be here all week."

Fiona started jumping up and down. That wasn't easy because she was sitting in my lap at the time. 

Sometime after dinner on Friday night the doorbell rang. It was Tina and her mother. We didn't do anything different, like get dressed like we do when we know that company is coming. Mrs. Roberts and Tina walked in with a suitcase. Dad took it from her and set it by the stairs. Then he reached up and helped Mrs. Roberts take off her coat. She didn't have anything but her panties on under it. Tina took hers off too and she didn't even have on her panties.

Mom, Dad and Mrs. Roberts went into the living room and we went upstairs. I had to carry the suitcase.

"So, it was you and your brother that you told us about," Tina said. "Jenny is telling everyone that it's you. I told her to shut her mouth about it or I would flatten her."

"What did she do?" Fiona asked.

"Her mother called Mommy and Mommy told her to tell her daughter to quit telling lies about my friends. She told her that she and your mommy are friends and that you two don't sleep together."

"She lied for us?"

"Would you want your parents to go to jail and have you put into a foster home? You'd never see them again."

"No I don't want that."

"Ok then. This is our bed, right?" She bounced onto our bed and lay flat in the middle. "I don't get up at night so I can sleep next to the wall. Is Nate going to sleep between us?"

"I guess he could. You know that we sleep naked, right?"

"Duh. I know that. I wasn't born yesterday you know."

"Just making sure."

"I usually wake up with my arms around Fiona," I told her. "Don't be surprised if I mistake you for her sometimes."

"I can't wait," she said. "You can wrap yourself around me anytime."

"TINA!" we heard from downstairs. "I'M LEAVING!" It was her mother. Tina was off of that bed and down the stairs in a flash. We followed her.

"I'll be back on Friday," Mrs. Roberts was telling Mom. "And I may take you up on staying the weekend with you. It's been a while for me since Jim went to prison."

Tina ran to her mother and jumped on her as she was putting her coat on. Her mother caught her and had her hands on Tina's butt. I saw her squeeze Tina's butt as they kissed...on the mouth just like Mom and Dad do. She let Tina down, fastened her coat, then left.

"Well," Mom said as she turned to us. "Have we gotten acquainted?"

"Mom, I know Tina from school. I already know her."

"I'm talking about your brother."

"I know her too Mom. She's going to sleep against the wall. They want me to sleep in the middle."

"Is that ok with you?"

"I really don't care. I just want to be able to get some sleep. If they want to sit up and talk all night then I'm going to sleep on the couch." Mom and Dad laughed.

"That would probably depend on what they talk about," Dad said.

"It doesn't matter. I'm not going to listen. I'm going to sleep."







































Chapter Two

"James is my daddy," Tina told us. "We were on the bus and it was crowded. I had to sit in his lap and he put his hand under my skirt on the seat. Someone called the police and they were there when we got off. They arrested him then and they checked me in the hospital. They made it stick because I didn't have any panties on. He had his hand on the seat and wasn't even touching me like he does at home."

"He touches you?" Fiona asked.

"So does Mommy. They both touch my pussy, and it feels good. Mommy even licks me there. Daddy used to too."

"Why do they do that?"

"Because it feels really really good. Don't your parents do that to you?"

"No."

"What about Nate?"

"No."

"I thought at least your mother did. She licks me every time she comes over."

"We didn't even know our parents knew yours."

"Do you want me to show you how to do it?" Tina asked. "I can show Nate, and he can do it after this."

"I...guess. Do you want to, Nate?"

"Let me see Tina do it first."

Tina told me to get off of the bed. I did. She got Fiona into the middle, climbed up between her legs, then pushed her legs up into her chest and apart. 

"Get up here with me, Nate. Mommy usually starts out by kissing me, then kisses my body a lot until she gets to my pussy. We won't do that now. I just want to show you what to do, then you can do it to me so you can show Fiona. Ok?"

"Ok."

Tina got down on her stomach and told me to too. She stuck out her tongue and licked Fiona. My sister jumped a little, and then giggled.

"That tickles Tina."

"I know. It tickled me a couple of times too."

"So, what happens when you lick her?" I asked, almost in a whisper.

"She is going to feel soooo good when you do this to her. Mommy goes nuts on me, and sometimes squeezes my head with her legs and yells."

"Why does she yell at you."

"She doesn't yell at me. She always has a big smile on her face. She used to suck on Daddy's dick too and he did the same thing."

"Did you ever suck on his dick?" Fiona asked.

"I tried it once, but it was too big to go into my mouth. I got a taste of what comes out of him though, and I like it."

"What comes out of him?" I asked. "All that comes out of mine is pee."

"It's white and Mommy said it only comes out when you have sex. They used to do that all the time, no matter where they were."

"Isn't that when a man sticks his dick in a girl?" I asked.

"In her pussy or her mouth. Daddy even put his in Mommy's butt. I tried to stick my finger in mine once and it hurt."

"I did too," Fiona said. "I put it in real slow and it felt good to me."

"Maybe Nate can stick his dick in your butt sometime. Has he had it in your pussy yet?"

"No."

"I thought you two slept together."

"We do. She holds my dick and I hold her titty. We usually fall asleep that way."

Tina was stopping to talk once in a while, but she got down to business now. It wasn't long before Fiona was wiggling her butt around and breathing differently. Then her butt started to bounce and I thought she was going to knock Tina out. 

Finally, after a long time, Fiona clamped her legs around Tina's head, her butt came way up off of the bed and she screamed. As she relaxed I looked up and saw the look on her face. She would have needed a bigger face if her smile was any bigger.

"Wow," my sister said finally. "I never knew..."

"Do you think you have it?" Tina asked me. "Just make sure you take in a breath just before I do that."

"I think... Yeah."

I got down with my face in her open pussy and took a lick.

"I thought it would taste like pee," I said. "It doesn't even smell like it."

"That's because I always wash myself after I go to the bathroom. Even when I poop."

"Yeah. Fiona does too."

I started licking her more, and she was telling me what areas to hit. It took a while, but she finally did the same thing that Fiona did. Her smile was just as big.

"I want you...to be my...boyfriend," Tina said as her glassy eyes looked at me. "I want you to...do that all the time."

"I want a turn," Fiona said as she pulled me toward her. "That's not fair. He's MY brother."

"You're going to have to learn to share this week," we heard from the doorway. It was Mom. Dad was standing behind her with his hands just under her tits, on her chest. "She's going to be here for at least a week."

"What do you mean at least?" I asked.

"She may be staying longer. I'll let you know if she is, later." They turned and went to their room.

"Mommy said the same thing," Tina said. "She wouldn't tell me anything either.

I went down between my sister's legs and didn't stop until her legs clamped around my head and she screamed. I remembered to take a breath.


The next morning was Saturday, so we slept in late. It was ten o'clock when I woke up and I had one arm around Fiona and the other around Tina. They both had their heads on my shoulders and one hand on my chest.

I had been so busy the night before, licking both of them, that I still had my underpants on. I felt one hand and then the other go from my chest to my dick.

"Hello sleepyhead," my sister said. "We want to play some more."

Tina got up, tossed her leg over my legs then reached for my waistband. She didn't stop pulling until my pants were off. Fiona still had a hold on my dick and it was getting hard.

"Do you have to pee or anything," Tina asked me.

"Really bad," I told her as I tried to push her off. She got off and let me go.

When I got back they were kissing. They broke the kiss when I got into the room.

"I was just showing her the right way to kiss. Daddy called it French kissing. We can show you later. Get up here where you were. I want to show you two something I used to do with my daddy. Mommy does it...did it with him all the time."

I lay down on the bed, on my back, the way I was before. Tina told Fiona to get on my legs. When she did, Tina moved my dick so it was on my stomach. Then she told Fiona to move forward until she was on my dick. We both gasped.

"Now, move yourself back and forth on him." She watched as Fiona pressed down on me, then started moving. "Yeah. That's it. I used to love doing this with Daddy."

"This feels really good," I told her.

"It's going to feel even better...for both of you."

My sister kept moving, and pretty soon her eyes shut and her head went back. She opened her mouth and started breathing funny. She grabbed my hands and told me to touch her all over. I didn't need a second invitation. I ended up grabbing her butt and squeezing. 

In the mean time, my dick was getting harder with every pass she made on it. I started to feel something, like a tightening in my stomach. It seemed to go from my spine all the way to the end of my dick. Suddenly, it felt like I had to pee really bad. I started to push my sister off, but Tina stopped me.

"You're supposed to feel that," she said. "You're going to cum. Mommy and I used to lick up Daddy's stuff when he did."

Almost as soon as she finished telling me that I felt it coming. It started deep in my lower stomach and felt like it was a big ball trying to get out of me. It traveled into my dick and shot all over my stomach and Fiona. It was white and gooey and all over us both.

Fiona went crazy on me right after that. She grabbed my chest and dug her nails in, then screamed. Before we could calm down, Tina started to lick up what came out of my dick. She took some on her finger and stuck it into Fiona's mouth. She had a funny look on her face and then it turned into a smile. She took her own finger and started wiping it up and eating it.

"I knew you could share," Mom said from the doorway again. She just stood there watching until the girls had me cleaned up. "I have an idea. Since Tina doesn't even own any panties, we don't want her to feel uncomfortable while she's here. How about if we all take ours off and leave them off?" We agreed, so she stood there and dropped hers. "I'm going to go and take your father's off right now."

"I didn't know girls get hair down there," I said. Mom had just a little patch of it right above her crack.

"We will too," Fiona said. "I think we get more than that though."

"I like yours the way it is. Can you keep it like that?"





Chapter Three

That was the beginning of a whole lot of things we discovered as we grew up. As it turned out, Tina and her mother moved in with us. Because her father went to prison for twenty years, they lost the house they lived in. We went over there the week they sold all of their stuff. When it was over we had a whole empty house to run through. And we did it naked.

Mrs. Roberts first got back the next Friday afternoon. She seemed to be sad about something, but she never told us what. We found out later that her husband had filed for a divorce. That's where she went, and the judge went along with it. 

They still had a lot of stuff that they kept, and we stored it in the second bedroom that we never used. Once in a while we would all go in there and just look around. Tina liked to look at the pictures they had. Sometimes she would be crying when she did.

"I miss my daddy," she'd say. "I miss him touching me."

"You have me," I told her.

"I love it when you touch me or lick my pussy, but it's not the same thing."

"Sort of like you and Fiona. You touch me and suck me different than her." I said.

"Yeah."


We were about twelve and a half. One night we were doing our usual. Fiona was on top of me and moving pretty fast. Suddenly she stopped.

"Why do I always have to be on top?"

"I don't know. This is the way that Tina showed us."

"Is there some way we could do this with us on the bottom?"

"We can try."

She got off of me, then I got up. She lay down and opened her legs.

"Pull them back like he's going to lick you," Tina said. 

When she did I moved over her, got my dick pointing in the right direction, and lay on top of her. I liked that better because I was in control. She said that she liked it better because it was hitting her clit more. 

I started moving pretty fast. I was in the right spot to kiss her, so we started twisting our tongues together. Suddenly, I guess I pulled back a little too far because when I did, my dick dropped down on her a little. When I rammed it forward I slid all the way into her pussy. Her whole body tightened up and her hands almost tore the skin off of my arms. She screamed really loud.

"Don't move yet," Tina told me. "You just popped her cherry."

"Her cherry?" I asked.

"I know you're not that dumb. Her cherry. Her hymen?"

"Oh yeah. I'm sorry sis."

"That's ok. It doesn't hurt as much now. I kind of like this anyway."

I started to pull out of her, but she wrapped her legs around me and stopped me. I pushed back in and we both gasped.

"Move in and out of her, but don't pull it out all the way," Tina said. "Do it again and again. That's how Mommy and Daddy used to do it. That's probably how Mommy and your daddy do it now too."

"They do," Fiona said. "I went in there the other night to ask Mom something and he was doing it to your mom. Our mom was sitting on her head."

"We used to do that too. Daddy would have his dick in Mommy and I would be on her face so she could lick me. Sometimes she would be on top and Daddy would lick me. I liked that better."

"Do you want Fiona to lick you now?" I asked.

Without a word she sat on my sister's face. I don't know who came first, but I do know it was a screaming match between us. Tina came on Fiona's face while I filled her up with what I had. That's when Fiona came.

"Very impressive," Mom said from the doorway. She always seemed to be there. This time Mrs. Roberts was right behind her with her hands cupping Mom's tits. "I think we need to find out if the girls can get on the pills."

"I already know a doctor that will give them to them with no questions asked," Mrs. Roberts said. "You'll have to put them in your name though."

"It's Tina's turn Fiona. Make sure you share," Mom said as they turned and walked off.

"It hurts when he goes in," my sister told Tina. "But it goes away, and then it feels sooooo good."

The girls switched places and I got over Tina. Instead of laying my dick on her, I pointed it to her hole then shoved all the way in. She did the same thing to my arms that Fiona did. That was bad enough, but they were still sore from before. 

"Mom said you already popped your sister's cherry," Dad said from the doorway. "Did you just pop Tina's?"

"Yeah. I'm going to need new arms after this."

"It's ok. It only hurts them the first time anyway."

He stood there and watched as I started moving in and out of Tina. I was in a position where I could see the doorway where he was. Mom came up behind him then reached around and grabbed his dick. She started sliding her hand up and down it. 

Mrs. Roberts came in and sat on the end of the bed. Pretty soon I felt her hand on my butt, and then on my balls. That's when I shot everything I had into her daughter. Tina went wild under me too.


The next thing that happened, happened about two weeks later. By then Mom, Dad and Mrs. Roberts were playing with each other anywhere in the house they wanted to. They even had sex in front of us so we did too.

We were all in their room just before bed. We had all had our showers and were just talking.

"I understand Nate is pretty good with his tongue," Mom said.

"He's getting better," Fiona said.

"I'll bet he's not as good as his father." She was looking at Dad when she said that.

"I know that he's pretty good for us," Tina said. "Almost as good as you and Mommy."

"Would you two mind if he shows me and Gail how good he is?" She was still looking at Dad.

"Can Daddy lick us too?" Fiona asked.

"I'm sure he wouldn't object to that."

Mom stretched out on the bed and I got between her legs. She pulled them up and into her chest, and I dove in. She smelled and tasted different than the girls, but I liked it. Soon I heard the girls pile up on Dad.

It seemed to take Mom a whole lot longer than the girls to cum. Dad had licked Fiona first, and by the time Mom clamped her legs around my head he was working on Tina. Shortly after, that Tina screamed her head off.

Mom settled down and just lay there. Then I felt her hands on my shoulders.

"I think you need to come up here and kiss me," she said.

I got up and slid up her body. When I reached far enough to kiss her, my dick was right against her open pussy. She took one hand and put it behind my head. She took the other one and grabbed my dick. At the same time, I felt her legs come around behind me. She put my dick in place and pulled. I slid all the way into her pussy and she only gasped.

"MOM!"

"I have wanted to do this since I saw you take Tina two weeks ago. Do me like you do them."

I pulled out of her a little, then went back in. I kept that up for quite a while. She started moving her hips a lot and finally started bouncing up to me every time I rammed into her.

"Mom, I'm going to..."

That was all I could get out before I let go. That must have gotten her going too because she went wild. She grabbed my butt cheeks and started helping me jam into her. It was great.

I looked over, as I was settling down, and saw both girls licking Dad's dick. It was too big for either of them to get into their mouth so they just licked it. Fiona finally put her mouth over the head as much as she could when he came. She swallowed a couple of times but still couldn't get it all. Tina helped her lick him clean.

Almost as soon as I pulled out of Mom, Mrs. Roberts dragged me over to her. I slid into her and did the same with her that I had done with Mom. We all fell asleep in their bed.

Fiona and I started referring to Mrs. Roberts as our aunt, so we started calling her Aunt Gail. That was outside the house. In the house we just called her Gail. She turned out to be wilder in bed than any of the others.

I guess we were about sixteen when the other thing happened. We had tried and liked a lot of positions. I especially liked it when I could do something to both girls and get us all off at the same time. One day I had Fiona on her hands and knees and I had my dick all the way in her. I had been playing with Tina's pussy too, and we all got off at about the same time.

That was right after we woke up, and it was the first time that day. I was always hard until after the second or third time. 

Fiona had her chest on the bed by that time, and her ass hole was staring me down. I slipped my dick out of her pussy and aimed it for her ass hole. As sloppy as we both were, I had more than enough lubrication. I got the head at her hole and pushed. I was amazed that the head popped in right away. Her muscles clamped down right away.

"Wait," she said. "Let me relax a little."

She relaxed, and I started again. She stopped me three times before I was all the way in.

"I really like this," she said as she got up on her hands. "You can play with my tits too."

"Wait," Tina said. "I have to get a closer look at this."

She managed to work herself under Fiona and started licking her pussy and my balls. Fiona, in turn, started on Tina's pussy. That was another time that we came together. Tina never even let me stick my finger in her butt, much less my dick.

"I know something that you guys will go wild over," Tina said later. "Mommy is pregnant. She hasn't told Daddy yet." She was referring to our father now.

"Wait," Fiona said. "It could be Nate's too. He's been fucking Gail too."

"I didn't think about that. How do we tell?"

"I guess we don't," I said. "Just to make Dad happy let's let him think it's his." We all agreed.


It was two years later, on our graduation day, that the girls had a surprise for me. Fiona had our little sister, Kim, in her arms.

"How would you like to have one of these that you know is yours?"

"I'd love it. You and Tina can go off the pills whenever you want to."

"We have," she said.

"And we are," Tina added. "Two months worth...Daddy."

Kinsey and Kayla were just the first two. Just a short eleven months later, they had brothers, David and Mathew. That was a start.