Best Laid Plans (Chapter Seven)

Willow could see Cordelia, Wesley and Gunn as she and Angel descended the stairs. Why was she suddenly put in mind of a firing squad?

We who are about to die salute you.

Okay, maybe that wasn’t such a great line to recall since now her mind was awash in images of Angel in gladiatorial gear. For a lesbian, she was sure having way too many naughty thoughts about guys. Well “a” guy, anyway. She just hoped it was the goddess’s way of keeping her faithful to her beloved Tara by distracting her wayward, hormonal brain away from thoughts that might lead to actual badness, because the idea that she might really be lusting after Buffy’s one true love was so not a good thing.

“Angel.” Cordelia’s shrill, commanding tone cut through the fog of Willow’s guilty thoughts and she was suddenly sure beyond all doubt that everything she’d heard about becoming a seer having transformed Cordelia into a far finer human being had to be an absolute load of hooey. That voice was the voice of a girl who made lives hell; it was the same voice Willow remembered slightly (okay, maybe more than slightly) from high school. And yes, maybe she wasn’t being fair, but she simply could not accept the idea that a good-hearted woman - noble, brave, and devoted to helping others - could possibly speak with that voice.

She kind of expected Angel to say something. He didn’t. So Willow figured she’d better not either. They simply stood silent, facing the others, as Willow waited for a cue as to what she should do or say. Her hand was still in Angel’s and she wondered about that, but she didn’t feel like offending him, so she left it where it was.

“So, are we ever going to find out what was such a big deal with you and Willow that we weren’t even be allowed to be here for the fireworks?” There was that voice again.

“Cordelia...” Wesley seemed curiously un-entranced by the girl he used to drool over back in Sunnydale and it suddenly occurred to Willow that maybe the hair gel he’d once used had been at fault way back when. Now that his hair was becomingly tousled, his brain seemed to function much better. Not that Willow was insinuating that being attracted to Cordelia was an indication of some kind of brain damage or anything.

“What? It’s not like you don’t want to know, Mr. Can’t-talk-about-anything-else-for-hours-a

nd-hours.”
Wesley had the grace to blush a bit at that and Willow felt for him. Cordelia certainly still had the cutting tongue Willow didn’t actually remember well at all.

Gunn was as silent as she and Angel were and Willow wondered what he was thinking. She’d barely met him when she’d been here before. How much did he know about Angel? About his soul? About Angelus or Sunnydale or...anything? And how the heck had he wound up as part of Angel’s crew anyway?

“Willow anchored my soul tonight.”

Well, that was one way to announce things: no muss, no fuss. It made sense in a way; Angel was a pretty no-frills kind of vamp. Still, Willow thought maybe some sort of build-up or scene-setting might have helped...or maybe not. Because she was finding it highly entertaining to watch Cordelia’s mouth open and close without, for once, any sharp remarks coming out of it. That fishing book would come in handy right about now since her old nemesis bore a striking resemblance to a bass, at least like the kind of battery operated bass which hung on the wall and sang corny songs that she used to see advertised on television.

Fred had come downstairs as Angel was delivering the news and it was obvious she’d heard. She had a stunned but happy look on her face that was really quite becoming. Willow looked her over and tried very hard to muster up a naughty thought or two to bolster her theory that the inappropriate Angel-lusting was simply a result of sex-deprivation. It didn’t work and Willow was profoundly disturbed. Fred was pretty and shy and everyone said she was scarily smart - that was so her type. It didn’t make sense that she couldn’t picture the two of them naked and sweaty together. What kind of lesbian was she anyway?

Alright, Willow, focus on what’s going on around you and stop worrying about your wonky sex drive for a moment. Angel’s talking here...and still holding your hand. Maybe that’s why... Focus

Unfortunately, giving her undivided attention to what Angel was saying was a bit difficult right now. It seemed that Willow wasn’t the only one who had noticed Angel was holding her hand. Cordelia’s eyes were pointing like lasers at their entwined fingers. Oh my...oh my. Cordelia was...she must be...oh no! Cordelia was in love with Angel. And she was jealous...of...Willow?

It was deja vu all over again and Willow hated herself for how much she was enjoying it this time around. The first time she’d felt horrible, skanky, and evil. But then again, back then, she really had made with the smoochies with Cordelia’s boyfriend. This time, hey, she’d done absolutely nothing (the naughty thoughts so did not count) and after all, Angel had never said a word about being involved with Cordelia, so Willow was completely blameless and thus free to bask in the glow of Cordelia’s envy...until she realized that Cordelia wasn’t the only one who was hurt by seeing this small bit of innocent intimacy.

Fred. Oh no. Now Willow felt absolutely awful. Was everyone lusting after Angel? And why did it have to be Fred? The poor girl had already been through so much what with being a cow in another dimension and all and now here she was, in love with Angel and having to watch the man she wanted holding hands with another girl. A girl who hadn’t even been able to have naughty thoughts about her, to boot. Willow felt like she was breaking some sort of unwritten but inviolate geek girl code...and she wasn’t even actually having any kind of romance with Angel.

Well, there was no way to get her hand out of Angel’s without drawing even more attention to the fact that they were holding hands in the first place and making her look incredibly guilty. So she just looked at Angel in what she hoped was the very model of a platonic way and tried to catch up with what he was telling the others.

“... Lorne did a reading before Willow did the spell, and has seen me since the spell was cast. It worked. He could see it. My soul is...” Angel paused for a moment, overcome with emotion, and looked at her in a way that Willow was so afraid would only hurt Fred all the more. She didn’t worry about Cordelia; that girl could take care of her own wounded pride. “One hundred percent secure.” He squeezed her hand and beamed at her. Willow forgot all about Fred as she basked in the warmth of Angel’s gaze. She was so going to hell.

“That’s wonderful news, Angel.” Wesley’s voice had an odd undercurrent as he spoke and he looked at Angel rather appraisingly. Willow wondered...oh goddess! Was he in love with Angel, too? Well at least now there was a good chance that none of her weird fantasies were her fault. Angel must have acquired some sort of love mojo since Sunnydale (and he’d obviously passed it on to Connor, she thought as she remembered her encounter with the baby). Yay! That meant all of this would go away with a simple clarification spell and she would live happily ever after with Tara and never think bad guy-centered thoughts again. She only hoped Angel’s new-found mojo didn’t work on Xander...that would be way too disturbing. Maybe she should do a clarification spell on Sunnydale just to be safe.

Angel finally dropped her hand as Gunn came forward and embraced him in a blamelessly comradely fashion with nary a trace of UST. Oh no. Her mojo theory was sinking like a leaky bass boat now. Couldn’t he just grab Angel’s butt or something? Was that so much to ask?

“Congratulations, man, that’s great.”

“Thank you, Charles.”

“So, now that you’ve got this permanent soul, what are you gonna do with it?”

Oh great, Gunn’s tone was pure buddy-buddy and he wasn’t even close to hinting that he’d like to take Angel’s newly-anchored soul for a test drive. Darn, darn, darn! Oh well, at least Cordelia was still silent. Of course, she had the sort of dangerous look on her face that Willow vaguely, oh heck, vividly remembered as presaging something spiteful being done...usually to her. Still, this time Angel would get between her and the wrath of Cordy...wouldn’t he?

Perhaps now she ought to take what looked like a good opportunity to step in and destroy any illusions the gang might have about her relationship with Angel. For one thing, Fred was certainly going to feel better finding out that he was going back to his one true love. That had to hurt less than thinking he’d simply picked out a different model geek. And then there was the matter of Cordelia, who would have to be at least slightly mollified by discovering that Angel wasn’t romantically inclined toward Willow after all. Not that Willow was scared of Cordelia or anything.

“He’s going to Sunnydale to give Buffy the good news.” Willow plastered a thousand watt grin on her face as she answered Gunn’s question on Angel’s behalf. She turned to Angel and was a bit taken aback by his expression. He didn’t seem to be on the same page with her at first. Momentarily, however, his expression matched hers, or at least approximated it kind of closely, and he nodded his agreement.

“Yeah, I’m going to Sunnydale.”

“Won’t it be great? You and Buffy can finally be together.”

She had thought that at least Wesley would chime in (Darn Stuffy-Watcher-Guy...he probably still thought that vampires and slayers should never mix...or maybe he just did have a thing for Angel after all), and she was disappointed that Gunn didn’t seem to be terribly enthusiastic about his partner-in-evil-fighting’s long overdue chance at complete happiness with the woman he loved. But at least Angel was smiling. And hey: Fred looked significantly less crest-fallen and Cordelia, while still pissed, had a far-away look that suggested her jealousy was now directed at Buffy, who Willow was pretty sure could take care of herself. So, all in all, she’d achieved her desired objective.

She’d underestimated Cordelia.

“So you go back to Sunnyhell to play house with Buffy, and what? Wesley and Gunn and Fred and I do all the work, I have the visions, which are supposed to be for you, and in the meantime you just have a merry old time burning up the sheets with Little Miss Can’t-Stay-Dead? Hello? And what about Connor? You’re going to just whisk him off to the Hellmouth where anything could happen to him?”

As much as Willow hated to admit it, Cordelia did have the barest fraction of a point. Angel had kind of a sacred duty here in Los Angeles, just like Buffy had a pretty permanent gig in Sunnydale. And maybe Sunnydale wasn’t the safest place for Connor, what with him being sort of a mystical baby and all. Gosh...she really hadn’t thought this through, had she? Oh heck. But Buffy and Angel were destined (weren’t they?) and there would be some way to work this all out. Willow was absolutely sure of it. She was. Really. After all, if it wasn’t so Buffy and Angel could be brought back together, what was the point of Willow finding the spell at all? Okay, maybe that was a really stupid thought because it was a good thing for Angel to have his soul anchored no matter what but...how would she get everyone to forgive her if she didn’t give Buffy her happily ever after?

“Cordelia,” Angel sounded a bit impatient and Willow’s inner bitch let out a bit of a cheer...for which she immediately felt guilty. Her inner bitch, sadly, wasn’t actually all that bitchy. “I will be back in a day or two. I’m not moving to Sunnydale, no matter what. Okay?”

“Good, because in case you’ve forgotten, this is about your redemption and it’s not like we can do it for you.”

Willow was a little uncertain about the whole “need for redemption” thing what with Angel now having a super glued soul, but arguing with Cordelia would be a bad thing, so she kept her mouth shut. The fact that Angel followed the same course only confirmed for Willow the prudence of her silence.

After a moment of extremely tense quiet, Angel spoke. “Look, we’re all tired. Willow and I both need sleep and I am sure you guys do, too. Why don’t we all just go to bed? Willow, head upstairs and I’ll be up in a minute to show you to one of the empty rooms. Wes, I need to talk to you for a minute. The rest of you? I’ll see you before I leave.”

Cordelia humphed and grumbled under her breath but didn’t argue, at least not audibly. Gunn and Fred looked like they thought Angel’s idea might be the most brilliant ever, though perhaps for different reasons. As for Willow, she was mostly impressed that Angel was able to get Cordelia to back down. She should have gotten some pointers from him back in tenth grade.

Angel and Wesley headed for “Wesley’s Magickal Wonderland” (known to everyone but Willow as his office) while Willow and the others trudged upstairs. Angel was right, she really needed to get some sleep. Magick and babbling and old high school enemies could really take it out of a girl.

As she entered Angel’s bedroom, Willow thought that if looks could stake, that last glare from Cordelia would have left her as dead as any vampire, but at this juncture she was too tired to worry about it. It had been one heck of a day. She yawned as she took off her shoes and sat down on the edge of the bed. She was exhausted and sitting upright was suddenly very taxing. Angel had let her lie down on his bed before, he’d even put her here, so she knew he wouldn’t mind now if she just stretched out for a minute and... Before Angel had finished his chat with Wesley, Willow was lying across the bed, fast asleep.

Tbc...