Matt steadies Mohinder as he stands again. With his hands still held fast behind his back, he presses his body flush against Matt’s for support, wriggling in a way that has Matt whimpering under his breath. Matt’s broad palm is cupping his ass, his fingers digging in and pulling Mohinder’s hips tightly against his own. Their bodies rock together, their erections sliding alongside each other. The gun is resting on the top of Mohinder’s ass and he stretches his fingertips down to tickle Matt’s finger, curled around the trigger.

‘Get on the bed.’ Matt growls the instruction in his ear. He follows his words with a sharp, stinging slap to the side of Mohinder’s ass. Mohinder bites off a yelp at the impact, mindful of Molly sleeping down the hall. He drags himself to the bed, reluctant to pull away from Matt’s kiss, his hands and his warmth but eager to feel Matt’s hard cock inside him. He climbs onto the bed, awkwardly, on his knees. The blankets bunch around his legs as he tries to the crawl to a more stable position at the centre of the bed. His entire body is trembling with want and arousal, and he lurches forward, overbalancing and unable to catch himself. Then, Matt is there, pulling him back by his shoulders and keeping him safe.

Matt presses wet kisses along his neck. He massages Mohinder’s shoulder blades, easing the burning muscles. He rubs down Mohinder’s arms and back up again, then traces the barrel of the gun over the undulations of his spine. The revolver catches on the chain of the handcuffs. Matt tugs downwards and Mohinder whines, arching his back as his arms are pulled back further. Just when the pain is about to supersede the pleasure, Matt stops. He lets the barrel roll loosely along the chain and then follows the line of the cuffs around each of Mohinder’s wrists.

He fists his hand in Mohinder’s curls, yanking his head back and to the side. Their mouths meet side-on in an awkward, biting kiss. ‘You’re fucking gorgeous,’ Matt mutters into his lips as he traces the mouth of the gun, feather light, along the cleft of Mohinder’s ass. As the hard metal moves lower, teasing between Mohinder’s thighs and nudging the back of his balls, Mohinder whispers in reply, ‘So are you.’ Their eyes meet and they smile, Mohinder’s lids fluttering closed as Matt teases at his perineum with the gun. He forces himself to open them wide once more, wanting to admire and ogle Matt’s body. ‘Let me see you,’ he pleads.

Mohinder watches over his shoulder as Matt steps back. He places the gun on the bedside table and pulls out the lube and a condom, leaving them on the edge of the bed for later. Matt is still fully dressed, save for his open fly, his trousers and boxers pushed down just low enough on his hips to let his cock stand free. Slowly, he starts to unbutton his shirt. Mohinder’s mouth goes dry as Matt’s solid chest comes into view. His eyes dart everywhere, unable to settle on just one part of the glorious body that makes his heart race and his dick ache. He wants to press his face to Matt’s broad shoulders and sink his teeth into his delicious pale skin. Mohinder wants to leave red welts of ownership as he nips and bites, sucks and tongues his way over every part of him. He wants to tease his fingers over Matt’s pink nipples, so very different from his own. Matt likes them stroked, rubbed and licked where Mohinder wants to be bitten, twisted and pulled. His fingers twitch. He wants to play with Matt’s dark chest hair, twist it around his fingertips and card his fingers through it. He strains against the handcuffs once more. Being restrained and denied what he desires so fervently, that which is usually his to have whenever he wants, only makes his cock feel fuller and his balls grow tighter.

Matt moves to unfasten the holster and slip his open shirt from his shoulders but Mohinder whines. ‘Leave it on. Please.’ His voice is a desperate, broken whisper and Matt smiles at his tone. It is a wicked, sinful leer. Mohinder’s breath catches as Matt strokes the leather straps. He skims his palm down his chest and over his stomach, the soft flesh yielding just enough to make Mohinder want to scream to be released so that it can be his hands caressing him there. Matt’s fingers brush over the coarse curls at his base, but skirt just short of touching his cock. Then, he is shoving his trousers down and kicking the material away, standing bare except for the shirt and holster, solely for Mohinder’s pleasure.

‘Tell me, Mohinder,’ Matt rumbles, fondling the holster once more, ‘how many times did you jerk off, hiding in here and touching this?’

Mohinder flushes and looks away. He drops he head down, biting his lip as a mixture of shame and arousal swirl in his gut.

‘Look at me, Mohinder.’ He scrunches his eyes shut and cracks his neck, before turning back to look over his shoulder. He gasps. With one hand Matt continues to finger the leather and with the other he firmly strokes himself. Mohinder’s jaw drops at the sight and he finds himself swallowing rapidly to keep from salivating. Matt’s grip is confident and there is no trace of disgust or embarrassment as he pleasures himself. ‘Don’t be shy, Mohinder. Tell me. How often did you do this? Hmmm?’ He pauses his ministrations and looks Mohinder directly in the eye. ‘You may as well admit it. I’ve already seen it all in your mind.’

‘Just once,’ Mohinder confesses quietly. Matt starts to rub his dick, lazily, once more. Like every other part of him, Matt’s cock is just that much thicker and just that much longer compared to Mohinder. He can’t help but stare as Matt’s fist glides up and down his shaft, his thumb skating over the flushed head and spreading his pre-come down his length. Matt is breathing more deeply now and when he speaks, he voice is strained. ‘Tell me how, Mohinder.’

Mohinder sits back on his haunches, his ass resting on his heels. He twists at the waist, the better to see Matt as he speaks and watch his display. He licks his lips and casts his mind back to that quiet Saturday morning when to Mohinder’s mortification he had let his obsession get the best of him. One fantasy too far and he had been left to shuffle to the bathroom awkwardly, his back to the living room as he passed and the crotch of his pyjamas soaked through with his own come.

‘I…’ Mohinder starts slowly. Matt nods in encouragement, his fingers moving quicker at the sound of his voice. ‘I snuck in here. I mumbled something about needing to lie down or getting dressed but you didn’t seem to take notice. You were sitting on the couch with Molly, engrossed in something. SpongeBob? Those powder puff things?’

‘Powerpuff Girls,’ Matt automatically corrects. His voice holds the same hint of exasperation that Molly’s does when Mohinder invariably mangles the name or premise of her beloved morning cartoons. For a second they just stare at each other incredulously, and then they are overcome with uncontrollable laughter. Mohinder snorts as he tries to suppress the noise, not wanting to wake Molly and risk her wandering in to catch an inappropriate eyeful. Matt’s hand falls from his dick and, still chuckling, he climbs onto the bed behind Mohinder. He gently turns him so that his back rests against Matt’s torso. Mohinder can feel Matt’s hardness pressing into the side of his ass and as Matt snakes an arm around his chest, tweaking a nipple, Mohinder rocks his hips back. Matt groans. The laughter is gone from his voice. Groping Mohinder’s chest, he presses his lips to his ear. ‘Keep talking.’

Matt lowers Mohinder down onto his front. He snatches the pillows from the head of the bed, nestling one under Mohinder’s stomach and letting him rest the side of his head on the other. He shifts back and lifts Mohinder by the hips. He nudges his legs apart and positions him on his knees. Mohinder lets himself be rearranged and tries desperately to gather his thoughts while Matt’s hands stroke and explore. ‘I shut the door and turned to grab the holster, but it wasn’t on the bedpost where you usually leave it. My heart was racing. I couldn’t think. I thought maybe…’ Matt hums in encouragement when Mohinder’s voice falters. He drops to a low whisper, ‘I thought maybe you’d found out. Hidden it. I thought you were disgusted but didn’t want to say anything.’

Mohinder’s gut cramps as he vividly recalls the feeling, his whole body suddenly tense. But then, Matt’s hands were there, rubbing his back and kissing up Mohinder’s spine. ‘I could never think you’re disgusting,’ he murmurs in reassurance, tugging his earlobe between his teeth. Mohinder could feel Matt’s shirt and the holster pressing into his back, interrupting the encompassing presence of Matt’s skin against his own. He brushes the hair back from Mohinder’s brow and peppers kisses on his face until Mohinder relaxes beneath him.

‘I looked around, desperate to find it. You’d left it on the chest of the drawers. I’ve never ungh—’ The words dry up on Mohinder’s tongue and he loses his train of thought as the pad of Matt’s thumb rubs slickly against his opening. Matt strokes his puckered flesh, circling his hole and pressing against it. He taps Mohinder on the ass, more of a pat than a smack, to remind him to keep talking. ‘I was so relieved. My hands were trembling but all I could think about was how much time I’d wasted freaking out. I was hard. Oh god, I was so hard, Matt, before I even had my hands on it. Then when I did, fuck, I thought I could come just from holding it. I…’ Mohinder trails off, shaking his head.

Matt’s thumb pushes into him, stretching him open. ‘You rubbed your face against it,’ Matt continues for him, describing what he had seen in Mohinder’s memories. ‘Then you reached down and slipped it into your pyjamas. Touched yourself with the leather. What did it feel like against your dick, Mohinder?’

‘Wrong. It felt so bad and dirty. I felt so guilty but Matt… Oh shit, Matt, it felt so good too.’ Matt slides his other thumb beside his first. With both he rubs Mohinder inside, relaxing him and spreading him wide. ‘All I could think about was this. You pinning me down, tying me up and fucking me hard and deep. I imagined you pushing your gun into my neck and I came, just like that. No warning, just one knee-trembling, indescribable orgasm. God, Matt, I was so ashamed. I was such a mess and terrified you would walk in and catch me like that.’

‘Wish I had,’ Matt mutters, slipping his thumbs free and pressing in again with three wet fingers. ‘Would’ve licked you clean and fucked you raw.’ He punctuates every word with a twist of his hand; brushing over Mohinder’s prostate and making him bite at the pillow.

‘Now, Matt! Please, I need you now!’

Matt pulls his fingers free and Mohinder thinks he must set a world record, rolling on the condom and lubing his cock in what seems like no time at all. He pushes inside in one long, deep thrust, rotating his hips against Mohinder’s ass when he is in to the hilt. Mohinder muffles his cries in the pillow. He rolls his shoulders, his arms tensing and pulling against the handcuffs, instinctively wanting to reach out to Matt or to reach down and fondle his own dick.

Matt lifts him by the shoulders and Mohinder lets his head fall back to rest against Matt’s neck. Matt’s hips are rocking, his movements getting more forceful and more pronounced with each thrust. He is pulling and twisting Mohinder’s nipples, dragging his hands lower and caressing his inner thighs. The handcuffs are biting into Mohinder’s wrists as his arms are trapped uncomfortably between their bodies. He hardly notices the pain, though, so overcome is he by the growing heat in his groin. Matt is playing with his balls. He pets them tenderly with his thumb, weighing and rolling them on his palm. Mohinder is writhing and whimpering, small desperate sighs falling from his lips, as he begs, wholly beyond being capable of words.

Matt finally wraps his hand around Mohinder’s cock and just like that shameful morning, with only a few short strokes, Mohinder is blindsided by his orgasm. His body shakes and his vision blurs. Matt slaps his hand over Mohinder’s mouth, grunting when he sinks his teeth into his palm. He comes in hot spurts, soiling Matt’s hand and striping the pillow below him. Matt holds him up, letting his head loll back against his shoulder until his body stops convulsing and his jaw relaxes. Mohinder’s warm, wet tongue is soothing his palm and he can hear him swear breathlessly into his skin. He drops his hand back to Mohinder’s hip and as the other man balances, slumped onto his chest, he slowly starts to thrust once more.

Mohinder’s head rolls forward. Aftershocks are shooting through him as Matt hits his prostate with every push and fondles his softening dick with his now wet hand. The sensations are too much and it’s starting to feel like exquisite torture. He clenches his fists against Matt’s stomach and moans his name in something close to agony. Matt’s hand drops away. With one arm braced on the bed and the other around his chest, he lowers Mohinder back to the mattress.

He rests for a moment and catches his breath. Then, as best as he can with his arms cuffed behind him, he begins to fuck himself on Matt’s cock. He hears Matt say his name. It is a hoarse, strangled moan. Matt grips him by the hips and slides Mohinder’s body back and forth over his cock. Mohinder’s stomach is being coated with his own spunk as he is dragged over the soiled pillow but he doesn’t care. The fingers on his hips dig deeper into his skin, and he is made to ride Matt’s dick harder and faster. One deep thrust and then Matt is coming.

Matt pulls out and collapses beside him. They share the pillow and trade soft kisses as their pulses slow. Matt’s face is flushed, and his hair is sweat-damp, pushed back from his forehead as he runs his fingers through it. He strokes the back of his hand down the side of Mohinder’s face, earning him a small sigh as the other man nuzzles into his touch. With a groan, he climbs off the bed, disposes of the condom and retrieves the key to the handcuffs from their chest of drawers. Matt uncuffs Mohinder, turning him over gently to lie on his back before he strips off his shirt and holster.

Mohinder stares down the length of his own body: he is a complete mess, covered in his own come and sweat. He doesn’t have the energy to clean himself, though. Mohinder feels completely and utterly sated. It is as if, with one blinding orgasm, he has purged his body of all the tension, anxiety and sexual frustration that has been building up. He holds out his arms to Matt, pulling him down again beside him. Matt cradles one of his wrists in his palm and hisses at the red rawness that encircles it. He soothes the damaged flesh with a cautious tongue. Mohinder lets him lave his skin, settling back in the sheets with a contented moan.

‘You’ll have to wear long sleeves for awhile. Sorry.’ Matt kisses him tenderly up his arm, licking at his inner elbow and moving up to rest his forehead against Mohinder’s shoulder. Mohinder strokes his hair with a drowsy chuckle. ‘It was worth it.’

‘Don’t let Molly see, or you’re on your own with the awkward questions.’

Mohinder shudders at the thought, cuddling closer to Matt. His eyes feel heavy and he is close to sleep. ‘I think I’ll pass on giving her the sex talk,’ he decides.

‘It figures,’ Matt mutters. There is a hint of bitterness in his voice and he rolls away from Mohinder’s body to lie on his back, staring straight at the ceiling. Mohinder’s stomach drops and he is suddenly completely awake. He holds his breath and doesn’t dare to move. There is a thick tension in the room that he cannot explain.

‘Matt?’ He asks timidly. His reaches out to Matt but at the last second decides against it and pulls his hand back, wrapping his arms protectively around his chest. ‘What’s wrong?’

‘Do you have any idea what kind of hell I’ve been through the past few weeks?’ Despite his words, Matt’s voice doesn’t seem angry, exactly. He sounds beyond anger – resigned, distant, cold. He props himself up on his elbows and regards Mohinder. For the only time since they had first come together as lovers, Mohinder feels uncomfortable in his nudity. He throws the sheet over himself, but it does nothing to dispel how exposed and vulnerable he feels under Matt’s unwavering gaze. ‘You’ve been distracted and distant. Evading me whenever I tried to figure out what was bothering you… Jesus, Mohinder. I’ve been steeling myself for a conversation that includes the words “we need to talk” and “it’s not you, it’s me,” when you’ve just been freaking out because you wanna fuck around with my handcuffs in bed?’

‘I’m sorry…’ Mohinder trails off. He can feel his own anger building. Why did Matt have to ruin this by picking an argument? Hadn’t Matt seen and felt everything that Mohinder had been going through when he looked inside his mind? For someone who had supposedly been through hell, Matt had been nothing but eager to shove Mohinder into the bedroom and fuck him like he’d begged to be fucked. Before those words can trip, spiteful and furious, off his tongue, Matt continues. ‘That was a one off.’

Mohinder feels like he’s been punched in the gut. Everything that he has been afraid of is coming to pass. He sits up and pulls the sheets more tightly around himself. He feels deceived and betrayed. He would never have agreed to do this if he had known Matt found it so distasteful. Mohinder contemplates getting up and walking out of the room, separating himself from the harsh reality of the situation. But he knows that in the end he would only toss and turn on the couch, unable to sleep for his festering resentment. The longer they sit in silence, the more livid he becomes. To dangle this in front of Mohinder as something he can never have again is a malicious, passive-aggressive trick and one he hadn’t ever imagined Matt would pull. In the darkest corner of his mind he suddenly wonders how much of Matt’s divorce had been the result of his own selfish actions.

‘Well, you certainly seemed to be enjoying yourself,’ he snits when he can no longer hold back his emotions. That, he realises, is the crux of the matter. If Matt can fool him so completely into thinking he had been enjoying himself then what else could and would Matt fool him about: how much he loved him? If he loved him at all?

Matt has gotten up and, slipping on a fresh pair of boxers, paces the room. He glares at Mohinder incredulously. ‘For fucks sake, Mohinder, I’m not talking about the sex.’ He hisses the last word under his breath, catching himself as his voice starts to rise. They pause and listen, but Molly doesn’t stir. ‘If you wanna be tied up, tied down, spanked, slapped, whatever – I’m up for that. But this isn’t about the sex, this is about the fact that you are so incapable of communicating that you drove us both insane for nearly a month! I shouldn’t have to read your mind to understand you. If we can’t even speak honestly about this then what hope do we have?’

Matt sits on the edge of the bed and holds his head in his hands. His final words are spoken with a desperate helplessness that mirrors what Mohinder feels exactly. Where before he had been consumed with rage, now he is filled with remorse. He lays a hand tenderly on Matt’s shoulder. ‘I’m sorry, Matt. I… I was scared. I love you so much and I just… I didn’t want to make you do something you might not want to do.’

‘I love you too, Mohinder.’ Matt turns to face him. His jaw is set. ‘But I also loved Janice and I know she loved me back. Mohinder, love on its own isn’t enough. I wish it was but I have a failed marriage that tells me it isn’t. We’re going to have enough problems with two demanding, dangerous jobs and raising Molly without making it harder for ourselves. For someone who thinks so much about fate and… what was it? Kismet? You don’t have much faith in us if you think wanting to try something kinky is going to drive me away.’

With a sigh, Matt stands. He picks up the gun from the bedside table and fishes the bullets from the pocket of his soiled suit trousers. He stares at the revolver in his palm for a moment then mutters, ‘I’m gonna lock this away and take a shower.’

Mohinder watches him leave and then slumps back against the sheets. Matt is moving quietly in the hall, placing the gun in the safe. His every muted movement is all Mohinder can focus on. He feels so lost and confused. The clock catches his eye and he can hardly believe it is only one am. It feels as if an eternity has passed and a thousand conflicting emotions have been experienced.