PAUL IN THE FARM

BY SUBBOY PAUL

Part 4

On the following Tuesday it was raining hard when the
fourteen-year-old Paul made his way to the farm. He had a mixture
of feelings, on the one hand he was dreading the punishment he
was to receive from Julie and her two young daughters, but on the
other hand there was the excitement of being naked in front of
the two girls, especially Sally who although she was only twelve
was very pretty.

When he arrived Julie met him at the door. "You wont be able to
work outside today, it's much too wet. But there are jobs to be
done in the buildings. Go over to the cow shed, the girls are
there already, I'll be over in a few minutes." She said pointing
to a large building on the far side of the farmyard.

Paul set off towards the cowshed. When he got there he found
Mandy and Sally dressed in shorts and tee shirts cleaning some of
the equipment. They had just finished setting up two hidden
cameras to record today's activities. "Hi," said Mandy, "I'm glad
you've turned up we've got to clean the shed up ready for someone
to come and see it tomorrow. I didn't fancy having to hose down
the walls, you get wet and filthy doing that."

"Mum wont get him to do that dressed in those cloths will she?"
said Sally, a cute twelve year old, looking at Paul who was
dressed in jeans and a waterproof jacket. "It will really mess
his cloths up."

Just then Julie walked in. "I think your right Sal," she said,
"Go and fetch him those old wellies from the back kitchen."

Sally set off to the farmhouse.

"Have you brought a change of cloths with you?" Julie asked Paul.

"No, I didn't think I'd need them." Paul replied.

"Well Sally's right you're going to get all messed up," said
Julie, "we've only got girl's clothes here, I'm sure you wouldn't
want to wear girl's things, and anyway I don't think they would
fit." She was beginning to see an interesting way out of the
problem. "You'll just have to work in the buff, that way you can
just wash yourself off afterwards. It's not cold in here so it
won't matter."

"But, do you mean that I'll have to spend three hours working in
the nude?" Paul asked concerned.

"What did he say?" asked Sally who had just returned with the
Wellington boots she had been sent for. "Doesn't he need these
boots?"

"Oh I think he had better put the boots on," replied Julie,
"otherwise he might hurt his feet and we don't want that do we?
Come on Paul, get your things off and get to work, we've got a
lot to do."

Paul didn't know what to do. What Julie had said about not
getting his clothes dirty made sense, but it would mean him being
naked all morning. He figured out that he would be naked later
when they punished him so he set about taking off his clothes.
Paul's next problem was where to put his clothes that was clean.
Mandy, Julie's fourteen-year-old daughter saw his problem and
offered to take them into the house for him. As before the simple
act of undressing in front of three females gave Paul an
erection. Once naked, and with his Wellington boots on, Paul was
sat to work with a hose and a brush.

Paul had been working for only about half an hour when Julie
called a break. "Paul, stop what you are doing, you're getting
water everywhere and not making much impression on the dirt." She
said, keeping out of the mess the boy had made. "Put the hose and
brush down and come here. Girls, you get over here as well."

When the three were next to her Julie continued to speak. "Paul's
having a problem concentrating on his work. I think I know what
the problem is, it's this erection isn't it Paul?" She said
pointing to the boy's prick that was stood up hard. "Now you know
you'll feel better if you bring yourself off." She added without
waiting for a reply. "Just sit on this straw and relieve
yourself. We won't mind, will we girls?"

"No" the two girls said in unison.

Paul didn't know what to do. It was true his prick had been hard
since he had taken off his clothes; it was also true that he
desperately wanted to come, but he didn't really want to do it in
front of these three females again.

All Paul's dithering began to annoy Julie. "Come on we've got
work to do, get on with it." She instructed Paul.

Reluctantly Paul sat on the bail of straw, wrapped his hand
around his prick and began to pump it up and down. Mandy and
Sally moved closer, determined to see all the action. Indeed
Sally was so close that her bare thigh touched Paul's leg as it
hung over the end of the bail. It didn't take Paul long and soon
he felt that lovely tingle and then he squirted his cum across
his legs and onto the straw. Sally, who was bent towards the boy
jumped back as his cum shot out.

Julie set Paul back to work cleaning the cowshed. She had been
right, it was a messy job. If he had been wearing clothes they
would have got very dirty as the water and dirt splashed back at
him. For over an hour he got on with his work and the girls kept
away from him, and then Sally called to him. "Paul, stop for a
bit and have a drink." She said as she waved a bottle in his
direction. "You must be getting quite warm, I am." Added the
twelve year old as she mopped her brow. Paul looked at her and
immediately his penis began to swell. By the time he was next to
her he was hard again. He tried to ignore his prick and took the
bottle from Sally to have a drink.

Following his short break Paul continued with the hose and brush.
His erection kept bobbing about in front of him and both girls
managed to find reasons to get much closer to him, which didn't
help his concentration.

Paul had nearly finished his task when Julie came back to the
cowshed. "Your three hours work time are nearly up, you've not
done too bad a job there." She said. "Just finish that corner
then make sure all the water has gone down the drain then come up
to the top end for your punishment."

Mandy and Sally helped Paul brush the water away, taking the
opportunity to have another look at the naked boy. Paul was wet
and dirty following his efforts. "You're filthy dirty!" exclaimed
Sally. "Mum he needs a wash." She said as the three moved towards
the raised part of the shed.

"Um, your right." Julie agreed with her youngest daughter. "Get
the hose Sal, Paul just stand against the rails so the water runs
down the drain." She said as she pointed at the rails between the
stalls. "And take your boot off first."

Paul did as he had been told. Sally fetched the hose and looked
at her mother. "What should I do?" She asked confused.

"What would you do to your pony?" Julie said, answering a
question with a question. "I suggest you hose him down."

Sally turned on the hose. "Come on stupid," She said to Paul as
she pointed the hose towards the naked boy, "put your arms out to
the side so that I can hose you down properly." Sally played the
hose over Paul's front, paying more attention that was necessary
on his groin area. The cold water had little effect on his hard
prick. "Turn round so that I can do your back." Sally didn't take
as long on Paul's back as she had done on his front. "Ok, is that
clean enough?" She asked her mother.

"I think so," replied Julie, "but he's too wet to go over
anyone's knee for a spanking yet. He'll have to dry off a bit
first."

"If he jumps up and down he'll dry off quicker." Said Mandy, who
had enjoyed seeing the way Paul's prick had bounced about when he
jumped up during his caning.

"Your right," agreed Julie, "come on Paul, Jump up and down, do
star jumps, I'm sure you must do that at school. It will dry you
off and keep you warm."

Paul began to jump up and down moving his legs apart and waving
his arms about in the air. He was very conscious of his prick
that was waving away in front of him. The two girls, and their
mother, were also very aware of the appendage.

"That's enough," said Julie to a much-relieved Paul, "it's time
to get over my knee." She added as she sat down on a bail of
straw.

Paul draped himself over Julie's knee and waited for his spanking
to began. "Lets see now," said Julie, as she began to gently rub
Paul's bottom, "At the end of your session you had 25 strokes
left, but we had rounded it down from thirty seven and a half,
then you've had a break so that 25 percent extra to add on so
that comes to thirty two strokes still to come." With the
arithmetic done Julie began to slowly and methodically spank Paul
covering the boy's entire naked backside with imprints of her
hand. She didn't want to do too much damage as the girls had to
have their turn. "Ok, Mandy, I think it's your turn now, sit here
and carry on his spanking."

Mandy sat down and Paul got off Julie's lap and went obediently
over Mandy's lap, his prick was against the girl's bare thighs.
Mandy didn't give Paul time to enjoy the contact before beginning
her spanking of his backside. Julie concentrated on the top of
Paul's buttocks landing all her spanks in a very small area.
Sally stood and watched waiting for her turn to get her hands on
the naked boy's body. Soon she got her chance. When Paul laid
himself over Sally's thighs she wriggled her thighs under him and
put her hand on his naked bottom. She took her time getting Paul
in the correct position with his feet off the ground and his head
low down on the other side of her. In this position, and with
some extra thigh wriggling from Sally, Paul's prick was between
the young girl's thighs. From here Sally could easily land her
spanks on the lower part of Paul's bottom and the top of his
thighs. Sally soon had Paul's upper thighs as red as the rest of
his bottom. She wanted to work on this area later as she had seen
the effect it had on Paul.

"That's enough." Said Julie brining a halt to Sally's tenderising
of Paul's upper thighs. "It's time for the strap an cane."

Paul welcomed the news that the spanking was to come to an end
but not the reminder that he was due for a strapping and caning.
Sally stopped spanking the boy but took the opportunity to stroke
and rub the naked bottom in front of her and by moving her thighs
rub his hard prick.

"Come on Paul, get off Sally's lap and get bent over the bails."
Julie told the boy.

Paul got off the bare legs of the twelve year old Sally and bent
over the bails. Julie picked up the strap and moved towards the
bending boy. She had to admit he looked cute but helpless in this
position. His bottom was quite red from the combined spankings he
had received. Julie lifted the strap and brought it down firmly,
but not as hard as she might have, across the fullest part of
Paul's buttocks. Quickly Julie repeated her action then handed
the strap onto her eldest daughter. Mandy took Julies place by
the side of Paul and took her time giving Paul three strokes of
the strap. She started low on his bottom and moved up each time
she hit him. Sally couldn't simply take her sisters place, as she
was left-handed. So she made Paul stand up and bend over with his
hands resting on the straw. As he stood to adjust his position
She could see his prick was still hard. Sally wasn't happy with
Paul's position and took the opportunity to touch the naked boy
in order to move him. Eventually Sally was satisfied with Paul's
position and began to apply the strap firmly to his bum cheeks,
adding the sting of her four strokes to those of her sister and
Mother.

By the time Sally had finished strapping Paul Julie had picked up
the cane. Today she seemed in undue haste to punish the boy. The
sight of him bending over with his hands on the bails of straw
spurred her on. As Sally lifted the strap from her fourth stroke
Julie whisked the cane down low across Paul's upper thighs. Paul
wasn't ready for this as he expected some warning and jumped up
clutching his hands to his bottom. As he jumped about reaching
behind him his prick waved about in the air for the three females
to see. Paul didn't need telling to bend over again and as soon
as he was back in position Julie landed the cane hard against the
target in front of her. This time Paul was ready and remained in
position.

Julie handed the cane over to her eldest daughter who took her
time giving Paul her quota of three strokes. She worked from the
top of his cheeks to about half way down. Paul remained in place
throughout. Sally took the cane from her sister. She was
determined to make more impression on the naked bending boy. She
aimed lower and her first two strokes landed on the bottom of
Paul's bum cheeks. Paul still managed to remain in position much
to Sally's annoyance. Sally brought the cane back and fetched it
in as hard as she could. It landed right across the previous two
with the tip landing in the crease where the boy's buttocks
joined his thighs. This was too much and Paul shot up grasping
his naked bottom with both his hands as he bent backwards. This
gave the three females another good view of his still erect prick
as he did a little dance. Paul stopped his actions and bent over
again ready for the last stroke in this batch of what Julie
classed as six, but due to the way she had increased the number
her daughters gave due to the fact they were 'only girls' and
Sally's 'only young' was actually nine strokes. Sally took aim
and managed to whisk the cane right in the join between buttocks
and thighs. Again Paul shot up and danced around clutching his
backside with his prick waving around for all to see. Julie hoped
the girls had set up the cameras so they could see the action.

Julie let Paul rub his tender bottom and have a bit of a break
before trying to decide where to position the boy next. As she
looked around the cowshed an idea formed in her head. "As you
don't seem to be able to remain bending over, but seem to prefer
to stand up I think we'll give you the next instalment with you
stood up. To help you remain in place you can hold onto that low
beam." She said, pointing to a beam that was about six inches
above Paul's head height.

Paul moved to where Julie was pointing and put his hands on the
beam. In this position he was fully in view both front and rear.
Julie took up the strap and whacked it across the lower part of
Paul's bottom. It landed just where Sally had crossed the two
cane strokes. Paul's hands left the beam and flew to his bottom.
Sally, who was stood in front of Paul, had the pleasure of seeing
him thrust his hips and prick forward.

"That's no good at all." Said Julie. "If you're going to let go
every time we hit you we'll be here all day. I'll have to tie
your hands to the beam. Mandy fetch me that rope will you."

Mandy gave rope that had been laying on the straw to her mother.
Julie took it and tied Paul's hand to the beam so that they were
about three feet apart. "Right now we can get on, but first I
want to make sure we get a record of this for posterity. Sally,
Mandy fetch the video cameras."

"No!" Exclaimed Paul. "You can't video me naked. That's not
right."

"We can and we will." Replied Julie. "Just you remember who it is
who's being punished by us rather than getting into trouble with
the police."

The girls fetched the cameras and set them up one in front and
one behind the naked boy. Paul was mortified by this new
development.

When Julie was satisfied with the arrangements she gave Paul his
second stroke with the strap before handing it to Mandy. Mandy
let Paul have three hard strokes and was rewarded each time by
seeing him wriggle his hips about. Sally, who was still stood in
front of Paul, watched with interest as his prick waggled about.
She was so absorbed she almost forgot it was here turn with the
strap. When she came to her senses she took the strap from her
sister and began to whack it against the naked flesh offered to
her. She still didn't have her mind on the job and the strokes
landed with much less force than they might have.

Julie noticed Sally hadn't hit Paul as well as she might and when
she picked up the cane offered her daughters some advice. "With
him in this position you have to hit differently." She explained.
"It's no good brining the cane downwards it has to come in
horizontally, like this." With that Julie brought the cane in
hard against Paul's bottom.

Paul gave out a yell, his feet danced about and his hips wriggled
backwards and forwards and from side to side. Both girls looked
on as he wiggled about on the spot. Julie's second stroke had
less of an effect on the boy as he was more prepared for it.
Mandy took the cane from her mother and took up position. She
took the cane out and brought it in as her mother had described.
In this position Mandy found the cane landed higher up than she
had aimed and her first stoke didn't have much effect on Paul her
second attempt was much better and landed across one of the
previous strokes. Paul did a little dance animating his hips in a
rude display for Julie and Sally who were both stood next the
camera that was recording the action from the front. Her third
stroke landed lower still causing Paul to wriggle even more.
Sally hadn't taken much notice of how her mother and sister had
caned Paul as she was absorbed by the site of his naked prick
waving about in front of him. When she took her turn with the
cane she was less than effective and Paul's reactions reflected
this.

The caning over Julie let Paul remain in position, naked with his
hands tied to the beam just above head height. His prick was
still standing up hard in front of him. "It looks like you want
to cum again." She said to him as she ran her hand over his
chest. "The problem is you can't reach this with your hands tied
above you can you?" She continued as she took hold of his prick.
"Would you like me to do it for you? It would make good education
for the girls." She added as she moved round behind him and, with
her body pressed against Paul's back, began to stroke his prick
up and down. Both girls looked on quite shocked at their mother's
actions. After the initial shock at having someone else touch his
prick Paul found Julie's actions more than a little pleasant.
Indeed he was finding it very pleasant, yes very pleasant indeed.
It had been a while since Julie had her hands on a prick but very
soon she had Paul spurting his cum over the floor in front of
him.

Julie let Paul recover before untying him. "It's lunch time, you
had better get dressed and go home." Julie said. "But don't
forget to come back on Friday."

"But my clothes are in the house." Said Paul.

"Then you'll just have to walk across the yard and get dressed in
the house." Paul knew not to argue and, accompanied by the to
girls, set off to the house where Mandy gave him his cloths. Paul
dressed and left without saying anything.

That evening Julie sat down in the lounge with her daughters to
review the tapes. She pointed out to Sally how ineffective she
had been with the strap and cane when Paul was tied up. She also
pointed out how she had made Paul cum. "I'll let you two do that
next." She promised the two girls.

