Part 14

Peso and Pony grazed side-by side in the deep grass along a narrow creek that would dry up as soon as the real summer heat began, both of them still saddled even though their bridles hung from their saddle horns. Neither gelding was hobbled or tethered in any way because they would stay within sight of their riders, and Pony would come when he was called. Peso might or might not come when Vin whistled, depending on his mood, but he at least wouldn’t run away.

Blue was grazing hobbled nearby, lifting her head to look towards her rider occasionally but otherwise not seeming to care about the sound of shooting as Vin and the boys worked with the carbine. She probably would have stayed even without the hobbles, but Chris and Vin hadn’t wanted Danny to trust in that until the mare had longer to get used to her young rider. Blue was fast and had almost as much bottom as Peso, and Chris and Vin wanted no part of having to run her down if they were wrong and she decided to bolt.

Chris turned his attention from the horses back towards Vin and the two boys, smiling as he got a bit more comfortable against his tree. As far as he was concerned, Vin was doing a damned good job of teaching Billy and Danny all they needed to know about the care and usage of a Winchester carbine. He had shown them how to load and unload it, how to check it for ammunition and tell how many shells were in the loading tube, and how to clean it. They had learned how to hold the empty rifle when they carried it, when they rode, and when they fired, and Vin had made sure both boys understood you never point a gun, even one you don’t think is loaded, at anyone you don’t intend to shoot.

Billy wasn’t allowed to shoot so Vin had fired several times with Billy watching closely, and then he quizzed Billy until he was sure the boy knew exactly how to handle a gun if he needed to. Danny finally got his turn then, and soon Billy was standing back a few feet and watching while Danny took careful aim on the cans and fired. Danny was a terrible shot at first because he couldn’t quite get his eye lined up with the rifle, and Vin wound up having Danny switch sides with the rifle to try the other eye. That went a lot better, and it wasn’t too long before Danny was hitting the cans as often as he missed. They were only thirty feet from where the boys stood, and Chris knew that Vin could use the same carbine and hit the cans from a hundred yards easy, but it was a real accomplishment for Danny.

Chris heard a horse and buggy on the nearby trail but he ignored it until he heard the horse leave the trail. He turned his head to look then and had to stifle a groan. Just his luck, the one person he least wanted to see at the moment. Well, except for Buck. He just was not up to trying to tiptoe around either one of them, not when he had finally been enjoying himself again, dammit.

“Good afternoon, Chris,” Mary Travis called with a warm smile, trotting her buggy horse right up to stop the chestnut gelding less than five feet from Chris. The gelding snorted and stood fairly quietly, but his ears were pinned and his posture gave away how tense and annoyed he was. “I came out to see how things are going.”

“Afternoon.” Chris tipped his hat to her slightly but made no move to get up, glad that it had rained so much recently. If it hadn’t, he would have been choking on dust, as close up as Mary ran that buggy horse of hers. The woman was always doing things like that and pretending not to notice when she left people coughing and choking in her wake. “It’s goin’ fine, Mary, but you oughta let Billy shoot too. Boy’s old enough he needs to know.”

Mary’s smile shifted into a firmer look. “Thank you for your advice, Mr. Larabee, but I can’t agree. I don’t want Billy to grow up thinking he can find his answers in a gun.”

Chris snorted at so quickly becoming Mr. Larabee again and looked away from Mary to watch Vin with the boys, trying to ignore the urge to jump up and stalk away. If he did she’d probably just climb out of the buggy to follow him, and then she’d give him a guilt trip for making her do it. He was better off just sitting where he was until she left again. She had such a short attention span for anything she didn’t consider important that he knew it wouldn’t take long for her to get bored and leave. “Man’s got to protect himself and his family, Mrs. Travis, and put food on the table. Rifles are good for that.” He glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, adding dryly, “Been more’n once I’ve seen you totin’ a gun, come to think of it.”

Mary huffed slightly. “Only when I didn’t have a choice.”

Chris looked back at her, grey-green eyes narrowing. “And did you learn safely from somebody who knew, or by pickin’ one up when you had to have it and wastin’ precious time fumblin’ through?”

Mary drew herself up a bit taller and said primly, “I did not fumble. It merely took me a moment or two to figure out how to work my husband’s shotgun. I didn’t know the hammers had to be back to fire.”

Chris decided to hell with it and stood up, dusting his ass off with his hat. If she followed, she followed, but he was going to at least try to get away. Sometimes she actually took the hint. “A few minutes might be more than Billy has some day. Be a damned shame to bury the boy because you’re afraid of guns.” He turned away to walk over to Vin and the boys, jamming his hat back on his head. Stupid woman, wanting to live in frontier country like it was back east. It was a wonder she had survived as long as she had.

Vin gave him a little grin as he got closer and murmured, “Got tired of talkin’ already, cowboy?”

Chris snorted, amused despite his annoyance at Mary, and didn’t particularly try to keep his voice down. If Mary wanted to be nosy and listen in, then she deserved whatever she heard. “Hell, she don’t want to talk, she just wants to complain about guns and us terrible men that use ‘em.”

Vin and Danny both snickered at that and Billy muttered, “Momma’s got ideas about getting rid of all the guns someday. I don’t see how she ever could, but she sure wants to.”

Chris reached out to ruffle Billy’s hair, smiling slightly. He liked having Billy around, despite how often Mary tested his gentlemanly aversion to hitting a woman. “A lot of city folks do, Billy, but you just can’t live out here without knowin’ how to shoot. Not yet anyway.” He looked at Vin. “You about done with these two for the day? You’ve been workin’ them most of an hour.”

Vin grinned. “Billy knows as much as he’s gonna without shootin’, an' Danny’s hittin’ the can more often than not. I reckon we done real good for a first lesson.” He looked at Danny, asking, “What do you think?”

Danny grinned. “I think that’s fine if you don’t mind me riding into town again soon for another lesson. Ma’s wearing that Peacemaker Mr. Larabee said she should carry, so I figure she’s safe enough for me to leave her. She won’t let me touch any of our guns until you say I’m ready for it, so there’s not much I can do until then if there’s trouble again.”

Vin reached out and put his hand on Danny’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “How ‘bout we figure on a lesson day after tomorrow? That’ll give me an’ Chris time to catch up on what we let slide last week, an’ you can get your chores done ‘fore you ride in.”

Danny nodded quickly. “That’d be fine. Where do I find you?”

“Prob’ly either on the boardwalk or in Ezra's saloon,” Vin replied, smiling. “Look for Peso and Pony, me an’ Chris won’t be far off.”

“Could you talk to Momma about letting me come too?” Billy asked suddenly, drawing everyone’s attention to him. “She’s got me working at Mrs. Potter’s store all week because of that stupid pony losing his bridle.”

“I can’t get you out of your punishment, Billy,” Vin said, amused. “Your ma’s right set in her ways, an’ she don’t much like me teachin’ you about guns to begin with.” Vin leaned a little closer to Billy with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes and added, “Doesn’t like me much either, come to that, not since my horse ripped the back out of her dress.”

Danny and Chris both snickered at that, but Billy sighed and drooped a bit. “She has been real mad about that. It’s not like she didn’t know Peso hates everybody but you and Chris.”

“Don’t worry, Billy, we’ll teach you later,” Chris said, smiling. “You’ll just have to give us time to pester your ma about it.” He grinned at Billy. “I’ll sic Josiah on her. If anyone can convince her, it’s him.”

“Or maybe Ezra,” Vin agreed, grinning. “Mary’s right taken with his manners.”

Chris snickered and nodded, giving Vin an amused look. “Most ladies are.”

“Billy!” Mary called suddenly, impatient. “Come along, it’s time to go. I am sure that Mr. Larabee and Mr. Tanner have something in town that needs their attention.”

Chris chuckled and rolled his eyes, then patted Billy’s back and nodded towards Mary. “You might as well go on, son. I’ll talk to Josiah and Ezra and see if one of us can’t talk your ma into it, but I ain’t makin’ no promises.”

Billy beamed up at Chris. “Thank you, Chris!” He hugged Chris’ waist and then turned away and ran to the buggy to climb up next to Mary, who was watching Chris and frowning.

Chris smiled and tipped his hat to her as he called, “Afternoon, ma’am. Drive safe.” He turned away again and muttered, “Silly woman.”

Danny snickered. “Pa used to say all women are crazy.”

“And he was right, too,” Chris agreed immediately, grinning at Danny. “Never met a woman yet who didn’t act like she snacked on loco weed every once in a while.”

Vin snickered and reached for the carbine, taking it from Danny and then leaning it over his shoulder as he started towards Blue. “C’mon Danny, let’s go get you headin’ home. Me an’ Chris evidently got work to do yet today.”

Danny hurried after Vin. “What kind of work?”

“Well, JD and Buck ain’t had much time off the last week while we was gone,” Vin said, “and we’re about out of supplies out to Chris’ place—“

“Our place,” Chris corrected, following Vin and Danny as he heard the buckboard pull away. “Yours as much as mine, partner. You've put just as much sweat and blood into buildin' it as I have.”

Vin glanced over his shoulder at Chris, grinning and obviously pleased. “Our place, then.” He looked back the other way at Danny and went on, “Anyway, we’ve got a barn t’ finish yet, and fencin’ to do. There’s always somethin’ we should be doin’.”

Danny made a face. “Sounds like our place. We never seem to get ahead of the work without something breaking or falling apart.”

Chris chuckled. “That’s the way life is when you’re farming or ranching, Danny. You spend your life gettin’ up with the sun and working until you’re about ready to drop.”

Vin looked back at Chris again, grinning as he stopped to wait for Chris to catch up. “Sounds like you ain't so fond of it there, cowboy.”

Chris laughed and gave Vin a shove towards the horses. “I never said that, just that it’s a hell of a lot of work. And stop calling me cowboy!”

Vin just snickered and let Chris push him into moving forward again.

“If it’s so much work,” Danny asked, confused, “why would anyone want to do it? I can’t think of much I hate more than hoeing weeds or plantin’.”

Chris smiled at Danny. “It’s the things you have at the end of the day that matter, Danny. There's not a much more important job a body can have than raisin’ crops or stock. Farmers raise pigs and sheep and grow vegetables, grain, and hay, and ranchers raise the cattle and horses that eat the hay and grain the farmer needs to sell to keep his head above water. Without the farmer and the cattleman, people in towns would have no food to buy.”

Danny seemed to be thinking about that still as Vin stopped a few feet from Blue and smirked at Chris, teasing, “And that’s not just ‘cause you’ve done both, right?”

“Hey now,” Chris protested, laughing, “don’t you go tellin’ lies about me! I never planted a crop in my life!”

Danny snickered. “Then why’d you tell Ma you know how to push a plow?”

“Anything a farmer can do, I can do.” Chris grinned at Danny. “That doesn’t mean I have.”

Vin snickered and muttered, “Says the man who grew up on a farm.”

Chris poked Vin in the ribs. “I don’t air your dirty laundry, you leave my humble beginnings out of this.”

Danny snickered and moved to Blue to put her bridle on. “Pa wanted to raise cattle, but Ma insisted on farmin’. She says it’s the only way she’s gonna get any vegetables out here.”

“She’s got a good point,” Vin agreed, grinning. “Can’t buy much that’s fresh out here unless you go right to a farmer.”

“Lucky for us there’s more of ‘em every day,” Chris said dryly, amused.

~*~*~*~

Ezra idled on the saloon’s porch for a while after Mrs. Potter finally left him in peace, still watching the livery out of the corner of his eye and waiting for Buck to appear. There was only the one door so he knew Buck hadn’t snuck out another way, even though he couldn’t think of anything Buck might need to do in the livery that time of day that would take most of an hour.

Ezra’s curiosity finally got the better of him and he had just stood to go check on Buck when he noticed the widow Calhoun walking towards him slowly from the other direction. Her knee obviously pained her still, and something about the way she carried herself hinted at her sore ribs. Nathan had decided that there weren’t any ribs that were actually broken, but they were battered badly enough that Mrs. Calhoun needed to keep them wrapped anyway.

“Good afternoon, ma’am,” Ezra said cheerfully, smiling. “Lovely day, isn’t it?”

“It most certainly is, Mr. Standish.” Mrs. Calhoun returned the smile warmly, shifting the basket she was carrying. “Good afternoon. I trust you’re having a good day?”

“You trust correctly. Might I be of assistance to you?” Ezra gestured towards her basket, which gave off the heady smell of pastry and peaches. “A lovely lady such as yourself should not be burdened with anything so heavy, no matter how divine it may smell. That’s what gentlemen are for.”

Mrs. Calhoun laughed softly and offered the basket to him. “Normally I would say no, but you do ask so nicely, and this basket is rather heavy.”

“It is an honor to be of service.” Ezra accepted the basket quickly, settling it over one arm before he offered her the other elbow with a pleased grin. “Now then, ma’am, what might your destination be on this fine spring afternoon?”

Mrs. Calhoun smiled warmly at him and stepped closer to put her hand on his elbow. “I was hoping to speak to Mr. Tanner when he returns, but first I need to visit with Yosemite. Mrs. Travis and Josiah both thought he might know of someone with a milk cow for sale.”

“Yosemite does seem to know whenever there is stock for sale in the area, for a fact,” Ezra agreed as he wondered if the peach confection in the basket that smelled so divine was intended for Vin. He definitely intended to get at least a taste of it, if that were the case. Vin often stole from Ezra’s plate if he was nearby when Ezra was eating, after all, and Ezra was not above returning the favor.

They began walking down the boardwalk slowly towards C & D Smith’s Feed and Seed, and if Mrs. Calhoun leaned on Ezra a bit more than most ladies would he most certainly was not going to comment on it. He was sure she needed the help. “If he isn’t aware of any suitable stock,” Ezra went on after a moment, “I would be honored to aid in your search. Do you prefer a certain breed?”

“Jersey, if one can be found,” Mrs. Calhoun said quickly, smiling. “I would be extremely grateful for your aid, Mr. Standish. Living so far from town, I’m not as well acquainted with the people of the area as I might like to be so I haven’t a clue who to ask on the subject.”

Ezra grinned at her. “It just so happens that I am well acquainted with many of the locals. I am sure that if there is a Jersey available, I will be able to discover where within the week.”

Mrs. Calhoun beamed. “Thank you, Mr. Standish. Is there any way I could possibly repay you?”

Ezra grinned a bit wider, eyes twinkling merrily. Maybe he wouldn’t have to steal some of that confection after all. “Now that you mention it, there is one thing...”