Window Dressing In College
by KitPisces

Window Dressing In College Ch. 01

Pam experiences a new thrill.

In high school I hadn't been considered a hottie or wild child so I didn't attract a lot of boyfriends. I had a tight petite body with unimpressive but perky b-cup breasts. My mom always told me "Big boobs aren't everything, Pam. You have a really cute butt." I agree with her but guys that age seemed to focus more on breasts than booty. My face was kind of cute but nothing exceptional. I like to think I looked nice but I was not the kind of girl who turned heads. The female to male ratio in my high school class was about 2:1 so I didn't always have a boyfriend. I think that is where my fascination with exhibitionism originated. For as long as I can remember I entertained myself with exhibitionist fantasies where boys lusted after my body. I lived in a small town where wagging tongues can ruin a girl's reputation so I was careful not to live out any of my crazy public fantasies. I was a closet exhibitionist for years before finally enjoying my first real experience. Yes, I know 'closet exhibitionist' is an oxymoron, but allow me to explain. I was always fascinated with the idea of exhibitionism, but my adolescent activities were limited to risk taking where I never actually got caught. Was it really exhibitionism if nobody ever saw me? My first opportunity to experience the fetish for real was during my freshman year in college.

All freshmen girls were housed in Burnett Hall which was a sprawling complex that took up almost an entire city block. I was fortunate to have a room in a wing that was across the street from Dommer Hall which was a co-ed dorm. Luckier still, my room was directly across from the male half of Dommer Hall. It was a perfect set up to do some window dressing.

Both of my roommates had jobs in the dorm cafeteria so I had a couple hours each evening when I had the room to myself while they were at work. In the winter it got dark early so by supper time it was easy to see into the room from across the street. My dorm room had three windows side by side to create one large window that was perfect for viewing into the room. (I've been told those were Chicago Style windows.) I toyed with and fantasized about the idea of window dressing for a few weeks before I actually tried it.

My first attempt was actually pretty tame. I wanted to show off but was paranoid about being identified so I tried to limit the size of my audience by only opening the curtains about a third of the way. By having the curtains only partially open it helped create the illusion that I had been careless in closing the curtains and my exposure was accidental.

My heart was racing before I even took anything off. I couldn't believe I was finally going to get to fulfill a fantasy. Since I wanted the exposure to appear accidental I didn't put on a big show. I simply undressed as I normally would. I stripped down to my bra and thong panties then moved about the room to collect my shower caddy and towel. I turned in profile to the window and removed my bra to reveal my small breasts briefly before turning my back to the window. I removed my panties to stand totally naked for a few seconds before wrapping a towel around myself, picking up my shower caddy, then leaving the room to go down the hall to the showers.

As tame and as quick as the strip show was, I was still exceptionally excited and aroused from what I had done. I didn't even know if anybody saw me, but I was still thrilled to have done something so daring.

I took a quick shower then wrapped in the towel to return to my room. Once inside the room I dropped the towel to again stand naked on display. I stepped into some panties then pretended to suddenly realize the curtains were partially open. In a mock panic I rushed to the window to close the curtains and end the show.

During the show I had avoided looking out the window so I could pretend didn't know the curtains were open. I only managed a few quick glances towards the window and I never actually saw anybody watching me. Still, it was an incredible turn on and I was so proud of myself for doing something so naughty. In my hometown I had a reputation for being a good girl so it was fun to experiment with a different persona. My roommates even considered me to be innocent and a bit naïve (I actually was) so the activity was very uncharacteristic of my public persona.

I survived the experience with no negative repercussions. Nobody seemed to have identified me, I didn't even know if anybody had seen me. I began to regret not prolonging the nudity longer and putting on a more salacious show. Over the course of the next couple of weeks I couldn't shake the thrilling experience from my head. I didn't obsess about it but when my mind was idle my thoughts always drifted to the desire to do it again. I tried to think of ways to stretch out my time in the nude but still make it look natural.

After a few weeks I made my second attempt at window dressing. This adventure took a little more preparation than the first time. We had a dresser set against one side wall with a large mirror on top of it. I propped a small mirror up on the dresser and positioned it so I could glance at it to see out the window. That would allow me to subtly check out any potential audience without looking directly at the window. I set my shower supplies in different locations within the room. That would allow me to move back and forth through the room to collect them after I got naked, thus prolonging the show. I then opened the curtains 2/3rds of the way to create a larger viewing area than before. The curtains were still partially closed to hopefully create the illusion that I had been careless in closing them. I then left the room for an early and very quick supper.

My stomach was so full of butterflies that I could barely eat anything. That was fine since it kept my time in the cafeteria very brief. When I returned to the room I turned on the lights and moved about the room for a few minutes in the hope of catching the attention of some guys. It wasn't long until I unbuttoned my blouse and removed it to reveal my skimpiest lace bra. From a distance any observers probably couldn't detect the sheerness of the bra but I still felt excited to be showing it off. Next I opened my skin tight jeans and proceeded to wiggle out of them in as sexy a manner as possible. Wearing only the lacy bra and thong I proceeded to straighten the clothes I had just removed and carefully hang them up in my closet just to allow any viewers to gaze at my bare ass and sexy lingerie. My heart was already racing by the time I unhooked my bra and let it slide off of my arms to expose my pert b-cup breasts and erect nipples. I walked across the room topless to drape the bra over the back of a desk chair. I glanced at the small mirror on the dresser and detected what I thought might be a small audience. The tiny reflection in the mirror didn't allow me to see a lot of details but there appeared to be the silhouettes of three guys in one window, and two other windows with one silhouette each. I couldn't tell if they were actually watching me but I allowed my mind to imagine that they were.

I finally pulled my thong panties down to stand completely naked in front of the window. My hands were trembling with excitement while I prolonged my show by carefully removing my jewelry. As I had done before, I stood back away from the window to somewhat limit who was able to see me. Only a few rooms directly across or higher up could see me, I was obscured from view to anybody on lower floors or street level. As I stood naked I noticed that my pubic hair could use some trimming. It had been trimmed to a landing strip during bikini season but I hadn't maintained it since the weather turned cooler. I considered shaving in front of the window in order to prolong my exposure, but I thought it might be going too far and ruin the deception that my exposure was unintentional. Instead I sat down behind a desk and proceeded to trim my pubes as short as possible with a pair of scissors. My audience could only see my bare chest and probably didn't know what I was actually doing. I teased my lips a little as I proceeded with the grooming and discovered I was very wet. I giggled as I wondered who was more aroused by my show, me or my audience.

When the trimming was complete I stood up and proceeded with my original plan. I walked back and forth through the room to collect my shampoo, conditioner, soap, loofa, and towel which were scattered about the room. I added a few more seconds to the show by also collecting my shaving gear. Finally I wrapped a towel around my body and left the room to go down the hall to the showers.

While in the shower I proceeded to shave my lower region completely bare. I was already extremely aroused but after going bald my nether region was much more sensitive to my touch. It felt so good to touch myself that I couldn't resist running my fingers all over my lips and mound to enjoy the scintillating sensations. My body quivered involuntarily when I twirled my finger tip around my erect clit. I knew I could easily bring myself to orgasm very quickly but I resisted the urge. I feared that sexual satisfaction might dampen my desire to continue with my exhibitionist plan, and the best was yet to come. I forced myself to restrain from any further self stimulation as I dried off and wrapped the towel around my body.

When I returned to my room I glanced briefly out the window to observe there was only one silhouette still in the windows across the street. I was disappointed that I had taken so long in the shower and had lost my audience. I delayed resuming my show as I put away my shower supplies in the hope more guys would take notice of me. Finally I removed the towel from my body and wrapped it around my wet hair. I was once again completely nude and on display as I spread moisturizing lotion on my skin. I poured some lotion on my hand and slowly rubbed it into my shoulders and arms. More lotion in my hand and I fondled my breasts as I spread the lotion over my chest. I spread the lotion in a slow seductive manner but wasn't being overtly salacious with my actions so it still looked like my exposure was accidental. I moved my hands down to spread lotion on my belly, sides and hips. I never looked directly at the window but I frequently peeked out the corner of my eye or raised my eyes up as I bowed my head. I was very pleased to see that my audience was quickly growing.

The three silhouettes had returned to the window and there were four more windows with one silhouette each. My excitement grew with the growth of my audience. I imagined that there were numerous other boys watching me from darkened windows. I continually turned one way then the other to allow my audience to see me from different angles and ultimately see every inch of my naked body. While spreading lotion on my hips and pelvis I intentionally ran my hand over my mound to tease my engorged clit a few times. The touching was so subtle I'm sure the guys couldn't tell that I was playing with myself. Eventually I moved my hands down to my thighs to spread more lotion. I took the opportunity to let my fingers graze my lips several times while moisturizing my inner thighs. I felt some juices trickle down my thigh and I giggled at the thought of moisturizing myself with my own juices.

I continued to use the lotion as I bent over to spread lotion on my calves. I wondered if my audience could detect how erect my nipples were or how swollen my labia was. I grew more excited as I wondered if any guys from my classes were viewing me. The thought created a strange feeling of humiliation combined with incredible arousal of being exposed to people who knew me. The negative aspect of the thought didn't deter me from continuing with my plan and the positive aspect encouraged me to greatly enjoy what I was doing.

After applying lotion to every inch of my body that I could reach put the bottle away and removed the towel from my head. I faced the large mirror over the dresser so I was in profile to the window as I ruffed my hair up with the towel to further dry it. I set the towel aside and proceeded to run a comb through my hair to eliminate the tangles. I could have used a hair drier but I wanted to spend as much time on my hair as possible in order to prolong my show. I combed my hair extensively, occasionally twisting a little to one side or the other to give a better view of my T&A and clean shaven pussy.

After spending several minutes on my hair I put the comb down and proceeded to put on my makeup. Actually I just pretended to put on makeup as I didn't want to just wash it off again when I went to bed. I frequently glanced at the small mirror I had positioned on the dresser in order to see out of my window. I couldn't see any great detail but it assured me I still had several silhouettes watching me from across the street. I spent a few more minutes putting on the fake makeup before I brought the show to a close. I tried to think of other ways to prolong my nudity but I came up blank. Besides I had to end the show before my roommates returned from their work shift. By this time I was so horny I could barely contain my excitement. I was very eager to orgasm and even considered masturbating for my audience. I feared if I did that it would ruin the illusion that my exposure was accidental. I reluctantly brought the show to an end by putting on a pair of leggings and a long sleeve t-shirt. My body seemed to be electric with arousal and I loved how the tight clothes hugged my body to accentuate my arousal.

I was so aroused that I really needed to orgasm, but I didn't want to risk being caught by my roommates who were soon due to return to the room. I left the room and went down the hallway to the rest rooms where I found the privacy of a stall. When I pulled the leggings down I saw that a wet spot had already soaked through the crotch of the garment. I guess I should have worn panties too. At least the leggings were multi colored so the wet spot wouldn't be noticeable. As I sat on the toilet I ran my fingers over my mound and lips to enjoy the sensation of touching my hairless pussy. I pressed my finger tip between my lips and ran it the length of my slit until I touched my clit. My body quivered as a soft moan escaped my lips. I instantly froze as I feared I might have been heard. I listened for several seconds and didn't hear anybody else in the rest room so I resumed my masturbation. I teased my clit with one hand and raised my shirt to fondle my tits with my other hand. It wasn't long until I lowered my hand from my chest and eased my fingers into my sopping wet pussy. While I jammed one, two, then three fingers into my pussy I continued to twirl the fingers of my other hand around my clit. My heightened arousal quickly grew even stronger until a monumental orgasm suddenly washed through my body causing me to squeal loudly. I quickly silenced myself but didn't freeze up like before as I continued to masturbate feverishly to keep the orgasms cumming.

The ecstasy was interrupted when I hear the door open and footsteps enter the room. I stopped pounding my fingers into my pussy and tried to be inconspicuous which wasn't easy. I was literally panting and it was very difficult for me to try to regulate my breathing in a silent manner. The aroma of sex permeated the space around me and I wondered if the scent was contained to the stall or if it belied my activity to the intruder. I felt myself blushing from the thought that I might have been caught. I heard the intruder close the door to one of the stalls and I decided I'd better escape before she discovered who I was. I cleaned up my sopping crotch, straightened my clothes then exited the stall to wash my hands before fleeing to my room. Just to be safe, when I returned to my room I lit a scented candle in the hope of covering any telltale aroma of my activity.

I was extremely proud of the extensive nude show I had put on in front of the window. Even though my arousal had been satisfied I was still very excited about what I had done. It had been a incredibly thrilling experience and I knew I would have to do it again.


Window Dressing In College Ch. 02

My first experience with window dressing (or undressing) was extremely thrilling but I soon learned there were repercussions to my naughty behavior. The very next day my roommates and I started getting a slew of obscene phone calls that were obviously the result of my naked adventure. Before I go on allow me to explain my dorm situation and the dorm phone system.

I lived in Burnette Hall which had limited access. There was a gigantic lounge at the main entrance where guys could socialize with girls, and we shared the dining hall with the coed dorm across the street. Other than that guys were prohibited from entering the inner residence area of the dorm. In the lobby there was an alphabetically listed directory of every girl in the dorm along with her room number. There were also house phones in the lobby where people could dial up the room number to call a land line in the individual occupant's room. It was common knowledge that the house phone system had been hacked which allowed rooms to be called from any phone.

With Burnette Hall being a large complex with numerous wings and the rooms being a combination of letters and numbers I had been sure my room number wouldn't be obvious to anybody who viewed my naked window dressing performance. Since guys couldn't roam the halls and figure out my room number they must have gained insight (possibly innocent) from some girl or girls in my dorm. With the knowledge of my room number guys could call our land line and express their perverted appreciation of my widow dressing.

There was always a problem with the occasional obscene call where a guy dialed a randomly selected room, but the flurry of calls we received after my performance was obviously in response to my exhibitionism. The callers didn't know the name of the girl they had seen in the window so they talked dirty to whoever answered the phone. Due to the relentless barrage of calls my roommates grew paranoid that they were being stalked. I felt bad that my actions were causing them to worry so I made a partial confession that I might be innocently responsible for the calls. I told them I had undressed to take a shower before noticing the curtains weren't fully closed. I thought I was doing my sisterly duty to put their minds at ease that they weren't being individually stalked, and provide a possible reason for the spate of obscene calls. Unfortunately my roommates became adversarial and blamed me for intentionally inviting the lewd calls. After that whenever my roommates answered a lewd call they would call out "Pam, it's for you." In order to teach me a lesson my roommates threatened to make my life a living hell if I didn't take the calls. Worse yet was the fact that by calling out my name my roommates were identifying me to the pervy callers. There were hundreds of girls living in Burnette hall but with some diligence a guy could study the directory in the lobby to connect the room number with my first name to discover my full name.

I was glad I had made the window dressing look accidental so as not to look like the total slut that I really wanted to be. The fact that my roommates forced me to listen to obscene calls was just as abusive as the calls themselves. Many of the calls were very uncreative and boring but some were so absolutely degrading that they brought me to tears. Though sparing my roomies the paranoia of believing they were being stalked, I now was very paranoid that I was being stalked, especially when the callers started asking for me by name. There were a few (very few) calls that were a bit more subtle and expressed gratitude for seeing my body and encouraging me to show it again. I have to admit that I felt some arousal along with my embarrassment during these more subtle calls.

We reported the calls to campus security and they said they would do what they could (whatever that meant.) Whenever I was alone in the room I would not answer the phone or immediately hang up if it was an obscene call. When my roommates forced me to take a call I would merely listen for a minute of two before hanging up. I never engaged in conversation or encouraged the callers. After a couple of days the number of calls began to decrease some but didn't stop entirely. Though the calls dampened my desire to window dress it didn't kill the exhibitionist urge entirely. I still wanted to show off but needed to find a safer way to do it.

Five days after the calls started my roommate, Michelle, seemed to be softening her stance of punishing me for my indiscretion. It was a Sunday evening which was usually a pretty mellow time in the dorm. Any partying on the weekend was over but nobody was serious about studying yet until classes resumed on Monday. My other roommate Terri had gone home for the weekend and had not yet returned. I was casually lounging around in my modest sleepwear which consisted of pajama pants and a long sleeve tee shirt. Michelle and I were mellowing out with some weed and were joined by our next door neighbors, Sherry and Sue (here forth referred to as the "2 S's.") Michelle had become close friends with the neighbor girls but I wasn't very close to them. Sherry and Sue were hard core partiers and I was a light weight who was still learning my limits so we didn't have a lot in common. I accepted the 2 S's since they were friends with Michelle.

We all got high together in a casual setting but eventually the subject of the obscene calls and my 'accidental' window dressing came up. Michelle continued to express that she doubted my exposure had been entirely accidental. Since she was already close to the 2 S's it was easy for them to ally with my roommate who expressed a belief that I should suffer further punishment for my indiscretions.

In a half joking, half adversarial tone of voice Michelle suggested "If you showed yourself accidentally as you claim you need to be taught a lesson so you'll be more careful in the future. If it was intentional you need to be punished more severely."

Michelle pulled the cord to fully open the curtains as she turned to her friends and said "I think we should strip her naked to teach her a lesson."

I already knew Michelle had a mean streak but I thought she was joking at first. I barely had time to express any dissent before my roommate charged at me followed closely by her two friends. I was sitting on the edge of my bed and tried to scoot back away from my attackers as they grabbed at my limbs and clothes. I was successful in squirming away from them briefly but I soon found myself being dragged to the middle of the room in front of the window. I still thought they were just engaging in a mean spirited tease and didn't take the threat entirely seriously. There was a lot of laughing, screaming and grabbing by everybody involved.

When the girls began pulling at my clothes it very quickly became obvious to me that they weren't just playing around. It was impossible to defend myself against three attackers but I managed to briefly maintain some modesty. I had to hold one arm across my chest to keep my top from being pulled up, and I held the front of my pajama pants with my other hand. The girls yanked my pants off of my ass but I held tight to the front to keep from losing the garment entirely. Since I had prepared for bed I wasn't wearing any underwear so the two pieces of clothing were the only thing covering me.

As the girls grabbed and yanked at my arms and clothes there was some incidental poking and grabbing of my ribs which made me jerk and squeal in response. When the girls discovered how ticklish I was they concentrated more on poking and tickling me than they did in assaulting my clothing. I was soon constantly screaming with laughter as I tried to squirm away from the tormenting hands. I doubled over and fell to the floor where I tried to roll up in a fetal position to protect myself. I was laughing so much that I had trouble catching my breath. The constant poking and tickling and laughing weakened me as they pulled my legs out straight and broke my grip on my jammy pants. The girls pantsed me leaving my lower body completely naked.

When Michelle saw my bald pussy she began taunting me about shaving in order to expose my pussy more clearly. As my roommate she had seen me changing clothes before and knew that the hairless pussy was a new development. In her mind my shaved pussy was further proof that my window dressing might have been intentional. When she taunted me about it I vehemently denied the accusation (even though she was totally correct.)

My bald pussy seemed to justify the girls' actions and resulted in them attacking my clothes even more furiously. With six hands mercilessly grabbing and tickling me I was helpless to defend myself. I was laughing so hard that I was growing weak which allowed the girls easily pulled my arms away from my body so they could pull my long sleeve t-shirt up over my head. Even after they had stripped me naked they continued to attack me with their tickling fingers. They poked and wiggled their fingers against my ribs, thighs, knees, and the bottom of my feet until I was gasping for mercy. Tears of mirth were streaming down my face by the time they paused in their delightful torture.

The girls pulled me to my feet and pushed me up against the desk that was directly in front of the windows. My eyes were blurry with tears and my mind was disoriented from the tickling torture so I didn't really comprehend what was happening as I felt my legs being lifted from under me. I soon found myself laying on top of the desk when Michelle's cheerfully taunting voice told me "If you want us to stop tickling you have to stand up and dance in front of the window."

I was still trying to catch my breath as I wiped the tears from my eyes. When I gained a little strength I suddenly tried to bolt off of the desk. The move was futile with three girls lining my only escape route. The tickling resumed and I curled up in a fetal position again.

Michelle laughed "Hold her down."

One girl grabbed my wrists and the other grabbed my ankles as they pulled me into a straight position on my back. Michelle then proceeded to tickle me in every spot that got a reaction. I'm sure my face was red from the physical exertion and the lack of breath. Now I felt my face burn ever hotter from the humiliation of being put on display in the window. I squirmed and screamed with laughter but was unable to break free from the 2 S's grips.

As I gasped for air I whimpered "Stop.... Stop... stop..."

Michelle continued to tickle me until I was feeling dizzy from lack of oxygen. When she finally stopped she asked "Are you going to dance for us now?"

I couldn't even find my voice and I was too weak to move so I just lay on the desk and gasped for air as the girls continued to hold my limbs. In my stretched out position my small boobs were flattened out on my chest but my erect nipples were protruding upward very prominently. With each breath of air my nipples rose and fell which didn't go unnoticed by my tormentors. Michelle reached out to squeeze one nipple and quipped "Pam must me enjoying this. She's getting turned on by being naked in the window." She pinched and tugged on both my nipples as I whimpered and flinched, still unable to breath properly. I wasn't aware of any arousal as my mind was foggy from the excessive tickle torture. Humiliation was the only emotion I was conscious of but maybe on a subconscious level I was aroused by the forced exposure.

Again Michelle asked "Are you going to get up and dance for us now?"

I shook my head slightly which prompted my roommate to begin tickling me again. I couldn't take any more of the pleasant torture so I gasped "No... no... stop... stop... I'll d-do it."

I felt the girls release my limbs and I paused a moment before I sat up. I glanced out the window but my vision was again blurry from mirthful tears so I don't know if anybody was watching. I rolled over and rose to a kneeling position, then slowly rose to my feet. I held one arm across my chest and my other hand over my slit as I hunched over in a modest pose. If I had been alone I would have relished standing naked in the window, but it was humiliating to be forced to do it. As I stood in the window I wondered if I only appeared as a silhouette to anybody who may be watching from outside.

Michelle cracked a menacing grin and insisted "Drop your arms and shake your booty." I obeyed but kept my back to the window and only moved my hips very subtly. The cause of my tears turned from mirth to degrading humiliation as they streamed down my face. My heart was racing from the exertion of the tickling, or was it from excitement. As I moved my hips and legs I became aware of my moist pussy lips sliding easily against each other. OMG I was aroused! I hoped the girls didn't noticed my wetness or they might torment me further. I felt a very strange combination of emotions. The forced nudity and being put on display was exceptionally humiliating but at the same time incredibly arousing. I am not a masochist and I know it sounds sick but the degradation seemed to enhance the arousal.

I had barely started to dance when there was a loud knock on our door. Everybody froze for a few seconds until there was another knock on the door and we heard our resident advisor's voice "What's going on in there?"

Michelle exclaimed "Get down" and I jumped down from the desk and dove into my bed.

Michelle answered the door and had a brief conversation the RA before agreeing to settle down and stop making so much noise. I thought my ordeal was over but it had barely begun. Michelle walked over to my bed with a sweet smile on her face and said "We can't tickle you into submission any more..." She then yanked the covers off of me and continued "...but the only way you're getting any clothes is if you dance in the window."

I refused which resulted in Michelle yanking the covers and sheets entirely off of my bed so I had nothing to cover up with. I sat up on the bed with my back against the wall, hugged my pillow to my chest and tucked my knees up to my chest. It was still embarrassing to be the only one naked but at least the tickle torture and humiliation had ended. I was sitting off to the side of the window so I was no longer exposed to view from outside. I felt juices dribble out of my pussy and over my puckered hole and hoped the other girls didn't notice how wet I was. I spread my knees a little and lowered my pillow some in order to wrap my legs around the pillow and conceal my crotch.

The other girls in the room had an entirely different experience than me. They all seemed to view the episode as a fun loving lark and were in good spirits when it came to an end. Even though they had just been joking around they still had a bit of meanness in them.

Michelle fired up another joint and we all mellowed out again. Well to some degree anyway. I was still incredibly aroused but I pretended to be calm while the pillow concealed my erect nipples and wet pussy. The vulnerability of being the only one naked in the room made me feel submissively sexy and contributed to my arousal. The only thing distracting me from my arousal was the growing urge to urinate. The excessive tickling had loosened up all of my bodily functions and I needed to go the bathroom really bad. I controlled the urge while we smoked the joint but soon I was reaching a critical stage.

I finally put the pillow aside and rose from the bed. I started to walk to the closet to get my robe when Michelle jumped up to block my path. She inquired what I was doing and I explained I had to go to the bathroom. A wicked smile crossed her lips as she smirked "You have to stay naked until you dance in the window."

I did a little pee dance and whimpered "I really have to go." The 2

S's joined Michelle in blocking my path so I knew there was no chance in forcing my way past them. I was faced with further humiliation if I had to leave the room in the nude to go down the hall to the communal bathrooms. The urge to pee was becoming so critical that it was almost painful. I didn't have time to argue nor resist as the girls ushered me to the door and pushed me out into the hallway. I heard them cackling with laughter as I hurried down the hall to the restrooms.

In the safety of the restroom it felt so good to relieve my bladder, after which I contemplated masturbating. A sexual release would certainly help me cope with the remainder of the night. However I feared if I took too long in the restroom the girls might figure out why and torment me further for it.

After washing my hands I opened the restroom door and peeked into the corridor. There was nobody in sight but there were a few rooms with the door open in order for the occupants to socialize. I dashed down the corridor past the open doors to my room only to find my door locked and me without a key. I pounded on the door but any response was slow in coming. Having seen me streak past their open doors a few girls stepped out into the hallway to see what was going on. I felt myself blushing as I pounded on the door and yelled "Let me in."

The door opened a crack to reveal Michelle's smirking lips. She laughed "You must be a real slut to want to run all over the dorm in the nude. I didn't know you liked to show your naked body to girls too. I think you'd better spend the night with your lezbo friend, Danni." With that she slammed the door in my face and I heard laughter coming from behind the door.

I pounded on the door again but I knew there would be no response. I was blushing bright red as I paused to decide what to do. A few more girls were coming out into the hallway and they too were laughing at me. I had to get out of sight so I dashed the short distance to the study lounge which luckily was empty. There were no curtains at all in the lounge so I was openly on display in the windows as I considered solutions to my problem. The obvious solution was to go to our RA and have her let me into my room with a pass key. But if the RA wasn't home I would be standing naked on display in the hallway while waiting futilely for somebody to answer the door. Even if the RA was home and let me into my room, Michelle and the 2S's might expel me from the room again. I only hesitated a few seconds as I decided Michelle's suggestion to seek help from Danni was the best course of action.

Along with my roommates, Danni was the best friend I had made during my freshman year. (Yes, even though my roomies and I were totally different we did get along most of the time.) Initially Danni and I had a class together and had seen each other around the dorm so we had gravitated towards each other. Danni was an out of closet lesbian which alienated her from many of the girls in the dorm. My friendship with Danni was purely platonic. She told me I was pretty (I loved the flattery) but that she wasn't sexually attracted to me. There was never any tension between us and we got along great.

I only stayed on display in the study lounge a few seconds before again dashing down the corridor and into the glass incased stairwell. I was in full display to the world as I ran up one flight of stairs. I noticed a few pedestrians outside but I was moving too fast to pay attention if they looked up at me. I bolted into the corridor of Danni's floor and raced to her room to pound on the door. Once again I passed a few open doors resulting in the occupants coming out into the hall to see the odd sight of a naked girl. It must have looked even more risqué when I entered the room of a known lesbian.

Danni was stunned to see me fly into her room butt ass naked. My tits were heaving with each breath after the brief sprint to her room. It took me a minute or so to calm down and catch my breath before I could explain the odd situation. When I was sufficiently calm I gave my friend a brief summery of why I was naked. I then noticed that her curtains were wide open and I was on display to the to coed dorm across the street. With a giggle I told her "Unless you want a rash of obscene calls you'd better close the curtains."

Danni closed the curtains then offered an apology. "I'd offer you something to wear but you know my clothes won't fit, and I don't want to loan my roommate's clothes without her permission."

Danni is short, about the same height as me, and even though I have a petite build, she is much tinier than me. She has the body of an adolescent boy, almost flat chested and no hips and ass to speak of. There is no way I could fit into any of her clothes. Danni only had one roommate and they didn't get along real well so I understood about not borrowing her clothes without permission.

Danni gave me a blanket to wrap around my body then we sat on her bed as I proceeded to tell her the whole story of how I came to be naked in her room. Danni and I were already open with each other about our sexuality. She had told me of her experiences with girls and I had told her of my experiences with boys. But up until then I hadn't confessed my exhibitionist fantasies. After showing up at her door buck naked I felt I owed her a more detailed explanation of what I had been through. Danni and I were very comfortable together so I told her the entire story about my exhibitionism and punishment. Still being stoned probably helped me to blab on about the ordeal.

As I told of my ordeal I frequently gestured with one or both hands which caused the blanket to fall off of one or both shoulders to partially or fully expose my breasts. Being stoned caused me to be a bit flaky and I didn't always realize the accidental exposure right away. After a few incidental flashes I apologized for my carelessness because I really didn't intend to tease my lesbian friend.

Danni smiled and said "You know I don't think of you in a sexual way, but it is fun to admire your natural nude beauty." After we both confessed to enjoying my state of undress I pulled the blanket back up onto my shoulders but no longer was concerned with holding it closed in front. With my breasts on display we both felt perfectly at ease with each other.

I was still incredibly horny from my forced exhibitionism and being with Danni didn't help any. She didn't make any attempt to hide her pleasure at viewing my exposed body even though I knew she would never make a move on me. At that time in my life I was strictly heterosexual and hadn't yet done any bi-sexual exploration. However I felt a strange pleasure at exposing myself to the lesbian and was excited that she enjoyed viewing me.

After I relayed the events of the evening the conversation turned to other subjects. Being stoned and incredibly horny I had difficulty concentrating on what Danni was saying. Her words became sounds that I heard but didn't comprehend as my mind drifted to how I had been forcibly stripped by my roommate and her friends. The event had been traumatic yet fun and very stimulating. I had mixed emotions about what had happened but mostly it left me exceptionally horny.

I was jolted out of my thoughts by Danni exclaiming "PAM!"

I jerked back to reality and focused on Danni. Her eyes dropped to my crotch then back up to make eye contact with me. She wore and impish smile as she giggled "You want to take care of that?"

I bowed my head to look where she had glanced. I gasped when I saw that the blanket had again fallen off of my shoulders and I was absent mindedly twirling a finger around my clit. I froze as I felt my entire body blushing while Danni broke out in loud laughter.

I smiled sheepishly as I removed my hand from my crotch and shifted position to bring my legs tightly together as I twisted my body to locate the missing blanket. Danni continued to laugh her ass off which made for a light hearted atmosphere. I'd already been caught touching myself so things couldn't get any more embarrassing. I had second thoughts about covering up and thought about what she had said about me wanting to finish. Actually I did want to finish so as long as she was offering I inquired "You'd really give me some privacy so I could finish what I started?"

Danni laughed "NO! You're not my type, but if a straight naked hottie wants to masturbate in my room I'd be glad to watch my own personal porn show."

My jaw dropped open and I gasped in shock at her statement. Then almost instantly I broke out in laughter at the absurdity of her suggestion. I didn't really consider myself to be a "hottie" but it was flattering that she did. I felt a surge of arousal from knowing she wanted to see me masturbate but I was too embarrassed and timid to do it.

Danni rose from the bed, pulled a chair out from the desk to place it in the middle of the room. She then gently took my hand and I rose from the bed as she led me to the chair. I sat down then she stepped away to lean against the desk and look at me with an anticipating smile on her lips.

My mind was racing. Would it be perverted to masturbate in front of her? Would it be rude not to since she had given me sanctuary? Could I survive much longer without satisfying the tremendous arousal that was driving me crazy? I raised my right hand to fondle my breasts while my left hand stroked my thigh and ran across my pelvis teasingly close to my slit. I soon found myself teasing my already erect nipple while twirling my finger around my clit again. Danni appeared to be very pleased to see me playing with myself and knowing that she derived pleasure from watching me increased my own arousal.

I spread my legs wide apart and brought both hands to my crotch. I pulled my lips open with one hand so my other hand could easily slide two fingers into my sopping wet snatch. As one hand pumped fingers into my pussy my other hand returned to teasing my clit. I squirmed in the chair and my tits heaved up and down with each heavy breath.

Danni moved to the side of the window and took the curtain cord in her hand. We made eye contact as I continued to masturbate and she silently threatened to open the curtain. When I offered no objection she tugged on the curtain cord to open the curtain about six inches. My heart beat faster as I broke eye contact to glance through the narrow gap in the curtains. I was sitting directly in front of gap and facing the window but I doubted the curtains were open enough to be clearly visible to the windows across the street. Even though I wasn't obviously on display my excitement grew stronger knowing I might be seen and that Danni might open the curtains further. Maybe I shouldn't have confessed my exhibitionist desires to Danni, or maybe it was wonderful that I had.

I returned my gaze to make eye contact with Danni again and she slowly opened the curtains another six inches. My fingers pumped faster into my pussy as I shifted my gaze towards the lighted windows across the street. With the curtains open a full foot the guys directly across from me would be able to see if they looked out their windows.

With a gasping voice I warned Danni "If you... keep doing that... you'll get... obscene calls too."

Danni tossed her head back in laughter as she opened the curtains another foot then said "It would be worth it to see my bitch roommate's reaction to getting harassed with lewd calls."

I wouldn't wish that fate on anybody, but I was too far gone to stop masturbating. I pumped my fingers more furiously into my pussy as I humped my pelvis towards the invading digits and tugged gently on my clit. With a full two foot gap in the curtains I was clearly visible if any guys looked out their windows. It was exciting to masturbate in front of Danni, but I wanted more. I wanted everybody so see me acting like a wanton slut.

The anticipation of my impending orgasm caused my eyes to water and blur my vision. I could still see the lights in the windows across the street but couldn't tell if anybody was at the windows watching me. With both of my hands occupied with stimulating my body I couldn't stop what I was doing to wipe my eyes. I was actively squirming, humping, and whimpering as I brought myself closer and closer to orgasm.

I heard Danni's voice gleefully inquire "You want it open more?"

I gasped "Yes... yes... oh god please... yes..."

I heard the rings sliding on the curtain rod as Danni opened the curtains all the way up. My arousal jolted through the roof as I gazed at the numerous windows I was now exposed to. I heard the constant gasping and whimpering of my voice and the sloppy smacking of my fingers as I jammed them in and out of my pussy. Within seconds my orgasm exploded inside of me, sending wave after wave of intense pleasure flowing through my body. I heard my voice squealing with pleasure but it seemed detached as if it was coming from a distance. My eyes blurred even more and I closed them in order for my senses to focus only on my orgasms. Every molecule of my being seemed alive with erotic sensations that drove me delirious with pleasure. The scent of sex and the sound of my squeals seemed to envelope me and become one with the orgasms. I had probably been on edge ever since Michelle and the 2S's stripped me and the lengthy arousal probably contributed to the exceptional power of my orgasms.

I rode the waves of pleasure until they gradually decreased. When my senses returned I found myself slumped in the chair, my body quivering as I gasped for breath. I opened my eyes and was disappointed to find that the curtains were now closed.

I heard Danni's cheerful voice "Damn girl, do you always cum like that?"

In a quivering voice I responded "No..o..o.." followed by a joyful giggle.

I took a few deep breaths to calm myself then sheepishly asked "Did any guys see me? My eyes were to blurry to see."

Danni giggled "Oh hell yeah. Every window in the dorm was packed with guys staring at you."

I knew that was ridiculous hyperbole, then it occurred to me that Danni had had her eyes glued on me so she wouldn't even know if anybody else had been watching from across the street. I had cum so quickly that I had probably only been on display through the window for a couple of minutes. It's possible nobody saw me, but also possible that I had been seen. I'll never know if anybody besides Danni saw my masturbation show.

I felt my face heat up a little but my blushing certainly wasn't noticeable since my face was already flushed. I wasn't nearly as embarrassed as I should have been after behaving so lewdly in front of my friend. Her beaming smile clearly indicated she had enjoyed he show, and I certainly enjoyed achieving the much needed orgasm. We were both a bit giddy as she gave me tissues to clean myself (and the chair) up with. It almost felt like we were sharing a bit of after glow. It was if we had shared intimacy without being intimate with each other. Neither of us felt any shame and just enjoyed what we had experienced.

We soon settled into a much more relaxed countenance after the sexual tension had been dealt with. I remained naked and made no attempt to cover up with the blanket again. I didn't feel lewd about my nudity. It was as if I had shifted from exhibitionist mode to nudist mode. I was merely a nude body without attaching anything erotic to my nudity. It seemed perfectly natural to be sans clothes while enjoying the company of my friend. Danni accepted my nudity as if it was no big deal too, but I caught her eyes drifting to my private parts several times so I knew she was enjoying the view. And I enjoyed that she enjoyed seeing me naked.

We sat on her bed cross legged (Indian style) facing each other as we talked about every subject under the sun. In that position my pussy was spread wide open to her view. I didn't intend to tease her and she didn't seem to mind since we were in a more camaraderie mood instead of a sexual mood.

Eventually Danni's roommate returned. When she saw me sitting naked on the bed she turned and way and in a disgusted tone of voice exclaimed "Oh Jeeze!!" She dropped her bag and immediately left the room. Danni and I both broke out laughing since the girl incorrectly thought we were engaged in some lesbian activities.

I ended up spending the night in Danni's room. I could have returned to my floor and gotten the RA to let me into my room, but I feared Michelle might again expel me from the room. It was best to wait until morning to regain residence in my room.

It was tight quarters with Danni and I both sleeping in her single bed. I slept in the nude with Danni behind me in a spooning position. With her arm draped over me I secretly hoped she might try to stimulate me but she behaved herself and we soon drifted off to sleep.

The next morning Danni's roommate gave us the silent treatment. We didn't feel she would be cooperative so we didn't even bother to ask to borrow some clothes from her. I didn't want to drag a big blanket around so I wrapped a borrowed towel around me for the trek back to my room. I stopped at the communal showers to take a quick rinse before going to the RA's room. With my hair wet and my body wrapped in a towel I could claim I got locked out of my room when I took a shower.

All ended well with the obscene calls gradually tapering off to nothing. Danni and her roommate never received any obscene calls in the aftermath of my performance. That didn't mean nobody saw me though. However the show had only lasted a couple of minutes so it may have gone undetected, where as my previous show had been a prolonged performance.

The obscene calls and Michelle's punishment taught me a lesson and I ceased any window dressing for most the school year that remained. I still had a strong desire to expose myself and performed again at the very end of the school year, but that is another chapter.
