A jog and an elevator ride both lead to inseminations as the girls lose control.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 7 (Mf, mc, nc, interr, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Persi jogged along the sea wall, trying to burn off the nervous energy that seemed to be constantly coursing through her 16-year-old body for the last few days. Whatever was wrong with her, it had caused her to first suck off two men, one of which was her mother's boyfriend, convince that same boyfriend to fuck and inseminate her sleeping best friend, twice, and then get bred herself by that same man.

She thought about Raj's sperm, no doubt still swimming around inside her, looking for her egg, and felt her pussy moisten. Now the running was causing her suddenly engorged pussy lips to rub together, and she had to take a break so as to not get overwhelmed.

She went into a coffee shop, counted out her remaining cash, and ordered a green tea matcha latte. Left with only a few cents when she was done, she dropped them into the tip jar with a sigh while she waited for her overpriced drink.

Sniff! "Excuse me, miss?"

She turned to find a slightly balding, brown-haired man, maybe a little older than her mom, standing close by. "Yes?"

He stepped closer, speaking conspiratorially. "I noticed you used up all your cash earlier. I wonder if you would like to make some money?"

She felt his eyes roaming her fit body in her jogging shorts and tight t-shirt. "What do you have in mind?"

A few minutes later, they were in the man's BMW, parked down an alleyway, and she was taking his hard cock into her mouth. She was still new to blowjobs, but the man was moaning in appreciation of her novice skills.

Her pussy was on fire! She unsnapped her shorts and started to play with her clit while she continued fellating him.

"Um...um..." the main ummed, "miss? I know I said $50 for a blowjob, but how about another $100 for sex?"

She pulled her mouth off of him. "$150? Deal!" In a flash, her shorts and soaked panties were off, and then she climbed into his lap. She quickly lined up his average-sized cock and sank her sweltering pussy down upon it. Yes! That was what she needed, she realized!

He was going to ask about a condom, but there seemed little point now that they were already having unprotected sex. The man pulled at her t-shirt, and she helped him to remove it, along with her sports bra. Now naked, other than her sneakers and socks, she began to ride him hard.

"Oh, these are lovely," the man moaned as he palmed Persi's small breasts with their conical nipples.

Feeling the man's hot hands upon her boobs, Persi gasped in pleasure and ground her clit into the root of his cock, swirling his shaft around her insides and making her tingle. Then she started to bounce again. Her orgasm was approaching, but slowly...she felt that she needed something to kick-start it...

The man glommed his mouth to one of her nipples, sucking lightly, and she gasped again. Not quite there...

"Unhh!"

The man grunted, and Persi felt his cock throb inside her. He was cumming, she realized! Then she was also cumming, hard, as she felt his hot seed inundate her unprotected depths. "Nn! Ohh shiiitt..." she moaned, shaking with each spurt from the man's cock as his dangerous sperm bathed her vulnerable insides.

Soon, their orgasms complete, she pulled off of him, using the tissue he gave her to try to ensure that she didn't make a mess of his expensive seats. She sat back in the passenger seat, trying to soak it all up, but there was just too much. Finally, she just stopped up her pussy with the tissue and pulled her panties and shorts back up.

The man handed her a wad of cash from his wallet, as well as a business card. "You're amazing!" he complimented her. "Call me if you would like to do this again, same deal?"

She looked at the cash and card. "Hm, maybe? I'll let you know." Then she gave him a peck on the cheek, pulled her top back on, and returned to her jog, latte in hand, feeling his hot stuff squish around inside her as she went. By the time she got home, his spend had dripped down her legs, and she was lucky her mother hadn't looked up from her TV show as the girl made a beeline for the shower.

---

That evening, Persi once again messaged Johanna, *PLEASE let me sleep over 2nite!* After the previous night, Persi knew that she couldn't keep Raj away from her while her mother slept.

*OK* Johanna sent back to her best friend. She didn't know why Persi had been acting so weird around her, but if that was over, then she wanted things back to normal.

After dinner, Johanna, wearing her favorite skirt and tight shirt combo again, took the garbage out to the bin. On the way back into the building, she ran into Raj, Persi's mother's boyfriend, as he arrived. "Oh, hi, Raj."

"Hello, pretty Johanna. Let me get the door for you."

The slim brunette smiled at the compliment and considered the Middle Eastern man as she moved past him, and then both of them gave a sniffle in unison. Had Raj always been so handsome, she wondered? He smelled nice, too.

They got into the elevator and stood there for a moment after the door closed. Their hands collided as they both reached for the floor button. She giggled and he smiled as they pulled back. Finally, Raj moved close to her and pressed the button as they breathed in each other's scent. With him so close, Johanna felt light-headed. As the elevator started to move, she turned to face him and found his wide, dark eyes searching hers.

Not even thinking, she glommed her mouth to his. She felt Raj shift, and then a bell rang as the elevator suddenly halted its upward motion. He had pressed the emergency stop!

As they kissed, Raj reached down, picked her small body up by her buttocks, and pressed her up against the wall of the elevator. He ground his crotch into hers, and she felt her insides heat up from the forbidden excitement of what they were doing.

She felt him fumble down there, and then her panties were pulled to the side. A moment later, his hard cock was slipping up inside her, aided by her copious juices.

He moved his mouth to her ear. "We must be quick," he said, and began to thrust into her hard and fast.

"Oh shit...oh shit...oh shit..." she moaned as she was fucked hard, feeling the force of his thrusts reverberate through her clit and, deep inside her, the head of his cock tapping at the entrance to her womb.

"So beautiful...so sexy..." he moaned into her ear, and Johanna had a small orgasm. "Yes...yesss...I am going to cum inside you now..."

Her eyes flew open. She had had conflicting thoughts about getting inseminated by that man at the library. On one hand it had been dangerous, but on the other, it had been so hot, and his cum had given her mind-blowing orgasms! She couldn't chance it again, could she?

Having taken too long thinking about it, the choice was taken from her. Raj grunted as he thrust hard. As she felt his member throb deep within her, her own orgasm exploded outward from there and she wrapped her arms and legs around the potential father of her child as he filled her fertile reproductive system with potent babymaking sperm.

"Ahhgh! Ahh! Ohh!" she moaned, pleasure rolling through her with every pulse of his cum as he filled her up.

He pulled out and her panties snapped back over her vagina, trapping his seed within her as he lowered her to her feet. "That was marvelous, pretty Johanna," he complimented her, "but please, no mention of this to Persi or her mother, yes?"

She nodded, suddenly self-conscious. What was she doing, having sex with her best friend's mother's boyfriend? And letting him fill her unprotected pussy up with his sperm? She had no explanation for all the crazy things that had happened in the last few days.

Raj pressed the emergency stop button again and the elevator resumed its temporarily interrupted transit.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)