


GANESH, RAMU, AND ME
Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com>

From my couple Fan!
I am Radhika. I am 40 yr wife of Ganesh. We have been married for more than 18 years and led happy married life. Happy in the sense we had two sons who are undergoing higher education and we have no worry for them. I am talking about our sexual life! It was stale long back and my husband tried to spice it up by imaging me having sex with other males as he watched. The idea initially disgusted me but slowly I fell for it and now the talk made me cum many times as we had sex! So we were thinking of putting it into reality and Ganesh was very much interested in it. We were looking out for some opportunity though! It came in too.

I awoke late Saturday morning around 9:30am to find the sunlight gently glowing  into my bedroom.  The glow that illuminated the room inspired me to have my tea while sitting at my window seat on the second floor.  As I lay against the pillows, I felt the rays of sun bathe my body in glorious warmth.  I saw the construction man do the repairs of the wall just outside our Balcony. His appearance left me breathless; he was handsome and masculine.  Ganesh, my husband, had been out of town for a week and I was very restless and really starved for sex.  The children were away to their college and I was alone in the house. Seeing the construction man made me crave the endless hours of lovemaking that I was sure Ganesh and I would share upon his return home.

I knew only that the construction man's name was Ramu.  His skin was darkened by the sun, his hair was curly and brown. It was the blackest of black that I had ever seen.  He was built well, his arms and legs were muscular and looked very powerful.  The tight shorts he wore showed rounded, tight ass, and a bulge up front that made me stir as I watched him lift and carry his supplies. Ganesh had asked him to come on Saturday this week to complete the repairs. 

I wanted to get a closer look at him; he was very arousing to me.  I decided the best way to get closer was to go to the Balcony. I went to my dressing table and put on a thin tight gown with the upper two buttons undone. No Bra or panties inside!  As I was putting it on, I tried to imagine what he would be thinking when he saw me in the gown.  After I was dressed up, I went to my mirror to make adjustments for the maximum benefit...visibility!  My image was highlighted by the shadows of my nipples and my pubic hair that the transparent gown would allow to show through.

My breasts are firm 34", and very high on my chest.  The stitching of the gown pulled them even higher and made them even more full, my cleavage was exposed and looked very provocative.  I wondered out loud, "why have I always been so sensitive with my cleavage," as I turned sideways to see my flattened belly and rounded ass.  They composed perfection against my strong legs and thighs.  My dark pubic hair that was
exposed was beginning to glisten with the moistness that had begun to seep from deep within my choot.

I wasn't really interested in having sex with Ramu; I just wanted to watch him look at my body.  I wanted to see him get a hard on in those tight little shorts as he took in my assets.  I liked it when I could dress seductively inducing men to admire my body.  I enjoyed wondering what they were thinking while they looked at me, fantasizing about what they would do to me if they had the chance.

I walked towards the sliding glass doors that lead to the balcony.  The marbled floor was cold and it brought my nipples to full attention.  As I felt them become firm, I said aloud, "More for Ramu to enjoy!"  With that, I slid the door open and stepped out into the open.  The noise of the door opening prompted Ramu to look around for the source.  His eyes caught mine as I gracefully continued my walk.

"Hello Ramu, I'm Mr. Ganesh's wife."  I looked at him as I spoke.  "Hello, I'm glad to meet you, Ganesh has spoken of you before but I never imagined that you would be quite
so athletic." Ramu was looking deep into my eyes, and I felt the bond begin to build between us.  I asked if it would bother him if I sat there while he worked.  
"It's no problem at all Madam, I'm sure that I would enjoy your company  I felt his eyes pierce my body and take in my assets. I had been  swaying  my hips as I walked and then sat down on a chair reclining in it comfortably.

I wanted to have a good view of Ramu, while allowing him to easily see me laying out.  I sat on the chair stretching my body and making my breasts look prominent.  I felt the excitement begin to rush through my body.  I decided to go all the way with this whole thing, so I put my hands behind my back to show him my full breasts.  I looked up at him as my gown slid as I was exposing my breasts.  He was watching me!  I let my lips form a soft smile as I returned his steady gaze.  He quickly went back to his work.

I laid down on the chair and pushed my gown up exposing my naked legs to his stare. My soft pubic hair showed clearly through the gown and I just put my hand there to caress it.    Ramu was still busily focusing his attention on the work before him, I knew that he wanted to look at me, and I gave him every available opportunity to do exactly that.  "Ramu, will you please bring that bottle of oil on the dressing table for me?I just forgot to bring it out."  
He turned towards me, and I watched him look at the vision of my chootand breasts.  "Sure, I will do that!"  Our gaze on each other was firm as he turned towards the bedroom.  I watched his ass as it swayed slightly with each pace he took and I felt myself became very aroused.  My nipples became rigidly hard as he approached
me with the bottle of oil in hand.  "Oh thanks."  Ramu just looked at me with a very sexy grin that encouraged me to start up a more "interesting" conversation.

I took the oil from his hand and opened the lid. " Ohhhhhh! My whole body is aching! Can you please massage my body? You are so strong! And you would remove all that pain. Please ! can you?"
I handed him the oil bottle and signaled him to follow me into the bedroom. He looked very flushed at the thought of touching me at the parts he was staring and he obediently followed me inside. I went inside and lay on my stomach oh the bed. Now I had to take off the gown so that he could rub my body and show that I was shy doing it, just pretend to be. He was ready for his massage and was waiting for my instructions. I slowly pulled my gown from my legs and then asked him to help me remove it.
	" Ramu! Will you please remove that gown so that you wont have any trouble in massaging my body? Go ahead, don't be shy!"
	He was waiting for this and he slowly lifted the gown up my body exposing my buttocks, then my back and finally off it went from my body! Now I lay on the bed totally naked on my stomach showing him my naked behind. "Rub my back and my shoulder muscles with your strong hands Ramu!" I said.
	He poured the oil on my back and spread it all over the skin. Some of it tickled down onto my breasts and I had to lift up my body so that the bed sheet wont spoil. He looked at me and then his hands wandered over my bare skin and rubbed the muscles there.His hands felt wonderful on my body and it made me really hot. I had not yet shown him my assets as I was lying on my stomach. So I re-positioned myself and lay on my back facing him. TO hell with the bed sheets, they must have been stained with the oil! He jumped at my sudden move and looked stunningly at my naked breasts that sprang to life.
	"Come on Ramu, that's where there is real pain. Pour oil on my chest and rub it into the soft flesh."

Ramu poured the oil over my left breast and let it drip down to coat my already hard nipple, he watched as the oil oozed across the topside of my breasts  He reached towards my breasts and began to rub the oil into my nipple area with moderate pressure.  I let my eyes close as I felt his fingers caress the very tips of my nipple.  I opened my eyes to find him staring straight at me waiting for my reply.  What I felt for the next fifteen minutes or so was absolutely luxurious.I again watched as he held the bottle above my other breast and let even more oil run down onto it.  He watched as the droplets intersected
with my skin and slid down to my chest.  He then squeezed small puddles of oil onto my belly, legs, and the top of my pussy.  I felt the oil run down the inside of my inner thighs and onto my asshole.  He began to massage my breasts and belly with his strong hands as I felt my choot getting wet.  He talked about how wonderful my body was and how much he enjoyed touching it.  I said absolutely nothing.  He began his decent to my lower body, slowly rubbing the oil deeper into my skin.  I felt his lund getting harder as it was pressed against the side of my torso.  He began moaning slightly with each stroke of his hands.

I closed my eyes as he let two fingers slide onto the center of my choot, I watched him taste my sweet juices on his fingers after he had felt that I was very hot.  I let him massage the oil onto my choot as well as my upper thighs.  I kept my eyes closed and
imagined that what it would feel like if his lund were inside of my choot His fingers caressed in small circular motions over my thighs, he would then trace lines up to the opening of my choot and massage my clit.  My body was moving gently against his hand while I sighed and moaned in pleasure.  I opened my eyes to see him gazing fondly between my legs.  He asked me if he can do more than massage.I wondered what he was thinking...he knew Ganesh was my husband, and I didn't know how to reply. It surprised me when circumstances were set up so that I didn't have to reply. 
 I looked up at my bedroom door to see Ganesh standing there. He had a very knowing smile on his face that I knew well.  It suddenly occurred to me that he had been standing there watching for quite awhile.  "Well Ramu, how are you doing your work?"  Ganesh said as he waved to me and began to enter the bed room door.  Ramu jumped franticly, I'm sure he was frightful of what might happen next.  "Oh Mr.Ganesh...yes, I have been working on the construction and just came in for a glass of water. I guess I'll be getting on my way now."  Ramu was beginning to move away from my naked body as Ganesh was coming towards me.  
"I don't think that there is any reason for you to leave now, I mean, after all, I'm not here to catch you two...especially my wife and you!"  Ramu was dumfounded as he searched endlessly for a reply, it seemed as if hours had gone by before he finally spoke out. 
 "I take it to mean that you don't mind what I was doing?"  Ganesh came closer too  both of us.

He looked at me and smiled, then turned to Ramu, " I don't prohibit any man from enjoying your body, I simply like to be there when it comes time for her to be fucked.  "You   see Ramu we don't believe in going outside of our marriage for sexual intercourse, but I believe full well in letting others watch and participate, to a point, while we do."  Ramu seemed quite relieved as he started back towards Ganesh and I. Ganesh said, "I'm glad to know that, Radhika is a beautiful woman and I would consider it a pleasure if I could see her get a fucked from you!"

Ganesh reached down and pulled at one of my nipples, I let my head fall back and arched my back so that he could show Ganesh how valid his words were.  Ganesh pulled his trunks off, his lund was already firm with anticipation.  He swung a leg over the bed so that his crotch was right in front of my mouth.  I leaned to the side to see Ramu watching closely.  I smiled generously at him and returned my focus to Ganesh.

I took his lund in my hand and lead it to my mouth.  Starting at the top, I licked all the way to his balls, increasing the pressure as I went along.  Ganesh's eyes were closed as he began to push deeper into my throat.  Ramu came around to our side so that he could get a better view of all that what was going on.  I was soaking Ganesh with my saliva as he plunged deeper into me.  He had taught me years earlier that I have to relax when I performed fellatio.  I had to curl my tongue to cover as much area of his lund as I could. Then I began the suction from the deepest possible point of my mouth.  I also liked it when he would pump my mouth just as he would my cunt.  He would begin short strokes, only allowing the tip of his head to enter my mouth, then pushing deeper into my throat. 
I had to taste his come, but before long I was draining every drop from him, and enjoying it every bit as much as only a true slut could.

Ramu had his shorts dropped to his ankles; he was playing with his lund with one hand and and balls with the other. I motioned for him to come in closer to Ganesh and me.  Ganesh watched me as I removed my mouth from him and began to lick Ramu's lund with the tip of my tongueHe was looking down at my mouth, his eyes partially closed, as I took him into my throat.

"Oh Madam! you like to suck my lund. You have those luscious lips that were created with exactly that in mind."  Ramu was pumping his lund deep into my mouth and  I was sucking him harder with each stroke. Ganesh began to move down towards my pussy, I could feel the wetness that had built from our encounter.  I knew that I was close to orgasm but I wanted to wait until they both could join me.

Ganesh spoke with a soft voice.  "I hope that you are enjoying yourself, Ramu seems to be doing wonderfully.  While he is filling that precious throat, I think I'll put something in your choot box!"  Ganesh said.  I knew what was coming next and I couldn't wait.  I felt my legs tremble as I stood to wait for Ganesh's instructions.  "Why don't you get down on all fours so that Ramu and I will be able to take better care of you."?  I bent over and rested my body on my hand and knees.  My ass was arched high in the air so that both Ganesh and Ramu could see the juices dripping down my inner thighs.

Ramu came up in front of me and also got down on his knees.  "I like to see you like this, it makes it more pleasurable when I can see your face while my lund is in your mouth."  With that I licked my lips and opened my mouth wide for him to enter me.  Ganesh was behind me rubbing his lund against my choot-lips as I started sucking Ramu's lund with great strength.  "Radhuka, you are so wet, that makes me know for
sure that you like getting it from both ends!"  I felt as if I were about to explode, my legs were trembling with glory and I didn't know how much longer I could hang on.

Ganesh slid his rigid lund up into my tight choot and began pumping only the head.  He knew that I liked to be teased, and he loved to keep me on edge as to what was going to happen next.  I was in total ecstasy, Ganesh was pumping deeper and deeper into me and Ramu was frivolously fucking my throat. Knowing that Ganesh had been watching Ramu and I playing increased my pleasure ten-fold.

Ramu began to fuck my mouth with a fervor that wouldn't stop, he was pushing into me just like he would fuck a choot  "Ohhhhhhhhh! I am going to cum in your mouth...I want you to swallow all of it!"  His voice was shaky and broken.  Ganesh pushed in as he grabbed the sides of my ass and pulled me harder and harder onto him.  "I hope that you are ready to cummmm. Ramu, I'm fixing to blow my top too!"  They both were giving it to me with a force I had never experienced.  I looked up at Ramu, his eyes were closed tightly as I felt his pressure increase.

I felt my choots was pulsating and I felt it tighten as I tried to hold off just a little longer, but it was no use.  I let out a low, deep moan as I felt my cum gush and coat Ganesh's lund.  They both followed my lead and pumped ferevishly...intensifying their plunges with every stroke.  Ganesh's juices rushed forward into me and then began to flow back out onto the bed.  Ramu's juices shot out and torpedoed the back of my throat.  I couldn't hold all of it and so it seeped out and down the sides of my mouth.  They both slowed their motions to release all of their spunk into my choot and mouth.  I tightened my suction on Ramu's lund, and my muscles contracted on Ganesh so that I drained every last drop from them both.

They both pulled out and together they pulled me to my feet.  My whole body was shaky from the experience, so my balance wasn't what it usually was.  Both Ramu and Ganesh embraced me from their respective sides...they held me for a moment.  Ganesh broke the silence, "Ramu, after the party tomorrow we'll need another cleaning offf...why don't you come by around 8pm?"  Ramu simply nodded in agreement.  I  looked straight at him winked, and kissed him on the cheek.  "See you  then Ramu, we will all know each other a lot better after tomorrow night...at least I hope so!"  He looked down at me, "I look forward to my next service call, I'll definitely be here!"

While Ramu turned and retrieved his belongings and supplies, Ganesh gently placed a familiar kiss on my nose, and then my forehead.  He then reached for my hand and we went together into the house. "I love you Ganesh darling, more than you could ever know,"  I cooed. Ganesh had been away from me for a whole week and I longed to
lie naked next to his body.  I squeezed his hand gently and said, "why don't we take some rest, we'll need to get rested up for Ramu's next service call."  We just looked at each other and smiled a very satisfied smile, and laid down to do exactly that.




