THE AFTERMATH
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 7 (Part 1)


This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't do rewrites, alterations or add pictures."

Chapter 7 (Part 1) Pre-sale Inspections: The Fourth Slave.

Dave Matheson has reason to be pleased. Having just farewelled the slave-breeder, Theodore Russell and his stud-master, Silas Hacker, he reflects on the good fortune that this morning's inspections of Andy Trevorrow's three slaves have brought him.

Firstly, there was the completely unexpected visit from the Middleton sisters. Through their interest in the two blond slaves, he has made contact with the previously aloof Middleton family. If he plays his cards right, he should be able to turn this to his advantage. 

The prospect of doing business with the Middleton's is one that he will work at most assiduously. To receive any business from the Middleton's, no matter how small, will elevate his slave dealership from its current state of mediocrity to a level he's always considered unachievable. It will give his modest operation the same respectability and prestige as that enjoyed by a select few of the city's larger and more upmarket slave dealers.

With his imagination in full flight, he even considers giving his current premises a facelift; and of course he will need to change his firm's motto from the tawdry sounding `For That Special Slave-Talk to Dave' to something a little more subtle; more in keeping with the refinement that an association with the Middleton family demands.

Then, there was the wholly successful inspection of Andy's Trevorrow's steward by Theo and Silas. There isn't any doubt in his mind that the slave has pleased the slave-breeder and this augurs well for the follow-up inspections to which the slave will be subjected. Of course, the slave is most impressive and it would be a jaded buyer who didn't appreciate this. 

Dave is pleased with his suggestion to Andy Trevorrow that the slave would have great appeal as a breeder. After many years in the slave business, he has a nose for such matters and he is rarely wrong in assessing a slave's true value and potential use. And he believes it was the slave's good showing that had convinced Theo Russell to appoint him as the selling agent for the surplus Redgrove slaves.

His day, thus far, is proving both satisfactory and profitable and he still has the imminent showing of the fourth Trevorrow slave to look forward to. He is confident that this inspection will prove as successful as the previous two inspections.

                                                      >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

He had looked in on the fourth slave prior to Theo Russell's arrival and had been delighted with the way the slave presented. The slave is truly `pleasing to the eye' and possesses an impressive physique. His body is youthful but well developed and while it lacks the bulk of the two blond slaves, it is finely honed and with a clearly defined musculature. 

Looking at the slave, Dave decides he is better looking than the blonds. His face is crowned by cropped, jet-black hair and is dominated by the hazel eyes, a straight nose and full red lips that part to reveal sound, white teeth. Broad shouldered and narrow waisted, the slave has a strong chest of thick muscle and well-defined abdominal muscles centred on a deeply indented navel. Both pectorals are crowned by large areolae that are home to two very pert nipples and Dave wonders if they'll be ringed by the slave's new owner. His understanding is that the bodies of most pleasure slaves wear some piercings. 

Dave eyes roam down over the slave's chest and belly and come to rest at the long, thick cock resting slightly to the left of two prominent balls suspended between strong thighs. Even as he looks, Dave notices the first stirrings of the cock as it begins its journey to a full erection. It would appear that the slave is eager and easily aroused. Dave supposes this attribute will serve the slave well should he become a pleasure
slave.

Ordered to `turn around' the slave now presents his `V' shaped back for Dave's scrutiny. Dave's gaze wanders from the broad shoulders down over the strong back to the narrow waist where it pauses to assess that part of the slave that will contribute most significantly to his future as a pleasure slave -his shapely, curvaceous ass.

Dave, a heterosexual and self-proclaimed ladies' man has, never-the-less, over the years become an expert on judging those features of a slave's body that most appeal to a master who wants to use him for pleasure; and this slave is well equipped for such a task. His firm, well-rounded buttocks are a delight to the eye and the deep dividing crevice hints at their hidden delights. Dave imagines the many pleasures that will be found there. As he looks, Dave sees a gentle quivering of the slave's flanks and he wonders - is it due to excitement or fear?

He recalls that Andy Trevorrow had said this slave likes to fuck and not to be fucked. He imagines that the slave, in his new calling as a pleasure slave, is about to be rudely awakened to the realities of his new life. The future opportunities for the slave to indulge his preference to give rather than receive will be almost non-existent. Still there could be those rare occasions when he will be called upon to serve rather than be served. Although he isn't a visitor to the city's casinos and pleasure palaces, Dave is well aware of what happens in such places.

Within the privacy of the pleasure palaces, Dave knows that pleasure slaves are often called upon to stage elaborate tableaux where they demonstrate their sexual abilities and prowess with one another to an appreciative audience. And he has heard of the special `winner-takes-all' contests staged between slaves where the winning slave gets to fuck the looser. He understands these slaves are rigidly trained to ensure their performances are always fresh, innovative and entertaining to the palace's patrons.

Dave has never been to a casino or a pleasure palace. Always thrifty, he values his money too much to risk losing it in high risk gambling. Besides, he has seen the consequences of such foolishness at first hand. In recent times, he has been commissioned to sell several men who were enslaved for non-payment of gambling debts.

Invariably, these men were aged in their thirties and forties -not a good age to begin life as a slave. Without exception, they were well past their prime with neglected, paunchy bodies. 

As they stood naked on the auction block, these new slaves attracted a lot of laughter and ridicule but very few bids. Consequently they sold very cheaply and found themselves condemned to the most menial labour; usually chained to an assembly line in some sweat-shop of a factory or, if they were lucky, used as a cleaner in a public washroom. Dave reflects that not only is "a foolish gambler and his money soon parted" but that the gambler also loses his freedom.

                                                    >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Still sitting at his desk, Dave is pleasantly daydreaming.  His feverish imagination is busy making plans for the future should he be given the opportunity to do business with the Middleton family.

As it is, he is assured of acting on behalf of Theo Russell in the sale of his twenty-three slaves - that much is certain. He has much to do before their sale, however. Firstly, he will need to visit Redgrove and ascertain whether or not they make the grade as pleasure slaves. Should they do so, then he'll need an extensive advertising campaign to promote them as such to as wide a clientele as possible. 

Already, he is doing the mental arithmetic necessary to work out how much commission their sales will bring his way. He is delighted at the figure he arrives at.

Suddenly, these thoughts are interrupted by Sandra, his secretary who announces the arrival of `Lucky' Simon Jackson, owner of the five stars Crystal Springs Hotel/Casino complex and its associated gentlemen's' facility, the `Patroklos Club'.

                                                    >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The slave is standing at rest on his viewing platform. He is aware that one of the steward's assistants is positioned in the room somewhere behind him. He has been on the platform since early morning and hasn't any idea of the time; he feels only a sense of boredom. The only break in the monotony of his long wait occurred some hours ago when the dealer and his steward had made a brief visual inspection of him. The silence is broken by the sounds of his laboured breathing and that of the slave assistant.

Occasionally, his nervous fidgeting causes his ankle chain to rattle. There isn't any conversation as neither slave has been given permission to speak. He is left to stand in silence and is lost in the solitude of his troubled thoughts.

The slave is lonely and frightened. He misses the companionship of the two blond slaves. He wants nothing more than to return to them in their pen. He feels secure when he is with them. He too was a victim of the same war that saw him and the two cousins swept up and consigned to the slave market in the south. Like them, he was bought by the old master and assigned to the back breaking labour in the fields of the Trevorrow farm. 

Over the years, he has grown to love the cousins as the family he'd lost when he was enslaved. He is unaware that they have already been subjected to their own inspections by the Middleton sisters and their major domo. But for now, he awaits his own inspection with uncertainty and trepidation.

The slave possesses a long, suppressed intelligence. His background is entirely different to that of the two cousins. Their boyhood experiences were the simple carefree existence of the farm; their characters and personalities defined by the land and the seasons. 

However, his boyhood was different; he was city bred and his family had included academics and professionals. As a brilliant scholar at school, he had delighted his teachers and pleased his parents. But all this was lost to him when he was taken captive and sold into slavery. Buried deep within him is a secret hatred of the men who have changed him from being a thinking, reasoning person into a mindless, obedient and   beast-of-burden.

He soon learned that his intelligence hadn't any place in his new life as a slave. As a slave, he was deprived of all intellectual stimuli - slaves are strictly denied access to books, newspapers and writing material. Any slave caught breaking this rule is subject to the severest of punishments - repeat offences result in death. What happens in the world beyond their slavery is of no concern to a slave. 

Slaves are routinely conditioned not to think or reason; their only intellectual response is to hear and obey without question. This helps to re-enforce the widely held belief of their owners' that slaves possess a low mental capacity - after all, no master wants to think he is less intelligent than his slaves. 

The slave retains a hidden anger and resentment at what has been taken from him.

His first days of slavery had been hard for him. Unlike the cousins who were used to farm-life he had struggled with the strangeness of his new existence and the rigours of the unaccustomed hard, manual labour. However, he had learned quickly under the canes and the whips of the overseers. 

And in those first, grim days of his slavery, he was befriended and comforted by the cousins. In his misery, he welcomed their friendship and in time he came to love them as brothers in adversity. As they grew older this bond between the three slaves strengthened.

Inevitably, in the highly-charged and promiscuous atmosphere of the slave stables this love of one another took on physical dimensions and soon all three slaves were enthusiastically enjoying sex with each other. This remains the only bright spot in the bleakness of his existence.

The slave has no illusions about the seriousness of his plight. The memories of his sale six years earlier are still fresh in his memory. He knows that in a couple of days he will, once more, be placed on public display and that his naked body will be poked, prodded and explored by any free man who wishes to examine him. 

Then, this will be followed by the ultimate humiliation of standing on the auction block with his head bowed in submission. He recalls the noise and clamour of his first sale as the buyers enthusiastically bid for him. He trembles at the prospect of his impending sale.

He knows the sale will separate him from his two blond friends and he is overwhelmed with sadness. This sadness is heightened by the thought that the two cousins, always so close to one another, could be sold to separate masters. He wonders if the likelihood of this has occurred to them; the two are eternal optimists and he very much doubts it.

Silently, his eyes fill with tears at the thought of them being separated. His troubled mind rails against the cruel injustice of this possibility and against the ruthless iniquity of slavery. A suppressed sense of helplessness feeds his feelings of carefully concealed frustration.

He knows that he has been placed in this room for a purpose and he guesses that this is to display him to a potential buyer. He is aware that his master's steward, Toby, is similarly placed in another room. He wonders who is to inspect him and for what purpose. He is filled with dread.

His intuition tells him that this is a special viewing and this worries him. He recalls the good-natured teasing of his master's older slaves as they described to the younger slaves what masters `did' to handsome, young slaves. He shudders as he remembers their lurid depictions of masters forcibly and sexually using the mouths and asses of their young slaves.

In the seclusion of the slave stables, he has often been a willing party in similar acts with the two cousins. There, it is always done with mutual consent and for the mutual pleasure of the participants. 

The idea of being ordered to his knees and sucking a master to ejaculation is abhorrent to him. Equally repugnant is the notion of being ordered to spread his legs and open his hole as receptacle for a master's cock. He reasons this use of a slave's body is solely for the master's enjoyment and whether or not the slave derives any pleasure from such an act is totally irrelevant. . This use of a slave by his master is non- consensual and a demonstration of his complete ownership of the slave's body. He is filled with horror that such a fate now possibly awaits him.

Suddenly, he hears approaching voices and as people enter the room he immediately drops to the floor in the obeisance position.


To be continued ......................




