Further adventures into Exhibitionism
by jaysenr

Taking my exhibitionism to the next level.

   Following my exhibitionist awakening, hubby and I continued with the indoor erotic photography for several months. Hubby switched from film to a digital camera, and I was quietly disappointed as it no longer meant having to get the pictures processed. 
   Shortly after getting his first digital camera, we spent a weekend away in the countryside which was to become my first experience of outdoor nakedness and photography.
   On the first day of our little break we took a walk across country, heading for a waterfall we'd seen on the map. We'd only just started the walk, and had climbed out of the village to a hill top when we came across an old stone barn with no roof. The buzz of getting naked got hold of me right there and then and I made an excuse to disappear inside and look around. I left hubby outside taking some arty black and white shots of the barn, with no clue what I was doing.
   Inside I stripped off completely, including my walking boots. The excitement was nothing like I had felt before. Naked and outdoors; my pussy was soaking wet already and I was trembling inside with excitement.
   As casually as I could, I wandered outside, which was no mean feat considering there were old bricks scattered everywhere. Hubby looked very surprised and very happy, which was a relief because we'd not actually discussed doing this.
   We had an impromptu naked photo shoot at an old barn. Hubby eventually moved further away, he liked getting a lot of background in to show me naked in the environment. After he'd got a few shots, we kissed and hubby got down on his knees. I shuddered at the touch of his tongue. We didn't take it any futher, I preferred to enjoy the aniticipation of getting back to the hotel, so I got dressed and we carried on walking.
   As we arrived at a river which fed the waterfall, I disappeared over a hill whilst hubby was taking some landscapes. Again, I got completely naked and ran out from behind the hill to surprise hubby who was really pleased at this second photo shoot. He clicked away as I posed up a storm next to, and even in the river. 
   We got back to the hotel and I was barely through the door when I was pushed on to the bed and Hubby was ripping off my clothes. The sex after our photo shoots was always great, but this time Hubby was an animal. I climaxed as soon as his tongue touched my pussy, and then several times as his cock pushed in and out of me. We both collapsed and slept for an hour and actually missed evening meal.
   The next day hubby wanted to take more photos. There was a large old window in our room, with a low window sill, big enough to stand on and he wanted to take some glamour shots of me.
   I agreed but having been in my "outdoor" gear yesterday, I said I wanted to put on some make up and nice lingerie first. I could hear the floor creaking as hubby paced around outside the room whilst I got ready.
   When he came back in I was wearing a lacy bra and see through, lacy french knickers. Not terribly inventive but it was all I had with me.
   I started by posing in a old chair next to the windows. After several shots I reached behind me, unclasped my bra and removed it, freeing my boobs. Again, the trembling excitement of being topless on camera built inside of me.
   I moved to the window, glancing down into the deserted garden of our accomodation.  I slowly stripped off my panties, pushing them slowly down past my neatly trimmed bush. I sat on the edge of the window, spread my legs and coyly covered my pussy with my hand as Hubby carried on shooting.
   Hubby asked me to stand on the window sill. I was very turned on by this point and the window was large with a low sill, I didn't really give it much thought and stepped up.
   I pulled a few poses, a little coy at first but again the adrenalin took over and I was very soon standing with my legs apart, hands on hips grinning from ear to ear knowing this was probably the most exposed I had been on camera; I wasn't even wearing shoes. I knew my pussy lips were swollen and wet, and I knew hubby could see them clearly now.
   I turned around so he could get some rear shots, with me looking over my shoulder. After a couple of poses, me with my hand on my ass, on my hips, etc, I turned back towards the window and looked out and down into the grounds of the hotel.
   Immediately I saw them. A group of three male hikers, dressed in waterproofs, staring up at our first floor window. They were only about thirty feet away from me standing there leaving nothing, and I mean nothing, to the imagination.
   I covered myself quickly with my arms and jumped down from the window sill with a shriek, but the buzz was amazing. I trembled inside and giggled. 
   I told hubby about the guys being there. He said not to worry and that I should carry on and ignore them. So with my heart racing, and a new found bravery, I stepped onto the window again intent on showing the guys everything. Again. But they were gone and I was disappointed. Sorry guys, you really should've hung around a little longer.
   Being on show for the three guys gave me an idea. I walked past hubby and out of the hotel room door. I stood and posed in the corridor, knowing (hoping?) that anyone could turn the corner. I went for a little walk and arrived at the top of the stairs, with hubby still shooting. Sadly no one was around, but I returned to the room feeling incredibly excited.
   I sat back on the window sill, and opened my legs wide again. My hand slid down to my pussy and started exploring. The merest touch sent shivers through my body. I slid onto the floor and lay with my legs wide open. I pulled apart my pussy lips and literally begged him to take more photos. I pushed my fingers inside me, all the while hearing the click of the camera. 
   Hubby couldn't contain himself much longer and he threw himself on me and fucked me hard. I can't describe how intense the orgasms were. 
   But all the while, I was thinking about standing in the window, naked, legs apart, with those guys look up at me. I realised they would have had a very detailed view of my pussy from down there. Which sent me into more orgasms. 
   We did a lot more outdoor photography after that and we've carried on having photo shoots and great sex since. I'm now early 50's and my latest shoot was only a couple of months ago. In the last fifteen years, I've been spotted whilst on a shoot lots of times. I've always really enjoyed those moments.
   Twice we've had van drivers stop and watch as I've got naked during the photo shoot. I was a little nervous with the first guy and covered up a little, but I confess I was excited by the prospect and eventually took off my top to show him my boobs.
   On the second occasion, I was completely naked but up to my waist in a corn field. As the van driver pulled up I instinctively covered my breasts with my arms. He waited and watched and so feeling incredibly brave (and turned on) I uncovered my breasts and let my hands rest gently on my waist. Hubby was clicking away as I looked right at the van driver.  Without taking my eyes off his van I walked towards hubby, out of the field and posed by the narrow roadside, naked. I turned to my left which had me directly facing the van driver and pulled a few more poses.  I actually waved at the driver, who seemed very embarrassed and actually drove off. That was a buzz.
But I'm getting ahead of myself.
    
 