Bob And The Girl Next Door
by Octave888888

Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 07

Anna disrupts Grant's work.

The next days continued in what had somehow become our usual manner. Olivia would go to work, and Anna would lay out. I would work at home in the morning and join her outside for lunch. Anna would tease me, and I would sometimes tease back, but we restrained ourselves from going further. Then in the evening, if we were able, she'd give me a show from her window.

There was one day, however, where things went too far. I had a deadline coming up, so I was working through lunch. Anna had texted me to come out, but I answered I couldn't that day.

She came inside instead. "So this is where you're hiding," she said, entering my home office. "Hi Bob!" she said to the bulldog who awoke from his nap to get her attention.

"Anna, I'm kind of busy right now," I told her, barely looking away from my computer screens. One glance was enough to tell me she was wearing a tank top and a short skirt today.

"So you said," she responded. "I won't bother you."

But she did. She started going through some of my books and papers on the nearby table. Then she opened the file cabinet and peered inside.

"Anna..." I warned.

"What? I'm being quiet."

"You're being nosy. And you're distracting me."

She shrugged. She continued to rifle through my files, then closed the drawer. She ambled over to my desk, and opened one of the drawers to my right.

"What are you doing now?" I asked, irritated.

"Just looking. You've got a lot of stuff in there." Anna took out a staple remover, the kind that looks like it has fangs. "Hello," she said, making it move like a mouth. Then she smirked at me.

It was only when she smirked when I realized what she was doing. She was deliberately distracting me. "You're being naughty," I told her.

She shrugged again. "So?"

"Naughty girls get punished."

She smirked again. "You're going to punish me?"

I reached out and grabbed her wrist and forced her closer to me. By the look on her face, I had surprised her. I was surprising myself too. I'd never done this kind of thing before. I'd maybe seen some porn videos like it, but no first-hand experience.

Still, I was going to commit to the scheme. "Bend over," I commanded.

"No, daddy..." she whined.

"I said bend over!" I forced her down onto my lap, bent over me. Her head was now on my left, facing down, and her perfect little ass was on my right. I used my left hand to hold her down, while my right hand held her legs.

She squirmed under my force. But not enough to break free. If she'd wanted to get away, she could. This squirming was just for show. "Daddy, what are you doing?" she asked, fully aware of what was going to happen next.

My right hand rubbed her thighs. "Naughty girls get punished," I repeated. I flipped up her skirt, and exposed her ass. The pink thong hid almost nothing from view. "This underwear is naughty too," I told her. "What boys are you teasing with this?"

"No boys, daddy. Just for you."

"So then you come in here and disrupt my work?" I rubbed my hand over her creamy white butt cheek. "I'll have to do something about that."

She wriggled again, though it was all an act. "What are you going to do, Daddy?"

I paused. What was I going to do? I drew on what I had seen in videos and read in online stories. "I'm going to spank you, baby. I want you to count out loud."

Then I spanked her on her exposed right cheek. I'd never spanked a woman before. And I was almost certain she'd never been spanked (at least not this way). I hoped I didn't hit her too hard, because there was a moment that she didn't say anything. Bent over, I couldn't see the reaction on her face.

It seemed like minutes, but I'm sure it was only two seconds. Then she finally said aloud, "One."

I inwardly sighed in relief. I rubbed her where I'd made contact, then drew my hand back again, and spanked the same spot.

"Two."

Number three went to her left cheek instead, which I think caught her by surprise. Then four was on her right again, and five on her left. Anna dutifully counted each one as directed.

Then I let my hand slip down between her thighs, under the thin pink fabric. "You're soaking wet."

"Yes, Daddy."

"Did you enjoy being punished?" I rubbed her sopping pussy lips.

"No!" she quickly answered.

"I think you did," I said. "I think you got excited, and your pussy is proof. Tell the truth now," I demanded, and I slid a finger inside.

She gasped, and cried out. "Yes Daddy, I wanted you to see me in my thong. I wanted you to touch me there."

"You decided to dress like a slut for your Daddy?" I asked, hoping I didn't go to far by calling her a slut.

"Yes, but only for you." She was whimpering now as I worked my fingers in her.

"Does my little slut want me to keep going?"

"Yes please, Daddy, please."

I pulled my fingers out, and she whined from their exit. But I quickly pulled down her thong and it fell to her knees. Then I was pushing back inside with two fingers. "You will only dress like that for me," I commanded.

"Yes Daddy."

"This pussy belongs to me."

"Yes, it belongs to you." She wriggled on my lap, clearly getting off on our little act.

But I couldn't let her cum. I pulled my fingers out, and she moaned in desperation. "I bet you want to cum. But you're being punished. Naughty girls don't get to cum," I told her, wiping her juices from my fingers on her bare ass. "And you have yet to apologize."

"I'm sorry, Daddy," she said, slipping off my lap. She knelt on the floor in front of me. "I really am. I won't disturb your work again." She smirked subtly again. We both knew this wouldn't be the last time.

"Are you truly sorry?" I asked, and she nodded eagerly. "You need to show how sorry you are." I unzipped my pants. My erection had been pressing tightly against the material for a while, I was relieved to pull it out. "Come here."

Anna leaned in towards me. "What do I do?" she asked innocently.

"Take me in your mouth, baby." She opened her cute little mouth and wrapped her lips around my cock. I almost came right there. "That's right," I told her. "Use your tongue a little. Now look up at me."

Oh my God. This was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. This teenage girl was sucking my dick, and staring up at me with wide eyes. I knew she'd never done this before - she'd told me before - but she was doing a great job.

Just then, my computer played a ringtone. My boss was trying to have a video call with me. Anna stopped and pulled away. "Where are you going?" I asked.

"Don't you have to..." she asked, looking confused.

"Get under the desk," I ordered.

She grinned. "Are you sure?" She started crawling underneath.

"You're not done being punished," I told her. "I want you to suck me off until I tell you to stop." I pulled my chair into the desk and straightened my shirt.

"Yes, Daddy," Anna replied obediently, and took me back into her warm, wet mouth.

I answered the call, making sure nothing inappropriate could be seen. "Hi Bill," I said to my boss. I tried to act as normal as possible, as if there weren't a vixen teasing my meat.

"Hi Grant. Hey, would you be up for another trip?"

"Sure, back to Phoenix?"

"Yes. This is probably the final one. They're really happy with you, Grant."

Anna took that moment to really try to take me deep into her mouth, and I had to fight a groan. "Mmhmm," I said, covering the sound. "I'm happy they like my work."

Anna then tried to deep throat me. She'd probably heard about it, maybe seen a video, and wanted to try it. If I wasn't on the video call, I'd have told her not to try it her first time. But she tried and gagged, and banged her head on the underside of my desk.

Bill heard the thump. "What was that?" he asked.

"Oh, nothing, just Bob being clumsy," I quickly lied. Bob was asleep in the corner, of course.

Anna stopped trying to take me in her throat, and for the next minute and a half, I got a pleasant, relaxing blow job while Bill filled me in on the details of my next trip. The mundane work call distracted me just enough to keep me from finishing in Anna's mouth. When I signed off from the call, I rolled my chair out from the desk. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," Anna said with a goofy grin. "Just got overzealous, I guess."

"Yeah, I'd say so." I stood, and helped her off her knees. Her thong panties were still wrapped at her ankles. My pants had fallen down too. I pulled her close to me, and felt my dick slide under her skirt. I could feel the heat from her virgin pussy. "Have you learned your lesson?" I asked, looking straight into her eyes.

"Yes, Daddy. I'll never disrupt you at work again." She rubbed her forehead, but she tried to act properly chastised.

"Good girl," I said, and she smiled from the praise. Her body moved slightly, and her juicy mound rubbed on my erection.

Deadlines be damned.

I grabbed Anna and lifted her into my arms. She kissed me, fully, giving herself to whatever came next. And we both knew what was next. It had been building up for months now, and now, it was inevitable. I took her into my bedroom and laid her on the bed. I shed my shirt and she lost hers just as quickly. I helped her kick the skirt off. Now, both naked, was the moment we had both wanted.

"I'll be gentle," I told her, and she nodded. I moved over her, and kissed her tenderly. Again, our privates rubbed each other, but now nothing was in the way. I used my hand and aimed, and pushed into her entrance.

Anna gasped, and I pushed in a little more. I was taller than her, and I wished the height difference wasn't so great, so I could kiss her more, but her head was at my shoulder. "How does that feel?" I asked.

"Good, so good," she mumbled, "More."

I pushed in deeper. She was damn tight. Tighter than any girl I'd been with. Even my college girlfriends before my ex-wife weren't this tight. I guess it made sense, as Anna was probably also the youngest girl I'd ever been with, even when I was closer to that age.

When I pulled out and pushed in again, even deeper, Anna moaned. "Oh fuck. Fuck, it's so much better than I imagined."

I was glad she was enjoying it. I was too, but I was summoning all my will to not come right away. "Baby, are you on the pill?" I asked, hoping for even a moment to slow myself down.

Anna nodded. "Yes, Mom made sure."

I was glad for that, as the probability of me exploding in her was rising quickly. After a few delicious, slow strokes, I had to pull out.

Anna looked up to protest. "What?"

I quickly replaced my dick with my fingers inside her. "Sorry, I didn't want to ruin your first time by going off too quick." I knelt down between her legs and kissed her perfectly flat stomach. "Besides, I wanted to taste you," I whispered to her.

I continued working my fingers in her, while I dipped my head to her tiny bud. The instant my tongue made contact, she grabbed the bedsheets on either side of her. I tasted her juices - which were copious - and tasted... nothing. I guess I'd gotten used to a cloying taste from eating out my ex-wife Linda. But Anna tasted fresh, and clean, and pure.

And Anna loved it. Her fists were gripping the bed tightly as I paid homage to her most sacred shrine. I curled my fingers up and found what I thought was her G-spot, and was rewarded when she screamed and came on my face.

I withdrew my fingers after that, and nuzzled her thighs with my cheek, allowing her time to come down from her euphoria. "Oh my God. Oh my GOD! That was so... so intense."

I got up and laid on the bed next to her. By this point, I'd regained some control over my own orgasm. "We're not done yet," I told her.

She took the hint and climbed on top of me. She took my dick in her hand, and aimed it. "It's way bigger than my vibrator."

"Just go slow," I told her. She bit her lip and sank down, impaling herself on me. She let out little whimpers as she went, but she did follow my direction and go slowly.

Soon, I'd bottomed out into her. I looked down and saw a slight bit of gap between our pelvises. I didn't quite fit, but I would in time. Anna would stretch to fit me. "You're all the way in me," she gasped.

"Now ride me," I told her. "Find the pace you like, and ride me."

She lifted her petite body, and then lowered it. She reached forward and put her hands on my shoulders, and leaned forward against me a bit. "Ohh," she moaned, "if I do this, it rubs my clit a bit." She rode me that way, and was basically grinding me too.

I just looked up at the vision of loveliness above me. Blonde hair messy, mouth agape, nipples erect. Breathing heavy around small whimpers. Smooth skin rubbing against mine. By far, the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen, or heard, or felt.

"What?" she said, looking down at me. "You're smiling."

"You're just so gorgeous," I told her, and she grinned back. She rode me for another minute before she slowed down again.

"I want to change back," she told me. "I want you on top, and I want you to fuck me."

I certainly couldn't say no to that. She climbed off, and I laid her back down and quickly reentered her. "I love you," I told her.

"I love you too. Now fuck me, please!"

I thrusted into her, hard, and she groaned. "Yes! Like that! Fuck me harder!" I gave her the fucking she wanted, and she squealed under me. "Yes! Fuck me Grant!"

When I got close, I let her know. "Anna, I'm almost there."

"Me too, keep going, more more more... AAHH!" She came again, and I lost my load inside of her. There was something magical about it. Not just filling up a former-virgin teenage girl, though that was amazing. But it was the unlikely connection I'd made with this beautiful young woman that made me even happier.

I laid on the bed next to Anna, and she sighed happily. I laughed. "Feel different now that you're not a virgin?"

"Just full," she said, sliding a finger between her legs, playing with the jizz that was now leaking out. "And I'll probably be sore for a few days."

"Probably."

She rolled over and kissed me. "I love you. Thanks for taking my cherry."

"Thanks for giving it. And I love you too."

"I gotta go. Mom will be home soon," Anna said, and began looking for her discarded clothes. She found most of them, but her thong was still in my office. As she dressed, she looked at me. "Are you still going out with my mom?"

"I guess I have to, just once more," I told her. "Then I'll let her down gently. I don't want to hurt her, and I don't want to make her mad."

"She's definitely going to be mad if she finds out about us."

I nodded. "I figured. We'll have to break that to her gently too."

*****

I had to fly to Phoenix again that upcoming Sunday night, so Anna would again watch Bob for me. Before I left, I had a lunch date with Olivia that day on my patio, where I again recapped my evening with Anna for her. Olivia was very interested in my perspective of my relationship with Anna. I had to lie and omit details everywhere. I hoped my story didn't have conflicting details from what Anna had told her.

Anna came outside and joined us, midway through our meal. I'd served sandwiches and chips, and Anna grabbed a chip off her mother's plate. Olivia rolled her eyes, but slid her plate over a bit so she could eat a few more. "Thanks Mom," she said.

"Grant made lunch, thank him."

"Thanks Dad." She said it in a normal, non-sexy way, and said Dad instead of Daddy. It still made me a little uncomfortable, since she said it in front of Olivia.

I think it bothered Olivia too. "Not funny, Anna," she said.

"What?" Anna played innocent. "He's dating my mom."

"Anna." Olivia's tone was scolding.

Anna scoffed. "Sorry. It was a joke. I know you're not serious yet." She picked up her mother's sandwich and took a small bite.

"He's the first guy I've dated in a long while, don't scare him off."

But when Olivia wasn't looking, Anna and I shared a look. I couldn't help but feel bad for Olivia. She had no idea that there'd been a competition of sorts, and that she'd already lost. I was completely infatuated with her daughter. I just needed to figure out how to tell her.

*****

I had just flopped onto my hotel bed in Phoenix Sunday night when my phone dinged. Anna texted me. 'I'm in your bedroom.'

I grabbed my tablet and pulled up the live camera feed. Anna had brought my desk chair from my office into the bedroom, and placed it directly in front of the camera's vision. She was taking off her tank top to expose her naked breasts.

"I wanted you to see up close," she said aloud for the built-in microphone to pick up. "I don't have very long, Mom wants me back home." She stripped off her shorts and panties in one step, then leaned back in my chair and spread her legs for me. "Can you zoom in? Focus on my little pussy?"

I searched the app on the tablet, and turns out, yes I can. I adjusted the picture to focus on the lovely place between her thighs. Anna brought an object from out of the camera's field of vision, and I recognized it as her vibrator. She turned it on and rubbed up and down her slit. I could hear the subtle vibrations through the microphone.

She started to talk as she played with herself. "I keep thinking about you, Daddy. I think about you taking me, and coming inside me. It was so magical." She slid the vibrator inside and used it to fuck herself. "Oh, Daddy. I wish this was you. I wish it was your dick inside me Daddy!"

I undid my pants and freed my dick. My eyes, however, were glued to the screen. She continued to talk to me. "Daddy, I want you to fuck me again. Fuck my little girl pussy. I want your hot Daddy juice in my pussy." Her voice got a little louder and more strained as she drove herself to an orgasm. "I want you in me Daddy, I want you to make me cum, I'm gonna cum so hard for you.... DADDY!" She came, and watched her pelvic muscles twitch and her juices flow from her. She sat in the chair for a minute, withdrawing her vibrator and just rubbing herself lightly. Then she pulled her clothes back on. I zoomed the focus back out. She put her face in towards the camera, and gave it an air kiss. "Goodnight Daddy. See you in a few days."

I watched that video again, and stroked myself to it until I came too. But my favorite part was where she openly said, "I want you to fuck me again." I wanted that too. I'm glad we were on the same page.

*****

There were similar video sessions throughout my Phoenix trip. Thankfully, I was almost done with that job, so I'd probably only need to go once more.

But on the way back, I got texts from Olivia, asking for another date. It made me feel guilty. I had to seriously consider what I was doing with both women.

Olivia was, of course, closer to my age. It would be more socially acceptable for me to continue to date her. I didn't have serious romantic feelings for her, and I hadn't been dating her enough to determine if I would develop them.

On the other hand, I had Anna. Fourteen years younger than me, so it was a much larger age gap, but more important was that she was only 18 and technically still had one more semester of high school. We didn't have as many life experiences in common, but she was into many of the same things. She'd continued tending her garden throughout the summer, and she really wanted to get into advertising like me. It also helped that Anna was so damn irresistible. Everything about her was sexy to me. I had realized that these last couple of months, with Anna, I was having the hottest experiences I'd ever had. I'd fallen in love with her, and she with me.

The bottom line was this: I would need to break up with Olivia, and do it diplomatically, and soon, if I ever wanted to be with Anna. Olivia would likely not understand, and would certainly be furious about me and Anna. But it was even more unfair to her to pretend to date her, while still thinking about her lovely daughter.

But how to phrase it? 'I can't date you because I want to date your daughter instead.' No way. Maybe it was best to just stop dating Olivia for now, then wait a little while? Give some time in between? If I waited long enough, Anna would graduate high school and turn 19. Could I wait that long? Could Anna?

*****

In the end, I talked to Olivia and told her I didn't think we were going anywhere. I told her I'd rather be her friend than for us to hurt each other later. She was confused, thinking she'd done something wrong, but I assured her she didn't. In the end, I think she understood my reasoning. If we dated more, then broke up, it would suck to see each other all the time as next-door neighbors.

Anna stopped by the next afternoon, and we sat on my patio. "Mom told me you don't want to date her anymore."

"That's right."

"Does that mean you want to date me?" She grinned.

I smiled back. "Possibly. But if I did, I have no idea how to tell her that."

Anna's grin transformed downwards into a pensive frown. "Oh yeah." We both sat in silent thought for a few minutes.

"I don't suppose you can wait a few years?" I said, trying to make it a joke.

Anna didn't laugh. "No!" she said. "Please don't make me wait, Daddy. I need it!"

"Need what?" The voice from behind us made us both jump. We hadn't heard Olivia walk up behind us.

"Her car," I lied. "She needs her car. I promise I'll put together the money soon."

"She called you Daddy," Olivia pointed out. Then she put it together, and the look of realization on her face was quickly replaced by one of anger. "Are you sleeping with my daughter?" she demanded.

"No!" Anna and I both lied simultaneously.

"You," Olivia glared at me. "You're disgusting. Preying on a young girl. And you," she turned her attention at her daughter, who'd started to cry. Olivia grabbed her arm and forced her to stand. "You're coming home right now. And you will not talk to him anymore."

"Mom, no," Anna begged.

"Olivia, please, let me explain," I called after them, but Olivia was dragging Anna away.

"No. Leave my daughter alone, or, I'll..." she paused, thinking of a plausible threat, "I'll hurt you!" Then the door slammed, and they were gone.

