Amanda Tries Answering the Door
bysecret_admirer72116©

Amanda had just read my story "Answering The Door Naked" and it turned her on so much she decided she wanted to try it.

Amanda hadn't been laid in a few months and she had been getting herself off reading stories and watching videos but she knew she wanted more. Being a closet exhibitionist she decided it was time to let go and try something different. And since she came so hard while reading my story, she decided that was it. She wanted to answer her door naked!

So she called the maintenance man from her building and told him she was having a problem with her sink drain. She wasn't, but she thought that would get him up to her apartment quickly. So she poured some water on the floor under her sink and waited for her maintenance man to show up. She was totally naked and excited.

She had never seen her maintenance man so she didn't know if he was old, ugly, fat or gross. But that wasn't the point. She wanted to see the shock on his face when she opened the door naked. She'd play it by ear from there.

He was taking longer to get to her apartment than she thought. But Amanda passed the time practicing and masturbating. She envisioned a hunk standing there when she opened the door. She anticipated his taking her in his arms and fucking her against the wall. No, I'm not going to fuck him, she thought. I'm just going to let him look, maybe masturbate for him, maybe shut the door in his face, she laughed to herself. The point was, she wanted to be seen naked.

While waiting for him she came twice thinking about it. When she finally heard the knock on her door her pussy was soaking wet. She quickly wiped her pussy dry and went to the door. She peeked through the peephole. Hmmmm...nice! Well, it's showtime!

She whipped open the door. His mouth dropped open.

"Hi! Are you my maintenance man?" she said with as much enthusiasm as she could.

"Um...yeah," was his answer. He was having trouble where to look. Amanda wanted him to look at her body. She wanted him to see her shaved pussy and see how puffy her lips were. She wanted him to look at her great tits, and they were great. Everyone told her that. She let him look for a minute. He hasn't seen ANYTHING yet, she laughed to herself.

Amanda spun and headed for her kitchen. "My problem is this way," she said. Actually her problem was centered in her pussy. She knew he was oogling her ass as she walked and she made sure to swinger her ass as she walked. She was SO turned on.

When she got to the kitchen she opened the cabinet door under her sink and made sure her ass was facing him as she slowly bent down, straight-legged, to show him the water under her sink. She was sure her pussy lips were peeking between her legs. She heard him moan.

"See, it MUST be leaking!" She was SURE he could see that her pussy was leaking.

He didn't say anything for a bit. He was probably enjoying the view. "Here, let me get under there," he finally said. She moved out of his way and he slipped under the sink.

Amanda stood over him with her feet spread. He had a great view right up her body. Her pussy was completely exposed to him. She reached down and started to rub her clit. He wasn't looking at the plumbing...well, he WAS looking at HER plumbing

"Do you see anything you like?" she asked.

"God yes!"

"Would you like to go sit on the couch with me and watch me get myself off?"

She took his hand and helped him stand and she led him to her living room. They sat on either end on the couch. Amanda spread her legs wide and started to play with her pussy. He started rubbing his crotch.

"You can get off with me if you want," she told him. He immediately stood and took off his clothes and settled back down and started stroking his cock.

Amanda couldn't believe her luck. He had a great looking cock! He was just staring at her. He couldn't decide what to look at, her tits, her pussy, her face. She was just staring at his cock and frantically rubbing her clit.

She dipped her finger in her pussy and put her finger up to his mouth. "Do you want a taste?" she asked. He licked her fingers clean.

She could tell that he was getting ready to cum. "Cum on my tits, ok?"

He got on his knees and came over to her and hovered over her as he stroked his cock like a madman. She wanted to reach out and take his cock in her mouth but as she thought about it he started cumming. He sprayed all over her chest. She couldn't believe how much cum he had.

Amanda spread his cum all over herself. His cock never went down. It was still rock hard. "Can I touch it?" she asked.

He said, "You can have whatever you want." It felt so good, so hard, so soft. She slowly stroked it.

"I would like to taste you," he said. She SURE wasn't going to refuse him. And he turned out to be a great pussy licker and fingerer. He brought her off four times!

Then she got to suck his cock. But he got a page that he was needed somewhere else. She didn't get to fuck him. And she wanted to. Oh well.

So he left and told her he would be back to look at her sink. She didn't tell him there wasn't a problem until he came back.

And when he came back and she told him her sink wasn't broken, he bent her over her couch and fucked her brains out. And since he had her in that position and she didn't object, he slipped into her tight asshole and pounded her ass. Wow!

And now she was waiting for him to come back after work. She now had her own fuck toy who worked in her building. She wouldn't be going without cock for a long time!
