Gabby's First Bike Rally
by Lostwalker2000

Gabby at a Bike Rally.

What better place for an 18 year old closet exhibitionist and developing slut then Sturgis Bike Rally. For those that do not know, Sturgis is a very small town, about 4,000 people and only 4 miles in size, in South Dakota. But once every year for ten days in August it grows to over 400,000 people for the bike rally. People literally come from all over the world for this rally, bikers, gangs, bands, events; all kinds of debauchery and fun.

Gabby could not wait for her second bike rally, she was actually taking me to the town about a month before the rally, to show me it and tell me all about the place. She told me that the year before was her first time going to the rally, she went with a girlfriend of hers. She said there were girls flashing their tits and ass to guys on bikes and to cheers from on lookers. "I didn't do it", she added quickly and turned a little red. Which meant, of course she had and she had enjoyed it.

Gabby also told me her story about going to Buffalo Chip Campground to watch bands play. So Gabby and her friend, we will call her Jen, for I really cannot remember her name. Jen was built very similar to Gabby, but she had long brown curly hair, brown eyes, and maybe B sized tits. So these are two hot 18 year old girls fresh out of high school, never been to a rally, most likely their parents had no idea they are here, and surrounded by bikers. The first band started in the late afternoon, most people had already started drinking and partying days before. The place was crowded when they arrived and was filling up rapidly. By the time the first band started to play Gabby and Jen had managed to move their way to about the middle of the concert area. Early on, there had been some minor brush ups and bumps that Gabby and Jen did not pay much mind to.

But once evening came and it started getting dark the place was so packed you could not move. The two scantily dressed, attention seeking teens had to of stuck out like a whore in church in a mass of drunk and horny bikers. The accidental bumps and brushes became longer and more direct. Things like a hand on the back or a hand on the shoulder followed by a word from behind "good song" or "having fun". The hands would linger for a time, then with draw, only to return again with more small talk questions. Basically, just excuses for the guys to touch the two teens and gage their reactions. Gabby didn't turn around as you couldn't see all that well anyways and the guys speaking always reeked of alcohol. Her and Jen would just reply with short nods or shrugs.

As the night went on the concert goers got drunker and drunker, the place got wilder and wilder. Towards the later end of the night, somewhere around nine o'clock hands started moving even more freely and bodies started pressing even harder. The group behind them, was pressing Gabby and Jen into the group in front of them. To the point they couldn't even see past the bodies in front of them. Hands started brushing against their asses more often. At first there were replies of, "my bad or sorry and getting cramped in here." Then it was just big bodies pressing close, a hand lingering on Gabby's ass; someone else's hand resting on Jen's hip.

The girls didn't know what to do, they naturally wanted attention, but this wasn't the attention they had wanted. They could not move forward and they could not move back. At first they were able to move slightly away or lightly swat the hand away. But those hands or other hands would quickly return. Then it began to be a hand on the hip and a hand on the ass lightly squeezing. The stranger's hands had stopped wanting to relinquish their prize so easily. Slight movements and hand slaps wasn't cutting it any more. Bodies seemed to press in closer as additional hands found Gabby and Jen's back, hips, and ass cheeks. Gabby felt the back of her short skirt being lifted and the grunts of approval from seeing her exposed ass. She tried to pull it back down, but bodies blocked her from getting a good grip and the guys had to firm a hold of her skirt. As Gabby struggled to get the skirt back down a bearded mouth pressed close to her right ear, "you're a little cock tease cunt aren't you." The guy stank; his breath was a mix of cigarettes and alcohol.

Gabby looked over to Jen for support, but she was blocked in my three other guys and didn't seem to be any better off. Hands started moving up the insides of her legs and encircling her exposed ass cheeks. The bearded guy continued his conversation with Gabby, "You ever had a cock in that ass slut? I would fuck the shit out of that ass." His hand squeezing Gabby's ass hard and lifting her up to her tiptoes, as he didn't let go. "Maybe your cute friend can watch as I fuck you." By this point, three maybe four hands were moving across Gabby's lower back, upper legs, ass, and even brushing against her pussy lips under her panties. At some point, when she had been trying to move, legs had been maneuvered between her legs. Luckily, she wasn't spread wide, but it was still a good amount of space between her legs and she wasn't going to be able to close them.

Eventually, the front of Gabby's skirt started to come up, to match that of the back. Each time the dress started up, hands quickly joined in feeling her pubic mount and fingers would slip under the lace of her panties at the waist. It was easier for Gabby to fight the front of her skirt back down, but doing so removed her hands from the back. "Cute blue panties slut, maybe I will keep them as a souvenir." The bearded man offered. His fingers sliding up to the edge of the lacy thong covering Gabby's ass, he slid a few fingers underneath and pulled up hard giving Gabby a wedgy and once again lifting her to her tip toes. There were a few appreciative laughs from behind at the improved view of Gabby's ass and pussy.

A second bristled face came up to Gabby's left ear as she was standing on her tip toes, this guy also smelled of days old sweat, beer, and cigarettes. "I want to see those little titties slut." His hand reached up and squeezed her left tit through the thin fabric of her top and bra. Gabby let out a low cry of pain, due to the harsh treatment. "Ha good cunt" the man on the left replied, enjoying her discomfort. Just seconds later a hand from the guy on the right took hold of Gabby's other tit and squeezed equally as hard. Both were laughing at her discomfort. Either one of these two guys or another guy had a hold of Gabby's hair and was pulling down sharply, forcing Gabby to look up into the night sky.

Gabby gasped as she felt the clasp on her strapless bra release and just as quickly the bra was pulled down and removed. The two guy's meaty hands were now mauling Gabby's tender 18 year old tits under her short tank top. All the while, other hands still managed to roam freely across the lower parts of her body. Gabby's full attention was on her tits and the hands that were squeezing and twisting them. She was frantically trying to remove the hands on her tits, when all of the sudden her skirt was jerked all the way down to her feet.

Gabby was in full panic mode now, she was in the middle of a concert, surrounded by maybe six to eight guys, and only in her panties and a short tank top. She tried to look around to call Jen for help, but someone still had her hair pulled back, she couldn't see anything but night sky and the music was so loud. "Little cock tease slut" one of the guys said in her ear, Gabby wasn't sure which one, everything was spinning now. They still mauled her tits, she could feel the cool air on them, there was no way the tank top was hiding them anymore. Someone had lifted up her legs, one at a time, to remove the fallen skirt. Then she felt someone step-up directly behind her and place a hand on both her hips.

Gabby could feel him pressing against her ass, as he pulled her back hard against him. He was grinding his crotch against her ass, up and down and in small circles. Gabby could feel the pressure of his cock through the guy's pants, as he continued to slowly dry hump her. There was nothing Gabby could really do; she had three big guys pressed up against her. Her arms blocked or limited by their big bodies, thick legs wedged between her short thin legs, and thick hands on her waist, shoulders, and pulling her hair. Their free hands still abusing her tits and rubbing the front of her pussy through the fabric of her panties.

The two guys at her sides continued to verbally humiliate her, calling her things like slut and cunt, and telling her how they planned to use her. The guy behind her was grunting as he slowly picked up the pace, she could feel his cock, through his pants, as it dug deep into her ass crack and pussy. Thankfully, she still had her panties on, but the lacy thong wasn't protecting her from the rawness that the pants were causing to her ass. Then the guy behind her stopped and stepped back. Gabby wasn't sure if it was the same guy or another that stepped up behind her next. The big hands took hold of her waist, nearly wrapping fully around her small 100 pound frame. He lifted her up slightly, to her tip toes and forced her hips back against his crotch.

Gabby felt his hard cock pushing down between her ass cheeks and poking at her pussy. Her eyes shoot open wide and her mouth opened in protest, this cock wasn't hidden under thick pants, only the thin fabric of what Gabby guessed was boxer shorts. All Gabby had between this raging hard cock and her pussy was two very thin pieces of fabric. She could feel every inch of his cock as he wedged it downward, then under her pussy. He was intentionally pressing the head of his cock along the length of her slit as he moved back and forth, thereby pushing the cloth of Gabby's panties deeper into her pussy with each pass.

Gabby's eyes had been closed for a long time now, she had all but given up, thinking about how badly this night had gone and how even worse it was most likely going to end. Then she heard it, "Thank you, thank you all. Have a great night and enjoy the rest of the rally." The concert was over, the music had stopped. The guy behind her had stopped humping her; she could hear him quickly pulling up his pants. Most importantly, the large outdoor flood lights began to warm up and people were slowly leaving. "Enjoy Sturgis slut" the guy on her left said, as hands gave her tits one last squeeze and a slap on the ass before quickly withdrawing. The guys vanished into the crowd of exiting concert goers. It was pretty easy for Gabby to find Jen, the girl had been maybe ten feet away from Gabby throughout the whole ordeal. By her look and wobbly legs, Jen had fared about the same. Gabby with only her panties and tank top remaining and Jen with only her Sturgis t-shirt remaining, Gabby might have fared better in the exchange, at least she had kept her panties. The two girls followed the mostly drunken crowd out of Buffalo Chip and back to their car. Both, I am sure, very thankful to be heading home.

I was completely flabbergasted, what do you say in reply to something like this? My mind was both racing and doing cartwheels. I was nineteen at the time, we had been dating for about three months at this point, and I had never been to a rally myself. The biggest thing that kept screaming in my mind was, "And she wants to go back!? She can't wait to go back!?" what the fuck? I will most likely add the story of Gabby's second rally at a later point, while nowhere near as eventful as her first, it was still memorable.

I hope you have enjoyed this second story about Gabby's adventures. If you have, then please leave comments at the end for encouragement. Again, this story is based off the overall true story told to me by Gabby. I was not there, so some of the pieces had to be improvised. The truths still being that Gabby left there in only a tank top and panties, heavily groped and dry humped by at least three guys. I met Jen only twice during my time in South Dakota, she was a nice shy girl that was also really hot. During the second time we met and talked, I worked in that I heard her and Gabby had gone to the Sturgis Rally a few years back. Her facial expression told me all I needed to know and the little shake I might or might not have seen run down her body.

