Drinking Buddies
byJoeehartley©

Drinking Buddies Pt. 01

Shelia turned on the TV and sat on the sofa with a glass of wine after changing from her work clothes to wait for her husband to come home. He often stopped after work with a couple of his co-workers for a drink, but rarely took more than an hour.

She sat on the sofa wearing her comfortable, if a bit ragged nightgown. It was old and a bit thin in places, but it was not for the casual observer. She planned on changing before her husband got home into her normal wear—still a nightgown, but one that was newer and without holes in it. She refused to throw this one out since nothing else was as soft and allowed her to be as close to bare as she dare.

Her husband, Jim, has seen her in this before and she loved the expression on his face when she still had it on. She never left it on for long and quickly changed into something else, but the nights he saw her in it were always special. She was careful not to over use this trick, but it was one of the reasons she liked wearing this nightgown.

She heard the key in the door and thought that maybe Jim hadn't stopped off for his normal drink with his buddies. She turned off the TV and got up to greet her husband.

He walked through the door laughing apparently in a very good mood followed by two men Shelia did not recognize.

"Wow!" said the first man, "You did not exaggerate Jim. You wife is gorgeous."

The second man entered and now two strange men were eyeing her up and down. Shelia stood frozen in place due to the surprised visitors.

"You are one lucky man, Jim. She is more beautiful than you said." The second man said.

Jim finally spoke up, "Honey, these are my co-workers that I normally have a drink with after work. I've been telling them how beautiful you are for weeks and they have been pressuring me to let them meet you. This is Bill and this is Pete."

"Hi," said Bill, reaching out a hand to shake hers. "Jim's description does not do you justice you are far more lovely than he said."

"Hello," Said Pete," I agree and I can see why he keeps you locked away."

Shelia's head spun with all the compliments, as she shook each of their hands. They both mover closer to her as if hinting for a more physical contact. She considered hugging them, and then realized her state of undress. She hurried into the bedroom and grabbed her robe. She walked back into the living area as she was still slipping it on. Unconsciously she was still giving them a nice view of her body as she slowly tied the tie of her bathrobe.

Both men appeared disappointed at her change of attire, but continued to compliment her. She basked in the constant flow of flattery and allowed the men to stand much closer to her than her would have normally. Pete faced her and talked about the silkiness of her hair. He brushed her hair with his hand first very timidly and when she didn't stop him he fondled her hair between his fingers, gently pulling it. To her it felt like a massage, but not like any she'd had before.

Pete worked his way behind her massaging and caressing her hair and scalp. Bill took his position in front of her.

"You have lovely skin." He said as he softly moved one finger across the side of her face and onto her neck.

She raised her head allowing each man access to her neck, Pete on the back of her neck and Bill the side. The stroking was both gentle, yet firm. Men's hands are hard and muscular but when gentle their touch is arousing.

Bill moved his hands to the front of her neck and proceeded lower to her neckline. The first time his finger caressed under the neckline of her robe she arched her back. When he pulled her lapels open she disentangled herself and went over to the dining room table to sit near her husband. She took several minutes before she closed up her robe again.

"So, you guys all work together?" She asked trying to shift the subject from herself.

"We all are on the same project and it is flowing smoothly since we all get along so well." Jim offered.

The other two added a bit here and there about what they do and a couple of details about the project, but Shelia noticed that neither of them took their eyes off of her for more than a few seconds and the flattery kept flowing. She found herself getting warmer by the moment bathed in the flow of positive comments and the interest of what she did.

When she felt Bill's hand start to caress her robe covered shoulder the warmth she felt increased. The heat from his gentle touch moved with his hand to the front of her shoulder and onto her collarbone. His caress stayed on top of her robe but moved lower. Her breathing increased and raised her hand to her neck. Bill slowly slid his hand lower to the top of her breast. She closed her eyes and stroked the bare skin of her neck and lower forcing her robe more open and displaying her cleavage.

Suddenly she opened her eyes from the erotic dream in time to recognize its reality. She lowed her hand, but did not move away from Bill's hand and his caress. She paid more attention to the conversation and asked for more details about the project the three men worked on.

She finally got up to refill her wine and offered some to her guests. They both got up to help. Pete again positioned himself behind her and this time stroked her hair, down the side of her neck, across her shoulders, and down her arms.

Her arms suddenly felt heavy and she let them hang and Pete stroked her time and again.

Bill, as before, stood in front of her and this time with two fingers gently stroked from the side of her brow down near her eyes, across the ridge beneath her eyes, down across her lips and down her neck to the point her robe covered. He pushed the robe open more and more with each pass until he exposed the nightgown she wore. It showed a lot of cleavage and soon Bill saw as much as it would allow.

When Shelia noticed that Pete was pushing her robe off her shoulders and Bill's fingers started to probe under her nightgown across the tops of her breasts she moved past them to get the wine. She pulled the robe back onto her shoulders but did not close it. She offered a glass of wine to both of the men and after refilling her glass returned the dining table.

She started talking about her work and the two men hung on every word, asking questions often for clarification. They seemed to her as if they were genuinely interested even if their view often shifted lower to the vee her open bathrobe allowed.

Shelia loved the attention and her husband seemed to enjoy it too.

"She worked out a system that utilized their existing resources to start up this new system she's describing. She always downplays that part, but it did get her a raise." Jim added to the conversation.

Bill and Pete were impressed and asked several questions about how she organized the old resources to fit into the new system.

"Jim, you never told us Shelia was smart too." Bill said

Pete added, "Yeah, not only a drop dead gorgeous body, but brains too. You are one lucky guy Jim."

Shelia blushed a bit, and then shifted the conversation. "Do you want some more wine?" She said getting up from her seat. Her robe opened a bit more with her motions threatening to fall off. She hesitated a bit watching the two men stare blatantly at her exposed body. She then pulled her robe back around her body watching the disappointment in the faces of her audience.

"It's such a shame that you hide your beautiful body. You should flaunt it like the work of art it is," Pete said.

Shelia blushed again and looked over at her husband. She wanted this robe off, but wanted to make sure she was not overstepping any martial rules. Jim smiled at her.

"You do have a beautiful body. I tell everyone how lovely you are." Jim replied to her unasked question.

Shelia took that as a yes, but was still a bit uncertain, so she hesitated. Bill and Pete stood and took their positions near her. Pete again stroked her hair, across her shoulders and down her arms. This gentle petting relaxed her completely and she found herself limp again enjoying the sensual feel of his strokes.

Bill placed his fingers on the tops of her ears and softly moved them over her ears and then followed her jaw line to her chin. She lifted her chin allowing him to stroke the front of her neck. He again pushed his fingers lower forcing her robe more open.

She wasn't sure if she wanted him to stop or continue. In the end she allowed him to continue. She only stopped when his hands reached her tie. She removed herself and went to get the wine only to find there wasn't enough for the three of them.

"I'm sorry," she said. "But we are out of wine."

Bill replied, "We actually need to be gong. We dropped in on you unannounced and didn't even bring any wine. It was a spur of the moment thing and we only planned on being here a short while."

Pete added, "It was rude of us to just drop by like this, but I'm so glad we got a chance to meet you."

"I'm glad you came by, I'm just sorry that we ran out of wine." Shelia answered. She hadn't closed her robe and the tie hung loosely.

Bill stood in front of her scanning her body up and down before asking, "Since we are leaving now could we please get another look at that gorgeous body of yours like we saw when we came in?"

Shelia looked from one to the other then over at her husband still seated at the table. Jim just smiled at her and she thought she saw a slight nod. She wasn't sure why everyone loved this nightgown. It wasn't immodest or sexy in any way. It was not shear or clingy. She had others that were sexy. What she wore now was not, but it was old and thin. It was more like an old comfortable T-shirt.

She stood not two feet from Bill as she finished untying the belt and opened her robe. She shifted one shoulder out then the other allowing the robe to fall onto the floor. She spun around to make sure both men saw what they wanted. She hadn't felt this aroused in a long time.

Pete asked, "Can we get a goodbye hug?"

She opened her arms to Pete who immediately wrapped his arms around her and started to gently knead her back. His hands drifted lower and soon were caressing her butt. He stroked up her sides stopping just either side of her breasts. His thumbs flicked over her nipples sending shock waves though-out her body. He moved back and allowed his friend the same opportunity.

After the two men left and she attacked her husband. Dinner was forgotten and clothes were scattered everywhere. Jim and Shelia shared one of the most intense sexual experiences they had since their honeymoon.

Shelia now had a new appreciation for her old nightgown. She and Jim talked about his friends over the next several days. Jim enjoyed that evening as much as Shelia had. She talked with him about the shock of seeing two strange men when she wasn't completely dressed. He pressed her on that that until she admitted to being aroused by it. This experience taught her that she was a bit of an exhibitionist. Jim admitted that seeing her flirt with his two coworkers turned him on.

They role played that evening several times over the next week and it always ended in intense and passionate sex. She often wore little during these games of make-believe. The role-play started with both of them home and pretending that he was a stranger catching her not fully dressed. It evolved after a few days to her wearing little waiting for him to come home—there was always the possibility that he would not be alone.

"If you want to invite Bill and Pete over for dinner some time, that would be fine, just give me some warning." She offered a couple of weeks after that surprise visit.

"They have been asking to come over again and they promised to bring the wine this time." He replied.

The next evening after Shelia got home, she stripped and put on one of her sheer pieces of lingerie and waited to see who would come though the door. She had asked Jim to warn her when he invited his coworkers over and she did trust that he would, but her fantasy was in overdrive imagining Jim and his two co-workers walking through the door and seeing her dressed for sex. Would she give them each a hug like she ended the evening several weeks ago? Or would she run back into the bedroom to get her robe and have them try to get if off of her?

She was lost in her fantasy when the door opened and Jim walked in alone.

"Well, don't you look good enough to eat?" He announced seeing her almost naked and visibly aroused.


Drinking Buddies Pt. 02

Shelia sat on the couch her new very sheer nighty waiting for her husband to come home from work. She allowed her mind to both remember and fantasize about the events of several weeks ago when he brought home two of his co-workers.

The door opened and her husband walked in alone. Seeing her he commented that she looked good enough to eat.

Shelia shook herself back into reality and got up to greet her husband. She wasn't sure if she was actually disappointed not to see Bill and Pete with him. She enjoyed the fantasy, but the reality was something else. She trusted that Jim would warn her before he brought them home.

She wrapped her arms around her husband and said, "Well, dinner is ready and piping hot."

Jim picked up his wife and carried her into the bedroom like so many times over the past couple of weeks. Tonight he started by exploring her body with his tongue. She called it her tongue massage and loved it. She then took control and explored his cock with her mouth and tongue.

Later, over actual food, Jim asked, "Were you fantasizing about Bill and Pete walking in with me tonight when I got home?"

"Would it bother you if I wore this the next time they come over?" She replied pushing out her chest and smiling.

"I think they would love seeing you in that and out of it too."

Shelia saw the lustful grin on her husbands face and knew he would love a replay of what happened the first time. What she wasn't sure of is how far she could go with his two friends before he became uncomfortable, but she took his comment to mean that he would be okay with her getting totally naked with them.

"It's been a couple of weeks since you brought them home and we've been using the memory of that evening to enhance our sex life every night since then. I know I've been reliving that evening in my mind often and even fantasizing about what would happen next time. Are you planning on inviting them over again?" Shelia asked her husband.

"I've been thinking about inviting them over, but I wanted to be sure you were okay with that. Our fantasy about them is great, but the reality of it might be different. I think I would like to invite them over and this time have them stay longer. I was disappointed when they left last time, but it was probably a good thing that they did. That gave us time to think about it and how we each feel about doing it again."

Shelia smiled, "I agree, I've been thinking a lot about that night and every time I do I get wet all over again. Having them over again might not live up to our fantasies, but I really want to see where it goes."

Jim nodded, "They have been asking to come over but were a bit concerned that I might have gotten a little jealous over the attention they paid you. That's when I realized that it really turned me on seeing them fondling you. I told them I wasn't jealous, but I would have to see if you were okay with it. I can ask them over tomorrow after work and well stop off for some takeout and wine."

Shelia's nipples tightened noticeably. "That sounds perfect, I can't wait." She got up from her seat, walked around the table, sat on her husband's lap, and gave him a passionate kiss.

The next day Shelia got home from work and as she was removing her work clothes she got a call from her husband. "Hi honey, everything okay? Are we still on for tonight?" She asked.

"Yeah, we are still on, but it might be a bit later than we said. We ran into a problem with the project at work and have to stay a bit to fix it." Jim said.

"Do you need to postpone our evening with Bill and Pete until tomorrow night?" She asked sounding disappointed.

"I don't think that will be necessary. We should have this taken care of in a half hour. Why don't you take a nice bath and I'll call when we're ready to leave." He said.

"That's a good idea. A nice warm bath will relax me. Hope you solve the problem quickly. I'll be ready when you guys get here." Shelia responded.

A bath sounded like a good idea; she had been trying to decide what she would be wearing when they got here. On the one hand she did not want to appear too eager by wearing something totally see through, but she also didn't want to cover up completely. She now had time to relax in a nice bath and then decide. She could always just meet them wearing a towel. That thought got her in the mood.

She ran the bath and sank into the warm water fantasizing about Bill and Pete walking in on her.

Jim had set up his plan. He knew that in every scenario he and Shelia had played since that night had included Shelia being surprised when the guys showed up with her being less than fully dressed. He recommended that she take a bath and told her she had almost an hour before they would be there. He and his two drinking buddies were 3 blocks from his house buying the wine and would walk in on her in about ten minutes.

Jim opened the door to his house and told his friends to stay quiet for a minute, then directed them to the bathroom.

Shelia opened her eyes to see Bill and Pete smiling at her as she sat naked in the tub with a hand on her breast.

"You are even more beautiful than I remember." Bill said.

"You are gorgeous." Pete added.

Shelia sat there in shock. She had just been fantasizing about this very thing and when it turns out to be real, she froze, not knowing what to do.

"I'd love to wash your back for you." Pete offered.

"And I'll wash your front." Bill added.

Shelia grinned uncontrollably as she became aware of the situation and with her hand still on her breast responded, "I think I can take care of it." She brought her face under control, stopping the silly grin, but did give her nipple a pinch before standing up. "You can hand me a towel though."

The two men each grabbed a towel and started to dry her.

"I love the way the water glistens on your skin," Pete said as he dabbed a towel across her back.

Bill had a towel in his hand but instead of using it he licked the droplets of water off her breasts. Pete noticed what Bill was doing and likewise dropped his towel to lick her back.

The complements continued, as did the licking until she was ready to move out of this cramped space. She leaned over to pick up one of the dropped towels and Pete took that opportunity to run his tongue over her ass. She paused just a minute to enjoy the sensation before standing upright and wrapping the towel around her naked body. She walked out of the bathroom and did not stop in her bedroom to put on clothes, instead she continued on into the kitchen. The two men followed her.

Jim had opened a bottle of wine and poured them each a glass.

"I assume the problem at work wasn't as time consuming as you thought." She said to her husband with a smirk.

"We took care of it quickly since we wanted to get here as soon as we could." Jim answered.

Bill chimed in, "We have been looking forward to seeing you all day ever since Jim invited us over this morning."

"Well you did see me. I can't say I'm complaining, but I thought I would be wearing something when you came over although I was have trouble deciding what." Shelia replied.

"I think what you were wearing was perfect—little water droplets. You looked like a water sprite." Bill offered.

"I can't remember a time when anyone compared me to a divine entity before. If my Greek mythology is up to date, the sprites and nymphs were the playmates of Pan and rarely wore any clothing." She replied with a grin.

Bill reached out to caress Shelia's bare shoulder. "You do look like a Greek deity."

"Thank you," She replied, but to actually mimic one of the sprites I would have to remove this towel, wouldn't I?" She questioned, but her hands stayed at her sides; she made no effort to remove her towel.

Pete moved behind her and gently unwrapped the towel from her body, then blew a stream of air down her back.

Shelia responded with the sounds of pleasure as his hot breath caressed her back and moved lower. She found her body bending forward and her breasts fell into Bill's waiting palms.

Pete changed his technique from blowing on her skin to licking her back, covering every inch. When he reached her shoulders she straightened and that's when Bill started licking the front of her. She now had two tongues stimulating her front and back. It was Bill who commented about how tasty she was. She took that comment to direct her next actions.

Shelia moved away from the two men and climbed on top of the dining table. She sat back with her knees up and a chair situated between her legs as if she were the dinner plate. She looked over at Bill and invited him, "Dinners ready."

Bill pulled out the chair, took his seat then lowered his head to tongue her most intimate parts. Her feet rested on his shoulders pushing him deeper between her spread legs. She did not release him until she had three orgasms.

Bill got up and Pete quickly took his place. The first thing she noticed was that the two men addressed her differently. Bill had flicked his tongue over her clit until her orgasm started then he plunged his tongue as deeply into her channel as he could and thrust as if his tongue were a small cock. Pete, on the other hand, took a long slow lick approach pushing his tongue into each crevice he found and increasing the pace as she approached orgasm.

With Pete she locked her ankles behind his neck forcing him lower until she was finished. She released him and with his help got off the table. She looked at both men. "I want you both naked."

Shelia watched the two men almost fall over themselves getting their clothes off, then just admired the two naked bodies. She caressed their bodies in much the same way they had caressed hers. She especially liked the feel of holding onto two naked cocks at the same time.

She knelt in front of both of them and with her tongue extended could touch the tip of one then the other. She alternated between them taking a bit more at each pass. First she just touched the tip with the tip of her tongue, next she licked the underside of just the head, then she took each head into her mouth while flicking her tongue against the tip of their cocks,

She made sure she had a firm grip on each cock while she tongued each one. The men started to squirm with arousal and she increased her stimulation by licking up the underside of the cock closest to her before engulfing as much of it into her mouth as possible. She continued to move back and forth between the two men until she felt Bill stiffen then she pumped and sucked until he released into her mouth.

Pete had a moment to calm down a bit while Shelia serviced Bill, but now it was his turn and she attacked his cock with gusto until he also filled her mouth.

As they recovered they took seats around the dining table and divided up the take out and poured more wine.

"That was fantastic." Shelia announced.

"I agree," Bill added. "You are one remarkable woman. I would love to get together again, if you are willing."

"This was the best evening I've had in a long time." Pete agreed, "And I also would love to taste you again."

Jim had remained silent during the last hour just watching the eroticism in front of him. " What do you think Shelia? Wanna do this again? Maybe next week?"

"I think you know my answer to that, but what about you? Are you okay with what happened tonight?" Shelia asked her husband.

"That was the hottest thing I've seen in a long time and I want to continue, but it is up to you." He responded to his wife.

"Okay, how about every Thursday you come over after work, bring some takeout and wine? I'll be naked and you both have to get naked as soon as you get here. I want to be licked all over by both of you like you did tonight front and back. After that we can decide what games to play." Shelia offered.

There was agreement around the table, and after another half hour Bill and Pete went home. Shelia made sure to give each a naked hug and kiss.

Jim stripped off his clothes and attacked his wife right there in the kitchen then again in the bedroom.

"I guess you weren't lying about being turned on by me playing with your friends." Shelia announced in bed as soon as she could catch her breath.

"Definitely." Jim responded.
 