
Good Mourning Mom

Call me Jerry and don't ask me any question. I was always, always curious...about everything, and usually wanted to try it...at least once or twice if possible. But this really isn't where the story begins. The story begins when the shit hit the fan. 

One day I was working at my desk completing some bookkeeping duties for my in-home business when the phone rang. It was my mother. "Hello Jerry. I have sad news. Your father died during the night." I was 25 but I was not ready for the call.

Dad had several strokes about 8 months before that had left him pretty much a vegetable. His health had been declining since then. Now he was gone. I told my mom I would be there in about 3 hour. I only lived about two and half hours away. I called my girl friend Melinda on my cell phone, and told her the sad news. I told her that I am going to my hometown for a few days. She consoled me and wished me a safe journey.
 
I packed and left. My home town was a picturesque, quintessential place of about 10,000 religious, self-reliant people. It was the perfect place for a stern, religious man like my father, but truth is told, I was happy to leave it for college. Though I visited my parents a few times a year, I felt like I hadn't been here in a very long time as I returned for my father's funeral.

My parents, in particular my mother, were very supportive and caring, at least in my younger years. Things changed later, and not for the better. My father was a hard man who grew more arrogant as he became more successful. He spent increasing amounts of time away from home, which led to some friction with my Mum, Carole.

When I got to the house, mom was pretty quiet but I could sense a relief as well. The past few months had been very hard on her.

"Are you okay mom?" I asked as soon as I saw mom

"I'm fine baby, just tired. It's been a long day." She murmured.

"I am more worried about you." I reached over to hold her hand.

"I will miss your father. He was a good man. I loved him."

The rest of the day was spent visiting the lawyers, the funeral home and the bank. There are so many details to attend to. The funeral would be in three days with visitations the next two evenings. As we came back to our house mom asked me, 

"Do you need a drink, I want one" 

We went into my dad's study. His desk was on the far side of the room, dominating it. My mom had a small, unobtrusive secretary-desk in the opposite corner. Like many families, the kitchen table served her when she needed more space. 

She poured "Godmother" (vodka and amaretto) and "Godfather" (amaretto and Scotch) for me. 

"Ah, that's good." Mom said, taking a long swig of her drink. 

She then peered over at me. "No, jerry, your father never knew that I liked to have a drink every once in a while. Oh, I made sure he never found out."

Mom was wearing all black: dress, stockings, and pumps. If it were not for the somber occasion and if she were smiling, she would look very seductive. We sat on a sofa facing each other. I noticed how her skirt rose slightly when she crossed her legs. I felt I slight murmur down below. Just like old times in my teens when I would try to place myself opposite her at home to get a good view up her thighs. Everything seemed wrong about my feelings.

I have always seen Mum as a stunningly beautiful woman. She had married Dad when she was only 18; a shotgun wedding, as my sister Elizabeth was born six months later. I was born three years later making mom 48 now. Mom looked like an older version of my sister Elizabeth, with the same medium height, big breasts, and shapely legs, but her face had a hawkish sharpness whereas Elizabeth's face was (deceptively) softer. If I'd had to choose, I'd have said Elizabeth was the prettier woman, but Mom was indeed attractive. Her hair was originally brown, lighter than Elizabeth's, but now had some gray, which actually looked very pleasing. 

Mom still worked in retail and I think she was glad she had kept up her work over the years. She was still very presentable having kept fairly trim and still looked good and men, often younger, gave her the time of day when she went to the pub on her own. She looked after herself, usually wearing suits for work that emphasized her shape. Her breasts weren't large but that was probably in her favor, wearing a bra to give her a lift which men at the pub or in her work would privately admire. Her waist had the effect of highlighting her breasts and her hips. From the rear she displayed a full but well shaped arse. Mom wore her hair straight and fairly short, cut to hang just above her shoulders. She had very little fat on her shapely body, and I suspect she could keep up with much younger women.

She rarely wore trouser suits preferring skirts, stockings and shoes with a reasonable heel that made her legs still look good. Mum completely rejected tights, preferring suspenders that gave her 'room to breathe', her words.

I attempted to cover up my surprise at seeing Mom drink, but I was clumsy in doing so. Suddenly Mum put her glass on the table moved to me and held me very close. 

"Jerry, I know we've been so distant these years and it's mainly my fault, but I can't bear it any longer and need to see more of you now." I had been leaning against the edge of the sink and she leaned completely into me crushing me hard. She was about nine inches shorter than me. She sobbed into my shirt giving in to her grief. 

I just held her close whilst she gave vent to her sadness. I could feel much of her soft yet yielding body as she held me really tight. It was a very emotional moment for us both. After breaking the embrace she reminded me of her request and I reassured her that I would see more of her and would be staying a few days anyway. 

"Son, have you heard anything about Elizabeth lately? About Ned?" she asked. 

"No, Mom." I replied. "As far as I can tell, they're still in Europe somewhere. With this new police job I have access to more tools to try and find them."

Mom let out a sigh. "It's just as well that she's not here." she said, and for a moment I detected bitterness in her voice before she controlled it. "Although... your father would've forgiven her and welcomed her back if she'd walked in the house. Not me, though"

"Whaaa...." I said, totally shocked at this admission from my mother. She looked up at me sharply.

"I am convinced that your sister's actions were the main reason Douglass's health failed so rapidly these last few months. Oh, I know he was sick for some time -- he tried to hide it from me, but a wife knows -- but he was just fine until June." 

"Yeah, Mom, I know." I said. 

"No, you don't know." Mom said, her speech beginning to slur slightly. "Your father always had a remnant of hope that somehow Elizabeth would return to us, but I think it was more to relieve his feeling of having failed to raise her properly than out of real love for his daughter. And when he heard about the vile, wicked things she did last summer... he knew that he'd truly failed. That's what broke him, son."

"I understand, Mom." I said. "Look, it's really late. Why don't we talk more about it tomorrow, okay?" I helped Mom stand up and gently guided her up to the door of her room. I hugged her warmly, feeling her press her body into mine much harder than I'd felt her ever do before. We separated and I went into my room after her bedroom door closed.

As I moved towards my room I realized that there were no pictures of Elizabeth anywhere. There had been in the past, on the walls, and in frames sitting on pieces of furniture. My boyhood pictures were still where they'd always been, including on my father's desk in this room. But it was as if all traces of my sister had been scrubbed from this house that was her childhood home.

When I fell asleep, I dreamt. I was eighteen and coming home one night a bit passed it for the booze. I slipped in the back door as quietly as possible not to waken anyone. A small light came from the living room. Cautiously, I moved to towards the light. Mum. Not alone, with her colleague from work whom she had brought home before. Where was Dad? She was lying back on a chair. Her friend Joan was kneeling on the floor between Mum's thighs. Her eyes were closed. Joan was deep into her cunt sucking for all she could obtain. Mum was in heaven. I quickly retreated to avoid disaster.

I wake in a sweat. It wasn't a dream. It was a reminder of an actual event which I had blocked in my relative innocence. It came to me in an instant. I decided to tread warily round my mother. Going downstairs in my dressing gown to the kitchen I was met by Mum cooking a breakfast. She was wearing a beige nightie that came down to her knees.  
"Hi Jerry -- Sorry if I disturbed you."

"No Mum not at all. I just woke with a hangover that's all."

She got me a fizzy to settle my head. When I'd drunk it and put the tumbler down, she again came to hug me like yesterday, though dressed very differently. She pressed herself against me. 

"Jerry, it's so wonderful to have you home. Can you really stay awhile?"

Her free breasts were tight against my chest and her hips hard into me. I started to swell under the gown. She may have noticed for she gradually withdrew so as not to embarrass her or me. 

"Love, I'm sorry, I feel so needy, never felt like this before. I want you here to hold me whenever you can. Will you?"

"Of course mum, whenever."

I took my breakfast back to my room to read the paper. However, I became, again, preoccupied with thoughts of mum. She had cuddled me once again, without any reservation with only her nightie on. Stiffening once more at the thought of her softness and apparently unwitting sexuality revealed by her not wearing a bra and maybe no panty!

After breakfast Mom dressed her in black, with a veil over her hat. Her dress also showed off her big breasts and her legs, but her stockings were actually very tiny fishnets that looked sheer from a distance but was a sexy netting when viewed close-up. Call me a strange, sick fuck if you will, but Mom looked beautiful in widow's weeds - I found myself admiring my mother's legs, and then wondered to myself what the hell I was thinking...

"You look nice mom," I assured mom.

"Not too sexy for a funeral?" She said.

"You look great mom."

I found that most of the arrangements had already been made by my father's former law firm. 

Guests began arriving. I was touched at how many friends came up from Town. Laura was there, looking tall and elegant in black, with a veil net on her hat. Chief Griswold was there, as was Commissioner Dexter Robinson. Robinson was wearing his formal police uniform, the only one to do so. Tanya Perlman, Hugh Hewitt, and Cindy Ross from my team had come up, and of course Brittany Maxwell had made the journey with them. 

After I made introductions of everyone to my mom, to my surprise she took Laura into the study for a private conversation, and it soon became apparent that it was going to take a while. So I sat around with my friends. 

It was with a bit of fanfare that several big limousine SUVs rolled into the driveway. I realized who it was as everyone got out. From the middle vehicle a lovely blonde got out, followed by a handsome man in his forties, with a full head of black hair, and a semi-permanent soft smile on his face. He was the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds.

Oldeeds was a world-famous tele-evangelist. His career had begun when he was in his twenties, and I knew that my father had been one of his earliest supporters and benefactors. As the Oldeeds Empire of inspirational books, tapes, CDs/DVDs, television shows, and appearances grew, he did not forget those who helped him in his beginning, and he remained in touch with my father for over 20 years. Now somewhere in his forties, he had an arena at his church that seated 15,000 people, always filled to capacity as his sermons broadcasted across the Nation and the World.

I knocked on the door to the study, poked my head inside, and told my mother he was here. She scowled, but told Laura that she would have to greet him.

I opened the door and allowed Rev. Oldeeds and his entourage into the house. Thankfully, my mother swiftly came up behind me just as Oldeeds was telling me how he remembered me as a teenager. She endured his rather prolonged verbal gestures of condolences, then asked me to introduce my friends to him. 

"Jerry, I wonder if I might have a few words with you, alone." Oldeeds said after an appropriate amount of introductions and time for small talk. I told Mom that we'd be in the study for a few minutes, and then I escorted him there. As I closed the door, he rather arrogantly took the seat behind my father's desk as if it were his, forcing me to take one of the other chairs.

"Jerry, I'm so sorry about your loss." he said. I acknowledged him politely, knowing that condolences were not the reason he wanted to talk to me. Thankfully, he did get right to the point.

"Jerry, your father was very kind to me in the early years of my career." Oldeeds said, his words flowing and smooth, his smile set. "He helped me financially in the beginning. What he might not have told you is that he was one of the original eight members of my Board of Trustees. Those eight men and I created a special trust fund for each of them. As you can understand, that fund has grown quite considerably over the years."

"I'm sure it has." I said. I don't know if he detected my slight note of sarcasm.

My father, whose name was Douglass, had been slender and bald on the top of his head, with hair still growing on the sides and back of his head. With his glasses and fairly tall height, he looked more like a school professor than the lawyer he was. He had not only sold out his law practice, but had profited from other investments which enabled him to retire early, but he had not really discussed those investments with me. He only told me vaguely that Mom would be taken care of if he died first.

"Since your father has passed on, his trust fund will now begin making payments to your mother." Oldeeds continued, "I wanted to let you know that she will be well taken care of for the rest of her life. The fund is adequate to meet her needs no matter what the economy does, and they will be making monthly payments to her, beginning the first of next month. As you are the executor of your father's will, the paperwork for this will come your way, and monthly statements will come to you as well as to her." 

"I see." I said. "I'm very grateful that she'll be taken care of so well." I said, mostly out of politeness, but glad for the news for my mother.

"Yes, your father was very good to me, and I always let him know that his family would never have to worry should something happen to him. He was a true man of the Lord." 

"Thank you, sir." I said, somewhat wanting to end the conversation. The Rev. Oldeeds had never struck me as the true man of God he publicly showed himself to be, and I was eager to move on and greet other guests as they arrived.

"Well, that's all I wanted to tell you." he said. "By the way, I contacted your church's minister and he has been kind enough to allow me to say a few words at the funeral. If that is okay with you, that is."

"You'll have to check with my mother, but I'm sure it'll be okay." I said, knowing this was the politically correct answer all the way around.

"Oh-- by the way," Oldeeds said, as if it were a sudden thought, "I didn't see your sister Elizabeth when I came in. Is she here?"

"Uh, no, she's not." I said. "I don't think she'll be able to make it today." I volunteered no more information.

"Ah, that's unfortunate." Oldeeds said. He had not asked further about Elizabeth, which meant to me that he must already know something about the recent incidents with her. "She was such a sweet girl many years ago, very devoted to the Lord." the evangelist continued. "We spent a good bit of time studying the Bible. I was hoping to be able to see her again."

"Unfortunately, it doesn't look like that will be possible." I said, getting up from my chair to show that this line of conversation would be ending. "Why don't we rejoin the guests, Reverend? I'm sure they are eager to hear from a man of your stature."

The funeral was somber and sad, as to be expected, but the preacher's words of remembrance of my father's life and good deeds were comforting to everyone, I think. As the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds got up to say a few inspirational words, a murmur of recognition went through the crowd. His words were indeed inspirational to the deeply religious audience.

At the funeral, my father's best friend Billy Black and his son Jacob never left my side. I really didn't remember Jacob very much, but he said we used to play together when we were children. It was nice having him there. Another guest that made an impression on me was a friend of my mother named Dawn. 

I hadn't known her that well before today and took her in visually as she descended upon me. She was a bit older than mum, early fifties perhaps but hadn't lost her femininity. A dark fullish blouse and tight skirt held her shapely body nicely proportioned with what appeared to be, and were, seamed stockings that were quite unusual these days. She clocked my visual of her and did the same, I thought, to me.

"It's good, at last, to meet you jerry." Dawn said to me as we arrived back to our home

"I'm glad you're so close to mom and look after her in my absence."

"How did you know jerry?" Again she put her foot in it but soon realized I meant about being neighbors. 

"Let's start again jerry shall we?" I moved to more neutral ground as she gradually let go her blushing. Eventually she relaxed and we sat together on one of Mum's couch for an hour filling each other in on our lives. Married, divorced, departed, adult children, she now lived alone happily and, she let me know, liberated by those life changes.

At last guests departed leaving just mom and me alone. Then Jonas Oldeeds came by the house again, saying goodbye to me and to Mom before moving out in his caravan. She was visibly relieved when he was gone. As the sun was setting, I found myself alone in the study with Mom again.

"I'm so glad that son of a bitch is gone." Mom said suddenly. We had been talking about many of the people at the funeral and what they were doing with their lives. Meager stories, some of them. Small town stories that I was glad not to be living myself. Then she had blurted that out.

"Oh, why?" I asked, stunned by my mother's language.

"He's a real piece of crap." Mom said. "Your father just loved him when he was young. Helped him out financially, even when we really couldn't afford it. But that man is really a snake. He fucked me, you know."

"Whaaa..." I gasped, unable to believe what I had just heard... the word "fucked" as much as the content it represented.

"Yes. He'd been drinking, which your father seemed to overlook. Jonas was constantly making passes at me when your father wasn't looking. One time he just bent me over the table and fucked me-- oh, am I bothering you using the word 'fuck' in front of you?"

"Er, no Mom. I'm just surprised to hear you say it."

"Get used to it, honey. Anyway, the bastard fucked me. He fucked several other wives... and daughters... as well. I didn't tell Douglass about him taking me -- he probably wouldn't have believed me. But that was nothing, I didn't mind having a man fuck me, though it would've been hell if Douglass had caught us. But Elizabeth... that was different."

"What?" I almost yelled. "Oldeeds molested Elizabeth?" It was one of those moments where you just know what you're hearing is true. I knew in my soul from some unknown answer from the Universe that it was true. And it explained why Oldeeds had asked about Elizabeth earlier today, and why he might have continuing interest in her.

My mother sighed. "I don't know, Son." she said. "I don't know, not for sure. But Douglass took Elizabeth several times to Oldeeds' church for bible camps, and Oldeeds and Elizabeth spent time alone-- way too much time alone-- supposedly studying the Bible together. Douglass was so blind he'd never dream of it, but I knew something was wrong... a mother knows. Elizabeth was already sexually active, and that's just the kind of thing she'd do to throw religion back in our faces. But I don't know for sure. I guess it's better that I don't."

I was in shock with this information. I knew Elizabeth was wild, but being molested by a preacher, even willingly, was not something a growing, developing girl should have had to endure.

I noticed my mother studying me. "You've turned out well, though, Jerry." she said. "You're handsome, you have good friends in the city, and Melinda is a wonderful woman." 

"Thank you, Mom." I said, but reeled in shock at her next words.

"Of course, Melinda is not your true soulmate." Mom said. 

I guess my shock was obvious to Mom as she looked at me. "Yes, Son, I'm talking about Laura. The way you two looked at each other today was obvious to the world... well, to anyone paying attention..... yes, I could tell... who do you think you inherited your powers of observation from, hmmm?" I laughed nervously at that as Mom smiled defiantly.

Mom got up and stood over me. "I love you, Son." she said, then bent down to kiss me -- right on the mouth! I didn't move as Mom pressed her lips to mine for a long second. It was not the kiss of a mother... but of a lover.

"Come, Son, let's go help get dinner ready." I eagerly complied, not understanding what the heck was going on around me.

/////

Suddenly, I heard a door slam and Mum returning more quietly in our front door. What had happened?

Downstairs I found Mum slumped over the kitchen table weeping profusely. Standing beside her, I placed my arm round her shoulder and gave her a hug to console her. She turned and hugged in return with her face in the lower part of my tummy, frustratingly just above my crotch. 

"Hey what's up Mum?" She continued sobbing and them, 

"Oh Jerry, Dawn's upset with me and threw me out." 

Eventually she calmed. Aware of movement in my groin, I lifted her to her feet and drew her to the living room to the couch and sat her down with me beside her.

Cuddling her round her shoulders again I pressed her to convey the problem to me. Slowly she found her tongue. 

"I really can't say."

"Can't?"

"No Jerry I can't."

"Was she angry with you Mum?"

"Yes."

"What made her angry then?"

"Sorry, I can't go there Jerry." So I tried another route. 

"Did you try to console her?"

"I did but she just pushed me away and told me to go. She slammed the door in my face after hauling me there and told me to never see her again."

Mum was definitely withholding from me. 

"That must make you very upset and hurt." At that she lost some of the tension in her body as if it was a kind of release that hit the spot. We held each other very close for awhile in silence. She put her free arm round my waist, her head cradled against my neck, her breasts pressing against my chest, holding me as if to acknowledge her release. Inwardly I was wondering how the row could have started alongside enjoying her physical closeness and feeling a faint stirring below. Then I wondered?

"Did Dawn coming into the kitchen and seeing us have anything to do with it?" Mum unconsciously jolted in my arms but didn't reply. I had an intimation of what had happened at last and waited. 

"You felt rejected by Dawn, Mum." A tighter hug followed. 

"Sounds like a bit of jealousy to me." her body recognised my comment so I continued, 

"I can understand her being jealous, but she's no reason to have she?"

"Only that you're my son, otherwise no."

"Shall I go and see her Mum?"

"Let her cool a bit before we do anything Jerry." I assented to that. We were still sitting very close when she gave a big squeeze with her enveloped body still in her dressing gown but the hem had slipped revealing her thighs up to her stocking tops. I found the sight of her covered thighs and beginning of her soft white flesh exhilarating. The effect was a sudden fullness in my cock and its unwitting rise. She didn't see my emerging hardon fortunately. Her pressure against me did have the effect of pushing her breasts against her open neckline of her gown, giving me a delightful exposure. 

"She has to get used to your being around -- I'm not going to let her come between us whatever happens." I wasn't entirely sure what she meant but was beginning to lose my cool at that moment. 

"I'm so glad you've come back to me Jerry." She was looking into my eyes when she moved her lips up to mine and ran her lips across mine, slowly in a very unmum like way. I reciprocated as we went into a kind of trance with our lips. Her mouth opened slightly and I let my tongue slip in the gap at the same time as running my hand down her back to her hips as I began to slide it over her buttocks. Realising my move I stalled my kiss. Mum backed off my lips and returned to my chest. She must have looked down for she noticed her cleavage but then glanced further down. Her reaction to the pyramid of my gown was instant. Shocked she withdrew with "Oh god Jerrywhat now? What have I done? What a bloody mess -- oh shit. 

She tore herself away from me and ran upstairs to her bedroom, shutting the door behind her. Creeping slowly upstairs I listened outside her door and could hear her crying and sobbing. I felt callous but could do nothing at that moment I was sure and retreated to my bedroom. I let my dressing gown fall open and casually stroked myself, letting my thoughts wander over the highly frustrating previous hours. 

I decided to phone Janet, who could often get a bit sexual with me with phone sex, but she was out, fuck it. I decided to give Ruth a call. Bingo the phone rang, she was home, she lived alone and knew I was here for the funeral. But we had a thing going for us for over a year and she was as lewd and dirty as I was and always seemed willing to go there even on a Sunday morning. Very soon, I had her wanking with me over the phone about the whipping I had given her last week at her place whilst watching a particularly hard German video about a fifty year old woman getting a hard caning and anal fuck whilst tied. She was on the floor that day with her fingers in her cunt whilst we both watched the video and I beat her reddening arse with the whip we had bought together in a second hand shop. 

I was voicing our highs from that occasion when she started to cum in a crescendo over the phone. Fortunately I hadn't the speaker on for at that moment I started cuming to letting her hear me at the same time when my bedroom door opened and Mum stepped in, still in her nightie with no gown on and in her stocking feet. In the moment before she saw me, she looked becalmed but then she looked in horror at the sight of me shooting my day or two's spunk all over my semi-naked body. Silently she fled back to her bedroom banging the door again. This time I could hear her screaming and wailing even more than earlier. 

When Ruth came down from her high, I relayed what had happened, and was sure I heard a slight guffaw at the other end. We parted on intimate terms and promised to meet when I returned home. She was happy with the arrangement we had as she knew from the outset of my marriage, even though Janet didn't. 

I decided to face Mum this time and rose, cleaned off my residue with a tissue, tied my gown and went to her door. She had quietened down somewhat. Slowly I opened her door. She had the wit to not lock her door, thank goodness. 

She lay on her double bed on the sheet with no cover, still crying quietly. She looked askance when she saw me sit beside her but said nothing. 

"I'm sorry Mum you weren't meant to witness that." At the same time I lay my hand and arm across her lower back on her silk nightie. It felt good doing that and she didn't attempt to deter me but let it happen. I slowly soothed her softness. She kept her eyes closed as if ashamed of what she'd seen. 

"My fault Jerry for coming in without warning. It's just my bad luck to make things even worse than they are. Jerry could you close the curtains, I must still have a hangover, and it's so bright in here."

I closed the curtains as tight as I could and returned beside. She had turned over on her back, still in her nightie. The darkened room made it much more intimate and cool. Taking my hand again she placed it on her tummy as if for comfort. She asked me if it was Janet on the phone. I could honestly say no. She looked relieved for god's sake. 

"Can I ask who it was then Jerry?"

"A friend I've known a year or so, Ruth actually."

"You haven't mentioned her before Jerry. She must be nice. Is she? What's she like?"

"About thirty, single and enjoys it, likes good fun and doesn't want to get involved -- at least that's what she tells me."

"I can see she likes fun Jerry. Oh I am sorry I intruded Jerry. I was just coming to make peace and have a cuddle that's all."

"You still can Mum."

"This is nice but could you stroke my tummy like you were doing my back."

"Sure Mum." I had forgotten I had been doing that earlier. As I started she looked so much more relaxed and closed her eyes again. She went silent on me as I moved my hand in circles round her navel. Her tummy was slightly plump from motherhood and woman years. I could see the outline of her breasts slightly flattened by her nightie and her years as well. Nevertheless, I felt a slight stirring down below. What a weekend so far. 

Widening my hand circle, I came into contact with her suspender belt. A note of caution or another awakening on my part, let alone her. She was saying nothing, but I could tell she wasn't going to stop me so far. About ten minutes passed. I noticed her thighs and legs relaxing from their earlier tension. Her nightie was around her suspenders and were on show. Ruth you just took the first flush, I'm feeling horny again. 

"Jerry, that's lovely darling, don't stop, it's just what I need."

"I won't stop Mum, as long as you like what I'm doing."

She settled further down the pillow so her head was more aligned with her body. In doing so she had let the nightie ride up further, showing her white flesh above those stockings. She must know she's having a sexy show for me. 

Continuing my circular movements I slowly moved to a wider circle taking in her lower chest just below her lovely tits and just above her hairy mound. She visibly relaxed even further. She seemed to be encouraging me to continue. I was so glad she asked me to shut the curtains. I had never been this intimate with her in my life and I wasn't sure where this would end, though I could imagine it. 

I started to concentrate on her lower waist just above her hairs and well below where I had started. She started to reciprocate my movements with her own. It was if this care had never happened before. I decided to go for broke. Lifting her nightie above her hairs, I ran my hand round her mound very slowly and softly. She let out a great sigh but I couldn't hear any word. I was glad I was on her right side as, being left handed, I could be more dextrous and responsive to her. I slithered my hand in her hairs in small circles, gradually descending to her still closed slit. 

With her still silent, I slipped my finger into and along her cunt between her oh so wet labia and found myself where she wanted me to be, I was sure. Concentrating on her wetness I ran my fingers, now two along the crevice as I took in her vagina, and up to her surprisingly large clit where I concentrated my attention in between short hops lower down. But always back to her clit, where it was obvious she wanted me to be. 

She responded by widening and lifting her thighs now with her knees bent. I loved the sight of those stockings and suspenders holding them up. Fucking gorgeous. I decided to definitely put my own needs aside as I increased the tempo on her clit. I could feel her building up to her high, but then I would slide back down to take off the pressure but then return. I was now getting on this side of cruelty in stemming her inevitable need so I decided to go for it and returned to that swollen nub more directly by running my fingers along the sides rapidly. 

At that moment she let out a pent up scream. Lifting her hips to prevent me escaping I helped let loose her cum, an unrelenting cum that seemed like weeks of frustration suddenly let go. 

She collapsed but lifted her arms to envelop me in obvious gratitude. 

Where do we go from here? I wondered.
 
///

I was in my father's study that morning, looking over all the paperwork. I also want to see what to keep and what to dispose. I had pulled out one of the drawers on his desk to empty it of the final bits of scattered debris, loose paperclips, post it notes, the odd change scattered here and there, and even a few odd looking nuts and bolts that were certainly out of place. When I did that, I discovered something that I might otherwise have missed.

There's an envelope or something that's stuck to the bottom of the drawer. I held it up looking. It wasn't just stuck; it was very carefully taped and sealed to the bottom of the desk drawer. I began prying the tape off, peeling it away from the drawer, now curious as to what it might possibly contain. I was actually excited as opposed to being apprehensive or nervous about it as I finally tore it away, and then fought with the clasp, eventually opening it. I reached inside, drawing out what appeared to be a rather large handful of photographs, most of which were actually black and whites. And then my jaw dropped.

They were nude photos of my parents. There were some tamer photos of the mom posing alone, cupping her breasts and smiling at the camera. There was one of the two in which she had her ass and cunt towards the camera, looking back over her shoulder, winking. However, there were some hot photos too. In one of the photos dad stood behind mom, fucking her doggy-style. They looked very young and energetic. In another Mom and dad were in a sexy looking "69" going down on one another. What I saw was sexy, beautiful, hot and erotic as hell. The big question for me was who captured this on camera? Whoever had developed this? I put them back in the drawer as I heard a knock on the door.

It was Mom. "Can I come in?" she said.

"Sure." I replied. It was obvious that she wanted to talk.

She was wearing black but it was the only sign of anything somber in her. She looked happy, refreshed as she greeted me brightly with a warm kiss to the mouth. 

"I... I wanted to talk about last night." Mom said. "Are... you all right with what happened, Son?" She sounded apprehensive, but hopeful at the same time.

"Well, Mom," I began, faltered and paused, then continued, "I have to admit: it was weird. I'd never thought of you in sexual terms, I'm not sure what to make of it."

"I understand." Mom said. She looked down at her feet for a few minutes, wiggling her pretty toes under the strap of the high heels slides she was wearing. "I should apologize-- it was selfish of me. I did what I wanted, and at your expense. And--"

"No, Mom." I interrupted. "Don't apologize. I don't regret it. And if it made you happy, then I'm happy. You deserved to do something for yourself...something selfish. If you don't regret it, I sure don't."

"You're sweet." Mom said, stroking my hair. Then she stood up and moved to straddle me. My mother eased herself down onto my lap, facing me. As I wrapped my arms around her back to hold her up, she bent down and kissed my mouth. I returned it, sliding my tongue forcefully into her mouth, probing, tasting her as a woman.

My mother and I made out for several long minutes. My cock was definitely getting hard again, and judging by my mother's squirming, she was getting hot as well. Wordlessly, I helped her to stand up, and then I took her hand and led her to the sofa lined against the wall on the far side from the desk. I eased Mom down onto her back, not bothering to undress her, but just hitching up her skirt and sliding her panties off. I let her open my pants, and then I pushed them and my underwear down my thighs, freeing my cock.

I eased down between my mother's spread legs, mounting her, and guided my cock to her cunthole. "Ungghhh."

That little grunt. I shoved quickly in and back, rocking her forward but keeping the head of my cock just inside her ass. 

"Ungghhh."

The heat of her wet twat enveloped me as I began pumping my ass up and down, fucking my mother with deep, steady strokes.

I fucked her. I fucked my mother. 

I fucked her as a woman, not as a my mother. I felt the pleasure of her womanhood clutching me as I churned her cunt into a creamy lather. I fucked her selfishly, purely for my pleasure, driving into her relentlessly for the sake of the ecstasy of my own cock. Mom began coming again, spasms rocking her then rocking her again before she scarcely had time to catch her breath.

Mom's entire body seemed to burn with desire and need. We both began to sweat, the steamy, humid sweat that only lovers in the throes of passion can produce. Our bodies slapped noisily together, the sweat lubricating our skin, allowing a delicious friction to build as our bodies slid back and forth. 
"Oh God, yes, Jerry! I love you, sweetheart!" Mom crooned as she arched her back, her heels digging into my ass cheeks as her first orgasm began to swell inside her. "Fuck me, son. Fuck me lover, Fuck all the bad stuff away, make me feel loved!"

And I did, we slammed into each other with feverish delight, making hot, passionate love and our pleasure was somehow increased with the knowledge that the world was forever changing, about to close one door and open another that would end with us being openly and forever more than mother and son, but husband and wife in every way that mattered!

"You are loved, Mom - I will love you forever! You are my life, my soul, my mother and my wife," I gasped as I thrust deeply into my mother's womb.

Mom writhed underneath me, her eyes wild and hot with the understanding and love that came with my words. "I - oh God, I love you, Jerry! Fuck me, son! Fuck Mommy hard - show me how much you love me! Don't - oh YESSSSSS! Don't STOP LOVING ME, Jerryyy!" 

Mom's luscious thighs squeezed me tight, trying to lock my cock deep in her womb while her arms wrapped around my back. Mom lifted her head and kissed me hard, her tongue seeking out mine while her cunt muscles milked my aching cock, demanding my seed. Her body strained against mine as we kissed, her moans of orgasm building against my mouth until she flung her head back and screamed, "I LOVE YOU, MAKING ME CCU-CUMMMMM! LOVE YOU, SONNNNN!"

I could hold out no longer and pressed myself hard, trying to get a little deeper into Mom's holy womb and then I bellowed, "I LOVE YOU, MOMMMM!" as I began to cum, flooding Mom's womb with thick jets of hot semen. We were one at that moment and I could barely stand the intense pleasure of emptying my seed in the sweet, warmth of Mom's pussy.



After our love making, Mom reached out for me and I put my hand in hers. "Time for a shower" She said and led me to the bathroom.

Once inside, she let go of my hand and started to get ready for the shower. She turned on the water and then got some towels stacked up. Mom then sat down on the toilet. I was about to leave the room when she said, "Come on now dear. You've seen a woman go the bathroom before haven't you? You're my lover now so we don't have any secrets." So I stood there as she peed.

When she was finished, she stood up and went to the sink. I had to pee so I stepped up and started to let it go. I looked at mom. She was standing there looking at my cock and watching me pee. "I have always liked to watch that. It turns me on." Mom reached out and gently put her hand around my cock. "I find this very exciting."

"So do I Mom. Your hand feels incredible."

When I was finished, we both stepped into the shower. Mom took the soap and started to work around my cock. I took the soap from her and started to wash her tits. We smiled at each other and enjoyed the sensual feeling of soapy hands on skin. Eventually, we completely washed the each other. I paid particular attention to her pussy. Mom made sure my cock was nice and clean. After the shower, we each took a towel and dried off the other person. It was incredible and so sensual.

Mom had her hair to do so I went to the kitchen to start breakfast. I was nearly ready when mom came in. I didn't turn to look at her as I was finishing cooking the eggs. Mom stood and talked to me. Then I finally looked at her, I nearly dropped the plate I was holding. Mom was only in her panties and bra. "You had better get used to seeing me like this. I don't plan to wear much else from now on when we're home."

All I could do was take a big gulp.

We sat and ate. Mom said to me, "Sweetheart, I want to make you a promise. I will do anything you want. I've done most things before but I'm still willing to learn. I want to please you in every way. So from now on, I will only wear panties and bra around here. I know how you like that soooooo much. I like it too. I like seeing how you stare at me. So my dear, you can touch me any time you feel like it. You can make love me any time also. I want to please you."

"I don't know what to say mom. This is all very new."

"Do you remember how you felt years ago when you mostly could only look and not touch?" I nodded at her. "Well now you can touch. I'm yours from now on."

Mom got up to get the coffee pot. She stood beside me as she poured it into our cups. My eyes were level with her tits. I thought, "What the hell!!!!" I put my hand between her legs at her knees. I then ran it upward. Mom didn't move. As my hand got higher, she opened her legs and let my fingers go where they wanted. Soon I was touching her panty covered pussy. Mom put the coffee pot down and leaned over a bit. This opened up her crotch a little so I could rub her pussy more easily.

Her panties got wet. "God that feels so good. I've wanted your fingers there for so long." I hooked my finger inside the leg opening of her panties and then touched her pussy lips. They were hot and wet. My finger easily parted the lips and slid between them. Mom started to rock her hips as my fingers slid along her pussy.

My cock was growing hard. Soon I put my other hand in my lap. Without thinking about it, I was gently rubbing it. This went on for several minutes.

"Take me honey. I need to feel your cock in me again." I didn't need to be asked twice so I stood up and got behind mom. I pushed her panties down just below her ass then lowered my pants also. Mom leaned over more and I touched my cock to her hot pussy.

I slid my cock along her pussy lips. I did this a few times before mom reached between her legs. She grabbed my cock and aimed it at her hole. I pushed in and her pussy swallowed half my cock. I pulled out then pushed back in. This time I was completely in her. My cock told me to go fast and hard. I started to drive into her. I reached around and grabbed her bra covered tits. I started to pull her backward to meet my thrusts by pulling on her tits. Mom let out an, "Oh my god. That feels incredible."

I took this as a sign to go faster and harder. So I was pumping mom with everything I could. We were driving so hard, the table was moving across the floor.

I don't think we lasted more than 3 minutes before we both erupted in our orgasms. Mom let out a little scream and then I shot into her pussy.

As we settled down, I did not pull out. I needed to sit down again though. I just pulled mom with me. My cock was still semi hard and buried in her pussy. As we sat there, I still had her tits in my hands. So I gently squeezed them and played with her nipples.

"My God Jerry. This is better than I thought it would be. You are incredible. What a lover you are. I don't know how much of this I can take but I'm willing to find out." We both laughed. Mom half turned toward me and kissed me on the lips.

So that was how our day started. Mom didn't get dressed all day long. She did put on several different pairs of panties though because my cum kept soaking them. That night, we fucked ourselves to sleep. The next morning we fucked ourselves awake.

We did have to go to the store that day. It was raining so mom wore her long raincoat out to the car. When she got inside, she opened the coat. She was naked underneath. We laughed. "Are you going in the store dressed like that?" I asked her.

"You bet. This won't be the first time I've done it. It feels so naughty and wicked. I love it."

For the rest of the day, the two of us fucked like young lovers. I don't know where either of us got the energy or stamina.




