Stephanie Teases
byalanhomerj©

Stephanie Teases Pt. 01

Stephanie was sitting on her bed, she was waiting for the builders to appear across the road. There was a new high rise being built across from the road from her apartment building, and a week ago she spotted a builder looking over into her apartment when she was masturbating. She had not really been that visible where she was but he would have been able to tell what she was doing. Stephanie was mortified and ran to the bathroom to hide, but while she was sitting there about to cry she realised that her heart was beating fast and that her nipples were hard, she had liked that he had seen her, it turned her on.

The next day she had looked out at about the same time and he was there looking, she had flashed her tits at him, they were very nice tits, and he looked very pleased, but she was embarrassed that she had done it and ran to the bathroom again. Once there she felt really horny and masturbated again.

Stephanie was not experienced in the sexual ways of the world she had just turned 20 and was still a virgin. That was her choice, she was pretty, fit, and had a smoking hot body, she just wasn't prepared to fuck some boy that would disappear the next day. She was five foot six and slim, she had silky black skin, she knew she was a pretty girl, and she had curves, so getting the right man when he came along would not be an issue. However this did mean her reactions could be naive and her knowledge was limited, but she was aware of this, she didn't think she was some sex goodness because she had watched porn and read about it.

On the third day, Stephanie waited with a bath robe on, she was convinced that displaying her body fully would arouse her more than ever and intended to flash her entire body. The guy appeared a couple of minutes later than he had the two days before and there was another man with him, the second man waved, she blushed, but the fact a second man wanted to see her made her wet.

Stephanie smiled, and pulled the cord that tied the robe around the middle the loose knot untied and the belt flopped to the sides, the robe not opening but now loose around her. She took a side in each hand to control it carefully, then pulling the right side across a bit to hide his beautiful shaved pussy she opened the left side revealing her left breast. She held it open for about 10 seconds then closed it, pulled the left side over to cover, and opened the right side. She flashed the right boob for about 10 seconds too, then closed. She felt so excited her pussy was buzzing, her heart was racing. She pulled open both sides revealing her beautiful body to them, she held it open for about 10 seconds again, before pulling it back around her. Her clit was singing to her, it wanted attention, she was hot and bothered the men had looked at her naked body and she loved it. She had intended to leave it there, but her desire to be watched was growing quickly, so she flipped the robe off her shoulders and slowly, almost seductively turned around so her back was facing them, she then dropped the robe, showing them her pert, pear shaped bottom. She stood for a good few seconds, then slowly turned around 360 degrees, smiling at them as faced them, but once she was back to having her back to them again she grabbed the robe off the floor and ran to the bathroom. She masturbated furiously cumming several times, she could not believe how excited she was about what she had done.

The next day was the weekend, and the building site was quiet, there were a couple of workmen about, but there was nobody looking over, Stephanie could not believe how disappoint she was that she could not show off. Sunday was much worse there was nobody there, and when she played with herself it was somehow unfulfilling.

By the time it got to the afternoon on Monday she could not wait to let them see her. She came to the window in the same bath robe, there were 5 or maybe 6 men standing looking across today, a number waved, and she waved back. Then she repeated the exposure of her breasts, she felt like her clit would explode as she did, when she opened both sides she let go of the robe and brought her hands to her breasts, she ran her hands around them, accentuating their perfect shape and size, she finished by brushing her nipples that were rock hard, and singing to her as much as her clit was. She closed the robe. She turned, her back to them again, and flipped the robe off his shoulders, then slowly dropped it down her body, slowly revealing more and more of her back and then her bottom, she dropped it to the ground from there.

She slowly turned around 360 degrees again, and was pleased to see the cheers that came from them, then when her back was to them again, she bent over forwards, supporting herself on the ground with an outstretched arm. With the other hand she reached back and ran her fingers down the length of her pussy, then then back up parting her lips. She thought she might cum if she did that again she was so hot, and she grabbed the robe and ran to the bathroom, her wanking lasted longer than ever, and she had a couple of intense orgasms, the thought of them watching her running through her head.

Now on Tuesday afternoon Stephanie sat on her bed, she had her bathrobe on and was waiting, she had a plan to go further than she had before, give them a show, she was excited and her heart was racing, she was not sure she could go through with it, but the idea of doing it was already making her wet.

When she finally looked out the window, there were more than 10 men watching, she positively squealed with delight.

She stood, and took a bow, most of the men waved, and some appeared to have taken out their phones to film her. She waved back then started, repeating the reveal of her breasts and then dropping the robe and giving a twirl. She bent over and played with her pussy her heart racing, then in a complete break she jumped on the bed and laid down her pussy facing them, she raised her knees in front of her then slowly opened them to the sides. She could see how much the men on the other side of the road lusted after what they were seeing, as she moved her hands to her breasts and played, tweaking her nipples and making herself moan, not that any of them could hear that.

Then she slowly and as seductively as she could muster, she moved her hands down, she slipped a hand down either side of her pussy, and then pulled her lips open revealing her soft, bright pink inner lips and her pussy, dripping from the excitement she was feeling, she used a finger to rub up and down, exciting her pussy, and she bet more than a few of the men the other side of the road. She slipped a finger inside, she was leaning her head back and exaggerating the pleasure for them to see.

Her finger slipped in and out, she loved how that felt knowing they were all watching her so closely, then a second finger joined the first and she teased her pussy, which was of course teasing the men watching. She stopped and made a big play of bringing her fingers to her mouth, and then slowly licked them clean, ensuring that the show was clearly visible to all the men.

Her hands went back down, and she started to rub her pussy, and tease her clit. She held herself back from cumming as she rubbed and built the tension, always making sure that the view from outside was perfect. She flicked and danced with her fingers on her clit, almost cumming three or four times as she got herself into a bigger hot mess of sexual tension than she had ever been before, she clit was burning, and every touch was an effort not to cum her pussy was the wettest it had ever been. She lifted her back her muscles all tightening, and she finally released, she moaned loudly and almost screamed as the orgasm flooded across her, she felt like somebody had hooked her up to a car battery she shook so much. Intense pleasure filling her whole body, and her mind delighted with the results.

She lay there still shaking in the aftershocks of her most intense orgasm ever! She looked and most of the men were still there, she stood her legs a little shaky, and took another bow, picked up her robe and walked slowly to her bathroom.


Stephanie Teases Pt. 02

Stephanie had been putting on a show for the builders two or three days a week for over a month now, she absolutely loved the feeling of being watched, and there was often a crowd of twenty or more men gathered to watch her now.

She still had not met the right man, but her sexual desires were being met by masturbating to the crowd, however this last week or so she wondered what it would be like if they could touch her, feel her naked body as she masturbated. Stephanie had hatched a plan and she was standing on the street at the front entrance to her building gaining the courage to walk across the road and put it into practice.

Stephanie saw a face she recognised, a man that had watched her from the beginning, and she hurried across the street between traffic, it was now or never if she was to do it. She fell in walking beside the man and said, 'Afternoon,' her heart racing.

He looked at her, then stopped and looked more closely, 'it's you, the girl,' he seemed surprised not knowing what else to say clearly.

'I am, I hope you have had fun watching me across the road?' she said with a little shake in her voice.

'You bet,' he replied.

Stephanie was terrified, and felt sick as she said the next bit, 'I want to take the next step, but I am really nervous about it, because that means having men in the room to watch me.'

'Wow!' he said, 'how can I help?'

'I want three or four men I can trust,' she said heart in her mouth.

He stopped, and pulled her out of the main part of the street into an alcove of the building site, 'can you explain that a bit better please?' he said.

'I want to put on the show, but with men with me, and let them touch me and kiss me, talk to me, but I don't want to have sex, would that be a problem?' she had said it, got out exactly what she wanted to happen.

He thought for a moment, and then said, 'I can think of three men that would be OK with that and honour your request not to be fucked.'

Stephanie thought that her surprise at that word showed that she was inexperienced. He clearly expected her to say something but she did not know what.

He continued, 'look, you can come to the workman's office at 5pm if you want, I will have the men there, and you can do the show there if you want. The rest of the area will be empty by then, it will just be us, and there are loads of cameras on the outside so we would be on camera being in there with you, so you can trust us.'

Stephanie was not sure, she was worried about whether they would behave themselves, but he seemed very genuine and he was right she had seen all the cameras, and the police turned up all the time to break-ins. She took a deep breath and said, 'OK.'

'Meet me here at 5 pm then,' he said.

Stephanie had not planned for this, but by the time she got back to her apartment she knew what she would do.

At 4:55 she walked out of her apartment, a long coat on hiding what she had underneath. She had no underwear on and the dress she was wearing was one that buttoned neck to knee down the front with decorative buttons, right now, none of those buttons were done up.

At a minute to five the guy appeared, and silently took her into the site and to the office, as they got to the office, the guy said, 'there are a number of cameras inside the office, we have moved them to point at where we have cleared for you, there are a large number of the men in the security office across the other side of site wanting to watch, is that ok?'

Stephanie replied, 'that is amazing, I love that, of course it is ok,' as she entered office and saw three workmen, they all looked a little nervous, which made her feel better.

'Hello,' said one, 'I can't believe you are here, you are much prettier close up.'

Stephanie blushed, and said, 'thank you, my name is Stephanie.'

There was a reasonably large desk that was clear and had been cleaned, which she headed for, she took a deep breath and said, 'I will put on a show like I do in my apartment, you can watch, and you are allowed to touch with hands and lips, but you are not allowed to put them inside me? Is that OK?'

There were nods of agreement, and some mumbled, 'yes.'

The guy that had brought her in spoke, 'Stephanie, all of us here have agreed to play by your rules, we all think you are amazing putting on the show, and we want this to be able to continue, so if you say 'no' or 'stop' we will' There were nods of agreement all around. So she took off her coat, taking care not to reveal anything, then stood in front of the desk, the four men clustered around.

Stephanie took a deep breath and pulled the dress open exposing her right breast, she let them all get a really good look, and closed her dress, she adjusted the dress and exposed her left breast, again leaving it exposed for several seconds letting them all enjoy the view.

When she closed her dress again she spun on the spot and stood with her back to them she slowly took the dress off her shoulders and worked it down her back until the top of her bottom was visible, then dropped it to the floor. Her beautiful round arse was exposed, and she let them drink in it for a few moments, then turned around her hands covering her pussy. They clearly marvelled in her tits on display, but one hand then the other she removed them from hiding her pussy revealing her beautiful bald pussy to them all.

Stephanie backed up until her bottom touched the desk, and then hopped on to it, she made sure that she was facing one of the camera's that was watching. She kept her legs together, but with her hand indicated she wanted them to close in. They cautiously followed her instruction and gathered around her, she slowly opened her legs exposing her pussy lips, then ran a finger up and down them, her nervousness had gone and she was revelling in them watching her, she wanted them to touch now.

As she moved her hand away from her exposed pussy she took the hand of the guy that had shown her in, and guided it to her left tit. His rough workman's hands so different to her soft smooth skin.

He stroked her breast gently, his rough hand on her nipple exciting her, as one of the other men started to gently caress her right breast, his hand slightly less rough, but the sensations it created for her were just as strong. She moved her hand back to her pussy, and pull the outer lips apart, revealing her pink inner lips and the wet hole they protected, and her hand rubbing the slightest amount over her clit. Stephanie moaned, her play along with the excitement of the hands on her driving her wild. The two other men started to stroke her legs, running fingers up her inner thighs, and oh so close to her hand on her pussy. They all watched as she rubbed her clit, the sensations of their hands driving her mind wild and her body was responding, here and there she felt muscles tense, and little spasms of joy. One of the men rubbing her leg, intertwined his hand with hers, rubbing across her clit, her moan at that was louder than any other she had achieved on her own.

The men playing with her tits were focusing on her nipples, they had never felt so sensitive to her hands, she loved their touch, and their eyes on her. She moved her hand down and slipped a finger into her pussy, the man that whose hand she was touching obeyed the instruction and remained outside, rubbing her clit, the feeling of him doing it felt like nothing she had experienced before and she knew she was about to cum. She relaxed into that orgasm, knowing that she would not stop at this. She felt her pussy tighten around her fingers as she moaned loudly, cumming harder than she ever had before, driven by the rubbing that didn't stop as she climaxed.

As she climaxed her head swirled, there were four men with their hands on her body, she was cumming for them, but she also thought of the unknown number of men that were watching her through the security camera, she pushed her legs open and her fingers deeper, making a show for the camera, the idea of being watched driving her orgasm more than anything else.

The climax had passed its peak and she was calming again now, but she was not ready for this to stop, the hands that were stroking her seemed to be all over her body now, they were stroking all of her skin, and she shuddered with the pleasure of the thoughts of how her body was being touched and watched. The men seemed to be swapping about, but she did not want to open her eyes to see right now, she felt different hands on her breasts, her hand briefly connected with one of those and she immediately recognised it as the one that rubbed her clit. The hand rubbing her inner thigh was the rough skinned hand of the first guy. His hands moving to massage her buttocks and then back onto her legs, she loved it, as she moved her hand back to her clit.

Stephanie checked that she was still aiming her pussy at one of the camera's and started to rub again, after a moment she released it was missing something, and moved her hand to find the rough hand, she guided in across her pussy, as it moved across them it played just a slight amount with her lips, she smiled that felt good. Moments later her hand was intertwined with the rough hand again, playing with her clit together, her moaning restarted, and she was convinced that it was an involuntary thing, she had not meant to, but the feeling were so good.

She used the rough fingers to part her pussy lips again and set them to rubbing up and down her inner lips, which caused her to shudder with delight, his palm pushing hard into her clit as he did it, she pushed two fingers between his fingers, and into her pussy, she pushed them deep for two or three pumps then removed them. Stephanie brought those fingers to her mouth and may a show of licking them clean the excitement of putting on that show with the palm pressure on her clit driving her towards another orgasm.

When her fingers returned to her pussy her mind was full of the show she was putting on, the men watching her pussy being played with, and them watching and enjoying her orgasms. She pushed her fingers back in, and rubbing in the right spot on the top wall that chimed with the pressure that was on her clit that was being rubbed, she moaned deeply, and knew another orgasm was coming. Stephanie held that orgasm off as long as she could, her moaning becoming louder and louder, then as she was able to hold it no more, she let rip, shaking and jolting as her muscles tensed and spasms rocked her, she just focused on being watched as she flopped back onto the desk completely spent, her breathing shallow and fast.

When she was full aware of her surroundings again, there were no hands touching her, they were all standing back watching her. She quickly jumped off the desk and picked up her dress put it on and grabbed her coat.

'Thank you,' she said and bowed the camera.

'I will show you to the entrance,' said the first guy she had spoken to and they walked out the office together.

