My First Job
bysanglovboy(C)
Hi readers, am Sangeeth from Kerala. Presently am staying in Tamilnadu, Coimbatore. As this is my first story I expect response from readers especially from ladies, aunties, housewives and every female. And my story is little bit long and if I am boring u means please forgive me.

I was interested in ladies elder to me, house wives and aunties from my young age. I like south Indian ladies, use to watch ladies in sari and see their side view. That is an awesome feeling for me when I see ladies with sari showing their hip, navel, boobs shape etc. I like medium and fat ladies than slim ones. I am just a normal guy, age 26 now, with average looks, here no need for my cock size because in this story there is no fucking. So people who are expecting that am really sorry.

So am starting my story like this. I finished my degree and was in search of a job. I was not able to find one. I was staying with friends in Coimbatore, they have a job and I sitting in room simply wasting my time. I thought of doing many things for earning money. On my normal days I use to chat in yahoo messenger with ladies and in my facebook, download video clips and masturbate 2 or 3 times a day. Most of my chat friends are married. So one day in messenger i got a lady and was chatting with her. She told me that she don't like this fucking session and like body massage and things like that (like that means u will come to know in this story later). 

I was not at all interested to chat with her when I came to know that and I was not having any one else to chat, so I thought of chatting with her in the way she liked. This went on for next 3 or 4 days and more than 3 hours a day. That lady was very much satisfied in that. She said it's more fun than fucking when doing like this. Then only I came to know that different ladies have different type of interest. So after few days I thought in my mind why I don't do this in real for making some money, so that I can stay here without asking money from parent. Then my plan was to think about the job which I was going to do (A Full Body Massager).

So I started making use of this idea by giving ads in messenger, facebook and some places in net giving my id for contact with out phone number. So after some days I started getting response from facebook and some site which I gave, not much but 5 to 6 . In that there was a gay asking for massage, I mailed him that my service is for ladies only. Then I checked about other mails and all was from North India and I was very upset by this because I cant go far away places and do this. Then my mind was relaxed thinking that there are ladies who are interested in this type of activities and I was very happy. So I entered those site and edited my add saying that my service is for Coimbatore ladies and near by ladies only.

So nearly after some one and half month of waiting I got another 3 mails and two of them was from young college girls, I was not at all interested for them because I want to have some fun with a female at least one year elder to me. The third mail was from a lady. She said that I need your service. I mailed her ok and told her that I give full body massage and some foreplay which you will enjoy a lot than fucking and you should be from Coimbatore or near districts. I still had a doubt on her so I kept on mailing for some days. Then one day she told that I should come to her home and she gave me the address and her personal contact number. I said will fix the date and inform you. After a long thinking I decided to proceed further, it's a do or die for me. So I mailed her a date and she said ok and told to come after 9:30 in the morning and I should leave by 3 in the evening. I said ok and asked about with whom she leaving and all.

She said she is staying with her family, her husband who is working in a reputed bank, have a daughter studying in 12th. So I reached the place of her by the address which she gave me and I reached there after 8:40. I found the house and saw a car in front of the house and under stood that her husband is still there and I was very early. So I decide to take a walk and came back by 9:30. And the house was very silent and I called to her number and she said hello, first time I was calling her and when I heard her sound my heart started pounding like anything and after she saying hello few times I said hello and I told her that this is sangeeth, we chatted in mail. She said ohh sangeeth tell me, where are you? I am expecting you. I said am in front of your house and please open the door and see.

I was little scared and was standing in front of her house near gate. I don't know what to do? Then I thought in my mind if any male opens the house door I should run as fast as I could other wise they will kill me. But suddenly the door opened and I kept one foot back to run and I saw a lady. She called me back to my mobile and I answered it and she told to come in, there is no one in her home. With some courage I opened the gate and entered the compound. I walked near to the entrance door where she was standing and when I got close to her I was really shocked by seeing a beautiful south Indian aunty as like in my dreams. 

She was a very homely lady of age 37 named Lalitha. She was wearing a sari, showing her side view. She has a sexy body with some extra flesh where ever required. I said hi aunty and she smiled and said that I was expecting an elder guy and you are soo young for this kind of job and she invited me inside. I sat on a sofa and told her frankly that it is my first time and I know about massage and I will do my best to satisfy you. She said that she will use me the way she wanted and I accepted that and asked about the payment first. She said me that not to worry about it and told that you will be paid for the services which I give her. I was happy by hearing that, I asked her can we start now. She said she needs to take a bath first, I said that no need for that coz she can bath after the massage. And she showed me the guest room and told we will do here and left to close the doors properly. I took a sheet from my bag and spread out on floor and took my oil and placed there. I was very much excited to start my new job.

I changed my dress and put a T-shirt and shorts. She came in and I told her to come on the sheet, we can lie here and do the massage, otherwise the bed will get spoiled by the oil. She said ok and she removed her sari and put on the bed and came to lie down on sheet. Ohh my god my cock was rock hard by seeing her navel. It was big, round, fleshy stomach with stretch mark of her pregnancy. My head was spinning when I first saw that seen. She then removed her blouse and petticoat, she was wearing an old bra and panty. My heart was beating fast; I saw my hand it was shivering like anything. She lied on the sheet facing down on a pillow. I took the oil and poured on her back, her ass, her thigh and with my hand I touched her back and started rubbing on back. First time I was feeling a lady in my life with my hand and I was very much tensed. I poured more oil and started massaging her back, removed her bra hooks and massaged her back properly. Then I came down, removed her panty and massaged her ass and thigh from back. 

She then turned back facing towards me and I was feeling like jumping on her and fuck her like an animal. But I controlled myself and smiled to her; I removed her bra completely and saw big boobs with big black areola and black nipple. My eyes struck there wide open and I came slowly down to her pussy. It was slightly hairy; think she might have trimmed it. I came back to my sense and poured more oil on her body. Poured oil on her boobs, navel, and pussy and started to massage slowly on her boobs. She started mourning slowly. I pressed her boobs more hard, it was big and am not able to hold them in one hand but I some how pressed them hard and massaged it well. I lifted her arm and placed under her head, her underarms where hairy and I smelled it. Ohhhhh it was killing me, I felt my precum flowing out. I asked her can I lick her underarm, she smiling said ya sure. With in no time I started licking her underarm and tasted her sweat.

She enjoyed it and I moved to her boobs again and I pinched both her nipples and pulled it, she screamed slightly and asked me where you are going to take my nipples. I smiled and took one boobs to my mouth and started sucking it. I bite her nipples, chewed both of the nipples and pressed her boobs. I came down to her navel and put my tongue in her navel well. She felt very tickling and I pressed her wait and massaged with oil for sometime. Now it's my turn to see another beautiful thing in this world, a women's pussy for the first time. I spread her legs wide and saw the pussy lips, it was very wet. A white sticky fluid like my cum was dripping out. I took my towel and cleaned the cum from her pussy. Then I thought that will rub her legs now will come to pussy last. So I poured oil on her leg and massaged her leg till toe, pulled each finger on her leg and massaged every part of her leg with oil. She was enjoying it well and making soo many sexy sounds. I don't know how I am controlling my self and now moved to her face and massaged their with oil and her long hair. I touched her lips, it was soo soft, and I licked her lips with my tongue it was soo soft. My first kiss is going to happen now, I sucked her lover lips, she moaned lightly and we started kissing hard. She was trying to put her tongue in to my mouth and I opened it for her, I sucked her tongue and she sucked mine it was like being in heaven for me while kissing her like that and I was imagining that by doing all these I felt soo much pleasure and what will I feel when I fuck this sexy aunty.

I moved my hands to the final part, her pussy. It was wet again; I cleaned it again with my towel and cleaned the oil in my hand. With my index finger I touched her pussy lips, she shivered and I was feeling her pussy. I with my two hands separated her pussy lips and saw the pinkish inside of her pussy. It smells great for me coz it's my first time. I rubbed the tip of her pussy and pinched it she screamed and her juices flowed out like a river. I kept on rubbing and I inserted my middle finger, It went in smoothly. Ohhhhh god I was feeling her warm pussy on my hand; I put the second finger and started fingering her. She was lifting her waist when I increased my speed of fingering her, she was moaning loudly and she cummed out. Her warm juices flowed out from her pussy and she was resting on the sheet on floor and was breathing heavily.

I took my fingers out and smelled it and it was bad, but I dint show any expression on my face and gave a smile to her which she returned back the same with a glowing smile on her face. I know that she enjoyed it well and she want more. I cleaned her pussy again and she told me to lick her pussy. But I told her that it's not safe, she said she use to wash it daily and keep it clean for her husband. But only problem is that he won't lick her pussy for long, he just licks it and when her juices started to flow out he will stop it. So she told me to lick me hard and eat my pussy. I came between her legs and bent down to lick her pussy I first smelled it and the licked it... mmmmmmm it was warm and salty. I licked again and tasted it. It was good and I did more. I licked and sucked and pulled her pussy and she started to cum and I tasted it. Yukkkkk it's not good I said and she told not to stop keep licking me. She said this is what you will be paid more and told to keep on licking. I licked her pussy, her hot fluids went into my mouth and I felt like vomiting coz it's my first time. But I kept on licking and started fingering also, she came again and again and again. She was tired and she told to stop.

She was breathing heavily and now I know what she wants from me, by understanding that I told her that aunty am sorry than I can not fuck you coz am a virgin and I want to be like this if you want I will lick your pussy more and finger it. She said ok no need and told me that one day if you feel like to loose my virginity, you come to me I want to be that lady to take your virginity. I said sure. She was very happy and I was also. She took her hand and pressed my cock, it was hard. She smiled on looking my face. I asked her what and she pulled my shorts down and took my cock in her hand. It was dripping my precum. She pulled my skin down and spread my precum on my cock. She said I know how much pressure you are holding in this, and you should relive that pressure and by saying this she started stroking my cock. I sat on the floor with my legs wide open and she also sat on sheet and shake my cock.

It was very easy for her, with in no time I ejaculated all over her hands and I thought in my mind of asking her to suck my cock but unfortunately I cummed. I stood up and cleaned my cock and put my shorts back. I told her to lie down and spread her legs and poured some oil in my hand and then massaged her pussy and finger fucked her. She with a loud scream cummed more. She holded my hands strongly and said to me please stop I cant cum more. I am very tired. I think she might have cummed some 8 to 9 times. I went to bath room to wash my hands and came back told her to get up, she with my help got up and walked to bathroom. Her legs where shivering I know that. In my mind I said thank god I satisfied my first customer, I need to finish my job here, take my money and I want to leave from here. So I helped her to take bath by applying soap on her body once again massaging every where, I too took a bath along with her tasted her boobs again with out oil. Licked every part of her body and finished bath. We came out and she dried her body and took her cloths and went out to her room.

I checked the time it was about two in the noon. I dried my body and packed everything and when I was wearing my dress she came back dressed in another sari with a cup of fruit juice. I drank that and she invited me for lunch. I was very hungry so I said ya sure and she went to kitchen to take food which she prepared morning. I dressed and went to have my lunch made by my aunty. I told her that I love her and she is soo sweet lady. I asked her is there any problem with her and her husband, she told no. He use to fuck her 2 or 3 times in a week, he wont do any foreplays and some lickings like I did and she told that am the first person who licked her under arms. When she said this I checked her underarm. She was having a sweat patch there. My cock stood up again. I was having a fear in my mind whether I would loose my virginity today itself with this sweet aunty. We finished the lunch and she washed the plates and came to hall and sat with me in sofa. I asked can I smell her underarms coz I was feeling very horny by seeing your sweat patch. She smiled and I smelled it and kissed her lips. We kissed for some time and pressed her boobs and she broke the kiss and told me that it's going to be 3 and I should leave now coz her daughter will come after 3:30.

I said ok and asked her money and she went inside and took the money and gave me. I checked it and it was more than the amount I said. She said to keep it and will call me again for my service. I was really happy. I kissed her again and hugged her and left her house. I reached my room and slept nicely. Hope you readers like my story. Please mail the feedback to my id sanglovboy@gmail.com. Depending on your feedbacks I will be writing more stories. I will be waiting to reply you. If any ladies from coimbatore, pallakad, salem like that places near mine need my service can contact me. Age limit from 28 to 45, if age is more than 45 you can mail me I will reply your mail and will contact you. Love you all my sweeties.