Misao eyed the pentacle to make sure each angle and rune was perfect, the outer circle true to shape. This was for Kaoru - her best friend, her sister - and was far too important to handle with her usual flippant attitude.

Although Kaoru liked to pretend she was tough, Misao knew better: the older girl was strong, but not unbreakable, and inside she was soft and tender-hearted. The last few years had been especially hard on her, what with the loss of her parents, and then that bastard Enishi doing his best to rip her self esteem to shreds. So if anyone needed a little TLC – particularly heavy on the love – it was Kaoru.

Which is why she'd decided to see if Kaoru had a soul mate. Someone who would love her and support her unconditionally. A white knight of her very own. Misao was also honest enough to admit that the desire to see someone give Enishi a little payback was another strong motivator.

Her initial findings had been overwhelmingly positive. Every sign and test she knew – or could find – indicated that Kaoru had a soul mate, and that the bond between them was strong. That was the good news. The bad news was that someone or something seemed to be interfering with it... or had in the past, and the damage had never been corrected.

A soul bond was supposed to resonate and bring a couple together. Those who knew how to listen could use it like a radio, staying in touch over long distances. It let each partner feel when the other was especially happy or sad or distressed. As such, Kaoru's bonded should be reacting like a man whose phone wouldn't quit ringing: jumpy and eager to make it stop. Instead, the bond was vibrating like a plucked guitar string, and neither Kaoru nor the man on the other end seemed at all aware.

Even if it had nothing to do with someone she cared about, Misao would be hard pressed to ignore something so blatantly wrong. So she'd delved deeper, and discovered a few even more surprising facts. The most important of which was that Kaoru's soul mate wasn't human. She wasn't certain what he was, but he didn't reside on the same plane as they. Which meant she could – temporarily – summon him here and try to get some answers.

Hence the pentacle.

Dusting chalk from her hands, Misao drew a deep breath and began the truly hard part. A summoning took a lot of energy, even for an experienced medium; a novice like Misao would be out for days. Still, if this worked, it would be well worth it.

And it was definitely working.

Although she hadn't had any expectations, the figure that formed and solidified in the center of the pentacle was still a surprise. He stood straight and proud, if only a few inches taller than Kaoru. A dark blue kimono and gray hakama alternately shadowed and outlined a muscular form, and both a katana and wakizashi were thrust through the ties at his waist. Long, bright red hair was bound into a high ponytail, and eyes the color of topaz glared out of well-defined, handsome features. His only flaw was a raw and angry cross-shaped mark on one cheek. Even so, he was stunning, his presence charging the air in the room, even from behind the confines of the runed circle.

Given his samurai appearance, Misao at first thought he might be a ghost. It would explain why he was ignoring the bond, but also introduced the bigger question of how Kaoru could possibly be soul mate to a man dead for two hundred years. Before her mind had a chance to wander off on that tangent she shook her head, and decided he looked far too solid to be a ghost.

So what was he?

"Why have you called me here?" One hand resting on the hilt of his katana, he faced her squarely, his tone one of strained patience and leashed threat.

"Don't try to intimidate me, mister," Misao returned, hands on her hips, confident that her carefully chosen runes would keep her safe. "I wouldn't have had to 'call' you if you were paying attention like you're supposed to!"

Amber eyes widened slightly in surprise, and chiseled lips curved with grudging amusement as he tilted his head to the side and surveyed her from head to toe. His manner proclaimed louder than words that he respected her refusal to be frightened, even as he found the situation ridiculous and unwelcome. "What, pray tell, requires my attention?"

Not liking his vaguely mocking manner in the least, Misao blurted her answer: "The soul bond you share with my best friend!"

His stance changed immediately, eyes narrowing to angry slits as the hand not curled around his sword pressed against the invisible wall of his prison, showering the floor with golden sparks. "I don't know what Tomoe has told you, little medium, but she is not my soul mate. You will release me now."

Misao could only blink at him. "Who the hell is Tomoe? I'm talking about Kaoru!"

Once again his eyes widened in surprise, and then ever-so-slowly he relaxed, fingers shifting to touch the scar on his cheek. "I think," he said, his tone open for the first time, "that we both have questions to be answered."

So they sat on the hard, cold floor, and talked. Misao explained what little she knew, while he closed his eyes and listened, his expression thoughtful. Then it was his turn, and he told his story using the absolute minimum number of words he could.

"Tomoe is the reason the bond between your friend and I is not functioning... properly. She is a mage of some skill, and found a way to... 'hijack,' I believe is how she put it... the bond."

Misao frowned. "You mean she somehow fooled you or the bond or both into treating her as your soul mate," she clarified.

He returned a single, pained nod. "And her brother Enishi as the mate to – I assume – your friend Kaoru."

"Wait a minute!" Misao surged to her feet, moving forward to toe the line separating them, hands clenched into fists. "That bastard Enishi was involved, too?"

The eyebrow he arched was wry. "I believe the entire scheme was his idea. I gather you've met?"

Her normally friendly features were twisted into a mask of hate. "He almost broke Kaoru." Simple, direct, she all but spat out the explanation.

"Hmmm..." his golden eyes were thoughtful, and tinged with something Misao couldn't read. "In any event, I grew suspicious when Tomoe did not respond to my particular... skills." The emphasis he used fairly screamed that the subject of his 'skills' would need to be revisited, but she let it pass unremarked for the moment. "I began taking greater care to observe her movements, and eventually learned the truth." One hand slid along the sheathed katana he held in his lap, while the other traced the mark on his cheek. "My solution to the problem was less than perfect, but granted me my freedom, nevertheless."

Misao groaned. "You broke a soul bond – even a false one – with a blade?" she demanded, her disbelief and disgust obvious. "What are you, a moron?"

Growling, he rose smoothly to his feet. "That woman had her fingers twined inside my very essence, touching places that were never meant for her! It was like some sort of foul pestilence, and I wanted nothing more than to be rid of it!" Drawing a deep breath he subsided a little, struggling for calm. "If the only price I pay is to bear this scar, then I consider myself the better for my expedience."

"Backlash?" Misao asked, wincing in sympathy. Magical backlash could leave wounds that hurt like acid until they healed. He nodded. "Well... there are better ways to break both bonds and spells," and she shot him a scolding, sidelong glance, "but a guess I should thank you. Kaoru was going to marry him, and then very suddenly called it off. Now that I know... I suspect that had something to do with your actions."

Folding his arms across his chest, he gave a curt nod. "You're welcome. If your questions are answered, perhaps you would release me?"

Shocked, Misao stared and then began to stutter her confusion. "But... but... what about Kaoru? Don't you want to repair the bond?"

The unreadable look was back in his eyes, but he shook his head. "We both appear to be fine as we are, and I have no great trust for humans."

"Things are not fine!" Fingers gesturing rapidly, Misao called up an image of the bond in question, and he almost flinched at the way it sang with rapid vibrations. "You may not be able to feel her pain, or she yours, but the bond wouldn't be jumping like that if you weren't both unhappy."

His expression was doubtful, but now Misao could recognize some of what she'd seen in his eyes before: longing. "What do you suggest?"

Misao grinned: she was going to get her way. "That depends. Hopefully you won't mind me asking, but... what exactly are you?"

"Your people would consider me a type of incubus, although you labor under several misconceptions about my kind."

Was his voice... pompous? Was a sex demon getting pompous with her? Because he was a sex demon? She'd have to save that to share with Kaoru after her wedding. "If you're an incubus, then – with or without a soul mate – you have a ritual you perform when you court your chosen, right?"

Those golden eyes were narrowing suspiciously again. "Yes. If completed, it forms a bond of its own." His people were sustained by the sexual energy of their partner. It was one of the reasons they were so very good in bed: the bigger the explosion, the greater the energy available, and the less danger there was that he would take too much at one time. Mating erased that danger completely.

"Perfect! Establishing your mate bond should allow the soul bond to reconnect as well. I read about it in–"

"I will not court or bond with this woman without knowing anything of her." The single statement was firm, brooking no argument.

Although she could understand the sentiment – blind dates were a bitch – Misao also couldn't help but be a bit exasperated. He was supposed to have met and mated with Kaoru, anyway! "Well then, what do you suggest," she demanded, crossing her arms to mimic his pose.

Eyes distant, as if examining something only he could see, he ignored her pique. "There is an old but simple magic she can perform herself. It's a form of mirror divination. Do you know the one I mean?" His gaze was abruptly sharp and focused, snapping to her face as he asked the question. Misao nodded. "If we are meant to be bonded, I will hear her call. And then we shall see. Now, release me."

His demeanor made it clear that there would be no further discussion. So with a gesture of her hand and a puff of breath, Misao set him free... and began to plan how she could convince Kaoru to cast the divination spell.