A Bit More about Norika and then Me!
by Emi Tsuruta 

Before I get to my actual trip home to Japan, I want to tell you a few more things about growing up with my sister Norika.  I think this happened after Norika had moved out to go to university.  That summer, she came back to stay with mom and dad and me for a couple of months till school started up again.  I don't know what had happened to her at university, but whatever it was, she seemed wilder than before.  Oh, she still acted like a good girl in front of mom and dad, but ...  well, let me tell you about it. 

I guess this was some weekday afternoon.  Dad had gone to work, and mom was out shopping.  I was quietly studying in my room.  I went downstairs to get something to drink, and was about to come back when something caught my eye outside in the garden.  In our dining room, there is this large glass sliding door with a thin lace curtain hanging over it.  I sort of glanced out, and noticed Norika's feet at the bottom of one of those long lawn chairs you can stretch out on.  I probably wouldn't have stopped, except that she wasn't wearing any shoes or socks.  I pulled back the curtain, and opened the door to outside.  There she was lying - stark naked - just a few feet from the hedge that separates our house from the street. 

I totally freaked out.  Our house is on the corner, and our small garden is at the side with only this high hedge and a few small trees blocking the view from the street.  True, the whole garden is a bit above street level, but you can kind of see through the branches of the hedge.  Even worse, the houses across the street are all two storeys.  If someone looked out, they would see her. 

Norika noticed me, and turned this way. 

"Emi, ...  wha- wha- what are you doing home?" she asked, looking pretty surprised. 

I'd been pretty quiet all afternoon.  I guess she must have figured I went shopping with mom.  She sat up, covering her breasts and pussy in embarrassment. 

"Oh Emi, promise me you won't tell mom and dad!  They'd have a fit!" 

I nodded OK.  She kept saying the same thing over and over.  I was less worried about mom and dad than I was about our neighbors.  Some of them are pretty nosey.  They might hear us talking.  I took Norika by the arm, and tried to get her to come inside, but she pulled away. 

"What are you doing?  People will see you.  You'd better come in," I told her sternly. 

"Oh, don't worry.  I do this all the time." 

I was even more shocked. 

"The only people I think might've seen me are mom and dad, but that time, I ran in, and got dressed before they made it inside.  They didn't say anything about it, so I guess they didn't realize I was naked." 

"Oh Norika, you can't just stay out here.  If you don't come in now, I really will tell mom and dad." 

She looked at me straight in the eye, and then finally got up.  She slipped her feet into her sandals, and then leaned over to pick up her sun tan lotion and a little towel she had brought out with her.  As she leaned down, she stuck her bottom straight up in the air.  I knew she was just trying to get a reaction out of me. 

"Norika, hurry up ...  before mom gets back." 

She stood back up, and stretched really taking her time. 

"Emi, you really should relax a bit more, and enjoy yourself," she grinned.  She finally went in.  For some reason, I was the only one who felt embarrassed.  Why is she always doing these things? 

A few weeks later, she did something even worse.  Tomoyuki, the guy I was sort of dating at the time, was over, and we were studying together sitting on the carpet in the living room.  My mom was in the kitchen making supper.  Suddenly, Norika came racing down the stairs. 

"Oh my gosh.  I'm going to be late." Apparently, she had some kind of date with a guy.  She dashed into the bath room, and we could hear the shower running.  Tomoyuki was sitting facing me with his back to the dining room, but he pricked up his ears once he heard her get into the shower.  We both got so distracted we lost track of what we were working on.  We just kind of sat there staring blankly at our textbooks.  I kept wishing that Norika would hurry up, and go out. 

The shower stopped, and before I knew what was happening, she came running out into the dining room - buck naked - her hair dripping wet. 

"Where's my dress?  Where's my dress?" 

Tomoyuki noticed my shocked reaction, and sat straight up wondering what was going on behind his back.  I froze not sure what to do while Norika frantically searched through the clean laundry hanging at the far end of the dining room.  She glanced over, and saw Tomoyuki sitting there with his back to her, but she just gave me this little smirk.  She had come out here naked on purpose, I swear! 

Tomoyuki started to turn, but thankfully before he caught sight of her, she disappeared back into the kitchen, and started talking to mom. 

"Put some clothes on for heaven's sakes," Mom yelled at her. 

Aaaargh!  Norika was bad enough, but now my mom had given away the fact that Norika was naked.  Tomoyuki could no longer contain his curiosity.  He turned full around, and peered around the corner, trying to get a look at Norika.  Luckily, she was still in the kitchen, out of sight for the moment. 

"I have to go!  There's no time!  I'm going to be late!" Norika kept repeating.  I leaned over the coffee table, and pulled hard on Tomoyuki's collar trying to get him to turn back around, and face me, but it was too late.  Norika came bounding back into the dining room - as naked as ever. She looked so indecent, her breasts bouncing, her thick black pubic hair still dripping wet from the bath. 

I rushed to get up, but Tomoyuki was bugging out his eyes in shock.  It wasn't just that she was naked - although that was shocking enough - but also the fact that she was teasing him deliberately, and had come right out into a very public part of the house.  I think guys like that kind of daring. 

Norika finally found her dress, and looked over, pretending to notice Tomoyuki for the first time. 

"Kyaa!  Why didn't someone tell me there was someone here?" she yelled. Right!  As if she didn't know already.  Tomoyuki had been here all afternoon, so surely she must have heard him. 

Mom came out, motioned for Norika to move out of sight, and then started apologizing to Tomoyuki.  He was trying so hard to look innocent, but Norika had turned to unhook her bra and panties from the hanger behind her. She was deliberately flashing us her bare bottom.  How could she just stand there like that?  Doesn't she have any shame? 

Mom turned, and yelled, 

"Norika!" but that just made her drop the bra.  Norika proceeded to lean way over, flashing us her pussy!  I pulled on Tomoyuki's shirt, but he was too far gone to listen.  Norika straightened up, but the damage had been done.  I swear he was breathing so heavily, almost like he was going to come. 

Surely, Norika must know I'm upset.  She finally slunk out of sight. 

Mom kept apologizing. 

"I don't know what got into her!" she exclaimed as if this was all something new.  I was angry at Norika, but I was also pretty upset with Tomoyuki.  I mean, I liked him I guess.  He was kind of cute, and we were kind of starting to get kind of serious, but now all of a sudden he seems more interested in Norika than in me. 

Norika came back downstairs, dressed up now, called out 

"Bye, everyone.  Don't wait up," and left. 

I don't know who I was angrier at: Norika or Tomoyuki. 

After that, he kept calling, but I didn't feel like talking.  In the end, we broke up.  I guess it wasn't meant to be, but what I couldn't understand was Norika.  Why had she gone, and flashed him like that? 

About a year after that, something happened which gave me an idea of what might have been going through her head.  It was the summer after I graduated high school.  I'd already made plans to study in the States, but I was determined to make the most of my last days in Japan.  There was this big fireworks show on a beach not too far from my house, so my best friend Michiyo and I decided to go. 

Michiyo is quite different from Norika.  Michiyo's dad is a doctor I think.  Her parents want her to study hard, and go to a good university. This guy Morisawa, the top student in our class, had a thing for Michiyo, but I think she was more interested in this other boy Yuuji.  Yuuji came from the wrong side of the tracks.  He didn't have a dad, and had to work in the daytime, and only came to our school at night.  He was intense though, earnest, hardworking, honest, not like the other boys in our school. Michiyo's parents didn't approve of Yuuji though, so that relationship was doomed from the start. 

Anyway, she is a cute girl and quite popular even though she is shy.  I guess I can see why.  She has these alluring mysterious eyes and the beautiful long black hair too.  Her bangs kind of stick out almost like antennae or a hat that she uses to hide her eyes.  I was so fascinated by her hairstyle I got her to teach me how to do mine the same way. 

Anyway, that afternoon, the two of us headed over to this beach a couple of train stops away from where we live.  We found a place, and sat down to watch.  We saw my first cousin, Hideki, who lives really close to there.  I pointed him out to Michiyo, and she said he looked cute.  He has wide eyes and this short black crew cut that sticks up, so he looks kind of like an anime character.  He doesn't talk too much, but he sometimes jokes around with me.  Anyway, we didn't say hi or anything, but just settled in to watch the show. 

The fireworks were beautiful, almost like flowers, waterfalls or kaleidoscopes bursting in the air.  Unfortunately, near the end, it started to rain.  Neither Michiyo nor I had brought an umbrella, but it started coming down really hard.  I couldn't see Hideki anymore, but his house is closer than the train station, so we decided to make a run for there.  By the time we got there, we were soaked to the skin.  My aunt Sachi, Hideki's mother, answered the door. 

"Oh, Emi, come in.  Come in.  Your mom phoned, and said you might be coming." My aunt is a few years younger than my mom, and different from her in a lot of ways.  She dresses really nicely, and looks much younger than she is.  Most of the time, she's pretty sensible, but sometimes when someone tells a risquÃ(C) story, she'll laugh and laugh.  My mom is much more conservative, but the two of them are good friends. 

"Sorry about this, Aunt Sachi.  We got caught in the storm..." 

"That's alright, but the two of you look soaked.  You better come in, and change before you catch a cold.  I tell you what.  Why don't you have a shower while I go fetch you some clothes?" 

Michiyo nodded shyly.  I think she felt bad about imposing, but I knew my aunt didn't mind.  My aunt showed us to their bath, just next to the entranceway. 

"Here, I'll go get you some towels and some dry clothes." She rushed off. We took off our shoes, and went into the powder room next to the bath. I could hear voices coming from the back of the house.  I thought it was my Uncle Yuuzou and Sachi.  There was no sign of Hideki.  He must still be outside in the storm. 

Michiyo shut the door to the hall, and we both stripped out of our clothes.  I think that's probably the first time I saw Michiyo naked, although in Japan, it's more normal to bathe with your friends.  She is so slender, her skin so white, but her breasts stick out with these cherry red nipples at each tip.  She wouldn't let me see her pubic hair at first.  I don't know what she has to be so shy about.  It was just us girls. 

"Does your aunt have a dryer?" Michiyo asked, trying to focus on the problem at hand. 

"I think so." 

My aunt didn't come back right away, so we just left our clothes in a basket on the floor, and went into the bath.  It was kind of cramped, so I bumped into Michiyo, brushing my nipples against hers.  She blushed, although again I was unsure why.  I let Michiyo shower off first, and then get into the tub.  I felt a bit strange showering naked in front of her, but it was nice to finally get warm. 

After a while, we saw my aunt come in through the frosted glass of the shower room door.  She laid some towels on the counter next to the sink, and then went away again.  We were drying ourselves off when she came back with some clean clothes.  I felt kind of embarrassed letting her see me naked even though she was my aunt.  Michiyo and I wrapped towels around ourselves to cover up. 

"These belong to Namie," Sachi told us holding up a stack of clean clothes. 

"Hideki's sister," I explained to Michiyo. 

"I guess she's about the same size as you two." 

Michiyo picked out a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and I took what I thought was a cotton sundress.  My uncle started calling, so my aunt quickly turned to us, and asked, 

"Should I bring some other things?  Some underwear perhaps?" 

I looked at Michiyo.  I felt a bit strange about wearing someone else's underwear.  We shook our heads no, and then my aunt disappeared again down the hall. 

Once she was gone, I took off my towel, and slipped the 'dress' over my head only to discover that it was actually a t-shirt, just slightly longer than the one Michiyo took.  I managed to pull it down far enough to cover my pubic hair, but the soft white stretch cotton was so thin.  You could see my nipples sticking out.  I tried to pull the hem down at the back too, but I couldn't get it to cover my bottom.  I turned to look at myself in the mirror.  Sure enough, you could see the round little cheeks of my bottom peeking out. 

Michiyo looked over at my horrified expression, and broke out laughing. 

"Wanna trade?" she offered with a grin. 

"You want to wear this?" 

"No, I meant just the t-shirts." She turned to show me how short hers was.  It just barely covered her belly button. 

"Very funny." I felt embarrassed enough as it was.  "I'd better go ask if I can borrow some jeans too." I opened the door, and peered anxiously out into the hall.  There was still no sign of Hideki.  I pulled down the shirt as far as it would go, and nervously stepped out into the hall.  I could feel the air between my legs, getting me all excited.  I don't think I'd ever wandered around a strange house commando before.  It felt so weird especially when I walked because you expect to feel your underwear there between your legs, but there was nothing.  My heart started to beat faster. 

From the back of the house, I could hear my uncle and aunt's voice.  I tiptoed down the hall, and pulling the hem down to try to cover my pussy at least, I opened the door to the living room.  Instead of my uncle and aunt, the first people I saw were this other Japanese woman and a western man. Further round the corner, I finally spotted my aunt. 

"Oh Emi, I'm glad you came.  You remember your cousin, Kanako, don't you?" 

"Emi?  Is that you?  The last time I saw you, you were just a little tike," Kanako smiled.  I did remember her.  She used to drive us around when we visited my grandma's house in the country. 

Almost without thinking, I took a step forward to greet her, but suddenly, I felt this rush of cool air on my bottom.  I turned to see Hideki and one of his friends coming in through the front door.  Oh no! Here I was in this crazy short t-shirt, practically naked from the waist down, with no way to cover up.  Now what do I do? 

Hideki and friend both looked plenty shocked to see my bare bottom. Michiyo was no help.  She just backed up into the bath to hide.  My aunt got up, I hoped to help, but instead rushed past me to see to the soaked Hideki.  I turned to face Hideki and his friend, trying to hide my nakedness from them at least.  My uncle, who was now behind me, stood up. 

"Uh Sachi.  Maybe you'd better get some clothes for Emi here first.  You must be pretty cold like that," he noted peering down wide-eyed at my bare behind.  I felt grateful to him for trying to rescue me, but Sachi would have none of it.  She was in one of her frisky moods. 

"I already offered her some underwear, but she said she didn't need any." 

Hideki and his friend seemed even more shocked at this revelation. Sachi was trying to make out like I'd plan to come out here dressed like this.  I definitely hadn't meant to flash any of them, but now that I was out here, with all of them gawking at me, I was starting to feel excited. I could feel butterflies in my tummy, but more than that, I wanted to touch myself, to make this achy yearning feeling go away. 

Namie's room was upstairs, so I ended up walking towards Hideki and his friend who were still standing in the open door. 

"Close the door for heaven's sakes," my uncle boomed, the only voice of reason in the whole place.  The wind was making my t-shirt flap, making even harder to stay covered.  I meekly asked my aunt, 

"I changed my mind.  Could I get a pair of jeans too?" 

Hideki finally turned to look at Michiyo who was still standing in the doorway to the bath.  She bowed shyly, pulling her t-shirt down to cover her bellybutton.  Unfortunately, this had the effect of emphasizing the shape of her nipples.  Hideki and friend stared at her breasts, as impressed with them as I was.  She blushed, lowering her head to hide her eyes with her bangs, but this just seemed to get Hideki even more excited. My uncle came down the hall, trying not to focus on my bare behind. 

This was all a bit much for me.  I lost my grip on the hem of my t-shirt, allowing it to snap up, leaving my pussy exposed.  Hideki's friend's eyes were glazing over.  He looked like he was going to cream his jeans.  To get away, I slid past my aunt, and started up the stairs.  I was so excited that I tripped, and fell forward, just barely breaking my fall with my hands.  For a moment, I stopped trying to catch my breath till I realized that they were all staring at my bare bottom, which I'd stuck straight up in the air. 

Lifting my arms like that pulled up the hem even higher.  I shook my head to clear it, and then raced up the stairs. 

In my panic, I dove into the first bedroom on the right.  Hideki yelled out, 

"Hey!" and came running up the stairs after me.  Woops.  This must be his room.  I pulled the t-shirt down to cover my pussy, and turned to face him when he came in. 

"Sorry I thought this was Namie's room." 

He just kind of stood there breathing heavily obviously aroused himself. His face and clothes were dripping wet from the rain, but I found his confusion kind of reassuring. 

"You'd better change," I said moving closer.  "Which one is Namie's room?" 

He let me pass, but turned to stare at my bottom.  I made another vain effort to pull the hem down, but the t-shirt was just way too short.  My hello kitty was ringing like a five alarm fire.  His friend came up behind him, anxious to get another look at me.  I didn't know this boy at all, but he was a good-looking kid, not unlike Hideki himself.  The two of them just stared at me, so excited they were shaking, but eventually, uncle Yuuzou yelled up the stairs for them to quit hounding me.  Hideki obliged, pointing to Namie's room, so I was finally able to slip away. 

I'm not sure why I was so excited.  It's not like I like Hideki or anything.  I sat down on the bed, trying to will my pounding heart to slow down.  This feeling, this must be why Norika sunbathes outdoors naked, or flashed Tomoyuki.  She wants to take chances, to do crazy things.  I mulled this over, at last gaining some insight into her point of view. 

Before long, Michiyo came up to join me.  We could hear my aunt laughing downstairs, telling my cousin how we'd turned down her offer of undies. Michiyo pulled her shirt down, examining the shape of her own nipples, blushing at the memory of Hideki and friend checking her out. 

"I guess we kind of goofed up," she said wistfully.  I got up, and went over to the dresser, and started rummaging through, looking for jeans for me, and a bra for poor Michiyo. 

My aunt finally came up, and apologized. 

"I don't know what got into me," she mused to herself.  She's always been like this though, so I wasn't that surprised. 

Sachi invited us to come down, and chat, but Michiyo and I felt too embarrassed.  We stayed in Namie's room till our clothes dried.  I don't think my aunt told my mom what had happened.  They are close, but she doesn't like my mom to worry.  For me, this was all pretty new.  Food for thought. 

