Nude sleeping is my cure 

After a failed marriage and several unsuccessful relationships, I began exposing myself when an oppurtunity arose. Some of the things I did were not well thought out and risky to say the least, more so if I were entirely nude. I began to day dream about it and the scenerios I thought of were simply foolish, but also arousing. Rather than an outlet for my desires it became a need. I would spend hours thinking about it and could never come up with a relatively safe way to expose myself. I still date, not frequently however, and over time have learned self gratification satisfies me as much as sex with a man. I invested in an assortment of female sex toys, which I use to satisfy myself nearly every day or night. As far as exposing myself or have a male see me nude it was weeks and often months before I was able. It was frustating and the location of my condo made it almost impossible. My only oppurtunities were at the gym, beach or pool and most of the time it was difficult to pick a spot where I could.

It was back when I visited my grandmother almost two years ago when it finally came to mind as to how to safely exibit my body. I stayed for the weekend and that Sunday my flight was scheduled for 10am. I always sleep nude and did so in my grandmothers guest room. It was just before 7am when my grandmothers 2nd husband, not my grandfather, came in to wake me. I was sleepy yet not fully asleep and knew he saw my totally naked. I was aware that he waited a short time before he spoke my name or tried to awaken me. He never told my grandmother I was nude and as he drove me to the airport it was never mentioned. On the plane I could only think about it and determined that the easiest and safest way to expose myself, would be to have someone think I were alseep or they were waking me up. The concept was thrilling but how could I possibly make something like that a reality. I live alone and the only people who frequent my condo are female friends except for the rare occassion that I do date.

Months went by and everytime I thought about it I couldn't come up with a reasonable way to have a male see me sleeping naked without dating one. I got home from work one Monday night and my cable tv wasn't working. After them trying to solve the problem over the phone they eventually said they would send a serviceman to my home. The earliest time they could come was on the next Wednesday between 9am and 12noon. I agreed but told them the man would have to get the key from the office because I would be at work. As soon as I hung up I began thinking that, what if, I took off on Wednesday and was naked in bed when the man got here. After all I had a tv in my bedroom as well as my livingroom. I decided to do it and called out sick that day. I stood at the window for hours waiting for him and he never showed up until 11:40. He was an Asian man probably about 35 or 40 years old. I had everything arranged and got into my bed anticipating his arrival. I put a prescription bottle on my night table and scattered a few pills around it. They were only asprin but I was determined to make it look like I truly was sleeping. He knocked loudly on my door and rang the bell before he unlocked it and entered. I could hear him moving around the living room for the longest time. I had left my bedroom door wide open and was laying in bed facing the door with my head turned slightly away never opening my eyes. I suspected he was standing in the doorway but didn't open my eyes. I heard him walk away for a moment and when he came back he kept repeating the word, Miss, Miss, Miss. The he almost hollared Cableman a dozen times. I did move slightly but still never opened my eyes. He did come into the room and I heard him moving the tv and within 5 minutes he was gone and I heard the front door shut. I went into the living room and watched as he got in his truck and drove off. I turned on the tv and everything was ok, then went back to my room and satisfied myself numerous times. 

I have since had many sevicemen come for different reasons, always getting the key from the office. I always leave pills and a prescption bottle on the night table and now most of the time leave my assortment of sex toys in full view. Three of the maintanence men from the condo association have seen me nude and the one named Ted has seen me naked in bed 4 times so far. I have had men come in to fix my deck railing several times and had my carpet cleaned twice always leaving my bedroom door open. The more I have done this the more ideas I come up with. The lady in the business office has a son in college who comes into my apartment once each month to wash my windows, always Saturday mornings. He is the only one so far who has touched me and at first would only touch my breasts. Recently he has began to touch my vagina lightly which is enough to arouse me. Everyone of the men who have seen me naked have called out to me trying to wake me. I am not sure why they all do that but I am inclined to think they don't want themselves to get in any kind of trouble. I never respond whether they say my name or make a lot of noise. Hopefully they think the pills are some type of sleeping aid and some of them have masturbated while looking at me. A few have picked up some of my dildos or vibrators to look at and others stay much longer than they have to. The young man who does my windows is here for hours most of the time and when he does the windows in my bedroom it takes a very long time. I can sense when they are masturbating and kept my eyes shut most of the time. The young college boy always wears shorts and he pulls them down while he maturbates. I see his penis most of the time but it depends where he is at in my room. The only other man who's penis I saw is Ted, but only once so far.

It took a long time for me to see how easy it is to fully expose myself. Nude sleeping or the impression that I am is the best way for me. Never before have I been able to do anything like this. No matter what repairs I need I always have them get a key from the office. This way I am sure these men are fearful when they first see me naked, mainly because the office knows they are in my condo. I understand now why they make noise or call out to me. Its a defensive thing for them and once they make an effort to have me wake up they become more relaxed looking at me. Their more brave about coming in my room and some bold enough to masturbate. Others just stand in the doorway but most of the time they do come into the room and examine me with their eyes. Most of them cicle the bed most of the time to see me from every angle. I accomadate their curiosity by moving my legs and arms around for maximum exposure. I am careful about it because if I move to fast or roll over I believe it scares them. Sometimes they run out of my room with the fear that I am waking up and perhaps afraid I will scream and accuse them of violating me in some way. I think I have become more convincing each time and am pleased with how things have turned out. No matter how much noise they make or how many times they call my name or just hollar out to me, I never give them any inclination that I am concious and awake. I have a flexible work schedule and can pick and choose when I want to display myself.

I have plans for the future also and have recently looked into buying one of those nanny cams so I can video the men who are in my room and watch them after they leave. I think the one I am going to purchase is in a clock but there are many to choose from. This way I can clearly see who maturbates and also see their faces. Most of the men who have seen me I wouldn't recognize to easily. I never look at them completely and generally only see them from the window when they come and go. Other people do this I'm sure but it never occured to me until my visit to my grandmothers. I am able to satisfy myself exposing myself this way without fear. I'm convinced all these men are more fearful about it than I am. Since I have been doing this only one man has ever left after he saw me nude in bed. He came to fix my closet door in the spare room and after he saw me naked he left without fixing it. The following week they sent another man who was more than willing and visited my doorway many times. I'm just glad my grandmother's husband is the one who woke me that morning. 
