Bright Sparks Children’s Home 
by Vanessa Evans

Part 06 – The camping holiday continues.

It came time for the kids to go to bed on the first night of their camping holiday and Dennis sent the kids to the toilet block to do whatever. He told the girls to put some clothes on first and he saw that Lucy and Jennifer interpreted that to mean their bikinis, the ones that band aids covered more. Thankfully, they all returned without incident, although both Jane and Ruth came back naked and carrying their skirts and tops. Thankfully, they told Dennis that only a couple of boys from the other group camping in the same field had seen them, and they had been playing ‘skins vs shirts’ football with them earlier. The naked girls being the ‘skins’.

Dennis went to both kids tents in turn, making sure that everyone was settled, in their sleeping bags and on the foam mats before he told Mandy to wrap a towel round herself and they went to the toilet block.

It was relatively late and no one was around when they got there so Dennis told Mandy to use the men’s facilities at the same time as him. Dennis had told Mandy to take the towel off as they had walked in, hoping that one or more men would be inside and see her naked, but his luck wasn’t in, but as they were both cleaning their teeth a man did walk in and have a piss in one of the urinals.

Mandy had turned to watch him but she didn’t manage to see his cock although he got a full frontal look at her when he zipped-up and turned around. 

“I didn’t get to see his cock.” Mandy said as they went into one of the showers together, Dennis lifting Mandy up and lowering her onto his cock before lifting her up and down until they both orgasmed.

After they’d both got dried Dennis told Mandy to carry her towel for the walk back to their tent, hoping that someone would see her, but luck wasn’t with him again.


Back at the tents, Dennis stood outside the kids tents listening to see if everything appeared to be okay. He heard a few little noises that could have been girls getting fucked, but they could also have been any number of other things as well, so he went to his tent, striped and climbed into the 2 single sleeping bags that he’s got Mandy to zip into one double one.

Mandy was still aroused and she soon got Dennis into a state where they could fuck again.


They did it again the next morning. Mandy was still asleep when Dennis woke. Everything was quiet so he gently eased Mandy onto her side with her back to him then he gently spooned her and eased his throbbing cock into her vagina with her still asleep.

His first, hard, deep thrust into her woke her. Her first words being,

“Keep doing that please Dennis.”

He did, over and over. Meanwhile the noises of pleasure that Mandy was making attracted the attention of the kids and most of them came out of their tents and stood around Dennis’ and Mandy’s tent. As Mandy started almost shouting, “I’m cumming,” the kids started applauding.  

Neither Dennis nor Mandy heard the applause until they were both coming down from their high and Dennis said,

“Oh shit,” then he shouted,

“Okay kids, who’s supposed to be getting breakfast ready?”

He heard a couple of groans then the other kids went quiet. When he and Mandy emerged from their tent, Dennis dressed and Mandy still naked, he found that most of the kids had gone back to bed but he could hear a few in the marque.

Out of those kids who had gone back to bed he saw Jennifer bouncing up and down on William and Ruth with he knees up by her head with Tony fucking her. He closed the tent flap and went to the marque.



That first day and night set the pattern for the rest of the holiday, fortunately (probably), no other groups came to camp in the field so it was only the Bright Sparks crew and the group from the school in London, and they were only there for the first week.

After all the kids apathy about going out and visiting places, and the fact that they seemed quite happy on the site, and the beach, Dennis had decided that they would spend alternate days at the site and going out somewhere, unless it was raining, then they would go somewhere.

******

The main highlights of the rest of the holiday were: -


The Medical Examinations with no Doctor present.
On the first Thursday evenings, whilst they were eating, Jennifer asked if the doctor and his assistant would be visiting them. A couple of the boys told her not to be so stupid, but she went on to say,

“Well if they aren’t coming, can we invite the boys from London to come and pretend to be the doctors?”

There was a couple of seconds silence as everyone’s imagination was exploring the possibilities then Dennis replied,

“I suppose that that would be okay but you would have to be supervised.”

“You watch when the doctor brings us off Dennis so what’s the difference?” Jane asked.

“A doctor is a trusted professional whereas those kids from London are not.” Dennis replied, “for all I know they might want to start performing surgery on you, you know what London is like with knives.”

“Yes but I’m sure that those kids are not like that,” Jane argued, “they all seem like nice kids.”

“True, and their teacher seems like a nice guy too.” Dennis replied, “okay, but I will be here all the time and I’ll invite the teacher as well.”

“Do us boys have to get examined as well?” William asked, “I don’t want some strange man looking at my cock, he might be gay.”

After a couple of giggles from the girls had died down, Tommy said that he didn’t want to be examined as well.

“Hey guys,” Dennis said, “no one is making any of you do anything that you don’t want to do. If you don’t want to be examined then okay, but I’m guessing that you will still want to help examine the girls?”

William got a smile on his face and Jennifer said,

“Yeah, everyone could examine each of us at the same time, all those hands, what do you say girls?”

Six other girls, including Mandy, all agreed and Dennis agreed to go and invite the London gang over. When the designated kids were clearing up Dennis took the still naked Mandy across the field to see the London gang.


“Do you mind if I get examined by all these strangers Dennis, it sounds like fun?” Mandy asked as they walked across the field..

“Hell no, if you hadn’t volunteered on your own I would have volunteered you. I like watching other men make you cum. That’s why you don’t get much sleep on a Thursday night, watching you makes me so horny.


“Hey John, visitors.” Dennis and Mandy heard as they approached the other group of tents.


“Hi Dennis,” John said as he emerged from one of the tents.”

“John, this is Mandy, she’s my assistant and my girlfriend.”

Mandy did a little curtsey as John replied,

“You were the one getting water weren’t you Mandy. Nice. You really are a lucky bastard Dennis.” John replied as his eyes went up and down Mandy’s naked body multiple times.

“I know, but I’ve had to work hard to get things the way they are. Anyway, our girls would like to invite all of you to partake in a re-enactment of what happens every Thursday evening back where we live. A doctor comes and examines everyone. It’s a social services requirement to get the kids checked-out on a regular basis.”

“Are you inviting us to examine your girls Dennis, your naked girls?”

“It wasn’t my invite, it came from the girls themselves, I’m just the messenger.”

“And do social services require the assistant manager to get examined as well?” John asked with his eyes locked onto Mandy’s slit. Mandy had noticed where he was looking and instinctively spread her feet a little so that John would be able to see her wet clit poking out between her lips.

“It is.” Mandy replied as she felt her nipples and clit tingle.

“Good,” Dennis said, “all settled, shall we say in 30 minutes. That should give our lot time to finish clearing up after our meal, and let the anticipation build.”

John smiled, thanked Dennis, then turned to go and tell his kids. As Dennis and Mandy started to walk back they could hear John start to tell his kids, and the cheering from the boys.

“You didn’t mind me saying that did you Dennis?” Mandy asked.

Dennis put his arm round Mandy’s waist and replied,

“I’m glad that you did Mandy, it tells me that you want the same things that I want.”


Back in the marque, Dennis told everyone that they had 30 minutes to get ready and all of a sudden everyone was rushing about.

“Can we put a table outside so that the light’s better?” Ruth asked.

“You really are fitting in well at Bright Sparks.” Dennis replied, “of course you can Ruth, take one of the sturdiest ones.”

Within seconds Ruth and William were folding then carrying one of the tables out into the open. Fortunately, the sturdiest table that they had with them were also the ones with a laminate top so there was no chance of one of the girls getting a splinter in her butt.


As Dennis saw the London group start heading their way he went and got a couple of chairs and a couple of beers and put the chairs not far from where he expected the girls feet to be. 

The London Group consisted of John, 3 girls and 3 boys, all the kids looking to be about 16 or 17.

Dennis handed John a beer, offered him a seat then turned to his girls, all of whom had come out ready and eager to get started.

“So girls, have you decided who is going to be examined first?”

They looked at each other in silence for a couple of seconds then Ann said,

“Cards.” and ran off.

Seconds later Ann was back and she handed a pack of playing cards to Dennis saying.

“We all pick a card, highest goes first, lowest last. If 2 of us draw the same then just us 2 pick again.”

Everyone seemed happy with that and Dennis shuffled then fanned the cards. As each naked girl picked a card Dennis saw Mandy step back guessing that she wanted to go last like she usually does.

Everyone turned their cards over and a beaming Angela stepped forward and jumped up onto the table, automatically spreading her legs wide open.

Dennis heard John say,

“Nice.” and one of his boys groan.

“What about those stirrup things?” Angela asked, I can’t hold my feet up for that long.

“Thought of that,” Jennifer replied then turned to Dennis and John and continued,

“I was wondering if 2 of our guests would like stand at the end of the table and hold the patient’s feet up, or maybe rest them on their shoulders?” 

Dennis was looking at John, as were his kids. Dennis saw John nod to his kids and 2 of the boys quickly stepped forward, grabbed hold of Angela’s ankles and held them up and so wide apart that her legs were almost at right angles to her body.

Everyone could now see that Angela’s pussy was very wet and swollen in anticipation.

“Right,” Jennifer said, “we’ll use the cards again to see which very lucky boy is going to examine Angela’s cute little body.”

Dennis shuffled and fanned the cards but this time Jennifer took all the cards off Dennis and gave them to Mandy saying,

“Mandy, offer a card to everyone here, including all of our guests.“

Mandy looked at Jennifer, then smiled, then did as she had been asked to.

Everyone took a card, the 3 London girls being a little hesitant, probably never having being offered the chance to examine a naked girl before, and not having being offered that chance by a different naked girl.

I suppose that it was a good thing that Mike was the lucky person because he certainly wouldn’t hold back when he was examining Angela, and he wouldn’t hold back when it was time to rub her clit and make her cum. 

Mike’s actions would set the benchmark for all the other examinations.

And Mike was eager to get started but he was thinking ahead.

“What can I use instead of one of those speculum things?” He asked.

“Shit.” Jennifer said running off. “You get started Mike, I’ll find something.”

Mike was already stood next to Angela and his hands went to her tits. There was deadly silence as everyone watched to see what Mike was going to do to Angela, and how she would respond. Her first response being,

“Hmm, that’s nice.”

There was no pretence of looking for lumps, just gentle mauling of her tits and squeezing, twisting and pulling of her nipples. Everyone could see Angela’s chest rising and dropping as her arousal increased.

Finally, Mike’s hands left her tits and slowly slid down her body to her stomach. As he was caressing her stomach and pubes, Mike said,

“Can you lower her legs a little please guys, but keep them spread as wide as they will go.”

They did, just about everyone realising that Mike was being considerate to the audience so that they would be able to see more of what he was about to do to Angela.

He gently caressed all around her pussy, occasionally, lightly touching her lips or her little clit. Each time that he did, the silent audience hearing a little moan from her.

The silence was broken when Jennifer came running back. Onto the table between Angela’s spread legs she plonked a rounders bat, and the kitchen scissor tongs, the type that have 2 metal, wire rings at the end.

“The bat to open her up and the tongs to keep her open while everyone has a look inside her.” Jennifer proudly announced. Dennis smiled and had 2 thoughts, firstly, had Jennifer picked those because that was what she wanted inside her, and secondly, he was looking forward to seeing those inside Mandy. 

Dennis looked around at the girls there, most were smiling and the others were looking a little shocked. Mandy had a big grin on her face.


Meanwhile, Angela had been too caught up in the pleasure that Mike was giving her and would have been happy with almost anything being pushed inside her. When Mike finally ran a finger round her clit she let out a loud moan and said,

“I’m cuummmiiinnnggg.”

But that didn’t stop Mike, he continued running her clit with one hand and used his other hand to finger fuck her for a few seconds before picking up the rounders bat and easing in into her vagina. 

Angela’s orgasm had started to recede but the bat took her back up there again, this time, her spasms causing the 2 London guys who were holding her legs to have to tighten their grip to keep her from jerking about too much.  

After easily sliding the bat in and out of her a few times Mike quickly pulled it out and picked up the tongs. Her vagina wasn’t completely closed when the tongs easily slid inside her. Once the rings of the tongs were inside her, Mike opened up the handles and she gasped and moaned even more.

With Angela still in mid, second orgasm, Mike asked who wanted to have a look inside her. Unsurprisingly, all the boys hands went up then Jennifer told everyone to form a queue. As they were doing that, both the 2 London guys who were holding her legs, bent over and had a look inside Angela’s vagina as Mike kept it wide open.

As all the boys took their turns Mike was sure that the resistance on the tongs from Angela’s vagina was reducing and the gap was getting wider and wider.

The queue was just about ending when the 3 London girls joined it, Dennis smiling and wondering just how far they were willing to go.

The queue ended and Jennifer invited everyone to caress Angela’s body and within seconds Dennis and John could no longer see any of Angela. But they could hear her as they all brought her to another orgasm before they all stepped back leaving Angela to start to recover.

Even the 3 London boys stepped back but Angela’s legs only closed a little at first. It was only a couple of minutes before Angela put her hand to her pussy and pulled out the tongs then sat up and looked at them and the bat. She laughed a little and Dennis was sure that he heard her say,

“I must remember those.”


Jennifer was really in organising mode and soon Lucy was on the table with a boy’s hands working on her chest.

Mike’s efforts on Angela were copied by all the boys, even the London ones who were enjoying it as much as everyone else and soon all the Bright Sparks girls under 18 had had a really enjoyable time. Jennifer had been fifth and had had time to recover before Ann was in recovery mode and getting off the table.


Jennifer turned to the London girls and said,

“Come on girls, your turn, get naked and one of you get on that table.”

There was deadly silence for at least 10 seconds as the 3 London girls just stood there not knowing what to do. Finally, one of then started pulling up her top, then another, then the third. By then, all the boys were cheering them along. Soon, the faces of the 3 looked at each other then one stepped forward. As she climbed onto the table Dennis was pleased to see that all 3 had bald pubes.

As the girl spread her legs, 2 of the London guys stepped forward to assume the leg holding duties but Jennifer told them to stop then turned to Mike and David and asked them to hold her legs as wide as they could get them.

They didn’t need to be asked twice, then Jennifer turned to the third London guys and asked him to step forward. He did and Jennifer said,

“You’ve seen what the Bright Sparks boys did to the Bright Sparks girls, now you do it to your friend.”

The boy slowly emulated what he had seen the Bright Sparks boys do and it wasn’t long before the girl responded in the same way as the Bright Sparks girls had.

It also wasn’t long before that girl was getting the bat then the tongs eased inside her vagina and she was responding by cumming.


By then the other 2 London girls had obviously wanted their turn because they both stepped forward when Jennifer asked for the next girl. One of them stepped back and the ‘winner’ climbed on the table.

Then Jennifer told one of the boys who had been holding his friends legs open to swap places with the boy who had just made said friend cum. He did and the second round commenced with the same end results. And so it was with the third London girl, all of them looking tired and happy at the end of it.


Most of the kids thought that the show was over until Jennifer announced that the star of previous examinations was about to perform again. She turned to Mandy and asked her to step forward.

Mandy had been standing behind Dennis all throughout the show so far, she’d been jealous of course, but hadn’t assumed anything, so when Jennifer called her to the front her heart rate increased, her nipples and her pussy throbbed, and her pussy started producing copious amounts of juices.

As Mandy climbed onto the table Jennifer then surprised everyone by asking John and Dennis to come forward and examine Mandy. Of course both were reluctant, both saying that it wasn’t right, but Jennifer reminded them that Mandy was 18 and no longer Dennis’ responsibility as a child, she could do whatever she wanted, and when Jennifer turned to Mandy and asked id she wanted both Dennis and John to examine her she politely replied,

“Yes please.”

“But she’s your girlfriend.” John said.

“And she’s just asked you to examine her,” Dennis replied, “and I certainly have no objections.”

Well John wasn’t going to object anymore and he went round to the other side of the table. When he looked down Dennis was already caressing one of Mandy’s tits so he started on the other one.

Needless to say that Mandy was loving it and her vocal responses let everyone know that she was. Within a minute her first orgasm hit her and out of his peripheral vision he could swear that he saw a couple of drops of creamy white liquid shoot out of her pussy.

When Dennis, quickly followed by John, slid their hands down Mandy’s body they had a little problem getting to her stomach because she was holding her ankles, way passed the 90 degree angle. Deciding to approach from a different angle they both stepped around her legs and were presented with the beautiful sight of her very wet pussy, larger that usual clit, and her puckered butt hole.

“Wow!”John said, “that’s so amazing.”

They each started caressing her inner thighs, sometimes just lightly touching parts of her pussy causing her to moan. On about the fifth touch they saw her vagina entrance  clench tightly shut then open again and 2 more squirts of white creamy liquid shot out at the same time as another orgasm hit her.

Both men watched Mandy as her whole body had a series of spasms and her pussy clenched then relaxed. Dennis touched her clit and Mandy went back up there again.

Dennis pulled his hand away and motioned for John to take over tormenting the poor girl, which he happily did.

“The bat, use the bat.” Someone shouted.

Dennis picked it up and slowly inserted it in his girlfriend’s vagina. Everyone watched as the bat almost got pulled out of Dennis’ hand as her vagina muscles pulled it in, in short jerking movements.

Dennis watched this for a few seconds then turned to the group from London and said,

“Play with her tits.”

Dennis was a little surprised when one of the boys and one of the girls stepped froward and reached to Mandy’s tits.

When there was a lull in Mandy’s orgasms Dennis pulled the bat out and eased the tongs into her then opened them wide. As he did so he was watching her face and her eyes opened a bit wider and her smile widened.


Then Dennis was surprised as someone put a torch near Mandy’s pussy. It was one of the new LED ones that supposedly can light something up half a mile away. 

“Shine the light up her.” Someone said. 

Well Dennis had never looked deep into Mandy’s vagina so with one hand still holding the tongs wide open, he squat down, shone the light inside and looked. He could see her cervix, gallons of her juices and the walls of her vagina pulsing, probably in-time with her fast beating heart.

“Can I have a look?” Dennis heard.

He thought for a second the stood up and said,

“Form a queue folks.”

They did, and one after another, girls as well, they each looked deep into Mandy’s vagina whilst Dennis held it wide open, Dennis swearing that the diameter was slowly increasing as the time went on.

Some of the young people were lucky and got to see Mandy orgasming as every time she appeared to start relaxing, up she’d go again. Dennis guessed that it was all the people looking inside her that set her off again.


When all the teenagers had looked inside Mandy, Dennis turned to John and invited him to have a look, which he did, saying,

“Always wondered what the inside of a vagina looked like.”

“So did I, especially when the girl is cumming.” Dennis replied, just as Mandy had yet another orgasm.

Dennis looked at her face and it was obvious that the poor girl was knackered.

“That girl of yours really is multi-orgasmic Dennis you’ve got a real winner there mate.” John said

“Yes I know, but I think that that was a record for her, did you count them?”

“I was way too busy watching her body jerking about mate.”

“Me too, I love to watch her cumming.”


They, along with everyone else watched as Mandy reached yet another peak then slowly returned to normal. This time though, Dennis stopped pressing the tongs handles apart and her vaginal muscles slowly closed the tongs.

Dennis looked up to Mandy’s face again, and saw mixed signs, yes she was knackered, but Dennis also saw signs of her wanting more. He smiled at her thinking that he’d have to think of more ways to pleasure her body to its limits.


“Well Dennis,” John said, “thank you for a VERY entertaining evening. I don’t think that there’s anyone here who can say that they didn’t enjoy it, although I think that most of the boys will be suffering from a case of Blue Balls, but I’m sure that that will be taken care of soon. We’ll leave you now because I suspect that most of the kids have plans to keep the entertainment going for a while.”

“No problem John, if the girls want to play doctors again before you leave I’ll send Mandy over with another invite.”


John and his London gang left, Dennis watching them walk across the field for a few second. The thing that amused him was that 3 girls were still naked and carrying their clothes. He smiled as he thought about what they would probably get up to when they got to their tents.


Then he turned back to Mandy, she was still flat on her back on the table and still holding her legs wider than the splits. Still amazed how girls can do that, but really thankful that they can, he went and stood beside her and looked down at her.

“Are you okay Mandy?” He asked.

“Hell yes, what is everyone going to do to me next?”

“Put you to bed girl, you look knackered.”

“I am but I can still take some more.”

“Maybe after I’ve got this lot to bed.”

Dennis turned and saw Tony and William standing talking.

“Guys, can you do me a favour please?”

They came over to him, looking at Mandy’s still spread pussy.

“Will you carry Mandy to her tent and put her down on the sleeping bag please?”

“Sure.” they both replied and looked at her trying to work out the best way to carry her.

Dennis watched at they tried a couple of ways then settled for William between her legs holding her behind her knees and Tony holding her top with her back to him and his hands round her chest. Inevitably, he found that the best way to hold her was by putting his hands on her tits.

“Sorry Dennis,” Tony said, “but this is the easiest way to hold her.”

“That’s okay Tony, I don’t suppose that she’ll complain.”


Dennis went to check the other kids and wasn’t at all surprised to see that they’d split into girl and boy couples and were all over each other.

“Shower and teeth when you can guys.” He announced in front of each tent.


He then checked the marque then went to his own tent where he found Mandy fast asleep with her right hand cupping her pussy. He unzipped and eased the top half of the sleeping bag off her, stripped and lay beside her, then zipped them in for the night.


Dennis woke the next morning to find Mandy riding his morning woody. 

******

Group Masturbation on the Beach
On one of the many days that they all spent on the beach, Dennis watched the kids, and Mandy, frolicking in the sea with a ball or just splashing each other.

This particular day, they had gone to the far end of the beach. All the girls had gone to the beach naked (as they did every time they went) and Dennis had assumed that they just wanted to show-off their cute bodies to the people that they passed on the way. 

Dennis had, as usual, sat on the beach about 15 metres from the water and just watched them messing about. He was responsible for them so he just watched them.

Anyway, after about 30 minutes, the girls all gathered together and chatted for a minute or so, then came out of the water. With Mandy smiling at Dennis, the girls sat on the sand between Dennis and the water, in a row, facing the boys who were still messing about in the water.

Then they all did something that caught Dennis by surprise, they all spread their legs and leant back on one elbow. Their free hands then went to their pussies and all 7 (including Mandy) of them started rubbing their pussies.

Of course this got all the boys attention quite quickly and Dennis quickly looked around to see if anyone else was looking. Fortunately, with them being at one end of the beach there was no one else quite close at that moment.

Dennis watched as the boys got out of the water and stood in front of the girls, staring down at what the girls were doing to themselves.

It was Mandy who orgasmed first, quite loudly, then one by one, in random order, all the girls started to cum. The thing was, they kept going, it wasn’t a 30 second dash, it was more like a marathon, the girls were targeting more orgasms, but none of them achieved as many as Mandy.


Inevitably, people were walking along the water’s edge to the end of the beach and back. Fortunately, it was men and not women that were getting some exercise and the men responded to the wonderful sight in one of two ways, either they pretended not to notice, or they stared at the girls. Either way, Dennis was relieved that they didn’t kick up a stink. 

After an unknown number of orgasms the girls finally stopped and got to their feet, Lucy asking the boys if they’d enjoyed the show.

“Stupid question girl.” David replied. “Can I fuck you now?” 

“If you can catch me.” Lucy shouted as she started running into the water. Dennis never saw them fucking in the water, it was probably too cold for David to get it up,


The girls put on the same show 3 more times before they went home, once more on the beach and twice back at the campsite.

******

Grocery Shopping
Feeding 14 people each day takes a lot of food and every other day Dennis had to go to a supermarket to get the food. Each time that he went he took one of the girls and one of the boys. It was on Mandy’s roster so they all knew when it was their turn.

It was like the girls had got together and decided what they were going to do when it was their turn to go shopping because they all did the same things.

Each time that the girl got into the minibus they got into the front and Dennis had to tell them to climb over to the back. He would have loved for them to ride in the front but there was too much risk involved.

The girls got into the minibus wearing just their flip-flops and carrying a dress or a skirt and top which they would put on when they arrived at the supermarket car park.

Anyway, with the girl having got dressed the 3 of them grabbed a couple of trolleys and in they went.

It was a good job that Dennis and Mandy had planned the menu for the whole of the holiday, and worked out each supermarket runs shopping list because, as he had expected, the girl of the day was quick to volunteer to get the products both on the bottom and the top shelves thus exposing either their butts and pussies, or their tits if they had remembered to wear a loose top.

None of the girls seemed to care when they did this so it was down to Dennis to tell them what to get and when. The last thing that he wanted was to get thrown out and have to go and find another supermarket.

The checkouts was another problem area if it was a male operator. For some reason the girls never tried to bend over to put things in the bags in the trolleys if it was a girl operator.

Pushing the trolleys out to the minibus was also a challenge as the girls always wanted to bend over the back of the trolleys as they pushed it. As Dennis followed them he saw quite a few people get a shock when they saw a butt and pussy, and he also saw 2 very near accidents as the drives stared at the girl’s butt.

Dennis was always nervous and happy, and slightly relieved when the 3 of them were back in the minibus.

******

The Trampoline Park
This was one activity that the kids had picked and Dennis was happy to go along with.

Before they set off to go there, Dennis suggested that the girls wear their PE skirts, telling them that they didn’t want their leg movements restricted. Most of the girls, probably all actually, realised that in a skirt like that they would be exposing themselves quite a lot and they happily complied with the suggestion. Some of them also wearing a loose fitting top with the skirt.


Dennis went up to the viewing area to watch and it wasn’t long before he started seeing skirts not coming back down as quick as the bodies they were supposed to cover. Dennis wasn’t sure if the girls realised that they were flashing or just enjoying it. The skirts are so light that they have told Dennis that they often feel like they are bottomless.

The other thing was that the flashes happened so quick that unless you were actually looking you’d probably miss it.

Ruth, Jennifer and Mandy soon gained some confidence and started bringing their legs up to the sitting position, but wide apart, each time that they were in the air, and Dennis really appreciated the sight, especially from Mandy.

The girls who were wearing loose fitting tops also flashed their tits when they bounced right up. Again, Dennis wasn’t sure if they realised or not, or, more likely, they didn’t care.

What he did know was that a man was stood not far from him, and he too was watching what was going on. Dennis assumed that he had a kid bouncing up and down somewhere but it was the girls that he was watching. 

At one point the man turned to Dennis and said,

“Have you seen those girls? You’d think that someone would tell them and would have made sure that they were wearing trousers, or at least knickers, to come to a place like this.”

Dennis just smiled.


There were other areas where it wasn’t just going up and down, one being where you had to jump high on a trampoline and when you were high enough you were supposed to turn and throw your back against the wall. You had a sort of jacket to wear and both the back of the jacket and the wall were covered in velcro or something, and when you landed against the wall, if you got it right, you’d stick to the wall and be left hanging there until your weight slowly pulled you down or someone came and pulled you down.

When Mandy and Jane got there they saw a young man turning upside down whilst in the air as well, and sticking to the wall upside down. Mandy said,

“I bet that I can do that,” and walked over to the young man who was supervising things.

“Are you sure that you want to have a go, you’re wearing a skirt?”

“Yes, why not?”

“I was just thinking, oh never mind, here, put this on and fasten it tight.”

Mandy did, and they waited until the first young man had finished before Mandy climbed on and started bouncing up and down, each time that she came down her skirt bellowed out and went above her waist. She went higher and higher until the supervisor told her to turn and go against the wall. 

She tried and failed miserably.

“I can do it, just need a bit of practice.” Mandy said as she got back to her feet and started bouncing again. 

The next time she turned both ways but didn’t make it to the wall. After picking herself up again she said,

“This time.”

And she did, not quite in the perfect position but she was upside down with her back stuck to the ball. Instinctively, she spread her legs to get better balance. She was only up there a few seconds but that was long enough to see the supervisor looking at her bare pussy.

She was giggling as she crashed back down to the trampoline.

“It’s going to be perfect this time.” Mandy said as she got to her feet and started over.

And it was – nearly. She was hanging upside down, legs spread, skirt round her waist and both the supervisor and Jane looking at her, and the young man who’d been there earlier. He’d come back to talk to the supervisor and maybe watch Mandy as well.

Now Mandy is quite light and she was stuck quite well against the wall. After about a minute or so her giggling stopped and she started to wriggle. This had no effect and a few seconds later she asked for some help.

The 2 young men climbed up, their heads being really close to her bare, spread pussy. They reached for her legs and bend them down, giving the 2 young men a really close-up view of her butt and pussy.

The 2 young men held a leg each and held on to the jacket thing as they pulled her legs backwards.

Slowly, Mandy peeled off the wall and the young men managed to hold the jacket up as her legs dropped to the trampoline.

“That was fun, thank you guys.” Mandy said as she climbed to the floor. “Are you going to have a go Jane?”

“Sure, why not?”

She did, she tried turning 3 times, each time ending up in a heap on the trampoline but also giving the 2 young men a great view of her pussy and butt, before admitting defeat and climbing off.

By then, some of the other Bright Sparks kids had gone over to watch. Dennis was also watching and he was proud of Mandy but still not knowing if she was flashing on purpose or just not realising. Whatever the reason, Dennis was proud of her.

Two of the Bright Sparks boys had a go, one successfully, but the others, boys and girls didn’t. In the minibus on the way back to the campsite Dennis over-heard Ruth telling Mandy that she really wanted to have a go, she wanted to be hanging upside down and have to be rescued by the 2 young men, but she was too scared. 

******

Ten Pin Bowling
This was a laugh for all concerned. Dennis got 4 lanes all together. As he was the only one who had bowled before and had to show them all how to bowl, and of course he told them that they had to bend right over before they let go of the ball. Every time one of the girls bowled her dress or skirt rode up and she gave everyone behind her a great view of her bare butt.

It wasn’t long before a few men realised what was on display and they had a small audience by the time the game was finally over.

******

Horse Riding
Dennis had phoned and booked the place before they left for the holiday and it turned out that the place had to borrow a couple of horses to cope with the 14 of them.

As the girls don’t have shorts or trousers they had to go wearing miniskirts or dresses and when the old man came out to meet them he looked a little shocked.

“Have those girls got any trousers to change into?” he asked.

“No, they don’t own any,” Dennis replied. “They’ll be okay, none of them has ridden before so they won’t be going very fast.” 

“Are you sure, they’ll have to get on and off the horses as well and I’ve only got stable boys working today, the girls only work weekends.”

“That’s okay, none of the girls worry about things like that.” Dennis replied, assuming that the man meant the stable boys looking up the skirts as they helped them get on and off.

“Watch where you’re walking.” Dennis told them as the man led them round to the sables.

“Why?” Lucy asked.

“Horse shit.” Willian replied.


In the yard where all the stables were, they saw 10 horses with saddles already on them and 2 young men leading another 2 horses out of some stables.

“Ah, you must be the party of 14.” One of the young men said.

“Yes we are.” Dennis replied.

“Are those girls intending to ride dressed like that?”

“Yes, why?”

“I just wondered.”

Dennis knew what was going through the young man’s brain and he smiled.

“Won’t everyone need a hard hat?” Dennis asked.

“Yes, I guess that we’re running a little late, not quite ready for you. The kids can go and say hello to the horses if they like, they won’t bite them.”

“They are all docile horses aren’t they? None of us has ridden a horse before.”

“Yes, don’t worry, none of them will go any faster than walking pace.”

Dennis told the kids to go and say hello to the horses whilst he and Mandy just stood and watched. As the 2 stable hands got the last 4 horses saddled, Dennis put his arm round Mandy’s waist then let it slide down to the top of her thighs, then back up under  her PE skirt. He was fondling her bare butt and pussy all the time until the stable hands told him that they were ready to sort out the hard hats.

Dennis called everyone over then they followed the stable hands into one stable that had been converted into a store room.

The kids were asking all sorts of silly questions as they were fitted with hats, but Dennis heard one question that Jennifer asked,

“Can we ride naked, like that Lady Godiva woman did?”

The room went silent as everyone waited for a reply.

“Well, err, I guess that you could, what do you think Andy (the other stable hand)?”

“Wow, never been asked that before. We’re not going on any public roads, just paths and I’ve only ever seen a few people on them, so I suppose that it will be okay.”

“Shouldn’t we check with the boss?”

“Not worth it, he says yes to just about anything that we ask him Philip (the first stable hand) replied, then he turned back to Jennifer and answered her question,

“If that’s what you want to do then yes you can, young Lady Godiva.”

Within seconds 7 girls were naked and Philip and Andy just stared open mouthed.

“Wow,” Philip finally said, “6, no 7 Lady Godivas.”

“Can we leave our clothes here please?” Jennifer asked.

“Sure, why not.” Andy said, “all of a sudden I’m pleased that I agreed to work today.”


All fitted with hats, the group went out to the horses. While Andy gave everyone a quick lesson in how to get a horse to do what you want it to do, Philip went and got 2 more, bigger horses for him and Andy.

“Right everyone,” Andy said, “time to get mounted. Phil and I can either give you a leg over, sorry, up, or you can use the mounting stool over there. Remember, always get on a horse from its left side.”

“Why?” Dave asked.

“It goes back to when horses were used in wars and the riders had big swords. Because of how the riders wore the swords they could only mount from the left so it got to be a tradition and horses now expect to be mounted from the left side.” Andy answered.

“You can mound me from any side.” Mandy whispered to Dennis.

Everyone wanted a leg up so Andy and Phil got started. For some reason the boys got mounted quite quickly but both Andy and Phil took their time with the girls, keeping them stood with one leg up on Andy’s or Phil’s thigh for ages before telling them to push up and over. 

Guess where the stable hands eyes were when the girls were getting their leg over?

Just to get the most out of having 7 Lady Godivas, each girl was told to stand in the stirrups to see what it was like standing. With the girl’s legs spread wide, everyone knew where the stable hands were looking.

Mandy and Dennis were the last to mount their horses and as they waited Dennis whispered to Mandy,

“When you’re stood in the stirrups ask some questions so that you’re stood up longer.”

Mandy smiled.


As soon as Mandy’s feet firmly in the stirrups she started with the questions. Most were stupid and irrelevant but Phil was patient in answering her. Well he would wouldn’t he, he was looking up at her shiny wet pussy, with her clit sticking out, all the time.  

Dennis wondered if it was enough to make her cum, but she didn’t before she ran out of things to ask.


Finally everyone was mounted except for Andy who led his horse to the gate and opened it.

Everyone had been told that either Phil or Andy would be at the front and that they were to follow them. 

Off they went, slowly plodding along. Mandy and then Dennis were the last 2 of the Bright Sparks party with Phil pulling up the rear.

To start with, Dennis spent as much time staring at Mandy’s back and down to her butt crack as he did at the scenery, which when he did so he found to be very beautiful and relaxing.

After a while, Phil led his horse alongside Dennis and they started talking, Phil asking all sorts of questions about who they were, where they were from, etc. etc. Dennis knew what Phil was building up to, but he wasn’t going to volunteer the information.

Finally, Phil said,

“So what’s with this Lady Godiva thing and the girls wanting to ride naked? Not that I’m complaining.”

Dennis laughed then gave Phil a brief summary of what had happened from 2 of the girls being punished by humiliation then how it had got out of control. Dennis didn’t explain that he had been planing getting into his current position for years.

“Wow,” Phil said, “that’s some story, it must be hard for you, and the boys, having 7 naked girls around you all the time.”

“Not really, you soon get used to it. The biggest problem is trying to get them to put some clothes on when they go out. I’m sure that they’d walk around town totally naked if I let them.”


Just then Dennis heard some cheering from the front of the convoy.

“They’ve seen the beach.” Phil said.

“I thought that I could smell the sea, are we going down onto the beach?”

“Yes, but don’t worry, it’s impossible to get to it by car so there’s hardly ever anyone on it.”

Dennis wasn’t worrying, he was smiling to himself and hoping that there would be lots of people on it.


As they got closer and closer Dennis could see people on the beach, then Phil said,

“There appear to be a few people on the beach, do you want us to turn around so that they don’t see the girls?”

“No, don’t worry about it, we’re camping next to a clothing optional beach and that hasn’t bothered the girls.”

As Dennis’s horse plodded on he found that Andy, at the front had stopped and all the others were gathering around him.

“I didn’t know if we should turn around and go back?” Andy asked.

“Keep going.” Phil shouted.

They did, but on the beach they weren’t in a single line, they’d all bunched up. As they got nearer to the dozen or so people Dennis saw that they were a group of young people, teenagers and early twenties. Some were looking towards the riders trying to work out if there really was some naked girls on horseback approaching them.

Just as they were getting close, Jennifer said,

“Can we stop and go for a quick swim please Dennis? It’s hot today.”

“Well that depends on Phil and Andy.” Dennis replied.

Dennis looked at Phil who was looking at Andy then both Andy and Phil shrugged their shoulders.

“Okay then, but just a quick swim.” Phil announced.

“Yeah.” A couple of the girls shouted, then Jennifer said,

“I don’t know how to get off, can someone help me please?”

“Hang on.” Phil shouted back.

Both Phil and Andy got off their horses, just letting the reins drop to the sand, and walked over to Jennifer.


Now Dennis didn’t know what the correct way to get off a horse is but he doubted that it’s the way that Phil helped Jennifer get off. He went to her left side and told her to swing her right leg over and sit sideways on the saddle. As Jennifer did this Phil’s head was at about Jennifer’s pussy level and as she shuffled round she ended up with her legs well apart giving Phil a close-up of her pussy.

After absorbing the sight for a couple of seconds Phil put his arms to Jennifer’s waist and gripped her.

“Lean forwards so that I take your weight.” 

She did, her tits mashing into his face. He held her there for a couple of seconds then slowly lowered her to the sand, her tits sliding down his face then the top of his T shirt clad top.

“Thank you sir.” Jennifer said with a big grin on her face.

“You’re welcome.” Phil replied. “That’s how to do it Andy.” Phil continued as if Andy had never helped anyone off a horse before.

“Can you help me get down?” Angela asked.  

For the next 5 minutes Phil and Andy helped all the girls get off their horses in the same way that Phil had helped Jennifer.

When it came to Mandy’s turn and she had to lean forward into Andy, she wrapped her legs around him and when she was on the sand Dennis saw a trail of her juices down the front of his jodhpurs. 

Later, Mandy told Dennis that Andy was all hard when she slid down him. Dennis just smiled and thought,

“What the hell do you expect girl?”


As the girls frolicked in the sea Dennis looked around. The group who were on the beach first were all just staring at the girls, as were the boys and the stable hands.

“Not going in?” Dennis asked the boys who were still on their horses.

“Naw,” Mike replied, “don’t want to get our shorts wet.”

“You could always take them off and skinny-dip like the girls.” Dennis thought but didn’t say.

Five minutes later the girls started coming out of the water and everyone could see that their nipples were as hard as they could get. They picked up their hats and put them on as they walked to their horses, some of them not remembering which horse they’d been on.

Phil and Andy then helped them back up in the same way as they had at the stables and finally everyone was mounted and they started to continue their trek.

Dennis smiled at the group still standing and staring at the girls as they passed.


The trek continued and on the way they saw 2 couples walking towards them. They too just stared up at the girls with their tits wobbling a little as they went ny.


Back at the stables Phil and Andy helped the girls get off their horses in the same way as they had on the beach, Mandy again wrapping her legs around Phil and leaving a snail train on his jodhpurs. 

Dennis was close by and he looked at the saddle that Mandy had got off and saw a dark patch on the saddle. He wondered if all the other girls had been leaking juices as well.

The boys had all managed to get off on their own and when the last girl was off they went to put their hats back and were surprised to see the old man looking at the selection of girls clothing.

“What’s this?” He said as Phil walked in.

“Lady Godiva boss.”

The old man smiled but his eyes were immediately drawn to the 7 naked girls that had just walked in.

“Jeez, all 7 of them?”

“Yes boss.”

“Lucky you.”


Dennis walked in and went to the old man. He hadn’t seen Dennis and was a little surprised when Dennis said,

“Thank you for taking us, I didn’t really expect to find a place that could take so many of us.”

“What? Oh yes, I hope that you all enjoyed the experience.”

“I’m sure that they did, most of them will only have seen a horse on the television before today.” 

“What? Oh yes, anytime, err, would you like a group photograph with a couple of the horses?”

“That’s a good idea.”

“It’s not something that we usually do, but there again we don’t often get 7 Lady Godivas. Hang on a minute, I’ll go and get my camera.”

As the old man walked out Dennis turned to the girls and told them that they were about to be photographed. Three of the girls had started to get dressed but within seconds they were totally naked again.

They went out into the yard and saw Phil and Andy stood holding the reins of their horses. The old man came back and directed everyone into positions where he could get a full frontal view of all of the girls.

After several shots the old man said,

“How about one of one of the girls getting on a horse? Your horse will do Andy.”

Mandy and Dennis just happened to be nearest Andy so Andy tapped Mandy on her shoulder and said,

“Come on, like we did before.”

“But this horse is bigger.”

“That’s okay, you get up just the same way, and you’ll be safe, we’re not going anywhere.” Andy replied and bent his leg for her to stand on.

By that time everyone else had moved out of the way just leaving Mandy, Andy and the old man who was clicking away all the time. He’d moved to the rear of the horse and when Mandy went up and tried to swing her leg over she was finding it difficult because of the extra height. She was stuck with one leg on Andy’s thigh and the other  at 90 degrees, half over the back of the horse.

Dennis was watching her every move, and those of the old man, and he was taking lots of photographs of her pussy. Dennis smiled.

“Can you push me up please?” Mandy asked.

Andy reached up with his hands and pushed her under her bare butt and up she went. As she settled on the saddle the old man went round the front and told her to smile.

He took more photos before thanking her and telling Andy to help her down.

He did, but because of the extra height of the horse, when Mandy leant forwards her tits landed on the top of Andy’s head and when he lowered her everyone watched her tits slide down his face.

The old man having captured it on his memory stick. 

“Okay girls,” Dennis said, “go and get dressed girls and I’ll meet you at the minibus.”

Dennis and the old man walked to the office for Dennis to settle-up and give the old man his private email address to send a copy of the photographs to, not sure that the old man would actually email them to him. When Dennis came out he had a smile on his face and when he got into the minibus he asked if anyone wanted to call in at the McDonalds that they’d driven passed on the way there.

Understandably, they all did and 15 minutes later they were all piling out of the minibus and walking into McDonalds with Dennis checking that no butt cheeks or pussies were on display.

It took ages to order 14 meals and even longer for them to all arrive at the tables that they had taken over.

Dennis went to the toilet and when he came back he saw that all the girls were sat on the plastic seats with their knees apart. He looked at the 3 slits that he could see from where he was and wondered how many of the other customers had realised what they could see.

When the food finally arrived some of the girls sat up straight, but the others lounged back and Dennis wondered if the McD staff had seen what he had seen earlier. He dismissed the thought, thinking that he’d worry about it if anyone said anything.

They didn’t and a happy bunch of kids later climbed back into the minibus.

******
