Bikini Bash
by jastes22 

Part 1 - The Challenge

Let me see!

I stepped out of the bathroom, blushing as Tracy looked me over. I cant believe you got me to buy this, I said. Normally modest in my swimwear, Tracy had somehow convinced me to buy a very sheer string bikini. The fact that one could look all the way down my side unobstructed except for string made me feel very naked and exposed. It felt like it could just fall right off.

It wasn't like me at all--I was normally very self-conscious about my body with its petite 5'4'' frame, a good set of perky tits but still slightly too big, and short brown hair, It was way more daring than I was used to, and in deciding to buy it, was kind of exciting. Now, standing in front of Tracy like a peasant presenting herself before the queen, I felt myself regretting my decision. I blushed as I imagined several pairs of eyes looking at my half-naked body.

Trust me, you look great, Tracy said.

Not wanting to be in front of her anymore, I stepped outside, blinking as my eyes adjusted from the cool darkness of inside to the sharp sunlight of the noonday sky. My bare toes rubbed against the sanded wood of the backyard patio. My nose was filled with the smell of chlorine and water. The pool itself wasn't huge--maybe 10 by 15 feet, but there was a short blue diving board that hung a few feet in the air that made it feel like a real pool and not just an oversized tub.

"Hey, Lindsay!" Mike shouted from the pool, waving his arms. Water splashed onto the hot concrete of the perimeter as he moved around.

I blushed, wrapping my arms around my bare stomach.

Tracy moved around me, grinning and waving to our friends. Unlike my black bikini, she wore a very sheer strapless bikini top that looked like it was about to fall off if she moved too much.

"I really wished you would have told me there were going to be boys here," I hissed. When Tracy had invited me to her party, she had made it sound like it would be an all-girl party. I guessed I misunderstood, because, upon arrival, I quickly discovered that the party included girls and a good number of guys.

Tracy grinned at me. "Why? You embarrassed by your outfit? I think you look great!"

I rolled my eyes. Ever since we were young Tracy had never been shy about her body. A particular event that came to mind was when, on a dare, she streaked buck-nude down the school hallway just moments before the final bell. Giggles and squeals ensued as she tried to navigate through the emptying school unnoticed. I still remember watching her jiggling butt shimmy its way down the hallway, Tracy not even trying to hide her privates.

That memory had stuck with me, even after all these years. Seeing my friend completely naked with the potential of being exposed at any time, and experiencing that, even if only vicariously, had been more exciting than I was willing to admit.

Tracy grinned at my reaction. "In fact, maybe we should see if we can show off more of you!"

I blushed. "W-what do you mean?"

Instead of answering me, Tracy turned to the others. "Everyone? Lindsay and I have agreed to a little challenge."

"Wait--"

She ignored me. "We're going to set up a slackline. Every time either me or Linds falls, we have to take a piece of our bikini off."


Part 2 - The First Fall

I flushed red as the others cheered. I turned to Tracy. "You can't be serious. I'm not doing that!"

In the corner of my eye, I could see a group of boys scurry off to grab a slackline. There seemed to be hardly any resistance from the group. The boys I could understand, but I was surprised there was no objection from the girls. I narrowed my eyes on Tracy. Did she plan this? Were the others in on this? Would she have proposed such a challenge to any of the girls, or had she singled me out on purpose?

She grinned at my objection. "You sure? Don't tell me the idea doesn't sound exciting to you."

I bit a retort back. Part of me, the conservative part of me, was mortified at the thought of being exposed to my friends. And then another part, the part that had been excited at the thought of wearing such a daring piece of swimwear and fascinated by my friend's own willingness to get naked, was intrigued. It would be kind of exciting, and the prospect of seeing Tracy naked again was something I didn't want to miss.

The slackline set, Tracy half-guided me, half-pulled me to the edge of the pool. There was something in her movement, the way she held my arm, that communicated to me that she actually didn't expect me to go through with it, that I could call it off if I really didn't feel comfortable.

But it seemed too late for that. Everyone else was invested, and I'd be disappointing them if I backed out. I tried to convince myself that was why I didnt back out.

The slackline was set up, stretching longways across the pool. Everyone got out, lining the perimeter.

As she was the one who instigated the challenge, Tracy started first. The line shook violently, and I felt a twisted knot pull in my stomach. The line was so long that any movement was multiplied by the slackline several times. This wasn't going to end well. Tracy looked like she was about to get her balance, and then suddenly fell in.
Everyone cheered as Tracy pulled herself out, sopping wet and dripping. I couldnt refuse the fact that I felt a little excited. In the back of my mind, I wondered if she had done it on purpose. Her cheeks looked a little red, not really from embarrassment, but more about the realization of what she was about to do and how there would be no going back. Her hesitation vanished after a moment. Lindsay? Do you want to take off my top?

W-what?

Seems only fair. This is your challenge.

I swallowed, suddenly more nervous than I had been up to that moment. I stepped forward, my fingers feeling odd as they reached up for my friends top. How did I move them? Did they always feel like this?

Her top had no straps, so instead I hooked a finger in the center. As my fingers brushed her chest, I felt Tracy catch her breath. I hesitated just for a moment, unsure if this was a good idea. But it was too late. My mind refused to let me bail. I gave the top a hard tug.

Everyone held their breath as Tracys top fell to the floor. Her flawless tits came into view, her nipples pink with large areolas. After a moment, long enough for us to take it in, she raised up her hands just slightly, the insides of her arm blocking the center of her nipples, but still leaving the entirety of her cleavage in view. Seeing her, I felt something stir in my crotch. I wasnt bi-curious, but seeing my confident friend naked from the waist up was a startling and exciting sight.

A strange urge arose in my chest, also originating from my crotch where the excitement was coming from. As hard as it would be given who she was, I wanted to embarrass Tracy as much as I could.

I swatted at Tracys arm. No covering, I said.

She whimpered. I reached over and pinched a nipple as a punishment. She squealed and jumped back, her face turning red. She stood there, frozen, as I stepped forward and squeezed her tit, reveling in the red flushing on her face.

What was I doing? This wasnt like me at all. Embarrassing others was Tracys thing, the girl who was so confident she could strut completely naked on a model floor and not break a sweat.

Still, her arms resisted being pushed down for a moment before letting me put them down by her sides, where her fingers clenched and unclenched multiple times, resisting the urge to cover up again. I realized that when Tracy had full control of her nudity, she was completely confident, but when someone else dictated the termslike meit was a whole different ball game.

Tracy could sense she was losing control. Your turn, Lindsay, she said.


Part 3: Losers - The girls lose the rest of their bikinis.

Seeing my daring friend be nervous of being stripped in front of everyone made me feel both a little better and yet more nervous at the same time. I stepped up to the slackline, feeling every eye on me. My body was tense, and I could feel part of the fabric of my bottoms clenched between my cheeks, but I was too nervous to reach back and pull it out.

I stepped onto the slackline tenderly with my left foot. It gave under my weight, swinging to the left. My body adjusted to catch felt myself, and I felt my legs spread underneath me as I threw my next foot forward.

I held my breath until I finally reached the other side, and then let out a huge sigh of relief. My chest was thumping so loudly I thought it was going to burst. Everyone clapped politely, but it was subdued. They were disappointed. Tracy, however, clapped loudly and grinned like Cheshire Cat, her tits in full view. Whatever reservations she had when I took off her top was gone.

She started her next try across the slackline. I held my breath, almost willing her to fall and lose the rest of her outfit. The idea of me having both pieces of my bikini while she being fully naked was intoxicating. Her breasts swung like pendulums as she swung her arms wildly in an attempt to keep her balance. Despite my mental efforts and her own initial struggle, she somehow made it all the way across, joining me on the other side. I stared at her heaving chest, glistening with water and sweat. Her black hair, dripping with water, clung to her skin.

Isnt this fun? She asked. She gave me a pat on the back.

I dont know how you do it, I said.

She grinned. Stop stalling, she said. She moved me to the slackline, and gave me a slight nudge, again touching on the back.

I moved across the slackline quickly, but something felt off. My top was coming undone! Tracy mustve untied it without me knowing! I squeaked and reached around to retie my top. The sudden movement was enough to throw me off-balance, and I fell into the water.

Having yet to go into the water, my body wasnt acclimated to the cold water. The coldness knocked me out for a moment, preventing me from moving. It felt odd for the water to be touching my bare tits. Then the realization that I was topless came over me. I yelped and spun around, looking for my top.

I heard a splash, and then pressure on my hips. I felt the strings of my bottoms come undone, and then my bottoms being pulled away entirely.

I groaned as Tracy emerged from the water victorious, holding the entirety of my bikini.

Despite the whole process of losing my clothes being drawn out, it was only seeing Tracy holding my bikini that shocked me into realizing that I was completely naked. I squeaked, lunging towards her.

Tracy laughed, dodging me easily and moving towards the edge. The fact that she was moving closer to the crowd of teenagers who watched made me hesitate, knowing more of me would be in view.

Unfortunately, it gave her enough time to crawl out. She dangled the two pieces in front of me like a prize-winning fish. Come and get them, Linds!

I only fell into the pool once! I shouted. Thats not fair!

Well, you lost your top before you fell in, so it seemed only fair for you to lose your bottoms next, Tracy said.

I groaned, frozen in the water. I was trapped. I could stay in the water and be partially covered, though it felt like anyone who got a good line of sight would be able to see everything. Or I could get out and engage in what would most likely be a long and drawn-out chase for my clothes.

However, I realized I didnt have much of a choice. Eventually, the others would get into the water and I would have nothing to cover myself with. But the idea of actually getting out in front of everyone was terrifying.

You knowI did jump into the pool, Tracy said. I think that means I need to lose my bottoms. Lindsay?

I grumbled, but I couldnt deny the prospect of stripping Tracys last piece wasnt exciting. I crawled out, shuddering at both the cold and the sensation of being naked in front of my friends. Water sloshed at my feet as I walked across the concrete. My hands instinctively moved to cover myself, but I was surrounded by everyone and there was no way to cover everything.

I locked eyes with Tracy as I put my hands down her bottoms. I dug my hands into her bikini bottoms, taking my frustration out on her pussy. She groaned as my fingers dug into her pussy, nearly buckling over. Her bottoms fell to the floor, and I stepped back, admiring my very naked friend.

Okay, I said. You got what you wanted. Me naked. Now give me back my clothes!

Tracy grinned. Not yet. Ive got one more challenge for you, she said.

I gritted my teeth. What?

She pointed to the diving board. Next person to fall off the slackline has to jump off the diving board. Naked.


Part 4 - Pool Chairs and Diving Boards

*Sorry about how long this took to get out here. Got busy with other things.*

I looked at the diving board. It was at a perfect height and angle that everyone would get a very intimate view of whoever jumped from the platform. You cant be serious.

What? You nervous? Tracy said, folding her arms in front of her chest. Again, part of me was awed with how confident she was, even in her own state of undress. I wished I could be like that. I realized that if I could beat her, the queen of confidence, if I make her go through more embarrassment than I had, I would win. It would prove that I could be confident in my own body.

Fine, I said. I hope youre ready to be even more humiliated.

The crowd that was watching the two completely naked teenagers argue let out a breath, and then held it in again as Tracy took her place by the slackline. Despite my bravado, I felt a slight moment of relief as all eyes turned to her back.

I found myself staring at her body. Her skin still glistened from the water, and her wet hair draped her neck. Her butt was perfectly sized for her figure, and her legs were long and smooth. She really did have reason to be confident in her body.

She made it across, stumbling for only a moment halfway, and then turned to face me from the other side, grinning. Your turn, Lindsay!

I groaned softly, but made my way to the slackline. My legs felt like Jell-o, and I could feel everyone's eyes on either my butt or my pussy. I wobbled on my first step, trying my best not to think about how completely naked I was in the middle of the pool.

When I made it halfway across the pool, I saw Tracy lean down. Hey, Lindsay! Dont lose your balance! She grabbed the slackline from her end and yanked it to the left. I yelped as the line came out from underneath me. The slackline slid in between my legs for the briefest of moments, and then I fell into the pool.

The group cheered. I had a sneaking suspicion that the partygoers wanted to see the quieter girl, the one who would be more embarrassed, to be the one who walked the plank.

As I started to swim to the side, my crotch started to burn. I had noticed it earlier, but it was really starting to intensify now. Despite everything that had happened to this point, it was only now, with the prospect of even more embarrassment, that I was really starting to feel it. To make matters worse, my nipples were rock-hard and I knew everyone could see, too.

I just wanted to cover myself. My face burned with embarrassment as I witnessed several boys exploring me up and down with their eyes with abandon. I moved to cover myself.

No covering, Tracy said. She swatted my hands down and grabbed my wrist, pulling them behind my back. I yelped and squirmed, but Tracy held firm. When you told me I couldnt cover up, you gave me a little pinch, so I think its only fair if I get a shot.

Wait, I

But I dont think I want a pinch, so Ill give it to someone else. Mike, maybe?

I froze, her words hitting me like a freight train. A boy? Touching me? And Mike? The boy I had a slight crush on?

But I think we should put you somewhere he has a better reach, Tracy said. How about one of these pool chairs? I think itll display her body out nicely.

I groaned. Display? Like at a museum? The crowd closed in on me, forcing me back while Tracy guided me, still holding my wrists.

The pool chair was one of those long chairs you could set flat and stretch all the way out for a tan. This one was still propped up slightly. Tracy pulled my arm behind the back of the chair while two other girls spread out my legs. I whimpered. The sensation of my spread pussy lips right in front of my friends made me want to disappear into the plastic of the pool chair. I was grateful for the water still dripping from my legs, as it covered the fact that I was getting very, very wet.

That looks good, Tracy said. I looked at her, my eyes instinctively looking her up and down. For some reason, it took me by surprise that Tracy was still completely naked. It didnt seem to matterall the attention was on me.

Tracy turned to Mike. Go ahead.

He looked me up and down, and his eyes locked with mine for a moment. I nodded, almost imperceptibly, before I could stop myself.

Thats all he needed. He stepped over me, placing his legs on either side of the chair. I could see the huge boner in his swim shorts, though that wasnt what was the most important thing was to me at the moment.

I needed to pee.

The thought occurred only as he reached down and pinched my right nipple with his fingers. Already erect and sensitive, I squealed and thrashed, but the girls had me held down snugly. My pussy stretched as I curled my legs in my attempt.

Now, now, Lindsay, Tracy said. You ought to take your punishment like a good girl. Mike, why dont you try a few more pinches?

I groaned as Mike continued to pinch my tits, alternating, all while I squealed and tugged at my restraints. My body felt so tight, unable to pull itself into a ball or protect itself in the slightest. My tits were sore and my face was burning, and the feeling of needing to pee was only growing stronger. I bit my lip, trying to hold it in.

Shes obviously not getting the point of this, Tracy said. Mike pulled back, looking at her. I groaned. Every muscle of my body ached. My stomach heaved and my forehead was covered in sweat. It felt like my pussy was dripping wet, but I couldnt tell if the others could see.

Why dont you give her a few pinches in her pussy? Shes got quite the set of nice lips there, she said.

I didnt have the energy to protest as Mike reached down and squeezed my pink, larger-than-normal pussy. I groaned as the dam burst. Warmth flowed to my crotch and spilled out as pee splashed onto the plastic slats of the chair and dripped onto the concrete. My legs spread out the way they were, there was nothing I could do to stop it. I had just peed in front of everyone! This was the worst thing I could think of happening. Wearing a sheer bikini was one thing, being naked was another, but peeing myself like a little girl in front of everyone was the ultimate humiliation. The fact that my crush was straddling me and getting a very intimate view of it all was just the icing on the cake.

The pressure on my limbs disappeared, shocking me into a moment of lucidity. W-what?

Tracy giggled. Dont forget your original punishment. You still need to jump off the diving board, remember?She was standing beside me, hands over her chest but below her tits, and legs spread. I shuddered at the thought of putting myself on display like that. It took me a second to remind myself that I had been on display like that.

I swallowed and pulled myself up off the chair. I gasped, pausing for a second. The pressure to pee was gone, but a new beast had quickly taken its place. I desperately needed to touch myself and release myself.

Nonot here. I couldnt bear the thought of any more humiliation.


She gave me a nice, hard slap on the butt, giggling at my reaction. Go on, Linds. Get on up there, she said.

I swallowed and moved over. I didnt trust myself to make large steps considering how weak my legs felt, both from just peeing myself and the quickly-growing need to cum. I held onto the sides of the stairs that led up to the diving board, my legs threatening to give at any moment.

I stepped onto the edge of the diving board, blushing at the thought of how much a better angle people had of me now. The pressure in my crotch was growing more and more intense, and I closed my eyes, trying to stay focused.

I yelped, suddenly realizing that a finger had slid inside my pussy. Oh, crap! I had just fingered myself in front of everyone! And yet, somehow, that just made it that more exciting.

Unfortunately, Tracy hadnt failed to notice. Go on, Lindsay. Why shouldnt you take care of your business in front of everyone? We dont care.


I blushed. I knew how horrifyingly embarrassing it would be to orgasm in front of everyone, but that suddenly didnt seem important. I just needed release.

Before my rational mind could stop me, I dug in a second finger inside of me, groaning and moaning in front of everyone, my tits swaying in rhythm with my pulses. I fell to my knees on the diving board, wincing as the climax grew.

It felt like a tsunami was smashing into me, and I lost my balance. Cum exploded from my pussy just as I hit the water.



