Cold nipped at Draco’s fingers and his nose, ignored for the rare moment to himself. The night, though mild, foretold cooling temperatures to come. He hated snow. He hated it and everything it stood for, the death of everything living without so much as a hint of warning. Just a quick breath, and all was exterminated for the eventual rebirth of spring. That wasn’t how he operated. So he hated it.

The lights leaking beneath the door from the office weren’t enough to bother him, nor were they enough to blot out the sight of the stars high above him, twinkling with promise and never-ending joy. He had never seen the stars look unhappy, even when all the world below was. It was as if they were blissfully oblivious to death, destruction, and all that went hand in hand with them. He took a long pull from the cigarette loosely clamped between index and middle fingers, shutting his eyes to allow them fully darkness from which to adjust to that surrounding him. The exhale was accompanied by the opening of his eyes; Draco watched the smoke billow upwards in small blue-grey clouds, swirling and dancing around the stars like some mating dance.

He felt the day’s stresses leaving him with the next inhale, held within his lungs until it burned. He let it out - stress, thoughts, and smoke alike - at once, finally taking a pull of comparatively fresh air. The cigarette hung in his hand limply, temporarily ignored, ash glowing a bright red in the darkness, until he pulled it back up for a third and final pull; he dropped it then, letting it smoulder on the concrete at his feet as he turned to head back inside, tension relieved from his shoulders.

“Oh, excuse me.”

Draco glanced down, grey eyes cold and calculating as they struggled to adjust to the woman immediately in front of him. His expression only barely softened upon recognition, one brow rising in silent question of why she was there, evidently interrupting his moment of privacy, far and few between as they were.

“Someone was looking for you - Nott?” She told him, brushing one long brown curl back over her shoulder, ignoring the gooseflesh cropping up through her thin shirt; her eyes darted away from him, staring out into the black distance. “I think he was rather urgent about it.”

“That’s it?” He replied dryly, tucking chilled fingers back into his pockets. She nodded, stepping aside to let Draco past, and he did so without another word or acknowledgement. Hermione lingered out in the courtyard briefly, wringing her hands thoughtfully before heading back inside, making sure to catch the door before it fell shut fully. She didn’t have a key to everything just yet.
---
Hermione had only been there a day or two at that point, doing her job silently and without complaint, regardless of the requests Draco may have had for her. He disallowed anyone else to make demands of her, despite Vincent and Gregory’s attempts - what was Draco’s was Draco’s, though the boundaries of precisely what was his were blurred until tested - and tended to ask nothing more of her than he would do himself. She was beginning to learn, however, that there wasn’t much he wouldn’t do.

She drifted behind the scenes as an assistant should, sliding in and out of meetings and offices, pulling notes and files for whatever the need, all without question. If someone asked for her boss, she would retrieve him without complaint, passing the message on verbally or in writing, as the need arose. It wasn’t a hard job, as far as things went. It certainly wasn’t her last job, but she had few issues with the general differences that presented themselves to her, plain as the nose on her face. Draco was in a certain line of work that asked dissimilar things of people to any other trade they may have previously encountered. There was no studying for the test, only blind intuition.
---
“Well, mate,” Ron dropped himself unceremoniously into the chair adjacent to Harry’s, propping his feet up on the low dining table in front of them both, cupping a steaming mug of tea in his lap. Green eyes glanced up, glinting behind round glasses with curiosity, disappearing only briefly behind his own mug. “How do you suppose that day went?”

“Fine, I suppose,” Harry mused, shrugging and setting his mug down, freeing one hand to rub at the bridge of his nose. It had been a boring day, nothing but the odd interrogation to break the monotony of paperwork, paperwork, and more paperwork. Not the worst thing that could have taken up their mutual time, but certainly not exciting. They’d gotten nowhere fast with the latest lead on the outrageous number of major drug runs in the city, ranging from cocaine to crystal meth, cut with some of the most potent chemicals either of them had seen yet. It was the most obvious operation around, something to distract them from the murders cropping up.

The murders weren’t yet their jurisdiction, though. Not until they could prove without a doubt who the perpetrators were and take over under that claim. It was probably the most frustrating time in their careers, so close yet so far from putting the cuffs on the city’s - the country’s, even - most dangerous people. With informants worldwide and international operations galore, all managed completely underground, there was no doubt in either Harry’s or Ron’s mind that the Riddle mafia was the number one priority if they wanted to guarantee national security.

Too bad no one else agreed with them.

Ron took a long pull at his mug, sighing contentedly at the warmth spreading through him; the night was crisp, moreso than the previous few nights. Despite the fact that they both dressed for the progressing cold, there was something far more satisfactory about a mug of hot tea than there was about a double-layer of socks and a thick sweater.

“S’ not your fault, you know,” Ron started, running his free hand through his hair, forcing messy red locks to stick out in all directions comfortably. “How could you have known the bloke would rather get locked away than give away his whereabouts of last Thursday?”

“He was innocent, Ron. He wasn’t even there. We know that,” Harry moaned, dropping his head into his hands. There was proof in a folder full of witness reports that one of the suspected runners of the mafia - a man so low on the totem pole, it had been easy to catch up to him - had left his day job earlier in the day with a headache and other symptoms of illness and security footage of him leaving long before the hack ever occurred. “There’s no way it could have been him, yet he took the fall anyway. Why?”

“Because, mate,” Ron replied, leaning over to clap one hand on Harry’s shoulder. “There’s just no honour among thieves. Higher ups can’t even take the responsibility for their own actions.”

The brunet scoffed then, choking out a half-laugh, half-sob. He couldn’t deny it in the slightest, save for the one family involved - the Malfoys. Lucius and Narcissa were known criminals, with Lucius heading up any operation that involved the mass media or the public in some way. As if putting the prettiest pair of lovebirds up front and centre would get Riddle off the hook for his actions. Too many times Harry had watched the news, balling his fists in the sheer anger that he couldn’t do anything about them, watched Narcissa flutter blonde lashes at her husband while he committed genocide, watched them share a tender peck before striding off like models back to their Town Car as if nothing had happened.

Now word was out Lucius was packing it in and calling it a day, and that his son was taking the reins, much to Narcissa’s dismay. It still gave them nothing, no idea of how to catch up to anyone of any stature, and no realm of possibilities to explore in terms of how to smoke them out.

They had one option on which to rest any hope, and even she was a shot in the dark. They were relying on the notion that she could get herself somewhere they wouldn’t otherwise let someone so new, someone so untrustworthy. She hadn’t proven herself, and God only knew how long it might take. With their track record, the three of them were more likely to get laid off than to get anywhere of value.

A sigh tore them both from their thoughts and their tea, the click of heels through the room dragging both sets of eyes after the woman they both knew and loved dearly. Hermione flicked a stray curl back over her shoulder, promptly rolling one out as she reached the counter. It was a momentary pause before she began pouring herself a cup of the still-hot tea, but one Ron took as opportunity to rise to his feet, sliding his arms around his girlfriend and pressing a kiss to her cheek.

“Evening, pet,” he grinned against her cheek, greeted only with a weary smile. He moved out of the backwards embrace, fingers massaging circles and lines around her shoulders and back through the thin beige blouse she’d worn that day; she relaxed into his hands, offering Harry a scene he could smile at. Though his own love life, particularly with one Ginny Weasley, hadn’t gone quite as well as expected, he could always appreciate Ron and Hermione’s perpetual closeness. Even through their bickering, they always did well, coming back stronger than ever.

“How’d everything go?”

“Wouldn’t you know it, he’s an absolute madman when it comes to giving orders. Not that I doubted it for a single moment,” Hermione replied matter-of-factly, gesticulating with one hand to prove her point. Harry and Ron exchanged a brief glance, wondering which of them would have to be the one to ask the question lingering silent between them.

In the end, they settled for speaking in unison - a throwback to the way Ron’s older twin brothers used to speak - “He who?”

“Draco,” she stated, finally sliding out of Ron’s grasp to settle herself into a chair with her teacup casually held between both hands. Hermione took a long sip of the bitter tea, sighing as she leaned back into the chair. The two men exchanged another glance while her gaze was averted, having an unspoken conversation.

“Draco Malfoy?” Ron finally asked, “Heir to the Malfoy name and illicit fortunes?”

“Of course. How many Dracos could there be in the world, let alone simply London?” She asked, raising her brow incredulously. “Honestly, don’t be ridiculous.”

“Hermione, it’s not us that’s ridiculous,” Ron started, sitting back down and turning to better face her. Harry cut in almost immediately, leaning in to glance between them both, as if it were a great secret.

“It’s the fact that we sent you in there with the intention and expectation of you getting a job lower down on the totem pole,” he started, voice quiet, as if the apartment might be bugged. In all likelihood, it may well have been, if Ron didn’t make a habit of double- and triple-checking every possible place. “How did you even manage to get yourself up to the top?”

“Easy,” she replied, smiling a bit deviously at them both, “He needed an assistant, and I was right there.”
---
“That covers that. Nott, you’ll be making sure the favour for our dear friend, the minister of finance is done; Lestrange, you’ll be with him, making sure Mr Black is content with his end of the bargain.” Both men nodded where they sat around the board room table, the latter shifting where he sat to cross his legs the other way. It still hadn’t quite hit Draco as to how much younger he was than the other higher-ups so much as it did right then; the others were obviously ugly, wrinkles marring foreheads, eyes, and necks. Draco was still considered beautiful by most, white-blond hair untainted by harsh grey, pale skin unfettered and smooth. He sneered around the room, expression largely hidden by the hand propping up his chin.

“Draco.” A soft voice greeted him, the same that had been directing the others turning to him. The blond glanced up, grey eyes meeting the dark orbs of his boss, trying to hold an element of interest not previously available. “Is your assistant useful?”

“Yes, she’s fine,” Draco drawled in reply, flapping his free hand dismissively. There was clearly an agenda behind the very question, some reason for asking. Even some reason for placing her under him, when she was obviously inexperienced with the way they did things, the way they organised, and the rules that were to be followed. She did well enough as far as he was concerned, but he would certainly have to whip her into shape.

“Knows her duties and the like?”

“Of course, sir. She’s no trouble,” He replied again, shrugging lightly as he stared blandly at his boss, trying to will him to realise the topic was a tedious conversation. The older man seemed to notice, smiling faintly.

“As your father’s son,” Riddle finally started, dropping the polite topic, “You’re my new right hand man.” The room erupted into a flurry of murmurs and hushed conversations, none of which seemed horribly impressed with the idea that Lucius was being so easily succeeded by someone who hadn’t been one of them for long.

“Oh, stuff it,” Draco finally snapped, glowering at them all - Nott, Lestrange, his aunt Bellatrix, settled neatly beside her husband, the senior Goyle and Crabbe, fathers to his own bodyguards. “It’s not like any of you are even remotely subtle.”

Riddle simply continued to smile his knowing smile, the one that didn’t reach his eyes, waiting until the room had fallen quiet again to continue his speech. “Regardless of complaint, a Malfoy is a Malfoy. Draco grew up with us; he knows the family as well as anyone. This is why I think he’s perfect to head up the operation against MI-6.”

The murmurs started up again, this time Draco staying silent, brow furrowed in confusion. The smile faded, the boss’ dark eyes narrowing threateningly. “As you all know, they’re trying to burrow their way through us, dismantling us one by one. Another one dead as of today, making three in the last week. They’re smoking out our informants, our minor players. Those who make us international.

“Draco, you’re going to find out their weakness. We’re going to play on that, and we’re going to take them in our own territory.”

“Yes, sir,” the blond finally replied, rising to his feet. The meeting was over; they were all too restless to properly sit still any longer. “I’ll have them wrapped around my little finger.”