A Nude Day Rite Of Passage
by AnonymousPerv

Fraternal twins discover what Nude Day means for them.

Nude Day isn't a specific holiday in the country of Philthshire. It is a rite of passage. A tradition every able-membered body of society participates in. That's because it lands on one's 21st birthday. While there is no law that says one MUST participate in it, it's more sacred than that. Like a Bar Mitzvah for one of the Jewish faith, except it's not religious in nature. It's rooted in the culture, having started as far back as Queen Clitoria's reign. That was like... a million years ago, back when it should have died as quickly as it began. Personally, I think the whole thing is stupid. Fucking stupid. Why should we have to subject ourselves to this humiliation? It's not just the fact that one can't go with clothes, one also is to host a breakfast and then a mid-afternoon party with friends and close family. The tradition is capped off with dinner and drinks into the wee hours of the morning. It all sounds fun until you remember you have to do it naked. Everyone else is dressed like normal except the Nude Day celebrant. Well, I suppose twins might share some shame on their days and that's how this relates to me specifically.

Bernie, my twin brother, came barging into my room. We were both dreading Nude Day which was quickly approaching. Our parents were overjoyed. After all, Nude Day is like the official end to one's personal "coming of age" story. "Beebs, I can't do this. I'm going to pass out just thinking about it! Grandma's gonna be there and so will cousins Vic and Pam!"

"You think I'm any better off than you? I've been throwing up before going to bed every night, I'm so anxious. I can't get my mind off it."

Bernie plopped face first on the bed next to me and started moaning. "Mom fucking invited Alicia Tellus to the picnic we're doing at the park." It isn't really a picnic. Yes, there's stuff like burgers, hotdogs and snacks, but most of the tradition lies in playing stupid games like cornhole, wheelbarrow and horseshoes. Silly stuff to do while you build an appetite for the big event at the end of the day. "Alicia's been my crush since like middle school and now she's going to see me naked!" moaned Bernie.

"Why would Mom invite Alicia?" I asked, sitting up. Alicia and her older brother grew up in the same neighborhood as us. Mark wasn't that much older, just a year ahead of his sister and us. If Bernie's affections toward Alicia could accurately be described as a 'crush' then my affection for Mark would probably be labeled 'this bitch is crazy'. I have been head over heels for that man for years. It's not just that he's handsome, tall and athletic. It's all the other shit, like how he helps his grandmother out of the car, or the volunteer work he does at the animal shelter. All this, and he's finishing up his law degree. He's like the embodiment of every woman's dream man. Of course, I never entertained the idea that I had a chance with him. Mark Tellus is way out of my league.

"You know Mom," sighed Bernie, turning over, staring at the ceiling. "I think she just wants to torture me."

"Why? Because she knows how much you crush on Alicia?"

"Yes. Mom thinks it's so cute I like Alicia so much. Mom probably thinks she's helping me out, forcing her to hang around me on Nude Day."

It's kind of considered rude to reject an invitation to someone's Nude Day celebration. I wondered if Alicia replied back. "Wow, that's really cold of Mom," I said. "I'm sorry, Berns."

Bernie and I got along well for siblings. We had to, in order to put up with our parents' madness. Mom and Dad annoy us endlessly, and we don't know if it's to intentionally push our buttons, or if they're just clueless as to how toxic they can be. There's lots of examples to cite, but it starts with them having no boundaries. Always being up our shit. Bernie and I hope to leave the house and share an apartment in the city, sooner than later.

Bernie covered his face with his hands. "Oh my god, Beebs. Fucking Alicia. I have to be naked in front of Alicia Tellus!"

I patted my brother on his chest while he laid there. "What is it you've told me when I've freaked out thinking about this?"

"It's just one day..." Bernie sighed. "One day." Citing the mantra he's used on me countless times.

"And people won't even think about it, or remember it, twenty years later. Right?"

"Yeah, right... exactly." Bernie was sounding unconvinced.

"Two days, Beebs. It's in two days. I'm about to have a panic attack."

"You've never expressed this much fear or dread before. You were always keeping my shit together. Don't tell me you're losing it on me."

Bernie dropped his hands and looked at me. "Yeah, I was bullshitting both you and me, I guess. I tried, but I am.... I dunno... this sucks"

"It does."

Bernie pushed himself up, propping on his elbows. He was quiet for a moment but then he asked, "Beebs, could you, uh... do me a favor?"

I picked my hairbrush off the side table and started weaving it through my hair. "What? Tell Alicia not to come?"

"Yeah, I wish. Mom would kill you. No, I... well... I mean, I haven't ever been naked in front of someone. Not anyone. Not even in the gym locker rooms. I always used the private stalls."

"You dated Paula for two years, Bernie!"

"Yeah, and she wouldn't let me go past first base, Beebee. Refused to even rub my boner through my pants."

"Oh," I said, surprised. I had no idea my brother was still a virgin. Not that I'm that experienced. I'm no virgin, but I can count the number of men I've been with on my forefinger. Bernie and I look good, but neither of us have had many date nights. Well, except for Bernie's weird relationship with his ex, but he didn't get anything out of that apparently. "What favor do you want?"

Bernie was practically trembling. "Just... oh, this is so embarrassing..."

"What?"

"I just wanted your opinion."

"On what?"

"Me."

"Uh, okay. About?"

"About what we've been talking about, Beebs!" Bernie perched himself up and then leaned far over the edge of the bed. "Just... tell me if I look okay."

I stopped playing with my hair and put the brush down. "You mean... like, naked?"

There was a pause and a soft answer, "Yes."

I touched Bernie on the shoulder pulling him to me, giving him a quick hug. "Hey, relax, Berns. You're going to be fine."

"Yeah, you're just saying that. I know you're as messed up as me over this."

"Maybe. But we'll get through this, okay? Everyone does."

"Is everyone as nervous as we are?"

I thought about it a moment. "If I had to guess, probably most people. I guess there are some with no qualms about it. But Bernie, there are also some people that are against it so much, they won't even do it. They refuse."

"Yeah, and they risk being outcast from their families. You and I both know that's not an option for us."

"Fine, Berns. Go ahead. I'll give my opinion."

"What if it's not good?"

"Do you want me to lie?"

Bernie didn't say anything. He just sat there for a minute. I was about to let it go and finish primping my hair when he started pulling off his shirt.

**

Nude Day is unique to Philthshire. No other country has anything like it. Sure, there are some cultures that go naked or very close to naked, but not many that save such acts for only one day in a lifetime. It is interesting to note that overweight and obesity rates are the lowest on the globe with the "under 25" demographic in Philthshire. It is believed that Nude Day might be responsible. After all, most people prepare for it. Think of it like practicing for a sport, or music recital or a test. In this case, the custom is that most people spend six months prior to Nude Day exercising, tanning, and eating right. Of course, my brother and I were no different. We didn't even have a choice. Mom and Dad started us on a healthier diet over a year ago.

**

Bernie's always been a bit pudgy. Sometimes more than a bit, depending on the season. But these days, Bernie's at his lightest. He may have, at most, fifteen or so pounds of excess weight on him, but he's always had lots of muscle from his football days. Fitter than a Dad Bod, but not cut like a Hollywood action star. Regardless, I was shocked when he dropped the pants and underwear to face me. I quickly turned away. "Okay, bro. Nothing wrong with that, nope! You're just fine."

"Do you mean it, Beebs? You hardly even looked."

I was nodding fast. "Oh, yeah. You're fine, bro. Just fine."

"Come on. You're being unfair. I'm not too fat?"

I quickly changed the direction of my head from a nod to a shake. "Nope, nope. Not fat. Lookin' good, Berns. Fitter than I ever remember seeing you. I mean it."

"But... come on... you know why I'm nervous. What about the rest of me?"

I switched the direction of my head movement yet again, back to nodding. Furiously. "All good, I promise." I even did a thumbs up with my hand, but that was more for to me, to help block my vision and ensure I couldn't see more of Bernie. The fact was, I can't look at it. Ethically, that is. If I gazed on his package even a second longer, I might get too morbidly curious about it. I didn't want to freak Bernie out, but if I had to guess, it's about average in length. You know, it hangs down a few inches or so like most penises. I'm well aware they grow, and not everyone hangs as long as when they are erect. But it was the sheer girth of it. Getting intimate with Bernie is going to an intimidating, if not frightening act, for whomever is first to go. I've never seen such a fat cock in my life and I've watched enough porn to have seen a wide variety.

"C'mon, Beebs! You're not even looking."

I snapped my head back to Bernie and stared him in the eyes. Only in the eyes. I dared not drop them. Calmly, I said. "Bernie, I promise. You're fine." And in a desperate attempt to get Bernie's clothes back on him, I screamed, "My turn!"

Bernie's eyes went wide. "What? You want to do this, too?"

"Yeah, I want your opinion," I lied, turning away again. I just wanted him to get dressed so I wouldn't embarrass myself staring at his fat, fucking cock. I reached down for my socks. "Put your clothes on, please. It's too weird with the both of us naked and alone in here."

"Oh, yeah. Okay. Right." Bernie fidgeted about and started getting dressed.

But now I had to follow through on showing off my naked body. I didn't want to, but better than being subjected to embarrassing myself in a worse way. I don't know why, but the instant I saw Bernie's penis, I wanted to squeeze it. Feel it in my hands. The desire was impulsive. It's just so thick. I think it might defy known laws of biology. I felt sorry for Bernie. Who was going to fit that fat thing in their pussy? To be honest, if anyone ever succeeds, I'd kind of like to watch. Like a Ripley's Believe It Or Not experience.

"Um... I know you're going to see everything in just a second, but could you turn around?" I asked Bernie. Goose bumps raced up my skin. I don't think we've seen each other naked since the day of our births. Likely due to our conservative upbringing.

As insanely enthusiastic as our parents are about Nude Day, it is paradoxical to their true nature. Philthshire is a very progressive country. Mom and Dad are anything but. They are always checking up on Bernie and me, making sure we don't get into trouble, that the people we hang out with are "nice" and that we don't party like the average Philthshirian. We even go to church. Who goes to church these days? We do, that's who.

But Mom and Dad are conservative. Into traditions. Somehow Nude Day gets a pass, but god forbid we go on a second date with someone without getting a two-hour lecture. Now I know why Mom allowed Bernie to date Paula for so long. Paula didn't put out.

I finished undressing and closed my eyes breathing in, exhaling slowly. Finally, I opened them and turned around. "Okay, Berns. You can look. Tell me what you think." My nerves had me shaking, but there was a bit of me that was truly curious what he thought. As much as I hate the healthy eating and daily workouts, I've been pretty satisfied with the results. I lost the belly fat without losing the tits and my ass firmed up a bit.

Bernie started turning to face me, saying, "I'm sure you look grea-" He stopped dead in his tracks. Like his brain melted or shut off for a second. Then he jumped around, his back to me again. "Yeah, definitely fine, sis!"

"Wait. What?" I screamed. "You didn't even look at me for one second! How could you even make a judgment?"

Bernie stuttered, "I, uh.. um... y.. ya.. you... I... I mean, you're good. Great! I mean it, sis. Nothing wrong at all. Much better than me!"

"I didn't see anything wrong with you!" I yelled. "How could I be better than that?"

Bernie scoffed. I noticed his shadow bounced off the wall he was facing. "Yeah? And you think you looked at me any longer than I looked at you?" he asked.

He had me there. But fuck, I'm a girl! What guy doesn't like a nude girl standing in front of them? Then again, he is my brother, so I realize it's awkward on the surface alone. But still. Tits? Ass? Live and in the flesh? Any other guy would be ogling, right? "Bernie. What is it? Am I gross or something?"

Bernie was shaking his head fast, eyes clinched tightly closed. "You look great, Beebs, I swear! I really mean it! I'm gonna let you get dressed now, okay?"

"No, it's not okay!" I pouted, as I snatched up my shirt and shorts. I was pretty fucking pissed. Bernie wasn't telling me something and now my confidence was shattered. What the fuck did he not like about what he saw?

Bernie spoke while still facing the wall. "Hey, I'm gonna go to Heath's and probably spend the night. I guess we should meet up on Nude Day first thing, okay?"

"It starts right here, right?" I waved to the bed, as that's where we sleep and theoretically, we start the day naked. Bernie didn't see me motioning, still too grossed out to look at me. "Okay. I'm dressed now," I said.

Bernie sighed, relieved, and started his exit to the door. "Yeah, uh, so if I don't see you tomorrow, I'll meet you here first thing Saturday. Nude Day. We're supposed to have breakfast prepared by 9 a.m."

"Why is it the birthday people have to cook the breakfast?"

Bernie rolled his eyes. "I don't know, but I dread the thought of cooking bacon."

I laughed and Bernie left, leaving me wondering why he was so uncomfortable looking at me when I was undressed. His voice sounded like it was filled with angst... or disappointment. Something wasn't right. I didn't get to ask him or pursue it further. Not before Nude Day, anyway. Bernie stayed at Heath's up until I went to bed on Friday night. I was kind of vaguely thinking he might be chickening out. The way I had reacted to seeing him naked was no better than the way he treated me. I hated myself for acting like that, but I couldn't help myself. Fuck, Bernie's cock was thick. The thing is, I saw it for such a brief flash of a moment, I couldn't remember whether I thought of it as attractive or more like a curioso, like The Elephant Man. I knew I would be drawn to looking at it and I dreaded the idea of trying to resist the temptation all day.

**

And here we are. Nude Day. Dread Day. I Hate Myself Day. Can Everyone Just Fuck Off and Die Day?

I was looking at myself in the mirror, freshly showered, hair dried. I wasn't wearing a stitch. 'What was it Bernie saw that he hated so much?' I kept asking myself. It was almost eight o'clock and I was still worried about Bernie when I heard him come in, closing the door to the bathroom. He was out of the shower at 8:05 and soon I heard a tap on my door. Bernie's voice through the door, "Hey, um.... I guess we better get started. Gran is coming with the cousins and I think Mom invited the Masons from next door."

I responded, a quiver in voice while I still tried to project through the door. "Um.. we're doing scrambled eggs and toast, right? Keeping it simple?"

"Don't forget the bacon," I heard him say. "You okay in there?"

"Yeah, uh... almost ready." I walked to the door and paused, trying to calm myself. Finally, I swung it open and stared my brother directly in the eyes. We both froze, not blinking, not moving our eyes one millimeter. "So, uh...." I stammered. "I guess we should get started!" I pushed past Bernie and marched fast to the kitchen. He could see my ass. Hopefully that didn't repulse him. I could hear him right behind me. "Mom and Dad wake you up this morning?"

"No, I haven't even heard them get up yet."

"Ah, okay," Bernie said.

I started pulling out ingredients from the refrigerator and cabinets, keeping my face angled away from Bernie at all times. I noticed he kind of did the same as he pulled out silverware and plates. "Where is everyone going to sit?"

"You should probably pull out the table leaf. Maybe the card table too?"

"Hmm. With the leaf, the table fits eight. Ten if we squeeze in. How many are we having again?" Bernie started counting and briefly, like just for a second, my head whizzed past him and I couldn't help but see it. A fat hunk of flesh there. So thick. But it passed in a blur because I absolutely refused to pause on it. I don't want to risk being rude or embarrassing myself. "The four in our family. The Masons next door is another four. Gran and the cousins."

"Not Alicia?"

"I think Mom just invited her and Mark to the picnic."

"Mark?" I asked, panicked.

"Yeah, didn't I tell you? Mom asked them both."

Holy Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!! Alarms went off in my head. Mark Tellus was going to see me naked? After Bernie's reaction to seeing me naked, I was mortified with the thought of it. The last thing I wanted to do was repulse Mark in some way. I whipped around, grabbing Bernie by the shoulders, twisting him around. "You have to tell me what's wrong with me, Bernie. Now! If Mark's going to-"

Bernie pushed back, staring me up and down and then quickly turning his head again. "What? I told you, you're fine, Beebs! Relax!"

"I want to know what's wrong with me! Mark Tellus? He's like been my crush forever. You think you got a crush on Alicia? Well, bro. Maybe I've kept this secret too long, but you ain't got shit on me! And if Mark has the same reaction as you..."

Bernie was waving his hands, shaking his head. And that's when I realized. This whole time while I had been confessing my love for Mark, I had also been grossly absorbed looking at Bernie's cock. Bernie's head was turned away from me (not to mention he was keeping his eyes shut tightly), and his body was at a slight angle, but I could still see that thick, meaty spectacle. I wanted to touch it. Squeeze it, to see how it feels in my hand. But I was also mortified about the thought of embarrassing myself in front of Mark Tellus and I kept pressing Bernie to tell me what was wrong. What didn't he like about my naked body?

Finally, Bernie tried to calm me down, "Beebee. I promise. You are a very attractive woman. The reason... the uh, reason I have difficulty looking at you..." Bernie was starting to shake, his eyes shifted to the floor.

"Come on, Berns. You can tell me. I promise I can take it. I just need to know."

Bernie cursed himself under his breath, tears almost in his eyes. "Uh, Beebs... it's your nipples."

"My nipples?"

"Yeah. Well, I guess your breasts. They're nice and full and all. But uh... yeah... your nipples."

"What's wrong with my nipples?"

"Nothing!!" Bernie almost screamed. He dropped his voice low. "Nothing, I mean. It's just... uh... it's me."

"You?"

"Uh, yeah..."

"What do my nipples have to do with you?"

"Goddamnit, Beebs. Are you going to make me spell it out?"

"Umm, yeah. I think so because I don't get it." I couldn't help but look at Bernie's package while I argued with my brother. Goddamn, it's so impressively thick. Thicker than my wrist, I think. I kept trying to pull my eyes away while Bernie tried to explain what's wrong with my nipples.

"Fine. I have this... fetish. I guess that's what you would call it. I'm not proud of it."

"Fetish?"

"I can't fucking help it, Beebs! I don't control my fucking brain on this, okay? It controls me."

"What's so special about my nipples?"

"Well, they're really dark." That's true, they are dark. They're also kind of big. Dean, the one dude I hooked up with, said he liked them. I stopped worrying about their unusual appearance after that.

"Nipples come in all types, Berns. Why would dark ones be any more sexual than pink ones?"

"They aren't! But they are to me. Fuck if I know why!! But I see them and I instantly get impure thoughts, okay? Like, I dunno..."

"Like what?"

"Like I want to touch them. Flick them. Lick them. Because it's like... I guess they kind of look like nursing nipples."

"Gee, thanks a lot!" I shouted.

"Oh, please don't be offended. It's that... your nipples protrude a lot and they are very dark. And I have this stupid fetish and if I look at you too much, I am going to have a very big fucking problem!" I could see what he meant. Literally. Bernie's thick cock was growing. Thankfully, it didn't get thicker. In fact, it may even have appeared slightly thinner as it grew a few inches in size. It wasn't quite fully erect. I was really struggling to look away. Oh, let's be real. I wasn't looking away at all. There was a pause before Bernie finally asked, "What about me, sis? What is it that made you refuse to look at me?"

I made eye contact now. "I think you know," I said. "That," I motioned. "It's so fucking thick, Bernie. I've never seen anything like it. It was morbid curiosity at first, but you have to know that is a very impressive penis. You HAVE to know that, right?" It was still rising. "I felt weird looking at your junk that way, okay? Like, it's such a rare specimen type of thing, that I'm going to be drawn to it. Brother, or no brother. Now, do you understand?"

Bernie started laughing, nodding. "Okay, okay. Let's just do breakfast and get through this. We'll make a pact to not look at each other."

"You got it."

Ten minutes later, with the skillet heated up just as we were about to start, Mom barged into the kitchen. "Just look at you two!" She clapped excitedly. "Biggest day of your lives!"

"Uh, there's college graduation?" Bernie said sarcastically.

"Weddings?" I asked, rhetorically.

Mom was shaking her head. "Nuh uh. This is more important." Then Mom saw it. The same thing that stunned me the first time I saw it. It caught her breath for a moment before she took a step back and finally looked up to Bernie's face. She was smiling. "Tsk, tsk. You remind me so much of your father."

"Mom!" I screamed.

"What, honey? And just look at you. Oh boy, do I remember when my breasts looked that good. I should show you what you're in for later in life!"

"No thanks!" I held my hands up. "Seeing one family member naked is enough for me today, thank you." Bernie laughed behind me.

"Oh, people are arriving!" Mom shouted after hearing car doors close outside. "I'll go greet them. And I'll get Dad up, too. We'll meet you in the dining room. You guys get to do all the work now, but don't worry. The rest of the day, you are getting spoiled. That's why this day's so special!" Mom pranced off, happy to bask in our embarrassment.

**

I probably should have practiced more on my cooking skills before today. We started with two packages of bacon and then the eggs. Most of the bacon was sadly limp and the eggs were overcooked. Bernie and I somehow managed to get through it all without being too challenged while sharing the space. We were too busy with the food to worry about our state of undress. I wondered if perhaps that's why the day's tradition starts with this. Keeps one occupied, while getting accustomed to the nudity over time.

"It's delicious!" Miss Julia lied about two minutes into the meal. She's Mr. Mason's wife and I don't even know his first name. He was seated to the left of her at the end of the big table. Their two kids, Bonnie and Wendy, sat with our cousins Vic and Pam at the smaller table. Berns sat to the right of Miss Julia, while Gran, Mom, Dad and I sat on the opposite side. I couldn't help but notice how often Miss Julia checked out my brother's package while sitting next to him. I don't blame her. It's like you have to look at it to keep reaffirming that it's real.

On the other hand, Mr. Mason kept eyeballing me. He complimented my butt three times before I sat down to eat. "How often do you work out?" "How many squats can you do?" On and on with bullshit questions. Gran eventually shut him up by complimenting my tits instead. "Those are just lovely." "You're going to drive men wild with that perfect pair." On and on with things like that. That's when I noticed Bernie was struggling.

We were about halfway done with the meal. Bernie was beet red and fidgeting, looking to the table, then the wall, then the ceiling. Then repeating the whole routine. Miss Mason kept checking out his junk and she wasn't even trying to make it look inconspicuous, but with Gran focusing all the attention to my breasts, no one noticed Bernie's discomfort but me. As I tried to respond to one of Gran's quips about my gravity-defying tits, Bernie jerked his chair back, causing it to screech against the floor.

"Uh, I gotta go to the bathroom," he yelled as he bolted out of the room at lightning speed. It was only when he turned the corner that I saw why he did. His boner was bouncing erratically as he ran.

Twenty minutes later, we were seeing the Masons and the others off, having finished out breakfast. Bernie had yet to come out of the bathroom, but he claimed it was an emergency. "I'll see them at the picnic!" he shouted. The cousins promised to be there and the Masons congratulated me on my big day.

"Tell your big brother if we don't see you at the picnic, we'll swing by Ernesto's tonight," said Miss Julia. Ernesto's is the fancy restaurant where we're finishing off the party.

"Okay, Miss Julia. Thanks for coming to our breakfast."

"Ah, yes," said Mr. Mason. "I cannot wait to see you again!"

I turned around and rolled my eyes with my back to him. "I'm going to check on Bernie. It was great seeing all of you!" I waved as I made my way down the hall. I could hear Mr. Mason mentioning something about my butt again, but I didn't catch all of it.

**

Bernie and I were in my bedroom about an hour later. I was sitting on one side of the bed and he the other, facing away from each other. We were both still starkers. "Oh my god, Beebs. She wouldn't stop fucking staring!" I kind of understood the woman's predicament, but I didn't say anything. "And Beebs... I, uh... I had a hard-on."

"I know," I whispered.

"What? You knew?!?"

"Well, I happened to catch a glimpse of it when you left the table."

"Oh. Well, Miss Mason wouldn't stop looking at it! And you!"

"Me?"

Bernie stammered. "I mean... you know... the reason I had my boner!" Bernie's discomfort happened when Gran had focused all the attention to my tits. Now it hit me. "Beebs, if I go to that picnic and this occurs again, I'm going to be a fucking joke. You know my friends are going to post pictures all over their social if that happens!"

"Come on, Berns. It's not that big a deal."

"You know that's bullshit."

He wasn't wrong. We might be officially adults, but we're still young enough to tease each other like relentless teenagers. Bernie's friends would be vicious if he got an erection while doing Nude Day with his sister. I tried to come up with a solution. "Hey, uh, maybe..." I struggled broaching the subject. Keep in mind, years of a conservative upbringing. "Um... do you think maybe it would help if you got off before going to the picnic?"

There was a pause, but Bernie responded, "Yeah. Maybe." He didn't sound confident.

"It certainly can't hurt, right? I mean, you remember my ex, right? Whenever he orgasmed, it took hours for him to get hard again." I felt filthy saying such candid things to my brother. It also got me wet.

Bernie was quiet for a moment. "Like I said, maybe. I dunno, Beebs. It might work. You're right. Can't hurt to try."

"And we can still try to avoid each other while at the picnic."

"Right," said Bernie. The timbre in his voice did not match the verbal affirmation. I felt like I needed to reassure him more.

"Hey, if it helps..."

"Yeah?"

"I know it's not as obvious with girls, but I'm in the same boat. Being the only one naked around others... I think it arouses me, Berns. It's gross, but I get... excited."

"Really?"

I nodded, not knowing whether he could see me doing it. I still faced away from him. I continued telling my truth. "And uh, Bernie... you, too."

"Me, what?"

"I, uh, wasn't going to say this, but when I saw Miss Julia checking you out. Like over and over. She was so drawn to you. I guess I found it kind of hot. Seeing her get all lusty-eyed over you."

"Really?"

I giggled. It was more from nerves than humor. "Yeah, really. Not sure I ever expected to get horny, but I understand, bro."

"You're lucky you don't have a penis. I'm announcing it to the world."

"We have an hour before we leave for the park. Let's do it. Maybe it will help."

"Alright," shrugged Bernie. I felt his weight lift off the bed.

"No, wait!" I shouted, turning. He turned too and once again I got to see everything. Fucking hell, I never knew something that could best be described as "fascinating" could also get you horny. I badly wanted to touch it. I slowly stepped forward, practically whispering. "Let me. Let me stroke it."

"What?"

"Why not?" I protested. "You say it's my body that triggers your erection. Maybe getting satisfied from me might help you control it later."

"You think?"

I had no idea. I was just saying anything to convince him. I moved my hand forward, inches away from it. "I don't know. Maybe. Isn't it worth trying? It's just a handjob, Berns."

"I've never had one before."

I pushed him back to the bed. His cock was already stiff now, rising to the ceiling, the anticipation running too high. I grabbed it firmly with my right hand, aghast I couldn't wrap my fingers all the way around it. I was, as I expected to be, completely fascinated by it. I was horny, too. So very horny. But also fascinated. It was of average length if I had to guess. Maybe a touch more than average. The thickness of his cock might optically disguise its accurate length. The point is it was fascinating. I can't use that word enough to accurately describe it. It's, no doubt, why Miss Julia couldn't take her eyes off it. I had no idea I would like such a thing. I never considered myself a size queen. Never thought about it very much, in fact, but I loved the way Bernie's fat cock felt in my hand. I slowly began moving it up and down. I was getting drenched.

Bernie moaned, closing his eyes. "Oh, that feels so good, Beebs," he said.

I squeezed just a bit more and lengthened the stroke. "I love your cock," I whispered. I felt it pulsate in my hand. I drew my other hand up to help with the task. As I stroked, staring at it, I started getting fantasies of licking it. Sucking it. I kept these thoughts secret. I couldn't possibly share them. I picked up the pace and Bernie groaned even louder. "Let me help you cum. Then I go," I said.

Faster and faster, I beat him off, feeling him climbing in my hand. Getting ever stiffer and hotter. I had little experience, yet I could tell he was close. "Bernie, do you want to cum on my tits?"

"Yes!" he screamed, snapping his head up to look at me. There was a hunger in his eyes. "Can I? Please?" I nodded fast, encouraging him. I wanted him to. "Thank you, Beebs. This is amazing." And not a second later, Bernie hopped out of the bed with such enthusiasm, his cock slapped me in the cheek on the way up. I got instantly more aroused, but I pulled back just as Bernie took over, stroking himself hard and fast. I lifted my tits and the moment I had them in position he exploded. First in the center and then he aimed directly on them. I was soaked completely from left to right when it was over.

"Oh, my," I said, dabbing some with my forefinger for a taste. I reached out with my other hand to finish stroking off his sloppy cock off. I wanted to be sure he got everything out. "Let's hope that helps," I smiled, winking. "My turn."

**

The picnic was supposed to last from noon to three at Liston Park. Dinner would be at 6:30 at Ernesto's, giving us time to freshen up in between. If I was lucky, maybe Bernie would let me stroke him off again. It was almost one before most of the guests arrived. A few others from church showed up who I wasn't expecting. I wish Mom hadn't invited so many extras. The cousins, Pam and Vic, were playing cornhole and I went to join them. "Uh, thanks for coming out, guys. Guess I'll be seeing you at your day, huh? Next year or two?"

Vic turned away, mumbling something to himself. Pam spoke up, "Beebee, did you know about Bernie?"

"What about him?"

"Uh, that his dick is as thick as my arm? Vic's been pissy about it ever since breakfast."

I looked over to Vic. "Don't fret it, man. Girls don't fawn over shit like that. It doesn't matter. anyway. Right, Pam?" She didn't respond. "Yeah, I promise, Vic. And believe me when I say, Bernie did not want to do this today."

"Why not?" asked Pam.

"I dunno. Do you? I know I didn't want to."

"Haven't thought about it much. I haven't even turned 20 yet."

"Where is Bernie, anyway?" I asked. I knew he would be actively avoiding me up close.

"Over at the tables with your Mom and that guy," pointed Vic.

At a row of picnic tables, I could see Mom, Bernie and a tall guy with dark hair. I squinted. It was Mark Tellus! Instantly, my heart dropped to my feet. I was not prepared to be naked in front of my all-time crush. Then I saw Alicia, too. She had been standing behind Mark from my angle. She was laughing and patted Bernie on the arm during a short conversational exchange. I noticed she kept dropping her head while talking, no doubt doing double and triple takes on Bernie's cock. I hoped he was keeping it together. He'd be terribly embarrassed to pop a boner in front of Alicia.

Quickly, I checked myself over. There was some dirt on my elbow, but otherwise I was clean. I hadn't started sweating yet. Fortunately, it wasn't too hot out today. "Isn't that Matt something?" asked Pam, seeing me squint. "You always had a thing for him, huh?"

I snapped. "MARK Tellus. And no, I didn't have a THING," I lied. I wished I had more than a 'thing' many times over. I wanted it to be real.

"Yeah, alright, Beebee," grinned Pam. "You make it kind of obvious." I rolled my eyes. "Too bad what Bernie's packing isn't on Mark, though. That'd be a fun ride."

"Now you're just being gross," I scoffed. God forbid Pam ever discover I jerked my brother off. We'd never live it down.

A few minutes later, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I knew who it was. I'd been waiting, but anxious. Not mentally prepared. Too nervous. I turned, facing my fate and praying that Mark liked what he saw. "Hi, Beebee. Congratulations on Nude Day!" He reached in to give me a hug and I reciprocated. Of course I did! I think it's maybe the third time we've hugged in our entire lives. The other two were back when we just toddlers, loving life and being kids. Way before I developed the crush.

"So how come you made it my Nude Day, but I missed yours?" It was the only question I'd prepared to ask him, hoping it would pass off as a touch flirtatious.

Mark smiled wide. "I have no idea why you didn't get an invitation, but I had a great time. I'd be willing to do it again if it's allowed. I'll invite you to the that one."

"Nuh, uh, uh!" shouted Mom, approaching from behind. "It my twins' day today and that's all we're focusing on. Beebs, why don't you give Mark a little shake?"

Like, what the fuck? I stared my mother down with laser eyes. "Not. Cool," I mouthed. For all her conservative upbringing, why did she drop the purity act when it came to Nude Day? Why was it so important to her? I smiled up to Mark and winced a bit, before shaking twice. I was never really good at it, but my boobs jiggled a bit. "This is hardly fair," I whispered.

"Wow, I had no idea you'd grown up so nice," said Mark. "I absolutely love the way you carry yourself."

Is this like the nice way of saying he loves my body? My tits and ass? The fun stuff? God, I would love for him to think about playing with my body. Every inch. I wish I had practiced that shake now. He seemed to have liked it and I could have done it better.

"Are you and Alicia coming to the dinner?" I asked.

Mark stepped in closer, talking softly. "We'd love to. In fact, Alicia wanted to know if maybe you wanted to bail with us after dinner."

"What do you mean?"

Mark chuckled and said, "Alicia knows how your Mom is. She'll want you celebrating all night, as is tradition, but we also you know your Mom will try to steal the thunder."

"You got that right."

"We think we can get your Mom to bend the tradition a bit and leave with us early."

"How? Tell Mom that you and Alicia have something planned for us after dinner?"

"That's right. We do have something planned. We could get you out of there by 10:30, I bet. What do ya say?"

"I'd love it! Have you asked Bernie?"

"Alicia's doing that."

I had no idea if Mark and Alicia's intention was to keep us up partying into the wee hours of the morning, as is tradition for Nude Day, but they were definitely freeing us from the grasp of Mom. That was the important thing. If they wanted to entertain us with a post-dinner double date of sorts, it would be a dream come true for both me and my brother. I caught up with Bernie later, as we were wrapping up the picnic. He kept his line of sight away from me as I approached. He didn't want to risk getting a woody. "Hey, did you talk to Alicia?" I asked.

"Yes!" Bernie shouted. "You heard about it then? Their idea? You in?"

"Fuck, you know the answer to that. Of course, I'm in."

"I never knew Mark was into you."

"What do you mean?"

"He didn't tell you? He mentioned he noticed how much you've grown through college. He's super impressed. He also said you have a fine set of tits."

I probably should been upset that Mark was so crass when talking about my body, but I loved it. "Tell me more. Anything else?"

"I think I might have a real shot at Alicia."

"Really?"

Bernie was all smiles, his cheeks flush with an invigorated energy. "Yeah, I don't think she's ever been that talkative around me before." I found it curious how quickly he has building his confidence while in this naked state, considering the months of worrying we endured.

"Maybe being naked around her drops her guard. Allows her to open up."

"Huh. Maybe."

"Or maybe she just likes checking out your junk." I had to joke. After all, I'm still his sister.

"Haha. Very funny. No, I think she might actually like me."

"Worth a shot, Berns," I smiled.

**

"Hey, are you taking a shower before we go to Ernesto's?" Bernie asked, peeking into my room. I was on the floor, writing in my journal. I noticed that ever since we got home from the picnic, Bernie would sometimes take brief glimpses of my naked body. I suppose the handjob may actually have helped earlier.

"Yeah, I was going to jump in soon. Why? Do you want to go first?"

"Well, uh... I dunno," Bernie stepped inside my room now. Of course, that put me face to crotch with the monster. "I was thinking, why not take a shower with you? I wanted to talk to you about a game plan."

"Game plan? What do you mean?"

"Come on, Beebs. The thing tonight! Can you believe it? Alicia AND Mark both being into us? Surprising us with this date thing. I thought maybe we should put a little plan together. Like, if Mark wants to take you somewhere private, you can signal whether that's something you're cool with."

"And you want to have this conversation in the shower?"

"Do you want to risk Mom hearing? She wouldn't be happy if she knew we were planning on leaving early."

It seems silly, but Bernie was right. It would be a lot easier to convince Mom we should leave for an impromptu, after-party date, than to actually plan it out. "Yeah, okay. Give me about five minutes, okay?"

Bernie left and I quickly got up and checked myself in the mirror. I shaved early this morning and double checked the work. It appeared fine, but I kind of wished it wasn't. It would be interesting to shave in front of Bernie while we shared the shower. I smiled, putting the thought behind me. Besides, I needed to focus on Mark Tellus. Butterflies were in my stomach.

**

Bernie was waiting for me in the bathroom. I prepared my towels and soaps while he developed half a chub. I noticed he tried to minimize how much he looked at me now. Being in close quarters made it more difficult for him, I think. "You can relax," I said.

"I'm relaxed," he insisted.

"I mean, about getting a boner around me. I don't care."

Bernie was about to argue a point but paused. Finally, he shrugged and said, "Yeah, okay." He stepped into the shower first and I was right behind him. He fumbled for the cheap soap and started lathering up.

"Alright, Berns. What's this plan that you have in mind?"

"Since it's a double date, we should take advantage of a few things, right? Like we could have a safe word. If anyone of us says the word 'apricots' it means we both immediately leave together and come home."

"Apricots? Why apricots?"

"I don't fuckin' know, Beebs. I just picked a word we weren't likely to accidentally say! And we can have another word that means, 'Can I talk to in private?'"

"You mean, without just asking, using the words, 'Can I talk to you in private?'"

Bernie dropped his head, exhausted with my resistance. "Okay, the word for 'let's bail' is 'apricots' and 'pumpkin pie' will be code for 'can I talk to you in private'?"

"Do you really think we're going to need these codes?"

"I hope not."

Maybe Berns didn't realize it, but he was flat-out staring at my tits. As an experiment, I quit talking and he didn't even notice. I continued lathering up my hair while he stared at my tits. I'd move them to the right, then the left. His eyes just followed, entranced. His cock was fully awake. "Hey, Berns," I said, waking him up, our eyes locking. "Come back to reality, okay?"

His face turned four shades darker red and he threw his hands to crotch, trying to cover. "Oh, Beebs, I am so sorry! I, uh... well, wow. Okay. I don't even have an excuse. Really. I'm sorry."

I snickered. "Maybe we should take care of that before we go to dinner."

"Again?" whispered Bernie.

"Unless you're opposed."

I suppose I should have expected it from the moment Bernie asked to shower together, but several minutes later I was beating him off again. I took it slow at first, allowing the hot water to steam us over. I moved in closer, wishing I could lick it but feeling like that was crossing boundaries. My line was up to here, apparently no further. Regardless, I was getting horny jerking it so close to me. I had to say something. "Bernie, will you cum on my face?"

He moaned and his knees trembled to my dirty talk. "If that's what you want." I nodded, meaning it. But then he asked, "Would you let me cum in your mouth?"

Now my knees shook. Squatting down, jerking him off, raging horny and he asked me to do something I never would have dreamed I wanted so badly. "Do you want to watch me swallow?" I asked. Bernie was nodding furiously, face clinched. I felt him climbing in my hand. "I might need your help," I said, getting wetter in anticipation. "I've always struggled swallowing, so you're just going to have to hold my head there. Make sure I can't move it. Force it down me. Okay?"

I was lying. I absolutely loved swallowing for the few times I had done it, but I always had this fantasy of being held down with no control. I guess having that person be my brother kinked it up a notch. I wanted him so badly to play along and by the sound of his groaning, he did too. A second later, he reached out and grabbed the back of my head with both of his hands, pulling himself deeper into me. Somehow, he managed to get me down another inch or two. My mouth was stuffed.

I was cumming before the first spray of Bernie's semen hit the back of my throat, the effort to orgasm requiring no physical stimulation. I was so horny from the chain of events that took place up to this point, it sent me over the edge. I swallowed while trying to pull away, but Bernie held me down. Just the way I wanted it. He made sure none of his hot juices escaped me. Finally, he pushed me off. "Wow, Beebs. That was amazing."

The water was pounding my face still, but I wiped it with my forearm anyway, pulling away bits of cum from my lips and chin. "Yeah, uh... that was... great." Frankly, it had me rattled. I know I am inexperienced, but I was beginning to feel some discomfort with how sexually charged I get around Bernie. Unknown, new feelings.

**

Sometime later, we made it to Ernesto's. Mom and Dad got there earlier to prep the tables with Nude Day balloons and party décor. Bernie and I showed up exactly at 6:30 and were surprised to see not only Gran and the cousins again, but Mr. Mason and his wife, too. Julia made a line to Bernie once we were in the door.

"It is so great to see you once more before your big day is over. I hope you took plenty of pictures to remember it by. Do you mind?" That's when I noticed Miss Julia had a camera with her and started moving Bernie around by the shoulders, posing him. "Oh, just like that. Stand tall and proud, son." I wondered if no one found it strange Miss Julia wasn't including me in these pictures.

"Hey, thanks for earlier." I heard a voice behind me. It was Vic. "About what you said earlier. I thought about it and you're right." I smiled and gave him a quick hug, even allowing my breasts to squish up against him for a prolonged amount of time. I think he liked it.

Then Pam approached, whispering. "Um, what's it like?" she asked.

"What is what like?"

"Being naked all day."

"So you are a bit nervous, huh? I don't blame you. But honestly, it's been way easier than I expected."

Pam smiled, nodding. "It's just... well, seeing you and Bernie got me thinking about it. You're very brave."

"You will be, too," I reassured.

As predicted, Mom sucked up most of the oxygen in the room, but she made sure to direct plenty attention our way from time to time. Some people from her place of work showed up and more folks from church. Mark and Alicia arrived just after seven. All told, almost twenty people stopped by to congratulate and hug us, whether they were good friends or faint acquaintances. By this time, I was numb to it. People commented on Bern's thick dick plenty, but I got my fair share of compliments on my tits and ass. It's so great to be appreciated for finally "growing up" huh? Philthshire does it like no other place, that's for sure.

Things were just beginning to wind down after ten, with a few people already having left. That's when Mark sprung the question on Mom. I almost forgot he intended to be a lawyer until I witnessed him apply his magical gift of tongue. He not only convinced Mom to let us leave with him and Alicia, he assured her that we might not get home until late the following morning. Somehow, Mom was okay with this. Of course, Mom gave a big speech before we left, ensuring the remaining crowd focused on me and Bernie for a moment. I wondered how Bernie was holding up, as he was half hard again. I think he might be as numb to being naked in public as I am. He didn't seem too bothered.

Finally, we left in Mark's car with me in front and him driving. Bernie and Alicia were in the back. I noticed Alicia sat closer than necessary. It was cute. Twenty minutes later, we pulled into Peter's Prairie, a park that was donated to the city several years ago from a wealthy philanthropist. It offered picnic tables, a beautiful pond and lovely grassland to gaze upon.

"I thought this place was only open until nine o'clock," said Bernie.

Mark shrugged. "I know the cop that works this area. He passes by every couple of hours to make sure the kids stay out. Anyway, he said he'd leave us alone. There's a full moon tonight and a little dock on the pond. Alicia and I brought wine. How's that sound?"

"It sounds perfect," I said. I think the two in the back could actually hear me smiling, I was beaming so wide. The walk to the dock was short and lit well enough to not be challenging. Without any trees in the area, the moon's light bounced across the water. Soon, we were two drinks into a double date, sitting on the edge of the dock with our toes submerged. "What made you think to bring us out here?" I asked the other siblings.

Alicia spoke up. "It was my idea, actually. Oh, I dunno. Knowing it would be a warm night, I thought a dip in the water might be a fun way to cap off your special day."

"You want US to jump in the pond?" I pointed to Bernie and myself.

Mark laughed. "We were thinking we'd join you."

I slapped my forehead. "Of course. Yeah, that would be fun! What do you say, Berns?"

Alicia was already stripping. Berns was smiling as wide as I was and nodding furiously. "I think it'll be a lot of fun, too. Absolutely. Shall we?" He stood up, holding his hand out for Alicia, waiting for her to finish undressing. For a moment I thought how unusual it was for Mark and Alicia to be naked in front of each other, but then I remembered they weren't raised by my parents. Maybe it just wasn't a big deal for them in their family. For me and Bernie, it took this special day.

Mark was everything I dreamt he would be. Handsome, charming, engaging. I noticed he often checked on his sister, though. His extended gazes made me think he wasn't just checking up on how she was doing with Bernie. I think he actually liked her lithe, pert body. Regardless, he didn't leave me starved for attention. Soon, we were kissing under the soft light of the moon. I could hear Bernie and Alicia doing the same.

"Will you have me tonight?" Mark whispered. I nodded. "Are you sure?" he confirmed, with me nodding even faster. I reached down and felt for his manhood. It felt strange submerged in the water, but I could feel it rising in my hand. It felt nothing like Bernie's, but I knew it would still be fun. A little later, we were back on the dock, the four of us. We didn't cross paths in our love making, but we were close, Mark and I perhaps ten feet apart from Alicia and Bernie.

I saw Alicia struggling from time to time with what Bernie offered, but it didn't seem to stop them from finishing. Mark continued to look at them, as often as he focused on me. I trembled as he found his way inside me, but my heightened sexual mood welcomed him intensely. Soon, he pumped with a forceful rhythm that had me on edge in seconds. I looked to Bernie as I experienced my first orgasm with Mark. It appeared they weren't far behind us.

Later that night, after another glass of wine, Alicia asked if we could see each other again. "I think I'd like that," said Mark, affirming.

Bernie and I smiled. I answered for us, "I think we might like that, too."

**

We didn't get home until after breakfast. To our surprise, two cards were left on the table, one with each our names on it. "I guess Mom and Dad have one more thing up their sleeves," said Bernie.

"Oh my God. This is a trip for two to Sandy Hook! Five days paid in full at The Adams Mark."

Bernie ripped his card open too. "No shit, I got the same. Hey, we could invite Alicia and Mark!"

I smiled, winking, then saying, "Or -- and hear me out on this -- you and I could go twice."
