Entry tags: 

alternate reality bites, spike/xander

Alternate Reality Bites (8/8)
Title: Aternate Reality Bites 
Chapter: 8 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Summary: Xander begins to have some disturbing dreams about a less successful life. 
A/N: This fic is complete and I'll be posting it over the next 3 days. It takes place in the Biteverse, but can be read on its own right even if you haven't read the rest of the 'verse. For spring_with_xan . 
Credits: I'm grateful to sentine for the wonderful banner and to silk_labyrinth for the fantastic beta work!

Previous chapters here.

Final chapter. Thank you for reading!

Epilogue

“It’s beautiful, Xander. You do wonderful work.”

Xander smiled at Wesley. “Thanks. I enjoy it. It’s rewarding, you know?”

Wes ran a hand over the desk Xander had built him. It was mahogany, with a few more exotic woods inlaid in a pattern around the edges because Xander had been in the mood to experiment with veneers. Wes used the library downstairs, of course, but Xander had thought he’d appreciate a private study space in his suite as well. “It feels like home,” Wes said.

“Good. That’s the idea. Tonight I’ll finish installing the bathroom fixtures. I got the new kind of toilet seat; it just sort of twists on and off without any tools. Which was probably more than you wanted to know, but hey, it’s exciting if you’re Home Improvement Guy.”

Wes’s mouth twitched into a small grin. “Thank you for sharing, Xander.”

“No problem. You ever want to talk plumbing trivia, I’m your guy. But I’m thinking that an impatient vampire’s gonna come bursting through your door any minute now to heckle me in British. I think I’ll go head him off.”

“You do that. Thank you, Xander.”

Xander unbuckled his tool belt and laid it on the floor. When he left the room, Wes was still standing there, smiling down at his new furniture.

Spike was, indeed, on his way down. His duster was swirling and his mouth was set in what he probably thought was a fierce frown, but what Xander thought more closely resembled a pout. Spike stomped to a halt in front of him. “Oi! You were meant to be upstairs hours ago.”

“Sorry. I was almost finished and I got carried away.”

“Carried away, huh?” With vampire-quick speed, Spike swept Xander into his arms and flipped him over his shoulder. He swatted Xander’s ass very firmly and carried him upstairs. Xander decided not to fight the indignity. Besides, his position left Spike’s own ass within reach, although it was, sadly, obscured by the coat. Xander patted it anyway.

As they went up, they passed Lindsey on his way down. He wasn’t exactly flying down the stairs, but he was walking, brace-free and using only one hand on the banister for balance. He snorted in laughter at Xander and muttered, “Should’ve had Rupe carry me around like that.”

In their room, Spike dumped him on the bed and quickly and efficiently stripped off all Xander’s clothing and then his own. “Let’s see if we can make the pouf complain about the noise again,” he said.

Xander reached up towards his vampire. “Sounds like an excellent plan.”

***

Xander dreamed. It was probably just an ordinary dream, because the Council had long ago cut him off from the other world. But still, it was very vivid, very lucid.

In the dream, Xander set a two-by-four in place and then held it steady while Chelsea nailed it down. When she was done, she turned and grinned at him. It was a breezy day and her short curls ruffled a little around her face. “If we keep working this fast we’re gonna make the rest of the crew look bad,” she said.

“If we keep working this fast maybe we can knock off work early and we’ll have time to shower before dinner.”

She cocked an eyebrow at him. “Was that a proposition, Xander Harris?”

He smiled wolfishly at her. “Do you want it to be, Chelsea Perez?”

She smiled, which made her warm brown eyes crinkle at the corners. “Tell you what. We finish up here, we shower—separately, in our own homes—and then I’ll pick you up and we can go to that seafood place over on 9th Street. I was on the crew that built that building, you know.”

“Well then, I guess I can feel assured the ceiling won’t fall on us while we eat.” He reached over for the next piece of wood and put it in place. “I could pick you up instead.”

“In that POS Chevy? No way. I’ve got a shiny new Tacoma. Wanna show it off a little.”

“Yeah, okay. I could stand to be chauffeured, I guess.”

When they finished, less than an hour later, they cleaned up the site together. Chelsea grabbed his shoulders and looked up at him—not far; she was almost as tall as he was—and gave him a little peck on the cheek. “See ya at six, Xan.”

He practically skipped to his truck. It was kind of a POS, but it ran and he owned it outright, and if he got that promotion Mr. Martin had been talking about, soon he’d be able to afford something flashier himself. He set his toolbox into the truck's bed and then climbed into the cab. Before he backed out of the lot, he caught a glimpse of himself in the rearview mirror. The patch was there, slightly sweaty and dusty at the moment. And his face around the patch was still kind of…dented. Lately he’d been thinking that even when he could afford it, maybe he wouldn’t get it fixed. Chelsea said she thought it made his face interesting, intriguing. Like he was a guy with interesting stories to tell. Maybe she was just being nice. But for the first time he could remember, when Xander looked in the mirror, he liked the man he saw looking back at him.

---fin---