Me and my Father In law-9

By Jeevan << jeevan80@yahoo.com>>

After we got up from the sexual trans we came to reality. We had never thought of our maid , Manju who was in the house all the time. I was afraid she must have seen us OR heard us fucking. I dressed and quietly went out to look for her. Then I got the shock of my life!
Manju was standing near my bedroom door with her sari hiked up and her hand busy in between her thighs. Ohh god ! she had seen our fucking! She was breathing heavily and looked flushed, all the signs of sexual excitement!
I went to her and called her, 
" Manju! What are you doing? Why is your sari up and where is your hand?"
" ohhhhhh Bai saheb! I am sorry! But I could not help it after I saw you and baba doing something. Ohhhhhhh1 I never thought a bahu can do this with her sasur. "
" So you saw everything! Come on! Tell me."
" YES I saw each and everything. You had cucumber in your hand and ohhhhhhhh! I am ashamed to tell!"
Ohh so she had seen me masturbating with the cucumber and then me and Baba masturbating for each other. Ohhh god! We were caught! I went into the bedroom and told Baba,
" Baba! We are caught! Manju has seen us and she saw everything! What should we do?"
" don't worry Bahu! I will tackle this. Just sit here and let me handle it. OK?"
I just sat in my room and Baba went out to tackle Manju. I heard them talking and then peeked out on them. What I saw!
Baba handed Manju Rs.100 note and told her to keep quite.
" Manju! Take this and please don't tell anybody about us. I will give you more money whenever you require. What else?"
" Baba sahib! Money is not all! I want to join the pleasure you were enjoying. Can you please make me your partner? Then I will tell you something you won't believe!"
" Ohhh so you will tell me some secret hu! Ok! Come into Seema's room and we will start."
Baba entered my room followed by Manju. Manju was looking at me and smiled. I knew something is going to happen! Baba sat on the bed and told me,
"Seema Bahu! Please undress our maid Manju for me. She will be joining us for sex. You also undress with her. Please remember that I want to enjoy the show"
Ohh god! Baba was making me do things I never imagined. The maid, Manju! He was gong to fuck her! Ohhhhhhh god! That too in front of me! OK I too wanted to do things with her that I had never thought but I knew I would! I went to Manju and looked at her body.
 Manju was about 30, dark skinned,  plump body with smart features. Her eyes were big and sexy. I saw that her breasts were smaller and her ass was much wider than her body. May be 33-30-39. She was wearing Sari and blouse. I went to her and held her hand. I looked into her eyes and smiled.
" Manju! You can undress me and I will undress you. Here I will remove your sari while Baba watches."
I took her paloo in my hand and started to remove her sari. Her sari started to unwind and her blouse-clad breasts were now visible. She was turning around to help me get the sari off. I removed her sari and she stood before us with only petticoat and blouse. Baba was watching her body and rubbing his lund over the lungi. Ohhhh he was enjoying it! That's what I wanted. I could do anything in this world that will make my Baba happy! I removed my sari myself and stood next to Manju.
Baba was comparing our bodies and smiled.
" Now show me her breasts Seemu! Show me how firm they are! Remove her blouse, she may not be wearing any bra."
I unhooked the back hooks of Manju's blouse and exposed her breasts. She was not wearing any Bra inside as rightly told by FIL! They were magnificent! I was watching a naked woman from close distance for the first time in my life. I totally removed her blouse and made her half-naked. Her breasts though smaller than mine were hard and the aureoles were really big! I touched the left breast and Manju moaned. 
"Ohhhhh Bai sahib! It feels so nice! Show Baba sahib how big they are!"
I caught both her breasts in my palms and offered them to my FIL. They were really firm and hard. Maybe the work she was doing kept her firm. I envied her for having such a nice pair of boobs and proceeded to remove my own blouse. I removed my blouse and stood facing Manju. I went very near to her so that our breasts were in front of each other. I wanted to show FIL both the pairs of boobs!
My breasts were bigger than Manju's and the colour was contrasting. Mine were white while Manju's were dark! Our nipples almost touched!  This was different pleasure I had never experienced. Baba had taken out his lund and was rubbing it in his palm. It was semi-hard and needed some more excitation. Now I knew what he wanted!
I put my hands around manju and pulled her to me. That way our breasts pressed into each other. Ohhhhhhh what a sensation! I never thought that the touch of another woman's body would be so intoxicating. I rubbed my chest over Manju's and manju too was enjoying this. She also put her hands on my back and was rubbing it softly.  Baba was getting hard! He loved what he saw.
Then I removed the knot of her petticoat and pulled it down her ass. As I told you her ass was much bigger and so her petticoat was not coming down. Manju wiggled her ass and managed to push it down. As the petticoat came down her big fleshy ass was exposed. Her ass was big! The two ass cheeks were fleshy and shaped like half spheres. I patted her ass and said,
" ohhh Baba ! see manju's ass! Its beautiful. I know you love woman's ass and so let me show you how it is."
I kneaded her ass cheeks as FIL kneads mine. Manju shouted with joy and I knew she was enjoying it as I did. I moved my hand to the crack of her ass and searched for her choot. I found hairy jungle and knew that Manju was not shaving her choot hair. I loved it! 
" Baba see this slut of a maid we have! See her massive ass and you will be surprised to see her choot!  see it!"
I spread her ass cheeks and showed FIL her hairy choot. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh so nice! I removed my own petticoat and stood naked in front of my maid. My choot was well shaved and hers was hairy. So contrasting! I looked at FIL and saw that his lund was hard as  a steel pole. I pushed Manju to the bed and she lay on it wondering what was going to happen.
" Come on Baba fuck Manju. She is all yours. Push that big lund in her hairy choot and fuck her."
" Yes Bahu! I am glad you are not jealous. I want you to participate too. Come here and put my lund in Manju's choot. Come on!"
Manju was lying on her back looking at me and Baba. I went near to her and put her hand on FIL's lund. She held it in her fist and smiled!
" Bai sahib! Baba has nice big lund! I know you like it. All women love big lunds and to tell you the fact, my husbands is very small! Just 4-5 inches and the son of a bitch do not know how to fuck. He just puts it there and cums in 2-3 minutes! I know Baba is good fucker. I saw him rubbing his lund sometime back and now he is still hard!'
"Yes Manju! He fucks nice! Baba is great fucker. Come on spread your legs and let me out that lund in your choot!"
Manju spread her legs and I saw her hairy choot glistening with choot juice. I pushed my hand in her bush and found her choot hole. It was really wet! I caught my FIL's lund and put it on the entrance of Manju's choot.
" Ohhh Baba! Push that lund in Manju's choot! fuck her hard!"
Baba came over Manju and moved his ass down, slamming his lund in Manju's choot. I saw his lund go deep in the choot till his and hers pubic hair rubbed. Ohhh god it was great watching a man and woman fuck. I loved this sight. Manju moved her ass to adjust FIL's lund in her choot and then lay back to enjoy. I went to her face and then caught her breasts in my hands. I kneaded them, rubbed them and then I took her nipples in my mouth and chewed on them while FIL fucked her.
Ohh I never thought that threesome would be so exciting. I just loved it! Then I imagined two males with me! Ohhhhhhhhhh god! How I was dying to get two lunds! I remembered my younger brother in law, Sameer. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! I had just seen him sometime back wearing his jockeys and also seen the big bulge his lund made. Ohhhhh was I shameless slut? Thinking of my husband's younger brother while my FIL fucked this maid, Manju. I tried to remove the thought from my mind but I could not.
Here FIL was fucking Manju slowly and steadily as he always does. Manju was moaning and pulling him to her body. They both were locked in tight embrace and I was left out! SO I just sat on the bed with my legs spread and took the very cucumber I used to mastrubate. I pushed the cucumber all the way in my choot and started to fuck with it. Manju saw this and said,
" Ohh Bai sahib! Come on take your FIL in your choot. Let us both share his lund. Come here and let's press our bodies together. Your FIL will fuck any one he wants and we can be very near to each other."
Manju was innovative herself! I liked the idea and I lay on top of Manju's body with my breasts rubbing her's, my naval on her naval and my choot oh her choot! Baba saw this and he was mad with lust! He put his lund in my choot pushing his ass up. Ohhhh I was a slut! I was my Baba's slut! For a while he fucked me and then removed his luynd and fucked Manju. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! So nice!
Thus he alternated with me and manju and finally he shouted,
" Ohhhhh Bahu! I am cummmingggggggggggggggg! Take me in your mouth Bahu! You deserve my juice! "
I hurriedly put my mouth to his lund and took him in. Ohhh god! His lund started jerking and sprayed hot cum all over my mouth. How I loved it! I did not drink the precious juice but kissed Manju right on her mouth and we both tasted the combined juices. The juices of two choots and one lund!
After this we rested and then Manju told FIL the secret!
" baba I want to tell you something. I saw your younger Bahu , Sujata, kissing Sameer's friend Vinod one afternoon. Sameer was not in the house and you were in your rooms. They were sitting in living room and suddenly Vinod got up and kissed Sujata hard on the lips. They separated very fast but I saw it!"
So  Sujata was having some affair! Yes ! I wanted her to be slut of my FIL! That way I could get Sameer's lund! Yes!
FIL heard this but kept mum. He was thinking something.
" manju! Don't tell this to anybody else. Keep it secret. Just keep watch on my younger bahu and tell me what you see. Ok?"
YES this was new way to get the two.
END OF PART 9
