Maggie And The Guys
by OliveAthers

Maggie And The Guys Pt. 01

Maggie spies her friends skinny dipping.

It was another beautiful night at Greenville Farms Summer Camp and I was taking my nightly walk under the stars. I loved the night, it was a time I could be all by myself with my own thoughts. No kids to wrangle and no fellow camp counselors to try and impress. I was a nerdy-in-an-uncool-way engineering student; frumpy and with no skill or care in fashion. Always desperate to fit in with the girl counselors but it never happens. At 20 I'm now older than most counselors but even they don't respect me. I guess I just give off the most off-putting 'weird girl' vibes.

Oh well. My friends have always been fellow nerd-type guys. At Greenville camp I had a tight nit group of friends. Four boys I had spent goofing around with for many summers even before we were counselors. Two red-headed twins and fellow STEM majors Tom and Harry. A pale and skinny kid who was an anime lover and generally very anxious and quiet, we called him by his last name Rogers. And the leader of our group was a sharp, quick-witted, and confident guy who went by the nickname Stitches. And then there was me, Maggie.

That was our group. Walking through the campgrounds I was thinking how I was going to miss them. The summer was coming to a close and it had been a particularly fun year. I reminisced about building stupid contraptions in legos with the twins. And for a short time we geeked out on engineering the perfect potato cannon. One night we set it up next to the lake and launched potatoes as high into the air as we could and watch them plummet into the lake. This thing was so powerful it created a surprising amount of noise we had hoped would be absorbed by the trees. But soon enough Stephanie, a camp counselor and stuck-up cunt, put a stop to our fun.

On my walk I arrived at the lake where me and the guys had had so much fun. I climbed the tree and thought about the time me and rogers had hung out in this tree and talked about the anime series we loved and the new ones we had discovered this summer. I thought about the first real heart-to-heart conversation I had had with any of the boys was with Rogers. Us commiserating over never having been in a relationship. He had never kissed anyone and I had only ever kissed my senior prom date. It was with Rogers that, in a surprise to me, I had formed the tightest bond with this summer.

I lay in the tree with my eyes closed thinking of all this and listening to the trees rustle and the cicadas chirps around me when I heard a noise. My eyes jerked open I heard the unmistakable sound of the twins wooping, coming my way. I sat up and wondered what my friends were doing out here. I checked my phone and didn't see any messages. I was hurt. I always assumed they did some things without me since the boys cabins were on the other side of the camp but this was the first time I had evidence of this.

The raucous of my friends drew closer, they were heading toward the lake which the tree I was in sat directly next to the dock. I sat there wondering what should I do, jump out and scare them as a joke or sneak away with my hurt feelings of not being invited?

Before I could come to a conclusion a naked ass streaked by the dock shortly being illuminated by the sole lamp post next to it. I had to quickly cover my mouth or I would burst into laughter. Flowing brown hair, muscular and tanned body, with a pale white and shapely butt. It was Stitches, completely naked. My hurt feelings dissolved into giddy amusement. They had come out here to skinny dip, no girls allowed. So stupid

"Let's go!" shouted Stitches

Next came the pale white butts of the twins, running past so fast I really only saw a blur of white and red. Next slowly sauntering to the end of the dock was rogers. He had his arms down in front of him, presumably covering his penis. His skinny, somewhat soft, and unmuscular body swayed right to left as he considered jumping into the lake. His cute, round butt shifted it's plumpness from left to right as he walked. I admired the crack of his behind splitting the two white cheeks.

"Rogers you pussy get in!" Stitches cajoled him.

He hopped in.

I was loving this. This would be excellent material to joke them about. Or maybe I would just keep it my little secret, I didn't want to embarrass Rogers who was somewhat sensitive and could take it the wrong way. I looked at my phone, it was late and I needed to go to bed. I would consider all this later but now I needed to go. I figured if I made my way to the opposite side of the tree the trunk would provide cover from their eyesight and they hopefully wouldn't see me scurry away.

But before I could get down I heard the rushing water and grunting of someone climbing out of the lake onto the dock. I froze, I was annoyed that this might take longer than I wanted to escape. I could only see a silhouette of the figure. But he soon walked into the light provided by the lamppost. My jaw dropped. It was Harry, nude, now facing me with his penis and balls completely exposed to me. I had never remotely thought of any of the boys in a sexual way. But I was looking at a toned somewhat muscular body, a mans body. Below the friendly and familiar face of Harry was a pale white and hairless chest, a hint of abs provided definition. And a slight muscular V led from his hip bones down to a glistening and full orange bush. Jutting out from his bush was a perky average sized penis (from what I understood). It waggled around among his hair as he walked, sometimes bouncing off his dick and generally moving in a funny but mesmerizing way I thought.

His brother came out of the water and into view. I lay just gulping in the sight. From the naked feet up the hairy legs to the butt and around to their wet dicks and up their muscular bodies. A warm ache filled my pussy and up through my stomach. I reached down and touched my button through my jeans. I could feel myself becoming wet. I bit my lip

To my delight the twins began to laugh and started swinging their dicks from left to right and swinging them around in a circle. Drips of water flying off the tip of their penises as they did this. I was in heaven.

"I have to piss" said Tom and wandered into the darkness. A tinkling sound came a few moments later.

I shifted around on the big branch I was laying around to lay stomach flat, straddling it.

Next Rogers came out of the water. I felt extremely guilty but also very compelled to continue watching. His dirt blonde hair came into view and unfortunately he was covering cupping his penis and balls with one hand. His body did not have the same affect on me as the twins did exactly. But for the first time I did find him cute. He did not have defined muscles and did not look very 'manly' but he looked so vulnerable and cuddly.

After shivering on the dock for a minute he finally moved his hands and revealed a trimmed bush and a small penis. The little bit of flesh sat on top of his balls and moving in unison from left to right with them as he walked. His didn't have enough length to waggle around like the twins.

As he walked back and forth on the dock he fidgeted with his penis. Reaching down and moving it around from time to time. Eventually I recognized he was trying to add length somehow to his manhood.

He wandered over to the tree next to me, took his penis in his fingers, and a stream of pee sprang from him and streaked down the tree.

As I was watching this I heard Stitches, "where's the flashlight Rogers?" I looked over and my jaw dropped wider this time. Stitches penis was huge. His confident and sometimes arrogant personality now made more sense. So did his success with girls, despite being an aloof weirdo. His cock hung down about 6 inches. His glistening shaft lazily swayed from side to side as he walked.

"It's in the backpack", Rogers shouted back.

I shifted around now on the branch to rub my clit. Shifting back and forth and humping up and down. My wetness covered my slit now and dampened my underwear.

Stitches now squatted down to look through the back pack and his long cock nearly touched the wood of the dock.

As I continued to hump I lifted one side of my shirt and freed a boob from my bra. I pawed at my B cup sized breast. Pinching and twisting my nipple. Imagining holding stitches cock by his shaft and licking his round head.

I had an idea. I lowered my shirt and took out my phone. I felt guilty but I wanted to remember this. I opened my camera app, aimed it at Sitches and

*skkchh*

My phone snapped loudly. In my horniness I hadn't clearly thought and didn't think to turn off the sound. In the next moment Stitches turned the flashlight in his hand on and pointed it directly at me sitting in the tree.

"Oh shit it's Maggie!" someone yelled. And all but Stitches grabbed their clothes and scurried away.

Stitches shut the flashlight and walked up to the tree. Looking up at me he put his hands on his hips, letting his cock continue to be exposed to me.

I couldn't make out the expression on his face. Was he mad?

I went with a cutesy "hi" and a little wave. Hoping he wasn't mad.

He walked off.

*****

Back at my cabin I shared with three other girls, I locked myself in the bathroom. Full of desire and desperate to cum I took my jeans and underwear off. I held up my panties and admired how the bottom portion was soaked with my wetness.

I sat on the toilet and put a leg up on the sink and a leg on the side of the bathtub. With my legs spread wide open I shoved two fingers in and out of myself until I had a beautiful, spine-tingling orgasm.


Maggie And The Guys Pt. 02

Maggie agrees to strip for her friends.

My fingers shakily fiddled with the loops on my jean shorts as I felt the nervous moisture start to form on my hands.

"OK THEN," Stitches strided around cockily. I stood about 10 feet away from the four boys I had grown close to over many summers at this camp. I had agreed to meet up with them in the forest behind the camp dorms. We all knew what we were here for but Stitches was enjoying himself.

"We have here," he waved flamboyantly at me, "a witch and a *pervert*. Caught ogling 4 naked boys. Cowering in a tree like a shifty, dirty raccoon."

"Raccoons don't live in trees," Harry said wryly.

"Ok well like a panda."

"A panda?"

"Whatever, I'm bored of this. Let's get to it." Stitches turned his gaze to me. "Ok, strip. Then we'll be even."

The gaze of the four boys across me settled into my body hungrily. An awkward pause followed.

"OK this is stupid," Harry broke the silence. "I don't care anymore," the pale freckled 19 year old stepped forward waving his hands trying to call it off. "You're forgiven," referring to the girl on trial (me), "I really don't care, let's move on."

Good ol' Harry, he was always the level-headed one.

"Nah, I care," Stitches countered.

"Well.." Harry's Twin brother Tom piped up, ".. maybe let's vote?".

"I already said I would do it," I spoke up trying to sound somewhat confident. This was true, they had told me their "terms" for forgiveness and I had agreed. I would strip naked in front of them and we would be even. But still, my nervousness and the prospect of standing bare naked in front of my childhood friends was weighing very heavy on my nerves at this point and I secretly was hoping desperately for them to let me off the hook now and move on from this.

"Ok let's vote," Harry said. "For strip or against strip. Who's 'for'?".

Stitches hand shot up, mind made up and eyes glazed over with boredom at all this. The rest of the boys eyes moved from person to person, waiting for another to admit that they desired to see their friend strip naked for them. Tom shuffled for a moment looking at his feet and meekly raised a hand. I stood their helpless as my fate was decided amongst them, none of them looking my way.

Harry was for sure not voting for it so that left only Rogers, the sweet, skinny, nerdy, anime-lover I had become much closer with this summer. The three sets of eyes bore into him on his right. He looked over to me and I returned his gaze. I don't know what my facial expression would have communicated to him but I could see him remembering our summer together which was spent sharing our love of anime and opening up to each other about our fears of dating. His eyes broke the gaze with mine and traveled down my body. I was wearing a simple loose t-shirt with the Venture Bros. logo on it and some well-fitting jean shorts hugging my butt and thighs. He looked back to the guys, then to the ground, and raised his hand.

My fate was sealed. The eyes moved back to me, some unabashedly hungry in anticipation and some guiltily darting their eyes around and landing on my body only briefly.

"OK, I don't care," I tried to say cooly. The warmth of embarrassment emanated from every pore in my body. I became very aware of my skin pressing against my clothes, about to be unveiled. I quietly decided on the order I would remove my clothes: shirt, jeans, bra, panties. That made sense. Once naked I would hold out in my birthday suit for about 10 seconds, hopefully come off nonchalant as if I was the cool girl I desperately wanted to be, and then dress.

I grabbed the bottom of my shirt and swung it over my head. I chose a pink and black bra today. They covered my meager, pale, 32B breasts. My belly had a small layer of fat that the Summer activities had reduced but not completely eliminated.

I had just unclasped my bra when I realized I had absentmindedly gone out of order. If I were to lose my bra now that would mean more time with my boobs exposed. But it being already almost off I let the bra fall to my elbows and swung it over to land on my crumpled shirt.

"Say hello to maggie jr. and ingrid" I pointed to my left and right tits. No one laughed or acknowledged this awkward joke. The eyes that were wandering were all now focused and I could feel them all around my nipples.

My boobs are plump and perky. I knew the view they were getting now, I saw it every morning in the mirror. Big owl eyes of my large pink areolas were staring straight at them. And if they were observant and had any amount of knowledge about a girls body they would be able to tell that my nipples were enlarged and erect from the excitement. Electricity ran from around the tips of my nipples down to my pussy that ached suddenly. I let out a quick breath of air at this shock of pleasure.

I proceeded now with my jean shorts unbuttoning and letting them fall to my ankles revealing a somewhat ratty blue thong panties. I tried to step out of my shorts but one leg got caught on my boots. I lifted up my foot and tugged on my shorts, for a moment losing my balance and hopping on one foot which sent my boobs bouncing and bobbling around.

I threw my shorts to the pile, put my hands on my hips, and returned my attention to the guys. I had no quip this time. Embarrassment and pleasure filled my head in swirling heights and troughs.

I now became aware of movement in the jeans of some of the guys. With no part of my conscious mind involved I found myself spinning around for them.

I did not find my boobs or even the entire upper half of my body to be sexy at all. But my lower half I almost felt like came from a different person. My thighs were thick and my hips set wide. I had a picture perfect butt that was plump and shapely that was divided by a cute split through the middle. And whereas my face, shoulders, and chest had blemishes and sometimes acne, my ass was porcelain.

I had never caught a guy checking out my chest but in my bikini had caught them looking at my butt. I had never seen my friends checking me out but I had always wondered if they had.

Now with my final piece of clothing to go I felt nauseous. This would be the first time a boy had laid eyes on my pussy. I didn't much care about exposing my boobs but my pussy was a special thing.

I decided to block out these thoughts and to just see what was on the other side of having done it. I removed my panties and threw them on the pile.

"Spin," said Stitches. This was the first indication that that he was getting any enjoyment at all from seeing my body. Obediently I spun around to give a complete view of my naked body.

Having now completely exposed myself the waves of pleasure were giving way completely to overwhelming embarrassment. The temperature of my body seemed to rise several degrees, I reddened and sweat began to form on my forehead and hands. I did not look remotely nonchalant.

"Don't," Harry said. I didn't understand until I saw Stitches walking up to me with his phone out. "Wait that's too far", he said trying to not let the situation go too far. I did nothing but watch Stitches as he bent down to the ground directly in front of me and pointed his phone up. "She took a picture of me, fair is fair".

"Open a little," he waved his fingers at my legs. I obeyed and stood them apart a little. I knew this view he was looking at. I had, a few times before, laid my full length mirror down on the floor and stood my legs on either side of it. This view emphasized all my plumpness. Leading up my thighs giving a hint of my round butt, the split of which met with my, at the moment, fuzzy haired pussy. Through my burgundy hair you would be able to see the slight protruding pink lips. This angle also made my breasts look bigger. Narcissistically I had masturbated in this position once.

The snap of the camera cut through the silence.

*****

I don't remember much else after that. I arrived back at my cabin in a haze. I felt dirty, but this was fine. I walked past the only roommate that was currently in the cabin, Charlotte, who was reading on her bed. I went straight for the bathroom, closed the door and stripped all my clothes off. Vigorously rubbing and entering myself the wet sounds began to build. I moaned.

"Are you masturbating?" I heard an amused voice from the door. "Yes," I said not caring anything.