Jena, Liz,  Tim,  Marty

I wasn't exactly a virgin when I married Tim, I just hadn't fucked 
him. I'd had a great sex life during the past few years at College. If 
you wanted a couple of party girls my sister Liz and me were it. 
We'd partaken in a couple of gang bangs and several orgies. I 
liked nothing better than a good DP. 

However it was all going  to change when I married Tim, or so I 
thought. He was a real gentleman, never attempting to get inside 
my knickers. I fell very much in love with him. Three months later, 
at our engagement party, on my nineteenth birthday, Liz met Tim's 
brother Marty. 

At our wedding, three months later Liz announced her engagement 
to Marty. Tim still hadn't fucked me. I'd tried to fuck him a couple of 
times but he said he'd rather wait until we were married. Liz told 
me Marty hadn't fucked her either.

That afternoon we arrived at the Hilton in London were we were 
going to spend the night before flying to Jamaica for our 
honeymoon. 

"Put on something hot for me before we go down to tea Jena", 
Said Tim.

I had just stepped out of my wedding dress so I was standing there 
in white bra, panties, nylons and suspenders.

"Like what?"

"Something really sexy".

"Take a look in my suitcase and choose what you want to see your 
new toy in", I said.

"Here put this on, and this", he said.

I took the skirt and top from him.

"You actually want me to wear these, they were meant for 
Manumission not here?"

"Sure I do, and loose the pants and bra".

"What!"

"I want every man in the place to stare at you and wish he was 
me".

I could hardly believe it. Still, it was what he wanted. I undid my bra 
and stepped out of my panties.

"Sorry Jena I hate body hair, you'll have to loose the pubes. Here 
you can use my razor."

I was dumbfound. Not only did my 'Perfect Gentleman' want me to 
look like a whore he also wanted me to loose the only means left 
of hiding my pussy. 

Twenty minutes later we left the room.

"Stop pulling your skirt down Jena". He said as we waited for the 
elevator. 

"But it'll ride up over my ass".

"That's the idea".

"But"

"Come on Jena, I'm hungry", as we stepped into the lift.

What was I wearing? You ask. Very little. Sheer white crop top that 
didn't quite cover the bottoms of my ample orbs. Tiny black latex 
belt that pretended to be a skirt, White nylons with suspenders and 
patent high heals. There was nearly a foot of tanned flat flesh 
showing between my top and skirt while the nylons finished 
several inches below the hem of my skirt. My ass was covered, 
barely, provided I stood up straight and pulled it down tightly.

Embarrassed? I'll say I was. As we crossed the lobby and entered 
the dining room every person there stared at me. They could 
clearly see my boobs through the gossamer top and as the latex 
had ridden high my ass was on plain view. Shit they could 
probably see my shaved pussy! My whole body was blushing. I 
thought the concierge was going to have apoplexy as he showed 
us to our table.   

"Everyone's staring at me".

"And so they should be my dear, you're really quite beautiful"

"I'm also practically naked".

"Would you like to strip the rest off right now?"

"No!!!"

As time went by and the meal was served I loosened up and forgot 
about the way I looked. After all, I'd gone to one gang bang with 
Liz, the pair of us wearing only red hats. OK so it was in a 
secluded house and we'd left our coats in the car, but we had rang 
the doorbell stark bollock naked. Anyway Tim, as always, was the 
perfect gentleman right through the meal. 

Afterwards we went back to our room and I sorted out my case. 
Later I dozed on the bed while Tim watched TV. He shook me 
awake. 

"Come on Jena, time to wake up".

"What? Why? What's up?"

"Nothing's up. It's late, time to hit the clubs".

"I'll just get changed", I said.

"No please don't. You look fabulous just like that".

"But I'm practically naked".

"No more than you were at tea".

"I know, but it's a bit embracing".

"Come on you look great".

A short taxi ride later we were walking through a dark corridor. I 
hoped my ear drums wouldn't suffer any permanent damage from 
the incredible din being produced by the disco. We entered a very 
nice hall. Twenty or so tables arranged around a small dance floor, 
about a million swirling twisting lights and a wall of amplifiers. 
There were around thirty other couples in the room. Shit at least 
half the girls had bare tits!

Tim led me straight out onto the floor. As we danced I felt his 
hands up under my skirt. No they weren't! My skirt was up around 
my waist and his hands were stretching my naked cheeks. I went 
bright red. 

"Relax honey", I think he shouted into my ear.

I put up no resistance as he slipped my top over my head and 
threw it to the edge of the floor. To all intents and purposes I was 
naked! So much for being a perfect gentleman. A little while later I 
stepped out of my latex and I was naked" apart, that is, from my 
nylons, suspenders and heals! Fuck what the hell was he doing. 
What was I doing! Apparently what my husband wanted. 

I gingerly looked around. Thank fuck. All the other girls in the room 
were bare from the waist up with several as naked as me. We 
danced for a while, then had a couple of drinks, then danced some 
more. Eventually Tim motioned it was time to go. I searched 
around and found my skirt. As soon as I stepped back into it Tim 
took me by the hand and led me, bare breasted, out to the waiting 
Taxi. 

I was, once again, bright red as I walked through the foyer and 
entered the lift. Thank shit it was four am and there were only the 
doorman, desk clerk and bell hop on duty. 

Up in our room I stripped off what little I was wearing and fell into 
bed. Tim went for a shower. He came back a quarter hour later 
and I nearly choked. Now you know he'd never fucked me before, 
well I'd never seen him naked before either. I had suspected he 
was big but not THAT big! Shit he had a lazy lob and his knob end 
was swinging between his knees! Fuck! Shit! He could kill me with 
that fucking monster.

"OK Jena, it's time to see if all that fucking you did before we 
married loosened you up a bit".

"What fucking?" I squeaked.

"You think I don't know about the orgies and gang bangs? Or 
about the dozen guys who fucked you, three at a time, on your hen 
night. Oh and I mustn't forget Ron filling your ass with cum two 
hours before you said 'I do', must I". (Ron was our best man and 
one of Tim's closest friends).

He pulled the bedclothes right back and dropped them on the floor.

"You know you really are quite breathtaking Jena. Don't worry I 
intend to be gentle. But I also intend to give you the fucking of your 
life. Now open your mouth wide. Have you ever deep throated a 
big cock before? Oh yes, you took Nick's nine inches two weeks 
ago, then his brother Tom's twelve inches the next day. Well' you 
should be able to take this".

I was going to die. His knob end nuzzled my lips and instinctively I 
opened wide. He slid in and in one motion his knob passed my 
tonsils and went straight down into my belly. He withdrew around a 
foot several times before plunging back down until his balls 
banged against my chin. Ten seconds later he withdrew and I 
gulped for air.

"Well done Jena! All the way in first time".

He was plunging back into my belly. Again and again he withdrew 
so I could breathe before plunging back inside me. During this time 
his cock started to stiffen. Thankfully it grew no longer and, 
although stiffer than before, never became a broom pole, even if it 
did resemble a soft baseball bat! 

He jerked, grunted, his massive cock jumped and I felt his hot cum 
shoot straight into my belly. I was fighting for air when he finally 
withdrew. Giving me no time to recover he turned me over before 
spreading my knees and cheeks. Fuck, his knob was pushing past 
my ringpiece. 

"No! Please Tim! It's too big! Stop! Please!"

"Relax Jena I'll not push in any more than you can take".

"Please! No!"

"Fuck girl, you've taken over half the snake. I knew I'd made a 
good choice of fuck doll"

"What the fuck do you mean fuck doll"

"Why you Jena, you're my fuck doll now. I can fuck you any way, 
any where, any time I want".

"What the fuck you mean?"

"Face it you're a little slut. You'll fuck anyone with a cock, and 
probably some that haven't. Well from now on I'll decide when, 
where and who you fuck".

"Aieooooooooo!"

"I think I've hit bottom. You little mink, there's only half a foot left. 
Not many chicks could have taken that much. Now relax while I 
ream you out.

"Aieooooooooo!"

"Next time, remind me to give you an enema first, don't like all this 
shit covering my cock. Fuck I need a pee, just relax Jena, it'll be all 
right".

I thought he was going to go to the bog. The fuckin shit pissed 
inside my ass. Fuck I felt my belly filling up".

"Please stop Tim, I'll burst", I pleaded.

"Of course you won't you can take twice as much as I'm pumping 
into you".

He wasn't going to stop. The piss was leaking out around his cock 
as he carried on filling my ass. Finally he was empty, and I was 
full.

"Just relax honey, try not to let it shoot out while I slide my prick 
free".

I thought he was going to let me go to the bog but he plunged his 
shit encrusted knob straight into pussy. I don't know how long he 
fucked me. I do know that my ass continually leaked shitty brown 
piss all the time. Finally he dumped his load and I made a bolt for 
the bog. 

"Fuck girl that was unbelievable. Did you cum too?"

"Fuckin bastard, I need to go to the hospital. You killed my insides. 
I'm probably go'na die!", I said as his piss shot out of my ass into 
the pan.

"Course you're not. I just frightened you a bit. Did you cum 
though?"

"I'm still cumming!"
   


  




        


