  America was on the brink of civil war. Many knew it and would do much to prevent it. In Kansas, a family of three, the Hotchkiss' owned a small farm on what they thought to be land out of the way of the abolitionist fighting. John Brown was still on the loose and those loyal to him were'nt known to be kind to those they caught owning slaves.
  John Hotchkiss owned seven slaves to work his small fields; two females, ages 15 and 20; and three males ages 17, 21 and 29. He owned one other person who the rest of the slaves didnt know. Her name was Clarisa. She was only 19 but was firmly built, her breasts the best looking out of the three females on the plantation. He kept her in a small room in the main house and, not to mention, treated her the best. She got white women's dresses which Rachel, his wife, left behind when she died earlier that year. She received three meals a day, and sometimes ate with the family; she knew arithmetic and could read words that John wanted her to know. But, there was a darker cause for Clarisa being there. If John had a bad harvest, a slave ran away, a son or daughter had disobeyed him, or something to that nature he would take his anger out on Clarisa.
  It was late one afternoon when Micheal, John's oldest son came home early from school. "Father, I have decided to marry the Richardson girl."
  "I told you she is not welcome in this house. She is indecent and un-lady-like."
  "She is just as good as any other."
  "No! Thats final!"
  "The wedding is in three days...I knew you wouldn't approve so we arranged it without your knowing."
  "Get out! Get OUT! If you ever come back here again you will not live an hour!" Sure enough, he walked out. John was enraged. 
  Later that night after he had cooled down and put the other children to bed, he knocked on Clarisa's door. "Clarisa, open up!"
  She opened the door, "you need somthin?" She asked, the door open just enough to peak her head out. 
  "Let me in" he said calmly.
  "There aint nothin in here there aint s'posed to be."
  "Let me in...now" his voice presented no anger but was firm at this point.
  "If you says so.." she opened the door letting him walk in. "What you be needin from in here?"
  "Micheal is gone...he is no longer welcome here...if he comes around you tell me ya hear?"
  "Yea masta, I don need know why he aint welcomed here no more I guess."
  "Damn right!" he paused. "Now then...I put some water on...you look like you could use a bath."
  "I woul' like that." She left him and proceeded to a small tub in a separate room. Her clothes didnt smell but sweat and food grease covered her skin. She undid the top few buttons before pulling the dress over her head. Her nipples hardening in the cool air of the room. She stepped into the tub, the water warm, but no too hot. There she sat for what seemed like hours; rubbing her skin, a small bar of soap made by the slaves outside had no odor but got her clean.
  Footsteps approached, the door swung open and John stood in the opening. "Out of the water."
  "You says I could takes a bath."
  "I know what I said and I know what Im saying now...get out." He watched her get out reaching for her night dress which he quickly snatched from her.
  "Whats am I gonna wear to bed tonight then?"
  "We'll talk of it later," he gently shoved her against the wall, "hands on the wall, back to me." She hesitated but complied; her tight ass cheeks faced out towards him. He pulled a long whip from his coat.
  "I aint done nothin for a whip masta."
  "Eight whacks...if you scream we'll add on two more."
  "I aint done nothin..."
  "Ten then" he cut her off.
  "But..."
  "Twelve." CRACK! She winced. CRACK! Her body jerked, the pain ripping through her. CRACK! CRACK! Blood seeped through thin cuts in her back. He dropped the whip.
  "You still got a few more" she pointed out, tears rolling down her cheeks.
  "Face me!" She turned around. He approached her, burying his head in her firm breasts biting her nipples.
  "Ugh..ah!" She moaned, feeling her legs weaken. He continued and licked and bit his way down between her legs, his tongue burying itself within her. Her legs weakened and gave way; she hit the ground hard.
  "Get up!" her legs wabbled. "Get up!" he kicked her side hard and watched as she crumpled. Anger rising, he grabbed the whip from the floor. CRACK!
  "AHHH!" she screamed. CRACK!
  "Get up!" he said as he kicked her ribs again.
  "What have I-" CRACK! She bawled, tears flowing down her cheeks. CRACK!
  "Get UP!" he bellowed as his foot made hard contact with her arm. Then, without warning, he left the room. Bruised and bleeding she lay there and sobbed.
  Moments later he returned and put a rope around her neck, a leash of sorts. He began walking, dragging her behind until she was able to get up and walk. They went outside underneath a large tree. He undid his trousers, "open ur legs!" He didnt give her time to think forcing her legs, stained with her blood apart. Now he forced his manhood inside of her as he tied the rope to the tree.
  "AH!...UHG!" She moaned between bawls. 
  Now he pulled a knife from his coat pocket. A sudden move and the knife ran her through. "UGH..." he gurgled. He removed the knife, her slit now to the point of ecstasy. 
  "Goodbye Clarisa!" he said now running the knife across her exposed throat.
  No one ever knew Clarisa was killed in a barbaric way. John had made the lie that he had sold her for a hefty price and would receive the moeny in a few days time.

