Two weeks, three days, and he didn’t know how many hours. The only reason he didn’t know down to the hour or minute was because he had been really out of it.

Two weeks and four days ago, Will had gone on an away mission and had been infected with some sort of sex pollen, and now it was two weeks, three days, and however many hours since they had last had sex.

It wasn’t for a lack of trying, and it wasn’t like Wesley didn’t want to, but every time they tried, Wesley just couldn’t do it. He couldn’t do anything. He couldn’t even do anything to Will. They were both frustrated, and Wesley felt terrible, even though Will kept telling him it was okay.

Wesley sighed and turned his seat around so that he was facing Deanna. He didn’t want to talk to her because of Will, but Will had been pushing Wesley to talk to her if that was what he needed.

“Wesley, do you need to talk?”

Deanna’s voice startled him out of his thoughts. Wesley sighed again. “Yeah, but not now.”

“We can meet after the end of shift.”

“But not right after. I need to do something first.”

“Why don’t you just come by whenever you’re ready.”

Wesley nodded and turned back to his console. He really didn’t want to talk to Deanna, but he didn’t know what else to do. The sex pollen incident had obviously affected him more than he and Will had realized.

He just really didn’t like the idea of talking to anyone about his sex life with Will. Nobody needed to know what he and Will did. It didn’t matter that there were certain things that he would possibly want to try in the future, talking about his sex life was completely different. Especially with someone else who had had sex with Will.

****

After his shift ended, he walked to his and Will’s quarters, dreading what he was about to do.

He could hear Will moving around in the head. Even though Wesley had been the first one off the bridge, he had dawdled, and Will had beaten him here.

“There you are. I thought maybe you had decided to go see Deanna right after shift after all.”

Wesley sat on the couch. “No, I wanted to see you first.”

Will moved to stand in front of him. “Are you okay with this, Wes?”

“Will, I’m about to go talk to the ship’s counselor about our sex life, the person that you’ve had a relationship with, the person that you’ve had sex with.”

Will sat down next to him. “I didn’t think of it that way.”

“It’s going to be really awkward, and I hate that I have to do this, but something is the matter, and if Deanna can help, then I need to do it.”

“Yeah, I think you do.”

“I want you to go with me.”

“So I can share in your misery?”

Wesley shot him a nasty look and got up from the couch. He went to the head to relieve himself, and to splash water on his face.

He knew Will hadn’t been serious about what he had said, that he would gladly go with him to see Deanna if that was what he wanted, but he was so nervous about this, and he just didn’t want to hear Will joking about it.

Wesley walked out of the head and Will was standing there waiting for him. Wesley walked up to him and Will pulled him into a hug.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it.”

“I know.”

“This is going to be awkward for me too.”

“So you’ll go with me then?”

“You know I will.”

“Are you okay with that?”

“I really don’t want to go, but then again, neither do you. Actually,” Will pulled away just enough to look Wesley in the eye, “Deanna might not even be able to talk to you. We’ll just have to see.”

They walked side by side, brushing up against each other every so often. Wesley rang the door chime, and when Deanna called out for him to come in, he looked nervously over at Will, wishing that he could touch him out here in the corridor. Will smiled at him, and he took a deep breath in, and they both walked into Deanna’s quarters.

“Hello Wesley. Will.”

“Deanna, how are you tonight?”

Wesley knew that Deanna probably could tell Will was nervous. She and him were probably the only two people on the ship who could tell right now. Will looked as calm and sure as he always did. If Deanna did know, she didn’t say anything.

“I’m fine Will. I know you and Wesley are close, but I’m not sure it’s such a good idea for you to be here.”

“Deanna, Wes has to talk to you about his sex life.”

Wesley could feel heat begin to rise in his face.

“Well, Wesley, if it’s more comfortable for you to have Will around for that, then I suppose it’s okay.” She started to turn around, to head for the couch and the chairs so that they could talk.

“Deanna, wait. There’s something you need to know.”

Deanna turned back to face Will. Wesley could tell that Will was struggling with what he had to say. Wesley figured it couldn’t hurt to help, to make things easier on Will.

He moved closer to Will and placed a hand on his lower back. Will quickly pulled him into a hug, and Wesley wondered if it had even been a conscience thought for him. If Wesley had to guess, he would say that it probably hadn’t been. Will kissed the top of his head and whispered his gratitude into Wesley’s ear. They pulled out of the hug, but stayed touching, Will’s arm across Wesley’s shoulders, and Wesley’s arm around Will’s waist, and faced Deanna.

She was staring at them, eyes wide. Even if their touching and the kiss to the head hadn’t done it, she knew what they were feeling right now. She had probably known all along what he and Will were feeling individually, but had never considered that the feelings were for each other.

“Does Beverly know?” Her attention was focused solely on Will.

“She does.”

“And is she okay with this?”

Will snorted. “No. She seems convinced that I’m going to break Wesley’s heart, and she’s probably convinced that I’ve forced Wesley into this somehow, and that I’m some sort of monster.”

Deanna looked like she agreed. “Will, he’s just a kid.”

Wesley’s hand tightened on Will’s waist the exact moment Will’s tightened on his shoulder. They were under no illusions about how the majority of people would see their relationship. The human race was still bigoted and prejudiced. He was amazed they had survived for so long with the amount of stupidity that he still saw.

He hated the assumptions that came with seeing him and Will together. When they could finally stop hiding, they were going to have to deal with a lot of reactions like his mother’s and Deanna’s. However much he hated it, it was worse for Will. Will was the older one so he was the bad guy, and Wesley was the innocent victim.

“Deanna, can you, and will you, help him?”

Deanna didn’t say anything, so Will started to turn around. “Wait, I’ll help.”

The problem now was that Wesley felt Deanna couldn’t be completely professional about this. He felt that her assumptions about their relationship would bleed through that barrier separating professional from personal. He didn’t need Deanna unintentionally giving him bad advice because she saw him as an innocent victim, or because she was jealous. You didn’t need to be half Betazoid to sense the jealousy.

“Good. Come on, Wes. Let’s sit down.”

“No.”

“Wes?”

“Wesley, I can be professional about this. You don’t have to worry about it.”

“I’m sorry, but I don’t think you can. I don’t mean to offend you, but you’ve already made assumptions about our relationship, and I think intentionally or not, that it’s going to affect anything you say.”

With that, he turned and walked out. He could hear Will following him, and was surprised that he didn’t say anything to Deanna, not even an apology.

They stayed silent on the way back to their quarters. He wondered how mad Will would be since they had wound up telling Deanna about them for no reason.

As soon as they were back in their quarters, Wesley blurted out, “I’m sorry.”

He was surprised when Will gave him a confused look. “Sorry for what?”

“I’m sorry that we told Deanna for nothing, and I’m sorry that I said what I did to Deanna.”

Will walked to the couch and sat down. He patted the spot next to him. “Come sit with me, Wes.”

Wesley sat down next to Will and curled into him, resting his head on Will’s shoulder.

“You were right to leave. After the way she reacted, there was a good chance that she would have given you bad advice, even if it wasn’t intentional. She’s obviously made assumptions about our relationship, like so many people will when we’re no longer a secret.”

“What about what I said to Deanna? I wasn’t very nice.”

“No, you weren’t. What you said was true though.”

“She was jealous.”

“I know, but I never gave her any indication that we would start things back up, or that I still had feelings for her. That’s all her.”

Wesley snuggled more comfortably into Will. “If this is how it’s always going to be, and it is, it seems almost easier to just keep it a secret. Don’t you think?”

“Wes, do you really want to keep sneaking around?”

“No, I don’t. Do you?”

“I definitely don’t.”

“And yet here we are, sneaking around.”

Will sighed. “Yeah, here we are.” Will gave him a quick squeeze. “We should go get some food.”

They got up and walked out of their quarters, and had barely made any progress down the corridor, when Will grabbed his hand. Wesley tried to free his hand, but Will just held on tighter.

“Will, what are you doing?”

“It’s just…all that talk about secrecy. Wes, I’m tired of it. I don’t want to hide anymore. I don’t care what happens.”

“You don’t care if Picard finds out?”

“No.”

“Will, what if this ruins your chance to be captain of your own starship? Are you really willing to give that up?”

Will didn’t say anything, but Wesley didn’t need him to. His face said it all. He would give it up, and it seemed a new revelation for Will. Wesley’s breath caught in his throat. That meant that Will was willing to sacrifice pretty much anything to be with Wesley.

That couldn’t be. It was too much too soon. It was overwhelming. Wesley felt completely unworthy of that kind of love.

“Will…” He didn’t know what to say. Will still didn’t say anything, but he looked nervous, like he was going to scare Wesley off with how much he loved him, which was absolutely ridiculous.

He smiled at Will, and Will smiled back. And it was so sweet and so sincere and so…he didn’t even have a word for how happy Will looked. He just couldn’t believe it was directed at him.

He wanted to touch, he wanted to kiss, he wanted to love, but even though Will didn’t care, Wesley wasn’t ready for Will to give up everything, so he dragged Will to their quarters.

“Uh, Wes, the food is the other way.”

Wesley didn’t answer him.

He had known that Will had felt strongly about him, but he hadn’t been prepared for this. He was starting to think more clearly now that the shock had worn off. He loved Will, there was no doubt about that. He loved Will more than anything, and it was thrilling to know that Will loved him as much as he did.

They reached their quarters and Wesley dragged Will to the bed, pulling him down onto with him. He rolled Will onto his back and covered Will’s body with his own. He kissed Will, and made sure that he poured everything he felt into that kiss.

He could feel Will’s hands tugging at his shirt. He pulled away long enough to get his shirt off and then Will’s, before devouring his lips again. Will’s hand slid between them and cupped Wesley through his pants. Wesley rocked into Will’s hand.

He knew that Will was making sure that Wesley was going to be able to go through with this. Wesley had had no doubt in his mind before he had even begun dragging Will here.

He knocked Will’s hand away and moved down his body, divesting Will of his pants and then shimmying out of his own. He took Will into his mouth and began sucking in earnest.

He still remembered the first time he had done this. The taste and the smell had been so new, so overwhelming, and even though he had been good at it, according to Will, he hadn’t been sure he would ever get used to the taste or the smell. He had grown to crave it. Not as much as Will craved it, but it was still there. Even more, he loved the noises that Will made when he did this, knowing that Wesley himself was the one causing them.

“Wes, wait.”

Wesley slid his mouth off of Will and looked up at him.

“Bring your legs up here.” He patted the empty space on the bed next to him. Confused, Wesley complied anyway. Will rolled onto his side, and when Wesley was lying next to Will, Will tugged on him to move further up the bed, and Wesley got it. He scooted into position and rolled onto his side, and as he took Will back into his mouth, he could feel Will doing the same to him.

It was strangely and intensely intimate, their mouths on each other at the same time. He felt himself getting closer, so he doubled his efforts on Will, and soon they were spilling into each other’s mouths.

They lay side by side, catching their breath, and when their breathing returned to normal, Will turned himself around so that he was face to face with Wesley. He was smiling.

“Turns out talking to Deanna helped you after all.”

Wesley laughed and pulled Will to him.

“Are you gonna be okay now?”

“Yeah, I think so.”

Wesley kissed him again, and they spent the rest of the night in each other’s arms.