Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  6) Gettin' Rich!  Part: 6
of 6 Summary: ''Scooter' teaches his best friend Richie what The Duke
taught him.  Keywords: M, MM, oral, anal, ws

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  6): Gettin' Rich!

   by Arthur Kay

   A few days after The Duke had told me all about my friend Richie, how
Richie had sucked The Duke off and taken it up the ass, I was still
flabbergasted.  It was like learning that your best friend really has two
heads, but you can only see one of them.  Richie, for crissakes!



   I had never thought about Richie in any way but as a pal, but now that I
knew his little Dukie secret, he took on a different aura.  We had, as
mentioned, masturbated together while leering at my French playing cards,
and I had seen him spurt his loads many times into a paper napkin, but I
had not given it any other thought whatsoever.

   As I've said, we each didn't have a gay bone in us.  But now, the idea
of us "doing" each other had an irresistible sexual appeal to me and I made
up my mind that any fantasy I was harboring could, and would, become a
reality.  After all, I reasoned, how hard could it be to set it up?

   Richie was around my age and basic overall proportions, but I knew, and
I knew he knew, that in future years he would be the handsomer of us.  I
wasn't exactly chopped liver, but whereas he would be looked upon as
handsome, I'd be considered cute.  Which was fine with me.

   Regardless of how Richie looked, or would eventually look, he didn't,
per se, turn me on.  I didn't sit around saying to myself, "Gee!  I can't
wait to have him in my arms and plant wet kisses on those Adonis-like
lips!" Far from it.  To me at the time and, even today, he was just Richie.
Nothing more and nothing less.

   However, now that I liked cock a tad, I saw the sexual possibilities and
that turned me on.  That and the fact that I was now picturing fucking
someone.  I had to know what that was like, for I hadn't, so far anyway,
fucked anything but my fist.  Five fingered Mary.

   Like The Duke, I also had a clubhouse.  Whereas his clubhouse was in a
house, mine was in the basement of an apartment building.  My father, the
building's super, had set aside an 8' x 12' storage room for my personal
use, complete with a lockable door.  It was where Richie and I whacked off.
It was also where I raised many types of tropical fish, kept all my books,
board games, my stamp collection, and sundry other items.

   It was furnished, if you could call it that, with 6 fish tanks of
varying sizes, a large bookcase, a two-seated settee, two folding chairs,
and a table for board game playing.  If it matters, the floor was gray
painted concrete and three of the walls were wooden planks.  One wall, the
street-facing wall, was brick.  It was the only wall that had paint on it,
a pure white.  There was also a one-foot by three-foot mirror hung on the
inside of the door.

   There were only two ways to get down to the basement.  The elevator,
which was less than 20 feet from my clubhouse, and a door about 40' away.
No one ever used the door, including my father, for it was old and made a
helluva noise when opened.  Thus, I could hear anyone coming down to the
basement simply by listening for the elevator doors to open.  The only
reason any of the tenants had to venture down there was to do their
laundry. This occurred rarely because most folks had a washer and dryer in
their apartments.  Thus, I was rarely ever bothered in my private little
haven.

   Anyway, I was in my clubhouse when I heard the elevator come down.  A
moment later I heard the my secret knock: Knock, knock, knock.  Three short
raps.  Clever, eh?  I opened the door and there stood Richie, looking
bright and chipper.  "Hey, man, what's happening?" he said, sauntering in.

   I wasted no time.  "Nothing, cuz," I said jovially.  "I was just getting
ready to deal out some cards.  You want a hand?" He knew what I meant and
said, "Sure!"

   Masturbation, here we come!  I locked the door and went to get the
French deck.  When I had them and turned back around I saw he had wasted no
time, either.  He was plopped out on the settee, his shorts and underpants
down around his ankles, and his cock wobbling in his hand.  Aside from his
blue tee shirt, he was now basically naked.  Can you set the stage for a
seduction any better than this?  Yes.  Add my hardon to the stage.  OK. 
Done.

   I pulled up a folding chair and placed it about a foot closer to him
than I normally did.  I was now less than 3' away from where he sat.  If he
noticed the difference, he didn't bother to mention it.  With my back to my
chair, I slowly pulled off my shorts and underpants.  I didn't rush it
because I wanted to check his reaction.

   I watched his face.  Yep, he had glanced at my cock.  For more time than
would be considered polite, if you get my drift.  I stood there a minute or
so, my erection pointing right at his face, and made some small talk
concerning the French cards.  As I yammered away he was taking little sneak
peeks at my dick and I noticed his own cock was getting fairly erect.

   Still standing in front of him I said, "Man, oh, man, my cock is
exceptionally hot today.  Guess it's 'cause I haven't given it a yank in a
while."

   "Shit," he said.  "I haven't beaten mine in over two weeks!  Been too
busy with family crap, you know?" I nodded and said, "Wow, you must have
some load built up!" I was still standing, but now I was massaging my dick
and balls.  Right in front of him.  He was doing the same to himself.

   "Yeah," he said.  "It's gonna be a two tissue day!" I laughed.  He
laughed.  The sexual tension could be cut with a knife.  My mouth felt dry.
My legs felt wobbly.  His mouth must have felt dry, too, because he kept
running his tongue over his lips after talking.

   With trembling hands, I gave him part of the deck.  My legs got even
wobblier, so I sat down.  I didn't miss the fact that his eyes had followed
my crotch from standing to sitting.  He pulled his eyes off of me and put
them on the cards in his hands.  His free hand was now massaging his plump
cockhead as he gave the cards the once over.

   I let a minute go by and then started the ball rolling.

   "I guess, Richie, by now you know that I'm The Duke's boy, dontcha?" The
mere mention of The Duke had an electrifying effect on him.  His eyes
opened wide and he stared at me.  He looked nervous.  He stopped massaging
his cock.

   "Y . . .  Yeah, I know." was all he said, trying to compose himself.  I
felt he was ready to be led down the primrose path.

   "Tell me, Richie, how'd you find out?" A natural question, I thought, to
get things going.  He said, "Oh, I dunno, it's all around." Then he made a
mistake by saying, "Maybe The Duke spread the word, you know, for his
reputation." Talk about opening the door.

   "No, Richie, it wasn't The Duke.  Shit, he plays it real cagey and
doesn't want anyone to know.  He hasn't even told me to mow that fucked up
lawn of his for fear that someone sees me.  Nah, it wasn't The Duke." I
paused for effect.  "I know!  Maybe it was that Halverson kid.  You know,
the one who lives next door to Duke who's always poking his fat face out of
his upstairs bedroom window?"

   Richie nodded and said, "Yeah, could be him all right." I pressed
further.  It was time to take the gloves off a tad.

   "Then again, Richie, you've been to The Duke's clubhouse a few times and
no one is going around saying you're The Duke's boy.  Right?" I waited,
letting it sink in.

   "Ri . . .  ri. . .  right.  I guess it wasn't Halverson, after all." He
was sweating now.  His prick had gone limp even though he was still
fondling it.  He knew I knew and I was now ready to move in for the kill.

   "Rich, don't be embarrassed!  Duke told me all about your little visits.
It's no big deal." I paused, gauging his reaction.  "So you sucked his
cock. So what?  I did, too!  It's no big deal!  And you only did it a few
times, he's got me doing it every day, come rain or come shine."

   "Really?" He seemed greatly relieved by my "confession." I noticed that
his cock was beginning to harden up again.  Good boy, Richie.  Hang in
there with me.  We're halfway home.

   "Oh, yeah, cuz, every fucking day.  Just like old Robbie used to do for
him.  You could say I've replaced Robbie as The Duke's personal
cocksucker." I waited for this new confession to take hold.

   "Do . . .  do . . .  do you like doing it?  Like Robbie did?" He had a
full erection now.

   "Yeah.  It's different, if you know what I mean?" He nodded.  Yeah, he
sure knew what I meant!  I went on, "And it feels good, too.  Why wouldn't
it?  So I like doing it.  Didn't you like doing it?" The pregnant moment
had arrived.  Would he balk or join my team?

   "Well, kinda, I guess.  It was different.  Well, not the first time,
maybe, but . . .  " It was time to delve a little deeper with my new
teammate.

   "Yeah, me, too.  I almost upchucked the first time, though.  That
fucking Duke has a dick like a horse, doesn't he?" He nodded, so I added.
"I almost choked on the frigging thing.  Did you choke on it, too?" Again I
waited.  A short while passed before he spoke.

   "Yeah, he's fucking large, all right!  I thought I'd choke to death when
he told me to swallow all of it." Richie was opening up to me.  I laughed
and said.  "Yeah, me, too.  But I managed to do it.  Did you?"

   "Yeah, kinda.  But Duke was pissed that I couldn't take the last inch!"
Richie was getting into it now.  "But, man, it was just too fucking big! 
How'd you do it?" I grinned.  He couldn't be riper, could he?  School was
in session and I had a rapt pupil.  True, I was feeling very predatory, but
I didn't let that get in the way of anything.  I sensed that he was up for
it and it was only a matter of time.

   I told Richie how to suppress the gag reflex and that by going very
slowly, half-inch at a time, it was easy.  Richie listened with open ears
and a fascinated look on his face.  He nodded here and there as I outlined
how to deep-throat someone's dick.

   I stood up, turned sideways to him, and moved a foot closer.  My hardon
was pointing straight out.  For his benefit I forced it to twitch up and
down.  Then I pointed to a place on cock and said, "See?  When your mouth
gets to around here, that's when the cock hits the gag reflex." I quickly
checked his face.  He was staring at my erection.

   "That's the time to start going real slow." Fuck it was time to get it
on.  I turned toward him, my hard cock less than a foot from his face.  I
didn't miss the subtle fact that he hadn't instinctively pulled back.  Not
an inch.  In fact, he had actually moved forward on the settee, toward my
dick.

   God, my mouth was dry!  I licked my lips while I fondled my cock in
front of him, and said, "Well, since we're both members in the Duke's
cocksucker club, how about I show you how to do it, to take the whole
enchilada?  OK?" The ball is in your court, Richie.

   All he said, while fondling his dick, was, "OK." I knew he thought that
I was going to drop to my knees and start blowing him, while spouting
instructions, but I had other plans.  I moved in even closer to his face,
my hardon pointing directly at his lips.

   "Now, Rich," I said, pushing my cockhead to within an inch of his lips.
"Put your mouth on it and don't move forward until I tell you to.  OK?" He
looked puzzled as he looked up to me.

   "OK, I . . .  I guess," he said.  "But you are gonna do me, too, aren't
you?" He wanted to make sure the deal was going to be reciprocal.  I was
home.  Score one for me.

   "Absolutely!  But I want to teach you to take it all before you drop
your load so you don't lose your, uh, your inspiration.  Get it?" He
nodded. It made sense to him, somehow.  I, myself, had no fucking idea what
I meant, but it had worked.

   I stood there and waited for the longest minute of my life.  Then he
leaned forward and put his right hand on the base of my stiff cock.  It was
elecrifying!  I trembled immediately and let out a moan.  He leaned in more
and put his mouth on my cock's blood filled head.  Wow!  His mouth felt
fantastic.  The first mouth I'd ever felt on my cock.  It was so hot and so
wet.  But toothy, too fucking toothy.

   "Richie!  You're teeth are scraping me!  Try to hide them behind your
lips." He complied and I didn't feel his teeth at all after that.  He
continued sucking on me.



   Damn, I thought, it won't take me long to blow my nuts.  I had to
concentrate on my tropical fish to make sure I finished our little
deep-throat lesson.

   After he had gone up and down on my cock a few times, driving me wild in
the bargain, I told him to go the distance.  I must be a good teacher for
he hardly gagged at all.  On only his second attempt I could feel his nose
touch my pubic hairs.  He was breathing heavily through his nose, as I had
told him to do.  I knew I couldn't hold out much longer.  It felt just too
damn good.

   I reached out and tilted his chin up a bit.  Looking him right in the
eyes, I said, "Now, Richie, when I unload we don't want it to go straight
to your gut.  Do we?" Looking right up at me, he shook his head from side
to side on my dick.  "So, when I'm ready, you make sure that only the head
is in your mouth.  OK?" He nodded on my dick.  "Good.  Now suck it real
good, taking it all on every third up and down stroke, and when it's ready
to shoot I'll tell you and you get up to the head.  OK?" Again, he nodded
up and down on my dick, but this time adding an, "Mmm hmm."

   As he worked it, alternating with deep-throat and cockhead workings, I
told him to roll his tongue around the underside.  "That adds great
pleasure," I said, "as you'll see when it's my turn to do you." He complied
and went back to sucking me off, adding his tongue to the action.  My lips
were still dry, so I ran my tongue over them.

   I looked down at his bobbing head and I could hardly believe it was
happening.  Here he was, willingly, sucking me off.  I stole a glance in
the mirror from the door.  I had positioned it to the side of the settee
and could now see that his eyes were tightly shut.

   I tested my command voice.  "Richie!  Open your eyes!" I watched as he
obeyed.  "Good," I said.  "When your eyes are closed you miss out on seeing
what it is you're sucking on.  Understand?" I watched him nod on my dick in
the mirror.  What fun!

   I reached out and took his head in both hands.  As I deep-throat mouth
fucked him I told him to play with my balls with his other hand.  He
complied, fondling my nutsack gently and expertly.  As I sawed my cock in
and out of his hot mouth he was gurgling and making slurping sounds with
his lips.  I was alternately my view of him by looking down at him and
catching him in the mirror.  Man, it was a hot scene!  I was so hot.  Then
my moment came.

   "Now!  It's ready!  Here it comes!" He moved his mouth up to the
cockhead area, like an obedient student, and waited.  He didn't have long
to wait.  I busted out a deluge of cum.  As I moaned up a storm I heard him
moaning, too.  He was obviously liking it as much as I was.  It was obvious
to me in the mirror view.

   I counted my spurts.  Seven.  More than my usual five.  He had had a cum
bath, no lie.  I heard him audibly swallow three times and on the last
swallow he moaned loudly.  No doubt about it, Richie, like me, enjoyed
sucking on a cock.  And it's cum reward, too.

   When my last spurt was finished, I told him to keep sucking.  "Get every
drop, Richie!" He did, moving his mouth up and down my cock as it deflated
itself.  I pulled it from his mouth and sat down, drained and weak in the
knees.  He sat there just blinking and licking his lips, a stoned look on
his face.

   "You did great, Rich!  You took it all the way!  Tell me, did you enjoy
it, too?" He nodded, still blinking and licking his lips.  I noticed that
he had lost his hardon.  He finally spoke.

   "Fuck," he said, laughing a bit.  "You shot a lot!  I thought you were
gonna fucking drown me!" I laughed.  He laughed.  One cocksucker down, one
to go.  I left the chair and knelt between his knees and reached for his
cock.  As I put my hand around it, I said, "You ready for your turn?" I
asked.  "Yeah." was all he had in him to say.

   I leaned forward, but instead of taking his limp cockhead in my mouth, I
aimed my head lower and put my mouth on his balls.  He twitched in his
seat, let out a grunt and then a moan, one right after the other.  Now,
when he had been doing me, I could have told him to suck my balls, but I
didn't want to push things.  That would come later.

   I looked up at him.  "The trick is to get the balls nice and sloppy wet.
Get lots of saliva in your mouth.  Adds to the overall pleasure.  Feel
good?" He nodded and said, "Oh, yeah, man, it feels great!"

   I went back to sucking on his nuts, slopping them up real good.  His
cock twitched and started expanding, the cockhead pushing against my
tongue. Richie instinctively reached out and put his hands on my shoulders,
one on each side of my head.  As he did, he moaned and moved forward
slightly.

   It was time to suck him off.  I took his semi-erection into my mouth and
immediately deep-throated it.  I stayed with my lips glued to his pubic
hairs for a moment or two and then I travelled my wet lips and tongue up
his shaft and slathered up his plump cockhead.

   I pulled my mouth off of him.  "Good and wet!" I said.  He moaned in
agreement.  I wondered if he was thinking of The Duke just then.  His
wetter is better stuff.  What the hell, I thought, I might as well throw
that in, too.

   I said, "Remember what The Duke liked to say?  The wetter the better?"
He nodded and said, "Yeah!" He had remembered all right.  And I now knew
for sure that he had gotten Duke's dick and balls all sloppy wet, too.  And
just from his "Yeah!  I knew he had enjoyed it.

   In an effort to discover if Richie would follow all my orders, I made up
my mind, then and there, not to ask anymore.  If he was compliant it would
serve me well in future.  Now, it should be mentioned that in a fair fight,
Richie could easily kick my ass.  But I sensed that he was a giver, a
pleasurer, and being slaved a bit would appeal to him.  Besides, he had
followed all my commands thus far.

   "Stand up!" I commanded.  Without protest, he stood up, his cock now
fully erect and pointing at the ceiling.  "Now, Richie, before I suck you
off, I want you to tell me you loved sucking me off." He failed to speak,
so I threw him a harsher command.  "Say it!  Now!  How you loved sucking my
cock!"

   Looking me right in the eyes, he said, " I loved sucking your cock!"
Then he ad-libbed.  "Yeah, I guess I did!  It felt good.  Especially when
you had it all the way in.  And I did that without choking.  I even when
you spurted in my mouth.  That was good, too." OK.  We're hot now.

   "You liked the taste of my sperm, too.  Right?" He nodded and said,
"Yeah, it's strange tasting, but not bad." I decided to explore even
further.

   "Much better than The Duke's piss, right?" I waited.  I wasn't sure if
The Duke had pissed in his mouth or not, but Richie didn't know that.  He
thought for a moment and I suspected he was wondering if I knew The Duke
has pissed in his mouth.  Finally, he answered.  With a question.

   "Did The Duke piss in your mouth, too?" Case closed, I rest my case.

   "Yeah," I confessed.  "And now he does most every time.  It tastes, ha
ha, like piss, but you know, it does have an excitement to it.  Don't it?"
I waited with bated breath.

   "Yeah, it's real nasty tasting.  But you're right, it was kind of a turn
on, in a strange way.  Know what I mean?" I nodded.  Boy, did I ever.  I
decided to push things even further.

   "You feel like pissing now?" I said with the world's driest lips.  He
got my drift and said, "Yeah, I could probably piss now." Man, I knew I
could!  The trick now was to get him to go first.  I brought out my
commanding voice again.

   "Richie, you do me first and then I'll do you!  Then I'll wash it down
with some of your sperm.  On your knees, Richie!" He offered no resistance
whatsoever.  As he started to kneel I had to pinch the base of my prick to
stop it from pissing too early.  I now had to piss something fierce.  In a
moment, my cock was in his mouth.  I unpinched the base and started spuming
piss.

   The Duke had taught him well.  He swallowed rapidly and didn't spill a
drop on the gray cement.  I pissed and pissed and pissed, not holding back
at all.  He kept up royally, swallowing audibly throughout.  When I was
finished and had pulled my cock from his mouth, I saw him make a yucky
face.

   "Man, I don't think I'll ever get used to the taste!"

   "You will, Richie, just like I have.  I didn't like it at first,
either." He nodded.

   Then it was his turn to piss.  I took his now limp dick into my mouth
and waited.  Time was passing and I thought he might not be able to go, but
then he suddenly started his flow.  The warm, bitter liquid quickly filled
my mouth so I swallowed.  He too pissed like a fucking racehorse, but when
he was finished I didn't let him pull it out.  I held him firmly in my
mouth.

   I grabbed his ass cheeks, pulled him toward me, and proceeded to blowjob
him.  He got into the swing of things immediately by placing both hands on
my head.  In no time he went from semi-limp to fully hard.  His 7" plus
circumsized erection felt fantastic to my mouth and lips.  I liked how his
cockhead was shaped with a highly pronounced flanged ridge.  As my lips
bounced over the ridge I couldn't keep from moaning in pleasure and
ecstacy.

   I felt him go down my throat on one of his forward thrusts so I pulled
his ass toward me even more.  We soon had a nice rhythm going as he mouth
fucked me, deep-throating me with each inward thrust of his ass cheeks.  I
could smell the hot musk aroma emanating from his balls.  I was in
cocksucker heaven!

   We did this for five minutes or so and then he said, "I can't hold back,
man.  Here it comes!" I scooted back to his cockhead.  The head swelled up
and a second later I felt his warm juicy cum splash the back of my throat.
As he let out a deep moan, I ran my tongue side to side.  Four more solid
spurts joined the first one in the back of my mouth.  My mouth was now
totally flooded, my tongue swimming in his cum.  I swallowed with a big
gulp as he unloaded even more cum.  He was right, he had a load stored up.
A big one, for sure.

   He came so much I had to swallow four times!  When he had finished, I
vacuum sucked him for another minute or so, listening to his constant
moaning.  Man, it was great!

   I removed my mouth from his cock and stood up.  "Rich, you fucker, I
thought I was gonna drown!" He laughed.  I laughed.  Two guys just having
fun together.

   We got dressed and I showed him the new Molly and Guppy babies that had
come along in last few days.  We bullshitted idly for a bit and then it was
time for him to go home to dinner.  However, I wanted some assurance that
we would have some rematches.

   "So, Rich, you want to do this on a regular basis now, or what?" I
waited, nervously.

   "Shit yeah," he said.  "Why, didn't you really like it?" Ha ha.  Like
it? I loved it.

   "Oh, yeah, I liked it.  And I sure want to do it again.  How's tomorrow
sound?"

   All he said was, "Great by me!" Then he greatly surprised and delighted
me by adding, "And I'll try to steal a few of my old man's brewskies. 
It'll help us piss!"

   In shock, all I could say was, "Great!" He had swallowed my piss and my
cum.  And had loved it.  I knew, then and there, that getting him into
ass-pussy fucking would be a snap.

   He left and I was still hot so I jerked off, still tasting his piss and
cum in my mouth.  Shit, I didn't need no stinkin' French playing cards,
either!  I came a hearty load into my palm and licked it up.  Yummy!

   From there on we got together for sex almost every day for five plus
years.  We tried 69 quite often and managed to shoot off at the same time
more than not.  Mouth pissiing had also become a regular thing.  On our
third get together, I introduced ass-pussy fucking to the picture.  He took
to it immensely.

   Sometimes we'd take turns screwing each other, cumming in each other's
ass.  Other times I'd screw him and then give him a blowjob.  And vice
versa.  Of course, his ass wasn't virgin.  After all, The Duke had fucked
him, which was something we discussed.  Seems he had, after the initial
pain of The Duke's oversized prick, thoroughly enjoyed it.

   Sometime during the first three months, The Duke happened to see the two
of us together so he dragged our cocksucking asses to his clubhouse.  He
had us go through sexual hoops.  Richie and I 69ing.  Fucking each other.
And both of us working The Duke's cock and balls, then switching places.

   He'd ass-pussy fuck one of us and have the other guy blow the one being
fucked.  He pissed in both our mouths, individually and at the same time.
He had us piss in each other's mouths, too, while he supervised.  Many
times, The Duke would fuck one of us while that one was fucking the other.

   He also liked it when one of us fucked the other in a missionary
position on his sofa.  Duke would sit in a chair in front of the sofa and
direct.  "Fuck him harder!" "Now put your arms around him and your legs
around his back!" "Kiss each other!" Then he'd join in by putting his stiff
cock between our faces and ordering us to take turns sucking on it.  When
he'd cum he would shoot in one mouth and tell that guy to spit it back and
forth with the other guy.  While he watched.  In other words, name it and
he most likely had us do it.

   After one particularly hot session with The Duke, Richie and I ended up
sitting on the swings in the playground behind the Junior High School.  We
were all keyed up and were in no hurry to go home.  So we smoked some
cigarettes and threw the bull.  At one point in the lame conversation,
Richie said, sounding serious, "You think it's all over the school?"



   I still had the vision of what we had done with The Duke swimming around
in my head so I asked stupidly, "What's all over the school?"

   "You, me, and what we do with The Duke." Oh, I thought.

   "Nah," I said.  "We'd have sure heard something by now, dontcha think?"

   "Guess so." He didn't sound too convinced.

   "Why?" I asked.  "You worried we'll be labeled sickos?"

   "Yeah.  Kinda.  Aren't you?"

   "No, man, we are sickos, so what's to worry about?" He laughed.  I went
on.

   "I know I'm a fucking sicko, that's a given!  Christ, I keep thinking
about your fucking cock and The duke's fucking cock all the fucking time! I
was in the fucking grocery store with my Mom yesterday and got a fucking
hardon from looking at a fucking salami!" He laughed.  I then added, "And
from the fucking bananas, too!" He laughed again.  I had thrown in all the
fucking this and fucking that for comic effect.

   "Bananas?" he said.  "Shit, I'm way sicker than you are!  I was eating a
fucking banana the other day and fuck all if I didn't start to fucking suck
on it!" I now laughed.

   "You think that's fucking sick?" I threw back.  "Shit!  The other day in
fucking class I got one fucking hardon when the fucking teacher used the
word 'come!' and another when she used the word 'shoot!'" He laughed.

   I laughed and continued, "Yeah, and then, fuck all, she used the fucking
word 'prick' in a fucking sentence!  I wanted to fucking jerk off right
then and there!" He laughed.

   He asked, "How'd she use the fucking word 'prick' in a fucking
sentence?"

   "She was telling us how it was a fucking good idea to get fucking flu
shots, you know?  Well, one fucking girl yelled out that she hated fucking
needles and the teach said, 'Oh, don't worry my dear, all you'll feel is a
little prick!' Talk about being a fucking sicko, I wanted to fucking yell,
'Oh, yeah, well, I'd rather feel a big prick if it's any of your fucking
business, lady!' Now, how's that for a fucking sicko?" We both laughed.

   "Shit!  I can top that!" Richie said.  "Sometimes after one of our
fucking sessions with the fucking Duke I go home and fucking dream about
it! In fucking color, no less!  There's you, me, and fucking Duke going at
it.  It's so fucking vivid it wakes me up!  Most times with a fucking
erection.  Sometimes the fucking erection dies right away and I can go back
to fucking sleep.  Other times, the fucking dick won't die until I choke it
to fucking death!" I busted out laughing.

   I had no more examples to throw out, so I said, "Well, brother sicko,
who fucking cares?  We love doing it and can't get enough.  So what?  Fuck
'em all, anyway!"

   "Right on, cuz!" Richie said.  "Uh, tell me, since it's still early, you
up for some, uh, oral?"

   "Here?  Now?"

   "Yeah, why not?  I'm horned up a bit.  Ain't you?" I did feel stirrings.
I looked around.  Darkness was coming down, it being winter and all.  Not a
soul was in sight.  They were all home getting set to eat dinner.  In the
semi-darkness I felt Richie's hand grope my crotch.

   "What the fuck," I said.  "Whip it out, sicko!" He did and I knelt and
went down on him.  Then he went down on me.  We then went home with cum
loaded throats to have din-din with the family.  Two fucking cum-loving
sickos.

   From here on in, it was The Duke and the two of us.  The Duke even had
Richie turn tricks each weekend with the gay guys.  Sometimes, we'd be
offered as a twosome.  Many times to a pair of gay twin brothers.  And,
throughout it all, Richie and I still got together in my basement
clubhouse. Shit, we couldn't get enough hard cock!  And hot cum.

   Young and dumb and fulla cum!  Right on, sicko!

   And, In case you're wondering, yeah, it was Richie that was in the gay
fuck film with me.  But that's another story!

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  6): Gettin' Rich!





   
