Instructions
by nvsibl3

Emily finds instructions to follow for the weekend ahead.

Our dearest Emily,

These are your instructions for tonight, you know the rules and the consequences for anything less than following them completely. This is your big night, and we would hate to be disappointed. The package that these instructions were attached to contains the totality of your clothing for this evening. Undress, shower and remove any hair below your shoulders from your body. A spank shall be applied for each hair found upon inspection. Wear no makeup. Put your hair up in a ponytail.

After you put on the garter belt, stockings, shoes and collar you are to insert both vibrators and text us a full-length picture. We will acknowledge receipt by activating the vibrators. Once we do you may add the panties to your outfit. You are not to orgasm from this point forward until we tell you to.

You will then drive yourself to the Grand Hotel Downtown. Bring the box and remaining contents with you. Once you have parked on the highest level of the garage you are to carry the box with you to the elevator - the room key inside will allow you to access the top floor. You have the choice to wear the enclosed robe over your outfit or not. You will text us a selfie in the elevator to reveal your choice. If you make it to the 25th floor and room 2501 without wearing the robe you can avoid punishment. If you do cover up your beautiful body then you will apply the nipple clamps once you enter the room. Attach the center chain to the ring on your collar.

When you reach the room, you will add the wrist and ankle cuffs you will find on the table. Be certain to secure them firmly. You are then to kneel facing the room door and place the mask over your eyes. Clip the wrist cuffs together and wait for further instructions. These instructions should be fully completed no later than 8:00pm. We will be there to inspect at our leisure at any time after that.

-Your potential Mistress and Master

Emily finished reading the instructions before looking up at the clock. It was 6:45 now and the drive to the hotel was going to be about 30 minutes if she was lucky, that left her almost no time to get ready. Tossing the envelope on her table she carefully opened the package it came with. The box was lined with silk, and each scrap of fabric was folded precisely in the order that she would be putting them on, with the described toys and accessories layered within. She set the box on her bed and ran to get her shower warmed up.

Rushing through her shaving, she cursed the traffic that got her home later than usual and hoped that she did not fail this task. Did they know that she would not have enough time? She was sure that they had planned it this way, they planned everything.

As she dressed, she looked at herself in the mirror. The sheer black stockings highlighted her long legs, made even longer by the five-inch heels strapped to her feet. The red and black belt and garters framed the pale skin of her freshly shaven pussy and her heart shaped ass nicely. Her auburn hair pulled tightly into a ponytail kept her delicate neck and face unobscured as she snapped the photo to text them.

After a long minute of holding her breath in anticipation her phone chimed with an incoming text:

"You forgot the toys, that will cost you. Send the right picture."

She could hear the disappointment in the text and scolded herself for the silly mistake. Reaching into the box she pulled out the two pink vibrators that she knew would be linked to their phone. Inserting the one labeled for her ass first, then the one labelled "cunt" she retook the picture and sent it with an apology.

She watched the minutes click by on her clock as she waited for the vibrators to come to life. At 7:18 first they started to pulse within her, alternating between the two in cycles of high and low so that at least one was at a higher frequency at any time. Her phone chimed again as she pulled on the panties and fought to keep her hands away from herself.

"As punishment for the wrong photo, the vibrators will be set higher than we had planned. Do not test us again."

As she tossed her phone into the box with her ID and car keys the toys ratcheted up to a higher level, bringing a surprise squeak from her and a wobble to her legs. 7:21 - she was going to have to hurry. Running as quickly as she could in her heels, she scampered to her car and backed out of the driveway. She prayed for no delays and did her best to ignore the pulsing torment of the vibrators and their ever-changing pattern.

7:50 - Emily parked at the top of the garage and looked at the box on her passenger seat. To call the silk and lace there a robe would be generous, but she calculated the distance of the walk across the brightly lit parking deck, in full view of not only the hotel but also the office buildings across the street. Was she brave enough to walk the 150 yards or so to the elevator, bare assed and topless? She felt her nipples tighten at the thought - whether the thought of being exposed or of the clamps she wasn't sure. 7:51 - She had to decide. Fearing exposure more than the clamps she quickly wrapped the robe over her shoulders and exited her car. The interwoven lace pattern within the silk robe highlighted and teased hints of her breasts within, while also stopping just below the junction of her legs, leaving a clear gap between the tops of her stockings and its hem.

As she started her walk to the elevator the vibrators suddenly stopped. It was enough of a change that Emily paused not sure what to do next. Remembering her time limit she hustled to the elevator button. The elevator mercifully was empty when it arrived to her, and she breathed a sigh of relief as the doors closed. 7:53.

"C'mon, go faster..." Emily thought to herself, the 20 floors between the garage and her destination seeming to crawl along. At the ding announcing her arrival, the vibrators sprang back to life, both at what must have been full power, nearly knocking her to the floor. She knew she was almost out of time and moaned as she forced herself to make it down the hallway towards the room door.

Emily could feel the wetness running down the insides of her legs as she closed the door behind her and sought out the cuffs on the table. Placing the box next to them she glanced at the clock to see 7:56 turn to 7:57 and grabbed for the nipple clamps. She hissed as she attached first the right then the left to her sensitive nubs, then again as the center chain showed very little slack once attached to her collar. The tugs up and down as she secured the cuffs to her wrists and ankles, combined with the constant vibrations in her holes had Emily panting as she took her position by the door.

7:59. Pulling the blindfold over her eyes only heightened the stimulation from her other senses. The click sounds of the wrist cuffs coming together behind her back. The sting of the clamps digging into her nipples. The hum of the vibrators driving her so close to the orgasm that she knew she couldn't have. Her heart thudding in her ears, she waited for whatever was next to come.

It could have been two minutes or twenty as she writhed back and forth on the carpet between the table and the door to the suite. A bead of sweat rolled down Emily's neck as the vibrators continued to push her closer and closer to a climax. The soft carpet tickling her knees as she shifted her weight between them trying to manage the sensations assaulting her body. Emily was so caught up in her body's struggle to contain her orgasm that she almost didn't hear the door unlock and open in front of her.

Emily froze as she heard the sound of high heels approach her from the door, Mistress was here. She blinked as the blindfold was removed and her eyes readjusted to the lights in the room. Mistress was nearly close enough to kiss, staring directly into Emily's eyes.

A gentle smile brightened the gorgeous face inches away from Emily's own as Mistress spoke just barely above a whisper, "Cum."

Emily's body reacted instantaneously, a wailing "Thank you Mistress!" escaped her lips, joined by a flood of juices from her pussy. She collapsed to her side as the orgasms were extended by the relentless vibrations in her holes. Emily continued to mumbled and shriek out her thanks as her body lost itself to pleasure.

The continuous rapture became too much for Emily, she felt herself start to lose the ability to have rational thought. Before she passed out she cried out one last time, "Thank you Mistress, thank you for owning me!"

Abby stood and joined Colin in front of the still open door, knowing that Emily's cries would echo throughout the hotel floor. She kissed her husband and grinned, "This is going to be a fun weekend."

*****

Emily will have more instructions to follow in the future, but this was an idea that came to me out of the blue and I wrote it in one quick sitting. Let me know what you think in comments and votes please, it's the only way I know what's working and what isn't.
