

Keywords: MFf, ped/teen, reluc, f1st, viol Title:
Copper Flavored Lust
by Dirty Little Claudia

Author's Note:
 
This story is intended for entertainment purposes only.
None of the events in this story are actual events, no name have been changed to protect the innocent, as there are no innocent.
 
Feedback welcomed, and encouraged. Enjoy.

 
My boyfriend and I worked for a teen help line in the city. We'd had calls from just about every kind of teen imaginable. It was odd how we worked, we were young, and could relate to teens very easily.
 
One night we were enjoying a quiet evening at home, when the work line rang. The operator warned us that the girl he was patching through the line called in on the suicide prevention number, and had specifically asked to speak with one of us because she'd had a friend who had called before, and was told that we were two of the best.
 
I asked the operator to hold, and explained the situation to Mark. He agreed to take the call and turned the TV off.. He picked up the cordless, and muted the phone, while I asked the operator to patch things through.
 
A few clicks echoed back into the ear piece, and I heard a very faint sniffle.
 
"This is Valerie, what's going on tonight?" I usually started my conversations as casual as possible. I didn't want to get caught up in professional antics, and Mark agreed with me that teens needed to be spoken to using non-threatening tones and vocabulary.
 
"My name is Meagan. I am really upset."
 
"Well Meagan, we're all here to help you, why don't you tell me what's wrong?"
 
Mark listened and jotted some notes down as Meagan spoke. She couldn't have been more than 16 years old, and she continued to sniffle, trying to hide it.
 
"It's okay to cry Meagan, you don't have anything to be scared about." I reassured her, "Just tell me what's wrong, and we'll see what we can do about it."
 
"I want to kill myself." She stated it very firmly, plainly, and without much regret in her voice. It was the first thing that she said that I felt she truly meant from within her.
 
She sighed and took a deep breath. "I can't do this, I have to go."
 
"No, Meagan, please stay on the line with me, I want to make sure you're okay before we hang up.. is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable?"
 
Meagan hesitated and then started speaking softly. "I heard that you and your friend Mark sometimes talk to people like me when they have problems with their parents."
 
Mark nodded and I knew it would be okay.
 
"Yes, sometimes. Did something happen with your parents?" I asked.
 
"I can't talk about it."
 
"Yes, you can. This is your chance to talk, and for us to listen and try to help you. Do you want us to help you?"
 
She responded with "Yes" but only under her breath, and as softly as she could possibly make it. "But I'm afraid that my parents might be listening to me right now."
 
"Meagan, we have a center that you can go to if you need to talk to someone somewhere besides your own home. How far are you from Lincoln and First?"
 
"I suppose it's about a 10 minute walk." She answered aftr a few seconds, probably after calculating the blocks in her head.
 
"Would you like to meet me there?" I asked her.
 
"Alone?" She asked, "I don't know, I'm very nervous about going places at night."
 
"Would you feel better if I brought Mark, and we picked you up and took you to the center?" Mark gave me a look because we weren't supposed to offer the rides, but something inside me told me that we needed to help her. I glared back and him and he shook his head.
 
"I guess that would be okay, as long as I know it's you."
 
"I'll tell you what, I'll even bring my hotline ID with me, and you can check it out before we get in the car together."
 
It seemed to make her feel better, and she agreed. I got the address from her and Mark and I both hung up after taking her phone number. We headed out the door, and towards the outside of town where Meagan lived. Nothing could ever prepare me for what was about to happen.
 
We pulled up to Meagan's house and Mark reached over and put his hand on my leg. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do up there."
 
I gave him the 'look' smirked, and hopped out of the car. As I approached the front door, it opened, and a short blonde girl who looked like she couldn't have been more than 13 years old stepped out the front door and quickly raised her index finger to her lips. It was rather late, about 11PM when she had called, so by now it was probably getting close to midnight.
 
Meagan checked my identification, and half-smiled in a satisfactory way before clicking the door behind her and stepping in front of me. She turned around and walked backwards, watching me, and glancing up over the rain gutters to see if her parents were watching. She got in the car, and Mark drove away slowly.
 
I glanced over and noticed that he was holding the steering wheel very tight, his white knuckles standing out from the rest of his hand as he turned the necessary corners to get to the center. I smiled at Meagan in my rear mirror, and tried to make small conversations with her until we got there, but I sensed something about Mark that began to arouse me.
 
I slipped my hand onto his leg, and with his far hand, he reached over and pulled it on top of his cock. It was so hard it took everything I had to restrain myself. My heart started beating faster, my breathing pattern changed, and as I began to feel flushed, I rolled the window down and commented on what a lovely night it was. Meagan agreed.
 
We arrived at the center, and Mark took his keys to the building out. It looked like someone had just left, but the door was locked, he unlocked it, and opened it, holding the door for both Meagan and I. I walked in first, so that he could see her better.
 
Meagan had a petite figure. Her frame was small, and thin, and her breasts appeared to be developing a bit slowly. Her thighs didn't brush against one another, as she walked her hips swayed, and the fluid movements of her lower body were enough to drive anyone wild.
 
I stopped myself, and took a deep breath. 'Valerie', I told myself, 'get it together, she needs your help.'
 
As soon as Mark was inside, I noticed him watching her. She was wearing a pair of cotton shorts that hugged her curves, and an oversized shirt. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a clip and was falling loose from the top, she turned around and glanced at me, as if asking where she should go, so I pointed to a couch on the opposite side of the room.
 
I turned my body and stood in front of Mark. "You're going to have to put that thing away if you want to help this girl." I teased.
 
He just chuckled and nodded, then shook his head. "They keep getting older and older with each generation, don't they?"
 
I didn't say anything i just turned, bent over to pick something up, and 'accidentally' brushed my ass against his cock through his pants. He muttered and pushed me away, saying something under his breath about dirty sluts.
 
I giggled softly and approached the couch and looked at Meagan. She was sitting with her legs crossed, her back against the side of the couch. She was staring down as I approached and she flinched and appeared startled as I sat down next to her. I glanced down and nodded to her knees in turn.
 
"And just exactly what do you plan to do with those?" She had two razor blades one on each knee, brand new and shining.
 
"I want to slit my wrists with them." she answered.
 
"Why?"
 
"I told my mother that I had sex with my boyfriend." She started, "And to make matters worse, she forbid me to ever see him again."
 
"Your mother is just worried," I assured her. By now, Mark was sitting in an office behind Meagan, while she faced me, I glanced up and noticed him rubbing his cock through his pants, watching me. I felt very flushed... I know my face must have turned red, because Meagan asked if I was okay.
 
"So why did you tell your parents that you did that? Were you hoping they would have been supportive?"
 
"I didn't actually do it," she admitted, "I just wanted to see what my mother would say. Obviously she isn't too thrilled about the idea, but I am so tired of living in a cave. I can't do anything. Now she won't even let me go to the movies with my friends without someone there watching everything I do. And if it's not her, it's that pest of a boyfriend she has who follows me around. Did you know that one time I caught him jerking off on my mom's bed while holding a picture of me?"
 
By now her eyes were filled with tears and she was holding her head in her hands. she reached down and grabbed one razor blade. "I'm going to do it!" she growled.. and suddenly she became very angry and violent. Her fingers gripped the blade tightly and she was breathing heavier. It seemed like she was a completely different person.
 
Her dark eye liner was beginning to run down her face, and I reached out and smudged it all over. Then I grabbed her hair and looked up at Mark. My nipples were hard, and I knew that Meagan could tell also, because she kept making her stare more and more deep as she went. My nipples were tingling against my shirt, and my pussy lips were rubbing against one another.
 
I looked into her eyes and told her that she didn't need to do this. She said that she had a paper she'd written stating that she'd asked Mark and I to help her kill herself, and that if she was dead, she probably did it alone.
 
I gripped Meagan's hair harder, I could feel her pulling against me and fighting it, but I did not let up. I looked up at Mark, and noticed that his pants had been unbuttoned, and I was watching him stroke his cock right behind Meagan's back.
 
I felt like such a dirty whore standing there trying to help this girl, being so aroused by her, by my boyfriend gripping his cock and watching me, by her desperate cry for help; the entire situation gripped me from the inside out and I began to find it hard to breathe. I pushed her back down onto the couch, and straddled her legs and reached behind her and slid the blades off of her knees, holding them between my fingers. I watched her squirm, her chest starting to move up and down more steadily, and the small mounds of her developing breasts peaked by her hardened nipples.
 
She gasped and i pushed her back onto the couch.
 
"Do you really want to do this?" I asked her.
 
I glanced up to Mark, whose hand was moving a bit faster now, watching me lean over this young girl, her eyes wide. Her eyes began to well and I leaned down with my face and licked a tear from her cheek, and she whimpered.
 
"Please, let me go."
 
"But Meagan, you want to die, right?"
 
"Yes." She sounded a bit more unsure this time.
 
I held the blades in front of her, and then moved one, and brushed it against her cheek, it left a small scratch, and she began to cry more as I watched tiny beads of blood rise to the surface of her skin. She trembled roughly and began sweating, a thin glistening layer coating her forehead.
 
She arched her back as if she were trying to escape.
 
"Do you want to die a virgin?"
 
"No." She was quite adamant.
 
"Then are you sure you want to do this?"
 
"Yes."
 
"Fine." I reached down and gripped the bottom of her over-sized shirt, and pulled it over herhead quickly. Her breasts weren't too small for a bra, but she didn't wear one anyway. There were no defining lines outlining where a bra may have been earlier, her skin was smooth and pale, and she had small beauty marks, frekles and moles over her chest.
 
Meagan glanced up at me, and I could feel her fear, so I leaned down and kissed her neck right below her earlobe.
 
"It's okay, I am here for you. I will not let you come back if you don't want to"
 
She looked slightly confused. She was wondering how calling a suicide prevention line could ever lead to something like this. Who were these people anyway? And what kind of sick thoughts are running through their minds?
 
Oh, the things that could have possibly be running through her mind.. her body shivering beneath me.. and I pushed her back further, her back arched over the arm of the chair. The clip fell out of her hair and it hung free, and she jumped when she realized that Mark's hand was on his cock, rubbing it slowly, paying close attention. His chair was in the middle of a doorway of one of the side offices, and she turned her head quickly, looking at me.
 
"Something wrong, baby?" I asked.
 
"What the fuck is going on here? What kind of sick perverts are you?"
 
"Meagan, do you want to die?"
 
"I hate my life. Yes."
 
"Then let us help, we can all feel good about helping each other."
 
"Her eyes clenched, and she stretched her arms out to hold onto me. She pulled herself close and her legs unfolded. I slide off her lap and in between her legs and pulled her shorts down roughly, my nails scratching the side of her hips. Her panties were white cotton briefs, and by the time I got her shorts off, i could smell her pussy juices starting to seep from her hot cunt.
 
It felt so wrong, but so good. I couldn't stop myself. My pussy was throbbing and aching.. I had to have come at least once since this whole thing started.. my panties were completely soaked. I reached up and pulled my shirt over my head, then reached behind me, and unfastened my bra. I was wearing a white one with a pink bow on the front. She watched as my clothes fell to the floor and as she started to speak, I put my finger up to her lips, and gave her a soft "shhh."
 
I reached down and unbuttoned my pants, and lowered them. I dropped my my pink and white panties, and noticed the wet spot in them. I kicked my clothes further away, and then dropped my face between her legs. I inhaled deeply, and almost couldnt breathe. I wanted to dive in so fast, so furiously that I ravaged her pussy with my mouth, but it wasn't right yet.
 
I glanced up and noticed that she was now watching Mark, his head tilted back, the entire chair leaning and offering a more exposed view of his hard, veined cock. She whimpered and I leaned forward, spreading her tight little pussy lips with my finger tips and licked gently. She jumped slightly until I reached up with my free hand and pushed her back down onto the couch.
 
She squirmed beneath me, and before long I could feel her hips pressing into my face. My lips wrapped around her fresh virgin clit, pink and puffy, my hand wandering from one breast to the other, molesting her young tits. She felt amazing. She smelled amazing, and the way she moved against me only drove me to suck harder on her clit.
 
Her legs began to tremble, then she stiffened, and I felt a rush of warm juices flood over my chin. She was crying more freely now, unsure of how to feel about her body's consistent trembles.
 
I lifted my head for a moment, and glanced at the blade in her hand, then I took one and started runnig the flat side against her chest.. leaving very faint scratches across her chest, and teasing her nipples with the rough corners. She lifted both hands into the air and took the blade to one wrist, and begin sliding it against the length of her forearm.
 
I could feel her heart racing as I dove back between her legs, hearing Mark's groans in the background, urging me on. Then suddenly I felt something huge enter my cunt. Mark had moved and was now sitting behind me on the couch, while I was on my knees between Meagan's legs. He shoved two, then three fingers in, and I rocked back onto his hand, whimpering and feeling him fuck me with his hand. The next thing I knew, his entire fist was inside, I was so wet, sucking on this girl's clit, feeling her beneath me, shaking and trembling, in both excitement and fear. I sat up for a moment and watched her as she worked the blade slowly up her arm along the vein. I grabbed her hand and pulled her arm towards me, and ran my tongue up the cut.
 
Meagan hissed and screamed as the saliva burned her.
 
"Do the other side now, baby.. you can't leave this undone you know." I tried to sound as convincing as possible, but it was exciting me so much that I could barely contain myself.
 
She switched hands, but appeared to be having difficulty gripping the blade with her other hand, the blood slowly seeping out. She reached out and held the blade in front of my face, and I took it from her. I grabbed her hand with one arm, and bent it backwards, stretching the skin a bit, to make it easier for the cut to dig deep.
 
I pressed the blade into her skin and she started shaking. It was almost seizure like until I felt her trembling and felt a warmth spread to my knees.
 
"You fucking filfthy whore, getting off on killing yourself." Mark commented to her. She couldn't stop.. she begged me to cut the other side again.
 
I reached up and dug the blade into her creamy white flesh, and I noticed her eyes beginning to glaze over.. her hips were still shifting from side to side, as if eager to have something inside of her.. i dropped the blade onto the floor, and with one hand gripped her neck, and with the other hand, shoved 4 fingers into her tight snatch. Yes, she was a virgin, I could tell. As I pumped my fingers in and out I noticed that they too were covered in blood.
 
I felt a bit of an obstruction, and I roughly ripped past it. Meagan tried to scream, but I tightened my grip around her neck and instead, the silent tears spoke for themselves. I watched her buck. I watched her lips turn a shade of pale I thought I'd never see, and she shuddered and shook with each wave of pleasure that was delivered.
 
Mark pulled his fingers out of me, and I stood up and walked to the other side of the arm of the couch, and lifted her arms to my chest, rubbing her blood over my tits, washing my nipples in it, and feeling her try to pull back. I looked down at her and smiled, and she smiled back faintly.
 
I laid on my back and pulled her weakening body on top of mine enough that I could lick her pussy while Mark fucked me. I looked up and whisperd... "Fuck me..." and then my mouth clamped onto her clit and her body shuddered and jerked as my teeth grazed against her clit. I even reached my fingers up so that I could pull her down by her stretching hole, and reach her throbbing clit easier.
 
Mark sat up, and suddenly thrust his huge cock into me. I moaned and pulled Meagan's body onto me further. Mark watched my blood covered tits shake beneath him, and he felt my cunt grip his cock with every thrust he offered. we were all in heaven.
 
Slowly, I began to feel Meagan easing off from the struggle.. her moans and whimpers began to feel more faint, and I felt the cock within me twitch as Mark fucked his dirty whore deep, shooting string after string of hot come into my oozing snatch.
 
When I knew he was done, I quickly moved and looked for a heart beat.. faint as it was, it was there.. I pushed Mark back onto the couch and threw the phone at him, and nodded.. He knew what to do.
 
I rushed to put my clothes on, and reached under the couch, and opened a shoe box. I took some feminine wipes out and cleaned around her pussy, making sure to remove any traces of blood, and then slid her shorts back on.
 
Mark had explained to the police that he and I had gone to have a discussion about how to handle the situation and when we came back, the girl was bloody and lying on the couch.
 
I slid her shirt back on over her head, taking careful note to stretch the sleeves, and smear blood in appropriate places. Mark gathered his pants, and zipped them up, I could still feel his come oozing from within me when the ambulance pulled up in front of the building. The paramedics stood outside banging on the door, and Mark rushed to unlock the door. He explained that he locked it to prevent Meagan from leaving while he and I were having our meeting.
 
Meagan's body was thrown onto a gourney, and they began performing cpr on her. She wasn't breathing but her heart was still beating, albeit faintly. They provided oxygen, and they rolled her unconcious body to the ambulance.
 
Mark and I stood next to each other, my hand inside of his and he squeezed it tight. I felt the juices oozing down my leg inside of my pants, and I squirmed and turned my face and burried it into his chest.
 
The next day we visited Meagan in the hospital. She had explained to her doctors that she didn't remember much of what happened, and that if they had any questions, that Mark and I could probably answer them better.
 
While we were visiting, the doctor came in, and glanced to the bed, then to Mark and I, and nodded. He stated that he'd heard that Mark and I had saved Meagan's life. I glanced over to Meagan, now concious, just extremely tired, her back was flat against the bed, and there were signs of her nipples beginning to harden as her eyes locked on me.
 
"Yes, Doctor," she said tiredly, "Valerie and Mark are life savers.. if it weren't for them, I wouldn't be here."
 
"Sounds to me like you are a very lucky young lady.. perhaps we can make arrangements for some private counseling while you're here at the hospital."
 
I looked at Mark and then at the doctor. "We work together, Doctor, and we'd be glad to help in any way possible."
 
Meagan smiled and closed her eyes as if remembering. Her head tilted back slightly and I returned my glance to the doctor, who simply replied, "Perhaps we should wait until the wounds heal, by then her medication should be stable, and she will be permitted unsupervised visits. It may be more comfortable for her to discuss things with you in private."
 
I nodded, and smiled. Mark and I spent the day at Meagan's side, I brushed her hair, and we watched some television, and we told her we'd be back to visit in a couple of weeks.
 