The Show
by Necessary_Fantasy

Old flames. Camping trip and freedom.

Have you ever noticed how much softer girls clothes are, compared to boys?

I ponder this question while I fondle her underwear that she had dropped in my pocket.

At this stage I'm at home with my mind running wild. Im again recently single and just landed a new job. A change of career has done me good. I now sell camper trailers and caravans.... But the company does have a range of off road products which came about through my suggestion to the bosses.

Needless to say, my job is benefiting from my passion of off road. That's what brought me to today.

I was attending a camping caravan and outdoors show and showing people through our vans. 1 of which a popular choice for young and family's or others who just like a bit more room.

I had recognised a face in the crowd earlier, a female face, but when I looked back she was gone. I knew who it was and hoped she would come back this way.......

I again busied myself with cleaning of our area, cleaning all the finger prints from the constant flow of the public.

I was in the bedroom of one of our larger Hybrid camper trailers, removing all the wrinkles from the bed, I turn around and was caught in my tracks, I stood face to face with her. We exchanged no words, just a smile each as she briefly lifted her skirt to drop her panties to the ground. With one swift move of her leg, they were in her hand then my pocket, giving me a caressing rub at the same time. Then in the blink of an eye and release of a deep breath. She turned and walked out.

I did alway remember her to be mischievous. She had a great mind and playful games were never out of the question.

I guess that brings me to now. I tried to track her through Facebook. It had been years and I knew she had gotten married.

I sit back and through frustration, toss the panties back, to cover my eyes. I could smell the perfume she had been wearing that day. But it was then I realised the small dark written hidden by the dark navy colour. A phone number? Perhaps just her name?

Lifting it off my face I noticed 2 numbers. 04. Clearly the beginning of a phone number.

I laughed out loud. It's just like her to give me a brain teaser. The smell of her perfume through the air as I search for more numbers to complete the phone number. I wrote them all down and tried to deduce the Out laid numbers into what could be hers, I jumbled and remixed until my phone went off. It was a message on messenger. Her!

Simple words, what's taking so long?

I took a photo of my work, after sending it off. i was met with a laughing emoji.

I had a bunch of phone numbers that use the same numbers but in any order. At least they were set in pairs.

A clue was sent. Favourite is last.........

What could that mean? I pick up the sweet smelling cotton G string trimmed with lace. I noticed the 04 was on the upper band and the last 2 digits would have to be on the part that covered her peach.

I set back to work, writing a number then sending off a text. A return soon followed, now I know your preference with a kiss emoji.

Before long she called, we spoke what seemed like an hour was actually 4 and by this time it was 230 am.

Learning she, not unlike myself is a single parent but she is making the best of it all.

We speak now just about every day. Then one day out of the blue, a weekend that I had planned a solo camping trip, she asked asked if I wanted to meet up. I spoke of my plans and she asked about destinations and gave subtle hints that she wouldn't mind coming along.........

I asked if she wanted to come along. I described an area I like to frequent. A stream running between some sheer cliffs, a rocky beach front leading to a green grass area where I set up. The stream had deep areas where I often skinny dipped. This was not a designated camp area and the track is rarely used, a thoroughfare for local property owners. But most find the main road easier.

With the summer approaching, days are quite warm, if not hot. Nights can be quite chilly and warm nights are few and far between. I had also informed that generally I bathe by swimming in the river. That way the water I carry in can be used for cooking or drinking.

We met up before leaving on our 4 day weekend. We made it an informal catch up by the sea side.

As long as she had known me in the past, my car was never hard to spot, with all the off road modifications. I wasn't long before i heard I knock at my window while I sat playing with my phone.

She peered back at me through the window. Her hair long and brown but as I had always remembered it. In fact she looked just as she did all thoughts years ago when she was 18. When we 1st met. Although age had played its part, she still looked just as she had always.

Jumping out, I took in the sight of her. A cool evening so she adorned jean paired with healed boots which made her long legs look extra long. Her creamy white knitted top pulled tight around her body allowing the hint of her bra. Aqua-ish in colour and the way the, sat I'd say shelf bra. But I'm no expert.

The way she looked back at me I would have sworn she was trying to work out how to pick my jaw off the ground.

Realising, this is the 1st time we had ever hung out while both single. We may finally get a chance to take this further. I mean I know she was thinking about it. She had gotten my attention by putting her panties in my pocket.

We started walking side by side. Before long we were holding hards reminiscing of ventures past.

We sat after walking as far as we could along the foreshore before turning back. Leaning in for a cuddle on my arm, seemed more like to feel my body heat. This ocean breeze had turned chilly now. So I gave her my jacket.

We spoke of our up coming trip, what conditions may be like, what I keep in my camper and what meals she may like me to cook.

Well the night was a success. My lingering feelings had turned into a blown out reignited crush. That outfit..... wow. Her long hair that just seemed to stream down her back. Words just don't give how I perceive what I'm seeing justice.

The camping trip.........

We met at her place. On the Friday. Picking her up before heading on to my secret spot. She stepped out as soon as I pulled up. Almost like she had been waiting at the door like a coiled spring ready to pounce.

Stepping towards me, her legs didn't look any shorter in her flip flops. Hair although partly pulled back into a ponytail still covering most of her back. A short skirt coving half of her thigh and a plain white T shirt stretched over her ample chest. Again I could see the colour of her bra. This time a Maroon colour. Still trying took keep my gaze on her face, but I know I was slipping. When I pulled my self to look up she would give me an innocent smile.

I packed her things in the car, we headed off through the rain on the 1st day. But the weather cleared as we had headed through the property. I make it a habit to stop into the homestead. Jacks wife is always so lovely. She also lets me know the conditions of the property and this day she told me it was wet. But hoped not too wet as they had only had 5mm in the last 24hrs but in the last week they have had near 70mm. Which meant the rivers were up and ground soft. Jack, the property owner was about and had his sat phone on him if need be.

We head on down the road, light sprays of Mud flicking out from each of the 6 wheel arches, covering the car in a predictable rhythm across each side and up the back.

I can't say I wasn't enjoying watching her legs bump around in that little piece of denim she called a skirt. Not the only thing I was watching as we knocked and weaved down the dirt track.

As her skirt had almost ridden it's way up to where I was hoping to it to get to, we arrived at our destination. There was a small inconspicuous track heading off to the right towards the stream, it flicks and weaves its way down and through the river for about 1km so well away from Jacks track through his property. At one point the car listed to the right, leaning her towards me, spreading her legs to balance herself. Enough to make me speechless.

I pull up and level the trailer. Amid conversation we both stood back and take in the sights of spotted sunlight breaking through the clouds and twinkling on the drying leaves and enlightening the surface of the water. Such a beautiful site.

Pulling out a chair and a drink, I urged her to sit and relax while I set about making camp.

My fire pit was still here, it looked like no one had camped since I was here 2 months ago.

Camp was ready and now, grabbing a couple drinks each and 1 more for catch up for me. We walked down stream after I had shown her the area via GPS. She realised how remote we really are, having left the homestead to the nearest property an hour before arriving at our destination.

The humidity rose as we stumbled our way down stream through the rocky creek. Cool water only offering minimal relief from the heat the sun was now pushing down on us. It was 3 pm but with daylight savings time now upon us it may as well been 2 pm which is the hottest part of the day.

Around the bend, a deep swimming hole. Accompanied by a waterfall from another feeder creek, it wasn't a large waterfall standing only about 2 and a half meters tall, it was at least 3m wide but judging by the rocks it could double that in the wetter seasons. Just behind the water is a cave with large rocks you can sit on with an area you could comfortably sit and have a refreshing shower from the fall. The cave hidden away from from the world with what I like to call, a curtain of water. I was certain no one knew this place even existed. Well, in 10 minutes there will now be 2 people that know.

We climbed our way through the boulder section. The sun had heat the rocks up already, just warm enough to give us goosebumps after the cool dip up to our waists in the hole where the boulders had damned the water from flowing.

Amidst our laughter from our ramblings, I kept casting my eyes on the way her wet clothes clung to her body. Hoping not to be caught, I progressively kept my gaze a little longer and longer. That was until of cause I noticed her bra was falling lower and lower through her wet sheer white shirt. One of my longer gazes was met with a knowing smile once my attention went to her face, but then I realised we were at our destination. Well almost. Just 1 more rock to climb. But I could hear the cascading falls and tweeting of the birds in hunt of the fish caught in the deeper pools of this cavern.

I pointed out a large flat rock lit by the sun of an afternoon that allows a dive of about a meter and a half. Not a large dive by any feet. But enough to enjoy it.

I set up a couple of towels I'd carried in my backpack, I set about setting some yabbie traps. she took the opportunity in my distraction to remove some garments of clothes that I may not have noticed if it wasn't for the cling factor of wet clothes.

On returning back to the towels, I noticed she had already jumped in. That was good for me as the beads of sweat from the humidity were running down.

In I went, splash. Then beckoning her to follow me across to the falls which I showed her the hidden room.

It was lighter in there, then you may think. It was just cool enough for her nipples to poke through her wet top, leaving only the tender feel of them to my imagination.

The cave was not as loud as one would imagine either, we able to talk to each other comfortably. It was then! Mid conversation when I found the guts to finally kiss her. Hidden away by the worlds distractions. But a kiss is not where it stopped and it was her to make the next move by removing her top.

With a Gulp I swallowed. My shirt was already off and I didn't want to seem too keen by taking them off without being directed so I just kissed her again, my lips and tongue dancing on hers and down the sides of her neck. Meeting up with my fingers that were creating goosebumps on her nipples. I dashed from each side, before she thrust herself on the lump in my pants fleetingly before stepping out.

I remained in the cave, catching my breath and beating myself up thinking I'd ruined everything. I stayed there for at least 2 minutes waiting for my driftwood to pass before stepping out to find her laying on a towel completely naked. I found myself jealous of the sun touching her body.

No longer was I worried about hiding my excitement. I just wanted to join her........

Half way across I wondered. If I should. If she wanted me naked then why didn't she push forward in the cave.

I guys this is why I missed so many opportunities with her in the days gone by. I decided I should just go with it.

She looked up at me through the top of her glasses and hissed, what you still have you pants on......

I faked a spout of confidence and said......

"Oh yeah, hunny you have to work for that.!" Giving off a laugh. As I removed the remainder of my clothing as well.

Placing my head just near hers as I caught her looking now. She tried to hide it with a kiss.

We spend the afternoon naked, swimming and teasing each other. Time had run away with the trip and the feeling of being 18 again.

I gathered the yabbies I had caught as she packed our things. She put her skirt back on but left her towel draped around her neck to cover the rest.

Arriving back at camp, I lit the fire and and set about cooking. Declining to try the yabbies as she doesn't eat prawns.

We set about eating garlic scotch fillet with fried broccolini and carrots. Down by the fire. I was still naked but my good friend is now wearing a blue and red flannelette shirt but with only the lower buttons done.

By this stage, I'm definitely feeling the affects of the day. Long drive, humidity of the walk, being so turned on for so long, not to mention the countless drinks I consumed.

I feel sure she is feeling the heat like myself. So about an hour after dinner we wandered down to the stream. At this point it is only 200mm deep. Just deep enough to lay back and have your body covered and easily keep your head out.

We lay on our backs soaking in the warmth and coolness of the water. Again with a swift movement I kissed her, a soft kiss with intent. The current of the water flicking touching and assisting my goal. Arching her back, letting the surface of the water bubble around her sensitive nipples with a kiss from the warm air. The feeling of my tip floating at her, she grabbed me and pulled me close. With a catch of our breath and the heaving of our desires we for-filled a 20 year dream of mine.

We slept by the stream that night wrapped in each other, accompanied by the heat of the fire.

The next day.

After breakfast, we decided to just chill around camp, well at least for the morning. So she disappeared into the camper, just to emerge wearing a pleated tartan skirt and a white strapless top.

Oh wait till I tell you about this day!

