The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 20

A New Kitten

I awakened at the bottom of a human pile. Andy was crushed against one side, her mass
of blonde hair over my face inhibiting my breathing, her head over my arm. Tinker Bell
was jammed against me on the other side.  Sometime in the night, Mary had rolled over
Tink and me, crushing Tink into the bed, placing her head next to mine on the pillow.
Mary's fingers were wrapped around my cock.  As I tried to disengage us, I got moans
and mumbled complaints as they struggled to move in their sleepy conditions. Tink was
grumbling she was paralyzed, but I knew Mary's weight had made her lower body
become numb and she would be fine in a few minutes. Finally, I got out of bed.  

When I returned from the bathroom, Tink and Mary were gone. I heard china rattling in
the kitchen and hoped coffee was on its way. Andy was now on her back, arms and legs
splayed in a spread-eagle.  I crawled between her legs, laying prone with my head in her
crotch. 

Gently, I began to lap her pussy with my tongue, letting it touch her clit on each stroke.  I
heard a tiny moan. I felt her legs twitch. Her delicious, sweet, hairless pussy gave off that
musk smell. I slipped my arms under her legs and moved up the bed, bringing her legs
up and open, trapped against the inside of my elbows.  She shivered and her eyes
fluttered as she tried to focus. 

"Oh, Davy," she whispered as her hands found my cock and guided me to her pussy. I
felt her open her lips for me and move her hips to let me slide in.  "Quite, little kitten," I
said.  She began to purr as I slowly fucked her.  I took my time, letting us build together.
She was growling and sweaty as her legs tightened when she orgasmed.  I let myself join
her.  She locked her legs around me, not letting me escape as I softened in her with our
juices oozing out of her around my cock.

"That was beautiful," Tink said with a sniffle.  She was standing beside the bed watching
us.  How long she had been there, I did not know.  I do know the coffee she brought was
perfect drinking temperature. 

After a huge, hearty breakfast, Tink offered to teach Andy some new skills on the slopes. 
They left together, happy and eager to begin their skiing.  Mary and I cleaned up,
dressed, grabbed our skis and walked to the lifts. We got in line to take the gondola to
mid-Vail, which is half way up Vail Mountain and the starting point for all the lifts to the
top and the bowls in back.   

The ski area was packed with tourists which was to be expected since this was one of the
busiest days of the year.  Often, Vail residents do not ski when the place is congested but
I liked the crowds. They were festive, talking and jostling, as they waited their turn to ride
up the mountain to ski.  

Then,  I saw her. 

"You are drooling," Mary said with a laugh.  I felt her finger wipe away the spittle on my
chin. I blushed and she giggled, giving me a kiss on the cheek. "What is there about her,
Davy?  Why does a man who has all the women he wants react to her like that?"  

It was a legitimate question. Why does a man who has two very desirable, totally
submissive, wild, wonderful, sexual woman programmed for his every need, find and
fuck three others yesterday and now drool over another woman, even a woman so well
known?  I don't know everything.  But, I knew I wanted her.

"Want to meet her?"

"What?"

"Do you want to meet her?"

"Of course."

"She is a kitten."

That took a minute to sink in.  I was not sure I had heard her correctly.  

"What did you say?"

"She is a kitten.  They all are."

"Mary, quit being cryptic. What are you trying to say?"  My voice was sharp but my cock
was controlling it and he, as always, felt a natural urgency.

"All of the women on her TV show have been programmed by Bert. They are all kittens."

She had a laughing expression on her face like a mother explaining something
humorous to a not-to-bright child. 

"Let me ask a question so I am sure I understand what you said.  She and all the other
women on Baywatch have been programmed to be kittens?  All I have to do is ask my
questions and she will go to bed with me?"

"Yes."

"Are you kidding me?"

"No."

Okay, so I was not sounding too bright but I certainly had not expected this.  

"Please explain."

"Bert wanted to have sex with a lot of women.  He knew it would be difficult to find them
one by one. So, he often took them in groups.  He did all the Baywatch women in one
day. Of course, he had to go back a few times when they had cast changes but he got
them all."

She waited as I stood dumb, thinking about all those glorious creatures naked with me. 
My mind was whirring with visions of them all running towards me, shedding those red
swim suits as they ran. My cock was a tree desperate to be planted.

"Also, he did the same thing with some other shows."

"Other shows?"

"Yes. Friends, Melrose Place, Savannah, ER, some of the soaps.  He tried to get the
casts from all the Aaron Spelling shows.  Come on.  I will introduce you."  

"You know her?"

"I was there when she was programmed.  I guess I forgot to tell you but they are
programmed to accept me as a friend so I can get past security and introduce you. 
Well? Do you want to meet her?"  

I will not tell you her name although I will give you a clue which is clearly hidden in this
sentence.  I will call her Eve.  Eve smiled at Mary when she saw her, motioning Mary to
her. "Let me introduce Dave Wilson, Eve," Mary said.  Eve gave me that smile which
melts the hearts and hardens the cocks of a billion men worldwide, week after week.  I
almost got lost in those blue eyes.   

Eve and I rode side by side in a two-person chair lift up the mountain.  By the time we
reached the top, she was programmed just like I wanted her.  We excused ourselves,
took half an hour to ski to the bottom and went to my place.  I threw a few Aspen logs on
the fire and made some hot cocoa.  We sat on the sheepskin rugs and got to know each
other.  

She knew why she was there, but she was in no hurry and neither was I. Time is an ally
of good sex.  I wanted to relish the part before the foreplay. We inched closer to one
another. We guys talk about tits and ass but it is the face which really tells a woman's
story.  Using her face and voice and body language, she was seducing me.  Of course, I
was not resisting but she was magnificent as she varied the message, gradually
intensifying, until I kissed her.  Her lips were hot, her tongue active, just like you
imagined. 

I will not describe her body.  You have seen it many times scantily encased in a red swim
suit as she bounced in slow motion across the screen.  In real life it was even better, her
skin soft and smooth, the muscle toned and firm, the textures rich and varied. Leisurely,
we undressed each other, taking our time. 

She took my hand, kissing the palm and then placed it over her breast, her fingers
pressing mine into the softness, the nipple hard against the spot on my palm blessed
with her lips a moment before.  Always her face, her eyes, held and enthralled me. We
eased down until we were prone, me looking down at her.  We continued our mutual
exploration.  When I slipped her pink panties down her wide and flaring hips, she licked
her lips in anticipation. 

She was hot and eager.  She was a talker, little sounds constantly emitted in a stream of
aural ecstasy.  "Yes, please, oh, oh, so good, yes, come on, more, harder, yes, yes."  It
never stopped. Eyes closed, head back, hair like a silken cloth around her head, she
talked until she orgasmed, her pussy tight around my cock as she whimpered. 

I did not know if it was programming, or acting, or what.  I did not care.  She was as good
as I had imagined.  I know your imagination works as well as mine so close your eyes
and let it go.   

We made love, then fucked like two wildcats in an alley, then made love again.  We were
resting, my head on her breast, legs entwined, her arm around me, when I heard a
sound. Eve's eyes popped open and she gasped as she tried to pull the comforter to
cover herself.  I looked up to see Andy, who had a pen and paper in her hand, standing
over us with a star-struck expression.

"Miss Bleeth, may I please have your autograph?"

She began to laugh, a rich, hearty, sexy laugh.

So, now you know who she was. But, you had guessed from my clue, hadn't you?


To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com


