

First Dare
by Jessie

It’s All her fault, she made me do it!
My ex–gf did it. Let me start over...
Susie and I were at home one beautiful Saturday morning. We had just had breakfast and had cleaned up. Susie kept lookin at me and smiling. I knew Susie had something in mind.
“Jess..” she says “why don’t we walk to the park today?”
“Sure” I say, longing to just be with her in a most comforting way. I always felt safe with her. I trusted her with anything and everything.
“Only one thing” she said. “You have to let me choose what you wear!”
“No problem” I said confidently, I didn’t have any outrageous clothes. Most of my clothes was very conservative.
“Great!” she chimed then ran to the back rooms.
”YES!” I here from the back room. “Jess get back here!” she yells.
As I enter the room she’s holding HER blouse and HER tiny denim skirt!!!
“OMG!, WAIT those aren’t mine!” I stammer.
“Yours are too humdrum” Susie states. “Get undressed and put these on!” she demands. I pull my sweatpants and t–shirt off then reach for the blouse.
“Hey! I said get undressed” she says.
“What?” I said. My heart thumped rising to my throat. “I am!”
“No, I want you naked now! You promised I may dress you, and I am!”
“But you don’t have any undies out!” I shrieked.
“I know” was all Susie said.
I just stood there. Mouth agape and shocked. Susie walks around and behind me and pulls my panties down. I feel the draft. I don’t move... mostly from shock but also from the familiar feel of her heat next to mine.

She unfastens my bra and steps around me and slowly pulls the bra from my arms. She kisses my cheek and looks at me with a twinkle in her eye. She squats just inches from my sex to pull off my panties from around my feet. “Good no stubble showing yet” she states with a chuckle.
When she stands moves to one side thats when I see myself fully in the mirror.
I’m completely naked... in broad daylite. I get a chill that runs completely through my body as I squat to hide myself. Suddenly I feel heat at my sex and how hard my nipples are poking out. Susie comes to me giggling and pulls my arms away from my body as she pulls me back to a semi–standing position. She holds me in the familiar embrace kissing me deeply. “We did have fun last night removing all that stubble? didn’t we Jess?” as she slid her hand down to my now hairless sex.
“Mmmm!” is all I manage to say.
“Oohh and look who wants to come out and play!” she chuckled.
Next, she grabs the blouse she set out for me and holds it out for me to put on.
“Sue!... I can’t go out like this.. without undies!!!” I plead. “You have to!” she demanded as she step over to grab the skirt she had out. I put them on quickly. Hoping that Susie doesn’t get angry with me for stalling... as well as fearing someone may see me in all my glory.


My First Dare Part II

"Susie! look!"
She turns to look at me and smiles. "Wow"
The skirt did not quite cover my butt. As i looked in the mirror u could see the crease of my thigh to my butt.
"Susie... please!..... Don't make me wear this!"
She just smiled and started undressing. Off came her sweats, off came her top! She then sat on her bed and crossed her legs to pull her socks off. I could see she was also getting excited. her box glistened with moisture. After she pulled her socks off she strode to the closet n pulls off a hanger a light sun dress. Pretty pink flowers with green vines on a yellow background. It really brought out her hazel eye color. She stepped into some white flip-flops and turned towards me.
God she was hot!
She caught me speechless just staring at her and lost in her eyes.
Next thing I know we are walking out our door. Somehow I had managed to slide into some sandals I had handy and trailing behind her like a punish child. Though I was enjoying the view of her ahead of me I couldn't quite comprehend what was happening.
Until we get to the end of the block. Susie had to stop. The light was red and traffic was keeping her from crossing.
I remember hearing honks and whistles for Susie as we crossed to the park.
"Hey baby! come over here!" a guy yelled. "Nice ass another yelled"
I looked at Susie still ahead of me and agreed with him as I trailed behind her.
Suddenly Susie stops. She turns and snickers. She puts her hands on my waist and says. "Sweety.. you need to be careful this skirt will ride up on you." and pulls my skirt down a bit.
"What?" is all I manage to say.
"You were mooning people sweety!"
My jaw drops. Suddenly I remembered.... I looked down at myself... "Oh Shi...!" and feel myself turn a bright red!
Susie just laughs and continues to pull me along.
We continue walking though Susie does slow down a bit. I keep pulling at mu skirt now feeling the breeze though my legs. The roughness of the blouse rubbing my nipples. I can't stop the butterflies fluttering in my belly as i trickle of excitement streams through me. "OMG.. I'm practically naked out here!" I think to myself.
Now I see all the people in the park. Joggers, guys playing ball, couples walking hand in hand, and guys n girls sunning on the grass.
"Where are we going?" I ask Susie.
"Just a bit further she states.
After about another 300 ft she stops and points. "There!" she says.
out by the deserted volleyball nets and empty tennis courts is a public bathroom. No doors but the entrance was a Labyrinth style. Around the back were tall trees with a half wall circling the structure.
She led me around the side to the womens side and into the room. It was empty of course. The facility was fairly clean though the mirrors were of no use.
Floor was concrete with cinder block walls.
"This is our safe zone" Susie said. "No one comes in here and you can come back here if you feel you need to."
She then pulled me back outside and told me to side on the half wall.
"Susie... but people can see up this skirt if I do that!" I exclaimed.
She just stood there and looked at me.
I tried to get up but couldn't get myself up there.
She grabbed me by my waist and helped me up while in the process also slightly pulling the skirt up!
I could see my box exposed and put my hands between my legs. Fingers slipped in just enough to get the tips wet and send a shiver down my back.
She laughed and helped me back down off the ledge. She then grabbed my hand and led me back into the bathroom. She pulled me unto one of the stalls and pushed me back to the door.
She said "Don't touch just watch"
She was undressing right in front of me. Off came her sun-dress. off came her sandals. There stood a beautiful woman smooth in all the right places.
She said "You being dressed like that has done this to me... now you have to watch me and don't touch yourself!"
Down went her left hand to her smooth hairless crotch. her right hand grabbed and pulled on her right nipple then her left. she pulls her nipple to her mouth to bit and suck on it while her left hand feverishly rubs her crotch. Her right hand pulls and tugs at her right breast.
"You are one sexy looking bitch... don't you know what you do to people?" she moans.
"God! you don't know how many times you make me do this when you hide that body of yours from me!" she grunts.
"OMG!... OMG!....OMG!" I think to myself. "It can't be me she is talking about!"
"MMMMM!...MMMM!" her moaning grows louder.
I hope no one is nearby to hear her.
I was getting so wet just watching her.. and I started pulling my skirt up.
"Don't you dare touch yourself! Jessie!... this is all you fault! Now stand there and watch! Take it just like you make me take you hiding from the world in those clothes you wear!"
On she went rubbing herself with a frenzy.
This went on for about another 10 minutes... though it felt like hours.... frustration was building in me wanting release.
Finally she came with a grunting moan and a look of shock on her face.
She grabs some toilet paper from the roll, wraps a wad around her hand and wipes herself. All the while watching me from the corner of her eye making sure I didn't touch myself.
She grabs her sun dress and hangs it over her shoulder. Then gets more paper, wraps it around her hand once more and wipes my inner thigh.
"Looks like now you know how I feel when you tease me!" she says.
"Aren't you gonna put your dress on?" I ask.
"Only if you go with me as you'r dressed to the fountain and have lunch with me, and you not allowed to cross your legs." she says.
"No thanks" I said "I'm not hungry and I've had quite a day already."
She says "Fine" and walks out the bathroom stark naked. I grab her sandals and run after her.
I reach her as she starts walking to the path. A couple of teenage boys were passing and looked at her with a stunned look on there face.
"OK.. OK, I promise" I said.
