Unbalance
byCiel©

The bus was packed.

No free seat would have been alright, but there was practically no free air inside. It was full of people sweating and bumping each others at every street corner. The worst part was the driver who seemed totally devoid of logic, a thing that would've allowed him to figure that "crowded bus + speed" isn't such a good combination.

Standing in the middle of that giant oven, Sam and Jill were trying their best not to fall. It was easier for Sam since his back was pressed on a pole, but his sister was really starting to lose balance. Even if she could somewhat steady herself by grabbing her sibling's shirt, she was constantly bumped by the most big-butted woman she had ever seen. Jill guessed that, by the way the woman didn't even flinch each time her huge bottom collided with force on her poor back, she was totally oblivious to her situation. There wasn't much she could have done anyway with the way that moron was driving.

Speaking of the devil, he took another corner as if he was actually piloting a sports car (and he probably was, in his head) which resulted in a massive bump from the woman's butt. This was too much for Jill who started falling forward with a small yelp.

Sam, who was lost in his thoughts until then, got startled at the sight of his sister falling on him and tried to catch her the best he could. Unfortunately, the best he could was by getting a tight grip on her firm butt. Of course, since she had to wear a skirt on that hot day, Sam's hands were feeling the soft fabric of his sister's panties and, at the boy's horror, a good part of her ass cheeks. It didn't help that she exhaled loudly on his ear which made the whole situation all the more confusing.

A jolt ran through Jill's body when she felt her brother's hands on her butt, a sensation she had only experienced on a few nights. She couldn't repress a loud sigh when she recognized the feeling and it was too late when she realized that her mouth was right on Sam's ear.

The boy tried to quickly jerk his hands off his sister but the bus suddenly jumped, passing way too fast on a speed bump. Sam's reflexes got the best of him and he grabbed his sister's ass even tighter, even feeling the sides of her pussy with his forefingers.

When Jill felt her brother's fingers brushing her girlhood, she sighed once again in his ear, grabbing his shoulders to retrieve her balance. It had been a while since she had taken care of herself and she didn't know that it would feel so much stronger at someone else's touch.

That was too much for Sam who sensed his dick growing in his pants when he felt his sister's warm breath for the second time. He finally withdrew his hands from his sister's ass but it was already too late, his cock was now fully erect and it demanded attention.

Jill was too busy with her own body's sensations to notice the lump growing against her thigh. She tried to recollect herself while backing off her brother now that his hands weren't preventing her. Little did she know that the large woman, too happy to notice the free room behind her, had taken a few steps back. Jill bumped again on the large romp and fell once more on her brother. Only this time, she tried to regain her balance by spreading her legs.

The poor Sam didn't know what was worse, feeling his sister's chest pressed on his own or feeling her crotch landing right on his already hard dick. He quickly tried to push her off, which resulted in her being bounced back on him by the woman's bottom.

"Stop it! It's no use!", Jill hissed in his ear.

This time she had noticed the hard thing pressed on her mound and, even if the massive surge of pleasure she received then prevented her to realize it was her brother's hard member, she knew better than getting pushed off on it again.

The bus' movements weren't helping the situation at all, and Sam was starting to enjoy the feeling more than he wanted to. He tried to prevent her from moving too much by grabbing her waist, barely resisting the desire to press her hot body harder on his own.

His hands once again touching her, Jill was starting to feel light-headed. She didn't quite know why, but it felt so good just to feel her brother's muscular body pressed firmly against her. She could feel her panties dampening and thanked God that Sam was wearing jeans even on such a warm day. She instinctively spread her legs a bit more and started receiving vibrations from the bus' engine.

Sam's mind was now screaming in danger as he felt her relax on him with a deep sigh. His cock twitched in his pants when her weight pressed her mound harder on his crotch and he couldn't help his hands sliding down to her hips.

"Hmmmmmmmmm..."

Wait... Was that...? Was she enjoying it? He couldn't see her face but he had heard that sound way too many times when watching porn to not recognize it. He didn't wait long before clenching his fingers on her hips to watch her reaction. She answered by cooing once more, causing Sam to lose the small portion of moral he had left. He slowly lifted his weight and thrust his hips forward pressing his dick harder against his little sister's pussy.

Jill was already lost in pleasure. She welcomed her brother's push by pressing her body tightly against him. She started moaning softly in his shoulder and couldn't help grabbing his neck. Each time he pushed against her, she answered by grinding on his bulge .

"His penis... my brother's... dick...", she finally realized, making her pussy squeeze itself with lust.

Sam's hands quickly slid down to claim once again his sister's hot and perky ass cheeks. He rubbed them, squeezed them, spread them apart and pressed her body tighter against him using this firmer grip. Her fingers running in his hair were emptying is mind and he felt his fingers crawl under the elastic of her panties. She tensed and grabbed his hair but didn't stop grinding on his hard cock with passion. Her skin was so soft and warm that he kept rubbing her ass for a while before his attention got back to the warmest spot inside his sister's underwear.

She held her breath when she felt him close to her pussy and shoved her face in his shoulder to moan loudly when she felt him brush directly on her wet cunt.

He couldn't believe how soaked she was and started rubbing her with his fingers, totally losing control on his actions. Jill's body got wild and she begun furiously humping her brother, crushing her clit on his cock.

His sister losing control quickly got Sam on the verge of coming. His middle finger had already found its way to the entrance of Jill's pussy and he started shoving it in and out of her hole angrily. Jill's eyes opened wide at the intrusion and she could only bite on his neck to prevent herself from screaming in the most powerful orgasm she had ever felt. It was all too much for Sam who began to shoot steaming hot sperm in his pants, while feeling her warm cunt squeezing his finger in quick spasms.

The young man was quicker to come back to his senses and his first reflex was to look around him, fearing that someone had noticed what just happened. Since nobody looked back, he could only conclude that they all had miraculously been oblivious to them. Jill was panting, her hands still around his neck while recovering from her massive orgasm.

He slowly slipped his finger out of her pussy and tried to make her stand in a less suspicious way. His mind jumped when he recognized his street's corner. He quickly grabbed his sister and pushed their way out of the bus when the doors opened at the stop. Even though her mind was still clouded, Jill managed to take the few steps needed to get out of there. That last effort took all her strength and she collapsed on her brother as soon as they got past the doors. Sam flexed his knees and put her on his back, grabbing her thighs and standing back up.

Their house wasn't too close but he was too lost in his thoughts to mind the distance anyway. His body had switched on a somewhat automatic state and was moving on its own.

He still had trouble realizing how far they got. He not only had dry humped his own sister, he also ended up fingering her pussy while coming in his pants. The fact that they were in a bus full of people, with maybe some that knew them, made it seem even crazier.

What the hell were they thinking? How did they get so far? His own sister! He was feeling nauseous with guilt and was more than happy to see no car parked in front of their house. He absolutely wasn't feeling like acting normal in front of his parents at this point.

He got inside, went straight to Jill's room and laid her on the bed. He watched her sleep for a minute, the guilt raging through his mind at the sight of the innocent air she had on her face.

Then he simply got out and went in the bathroom. There he took off his clothes, including his cum-filled boxers and turned on cold water. He sat down in the shower and took his head in his hands with the water falling down on him.

Jill woke up in the middle of the night, surprised to recognize her bedroom's ceiling. Her mind was still fuzzy and she wondered for a second if she had been sleeping all day. A brief glance on her body was enough to cast aside the idea, she wouldn't have slept fully dressed. She even had her shoes on!

"Gosh, what was I thinking when I went to bed?", she wondered while getting up. She had that nasty sensation you get after sweating all day and started undressing. She was removing her panties when she noticed how sticky they were.

Then it hit her.

Everything, the bus, the heat, the fat lady, the fall... her brothers hands on her butt... her pussy getting wet... the bulge in his pants... grinding on it... his finger inside her...

It was all coming back in quick flashes and she felt the familiar tingle in her lower body. She couldn't help herself and slowly drew her hand on her already warm mound. Her legs quickly grew weak and she fell back on her bed. The young girl pressed on her soft lips and purred from the nasty pleasure it sent through her body. She rubbed up and down on her coochie and opened her thighs wider. Images of Sam were flashing through her brain as she rubbed her clit remembering how good it felt to grind it on his hard rod. She was panting loudly now and sweating a lot from the increasing heat of her body. She spread her pussy lips and placed her middle finger on the opening of her hole. It was already oozing and she pictured the moment his long finger had made its way deep inside her. She couldn't take it anymore and started to slowly finger her hungry little cunt. She was beginning to moan and the room was filled with the sweet aroma of her juices.

Thinking about her brother while masturbating felt so wrong, so taboo, so dirty...

"Ohhhhh...Ssssssssaaaam...Yessssss...Do it..."

She curled her toes in the sheets as she was slowly humping the air to meet an invisible lover. She could already feel herself close to the edge and increased her pace, now furiously finger fucking her virgin pussy with abandon. She could only imagine her big brother's long and hard member and shoved a second finger in her greedy hole.

"OOHHH! YES!"

She grabbed a pillow in a flash of lucidity and bit it hard to keep herself from screaming when her orgasm finally hit her.

"HHHHMMMMMPPPPPPFFFFFFF!! HHHHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMMFFFFFFF"

She quickly slipped her fingers out, already crushed by the strong spasms of her twat. Her sweet juices were dripping on her sheets but she couldn't care less with her mind filled with passion.

She didn't pass out this time, touching herself was far less good than what she felt when Sam did. She thought about how wrong it was to want her own brother and how she should probably feel bad about it, but it only added oil on the now wild fire of her desire. Her moral wasn't strong enough to keep her from this newly found pleasure. Her mind was already fixated on Sam and all she could think about was how good it would feel to be touched by him again.

She went to the bathroom and took a long and warm shower, occasionally rubbing sensitive spots on her body when images of her brother wandered in her head. She was astonished by how much she now craved him, but was already getting used to it. She dried herself when she was done and put on her nightgown. She got a bit startled by how soaked they were while changing her tainted sheets and finally laid down on her bed. It wasn't long until she drifted off, still thinking about her big brother and his big cock.
