Our New Villa
byBiggalute©

Our New Villa Pt. 06

We returned to London after the most amazing, possibly life changing two weeks of our lives. After living with Berni for three years I thought I knew most things about her, but had now been exposed to her and her closest friends much wilder side. I'd observed and participated as everyone's sexual and emotional boundaries had been pushed to their limits.

Not surprisingly we were all a bit subdued as we drove from the airport, already missing Portugal and not wanting to go back to our ordinary lives. As I dropped Becky and Sarah off I could have nearly predicted what would happen, Sarah made a great show of trying to kiss and grope the two of us whilst Becky held us in tight, not wanting to let go.

I pulled everyone in for a group hug and not for the first time thanked them all for an amazing holiday and for letting me join their little 'club'.

"Piss off you big tart and get this one home before she starts blabbing." Was Sarah's typical reply as she slapped Berni on the arse.

Back in the car Berni did start blabbing, the emotions and tears flowing.

We settled back into the mundanities of our workaday lives, the shenanigans of the holiday only cropping up when we were sharing a bottle of wine and getting tipsy. Berni went out with the girls a few times and would always come home feeling and behaving extra horny, tapping the side of her nose whenever I asked what they'd been up to. The sex was amazing so I couldn't complain too much.

About a month after we got home I bought my first ever mobile phone; this was the mid nineties and it was a bit of a brick compared to modern ones, but it was a novelty and Berni would phone me a few times a day just for the sake of it. One lunch time I was sat in the taxi rank waiting for my next fare when Berni phoned, saying she was taking the afternoon off and would I meet her and Sarah for lunch. I knew they'd be drinking and probably just wanted a lift home afterwards, but I was bored and so agreed immediately, one of the few advantages to being self employed.

Sarah worked as a producer for a video production company, mainly doing advertising and promotional videos. The restaurant Berni mentioned was near Sarah's work and when I arrived they were both already seated, a bottle of sparkling water on the table. "Have they run out of wine?" was the only smart alec thing I could think to say as I sat down opposite them.

"I'm working." Sarah said, "But we might have some bubbly afterwards to celebrate."

"Celebrate what?" As I said this Berni was glaring, her eyes telling Sarah to shut up.

Sarah just smiled, "If I leave it for you to bring up, we'll be here all day."

"Well at least let's order and eat first, don't want to put Joe off his food." Berni's face softened into a cheeky smile as she said this.

"Good idea."

"That's fine." I said as I started studying the menu, I think they were a bit disappointed that I didn't take the bait and ask what was going on.

"Order what you want, Sarah's firm are paying for it."

As nonchalantly as possible I said, "That's nice, thank you Sarah."

"Maybe order a salad, no carbs, keep the belly flat." Sarah said

"Whatever you thinks' best."

They both looked at each other "Oh fuck it, shall we just tell him." Berni said and Sarah nodded.

"Sarah's firm are making a video and they want us to be in it."

I just nodded, nearly knowing the answer before I asked "What sort of video?"

"A sex education video." Sarah said in what for her was a very hushed tone.

"Before you say no just listen to what Sarah has to say."

Thankfully the waitress came to take our order and I was able to take my time ordering, Sarah and Berni's eyes never leaving me. I'd guessed it was something along these lines and wasn't appalled by the idea, but not really interested either. As it was I was enjoying these two normally strong and articulate women getting a little flustered.

They both looked at me waiting for some sort of reaction. Berni was the first to break, "Well?"

"You told me to listen to Sarah before I say no, and I will." I said smiling; Berni gave me a little kick under the table.

You could see Sarah's brain working overtime, eventually she said. "My company normally does promotional videos but has recently expanded into educational videos. I was promoted and am now the executive producer for our educational videos. We have never done a sex education video before but it's a growing and lucrative market. We were thinking we would need to hire professional actors or even porn stars but our sexologist, Dr Graham, says it would be much better if we could get a genuine couple to appear in the video."

I'd wanted to stay silent but couldn't help myself, "What's a sexologist?"

"It's a psychologist whose specializes in sexual issues, mainly working with couples and promoting healthy sexual attitudes and behaviors'." I just nodded and waited, eventually Sarah continued, "we discussed advertising for a couple, but quite where you'd advertise I'm not sure. Then I thought of you two and Berni said you'd love to do it."

"Did she?"

"Well the money's good and it'll be fun." Berni added.

"We don't need the money."

"I know, but just think of thousands of people watching your big dick as it pounds in and out of me." As Berni was saying this she was rubbing her foot higher and higher up my leg, absolutely knowing the effect her actions and words would have on me.

"I'd buy that video." Sarah said smiling

"You've seen it in real life."

"I know, but I'd enjoy the slow motion." The three of us smiled.

Berni's foot was now wedged between my thighs, the gentle pressure rapidly weakening my resolve. She stood up but the foot remained, "I'm going to the bathroom, you keep trying to persuade Joe." Berni's and Sarah's giggles brought stares from the other tables, I just smiled and shook my head, they were unbelievable.

We talked about the practicalities, when they would film, how long it might take etc. Sarah said we'd have to meet Dr Graham and the director as they would have the final say on us being in the video. Strangely we didn't talk about what we'd be doing in the video, I guess taking that for granted. We did talk about people seeing it and recognizing or knowing us, Berni's dad was long dead but I worried about her mum seeing it. Berni's mum was a foul mouthed, heavy smoking, absolutely lovely Irish woman who attended Mass most days. Berni was very like her, apart from the smoking and the Mass.

"What if your mum sees it?"

"She had six kids, why would she need a sex education video?"

I smiled, "You know what I mean, what if someone shows her it to stir shit."

"I think she'd wallop them for stirring shit. I've thought about it and she's always encouraged me to live life and enjoy myself. She'd be upset initially but would get over it; I'd tell her we did it for the good of mankind." The three of us smiled at this.

"What about your friends and family?" Sarah asked me.

"I'm not that close to them and anyway they always thought Berni was a bad influence on me." This got me another kick in the shins. "As for my mates they'd think I'm a lucky dog. I just wonder how I'll fight off all their wives and girlfriends after they've seen me in action." Another kick.

We ended up staying in the restaurant a while, Berni and Sarah sharing a bottle of bubbly and me just enjoying the banter. We provisionally arranged to meet the sexologist and the director on Saturday morning, Sarah saying she'd contact us if either of them couldn't make it.

The drive home was interesting; the traffic was very heavy and Berni was in the back of the taxi, fidgeting and feeling very horny.

"Play with yourself."

"What, right now?" I nodded.

"I can't, we're in traffic and people can see in."

I shook my head smiling, "Yet you want to be in a video."

I could see Berni thinking about it. I also knew she was never one to back down from a dare. "If you're too chicken you could always take your coat off and put it over your lap so no one can see what you're doing." Berni was wearing her normal work attire, low heels, nicely fitted trousers and a blouse, always tucked in and pulled tight, accentuating her small waist, and for her small frame, large bust. I loved her body and thought she looked sexy in everything, but I particularly loved this, powerful and sexy.

We'd been crawling along but now seemed to be at a standstill which was good as I was going to have difficulty watching the road. There was a van to my right and to the left the pavement was busy with people finishing work.

She removed her coat before laying it across her lap and staring at me in the rear view mirror, a look of pure devilment in her eyes.

"Undo some of your buttons." I told her.

Berni looked a bit taken aback by this; probably thinking she should have kept her coat on, a wry smile turning to a defiant glare as she quickly looked around her before slowly unbuttoning her blouse. At two buttons she stopped and leant forward, allowing me a glimpse of her lovely cleavage, smiling at my lecherous stare. She sat back and continued her tease, undoing the buttons but keeping the blouse nearly closed, the odd glimpse of skin or lacy white bra all that was visible. I was enjoying the show and paying no attention to my surroundings, other than knowing the traffic wasn't moving. Suddenly Berni changed the pace, sitting upright and letting her shirt fall open, most of her gorgeous boobs on view and her hard nipples clearly visible through the thin material. She ran one hand down inside the bra, letting her finger brush against her nipple. She was biting at her bottom lip, obviously enjoying the sensation and enjoying performing for me. Staring straight at me but continuing to bite her lip she removed her hand and I thought she might undo the bra but she instead turned to her right and wound down the window and seemed to be talking to someone.

I quickly turned in my seat and unwound my own window, the passenger of the van was looking straight down and the driver had clambered across for a good gawk over his mates shoulder. Berni was sticking her chest out and asking them were they enjoying the show and did they want to see more. They obviously didn't know we were a couple and seemed to completely ignore me as the passenger said "Corr, yes please darlin', show us your tits" "and you fanny" the driver added.

I looked at Berni in disbelief. More shocked than annoyed, wondering how far she'd go. There was a tapping at the window on the passenger side and I turned quickly to see a policeman staring in through the window, shit. I looked at Berni to make sure she had seen him and she just smiled, still facing the van and only sat back a little when I pulled a face. I leant over and wound down the window and trying to keep a straight face I said, "What seems to be the problem."

Looking from me to Berni he said, "A passerby has complained of your passenger exposing herself in the back of your taxi." I looked at Berni, shirt still undone and boobs nearly out of her bra, an innocent, butter wouldn't melt look on her face as if to say "Me?"

"I noticed that also and was telling her that it was unacceptable behavior and she needed to button up or get out of my taxi." He obviously didn't believe me but couldn't say much, smiling before saying, "Well, make sure she does." Thankfully his attention was then taken by the van, giving them a much harder time, checking tyres and documents. We held it together until the traffic started moving, me hardly able to drive because of smiling and shaking my head, and Berni, shirt still undone, boobs bouncing in a fit of laughter.

The next couple of days seemed to drag, both of us nervous but eager for Saturday to come around. Finally it was Friday night and all our attentions were turning to the next day. We'd normally go out for a meal or have a takeaway on a Friday but Berni prepared a salad instead, saying we could only have one glass of wine with it and were having no sex that evening, wanting us to look our best the next day. I just smiled and tried to act cool.

"Do you think I should shave my snatch?" Berni asked me, completely out of the blue. She had shaved it for the first time, or rather had had it shaved for her, only a few weeks ago in Portugal, but now it had grown back. I'd loved the look of it shaved but Berni said she hated going through the itchy phase and couldn't be bothered shaving all the time.

"Probably not, you could always shave it later if they want but you can't stick it back on." Berni nodded at my answer and I could tell by her face that she was getting more than nervous, maybe having second thoughts.

"You ok? We could always cancel; we're not committed to anything."

"I think I'm ok, just nervous. You know me, I do things spontaneously. I've just too much time to think. Do we want to do this? Can we do this? What will be the consequences? God, worse still what if we're not suitable, too ugly?"

I had to smile, Berni genuinely was an act now, worry later type of person and I could see her struggling.

I pulled her close and held her tight. "Stop worrying, all we're doing tomorrow is meeting people to talk, if it doesn't work out or we're not completely happy, we walk away, no hard feelings. In fact if we don't want to we don't even need to go tomorrow."

Berni snuggled her head into my chest, the feel of her body against mine having its usual effect.

"You sure about having no sex tonight?" I whispered in her ear

"Yes and yes. Yes I'm sure about no sex tonight and yes you're right, we're not committed to anything, we'll just see how we feel tomorrow. It might be fun." As she said this she gently cupped my balls through my jeans, her usual cheeky smile returned, teasing me obviously taking her mind off tomorrow.

We arranged to meet Sarah at a coffee shop near her offices and if anything she seemed more nervous than us, talking nineteen to the dozen.

"By rights I don't need to be here, my job was just to find you and line you up with Dr Graham and the director, but I'd feel guilty if anything silly went wrong and I could have done something about it."

"I think you're just nosy and we already know you're a perv, so you couldn't resist being here." I added. Sarah stuck her tongue out before continuing, "Actually I'm a bit nervous, James the director can be a bit of an ass. He's tolerated because he's good but he has a way of getting people's backs up. He thinks he should be directing art house movies and that this is all beneath him. I'm here as the diplomatic one."

We both smiled at this, Sarah was many things but diplomatic and tactful were not them, maybe she was different at work.

"Do they know you know us?" Berni asked. Sarah nodded.

"Do they know just how well you know us?" I asked.

Sarah actually got a bit embarrassed which was a first and quite endearing, "No and please, I don't want them to know."

We both looked at Sarah and smiled knowingly. We would never upset or hurt her but there was no harm in winding her up a bit. "Don't worry, your reputation as the biggest slag in London is safe with us." Berni said, enjoying Sarah's discomfort even more than me.

It was finally time to go and I have to admit to having butterflies but tried my best to hide them, telling silly jokes and such like as we walked to the offices. I don't know what we were expecting but two people sitting formally behind a desk ready to interview us was not it. Also, for whatever reason, we had both presumed that Dr Graham was a man but instead she was an attractive, albeit very serious looking, woman, probably about ten years older than us. Sarah made the introductions and thankfully Dr Graham came out from behind the desk to greet us, smiling and telling us to call her Lindsey. She had a warmth and confidence that put us both at ease, I automatically liked her.

James hadn't moved or said anything, just staring with a bored, almost contemptuous expression, his eyes roving over the two of us being the only acknowledgement of our presence.

"They're boring, no charisma, I can't work with them." Were the first words out of his mouth. I have a fairly quick temper but nothing compared to Berni; I could see her just about to give this asshole what for when Sarah intervened, "James darling you wouldn't know charisma or sexiness if it bit you on the bum, what do you think Dr Graham?"

"Lindsey please; we'll have to see, I think our problem might be that they radiate too much sexiness."

By the looks on all our faces I think Dr Graham could tell we were all a bit confused by this, "This is an instructional video, whilst we want the participants to be attractive and nice to look at we don't want them to be so nice to look at that people at home think that they can't have the same sex as them because they're not attractive enough."

I could sort of see the logic in this and was nodding, my thinking interrupted when she continued. "Joe is an attractive man but probably plain enough, Berni however, oozes sex appeal."

Berni loved this, a look of 'I know, what can you do, I just can't help myself' plastered across her face. I pursed my lips and blew her a little kiss, smiling and knowing I'd never here the last of it. I was however really worried that we'd be cancelled before we even got started, surprised at myself for how strongly I didn't want this to happen. Sarah came to the rescue again.

"I think if I was buying a sexual education video what would really sell it for me would be the chemistry between the actors and I know for a fact that Berni and Joe have great chemistry." We were stood a little to the side and caught just a glimpse of a smirk on Sarah's face as she said this, visions of our many joint escapades coming to mind. Turning a little, Sarah said "What do you think James?"

He'd been sulking a little but perked up when Sarah involved him. She was a force of nature outside of work but watching her manage people and situations at work was amazing. "I think their chemistry and how they behave in front of the camera would be all important."

I could see Dr Graham nodding and thinking, but before she could say anything Sarah said, "Why don't we go to the studio where we'll be filming, Berni and Joe can see the set up and we can carry on talking there. I've also arranged for refreshments to be left there."

The studio was a large room taking up most of the next floor, lots of screens, lights and equipment stacked around the walls, along with some sofas and chairs. We sat on one of the sofas and Sarah gave everyone soft drinks or water.

James seemed more relaxed in here as he started to explain, "We do most of our indoor filming in here, it's multifunctional, easily transformed into whatever set we want. For your video we can turn it into a bedroom, a living room or whatever background Lindsey wants."

Dr Graham nodded before speaking, "I actually envisage that you'll be in less than half the video, most of it will be me talking or showing diagrams, we'll then cut to you two showing it for real. Have you ever been filmed making love?"

We both shook our heads, "Well you may find it's harder than you think, people can get very self conscious. Also this won't be like normal love making, there'll be four or five other people in the room, all doing their jobs, many of the scenes will need to be shot multiple times until James is happy he has the material he needs. Much of the camera work will be very close-up and intimate, demonstrating what I have been explaining. Do you think you'll be ok with all this?"

I think we were both a bit taken aback, this was now so real and a bit scary. Berni held my hand tight, looking into my face lovingly, she was the first to speak. "We love each other and are fortunate to have a wonderful sex life. I think we may find this difficult at first but knowing ourselves I think we'll be able to relax and enjoy the whole experience and helping others with their sex lives will be wonderful."

I wasn't expecting this and was genuinely touched and moved by Berni's answer, I was less surprised by what Sarah said next. "What she means is they're both exhibitionist tarts who enjoy being watched why they fuck." Me and Berni were very use to Sarah but I'm not sure Lindsey and James were. James looked genuinely shocked and I think Lindsey was struggling to stay professional and not smile, a struggle she lost when Berni said "Yeah that's what I meant to say." A gorgeous cheeky grin across her face bringing us all to laughter and really breaking the ice.

Lindsey had a big smile on her face, "I wasn't sure earlier but now I think this might well work, do you two have any questions?" We hadn't really, or not any we could think off at that moment. I thought the meeting was coming to an end when Sarah spoke. "I have one concern, what if it turns out Joe and Berni are not comfortable in the nude in front of people or if you're not happy with their bodies. I think they should disrobe now, might save time in the future."

I suppose we'd been expecting that we might need to get naked today but the way it had panned out it didn't seem necessary. "I don't think that's necessary." Dr Graham began but was cut short by Berni who already had her jumper off and was unbuttoning her shirt, giving me a look that made it obvious I was to join her.

Berni had her shirt off and was beginning on her jeans before I really copped on, my attention more taken with Lindsey who looked a little flustered, maybe Berni being so eager was a bit much for her. I took my own jumper and t-shirt off, almost subconsciously pulling my stomach tight. Berni was now just in her underwear, a fairly modest white set that I thought she looked gorgeous in. She stood proudly, happy for anyone to look at her as she waited for me to take my jeans off.

I was a bit more self conscious, aware that there'd been a stirring in my shorts and fighting the urge to turn around. I knew this was stupid, why shouldn't I be turned on by my fiancée, or was it the thrill of being watched. I bent and lowered my jeans; aware of all eyes on me I decided to concentrate on Berni as I straitened, happy to return her lovely, reassuring smile. We were both now in our underwear and that may have been enough except for Sarah saying, 'and the rest'.

Both James and Lindsey were looking at us intently as we began to remove our underwear, Sarah just behind them, a mischievous glint in her eye. I was still feeling a bit nervous but Berni seemed completely relaxed as she undid her bra, happily letting her tits bounce free, shoulders back so everyone could admire her. I loved Berni's body but it was her whole demeanor and personality that really got me and without thinking I found myself moving closer and kissing her, my hand at her lower back pulling her tightly to me. We kissed and explored each other's mouths like new lovers, our hands finding their own way around each other's bodies.

When we broke the kiss everyone was silent, James the first to speak, "Wow that was beautiful. I'm gay but I even found that hot, you definitely have chemistry."

Lindsey had the beginning of tears in her eyes as she came and hugged us both, seemingly less concerned about my rigid dick pressing against her body than I was, "James is right, that really was beautiful, the love and passion you have for each other was wonderful, you're very lucky."

I was waiting for Sarah to make a remark but none came, instead she just smiled at us as we dressed, arranging that we would start the filming on Tuesday evening. Afterwards she was telling us that she knew we'd be great but was worried about how the other two would react. "I thought Dr Graham was more talk than action, or rather I'm not sure how much action she herself had ever seen or been involved in. As for James I've never known him to have a boyfriend and thought he might baulk at the whole idea of two people having sex. I knew you two horny fuckers would be ok, I was more worried about them." We all smiled at this before having a group hug which turned into more of a Sarah/Berni hug/snogging session. They were getting fairly carried away when Berni started laughing, causing them to brake the embrace and Sarah to look at her quizzically, "I can't help myself, I ooze sex appeal." Berni said, "Fucking slapper." Sarah said and we all burst out laughing.

Berni must have mentioned 'oozes sex appeal' about fifty more times that day, the last one being when we were in bed, nearly asleep, her fingers gently dancing along my shaft "I know I ooze sexiness but so do you, well at least James thinks so, he told Sarah he thinks you're gorgeous."

I let this hang in the air before answering "He'd be right."

"It doesn't bother you, a gay man fancying you?"

"No, why should it."

"No reason, Sarah also said the rest of the production team, soundman and cameraman, were also gay."

"So?"

"Just thought I'd mention it, in case it bothered you."

I propped myself up on one elbow and looked down at Berni, trying to keep a straight face I said, "It's like this, I'm doing it for the benefit of mankind, whether it be gay mankind or straight mankind."

Berni smiled but I could see something was bothering her. "Does it bother you, them all being gay?"

She said 'not really' but I could tell it did.

It suddenly dawned on me, "You're jealous, you love being the center of attention, teasing people. It bothers you that the people in the room might be more attracted to me than you."

She didn't say anything but I could see she was pissed off. This was so silly I wanted to laugh but settled on, "I bet they give better blowjobs than you too."

"Fucking prick." Was Berni's succinct, sulking answer before turning her back on me and cuddling into her pillow.

Berni phoned me Monday afternoon urging me to finish up early and be at home when she got there. She sounded really excited but wouldn't say what it was about. I arrived ten minutes before her and she immediately pulled me in for a very sexy kiss. She was literally hopping with excitement and obviously bursting to tell me what it was all about.

"Sarah phoned me at work and said she was sending over some documents for us to read, a sort of running order of the filming. She couriered them over which in itself raised eyebrows at work, everyone being nosy and asking what it was and wasn't I going to open them. I daren't in case I got too distracted. I planned to read them on the tube but didn't trust myself, my knickers already sopping wet with excitement and a horny fucker sitting opposite me giving me the eye." Berni had said all this in about two seconds flat, the words just flowing out.

I just smiled, not as excited as Berni but looking forward to reading whatever Sarah had sent. Berni pulled a large brown envelope from her bag and was about to open it when I stopped her, sitting her down at the table and pouring us both a large glass of wine. "I don't know what's in there but I'm looking forward to doing the maddest, sexiest thing I've ever done and most importantly to doing it with you, cheers!" Berni gave me another gorgeous kiss before opening the envelope.

She was smiling as she read but didn't say anything, forcing me to ask "What does it say?"

"Well she starts off very formal." Berni giggled as she said this, "Dear Miss Murphy, further to our telephone conversation I wish to confirm the following." Berni stopped and smiled at me "When she phoned earlier she asked if we could go tomorrow morning instead of the evening, get the whole shoot finished in one day. I was able to book a day's annual leave and said we would, hope that's ok."

I'd be losing a day's work but wasn't too annoyed, I nodded. "Good because she also says that she'd been able to wangle us a considerable pay rise, telling her bosses that we're worth it." I smiled at this and Berni continued reading.

"She says Dr Graham is getting all her bits done today and that this work will determine what she wants us to do tomorrow but the following is a guide to what she thinks will happen." Berni stopped talking as she turned the page, her eyes scanning the page and lighting up, a little turn up of her lips telling me she was enjoying what she was reading, "What?" I asked

"When we were chatting on the phone I asked if everyman who worked there was gay and she just laughed at me saying it wasn't unusual in her business. In the letter she goes into great detail about a gorgeous Italian intern who's just started there for work experience, they're the general dogsbody, fetching and carrying and making tea. She knows they're straight because someone asked them. She says we should go dehydrated as she thinks I'll be ordering lots of tea."

"Dirty cow!"

With a grin Berni said, "I think she's a very thoughtful friend."

She continued reading, oohing and aaghing as she did so.

"Still the Italian?"

Poking her tongue out Berni said, "No, she says I should bring some sexy underwear and for you to make sure your boxers are clean." It was my turn to poke my tongue out.

"We'll start off demonstrating some foreplay." Laughing she looked at me, saying "Don't worry I know that's not your strong point, Lindsey will be there to hold your hand."

As I gave a sarky smile Berni said, "I'm not reading anymore, I want it to be a surprise."

We arrived just before ten the next morning and Sarah greeted us at reception, immediately fussing about us. After we convinced her we were ok and didn't need anything she took us up to the studio which looked very different to the previous day, a bed and a sofa in the middle of the room, both with screens behind them and a busy vibe, equipment and people moving everywhere.

She showed us into a side room where Lindsey was sat writing notes. Sarah left, winking and saying she'd see us later. Lindsey got up and gave us both a welcoming hug, sitting us down on two comfortable chairs and turning her own chair to face us. I looked at Berni and I could tell she was thinking the same as me, wow! On Saturday Lindsey had been wearing loose slacks and a baggy jumper but now had a very smart and very well fitted dark business suit on. Her hair was tied back and her makeup looked professionally done. I thought she looked attractive on Saturday but now she looked stunning, the double breasted jacket buttoned, accentuating the curve of her breasts and slim waist, the skirt tight, finishing just above the knee and rising to mid thigh as she sat down. I'm not normally a gawker but couldn't take my eyes off her stocking covered legs.

"I'll just go a find someone to bring us some refreshments, what will you have?"

"Tea." Said Berni, suppressing a giggle. I said I'd have the same

When Lindsay left the room Berni turned to me smiling, "If you have trouble getting a stiffy we'll just get Lindsay to sit down slowly in front of you."

"Or I could lay down on the floor and look up her skirt, that'll work."

"Pervert."

Before I could answer there was a knock on the door and a very pretty girl entered carrying a tea tray, as she put it down she introduced herself, "Hi I'm Gianna I work here, I'm the gofer." She said this with such a sweet, gorgeous smile that I didn't know whether she knew that being the gofer wasn't necessarily a good thing.

As straight faced as I could I said "Hi Gianna, I'm Joe and this is Berni. I love your accent, where are you from."

"I'm from Italy, I study media for one year now and have started here for the summer"

"That's great, this is our first time here, we're not really actors but are making a video today."

"I know, everyone is talking about it, I think you're very brave. Ok see you later." With that she left and we both burst out laughing.

"Did Sarah say whether the Italian intern was a boy or a girl?"

"No she didn't, fucking cow."

We were still laughing and smiling when Lindsey came back in, "Great to see you're relaxing. I was just speaking to James and it'll be about thirty minutes till they're ready out there, he says we should go to make-up now and he'll see us shortly, if you're ready, follow me."

We followed her across the studio, a few smiles and nods of acknowledgement from the crew as we passed. "Everyone seems very friendly." I commented. "They are and believe it or not they're as nervous as you two, this is a first for them as well." We both smiled at each other, this news somehow helping us to relax a bit.

We were shown into a small room with chairs in front of a big mirror, the sort of thing you see on tv. We were introduced to Michael and Kay. Michael was small and dapper and very affected in the way he spoke and gestured, calling Berni sweetie and me darling, introducing Kay as his trainee and assistant. Kay pulled a face at Michael before smiling at us and saying she was a fully qualified make-up artist and not Michaels assistant. It was said in a good natured way and seemed part of their daily banter. Kay was the physical opposite to Michael, tall and curvy, looking like she'd already spent hours in the make-up chair herself, hair back combed back and big red lipstick, almost rockabilly style, a look finished off by a flowing swing dress. It really suited her.

Turning to face us but talking to Kay, Michael said, "Do you want to take Barbi or the Hulk?" It could have sounded offensive but wasn't. Kay threw her eyes up but smiled before saying "I'll take the hulk."

"Right darlings you go into that little changing room there and put on the gowns and then come back and join us." We did as Michael told us, both smiling and enjoying ourselves.

Having makeup applied was a completely new experience for me, one made more enjoyable by Kay's small talk and her boobs rubbing against my arm as she leant in, "Have you ever done anything like this before? What made you want to do it?" that sort of thing.

When they were finished we were taken out and sat on a settee, James introducing other members of the crew and explaining what they would be doing. There was a large camera on a moveable stand and James showed us that it could also be hoisted up on the shoulder. He showed us a smaller, hand held camera, blushing a little as he explained that it would be used for close ups and more intimate shots. We just smiled, our nerves becoming a little jangly.

Lindsey sat down beside us and said they were going to start filming now, her introducing the video and then introducing us. As she started talking she straightened her back, sticking her chest out and edging forward on the seat, causing her skirt to ride up even further. I didn't really hear what she was saying and was nearly shocked when she turned to address us. "Now Berni and Joe can you tell us a little about yourself, where you're from, how long you've been together, that sort of thing."

Berni looked at me, waiting for me to speak, I felt like all eyes were on me. I stuttered and mumbled a few words before James shouted "Cut! Joe I need you to be more prepared and ready when Lindsey turns to you."

"He'd be fine if he wasn't so busy staring at Lindsey's legs and tits." Berni said this in a jokey fashion that got everyone in the room chuckling and smiling. I was a little embarrassed and looked at Lindsey who smiled back, apparently not in the least bit bothered.

We shot again and I managed to say a few words about us and then Berni explained that we loved sex and wanted to help others, she also smiled cheekily and said we were exhibitionists and loved showing off and having people look at us. Both Lindsey and James said they thought this might get cut from the video but Berni didn't care, happy to have set out our stall and basically tell everyone that it was ok to stare. I definitely felt the crew relax a bit.

They removed the sofa and had us stand in front of a blank screen. Lindsey and James had a short discussion before James said "We'll get you to remove your robes and both stand there. When I give you the signal I want you both to turn slowly until you're facing the camera again. Then Joe I'll get you to move to the side so that we can do close ups of Berni, Lindsey will move in and point out and describe different parts of the body. When she's finished we'll do the same with you."

I suddenly felt very nervous, this was real. I looked at Berni who smiled and winked back at me before beginning to remove her gown. I took a big breath and joined her. I was looking at Berni, enjoying her body as always, her shoulders back and head up, almost willing eyes to look at her. "Joe can you look straight ahead." James was smiling at me as I looked up. I smiled back and decided to join Berni, standing proud and enjoying the looks on people's faces as they stared at us. I'd never felt so alive and special, a warm feeling passing up my body as I felt a little stirring in my groin, a big smile on my lips. On his signal we began to turn, me following Berni's lead so we both turned the same way, struggling not to look down at her gorgeous bum.

James signaled and I moved out of the way, leaving Berni on her own, looking, and I think feeling, gorgeous. Lindsey moved in slowly, smiling reassuringly and gently touched Berni's upper arm, causing her to tense as if a small electric charge had just passed through her, her leg and bum muscles tightening and her standing even taller, chest out and nipples more pronounced. Lindsey's eyes never left Berni's, her smile widening as if something was passing between them.

I was transfixed, wondering where this was going, but Lindsey broke the spell, slowly turning to face the camera. I thought I could see the imprint of her nipples pointing through her shirt and jacket which somehow turned me on more than Berni being naked, my mouth drying and my dick twitching. I briefly looked around to see what everyone else was looking at, most seemed to be concentrating on their jobs but one fella, holding a big furry thing that I think was a mic, was looking straight at me, smiling as he looked down at my dick, I smiled back, c'est la via.

James signaled for me to come and stand beside him and look at his small monitor. It felt a little weird as I moved beside him, eyes turning to look and my slightly aroused dick bobbing about.

Lindsey was talking to the camera, very confident and relaxed as she explained what she would be doing, I was trying to gauge Berni feelings but she was just staring straight ahead, almost mannequin like. Turning so she was side on to Berni, the camera zooming in, Lindsey said "These are the female breasts, sometimes called boobs or tits. There primary function is to produce milk to feed a baby after a women gives birth. For the purposes of this video they are a potent sexual organ. When handled properly, as Joe will later demonstrate, they can elicit feelings of great sexual pleasure. This area is the nipple and is particularly sensitive to touch and feel." As she said this she pointed with a manicured finger, the red varnished nail almost touching Berni's left nipple. The close up on the screen looked amazing, just the finger and Berni's hard nipple. I looked up at Berni's face, still staring straight ahead but looking a little flushed, her breathing more noticeable.

I was almost willing Lindsey to touch or flick Berni's nipple but she slowly drew her hand away, the camera zooming out as she did so. "Berni can you part your legs a little." She said this in a smooth, calm voice and it took Berni a moment to react, her mind elsewhere. Berni shuffled her feet shoulder width apart and the camera again zoomed in as Lindsey began to speak.

"Female genitalia is made up of internal and external organs. For the purpose of this video we will concentrate on the external organs." The camera moved downwards and tried to get a better view but James wasn't happy, calling cut.

"Even with Berni's feet apart we won't be able to see much of what you point out."

As Lindsey came towards us I looked at Berni, who seemed to have relaxed a bit, typically turning the tables back on me by smiling and nodding down at my dick which was happily doing its own thing.

"We could lay her down on a bed and film from above." James suggested. Lindsey thought about this for a moment until what I thought was a cheeky smile crept across her face. "I have a better idea, do you have a plinth or a stand 2 feet or so tall that Berni could stand on." James said he thought they probably did somewhere but it would take a few minutes to locate, calling a coffee break and asking for the make- up people to come in.

"Your nipple looked amazing on the screen," I said to Berni as she came over, giving me an 'of course' smile back.

"How was that, how you feeling?"

"It was interesting." I looked at her, cocking an inquisitive eyebrow. Lowering her voice and moving closer she continued. "When Lindsey looked at me it was mesmerizing, I felt I would have done anything she said."

I was thinking what to say when we were interrupted by Gianna the 'gofer' offering us dressing gowns, I thought to take one but Berni refused for the both of us "You are both very brave and very beautiful." Gianna said, smiling as she slowly looked us both up and down. It was our experience that continental Europeans were much more comfortable with bodies and nudity than the English and her sentiment seemed so genuine that we were both touched, Berni taking her hand gently as she said "Thank you."

The moment was broken when one of the crew called out for tea, Gianna throwing her eyes up before smiling and sauntering off to the kitchen, "I think I prefer her to some Italian stallion, even if he was straight." I knew what Berni meant.

Michael and Kay appeared before us, each carrying a little box of make-up magic. Michael quickly appraised us before pointedly staring down at my dick, "I don't think either of you need touching up and I haven't got nearly enough concealer for that thing." This got us all smiling, chatting and relaxing, only the odd glance from some of the crew reminding us that we were naked.

"You do realize." Michael said "that most of this crew think they've gone to gay heaven, a fit handsome man with a lovely big cock walking around naked."

"I think I've gone to heaven too." Kay smirked, happily letting her eyes wonder over me, her gaze and the tantalizing bit of cleavage on show causing a reaction over which I seemed to have no control.

Once upon a time I would have been mortified, but as I looked at Berni smiling and shaking her head, I was in heaven.

Gianna entered the room with a tray of drinks and biscuits, all of us watching her as she did the rounds before ending up with us.

"How are you enjoying working here." I asked as we all took a drink.

She seemed to think about it before answering, "It's ok, a bit boring but ok, also nobody pinches my bum which is also ok."

"Darling! There's no chance of that here." Michael said this in such a way that even though I don't think Gianna fully understood it, she couldn't help but laugh with the rest of us. I looked at Berni and knew that we were both really happy and really warming to these people.

As we were finishing our drinks a couple of guys were busy moving what looked like a small stage, placing it in front of the screen. It occurred to me that we hadn't seen Lindsay during the whole break but as James got everyone organized she appeared by his side, telling him her ideas. A white sheet was placed over the stage and James asked Berni to stand up on it.

Lindsey walked with Berni to the stage, talking and offering her a hand for balance as she took the big step up; the four of us stood just behind James, our eyes flicking back and forth between the screen and the live action. As they got set I took the opportunity to put on one of the dressing gowns, drawing a "spoil sport" and a lovely, cheeky smile from Kay.

Berni was now set, facing the camera, Lindsey's head level with her hips as she waited for James' signal.

Lindsey began to speak, "As was shown on previous diagrams the external genitalia are primarily made up of the vulva, which has inner and outer lips." Lindsey named the lips and mons and explained their function in protecting the vagina and urethral opening. She explained that vulvas come in many shapes, sizes and colours, the only normal being whatever was normal for you.

"Berni has small closed lips, whilst many women have more prominent and sometimes dangling inner and outer lips, all perfectly normal and healthy. Berni will now open her outer lips so we can see the labia minora or inner lips."

I hadn't really been watching Berni during this, Lindsey's voice taking all my attention. As I looked up Berni was staring down at Lindsey who nodded slightly as if telling her to start. Berni slowly parted her lips as the camera zoomed in for an exquisite close up, the moisture from her arousal clearly visible in glorious HD. Besides me Gianna audibly gasped, causing us all to look at her as she mouthed 'bellissimo' her eyes never leaving the screen.

Lindsey's finger again came into view, pointing to the inner lips and saying that they were very sensitive and often gave great sexual pleasure, she asked Berni to part the lips further, pointing to the opening of the vagina before tracing her slim finger up and pointing at Berni's clit, "This is Berni's clitoris and it is very engorged because Berni is turned on." It was my turn to gasp, the tension in Berni's body obvious even on the monitor, almost willing Lindsey to touch her. Lindsey pulled her hand away and James called cut, everyone letting out a collective sigh, the atmosphere was electric, even the gay members of the crew seemed transfixed.

I looked at Berni who seemed to be shaking as James walked over, a little embarrassed laugh as he said, "That was intense, great shots though. Are you cold Berni, do you want a gown." Berni shook her head and then nodded when Lindsey asked if she was ready to continue, telling me afterwards that her mouth was so dry she couldn't speak.

"Now Berni is going to turn around and bend over." She again gave a little nod and Berni began to turn unsteadily, her legs looking like they might buckle. The camera zoomed in on Berni's ass, "Umm sexy bum." Kay whispered. Berni bent at the waist, her legs staying straight and her taut ass cheeks parting.

"If the camera can zoom in a bit we can see Berni's perineum and anus."

Lindsey continued to talk but I don't think anyone was taking much notice, our minds filled with the vision of Berni's puckered hole.

James called cut and came to me, "If you're ready to shoot now we could get your segment finished before lunch and film the couple scenes after lunch." I said something about being as ready as I'd ever be. Kay, Gianna and Michael all gave me a peck on the cheek and wished me good luck, which was lovely.

Berni had just stepped down off the stage as I reached them, I was smiling madly and wanted to cuddle her but Lindsey moved her body ever so slightly, imperceptibly blocking my path. I knew she'd done it deliberately and was annoyed, only her conversation with Berni stopping me from saying anything.

"Good girl, did you enjoy that?" Berni nodded meekly "Good girl, now go and take a seat over there."

'Good girl?' Who the fuck did this woman think she was; and what had happened to Berni; my joyous, strong woman. Without thinking I followed Berni the short way to where the others were standing taking off my gown as I did so and putting it on her. She tried to refuse but I pulled her in close, kissing her and asking was she ok. In a much clearer voice than I was expecting she whispered in my ear "I'm fine." Smiling and winking just as our faces parted so no one else could see. I was confused.

I'm not sure what expression was on my face as I returned to Lindsey but it wasn't the big smile I'd had all day, nor was my dick it's normal big happy self. Obviously sensing this Lindsey took my hands and looked into my eyes and in what I thought was her deepest, most alluring voice said, "Trust me Joe, you do trust me don't you."

I didn't know whether to laugh or tell her to fuck off and fuck her video. I was doing it because I wanted to, not for financial or educational reasons but because both me and Berni were tarts and exhibitionists and loved being looked at. It was this thought that made me nod that I did trust her.

My mind seemed clear as I stood up onto the stage, turning so everyone could look at me. Most of the crew were trying to look busy but I caught a couple giving what I thought were admiring glances. James was busy talking to the camera man and Berni was sort of cocooned by Gianna and Kay, both standing protectively close, with Michael just behind them. They were all smiling at me and then Berni's eyes lit up and her smile got wider as she turned her head to talk to Michael. He feigned shock and shook his head but couldn't help but laugh and it was obvious Berni was saying something very crude to him, Kay's eyes widening like saucers and her hand covering her giggles, Gianna smiling bemusedly.

Michael moved in front of them, almost beside James and in a more commanding voice than I thought him capable of, said "Listen up everyone, I'm reliably informed that Joe wants you all to stare at his dick. It will help it to grow, apparently."

After an inevitable silence there were a few sniggers and a funny atmosphere, people not sure what to make of this announcement. Berni had the wickedest grin on her face and even Gianna seemed to have understood fully, a gleeful smile on her face as she stared directly at me. The whole room watched and then laughed as Kay took a few steps forward, making circles with her fingers and raising them to her eyes, binocular style.

Even James had a silly grin on his face as he gave me a thumbs up, the only one not happy was Lindsey, she gave a half smile but I could tell it was forced. Sensing this, James called for some order and said we'd start shooting when Lindsey was ready.

I could see her composing herself and I was momentarily conflicted as to how to behave, the cock side of my brain winning out as I looked down, trying to see down her blouse and imagining what might happen as my dick bobbed around almost level with her head.

Lindsey was talking directly into the camera and I was looking down at her bum, my thoughts becoming increasingly lurid.

"Oh." She said as she turned, my previously semi flaccid cock now rigidly sticking up at 45°, directly at eye level. She was quick to gather herself, smiling at the camera and saying, "As you can see Joe is happy to be here today."

She started to explain about male nipples, but I wasn't really listening, lost in my own thoughts; thoughts of all that had already happened today, thoughts of the camera and thoughts of all the eyes on me. I could feel my balls tightening and was aware of my breathing, trying to stay calm and still.

I could see the crew and I could see the eyes glued to James' monitor, I could see the light blipping on top of the camera to indicate it was zooming in.

I jumped, an electric shock passing from the tip of my dick, through my balls and up to my brain. Lindsey was showing her finger to the camera, "This is called pre-cum, it is produced by an aroused male and helps to lubricate the urethra and makes it easier for sperm to be ejaculated."

OMG, she had wiped the pre-cum off my dick and was now twisting her finger so it wouldn't drip off. "Cut." James called, "That was, umm, interesting." He said as he came over to the stage. This was bizarre; looking down, James was facing Lindsey, my dick stood erect between them. With a smile on his face he offered her a hankie, "Unless you have other plans for the goo on your finger." She lifted her finger as if offering it to him before wiping it with the hankie, both of them sniggering at some little private joke.

"Right everybody, catering will be here shortly; we'll start back at 2."

I was still incredibly horny as I stepped down and joined the others, Kay holding out a dressing gown for me and saying, "Put this on in case you get mistaken for a sausage." We all smiled except Gianna who looked confused, Michael helped out, "salami." She smiled and nodded, "Ah, big salami." We all kinked up.

"That was wild; I can't believe she cleaned off the end of my dick."

"I hope you don't mind." It was Lindsey, I hadn't realized she was stood just behind me, "it was about to drip on the sheet and I didn't think that would look nice in the video." "Also I love the silky smooth texture of it." She said this in a lower voice as she leant in closer.

The door to the studio opened and Sarah showed some caterers from a local restaurant in, carrying big platters of food and urns of tea and coffee. Everyone attacked the platters as if they hadn't eaten in months, only myself and Berni standing back and watching, Sarah joining us.

"How's it going, have you fucked yet?" Sarah asked excitedly.

Berni filled her in on the morning's events and asked if Sarah would be coming to watch in the afternoon, Sarah saying she'd love to but had a pile of work to do, "Also James might tell me off for shouting directions from the sidelines."

The one thing Berni didn't mention was how Lindsey had behaved which I was surprised at and couldn't wait to ask her about once Sarah left us.

"I don't want to talk about it now. Just trust me, I promise you won't regret it." The twinkle in Berni's eyes had me intrigued, also what was it with these women asking me to trust them.

Neither of us felt like eating and were just finishing our drinks when James called out '5 minutes everyone.'

The stage had been replaced by a double bed and you could tell by everyone's small talk and jitteriness that it was definitely the elephant in the room, it was only there for one reason. I think me and Berni were the least nervous there as we surveyed the scene, both taking off our gowns before we needed too and walking around chatting.

"I love your bodies and I love that you are happy." Gianna said, a big, genuine smile spread across her face, pointing to the bed she said "and now you have sex?" Kay and Michael both giggled but we just smiled and nodded, Gianna clapping her hands excitedly and saying "ooh."

James and Lindsey seemed to be disagreeing and as ourselves and the crew were watching them they went off to a side room. We were all a bit bemused and wondering what exactly was going on. Kay offered us the gowns but Berni looked at her 'as if?"

"You two really do like being naked and having people look at you, don't you." She observed. We said we did.

"That's wonderful. It's very appealing; I wish I could be so confident and happy in my own skin."

"You should be, you're a very beautiful woman with a body that many men would drool over, including this one." Berni said this pointing at me "But it's more about loving your own body and expressing yourself however you wish, fuck everybody else."

"Hallelujah sister." Michael said "I spend the whole time in the noddy nude at home, have to be careful with the cats claws though, he thinks all dangly things are for him to play with."

We were laughing and digesting this as Sarah entered the studio looking very grim and went and joined James and Lindsey. They seemed to be in there ages, the occasional raised voice audible. To change the atmosphere I asked Berni if we should lie on the bed and fuck anyway. I was only joking but it looked like she was considering it, probably to call my bluff, when Sarah came out and over to us.

"Things are not good, basically Lindsey wants to have you sucking and fucking like rabbits and James says that's too pornographic and won't get the license we're looking for. The most he'll agree to is close ups of you entering Berni and then cutting." "As boring as it is I think he's right about the license, he's already accusing her of having her own agenda and of going too far this morning."

We didn't know what to say, Sarah continued in a more hushed tone "I think Lindsey is use to getting her own way and bending people to her will."

"Definitely; she has me pegged as a meek little bimbo who she can control as she wishes, I saw straight through her as soon as we started filming this morning." I was astounded, all this was news to me but did explain some of what went on earlier.

Sarah looked at Berni, her eyes widening and a big smile creeping across her face as Berni looked back, her eyes alight with mischief. "You're wicked, what are you planning?"

"We're going to play along for a bit and then when we've got her where we want her we'll turn the tables."

I went to say something but Berni beat me to it, "Trust me Joe, we're going to give her the ride of her life. All you have to do is be your horny dog self."

"I'm sure he can manage that." Sarah said smirking.

Before I could even begin to think of what to say we were interrupted by James signaling for Sarah to join him and Lindsey again. I moved myself and Berni closer to the wall so we had a modicum of privacy.

"Do you want to explain this to me, because I'm confused." I asked.

By the look on her face I expected some smartass answer but instead Berni kissed me before saying, "You do trust me don't you?" Fighting every instinct to blow a gasket I managed to nod, Berni continued, "Well some sex is more about the mental than the physical, think about all the things we did to Becky and to me for that matter, how we all got off on it." My mind was instantly filled with images, Sarah and Berni pulling Becky's hair as I came all over her face; Berni lain on her back, legs spread wide as we all watched Ana, my Portuguese barber, shave her cunt with a cut throat razor as Ines, Ana's girlfriend, had taken close up photos, then Sarah pinning her down and almost choking her as Jaoa, Ines' brother, had tongue fucked her ass and pussy.

The images had me instantly hard, my dick sticking out through the flap in my gown. I could tell Berni was again fighting the urge to say something smart instead just taking my dick in her hand and gently wanking me "Physical feels wonderful, but physical and mental combined are incredible." Berni tightened her grip and pulled harder, "You want to fuck her, don't you?" I found myself nodding, "You want to stick your big dick down her throat, don't you?" "You want to come all over her tits and make me lick it up, don't you?"

As Berni let go I was a trembling wreck, my balls and dick aching for release. Berni leant in closer, whispering "Together we'll fuck her head and her body till she's begging us to stop. Now turn and bow to our audience." Every eye in the room was on us, watching Berni give me a hand and mind job. My throat was dry and my brain whirling, Kay managing a silent 'wow' as I smiled at her.

"Berni and Joe could you come over here a minute please," It was Sarah calling us to the side room. Before entering she stopped us "What were you two up to, I know by the silence and the look on your faces." Berni just tapped the side of her nose, getting a whispered "Bitch.' From Sarah.

"Things are fairly fucked here, both James and Lindsey wanted to speak to you."

We entered the room, the atmosphere thick with the words already spoken, both James and Lindsey looking equally upset and deflated. James spoke first, "I think Sarah has already told you that me and Lindsey have different opinions on how to proceed." We nodded, "well unfortunately we can't seem to reconcile those differences and as such we won't be able to continue with the video."

We were both shocked, looking at James who was almost crying, at Lindsey who had a defiant look on her face and at Sarah who just mouthed 'sorry'.

"You two have been incredible." James continued "and one day I'd love to work with you again, even with your clothes on." It was very genuine and touching and we all got a bit choked up, only Lindsey's expression never changing. He finished "I think Lindsey would like to say a few words now."

"I would but I'd like to speak to Joe and Berni alone if that's ok." Both James and Sarah looked at us to see if this was ok, satisfied that it was, they left; Sarah throwing her eyes up to heaven and then winking at us as she left.

"Now Berni and Joe, you have been very good and very brave today." I held her stare, fighting to hold my tongue, only my awareness that Berni's demeanor had changed, her eyes downcast and head slightly bowed, keeping me quiet.

"I had wanted you to be even bolder and braver this afternoon but James wouldn't allow it." She paused, "would you like to be braver and bolder?" I didn't know whether to answer but decided not to, Lindsey only really looking at Berni.

"Berni." Lindsey's voice more commanding, causing Berni's head to lift "Would you like to be braver and bolder for me?"

A small voice said "Yes."



7