Ball Girls
bycruiser_2015©

I'm one of the few male teachers at St. Matilda's Academy for Young Ladies, a rather expensive English private school. For me its a voyeur's paradise. I teach a final year class of about twenty girls aged eighteen to nearly nineteen. They're all at the peak of their sex hormonal surges and very much aware of their ripening sexuality. They also all seem to be trying to outdo each other in showing off their fresh young breasts in the thinnest, most boob clinging blouses they can squeeze into, and displaying as much sheer black nylon clad leg as possible in the shortest grey pleated school uniform skirts they can get away with. 

Wednesday afternoons at St. Matilda's are school sports. One Wednesday afternoon in the summer term I was strolling through the school grounds and came to the school tennis court. I've got no interest in tennis whatsoever as a sport. I am however very much interested in watching girls' short white tennis skirts flying up to show shapely bare legs and white knickers as leggy young beauties serve and play. 

I was in luck. Two of my nearly nineteen year olds, Anne and Fiona, were playing. They were skilled players who've represented St. Matilda's at county level. Anne's even been a "ball girl" at Wimbledon. They were not only good at tennis. Blonde Anne and brunette Fiona were a pair of sex bombs, young beauties with newly ripened curvy figures, boys' dream legs, and firm young breasts. Big girl Anne's top deck was particularly well developed. I masturbate regularly and Anne and Fiona are frequent performers in my masturbation fantasies. In my dreams they both must have posed nude in every porn pose I've ever seen and performed every sex act I can imagine, as have most of the girls in my class!

The tennis courts have a high fence on one side and a thick rhododendron hedge on the other three sides for privacy and to shield young lovelies from the lustful gaze of men like me. But that hedge also made it easy for me to creep in and conceal myself in the bushes and to enjoy some voyeur sex pleasure.

As the girls played, leaping, crouching, and spreading their bare legs Anne's loose blonde hair and Fiona's dark pony tail flew up, and so did their short white skirts! My lustful eyes followed the girls' every move, locked on their bare legs and knickers. St. Matilda's school regulations require girls' knickers to be "white or pastel, modest and opaque." By themselves they're not even as sexy as the panties my wife wears. But stretched taut over the curves of cheeky young bottoms and the bulges of sex mounds between young legs, showing the occasional cameltoe of a vagina slit or the shadow of a dark bush underneath, they certainly get me going!

My cock was soon hard up as I gathered mental images of Anne and Fiona for the next time I stroked one off. I was disappointed when the girls finished their game soon after I'd arrived. Their game over, the girls bent and squatted as they picked up the balls scattered around the court, treating me to what I thought would be my last peeps of their knickers. But then the real game started!

They looked around as if to check no one was watching, obviously unaware of the pervert watching from the bushes. Then to my amazement they kissed each other with their lips together. Even from where I was watching I could tell their tongues were touching. As they pressed their bodies together, Fiona lifted Anne's short tennis skirt, fondled the bulge of her sex mound through her white knickers, then slid her hand down inside Anne's knickers and cupped her hand over her cunt inside her knickers. At the same time Anne's hand slid down Fiona's back, lifted Fiona's skirt and pulled her knickers down below her bottom. Fiona had her back to me in their lustful embrace and I was treated to a perfect view of Fiona's well rounded young bottom and Anne's fingers stroking her bum cheeks and tickling her along the valley between them.

Their lesbian display had got my cock rock hard, and I unzipped in readiness to jerk one off. But then, holding hands, the girls left the court and headed for the bushes, straight toward me. I panicked momentarily, then I realised they hadn't seen me and that like me they were looking for some privacy in the bushes too. They found a place in the bushes not far from where I was. I managed to creep unobserved to where I was still well hidden from them, but from which I could watch everything they got up to. Added to which they were far too interested in each other to notice me.

By the time I'd settled in my hide I saw they had both stripped to their underwear, those white schoolgirl knickers and matching bras. Their white knickers clinging to their young curves with embroidered hems crossing their bum cheeks were at the limit of what I'd call "modest", but I wasn't complaining! School regulations said that girls' bras should also be white, opaque and modest. Anne's breasts were so big it would have taken quite some bra to be modest! The cups of Anne's lace edged bra only just covered her nipples. But it was clear Anne's bra wasn't going to stay in place long as Fiona was busy behind Anne unclipping it. Anne's bra dropped to reveal the breasts that so many times I'd ogled in class and slid my penis between in my masturbation fantasies in all their big, fresh, firm, round, heavily swinging young glory! 

The moment Anne's bra was off Fiona was eagerly fondling and kissing Anne's breasts. Anne was as lustful as Fiona and she quickly removed Fiona's bra to show a well rounded pair of neat half-grapefruit breasts with her deep pink nipples already peaking with arousal. Anne treated Fiona's breasts to as good a fondle, kisses and licks as Fiona had given her own breasts.

Now just in their white schoolgirl knickers Anne and Fiona stood facing each other, kissing and brushing their breasts and nipples against each others, giggling and squealing with excitement at the sexual pleasure. Anne's nipples were soon up with arousal too and Fiona's areoles surrounding her nipples were peaking in big pink cones. At the same time the girls ran their hands over each other's body and slid their hands down inside each other's knickers. Their gasps and moans of sex pleasure became louder and more frantic as their arousal rose, and I could clearly see the wet patches grow where their knickers bulged over the sex mounds between their legs.

I'd got my penis out ready to masturbate at an appropriate point in the show. I was almost frantic with lust and my was penis rock hard in my fingers by the time they took each other's knickers off. Fiona stood and Anne crouched in front of her with her face at the level of Fiona's knickers. Then Anne pulled Fiona's knickers down till they were stretched rakishly round her slightly spread thighs. Fiona had a full dark bush of cunt hair between her legs, erotically underlined by the white cotton of her knickers. 

The moment Fiona's cunt was exposed she thrust her hips forward toward Anne. Anne pressed her face between Fiona's legs to kiss and lick Fiona's cunt, ruffling Fiona's dark pubic hair with her tongue. Fiona ran her hands through Anne's blonde hair and over her bare shoulders and back. Fiona let her knickers drop, kicked them aside and spread her legs as wide as she could, leaning back on her hands to arch her back and thrust her cunt forwards. Anne got her head right under Fiona between her spread legs. I watched as Anne's lips and tongue explored and excited the inside tops of Fiona's spread thighs, between her legs and slipped into Fiona's vagina to tease her clitty. The way Fiona gasped and squirmed showed Anne had hit the right spot!

Then it was Anne's turn. She bent over, leaning on a branch with her bottom toward Fiona. Her big breasts hung and swung sensuously, her knickers were taut over her bum cheeks and I could see her knickers bulging over her sex mound between her legs. Anne cried out and trembled with excitement as Fiona stroked the backs and inside tops of her thighs and reached between her legs from behind to stroke Anne's bulging mound through the thin cloth of her knickers. Fiona slipped Anne's knickers right down round her ankles, Anne stepped out of them and still bending over with her bum toward Fiona, she spread her legs wide. 

Then Fiona slid her hand slowly down between Anne's bum cheeks, under her between her spread legs from behind, and fingered Anne's pussy and the inside tops of her spread thighs where it gets girls wild. Anne was squirming with arousal, sending her big hanging breasts jiggling as her body juddered. After a few minutes of being driven crazy like that Anne stood, leaned back against the bushes, thrust her pussy forward and spread her legs wide. I saw Anne's pussy was smooth shaven, with her vagina slit gaping and her labia peeping out with arousal. 

Fiona moved to stand next to Anne, close enough that her cunt bush brushed against Anne's bare thigh. She slid her fingers into Anne's vagina slit and gently stroked her labia up and down, licking and kissing Anne's nipples at the same time. Anne was obviously red hot. She squirmed, her big breasts bounced and swung, she cried out, gasped and moaned, and ran her hand excitedly over Fiona's naked body. 

Fiona's fingers slipped into Anne's vagina to pleasure her clitoris. Anne didn't take long to climax. After just a few minutes of Fiona playing with her cunt Anne's head flopped back with her mouth wide open, she thrust her pussy forward against Fiona's hand, arching her back so her breasts swung up. She pulled Fiona against her and enjoyed what was obviously an explosive orgasm. Anne's big breasts bounced as her body jerked and her hips thrust, and she let out a long undulating orgasm cry. 

I'd been fingering my erect penis while I watched. The only thing holding me back from masturbating was that the show was getting better and better! Anne stood there panting, with her eyes closed and with Fiona's hand between Anne's spread legs cupped over her pussy. Then Fiona turned to look straight in my direction, grinned, and spoke.

"Hi Mr Thompson. Are you just going to stay there watching us and wanking? Come and join us."

I was momentarily shocked. In spite of my precautions I'd been observed. Anne gasped, turned to face in the direction Fiona was looking. With an expression of horror on her face Anne tried franticly to cover her breasts and cunt with her hands the way women do when they realised they're exposed to a man's gaze. But with breasts as big as Anne's she wasn't very successful at hiding them!

"Come on Mr Thompson," Fiona repeated. "We know you're there. Come and have some fun!"

I'd got over my shock, and with two naked girls inviting me I didn't need much persuading. I joined the girls in their little hideaway in the bushes.

"Please don't tell on us," Anne pleaded, still trying to hide her assets with her hands.

"I don't think he'll tell on us," Fiona reassured her, with a big grin on her face. "Especially if we treat him nicely."

I hadn't put my penis away. A couple of inches of my erect cock were sticking out of my trousers. Fiona reached down and lightly stroked my shaft and its big lust swollen head in case I had any doubt about what treating me nicely meant! Fiona pulled my trousers and briefs down round my thighs. Released from constraint my erect penis sprang out, bending up and quivering stiffly. I shoved my hips forward, spreading my legs as far as my trousers and briefs would allow. I'd long wanted to expose my naked penis to girls in my class and now my cock was out in front of two of them as they stood there exposing their naked tits and cunts to me! Fiona unbuttoned my shirt and let it drop behind me.

"It's so big!" Anne gasped. "I've never seen what a boy's got except in Laura's pictures of her boyfriend on her phone. Yours is so much bigger, and so hairy!"

Laura was a leggy little tart in my class. My cock's only an average six or seven inches or so hard up, with average sized but rather hairy balls. I was chuffed to have impressed Anne! With a body like hers I was surprised she'd never experienced a boy's dick. I guessed they weren't really lesbians, just enjoying a schoolgirl crush, and so hormonally supercharged they wanted any kind of easy sex they could get. I was just the same at their age, getting it from both girls and boys.

As a teacher I'm always only too pleased to help my girls with their studies, and a moment later I was treating Anne to an off syllabus anatomy lesson. She felt my stiff hard up penis as if exploring its size and stiffness, fondled my balls as if investigating my testicles, ran her fingers through my thick pubic hair and all over my cock and balls and between my legs as if seeing what turned me on most. My grunts would have told her that! My penis was ultra pleasure sensitive from my fingering in anticipation of masturbating. It cranked up a couple of notches at the feel of Anne's soft young exploring hand on my shaft and my knob, and the feel of her bottom, thighs and boobs in my hands. I felt as if my cock would snap! 

"Laura says she gives her boyfriend hand jobs, and she can't get pregnant from them. How do I do it for a boy?" Anne asked. Fiona answered.

"Wrap your thumb and finger loosely round his shaft and stroke him smoothly up and down full length right over its big fat end. Pull that loose skin round his shaft up and down."

"Like this?" 

Anne was a fast learner. She wrapped her hand round my shaft and this time it was my turn to grunt and squirm at the exquisite pleasure. Her soft petite hand squeezed, stroked and tugged my hungry penis every bit as deliciously as when I masturbated or as any hand job my wife had given me. It was made even better by Anne's voluptuous young naked body to play with and nude Fiona to ogle. I wouldn't have minded at all if Anne had carried on like that and hand jobbed me till I jerked my load, but Fiona had other ideas!

"Keep on like that and he'll cum, squirting semen all over the place. That's how to do a hand job. Boys like it almost as much as sex. But let me show you something boys like even more!" 

There was a mischievous grin on Fiona's face as she said those last words. Anne stopped fingering my cock but carried on lightly tickling my balls and bum as she watched to see what Fiona would get up to. Fiona squatted down wide legged in front of me, stuck her tongue out and licked the big soft head of my penis, wiping her tongue across my nozzle and getting her head right down to lick that so sensitive spot under the base of my penis head. I felt as if an electric shock of sexual pleasure had hit me. Then she took my entire penis head into her mouth and rolled her tongue over it. I nearly came there and then!

"Fiona! What are you doing!" Anne gasped, as if amazed to see Fiona licking and sucking my cock. But she continued after a pause: "Is that what's called sucking a boy off? Laura says she does for her boyfriend." 

Fiona paused for an instant from pleasuring my penis, looked up and grinned at Anne from her crouching position. 

"Here's something else you can't get pregnant from," Fiona said, followed by "You stroke while I suck." 

Then Fiona's soft, warm, wet lips slid over my penis head and half way down my shaft, squeezing deliciously. Fiona rocked on her feet as she crouched, bobbing her head back and forth as she slid her lips rhythmically up and down my straining shaft, sucking on the back stroke. Her lips pleasured my cock right up over my knob till her lips were just kissing its tip, then smoothly down along my length again till my pubes were tickling her nose. 

Anne snuggled next to me with her big soft breasts pressed against my bare arm. Her light fingers followed Fiona's lips up and down my shaft, stroking my taut skin, and she fondled my bum with her other hand. As the girls pleasured me, I ran my hands through Fiona's dark hair and over her bare shoulders and back, over Anne's soft smooth bottom, thighs and breasts, and of course between Anne's legs to finger her cunt. Anne was still hot and aroused from the orgasm Fiona's fingers had given her. Her excited pussy lips were still sopping with her juice and as I fingered her between her legs soft she nuzzled her pussy against my hand and whimpered and trembled with the sex pleasure I was giving her.

After ages of exquisite pleasure my own cum rose. Almost involuntarily I pulled Anne against me by her bum. I shoved my hips forward trying to ram my straining penis as far as I could down Fiona's throat, and pulled her head toward my hips so her face pressed against my pubic hair. In a powerful orgasm I jerked my load down Fiona's throat. After I'd spurted I released Fiona's head, and she leaned back with my penis swinging in front of her face with a strand of semen dripping from it.

"Let me lick that off his cocks and see what it tastes like!" Anne said excitedly. 

Anne crouched down to lick the strand of cum dangling from my penis head. In response to the sudden pleasure of her tongue running over my still half erect penis head my cock jerked and I spurted a last splash of semen onto her Anne's face. She gave a gleeful little squeal. 

The girls put their tennis kit back on. After they'd each given me a last kiss and I'd had a last pat of their bottoms under their short white skirts, they scampered off to the changing room. I continued my stroll, with my hand in my pocket fingering Fiona's white knickers which she had given me to remember her by.

Anne and Fiona have left St. Matilda's for university. I'm sure Anne is busy continuing her sex education with new student boyfriends. I've remembered Fiona many times since, and as a result the white knickers she left me are now well stained with my semen. A new term has started at St. Matilda's. I've got a whole new class of eighteen to nearly nineteen year olds, all with well filled blouses and short skirts, and I'm certainly taking a lot more interest in tennis!

