Michael chuckled, because Brian used the wolf-in-gran'ma's clothing "gran'ma" voice from Little Red Riding Hood. "Gran'ma... what BIG..." The door was unlocked and opened before Michael could finish his dirty nursery tale dialogue. "Ah-umphf... ugh!" He was dragged in by his collar, then thrown gently back against the door, the lock turned. "God! This... is unreal..." He slid his hands up Brian's shirt, tugging off the expensive suit jacket. He watched it fall to the dirty tiled floor. He reached up to loosen Brian's tie, feeling the tug of his shirt tails out from his waistband. 

They both needed... craved... the innocent touch of naked skin.

Brian was kissing Michael on the neck, moving up behind his ear. "I simply wanted a kiss, Michael. One kiss." He was better at undressing Michael than Michael was at ridding Brian of his button-down shirt. So once he had Michael's chest bare, exposed to the air, he helped Michael take off his clothes in the same manner.

The clothes weren't "off", technically. More like hanging precariously from their shoulders and remaining secure on their arms. One leaned into the other, pert nipples brushing naked flesh. Their lungs expanding and deflating in tandem, they kept turning their heads in different positions. They only wanted to find a good direction to carry out their deepest desires for one another.

"Oh... like ... one night? We don't seem to be handling ONE of anything very well." Michael let his fingers shape Brian's flanks to slide toward his back. He hefted the flexible frame to bend to his own body.

Their groins meshed, hidden erections pulsating under the thick material of their work clothes.

Brian shook his head. He couldn't believe he could feel this much more for Michael than he ever thought possible. "I may have to subject some change to my morals. Perhaps... loosen them?" It was almost akin to breathing, eating... this want of his best friend.

Michael squinted his eyes. "What do you mean?" He leaned on the door, spreading his feet apart to allow Brian to slip between his thighs. As if they were in bed, like last night.

"If this... is how you want us to be." Brian hovered, then planted his forearms on either side of Michael's head on the door. "I'll fuckin' do it." He punctuated every word with a single kiss to the skin. "I'll have an affair with you." And as he moaned at the reaction he was getting from Michael's body, he leaned his brow on Michael's cheek. "Please... just kiss me back already." He trailed his hands up Michael's chest, grabbing onto his head, under his chin.

Lips met open mouth, tongues dueled and teeth softly bit. Both men quivering from need of one another.

Michael wanted to wrap himself around Brian, feel his body pulsating inside him. That was one sensation he could never rid himself of. He sifted his hands through Brian's perfectly combed locks. "Did you really notice how different I looked?" He pressed a series of short kisses on or around Brian's lips.

"Took me awhile. Only because I was apprehensive about seeing you this morning." Brian bent his head to fall on his own forearm, showing Michael a place on his neck he wanted him to pay attention to. 

Michael giggled, squeezing Brian to his body. "Ooo... you, too."

Brian shifted up to rest his forehead on Michael's. "My bed... the sheets... they smelled of you... and I couldn't sleep in them, not peacefully anyway." He threaded the fingers of both hands with Michael's, pinning them to the door. "I grabbed the comforter and slept on the couch the rest of the night."

"Me, too." Michael had to admit he loved it when Brian nestled in the crook of his shoulder and neck. He occasionally rubbed his nose tip over the skin, causing a trickling of sensations to run through Michael. "My bed smells of you, as well. A bit fainter. Plus you've been on that bed with me all these years I've had that apartment." He dipped his head to whisper into Brian's ear. "... the memories we have in it just kept me from being able to sleep. I grabbed all the blankets I could and curled up on the couch."

Brian lifted his head, bringing one pair of their hands to press a finger on Michael's pouty, bruised mouth. "Did you touch yourself in the shower?"

"Uh... yeah..." Michael felt like teasing Brian to a certain madness. "I have to... in order to clean myself."

"Michael..." Hazel eyes darkened under brown lashes, wanting to know every single detail so he could package it all in his mind for safekeeping. "... you know what I mean..."

"Yes, I do. And... I did..." Michael slid his leg up the back of Brian's leg, hooking just at his hip.

Brian pinned their hands to the door more roughly than before. "How many times?"

"Twice..." Michael whimpered, but not from pain... from the way every aspect of what Brian and his body was doing to him sent him over the edge of pleasure.

"In a row?" Brian breathed his breath into Michael's open mouth.

"No. More like one and then I just kept going... so it kept coming out of me." Michael even arched on the door, showing what he may, or may not, have looked like when he ejaculated. He came back to his original position, eyes languid and hazy with desire. "I felt a little better." He quirked one dark eyebrow in inquiry. "You?"

"Once in the shower..." Brian dipped his head to trail his lips along Michael's collar and down his upper chest. "... then twice on the bed..." He rubbed his face, mostly the skin of his cheek, on Michael's nipples. He suckled on them hard, tongue circling the nub, then kissing the darker skin.

"You did lay down on the bed?" Michael was shocked at this, but then it suddenly became the biggest turn on he could ever have heard. Or maybe it was the dirty way Brian was savoring his nipples.

"It's where the condoms were... still..." Brian did the same actions on the other nipple, coming back to kiss Michael on the lips.

"Why did you...?" Michael wasn't truly that curious, simply making conversation to distract him from cumming hard in his nice, new pants.

"You were right." Brian smirked, running the back of his hand down Michael's jaw. "It feels different to jerk off with a condom on."

"Holy Jesus..." Michael had to close his eyes in bliss or orgasm right where he stood. The image of Brian stroking himself... well, that image always got him bothered. This newer image would shatter him to pieces. "... that is so fuckin' sexy to me..."

Their hands broke apart, but their bodies remained connected.

"You..." Brian tucked his hand under Michael's shirt to slide all the way behind him, flattening on his pliable flesh. "... are fuckin' sexy to me..."

"Really? I am?" Michael's voice cracked, not in low confidence. Only on the sheer fact Brian was tenderly caressing every piece of him. Especially at the small of his back.

"Yes... God yes... what is up with the new look?" Brian made a strange grin-grimace.

"I, uh... you said... you liked men who looked well put together. I just... once-n-awhile... wanted to look well-groomed for you."

"Ah... so this is like gonna be a 'thing' with you?" Brian nudged his face with Michael's. "One of those 'things' couples do for each other."

"But... we're not a couple." Michael groaned out as he felt Brian's pin him to the door by his groin.

"No. Not yet. Mikey..." Brian shook his head. "Michael... look at me..."

Michael did, latching on to Brian's arm beside his face. "What?"

"That's my fantasy man. That's someone who doesn't exist. Not that I don't think you're fuckin' gorgeous, all tailored and coiffed." Brian played with Michael's stiff hair. "But... to me, I want those superhero t-shirts and well-worn jeans. I want the dorky-looking hairdo. Mostly I want them because they're you." He saw Michael lower his head in mild shame or serious want. "The other thing is... you've got a nice, hot, tight body. The tighter the clothing... the more I love you in them. To slowly get you out of them."

They shared in a small chuckle, both men suddenly realizing they might have to cut this moment short... soon. Their breathing became more labored, their stomachs touching and their hands exploring the wide expanse of skin on one another.

"Was I okay?" Michael slid his arms around Brian's neck, fingers dangling down his back. "Did I really look weird?" He let his brow rest on Brian's jaw. "I feel kind of itchy."

"Where?"

"Uhm... all over. I had these clothes in my closet. Still had the price tags on them. I think they were gifts. God knows how many Christmas-es or Birthdays ago I got these."

Brian laughed, but it came out as a soft snort from his nostrils. His hands drifted down to Michael's zipper. He neither lowered or shifted his eyes from Michael's.

"Brian... what are you...?" Michael gripped Brian's wrist weakly, almost helping to guide then refusing to be taken in Brian's grasp. He inhaled a sharp breath as Brian lowered his pants and underwear to reveal his hardening cock. "Are we...?"

"No." Brian shook his head, kissing Michael's lips. His hand engulfed the length, stroking tenderly. "Despite popular belief, and my greatly exaggerated reputation... I fuck when I want, not because I can..."

"We, also... don't have a condom."

"That's true, but Emmett does."

Michael shook his head on the door. "That packet looked old and worn. I bet the condom is broken inside." He glanced up into the rich hazel eyes, finding mischief floating about. "What are you...?" He could see, in the dimming light of the seedy bathroom, that Brian had some circular object twirling about his index finger. His strokes were building up to whatever he had in his hands. "The cock ring Ma gave Ted?" His eyes darted over Brian's face, mouth hanging open in shock.

"Schmidt left it on his napkin." Brian shrugged, looking down at his hand around Michael's dick. "Got the feeling he didn't really want it. Or, maybe, he already has his own collection."

Michael blinked, shutting his jaw. "Does it hurt?" He gulped with some trepidation. "I've never worn one before. Always wanted to try... but..."

"Your past lovers weren't adventurous enough?" Brian teased, making it seem like there would be nobody else after he had sex with Michael. "Guys wear it for different reasons. Some to keep their 'business' altogether, wearing it all day until they have sex at night. Others wear it only before, during and after sex. Once hard... the ring constricts flow... from everywhere. Thereby an increase in pressure when you ejaculate. Longer erections means longer sex."

"Thank you... Dr. Ruth." Michael looked down at himself, almost horny at the sight of Brian jerking on him. "Uhm... okay... so what are we using it for? And why am I the Designated Cock Ring wearer?" He planted his hands flat to the door, feeling pressure already growing.

"You... are gonna wear it all day. Well... until tonight."

"Why?" Michael didn't like how frightened his voice sounded to his own ears. He felt Brian bring his hand up to soothe his belly. "Wha-... what's happening tonight?"

"Tonight?" Brian lifted one eyebrow, leaning toward Michael's mouth. "You... me... and Babylon. Call it a new, improved version of Brian and Michael Night. The Unrated/Director's cut. And why you get to wear it is... because you've never worn one and I like putting things on you. I hear if you turn the right way, at the right moment, the ring will pull your flesh tight enough to make it feel as if someone is jerking you off." He glanced down to see Michael closing his eyes, dark lashes on pale skin. The way the perfect white teeth bit at his puffy lower lip. Brian suddenly grew jealous that there could be a time where he lost this... this feeling of being Michael's "only". "It's, also, the one place I know Ben won't be seeing for awhile. Short of tattooing 'Property of Brian Kinney' on your body... this is my less evasive choice."

Michael softly mewled, the anticipation of the tight ring around anything down below setting bolts of frantic energy through him. "I already told Ben... I'm no man's possession..." But, yet... his darkest fantasy was being dominated by Brian... in much this same manner.

"Ah... Correct. Still true. The reason why is... because you're 'mine'..." Brian jerked Michael off the door to his body. He used the fingers of one hand inside the ring to stretch the forgiving rubber. It fit perfectly around the bottom of the penis, under the scrotal sac. "How's that?" Brian reached up to plant his hands above Michael's bowed head. He nuzzled the dark hair. "Too tight?" He could tell that Michael was simply trying to gather some modicum of courage to be this way all day for him. He saw the slow nod of Michael's head, the way his hands began to pull up his clothes. Brian decided to help, kissing Michael's fevered skin. Michael had become stiff enough to fully appreciate the draw of the cock ring. "Michael... we can take it off if it's..."

Michael finally lifted his head, arcing his neck on the door as pleasure seeped through. "No... no..." His hand reached out to lay flat on Brian's chest, rubbing the bare skin. "I have this image of you... now, putting this on me. It'll be there all day." He smiled wearily over at Brian, but more weary of want than true exhaustion. There was no way to quell what had already begun last night. "Won't I make a great impression on my customers today?"

Brian was buttoning up Michael's shirt, tucking the shirt tails in and zipping the trousers as he periodically meshed lips with Michael. "Go ahead. Walk around. See how it feels on. If you don't really like, I'll take it off. If you do like it, like I know you will..." He could tell by the way Michael rolled his eyes in blissful pain. "... I'll take it off you at Babylon tonight."

Michael slowly strolled around the tiny bathroom, like he was trying on a pair of new shoes. "Ben and I still need to talk. I was..." He turned a certain way, finally understanding what Brian was talking about with the "pull of skin". "... uh, hoping to do so before the next anvil fell on our heads." He tilted his head slightly. "You know... it does feel like there's some-thing around my cock, but... not constrictive like you'd think..."

"C'mere..." Brian was fixing his own clothes, having perfected this maneuver over time. He crooked his finger at Michael for him to come close again. Brian sat on the sink ledge, spreading his legs wide. When Michael neared, he took hold of the rounded backside. Brian began a series of kisses that helped stimulate Michael's libido. Michael began rolling his hips, as his erection grew... so did the realization of how the cock ring would become a fast favorite sex toy.

"Ah... God!" Michael fell forward on Brian's chest, grabbing his shoulder joints. "... that's insane!"

"Feel it now?"

"Hell yeah... uh... jesus. It does feel more like a hand around my dick, pulling rather than stroking, like a real one would."

Brian reached down between their bodies, rubbing the back of his hand over the hidden length. "How about now?"

Michael's forehead pressed into Brian's upper torso. "Ugh... yeah..." He latched onto Brian's biceps, riding out the tiny waves of euphoria, but not cumming. "... push against me harder."

"No. The whole point of this ring is to prolong your climax."

"I can do that on my own... thank you." Michael clung to Brian's body, hugging him close to his chest. "Will I be hard all day?"

"Uhm... somewhat. Not really, but you'll be over stimulated. Normal things you bump into will become... near orgasmic."

"Oh, joy..."

Brian chuckled, enveloping his arms completely about Michael's tiny frame. He wanted nothing more than to forget the day and jump back into bed with Michael. "Just don't rub yourself against trees, little people or comic book racks." He spoke into Michael's ear, nudging his cheek against his face.

"Do you get to wear this tomorrow?"

"No. This is officially your cock ring. I've got plenty at my loft." Brian mocked Michael's pouting lips, brushing his thumb over the chin.

"Really?" Michael could only imagine what kind of "toys" Brian had stored away. He wanted to try all of them, at least once.

"Mikey... don't you remember who I am?"

Michael tugged Brian into his arms, slamming them both on the door. "Right now... you should be the man fucking me. But... I think we've been in here long enough to cause suspicion.

"I'm not fuckin' you in some skanky Diner bathroom. Even if it is on Liberty Avenue."

"But... I'm dirty enough for Babylon's backroom?"

"Honey... you're the one with the Babylon fantasy."

"Brian... you're making my fantasy come true?" Michael actually sounded touched.

Brian bent his face toward Michael's, hovering over smiling lips. "If I can manage it without looking whipped."

Michael slid his arms around Brian's torso, as he put the suit jacket back on. "I just might cum from thoughts alone."

Brian began to straighten his collar, then re-did his tie. "So... you, uh... really like Ben's friend?" He was simply asking out of curiosity, not jealousy. Maybe... 

Michael soothed Brian's cheek. "Brian... there's no need to be jealous."

"I'm not." Brian dipped his head to hide his eyes. Michael helped fix his jacket around his neck, making sure the shirt looked presentable, tie straight. "I just... I think there might be a way I could figure out your boyfriend's plan."

Michael furrowed his brow in confusion. "Which means?"

"Get closer to Lukas." Brian pulled on his jacket cuffs. "They seem pretty tight."

Michael nodded his head, tucking his hands behind his back on the door. "I know. I saw Ben smack Luke upside the head. It was like flashes of Ma." He started to shake his head, his eyes looking off in the distance. "I just don't get their dynamic."

"Pot... meet kettle." Brian had one hand for each item stretched out.

"Huh?" Michael realized what Brian meant. "Yeah... okay. I could be describing us."

"One does... seem more smitten than the other."

"Who?" Michael was interested to know how Brian could figure it out so quickly.

"I'm not telling. Suffice to say, I know where he's coming from." Brian unlocked the door. "I'll walk out first..."

"Okay... then what?"

"We both go our separate ways."

"Until tonight?"

"Yeah... tonight."

"You want me to call or..."

"Go to your apartment. Get dressed. I'll come pick you up."

"Awww... sounds like a real date."

"Michael..."

"I know. I'll stop." Michael watched how Brian wasn't leaving anytime soon. "Did you need something?"

"Uh... I'm not quite sure, but the second I walk out there..."

"I'll think of you all day, too. I'll miss you just as much as I missed you last night. I can't forget you, because... I love you..."

Brian nodded his head, unsure of what exactly to say in kind to Michael's words. He pretty much spoke for them both. He reached out to cup Michael's face, his thumb rubbing over the smooth cheek. "Love you, too..." He leaned his brow on Michael's forehead, letting out an agonizing sigh. "Back to reality..."

"... and away we go..."

Brian slipped through the doorway, letting it shut behind him. He was hesitant to walk down the long hallway, because he had about five people to explain himself to. Well, really... he didn't have to say anything to anybody, but he felt compelled to pave the way for Michael. Make sure everyone knew they weren't hiding a thing, except what was their own to keep. He put a cigarette in his mouth, lighting the end. Taking a long puff, he wandered back out onto the Diner floor.

The area was almost clear of breakfast customers, but it was growing close to the time when the stragglers arrived. Ted and Emmett were now sitting with Ben and Lukas. Lukas was hitting it off with Emmett. Which kind of peeved Brian, because he was wanting to snag a few seconds of the guy's time.

“You okay?” Debbie passed him by, plates in hand. "Been gone long."

Brian pulled out his cigarette, prepared to make excuses for he and Michael. "I left the bathroom and went in search of Michael. He let me smoke out the teeny window in the office. He'll be here shortly."

"Did he sign that card for Vic?"

"Uh... I'm not sure. He was having a difficult time coming up with something heartfelt and meaningful. I think he said he wanted to look at a book or something back at his place. You know how much Vic means to him. He's not just gonna write any old thing down and sign his name." Brian went over to pick up his long wool jacket. "Can I get a x-tra large coffee to go, Deb?" He meandered over to sit on the stool at the counter. He leaned forward a bit, knowing Michael would soon be walking out behind him. He leaned his chin on his hand while waiting for Debbie. He knew where everything was, he could made one for himself. But... he didn't want the famed "swat to the head", already feeling like his whole world might slip right from under him. He was off in his own mind when he felt the shadow, and warmth, approach him from the far right. He glanced once over his shoulder to find Ben's blue eyes staring directly at him. "Is there something you need?"

Ben sat on the side of the stool, facing Brian. "One more night."

Brian tried not to make his jaw drop open or his eyes go too wide. "Pardon?"

"Just an interview, last few questions."

"Did you make 'em all up in your pretty blond head, Jamie?" Brian figured he'd use a new nickname for Ben. One that would probably not sit well with him. Almost like... when other people called Michael, "Mikey". He put out his cigarette; he didn't feel like smoking anymore. Too tense. Not that he was afraid of Bruckner, but more like... his motives were speculative this time. "Don't you have enough to write your dumb paper?"

"Not really."

"Why?"

"Because I didn't get to ask all the questions I asked everybody else."

"How important can they be?"

"Some, not so... others, very."

"You are batshit crazy if you think Michael will agree to this."

"I'm thinking... once he knows you'll do it, he'll agree."

"What makes you think he'll agree?"

"He obviously loves you, doesn't want anyone to hurt you."

"You plan on hurting me, Jamie?"

"No. We do the same as last night. Interview, sit around, have dinner... see where the night takes us."

Brian finally spun around. His legs trapped Ben's knees. "You want in... don't you?"

Ben was momentarily stunned. "No... I... no, look... I just..."

"Call it what you want. You can't stand the hold I have over him." Brian bent low to speak into Ben's face. "What? Can't nobody love Michael better than you?" He leaned back, squinting at Ben. "And... what makes you think I'd agree to be put up for display, yet again?"

"You love Michael. You'll do anything for him. Even help his boyfriend keep his job." Ben watched Debbie wander over, pulling down a tall Styrofoam cup and filling it with coffee. "Can I get one of those, too, Deb?" He took out his money, but then Brian reached out with his bare hand. He latched onto Ben's wrist, seductively running it up the cuff into the sleeve of his jacket.

"On me, Benny... my treat." Brian stuffed Ben's money back in his jacket pocket.

"Why... thank you, Brian." Ben unflinchingly smiled over, watching the hazel eyes deepen with a certain inner rage.

"NO." Brian stood, grabbing his jacket and coffee. "Thank... you, Benjamin."

Debbie turned around to face both of Michael's men. "Would you two cut the bullshit talk and just kick the shit out of each other?!" She took out her parental index finger and shook it between them. "And if it comes to blows, take it to the streets."

"Blowing... is better in the bedroom, Deb." Brian winked at Ben, walking out the door.

“I have to agree with Brian.” Ben smirked at Debbie. "It's true."

"No. No you don't. You can't agree with him. You hate him."

Ben chuckled, he looked over the amount of money Brian placed on the counter. It practically covered everyones' breakfast and then some. He actually left too much money. "Here... I guess the meals were on Brian."

"Well, gosh... wasn't that sickeningly sweet of him." Debbie grumbled, slightly.

"Why do you love him, Deb?" Ben put his chin on his hand, interested in the answer.

Debbie was a bit bewildered by the question. "Huh?" She counted out the twenty dollar bills.

"Brian Kinney. What draws you to want to have him in your life? If he's such a bad influence on Michael?"

Debbie chewed and smacked her gum, hand on hip, eyes rolling toward the ceiling. "You got some weird fascination with him, kid? You wanna fuck 'im like everybody else?"

"Nah... curious, is all..." Ben wasn't even aware if Debbie knew of he and Brian's past.

"Well, you know what they say..."

"No... what do they say?"

"It can kill."

"Yeah, but not literally."

"What does that matter? You nosy in someone else's business, you'll get bit. And you might not ever be able to come back to rights."

"It's fine, Deb. Nothing's going on that we can't handle like grown adults." Ben patted her forearm on the counter. He picked up his Styrofoam cup to spin back to find Michael and Lukas chatting with Ted and Emmett. "Brian left." He sputtered out as he approached Michael's side.

"Oh... well... we already said goodbye." Michael shrugged, showing a certain calmness. Strange, to feel calm with a cock ring on.

"You sure?" Ben was doubtful on that course. What kind of "goodbye" did he mean?

"How many other ways are there to say 'have a nice day'... 'see you later'...?" Michael rolled his eyes, walking over the register with the two meal tickets. "Ma... here. I think this will cover..."

"Brian already took care of it, baby. Put your money away."

Michael couldn't help the smile on his face as he handed his mother the receipts. "That was awful nice of him."

"Yeah... he's a shoe-in for the fuckin' Nobel Peace Prize."

"Give him a break, Ma. He's had a tough couple of days."

"I know you ain't asking me anything, but... you better keep an eye out on that friend and boyfriend of yours."

Michael furrowed his brow. "Why?"

"I don't know. Something fishy going on there. No snide comments and actin' all nicey-nicey to each other."

"Things are fine, Ma."

"Yeah... I know. Ben told me. Actin' all adult and mature... about you."

"Bye, Ma." Michael waved over his shoulder.

Debbie grumbled under her throat, again, watching all her boys leave, then zeroed her eyes on Lukas.

Lukas smiled sweetly, half innocent as he wondered what had gone on between Brian and Ben at the counter. "Nice to meet you, Ms. Novotny."

"Yeah... whatever."

Lukas couldn't help but laugh as he watched her go back to work, taking care of her customers until her afternoon lunch break.

~~TBC...