Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 22 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mf, Mfff, ff, oral, exhib, voy
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
I needed a cover story while I got close enough to a 
slippery bastard called Adam Pringle to make sure he 
didn't cause any more grief in the world.

Somehow I ended up screwing my foster-sister Anna as well 
as two of her friends, Hailey and Rosalie.

Somehow we all fell in love.

*SOMEHOW* I've got to try and settle this mess without 
breaking too many hearts.

*********************************************************

Anna and I walked to Hailey's for Sunday dinner - hand in 
hand again.  Rosalee was already there.

Hailey's parents greeted us and I wasn't sure if we were 
all better off if it appeared Anna and I were now an 
item.  We'd gotten by before in an uncertain state and 
that allowed me to date Hailey and Rosalee as well.  
Against that was the likelihood their parents would speak 
about us *AND* the possibly more liberal attitude that 
Rosalee and Hailey's parents would show to us all if I 
wasn't chasing their daughter anymore.

It didn't matter that much since I wasn't going to be 
around to reap the benefits but the plus to Anna in 
getting first billing would be at the cost of Rosalee and 
Hailey feeling slighted.

For now I would sit by Anna and Hailey so we could decide 
either way later; I would have to make that up to Rosalee 
somehow.

Things never work out exactly as one expects; Hailey had 
to help her mother and Mr Draper kept Anna, Rosalie and 
myself "entertained".  This consisted mainly in 
discussing how the soccer team had been going, how we 
were managing at school, and what we expected to do when 
finished.

Whether it was merely coincidence or intentional - either 
as a compliment to me or to make any relationship with 
Hailey more difficult - I ended up sitting between 
Hailey's father and Rosalee.

Hailey sat opposite me with Anna and then Hailey's 
younger sister Yvonne all squashed together on the one 
side while Hailey's mother was on the end opposite her 
father.

We sat through grace as performed by Mr Draper and then 
started handing around the bowls as the person to our 
left helped themselves before holding the bowl in turn so 
the person on *THEIR* left could be served.  Each person 
thereby got to wait on another - was this yet another 
subtle way for Mr Draper to put me in a subservient role 
to him?  I might have wondered at the situation but I did 
not allow it to influence my behaviour.

Much of the food was bite-sized and the rest easily cut 
with the side of a fork so Rosalee had no qualms 
transferring her fork to her right hand and eating one-
handed.  Since I was using both of my implements I 
couldn't very well react to Rosalee using her left hand 
to rub my crotch.

I tried to remain nonchalant - but it wasn't easy when 
Rosy managed to pull my zipper down and then get my 
treacherous prick out.  It could have hardened *BEFORE* 
she eased it through the opening and perhaps thereby 
foiled her intentions.

Instead I was having a conversation with the father of 
one of my girlfriends while another girlfriend gripped my 
prick and rubbed my knob with her thumb.

Hailey and Anna mustn't have noticed anything special - 
other than Rosalee's chair butting against mine when we 
had the whole of our side of the table to spread out.  
They certainly didn't give either of us any strange looks 
which was at least reassuring to me.

Of course Mr Murphy had to be a bastard and Captain Cock-
up called to visit as well.  Yvonne dropped her knife and 
had bent over before we could react.  She straightened in 
her chair after an extremely long delay and looked at 
Rosalee and then me with an open mouth.

Acting on the assumption I had nothing to lose by being 
bold, I winked at her and her expression changed to a 
grin.  She finished her meal without mentioning anything 
though she clumsily dropped her spoon when dessert was 
served.

That didn't help her.  Rosalee had come to her senses and 
recognised the difficulties she might be causing.  I was 
tucked carefully away when Yvonne looked again and 
Rosalee's hand was casually resting on her own lap - 
outside her clothing - while she continued to eat her own 
meal.

When Yvonne looked up from below this time she had a 
slight pout on her lips.  Again she looked at Rosalee and 
then me.  I raised my eyebrows instead of winking and she 
smiled at me.  It was mischievous though and I wondered 
if I had overcome the problems of one lover's sister only 
to have them replaced with another's.  I doubted I could 
use the first solution again.

We finished dinner and Hailey stacked their dishwasher 
with her mother.  At "home" we were all expected to help; 
here the housework was a woman's task yet Hailey's sister 
was allowed to avoid helping do more than lay the table.  
Cleaning up didn't take long though and Hailey soon 
rejoined us.

"Can we all go into my room please Dad?"

I guessed it was my presence that made permission 
necessary.

"Okay.  I don't have to tell you."

"Can I come?"

Fortunately Mr Draper was the one to refuse Yvonne's 
wishes.

Hailey quietly closed her door and, since Rosalee had 
thrown her arms around my neck, Hailey embraced Anna with 
similar enthusiasm before Rosalee and Hailey swapped 
partners and Hailey and I sucked face instead.

"Did *SHE* make any more moves on *OUR* pretty boy?" 
asked Hailey.

"No," I answered, "but she might have made a move on our 
pretty girl."

"It wasn't just me," insisted Anna as the others turned 
to look in amazement at her.  "She asked me what was 
going on with the three of us and if Roger knew.  Then 
she suggested she would be interested if we - Roger and I 
- were open to others."

"And then Stephanie kissed Anna."

"You saw them?"

"No such luck.  Anna told all."

"But why did she think anything was going on between us?"

"It can only be the way we kissed," Anna decided.

"Well let's see," I encouraged.  "If you were saying 
goodbye to, oh, Tracy from soccer.  How would you do it?"

"Just 'See you Trace'.  That's all."

The others agreed with Anna.

"What if she was leaving the team?"

Anna looked at Rosalee and imagined she was someone else 
in the circumstances I had described.  She put her arms 
around Rosalee and hugged her with their cheeks together.

"See you Trace.  We'll miss you."

"How about a good friend who has been away over summer 
and has just brought you back a lovely present?"

Anna hugged Rosalee much the same but this time kissed 
her cheek.  "Tracy, it's lovely.  Thank you."

"Now how did you say goodbye to Rosy and Hailey?"

Anna stepped back.  She couldn't go from the mindset of 
one situation to the other without a fresh start.

I watched both of them.  They made and kept eye contact; 
there was a slight smile shared between them and then 
Anna pressed her lips to Rosalee's cheek and Rosalee did 
the same to Anna.

"When you kissed me you had your hand on my hip."

Anna moved her hand lower.

"And I remember feeling your tit in the middle of mine," 
added Rosalee.

Anna kissed her again and their lips touched as they 
parted from their cheeks.  Anna looked at Rosy and leaned 
forward.  This time there was no suggestion of cheek at 
all.

"You didn't do that," commented Hailey.

After a few seconds more of the passionate kiss Anna took 
time to say, "I wanted too."

"I think we've established a case."  I turned to Hailey 
who nodded.

"Yeah.  We didn't kiss like friends."

"More like lovers," I confirmed.

"Shit!" complained Anna.  "We are going to have to be so 
careful.  You two haven't done anything at school that 
might have given you away have you?"

"Like kissing or holding hands?  No," answered Hailey 
disdainfully, as though the question was unnecessary.

"It could also be how you look at each other.  I saw that 
with both Anna and Rosalee then.  They looked eager to 
embrace each other."

"Well you two shouldn't be the only ones allowed to 
cuddle in here," Anna responded to me.

"He's right though," said Hailey as she reached down to 
rub my crotch.  "You did look very lovey-dovey even 
before you kissed."

"I can't help it," moaned Anna, mocking herself.  "I keep 
thinking back to what it's like kissing you both 
properly."

"Well at least you didn't give me a hand job at dinner - 
while Hailey's sister watched."

"What!"  Hailey looked at Rosalee.  "You didn't!"

"I stopped when Yvonne caught me."  Rosalee protested as 
if that made everything all right.

"You can't go taking those sort of chances - it *WILL* 
get us hung."

"Sorry.  It was just so exciting."

"Would you have done it in your home though?  And what if 
Yvonne says anything?  What if she'd said it then?"

"Was it that much different from you and Anna at the 
restaurant?  Yeah, if Roger comes to dinner I'd love to 
do it again."

"I'll have to sit someone between us then."

"Think that would stop me lover?"  Rosalee grinned at me.

"As for Yvonne, I don't think she will say anything.  She 
looked disappointed when she had a second look.  She 
dropped her spoon deliberately," I clarified for Hailey.

"She tried to have a second look at your prick!"

"Ah-huh"

"Well I don't plan on sharing you, any of you, with 
another person be it Yvonne or that Stephanie girl."

"I think we're all in agreement there," I tried to settle 
things down.

"I am sorry Hailey.  I won't do it again - really."

"Oh I don't mind you doing things like that - I can't 
really take the high ground, can I?  But we all have to 
think of what happens when someone like Yvonne sees.  If 
it's just us with some adults, we get killed; if a kid 
sees us, we get crucified.'

"Yeah.  I do see that now.  Can you forgive me?"

"Of course."

"Then, perhaps, could I try that thing Anna did with 
Roger?  Please?"

"What thing?" Anna and Hailey chorused.

"Getting all of it into her mouth."

"Now!?"

"Why not?"

Though it may have been more sensible for me to protest, 
I stayed out of the discussion.  While the suggestion was 
attractive, it *WAS* Hailey's house and Rosalee had 
already caused one crisis - I being, of course, entirely 
without blame.

Anna came out in favour of a little adventure - she was 
almost as bad as Rosalee.  If it had simply been her and 
I then I'm sure Stephanie would have soon received an 
invitation to join us; except that, had it only been Anna 
and myself, Anna probably wouldn't have looked as 
favourably on another joining us - especially a girl - 
and Stephanie wouldn't have had cause to speak to Anna as 
she had.

Anna put forward reasoned arguments for treating 
Rosalee's request favourably.  Hailey protested 
repeatedly about the danger.  Rosalee managed an 
occasional sensible rebuttal and quite a few simply from 
the heart.  I myself thought Hailey might have made her 
case stronger if she hadn't slipped her hand inside my 
fly to hold my bare member while she spoke.

Eventually I suspect it was Anna's suggestion that she 
and Hailey could fool around together while they watched 
Rosy and I that swayed Hailey.

Hailey released me, grabbed Rosalee's lapels and pulled 
her close for a kiss before warning her to wait.  She 
then went out to see what her family were doing - under 
the cover of grabbing four glasses and a bottle of soft 
drink.

"Okay - but be quiet!"

"Shouldn't we talk normally?" suggested Anna.  "My 
parents always suspected things were going on if I was 
too quiet."

Rosalee let them argue.  She took over from where Hailey 
had left off, pulling my prick through my fly and then 
kneeling to suck on it to make sure that it was hard 
enough.

I heard "You played really well yesterday Hailey" behind 
me and turned to see Anna slipping her hand inside 
Hailey's panties while Hailey was struggling to get her 
hand into Anna's.

She managed it and briefly responded, "The whole team 
did," before burying her tongue in Anna's throat.

"Play with yourself while you lay across the bed," I 
instructed Rosalee in a whisper then I contributed to the 
"conversation" as well.

"You seem to be improving - do you think you have a 
chance at winning the competition?"

No-one answered me!

Anna and Hailey couldn't have gotten any closer without 
removing their clothing and Rosalee, hand manoeuvring 
inside her own underwear, was busy lining herself up 
under me and was more interested in what was about to go 
into her mouth than what could come out of it.

I was standing a little too far away and Rosalee sucked 
hard, trying to get me to move closer.  I would be lying 
if I denied thinking of staying there so she would repeat 
the process.

I crossed my arms at the wrists and slid one hand then 
the other inside Rosy's top and under her bra.  The V of 
her shirt allowed just enough access and I had a choice 
of looking down her body to where her fingers moved 
inside her pants, between my elbows where I could watch 
my prick obscuring her face, or over my shoulder where 
Anna and Hailey were trying to think of things to say 
when all they wanted to do was compliment each other on 
what was happening to them.

I was careful with Rosalee.  She was eager to prove she 
could match Anna - perhaps too eager.  I tried to keep 
her from choking herself; it wasn't easy.

Rosalee had hold of my pants; her fingers trapped in the 
bottom of my fly so her knuckles pressed under my balls.  
She used the fabric to pull me closer or to force me away 
and to a large degree I went as she instructed.

It felt good even when Rosalee had to cough me out of her 
throat - actually I was only just resting at the entrance 
to her throat and it felt especially good *WHEN* she 
coughed while I was there.  She didn't gag as such; 
whatever reflex was triggered made her diaphragm twitch 
generating a cough rather than some heaving of her 
stomach.  I don't know if that would make it easier for 
Rosalee to deep throat someone - preferably me - or 
impossible.

After three attempts saw her spluttering I suggested she 
should give that a rest.  Rosalee interpreted my comments 
to mean I wanted a normal blowjob and proceeded to suck 
my dick like a vacuum cleaner - she reverted to the time 
when she felt a forceful approach was better.

I took my hands out of her top and asked her to stop.

"Rosy love.  Let me sit down and you can rest your head 
in my lap."

I might just hold you in my arms and kiss you for a while 
instead though, I thought to myself.

Rosalee had to take her own hand out of her clothing as 
well.  Unfortunately, while she was moving around on the 
bed, the sight of my prick sticking up from my lap 
attracted two vultures who apparently couldn't tell that 
the meat was anything but dead.

Anna and Hailey had pleasured each other to a state where 
they either had to have a rest or else needed to continue 
to a mutual conclusion.  Neither was ready to finish 
things just yet so a silent conversation between them saw 
hands removed from their crotches to seize mine as I made 
Rosalee comfortable in my arms.

Anna knelt one side and they pushed my prick one way or 
the other so they could take turns sucking or licking it.  
Rosalee didn't take long to catch on to what was 
literally going on behind her back.  Since I had my thumb 
rubbing her pussy through her pants I doubted she really 
cared for a while.

I was busy kissing Rosalee when the doorknob turned and 
it slowly opened.  There was little I could do.  Any 
abrupt action on my part would have only made matters 
worse.  Even laying Rosalee back down over my lap would 
have left Anna and Hailey explaining their kneeling 
position.

It would be an explanation that would require some reason 
for my naked prick once Rosalee was required to move off 
me.  I did what I could, moving my wayward hand behind 
Rosalee's back and ending our kiss.

I saw a hand and then part of a face.

"Come in Yvonne and close the door behind you please."

Hailey who had my prick between her lips almost bit down 
on me and Anna's hand tightened around my shaft and 
balls.

"Yvonne!!  What are you doing in here!?"

At least Hailey kept things to a whisper.

"I wanted to see what you were doing."  Yvonne looked at 
me.  "Is Hailey your girlfriend?"

I wasn't about to deny it in front of Hailey.  I doubt I 
would have denied such a straight forward question even 
if she had been absent.

"She's a girl and she's my friend - a very special 
friend, so I guess that makes her my very special 
girlfriend."

"If she's your girlfriend how come you're holding Rosalee 
and how come she was, you know, earlier?  How come Anna 
was holding you just then?"

"We are very special friends too and it feels nice to 
hold each other."

Hailey looked fit to burst.  "Can you go now please?  And 
don't say anything about this to *ANYONE* understand?"

"I won't, but..."

"Yes?"

"You were kissing it!"

It wasn't a question but there was a question none-the-
less.

"Kissing is another way of holding each other close."  I 
tried to satisfy Yvonne's curiosity, knowing we were 
better off remaining on a friendly basis than upsetting 
her and perhaps sending her straight to her parents.

Yvonne looked at her sister.  "Before I go, can I just 
hold it for a second?"

"Yvonne! No!"

"Why not?  Rosalee and Anna did.  I just want to see what 
it feels like."

I needed to be careful.  Yvonne wasn't much younger than 
Hailey but she was still jail bait.  I was *NOT* going to 
touch her nor encourage her to touch me but if that was 
what it took to keep her quiet I would stoically put up 
with her hand fondling my member.

Hailey was apparently having similar thoughts.  She 
didn't want her sister getting familiar with me and 
certainly didn't want me getting familiar with her 
sister.

I could only contrast the difference between Yvonne's 
approach and that of the late Michelle.  Yvonne was 
honestly curious, thought things were fun and, having had 
matters somewhat explained, was happy to keep things 
secret - especially if she was permitted to share the 
secret.

Michelle had quite openly given a list of demands and 
consequences if they weren't met in full.  Was the 
difference only a matter of how spoilt Michelle was?  Or 
did Michelle have a warped nature?

I appreciated Yvonne's request more than Michelle's 
demand.

When Hailey looked at me she must have read my acceptance 
in my eyes.  I certainly said or did nothing to indicate 
I thought they should go ahead.

"Okay - just a quick hold and then you're out of here.  
Right?"

"Okay."  Yvonne's cheery response preceded her reaching 
out with her hand.  I was still damp from her sister's 
mouth and Yvonne adjusted her hold as she touched me.

"Is that okay?"

Hailey looked from my prick to my face.  "Not quite so 
hard."

"Do I move my hand up and down like Rosalee did?"

"Just once so you can see how the foreskin moves back to 
show the smooth knob.  Once, I said!"

"It's hard but still soft.  Thank you Roger.  Was that 
good?"

I nodded.

Yvonne stood again and went to the door.  "Can I learn to 
kiss it some time please?"

This time I beat Hailey to answer.

"You have to be at least sixteen so, when you are - and 
if you've shown you can keep quiet in the meantime - we 
can discuss it then if you still want to."

Yvonne must have been working out how long that would be.  
The answer seemed to have been acceptable.

"Okay.  Thank you."

She left and I held up my hand when Hailey seemed about 
to complain.

I indicated to Anna to check the door.  She did - not 
sneakily, but as though she was going to the toilet.  
There was no-one around.

"What did you promise that for?"

"Hailey love, I didn't promise anything other than to 
talk with her once she was sixteen.  If anything she 
promised to keep quiet as a condition for further talks."

I had Rosalee sit up so I could stand.

"And when she's ready for those talks and wants to learn 
to kiss your prick?"

"Well first of all she'll be sixteen so if she does then 
it's not as critical as far as the law is concerned.  It 
will be as critical as far as *YOU* are concerned so 
maybe we need to consider how to make her change her 
mind.  The first thing I'd suggest is that, if she has 
her own boyfriend she is not going to be interested in 
me.

"Towards that end, you might want to give her a little 
girl-to-girl advice on kissing a boy in the true sense, 
handling his package and maybe about 'kissing it'.  Let 
her find someone she likes who will appreciate her 
practising on him and the question isn't likely to 
arise."

"And she'll keep quiet in the meantime!"

Hailey swung her arms around my neck and kissed me.

I felt I was being rewarded without having earned it; I 
wouldn't be around to face a sixteen year old Yvonne 
anyway.  All I had done was to make it less likely she 
would say anything at the cost of having my prick 
squeezed a little tightly and then rubbed in a quite nice 
manner for a couple of seconds.

Now if Yvonne could only resist bragging to her friends - 
or resist bragging *TOO* much.  Catching her sister 
kissing her boyfriend's prick and being allowed to hold 
it might not hurt; including Anna and Rosalee in the 
story might.

Hailey must have decided that, since it *WAS* her room, 
*AND* she currently had possession of my body, *AND* she 
wasn't going to have the opportunity for a while again, 
that I might like to take the chance of one last bareback 
ride before I had to used the condoms again.  She put the 
suggestion to me and, having seen my smile, disappeared 
again to make sure the way was clear and clean.  I had 
certainly been made aware of the mechanics of dealing 
with a girl's monthly cycle in a very short time span.

Hailey returned before Anna and Rosalee had time to do 
more than kiss me a few times - alternating while both 
fondled me and while I cupped their asses in my hands.

They didn't bother with each other, well aware that they 
could do that once Hailey had claimed me.  I was 
certainly in no danger of going down while she was gone - 
or rather of shrinking, to avoid any misunderstanding.

"Make way girls - he's mine for a few minutes."

"Surely you want him for longer than that? asked Anna.

"Want him, yes.  Can afford to risk any longer, no.  
Unless you'd like to come back later?"

"Not tonight, I'm afraid."

"Well if you're out walking I'll leave the curtains open 
a little so you can tell it is safe to knock."

"I'll leave mine open as well - even though you can't 
come in.  Maybe I can sneak out if you'd like a blowjob 
on the back porch."

Anna had her arms around Rosalee, standing behind her 
with her cheek on Rosalee's shoulder as they both watched 
Hailey organise me.  "You could always say you needed to 
look at the stars for Science."

"That's not a bad idea Anna.  What night suits you 
Roger?"

"If I think I can make it I'll call you - or get Anna to 
if she will."

I was sitting on the bed, Hailey's night dress spread 
over the quilt and my pants down below my knees.  Hailey 
had returned without panties on under her skirt and she 
turned her back towards me before standing with a foot 
either side of mine.  A little groping between her legs 
was followed by her hand guiding me into place as she sat 
down.  I slid in without any fuss and Hailey sighed as 
she reached her full depth.

We sat there, my arms around her waist matching Anna's 
around Rosalee's, then, as Anna reached inside Rosalee's 
pants, I did the same under Hailey's skirt - lifting it 
so our friends could clearly see my finger sliding down 
to meet the side of my prick.

They watched, obviously interested, and I guess Hailey 
and I were equally affected by the sight of Rosalee 
beginning to squirm at Anna's touch.

"Maybe Anna should go walking at night - you both seem to 
like her special massages."

"I get as good as I give," declared Anna before nibbling 
Rosalee's neck as well.

Hailey shifted backwards and forwards, beginning to set a 
rhythm while lifting herself as well.  It felt good to me 
and I had to renew the discussion, not only as camouflage 
but also to take my mind off what she was doing to me.

"We will have to go bowling again sometime.  It was fun."

"Yes," agreed Rosalee.  "I thought the whole day was 
lovely.  Even better than our walk in the park."

"Mmm," added Anna.  "I don't know.  Both days were good 
and we certainly had fun yesterday but I think the park 
was a day to remember.  What about you Hailey?"

"Today has its points as well.  I'd agree that it would 
be impossible to forget our swim but I can't forget my 
first date with Roger either.  Actually I don't think 
I've had one date with him that hasn't proven memorable.  
You're a dear for finding ways to show us a good time.  
What have you got planned for next weekend?"

Ah!  Next weekend.  The thought almost made me shrink.

"I still don't know as much about the city as you three.  
Of course I could just veg out and let the three of you 
find something to do without me."

I was sailing close to hidden rocks.  I couldn't say I 
wouldn't be there at the weekend and I had to hope none 
of them would read anything more into my comments when 
they did have to entertain themselves.  I only hoped I 
didn't have to die in a road smash since that would 
*POSSIBLY* upset them more than my leaving under 
circumstances where I could come back.  I say possibly 
because they might consider it a good thing I go if they 
felt I'd betrayed them.

As I said it though I noticed Rosalee looked as Hailey 
(and I was sure Hailey was looking straight back at her) 
while Anna lifted her head from her Dracula act and 
considered Rosalee's profile instead of her neck.

The idea of a girls-only night, or day, out did not seem 
to stress them.  It was good to know that their worlds 
did not entirely revolve around me - disturbing though 
that may be to my ego.  Of course they *COULD* all be 
thinking of a joint lingerie shopping expedition where, 
though I might see the final results, I wouldn't see what 
went on in the change rooms.

"So what would you prefer?  A round of golf?  Skydiving?  
Bobsledding?"

"It's almost Summer and it feels like we're in semi-
desert.  Where the hell can we bobsled?"

"Patagonia?"

"Can we get there and back in one day?"

Everyone looked at Rosalee.  Hailey even stopped moving - 
damn her!

"I'm joking!" Rosy complained.  "Sheesh!  Anyone would 
think I had blonde roots!"

"I like the idea of golf," said Hailey, restoring some 
sense of normality to the conversation.  "We could play 
as pairs, changing at each hole and the losing pair would 
have to service the winning pair before continuing."

"There would be a lot of groups having to play through," 
I pointed out.

Since Hailey was energetically moving in my lap again I 
had no objection to her supporting the suggestion.

"They might follow us as spectators rather than playing 
through," Anna noted.  "Plus there isn't any incentive to 
play well - *SOME* of us might intentionally lose!"

"Ah," countered Hailey, "but if there were a five stroke 
limit per hole..."

"She's had more than five strokes in that hole," Rosalee 
said in an aside to Anna that was intended to be heard by 
us all.

"A five stroke limit would mean everyone trying to lose 
would just draw and that would mean no winners and no 
losers!  Is that enough incentive to win?"

"You could modify the rules," Anna decided.  "Losing pair 
removes an item of clothing, winning pair replaces one.  
Guaranteed to get a following if you don't play too 
well."

"Strip golf!  Followed by nude bungy jumping or nude 
bobsled racing!"

No nude skydiving? I thought.

Rosalee could always be depended on to add something 
extra to what had already been proposed.

I knew I would have been willing to follow her around 18 
holes on the off chance she would end up losing seven or 
eight holes more than she won.

Of course a winning strategy on Rosy's part would be to 
lose the first two holes, remove blouse and bra, and then 
just carry them until she reached the 18th.  It would 
take a steady player - or a gay one - to avoid being 
moved by her sizable yet stylish tits.

Mark, my poor late friend, would have been able to 
manage.  I wondered, and not for the first time, whether 
Julia was upset by his death.  That made me think of how 
I should appear at school in the morning - an exercise 
guaranteed to allow me to last just a little longer as 
Hailey used her fingers on herself, having pushed mine 
out the way when I stopped to talk about golf.

I would have to show some sorrow - I had grown closer to 
both twins in a short period than any of the others but I 
could use the crime boss angle to indicate I had been 
wary of getting any closer.  It would be understandable 
that the new kid in town could fall for an unattached 
Kyra and then decide that the reasons she remained single 
were enough to want to get out before getting so involved 
getting out was no longer an option.

It was no good.  Unless I wanted to recite Presidents 
forwards and backwards there was nothing I was going to 
be able to do to stop myself reacting to Hailey's 
delightful fucking.  Had it not been for her parents' 
presence there was no reason why I would want to.

Hailey was close enough that she would either topple over 
the barrier between her and orgasm or else she would have 
reached a satisfactory state that I had been told was an 
acceptable substitute.  I didn't actually believe that 
myself.  I had trouble accepting that women were so much 
different from men that they could be taken to the brink 
of release and would then happily turn over and go to 
sleep once their partner had come.

I didn't have to worry.  Hailey felt the mini-explosion 
beneath her and her fingers worked a little magic so that 
my prick was squeezed as the slightly stronger aftershock 
of her orgasm caused her muscles to contract.  She pulled 
my hand to her mouth, kissed my palm and then held it to 
her mouth to muffle her attempts to squeal.  That wasn't 
enough and she bit down into the flesh at the base of my 
thumb.

Now it was my turn to stifle a yell!

The pain didn't last long and Hailey didn't actually draw 
blood; besides, the way she shook inside felt almost good 
enough to overcome the discomfort.  Almost!  And I still 
had to deal with Anna and Rosalee grinning at my 
expression.

Hailey must have opened her eyes at the same time as she 
relaxed her jaw because her fangs had no sooner ceased 
their attempt to meet through the meat when she asked an 
innocent, "What?"

"Have a look at Roger's hand," suggested Anna.  Since she 
was busy trying to make Rosalee copy Hailey, Rosalee 
wasn't in a position for coherent speech and continued to 
grin, as much from her own pleasure now as from my 
discomfort.

"Oh Roger!  I'm sorry.  Does it hurt?"

"Not so much now.  It's alright.  How are you?"

"Wonderful.  I wish I could sit her for a while longer 
but I think I've been too long as it is.  Thank you 
Roger.  That felt really, really good." 

I hugged her to me.  "It did, didn't it love?  But I 
think you deserve most of the credit."

Hailey didn't abandon me straight away; Rosalee was close 
enough that we both enjoyed watching her while knowing we 
were as physically close as we could possibly be and 
emotionally close enough to make things perfect.

It may be that the very real danger of being discovered - 
again - was still having an effect too as I didn't lose 
any rigidity before Hailey eventually stood.  Rosy had 
come; her knees weakening so Anna had to support her with 
a forearm across Rosalee's belly and a hand under her 
pubic bone.  It was fun to watch and Anna obviously had 
fun making our lover shiver.

With the floor show over, Hailey tickled my balls with 
her fingertips and then finally stood.  She took a step 
forward and turned to look at my crotch.  My prick stood 
proud, covered only in the gleam of my cum and Hailey's 
juices.

"Oh!  I didn't think about you needing to wash.  You 
can't very well walk down the passage with that sticking 
out." 

I reached into my pocket for a handkerchief.  "This will 
do."

"Sure?  Okay, I'll be back."

At least Hailey was better looking than Arnie.

I wiped myself off, the area needing attention 
diminishing as I worked - then pulled my pants up from 
around my ankles.  I sniffed the air; if Hailey's parents 
came in would they be able to smell the sex that had 
taken place?

I didn't think so but spotted a small bottle of perfume 
on a shelf and put a small dab on the wrist of both Anna 
and Rosalee - I didn't think Hailey would mind in the 
circumstances.

In the process I noticed the time.  It was embarrassingly 
late - I preferred not having to fuck and run but if we 
were to walk Rosalee home and then meet our own curfew we 
couldn't delay much longer.

Hailey returned and sniffed the air as she threw her arms 
around my neck again.  She looked at her table then 
ignored the perfume's scent.

"Thank you again.  I really like making love with you and 
it's great to share the experience.  I love you."

"I love you too Pet and it has been wonderful, but..."

"I know.  I might not let go of you though and Anna and 
Rosy will just have to walk home alone while you live in 
my wardrobe."

"Oh well, at least I'll have nice clothes to wear though 
they might be a bit tight."

"You can continue to wear me - I seem to fit nicely."

"We all do," reminded Anna, "and if Roger gets to stay so 
do I!"

"You could always stay and Roger could take me home," 
offered Rosy.  "I've got an even bigger wardrobe."

"And a sister in the same room," Hailey pointed out.

"Is there room for three in your wardrobe?" I asked 
Hailey.

"Four!  I'm not leaving the three of you in there without 
me."

"Maybe it would be easier to just get a lock for your 
door," I suggested.

"Damn it's hard saying goodnight!  You're so lucky Anna."

"I still have to say goodnight - it's just usually a bit 
later."

I was reminded just how much harder goodbye was going to 
be.

I made way so Anna and Rosalee could say their goodnights 
to Hailey as well and then it was a matter of each of us 
having our appearance double-checked before we thanked Mr 
and Mrs Draper again and said goodnight to them and a 
cheeky-faced Yvonne.  She looked as though she was 
tempted to come to the door with us but a glare from her 
big sister settled her back in her seat.

I confess that, had the girls been a couple of years 
older, having Yvonne and Hailey in bed together might 
have been interesting though I doubt I could have 
survived with Anna and Rosy demanding equal shares of my 
time.

At the door I provided shelter for the other girls to say 
a final passionate goodnight and then it was my turn 
again.

"Don't forget my window," reminded Hailey.

"I won't."

She watched the three of us walk down to the footpath and 
then blew us three kisses before going back inside.

"You'll have to come for dinner at my house.'

"That would be nice Rosy love," Anna replied.

"Yes it would," I added.

We were able to walk with our arms around each other as 
three friends and, provided we left enough time between 
kisses to make the activity less obvious, I could press 
my lips first to the left and then to the right as we 
walked.  Anna and Rosalee held hands behind my back.

"It's fairly dark and there's a park up ahead.  Do you 
think we have time to say goodbye there?  I'm likely to 
be watched when we get to my house."

I looked at my watch.  "We might have to run home 
afterwards.  Are you fit?"

Anna looked disgusted with me.  "Soccer!  Remember!?"

"Okay - you're fit."  I grinned.  "Now it's just a matter 
of whether you want to need to run."

Anna pushed me away from Rosalee, linked arms with her 
and set off for the park.

I gave a chuckle and followed.  Walking behind two young 
athletic ladies with clothing that emphasised their tight 
buns was not a punishment!

This park wasn't as secluded as the one where Rosalee had 
shared Hailey's first date with me and there wouldn't be 
the time to get as adventurous.

"You missed out at Hailey's.  Would you like me to fix 
you up this time Anna?"

"Mmm, thank you Love."  The girls were sorting themselves 
out before I'd properly arrived and I surveyed the area 
as I joined them.

A park bench appeared suitable - we could be seen but 
discrete activities would remain private.

"Would you like to lean against the back of the bench 
Roger dearest?"

"Of course Rosy my love."

Rosy was having fun organising us but she wasn't being 
careless.  While not being obvious she checked out the 
neighbourhood as I had done on the way in from the 
street.  I was proud of the way she, as a complete 
novice, only missed two possibilities - neither of which 
were a problem right now.  She had also positioned 
herself where she could keep an eye out - the location I 
normally would, and still should, have taken for myself.

The night was quiet though and I would hear any normal 
intruders - I had no further belief that there would be 
any other than my own team in the area who would be 
classified as a special intruder.

I had to act as a wall for Anna to lean against.  A 
supportive wall perhaps but I was limited in what I was 
permitted to do.

Anna was sandwiched between Rosalee and myself, getting 
kissed on the mouth by Rosy while I had to make do with 
nibbling her ears and neck from behind.

Oh, Rosalee kissed me as well from time to time, 
especially after she had worked her hand inside Anna's 
pants.

"Oh yes, wriggle your fingers up inside me.  Hee, hee.  I 
can feel someone getting hard behind me."

"Do you want him to fuck you here instead?" offered 
Rosalee.  "He could bend you over the seat of you could 
sit on his lap like Hailey?"

"Too soon Love," I apologised.  My endearment could have 
been addressed to either of them - perhaps I should have 
said "My Loves."

"No, this is nice.  I like your fingers inside me while 
you rub me with your thumb."

"You have *GOT* to have a sleepover - I can't!  Maybe 
that's what we should organise for next weekend."

Anna was busy writhing for a second and then was swapping 
spit with Rosalee for a few seconds more before she could 
say "I'll ask."

I could only think of how I'd be miserable, in some 
luxury resort for a week or so probably, unable to stop 
thinking of them together and probably not willing to be 
unfaithful just yet if that was ever going to be 
possible.

Oh that didn't include fucking or fooling around for work 
- that wasn't going to worry me or make me feel guilty 
even if I enjoyed it.  That was work.  It wouldn't be me 
who enjoyed sharing someone's body in the same way it had 
been Roger Torrent who had fucked Kyra and Mark.  That 
wasn't who I was even if it was the only name the three 
women in my heart knew me by.

He was quieter than I had expected.  Perhaps he had 
caught young lovers here previously and enjoyed the view?

There was a warning cough off in the bushy surrounds that 
warned me to be on my guard and even then I couldn't 
suddenly abandon Anna and Rosalee without making us all 
more of a target.  I did get a chance to whisper "What's 
that?" and to turn my head towards the street.  That was 
enough to make Rosalee stop and listen but not to remove 
her hand.

There was a man, his dog running almost free on a long 
lead in front of him.  It came into sight well before him 
and gave Rosalee just enough time to get her hand out of 
Anna's pants.  I watched as he arrived, easing Anna over 
to the other side of me and taking Rosalee into my arms 
so she too was close to and protected by my body.

Why did I want to protect them so?  I don't really know.  
If my backup says "Watch out!" - and that is how I 
interpreted the cough - I was inclined to pay attention.

I hooked my toe under a Y-shaped length of branch and 
hefted it up into my hand.  It was a distraction rather 
than a weapon but in a pinch it could be both shield and 
sword.  A poke in the eye or gut with a pointy stick was 
not to be laughed at.

Still, I didn't expect to need to use it and it wouldn't 
provide much against a quickly raised gun.

"Oh, sorry there.  I didn't mean to interrupt you young 
ones.  Here girl.  Oh, sorry again.  She'll just be a 
second or two and we'll be on our way.  Oh!  It's Rosalee 
isn't it?"

"Hello Mr Fletcher."

"Bit late to be out isn't it?  Though I guess it's none 
of my business."

"We're just going home now.  We've been out to dinner at 
a friend's."

"Oh well, so long as you're in safe hands.  I'll be off.  
Come on girl.  Goodnight."

He scooped up his dog's business into a small plastic bag 
and they continued on their own way home.

"Neighbour," whispered Rosalee.  "We'd better go."

"Why?" asked Anna.  It was Rosalee's expression rather 
than an actual desire to continue now that prompted the 
question.  I agreed that Rosalee looked as if she'd been 
unlucky enough to tread in the dog's dropping rather than 
watch it be removed.

"He'll tell Dad he saw us."

"Your dad will see I was with you."

"Anna, Dad will see you are with me when I get home but 
Mr Fletcher didn't see you.  He'll say I was all alone 
with Roger.  I'll be grounded."

"That's not fair!"

"Well," and Rosalee grinned, "it would be well and truly 
justified if only Dad knew.  You'll come visit me in 
prison if I am locked up won't you?"

"Don't write your weekend off yet," I commanded her.

"But I'd better clean these up for you."  I licked 
Rosalee's fingers.  You wouldn't want your father 
smelling that over your perfume."

We walked back onto the street and this time Rosalee 
walked between us and Anna and I held onto her farthest 
butt cheek rather than holding hands.

As we neared Rosalee's house she said, "That one is Mr 
Fletcher's" and Anna took a half-step away from Rosalee 
and retrieved her arm though there was no actual sign of 
the man.

Rosalee knocked on the door and we all went inside as 
evidence of Anna's presence in the group.  We couldn't 
stay - we *WOULD* have to jog a little bit as it was - 
but strengthening Rosalee's alibi would benefit us all - 
damn it, except me!

We were thanked for making sure Rosalee got home safely.

"A girl could get molested walking near her home 
nowadays."

It was necessary to avoid smiling.

We weren't in the house long though; Rosalee, having 
heard of how Anna and I met, insisted I have a look at 
her window to see if she could have a night exit as well.  
I tried to put her off but having a look wasn't going to 
matter much so Anna and I went down the shadowed drive 
after managing to sneak in a couple more goodnight kisses 
each.

As we got into position, Rosalee hurried inside and had 
stripped off so that when she threw the curtains apart to 
see us through the window she stood naked in the light.

Anna and I appreciated the sight - as did Mr Fletcher 
who, once more, was not aware of Anna's presence.

Rosalee blew us a kiss and turned around so we got to see 
the rest of her beautiful body.  Completing the turn she 
lifted her breasts and leaned into the glass pane so they 
were squashed before us.  They were less visible that way 
but her neighbour had no doubt how she was shamefully 
exposing herself.  Fearful of discovery himself, he went 
inside and missed Anna and I each placing a hand against 
the outside of the window - over each fried egg tit.

A call behind her startled Rosalee and she pulled the 
curtains closed.  We imagined a hurried grab for night 
attire and left - but not before Anna and I had our own 
private cuddle in the suddenly darkened shadows.

A glance at my watch told me we could still get home 
without serious loss of breath.  Taking Anna's hand in 
mine we set off running - more a fast jog really.

We ran two house blocks then walked the next two before 
running again.  Run - walk - run - walk.  It allowed us 
to rest our muscles briefly while keeping up the ground 
covered.

We held hands the whole way; walked inside that way; 
greeted Ma and then Doug without letting go until Anna 
offered to get me a drink.  Even then our fingers 
lingered, stretching out to delay the inevitable parting.

We were watched as openly as we displayed our affection.  
It didn't matter to either of us; if anything Anna 
revelled in the freedom to finally say she was in love.

Anna remembered to ask whether Rosalee and Hailey could 
stay the following weekend.  Saturday was preferable but 
if their parents were insistent on Sunday morning Mass 
she proposed they could stay Friday night instead and 
then go to and return from Soccer with us.

We didn't get an immediate answer but it sounded 
favourable.

I would have to look at the window in the guest room - 
one girl might be there, the other might end up in my 
empty room.  They may not need to sneak around but Anna 
might appreciate the ability to get to see her guests 
privately later/

We went up to our showers separately, Anna being detained 
briefly to be told that, while they liked me, both Ma and 
Doug wanted Anna especially to concentrate on her studies 
until the school year was done.  I would probably be off 
to some college after my senior year and they could re-
evaluate things while they expected me to be interested 
in keeping my own grades up.

Anna didn't complain; there wasn't really anything to 
complain about.  They hadn't said anything about 
restrictions on our relationship - a mistake on their 
parts since they intended that we continue under most of 
the earlier restrictions; in fact, they hadn't really 
spelt anything out in a way Anna could find 
objectionable.  Of course we hadn't actually obeyed any 
of the earlier restrictions.

She tapped on the bathroom door on her way past.  
"Goodnight Roger.  Love you."

"Goodnight Sweetheart."

---

Around 90 minutes later I heard Anna outside my window.  
I had been going to give her parents and Brent another 15 
minutes but she was obviously impatient.  I opened the 
curtains - sans screen.  Anna clambered through and I 
helped her to her feet.  she immediately wrapped me in he 
arms.

"Roger?"

"Yes Sweetheart?"

"After yesterday, and all the walking, standing and 
running we did today, I am a little tired.  I still want 
to be with you but I was wondering if it was all right if 
we just cuddled for a while?"

I chuckled.  "Perfectly all right.  You think I don't get 
tired too?"

I was pleased not to have to perform; it wasn't that I 
got too much sex but rather it all seemed to happen at 
once.

Saturday *HAD* been quite spectacular and Hailey had 
topped that off after dinner tonight without considering 
all the hand jobs and blow jobs and general fooling 
around.  Anna herself had been left in a heightened stat 
in the park tonight so if anyone was going to want a 
little loving it was likely to be her - she must be 
tired.

I lifted the covers and Anna climbed in after discarding 
her PJs.  She might not want sex but that didn't mean she 
didn't want skin.  I was already naked and Anna burrowed 
herself against my side where she could kiss me gently 
before drifting off.

We spoke in our bedroom voices and Anna suggested that, 
if both girls could stay the next weekend, I should spend 
as much of the night with Rosalee as possible since I 
couldn't sneak into her room like I could with Hailey.  I 
pointed out that it was almost as risky for me to do 
that.

Apparently Anna thought I would find some way to make 
that easier - after all, Hailey's room had a window too!

I was continually being drawn into conversations about 
situations I would miss out on!

Hands explored, not encouraging further play but with 
relaxed caresses.  We relaxed as well and somewhere along 
the line fell asleep.

*********************************************************
