John aka Casanova had more than one child...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 1 (MF, mc, nc, impreg, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: You should read up to at least Chapter 7 of my other story, Sniffle, before reading this, or you may be confused.

---

Gillian stepped out of her apartment and almost bumped into a young man who looked about 18, a few years younger than her, walking by in the hall.

"Oh, shit!" she cried out. "I'm so sorry!"

"No problem," the guy said, smiling at her and looking expectant.

Gillian thought she recognized him. "Um, you're staying with Eliza next door, right?" That was her mousy brunette neighbor, about this guy's age, perpetually single until a few days ago, and she knew that skinny girl was having crazy amounts of sex with this dude due to how loud she had been, her howls of pleasure piercing the wall separating their apartments the last few days and nights.

"Yeah...I'm John," the man held out his hand.

As Gillian took it, her nose itched and she gave it a sniff. Her initial assessment of this average brown-haired guy was that even Eliza was too pretty for him, but then her outlook changed as the pheromones she had just inhaled insinuated themselves into her brain. This guy was hot! "Gillian," she responded breathlessly.

John looked down at her hand, still in his, and gave it a squeeze. "Eliza's out for a few hours, Gillian. I was just going to wait in her apartment until she got back, but...?"

She smiled at him. "Well, you don't have to just sit there, John! Why don't you come in and I'll make you some coffee, or tea?" Gillian thought that there was something she was supposed to be doing...wasn't that why she was leaving her apartment?

"Sounds like a plan," John responded, beaming.

As he followed the blonde with the hourglass figure into her apartment, John gave himself a mental fist pump. He had noticed the gorgeous neighbor the other day and had tracked when she left for work. Today, he had "accidentally" been right in her way at that time, and as luck would have it, the woman was fertile, primed and ready for his pheromones to do their thing on her brain and body.

While Gillian was making some tea, John came up from behind and pressed his lips to the back of her neck as his hands found her breasts. "Maybe we can just skip that?" he whispered to her sexily.

Gillian was overwhelmed from the sensation of John's warm body pressed up against her from behind, and her nipples were so hard! She was having trouble thinking. "Oh God..." she moaned.

Soon, her bra was pulled up and John's hot hands were upon her C-cup breasts. She leaned back and kissed him passionately. She had never done anything like this before, getting intimate with a man she had just met!

Her pheromone-addled mind skipped a bit of time and she found herself laying back on her bed, her shirt off, as John pulled off her work slacks, her panties coming along for the ride. Why had she been wearing her work slacks, she wondered?

John, also naked now, leapt upon her.

"Oof!" she huffed as her breath was knocked from her. She felt his hard cock poking at her pussy, and reached down to help it penetrate her. She was so wet that it slipped right in. "Aah..." she moaned. It had been a couple of months since she last had sex...she had missed it.

John's cock was only of average size, but to her vagina it felt perfect. Once he managed to push himself all the way in, he pulled back and thrust in hard.

"Yes!" she moaned. "Oh, give it to me, John!"

And he did. It had been a few years since John's ability had manifested, and he had had a lot of sex since. He made sure that Gillian had a couple of orgasms before he sped up to approach his own.

Gillian knew John was going to cum. There was something...something important she needed to remember, but her brain wasn't letting her concentrate on it. It was telling her that she needed what was coming; needed it bad. "Oh God...oh Goddd..."

"Unhh!" John grunted as he thrust again and again, his orgasm roaring through him and blasting the addled woman's fertile pussy with his seed.

"Ohgaaahhhddd!" Gillian screamed as the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced blew her mind away as she was inseminated. Her body tensed, her back arching as she blubbered in pleasure, her orgasm rolling through her in waves that coincided with each spurt of cum from John's cock as it inundated her primed reproductive system.

As they lay next to each other afterward, Gillian remembered what she had been concerned about: birth control pills! She had stopped taking them when she broke up with her last boyfriend a couple months ago, and John had just shot a monster load inside her, at a very unsafe time of the month! Oh well, she thought with her temporarily dulled intellect, I'll just start taking them again tonight...that would work, right?

Then her phone rang, and the caller ID indicated it was her work. Why were they calling during sexy time, she wondered?

---

That evening, John was back in Eliza's apartment, having taken a shower after his tryst with Gillian. He was rubbing the slim brunette's feet.

"Oh, John," she moaned, "that feels good. You're so nice to me."

"Eliza, I'm sorry, but I have to move on in the morning. I hope you're okay with that."

She opened her eyes to look at him. Did he seem less attractive today, she wondered? Maybe it was for the best, if she was getting tired of him. "Mm, yeah, okay, John. I'll miss you, though."

"Me too, baby. Can we make love one more time before I go?" He let go of her feet and moved up the couch.

Now that he was closer, Eliza didn't know why she thought that he was less attractive a moment ago. This man was sexy as hell! "Oh yes..." She felt her pussy moisten as he moved in for a kiss.

That night, John filled the loud, fertile brunette up with his seed twice more, making Gillian in the next apartment rub her own pussy in frustration, wishing that she was Eliza for the first and only time in her life.

As Eliza lay there, two loads of her sleeping lover's sperm soaking into her uterus, she thought about all the unprotected sex they'd had over the last few days. As before, she tried to do the math in her head from when she'd had her last period, but her normally sharp mind had been dulled by days of exposure to John's pheromones. She kept coming up with the wrong numbers and assuming that she couldn't possibly get pregnant that week.

She was wrong. Gillian was, too, as her birth control pills, started way too late in her cycle, didn't stop John's sperm from finding her egg while he stayed in her apartment for the next couple of days. And then he was gone from her life as well.

---

A little over 9 months later, voluptuous Gillian birthed a somewhat plain blonde girl she named after her grandmother, Persephone, or Persi, as her friends later called her. Mousy Eliza brought home a likewise plain brunette she named Johanna, in honor of the baby's father, who she pined for, but hadn't seen since.

The neighboring girls became friends as they grew up, even though they couldn't have been less alike. Persi was rambunctious, sporty, and free-spirited, while Johanna loved books and the internet. Still, they had been born on the same day, and knew no father, so they pretended they were twin sisters -- fraternal, not identical, of course. They had no idea that they were actually half-sisters, as Gillian had never told anyone who Persi's father was, and Eliza never figured it out.

Then, a little after the girls' 16th birthdays, everything changed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)