My drunk wife in the male restroom during half-time
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

Last weekend my wife and I went to watch my favorite team play football. It was the final of the series and hence the stadium was packed with fans - mostly sweaty, swarthy men drinking beer and cheering for their teams. We had been drinking wine and were feeling no pain. My wife - a light drinker - was actually very drunk. So much that she was just dozing off my shoulder most of the time. We continued drinking (I had six bottles of wine in my cooler) and I kept feeding her more and more wine without thinking of how would I get her home.  Stupid me. Soon my wife became desperate to pee so I helped her to the restrooms. The ladies toilet was on the far side of the stadium from where we were and my wife was not in a position to wait at all, so I took a chance and sneaked her in the men's toilet. Anyway there was no one around so I thought we would finish it quickly and get out. Unfortunately for her, the game broke for half time just then and the men's toilet was flooded with men peeing torrents of beer-laden piss. 

We were both huddled in the last stall. As it is the stall didn't have any lock and I had to hold the door tightly to stop anyone from entering. Just then, my wife, dead drunk already, fell off the toilet seat. As I moved forward to pull her up, a burly black man rushed inside. He already had his cock out of his pants - a menacing looking black uncut cock which was about eight inches in a completely limp state. He just stood there with his jaw hanging open as he realized that a woman was in the stall. His cock trembling in anticipation of relieving the bladder.  I could see that he was dying to pee and to stop him from telling everyone else I motioned him to be quiet and told her to go ahead and pee. My wife was now leaning back on the wall (the flush was on the side) with her eyes shut and her legs open wide. Her skirt was pulled up to her waist and her hairy pussy was visible to the man with his cock in his hand. He winked at me and mouthed "thank you". Then he squatted a little and started peeing in the bowl between my wife plump thighs. I was shocked beyond my belief to see his never ending stream of golden glorious piss going down the drain through my wife's legs. His cock shivered and the steam of piss suddenly started pouring all over my wife's meaty pussy. Luckily she had blacked out. The man squatted a little lower while still peeing and put the head of his pissing cock just at the entrance of my wife's pussy. Now he was peeing inside her pussy and the piss was falling down from her pussy. I was dumbstruck and couldn't do anything as I was holding my wife's shoulders to prevent her from sliding down on the dirty messy and smelly floor. I realized his cock was now getting hard inside my wife's pussy. Slowly he started pumping his still pissing hard cock in and out of my wife's pussy. It was amazing to see that a perfect dirty, sweaty black stranger was fucking my wife full of his piss coated black cock. He must have been sex starved because in three minutes flat he blasted a thick load of black nigger sperm in my wife's drunk pussy. Then he pulled out his never-ending black cock, wiped the few remaining spurts of cock-cream on my drunk wife's face and left. 

I was too shocked and before I could extend one arm to hold the door shut, another man - a fat Mexican - entered the stall. He was swarthy looking and looked like a gangster. He saw my wife, her fat thighs spread wide and her pussy gushing frothy sperm from the nigger cock which had just fucked it, and gave a loud whistle. I silently pleaded him to be quiet and he winked at me, "Only if I can add some cream to the whore..." When I didn't answer he got a little pissed at me. He jerked me away from my wife's shoulder and before she fell, he held her by her shoulders his crotch eye level with her face. I could see a big bulge forming in his pants. Then he looked at me and said authoritatively, "Faggot, open my zip and pull my cock out. Unless of course you want me to go out and tell the security that you got a whore in here."

I really had no options and cursing myself for not taking her to the women's toilet, I gingerly unzipped his trousers and groped inside for his cock. I felt the hot lump of his fleshy cock and pulled it out. It was easily eight inches wide and was growing. "Stroke it and make it hard," he growled and I obeyed him like a schoolboy, my eyes tearing a little at the treatment. I pulled and pulled but his cock didn't grow rock hard. "I am not interested in faggots...and if you don't get it hard in the next minute I am gonna call the police," he threatened me. "W..Wh..What can I do if you are not getting hard," I muttered and he responded calmly, "Suck it, cocksucker, what else?" Then with one oversized rough dark hand he pushed me down to the floor. The force was such that I fell down smearing my hands and the back of my white shorts black with the grime on the floor. Somehow I got up, his smelly uncut Mexican cock dangling in my face, beckoning me with each jerk, and slowly held his cock in my hand. "Hold my balls with your other hand," he commanded and I did that feeling his hairy black balls wobble in my hands. "Enough, start sucking, I don't wanna miss the game you faggot." In a flash, he shoved his now already hard cock glistening with dew drop like precum at its foreskinned tip in my mouth which had automatically opened up wide to receive its first ever cock.

Before I got the first taste, I smelt the intense, funky, musky smell. It was like a ripening feta cheese. In fact when he peeled thick foreskin back, I saw that his purple colored cock head was covered with cheddar cheese like substance. I gagged but he pushed with force and soon most of that man cheese crumbled in my mouth melting instantly and giving my head a rush I had never felt before. I gulped down to swallow about a pint of his precum collected in my mouth together with all the cock-cheese and felt giddy. He was least concerned about my feeling and started thrusting his 10-inch long and 8-inch-fat cock in my mouth mercilessly. I was surprised to find that I was enjoying being mouth-fucked by this dirty-smelly ghastly man with his equally smelly and ugly veiny cock. So I was really very sad when he pushed me away and before I realized what was happening plunged his cock in my wife's sloppy fucked-up cunt. He didn't waste much time in there...fucked her for all of five minutes and pumped her pussy full of his potent ugly sperm. 

He was still spurting and squeezing the last few drops of his cum in my wife's cunt when another man rushed in. He took a step back upon seeing my wife being fucked and at me sitting down on my knees in the grimy scummy floor with my mouth open and a thick strand of the Mexican's precum still hanging from the corner of my mouth. He laughed an evil grin revealing vile, yellow fangs of his teeth and fumbling with his jeans, pulled out a rather sick looking cock. It looked sick with its grey color and dark freckles all over but it was massive. I mean I have never seen such a humongous cock on any man before its girth was same as the Mexican's cock but it was long and its ridged cockhead was like the mushroom cock head of a donkey's fat cock. He slapped my face with his heavy cock and I almost saw stars. He wiped the Mexican's precum off my face with its gray-blue cock head and smeared it all over my cheeks and slapped me some more then he whispered to the Mexican, "Mate, if you are done, let me have a go at the whore." 

The Mexican was stuffing his still large cock in his pants. He turned to leave but before leaving kicked me hard in the groin, sending me reeling down in pain. This amused the gray-cock's owner and he laughed. He had stroked his ugly cock to its full length but it was so heavy that it kept falling down almost to his knees. He rubbed his rubber cock head up and down my wife's puffed up pussy but made a disgusted face when the Mexican's cum flooded and coated his cock head. Turning to me, he wiped his cock clean on my face. Then he pushed my head down and forced me to clamp it on my wife's frothy cream-pied pussy. "Suck every single drop of cum from her pussy, asshole," he said in an evil tone and I quickly started lapping at my wife's creamy musk-filled cunt. It tasted glorious and I was ashamed that I loved the taste of another man's cum from my own wife's pussy. I sucked and sucked till her pussy was shining clean. Then the gray-cock man asked me to suck his cock a little. A few slurps on his ugly but delicious cock and it was rock hard (it was rock colored anyway!). "Now be a sweetheart," he chuckled, "...and put my dong in her box." I held his massive cock gingerly and rubbed its massive donkey cock-head up and down my wife's sweet but enlarged pussy. His cock was reeking with some strange smell but I couldn't help flick my tongue out to swipe his massive black balls (yeah it was a contrast of gray cock and black balls!). Oh my sweet mother, I had never felt this good and horny ever before licking this man's black balls. I slowly sucked on his orange-sized balls and continued rubbing his cock up and down my wife's pussy. I heard low moans from my drunk wife's mouth...she was probably thinking I was fucking her. 

"Enough foreplay, motherfucker," the gray-cock owner said and pushed me aside taking "matters" in his hands. Roughly he pulled my wife's cunt lips apart and without even touching his cock plunged deep inside her fertile love tunnel. I was mesmerized to see the cock disappear inch after inch inside my drunk wife's pussy. When all of his eleven or twelve inches of cock-meat were inside, my wife flinched and came hard even in her drunken state. And that pushed the man to give her a pounding she would have not forgotten if she was awake. He fucked her long and slow enjoying the lubrication his precum and her pussy juices were providing and fucked her for 10 minutes. Then he increased his pace and shouted, "Faggot, lick my butt." I had been sitting there in the corner watching the "live porno" show but quickly dove in to lick his hairy black ass. It was funky and musky and I could taste dried sweat through his kinky nigger hair. As I touched his walnut like asshole with my cum coated tongue, he shoved his ass in my face, "Yeah, ass-licker, suck my ass, clean my butt while I fill this whore's cunt with my cock." And as I pushed my tongue inside his shit-hole, he howled and with a loud grunt thrust his cock to the deepest ravines of my wife's pussy, and my tongue felt the jerks and spasms of his nuts blasting all their potent sperm inside my wife's cunt. But once he was done, he shoved me off him stuffed his ugly cock back in his pants and lefts quickly. 

The restroom outside was now quiet and everyone was back in the stadium. But I wanted to relieve my balls sore from so much "natural" edging so I pulled my six-inch cock out and was slowly stroking it when a very young man entered the stall. He looked rather effeminate and had this huge shit-eating grin on his face. I hoped that this punk would also pound my wife's cunt but he sat down wordlessly and engulfed my rock hard cock in his lipsticked mouth. He sucked it expertly, while massaging my balls gently underneath. In no time I was holding his ears and fucking his mouth like my mouth was fucked just minutes ago and then I blasted the hottest, hardest load of cum in his hungry mouth. Dutifully, he swallowed every single drop of my bitter cum and left, giving me a wink.

Then I heard my wife's voice, slightly shaken and hurt, "I can't believe that you let a homo suck your cock right in front of me." What? I looked at her, "You saw everything?" Overjoyed that now we could do more fucking sessions with dirty black cocks and I could eat cum straight from cocks and her pussy anytime. She shattered all my hopes with her flat answer, "Yes, I woke up right that moment when you held his ears and fucked his mouth." Oh fuck. Life is surely a bitch and so is a wife! 

The end.

