The Microskirt Girls
by Vanessa Evans

The parents in 2 joined house must have had a good party or a mini orgy 9 months before both couples gave birth to a girl within a couple of days of each other.

It’s fair to say that both sets of parent were good friends and often visited each other for parties or even just to gossip and drink. As the 2 baby girls started to grow it was obvious that they were very much alike. Same shade of blonde hair, same smile, same anything that you could think of for little girls. In fact a lot of people mistook them for twins, some even thinking that they were identical twins but if you studied them you could see a couple of small differences. 

As soon as the 2 girls, Angela and Alice, started walking and in the same room they would zero in on each other and stay with each other as long as their parents would let them. As they got older Alice and Angela were inseparable, they did everything together. In school they were in the same classes and always got similar grades. When they weren’t in school they were always together. 

When they got to their early teens they were still being mistaken for twins. It didn’t help that both girls wore similar clothes which were usually a skirt and top or a dress. At school they had to wear a uniform which gave them a choice of a skirt or trousers. They always got their parents to buy them skirts.

In their mid teens Alive and Angela were given the freedom to choose their own out of school clothes and both chose skirts and dresses. By the time they were 16 neither girl owned any trousers, jeans or shorts. What’s more, they had a strong preference for miniskirts, even rolling the top of their school skirts to make them as short as they could get away with.

This often caused problems with both girls mothers who were forever telling them to, 

“Sit properly Angela (or Alice), I can see your knickers.”


Both girl’s bodies had developed in the same way, small breasts, slim bodies and hourglass figures that were were identical apart from very minor facial characteristics that were only noticeable if you studied the 2 faces.

Even before going to university both girls had discussed how they became so much alike and they had their suspicions that they had the same father although they didn’t know which father or want to raise the subject with either set of parent in case it caused problems. 

It wasn’t until both girls did leave home and go to the same university on similar courses, Alice Psychology and Angela Sociology, that they had the freedom that they were both looking forward to becoming their true, adult selves. 

They’d both booked accommodation in the same block and were successful with their request to have rooms next to each other in the same group of rooms. One of the requirements that the girls had when selecting an accommodation block was that the rooms had beds that were bigger than single beds. 

During the many sleepovers that the girls had had, even though they were in the house next door, they girls had slept in the same bed and they wanted to be able to have sleepovers in the next room at university.


Their like for similar clothes was confusing for other university students at first, but once the other students in their group realised that there were 2 almost identical girls everything became clear except that none of the other students could tell which girl was Angela and which was Alice. All the students assumed that they were identical twins even if they did have different family names.

The other students in the mixed sex groups of rooms soon got used to seeing the girls going in and out of each others rooms, often with little or no clothes on, and not thinking that it was unusual for them to be naked.

The other girls in the group just took their sometimes nudity without batting an eyelid but the boys in the group drooled at the casual nudity of Angela and Alice. The 2 girls would sometimes giggle when one of the boys suddenly got up and hurried back to his room saying that he’d just remembered something that he had to take care of urgently.


Angela and Alice were now young adults and although they loved their parents they were starting their own adult lives and were determined to make their mark on life.

The girls new found freedom soon became obvious in the clothes that they wore. Their skirts and dresses got shorter and they stopped wearing underwear of any type. Their skirts got so short that they were unintentionally displaying their charms numerous times each day. The fact that both girls shaved their pubes each day often confused their voyeurs who sometimes weren’t sure which part of their bodies they were seeing.

If anyone saw their charms and said anything either girl would just say,

“Oops sorry, I didn’t realise.”

Of course that was rubbish because both girls knew that their ‘charms’ were easily being displayed. Although most of the time they didn’t deliberately put themselves in a position where their pussies were on display they did occasionally, and it gave them a great thrill when they did display their goodies and they saw someone looking at them. 

Whenever either of them did catch someone looking at their pussies both girls got that same tingling in their pussies even if it was the other girl that had ‘accidentally’ displayed herself which prompted the girl who’s pussy wasn’t on display to ‘accidentally’ display hers to the same man or men.

Whenever that situation arose both girls experienced so much tingling that they sometimes orgasmed without their genitals even being touched. It was like their arousal was being sent by telepathy to the other girl and adding to her arousal. That would then be sent by telepathy back to the other girl increasing her arousal and the even more increased arousal would be transferred to the other girl until both girls orgasmed and the cycle was broken.  

Neither girl could explain this phenomenon but they hoped that one of their university courses would come up with the answer. They decided that if they didn’t have the answer by the end of their first year they would discuss the situation with each professor in turn until one of them came up with an answer.

Because they both enjoyed the feelings and orgasms that were a result of them seeing people looking at their pussies they started deliberately flashing their goodies more often, in fact as much as they could when they were feeling horny. And as you know, most girls in their late teens are horny one hell of a lot.


It became common practise when they had to go to the lecture hall for the girls to slouch in their seats with their knees open, and for the seats in front of them to be full with male students who kept turning their heads to get a look at the 2 pussies that were on display behind them. It was rare that the boy’s eyes ventured up the girl’s bodies and they realised that the faces of both girls looked almost identical.

Once that started in lectures both girls often had to rely on videos of the lecture to learn what they were supposed to learn at the lecture.


Both girls were popular with their male class tutors because of their skirts and the way they sat and most of those tutors made at least one attempt at hitting on them believing that if they could see a girl’s goods then she must be an easy lay.

Having said all the above, neither girl went out with many boys although they were like most girls their age and boys were of great interest to them. Being at a university there was no shortage of young men trying to hit on them, especially as Angela and Alice were wearing the shortest skirts in the university and apparently oblivious to their accidental flashing of their goodies.

The 2 girls always fancied the same boys and it was common for a boy to take one of the girls for a drink and come back with the other girl not knowing that, or when the switch had taken place. There were many times when a boy had fondled the tits or pussy or even fucked both girls but believed that he had only had his hands on, or his cock inside one of them.

That was when a boy was taking one of them out, but when the boy was back in one of the girls rooms the swap was usually more difficult. It became common practice for one girl to fuck the boy then go to get a drink in the common kitchen area and the other girl to return to the room to get the boy to think that the girl wanted to fuck twice.


Although they were on different courses they studied each other’s course notes and easily got to the state that either one of them could take the other’s exams and get the same marks. Even the professors and tutors didn’t realise that it wasn’t always the same girl in their classes. 

They spent hours going over each other’s course notes so that they were interchangeable without anyone realising.



Their love of ultra short skirts extended to the sports that they partook in. Both girls enjoyed their sports and they realised that exercise was import and to keep their figures the way they were and they made good use of the university’s facilities.

Swimming was one of the sports that they tried to do about once per week. Even before they went to the swimming pool for the first time they had swapped their one-piece costumes, that their mothers had bought them, for thong bikinis. And they certainly weren’t substantial thong bikinis, if a thong bikini could ever be called substantial, theirs consisted of flimsy thong underwear of the see-through variety. 

Unsurprisingly they attracted the attention of male students using the pool and both girls enjoyed the boys looking at their almost naked bodies as they walked around the pool and they often could be seen having a little giggle at the sight of the bulges in the boys swimming shorts.


The university had a Netball club and both girls joined. At first Angel and Alice went along just for the exercise and the fun of playing but when the club entered competitions against other universities both girls were asked if they wanted to represent their university. As there were only 4 games against other universities the girls agreed to be in the team.

There was no uniform only bright orange bibs worn on top of the girls usual playing attire. Well for Alice and Angela that consisted of thin, deep ‘V’ cut tank tops that would have shown a lot of cleavage if the girls had had bigger breasts, instead they showed lots of skin between their small breasts, and as usual, no bras.
When it came to the bottom half of what they wore the girls had purchased tennis skirts that were designed for girls a lot younger than their 18 years. They could fit into those skirts because of their slim waists and the fact that the skirts had elasticated waists.

Both skirts are ‘A’ line and made of very thin silky material that bounces at the slightest movement, and are no longer than the girl’s usual skirts, i.e. only just covering their cute little, bubble butts.

These sports clothes were what the girls wore for all sports that they took part in.

As all of the Netball team members are girls there was never a problem with their skirts bouncing up and revealing that both girls wore nothing underneath.

It was only when the team was playing against another university that something was said by the team captain. She warned Alice and Angela that there would probably be boyfriends of the opponents team watching the games and Alice and Angel may wish to consider wearing shorts or knickers under their skirts. Angela replied,

“We don’t own any shorts or knickers so unless it’s a problem for you we will not change the way we dress.”

“Fair enough but don’t go complaining if one of the opposition complains or makes rude comments.” The captain replied.

There were boyfriends watching the games and the girls noted that they spent more time looking at them than their girlfriends, a fact that was noticed by a couple of the opposition girls who seemed to loose their concentration after seeing where their boyfriends were looking.


Badminton and Squash were 2 other sports that both girls enjoyed and around once per week they could be found at the courts either playing each other or occasionally others. Quite often they would get challenged by male players who hoped to, and always were, rewarded by looks up the girl’s skirts or a look into their tops to the sight of their small breasts with pencil eraser nipples.

Usually when boys challenged them to games the girls got defeated but the girls were more interested in getting the exercise and teasing the boys than winning. They also frequently got asked out for a drink and if it were 2 boys then their game of swapping partners sometimes involved swapping clothes in the toilets.

The only other sport that both girl have always enjoyed was running and both girls could often be seen jogging around the streets and local parks, their flimsy skirts bouncing around giving numerous flashes of their bare butts and pussies, and looks at the 2 little bulges in the front of their tops.



It became second nature for the girls to wear ultra short skirts with nothing underneath and most of the time they didn’t even think about it, but the times that they did think about being at risk of being exposed all they said to each other was,

“Well people shouldn’t be looking.” Then they giggled.


Over the weeks they both started to get so used to dressing the way that they did and getting used to the reactions from people that they realised that it wasn’t as exciting for them as it first had been, they weren’t as aroused, and they discussed ways that they could increase those happy times.

One thing that they hadn’t thought about jumped out at them one morning as they were passing a notice board in the university’s main entrance. I was a flyer posted by the Art department and they were looking for Life Models.

“Look Alice,” Angela said, “the Art department is looking for nude models.” 

The smile on both girl’s faces was a mile wide as both girls knew that the other was thinking the same thing. Without even asking Alice, Angela got out her phone and called the number on the flyer. During that lunchtime the 2 girls could be found in the office of an Art teacher offering their services. 

Both girls had to stop themselves from offering those services before the teacher had even told them what was involved and what they would get paid. 

As it turned out, most of the time only 1 model was needed but there were occasions where 2 would be needed and sometimes 2 girls and not 1 girl and 1 boy.

As usual, both girls shared the job, swapping over during one of the breaks between different poses when they donned a robe and went to the toilet. Both girls enjoyed posing with a naked boy but were disappointed when none of the boy models got a hard-on which made them wonder if the teacher only offered the jobs to gay guys.

If the art teacher knew that they were swapping over during the breaks but he didn’t say anything even though both girls knew that artists would notice the minute differences between the girls. Neither girl thought that any of the budding artists knew about the swaps.

The 2 girls continued modelling right until the end of that semester when the art class moved on from sketching life models.


One thing that both girls had thought about to increase their exposure and therefore arousal, was stripping, like in a strip club. They’d spotted one when they’d been walking around town and one time that they walked passed it they saw a flyer saying that there was an amateur night coming up, so on the designated night they went to the club and told the bouncer that they wanted to enter the competition.

The girls were led to an office where the man there gave them each a sheet of paper and asked them to sign it at the bottom.

“What is this,” Angela asked.

“It’s just a standard waiver, It says that we are not liable if you panic or change your mind and try to blame us for you getting your kit off on the stage but looking at the pair of you I doubt that that will be a problem. It’s the first time that we’ve had twins stripping here.”

Neither Alice or Angela decided to put him straight. 

“Can we do our turn together please?” Alice asked.

“Twice the time and if we win we wouldn’t expect twice the prize.” Angela added.

“You mean stripping each other, like in a catfight?” 

“Yes, we’ve brought some clothes with is that we can rip off each other.”

“Well that’s another first but I don’t see why not. Okay, go and get a drink at the bar, tell the staff that you’re here for the competition and it will be free, then when a girl call Candy goes onto the stage come back here and you can get yourselves ready. Oh, what do you want to be announced as, a name?”

“Oh,” Alice said, “we hadn’t thought of that.”

“How about ‘The 2 P’s’ that sounds better than ‘The 2 A’s’. Angela said.

“What does the ‘A’ and the ‘P’ stand for?”

“Well ‘A’ is Angela and Alice, us,” Alice said, “and ‘P’ is for pussies,” Alice finished.

The man smiled and said,

“The 2 P’s it is then.”


The 2 girls went to the bar and got their free drinks then went to a table to watch the other strippers and to go over their plan one final time. 

Both girls were a little bit nervous when they heard the DJ announce that Candy was coming on the stage but their desire to be seen naked by all the men in the room far outweighed their nerves and they went to the office.

In there they were met by 3 other girls who were obviously entering the competition and the man that Angela and Alice had met earlier. All the girls were in various stages of changing their clothes, not appearing to be bothered that a man was in the room.

Angela and Alice were soon totally naked and rummaging through their bag and getting out the clothes to wear. They saw that the man was watching them but all that did was increase their arousal level that had started increasing from zero as soon as they saw the entrance to the club. The 2 ‘P’s’ slowly got dressed in identical outfits checking the fastening of each garment as they went.


Soon, one of the other 3 girls was called out onto the stage and everyone could hear the cheering and chanting. Alice and Angela wished that they could watch to see what they were up against but at the same time they weren’t really bothered. Their aim was not to win but to be seen naked by as many men as possible.

After 3 tracks the cheering rose to a crescendo and then died down and the girl came back into the room. She was naked, carrying her clothes and had a big grin on her face. She collapsed into a chair and just sat there with her knees slightly apart.

It was the same for the next 2 girls then it was Alice and Angela’s turn. They held each others hand and as they got onto the stage and they skipped to the front and turned to face the audience, still holding hands. Both girls were dressed in identical school uniforms complete with plaid miniskirts.

They turned and looked at each other then started waving a finger at each other, both looking annoyed at the other. Finger pointing turned to face slapping and hair pulling, then ripping at each other’s blouses. Soon both ripped blouses were on the floor and the girls were clawing at the other girl’s bra. Alice pulled Angela to the floor ad they were rolling about pulling at each other’s bra. The catches gave way and both bras went flying out into the audience.

By then both skirts were up around the wearer’s waist showing everyone their identical, white bikini knickers.   

First Alice, then Angel got to their knees facing each other then the face slapping started again but this time it was tit slapping as well. After both pairs of tits started to look a little red Angel dived for Alice’s skirt and pulled. Both skirt fastenings had been replaced with little velcro patches so Alice’s skirt easily came off leaving her wearing just the knickers.

Alice glared at Angela then dived for her skirt. It too was soon flying across the stage leaving both girls wearing just knickers. Both girls tried to grab at the other’s hair and as they tussled they ended up on their sides on the floor rolling over each other. They had succeeded in their plan to roll right to the front edge of the stage.

When Alice was on top of Angela she swivelled round and grabbed at Angela’s knickers. Both pairs had previously had little cuts put in them and Alice soon had Angela’s knickers flying out into the audience. 

Not wishing to be upstaged, Angela grabbed at Alice’s knickers and they too soon went flying out into the audience.

The 2 girls were roughly in the 69 position and after staring at each other’s bald pussies they dived in and performed a 69 for the audience, no more than a metre from the front of the audience.


After all the build-up it only took seconds for both girls to orgasm and they thought that they’d timed reaching those orgasms to perfection as a track of the music was just coming to an end, but both girls were surprised when another track started playing. Alice and Angela looked at each other and just knew what to do. They both got onto their knees facing the audience, spread those knees, lay back supported by one arm and used their free hand to bring themselves to another orgasm which they both knew wouldn’t take long because they were still highly aroused with the whole situation and them both having orgasmed only minutes previous.

Both girls were in the throws of their second orgasm when the track ended and as they came down from their highs all they could hear was the cheering from the audience. Both girls were deliriously happy with themselves at that moment. They got to their feet, held each other’s hand and did a curtsey to the audience before turning and walking off the stage still holding hands.


Back in the office the man said,

“Wow girls, I never expected that. A catfight is a first at this place. Having said that, the punters appeared to like it. Let’s all go out there and let the audience decide.”

Five naked girls followed the man out onto the stage and lined up ready for the man to present each one to the audience to judge the volume of applause.

Girl number one was called to the front if the stage and to the applause she jiggled her tits at the audience before turning and walking back to the line of girls.

Girl number 2 did the same but her tit jiggling was much more productive due to their larger size.

Girl number 3 had smaller tits and couldn’t really compete with numbers 1 and 2 so she turned her back to the audience, bent at the waist and did a perfect booty shake for them.

Then it was Angela and Alice’s turn. Still holding hands the walked to the front of the stage, turned to each other and kissed, then turned their backs to the audience and stood close to each other. Then they spread their outer legs and bent at the waist. There was no booty shaking, instead, they crossed their nearest arms and their hands went for the other girl’s pussy where they finger fucked each other for a good 10 seconds before standing, facing each other and sucking the other girl’s finger. 

Well, the applause and cheering was considerably louder and longer and the girls curtseyed before turning and going back to the line holding the other’s hand.

Only a deaf person could not have known that Alice and Angela had the loudest applause and they were declared the winners. The 3 losers were led off the stage while the 2 winners were awarded their prize of £100 and they were invited to come back at any time for a repeat performance.

The 2 girls slowly made their way back to the office where their clothes were and saw the other 3 contestants had got dressed and were leaving.

“Well girls,” the man said when it was just the 3 of them in the office, “as I said that was a first for the club and it certainly went down well. I’ll have to check on the wording of our license and if we haven’t broken the law I would like you both to come back and perform on a regular basis.”

“Well thank you sir.” Angela started to say.

“But we never expected our little act to go down so well.” Alice continued.

“We’d like to think about it if you don’t mind.” Angela continued.

“If you give us your phone number we’ll phone you when we’ve decided.” Alice finished their reply.

“Fair enough girls but I’m sure that you could make a lot of money with an act like that.”

Alice and Angela put on their only just decent microskirts and slightly see-through tops and left the club. They walked back to the university, arms linked and in silence most of the way until Alice said,

“That was so.”

“Hot.” Angela finished the sentence.

“So what the fuck can we follow that with?” Alice asked.

Just as they reached their building Angela said,

“That £100, we can spend in to 2 remote controlled vibrating eggs.”

“And we can have each other’s control and make each other cum.” Alice continued.

“Whenever there are loads of guys around us.” Angela added.


Two very happy girls got into bed in one of the girl’s room and went to sleep kissing and playing with each other’s pussy.

