Dani Undressed
by rockandroller©


I was slouched in the easy chair in the living room watching some dumb-ass game 
show on MTV when I heard Dani's footsteps as she came down the stairs. 

"Paul?"

"What?" I said, not taking my eyes off the TV. The girl in the scanty tank top 
was trying to win a new MP3 player. I was hoping that the camera would switch to 
a view behind the podium so that I could get a glimpse of her ass. If it was 
half as sexy as her face, then I'd have to move her up from a 'maybe' to a 'hell 
yeah!'.

"Could you do me a favor?"

"What?" Tank top girl blew it. She actually thought that a crustacean was some 
kind of piecrust. Bimbo.

"Come on," Dani said, taking my hand and pulling me from the chair.

"What do you want?" I said, turning off the TV and throwing down the remote as 
Dani pulled me towards the front door. Now that my attention had been dragged 
from the girl on the tube I could see what Dani was wearing. My little sister 
had forsaken her usual jeans for a slinky floral dress that just came down to 
mid-thigh. Her hair was combed and pretty and I caught the tantalizing scent of 
perfume. And heels! Now I knew something big was up. I hardly ever saw Dani in a 
dress and heels. And sure as hell not on a Tuesday afternoon right after she got 
home from school. 

"Just come on," she said, leading me out the door and down the driveway to my 
car.

Dani let go of my hand and kind of pushed me towards the driver's side as she 
climbed into the passenger seat. Resigned but not surprised, I got behind the 
wheel and cranked up the engine.

I'm not above giving Dani a ride when she needs one. And she seems to need one a 
lot. You know how it is when you're a senior in high school - there's always 
places to go, people to see. I remembered it well. Even though I was living at 
home with Dani and Mom and Dad to save on college expenses, I had managed to 
scrape enough together for a car. And since I owned one and she didn't it 
usually fell to me to drive her around. Not that I minded - I kind of liked 
being 'big brother with a car.'

"Where are we going?" I said in a resigned voice as I pulled away from the curb.

"Sakura Square."

The fuzzy picture of what Dani wanted this time cleared up a little. Sakura 
Square was a downtown hot spot, with some oriental stores and a restaurant that 
was known all over the city for its shrimp tempura. Obviously Dani was meeting 
some boy there. Since she didn't go on many dates I decided not to press her for 
details. Knowing Dani, it was best to let her do it her way.

We sat quietly on the ride downtown, which wasn't unusual. Dani's always been a 
little, I don't know - intense? She's very reserved, and has been ever since she 
was little. Somehow she always gave you the impression that she was thinking 
deep thoughts, but she never shared them with anybody. Not Mom. Not Dad. Not me. 
Which doesn't mean that she didn't manage to communicate her feelings well.

Take my fiancé, Joanne. Dani had made it pretty plain that she didn't like her 
without saying a thing. She practically stomped out of the room when I broke the 
news of our engagement to everyone. None of us could get her to explain what 
upset her so much. Her feelings about Joanne were so stormy that she'd get up 
and leave the room with a scowl on her face every time she heard me talking to 
her on the phone. And even with Mom and Dad's help I was never able to get Dani 
in the same room as Joanne.

After a few weeks with no explanation I decided that I'd had enough. I wanted to 
know what the big deal was. I mean, I loved Joanne, but I loved my sister too. 
And if I could find out the reason that Dani was getting so huffy all the time 
then maybe I could do something about it. So one night I went to her room to see 
if she would talk to me about it. She was lying on her bed flipping through a 
pile of magazines.

Dani's pretty good at ignoring subtlety, so I went for the direct approach. "Do 
you have some kind of problem with Joanne?"

"Nope." I knew that that wasn't the truth. Dani's eyes never left the magazine 
in her hands. Why was she acting so hostile towards Joanne if there wasn't a 
problem? I waited for her to elucidate, but she just sat there with a bored look 
on her face, turning pages.

"Come on, there must be something." I said. "Every time we're on the phone 
together you leave the room with a disgusted look on your face. And you always 
find some reason to not be here every time she's come over. What's the deal? 
She's my fiancée, you know. We're going to get married. Why don't you like her?"

Dani flipped a page as she sat there pretending I wasn't even in the room. I 
tell you, I was pretty exasperated. 

"That's it? That's all you've got to say?" Still no answer. Apparently she was 
finished speaking to me, because she acted as if I wasn't even there. I left her 
alone in her room, with all of my questions unanswered.

But you see what I mean? Without saying hardly a thing, Dani managed to 
communicate just as much as she wanted to, and no more than that. So I knew that it wouldn't do much good to try to pump her for information about why she was going to Sakura Square or why she was all prettified.

And anyone who saw her would think she was a fox when she was all dolled up like 
this. We always felt like it was Dani's quiet personality that kept her from 
going on more dates - it sure as hell wasn't her looks. If she had been 
interested, she could have had all the boys she wanted. But for some reason 
dating was just never a priority with her. I couldn't even remember the last 
time I'd seen her dressed up like this. I snuck a glance over at her, sitting 
there looking all sexy and grown up in her high heels and short dress. Whoever 
this guy was, he was pretty lucky.

When we got downtown I pulled into a parking spot on the street near the 
restaurant. While Dani gathered her little purse she said, "Don't just sit 
there. Come on."

"What?" I said. I didn't know where we were going or what was going on, but I 
got out anyway. I don't know exactly why it is, but Dani's always been able to 
get me to do pretty much whatever she wanted.

Dani wrapped her arm in mine and we walked down the sidewalk towards the 
restaurant. I pretended not to be surprised at the intimacy from my 
eighteen-year-old sister, who usually eschewed physical contact.

She quietly led us towards Sakura Square, passing some of the little oriental 
shops and over to the restaurant itself. The November afternoon had started out 
warm, but now there was a hint of fall's chill in the air and I suspected that 
we wouldn't be heading for the outdoor dining area. I was wrong. To my surprise 
we didn't go into the restaurant, but instead we went to the small courtyard at 
the side. It was furnished with stone tables with big umbrellas for outdoor 
dining. The brick ambience was softened with the addition of some trees and 
planters. One side of the square area opened to the street, and you could enjoy 
your meal while watching the cars and the passersby. Two sides were brick walls, 
and the last side had windows and a door into the restaurant itself. I glanced 
curiously inside, but I only saw one couple at a table, and they weren't very 
near the windows. The whole courtyard was open to the sky, but it was still a 
surprisingly intimate place to share an outdoor meal. 

It was about four o'clock and the happy hour rush hadn't started yet. I guessed 
that the downtown worker bees were still in their cubicles. There were a few 
people passing by on the street, and a few cars, too, but there were nowhere 
near the multitudes that would appear once work let out. 

"Stand here," Dani said, positioning me beside one of the tables near the brick 
wall. She looked over her shoulder at the pedestrians going by the open end of 
the courtyard and seemed satisfied that I was where she wanted me.

Standing in front of me Dani reached into her purse and took out a small and 
obviously expensive digital video camera.

"Wow!" I said. "Where'd you get that?"

"Borrowed it. Here," she said, handing it to me.

"What?" I said, surprised but taking it from her. It was a pretty hi-tech piece 
of equipment, but it didn't look too hard to run.

"I want you to take my picture, silly."

I couldn't even begin to imagine what she wanted, but you guys know how it is - 
I had a new gadget in my hand and that was about all that mattered. I found the 
on switch, held the camera up and positioned Dani in the viewfinder.

Now I always knew that Dani was pretty, but she had always been a little skinny 
for my taste. I was amazed to see her through the lens of the camera, which 
seemed to have added a few pounds to her slender frame. She had been magically 
transformed from spindly to damn near perfect. Dani smiled at me.

"Ready?" she said.

"Yep." I didn't know just what we were going to film, and I knew better than to 
ask, but I was ready. I thought.

"OK, now. No matter what I do, you have to promise that you won't stop shooting. 
Deal?"

"What are we doing?"

"Never mind. Promise?"

Now that was kind of odd. Why did she want a promise like that? I thought about 
it for a few seconds, but I couldn't imagine anything happening that I couldn't 
film. Besides, it was kind of like a dare. And you know how siblings are - they 
never want to turn down a dare. 

"OK." 

"OK. Action!" she said, and waited expectantly. I centered Dani in the 
viewfinder and hit the little red button. The little red light came on, and we 
were recording.

Dani turned her back to the camera and turned to look at me over her shoulder. 
She smiled right at me and I melted just a little inside. I suddenly realized 
that my little sister, the girl who had always been in the background of my 
life, was as pretty as any supermodel. Prettier.

She walked slowly away from the camera, and her hips took on a deliberate swing 
that caused her ass to sway in a very feminine movement. Her legs, which were 
long and lean to begin with, were made even longer by the heels she was wearing. 
As my eyes traveled down her legs I was practically mesmerized by her high heels 
and the pretty little strap around her ankle.

For those of you who don't know, brothers tend to have a fixed idea of their 
sister's personality, and the image of who your sister is and how she behaves 
doesn't change very often. But a few times a year she'll do something that 
causes you to realize that she's growing up, and you have to adjust your mental 
snapshot of her. My image of my little sister underwent a radical jump as I 
realized how damned sexy she was.

Dani made her way over to the brick wall and then turned and leaned her back 
against it. She kept one leg on the ground and put her other foot on the wall 
behind her. She tossed her hair and smiled at the camera. An image flashed into 
my mind of a very sexy, very expensive call girl, waiting for a trick on a 
street corner.

Then she shocked me so badly that I practically dropped the camera. Dani stared 
straight at me with a smoldering look in her eye and slowly pushed the strap of 
her dress off her shoulder. As she pushed it farther her naked breast popped 
into view. My world shrank to the size of the viewfinder in my hand and the 
sight of my sister's bare titty. It wasn't very big, just a nice handful, and I 
could clearly see the tan lines around it. My mouth began to water and I had to 
concentrate to keep the camera from jiggling as I swallowed.

But she wasn't done. Dani pushed the dress off her other shoulder, holding it 
against her chest so that it couldn't slide off prematurely. She seductively 
turned away from the camera, holding the dress up and looking over her bare 
shoulder at me. I swallowed again when she winked at the camera.

I didn't know what was going on in my little sister's head. Some kind of dare? A 
nude flash for a new boyfriend? Maybe she was one of those girls who put naked 
pictures of themselves online. I didn't know, but I was determined that she 
wasn't going to shock me. If she wanted to do some kind of nudie flirting on 
camera, I was going to film it.

Dani wiggled her ass experimentally a few times, and I felt an unwelcome twinge 
in my cock. A guy shouldn't be getting excited over his sister, even if she was 
intentionally being a tease.

Dani gently pushed the dress down to her waist. Her naked back was tanned and 
muscular. I had seen Dani's bare back lots of times before, mostly when we went 
swimming. But somehow seeing it like this, outside, with Dani stripping and her 
long legs in those high-heeled shoes, well it was a whole different back. One 
that I desperately wanted to touch. To nibble and taste. Maybe some other stuff, 
too. I had to swallow again.

The dress didn't want to continue down past the gentle swell of her hips, and 
she wiggled her butt order to facilitate the downward movement of her clothing. 
In a moment it was on the ground around her ankles, and she was wearing nothing 
but her high heels and a tiny pair of red silk panties. Still facing away from 
me Dani braced herself against the wall with one hand so that she could raise 
first one little foot and then the other, finally kicking the dress free.

My hands started trembling. I told myself that it was nothing, that I couldn't 
actually see any more than if she'd been wearing a swimsuit. A topless swimsuit, 
I guess. Who knew that my little sister had so much skin? But I figured that she 
was all done. She had to be all done, right?

But she wasn't. Dani glanced at me over her bare shoulder and ceremoniously 
stood straight up, facing away from me with her legs together. She tossed her 
hair. Then she bent over slowly until the picture of her in the viewfinder was 
mostly legs and ass and her long hair draped on the concrete. My dick twitched.

Then Dani went too far. She reached up behind her and hooked her thumbs in the 
skimpy panties. No! She wouldn't, would she? Not my little sister.

But then she did it. My little sister slowly slipped the red panties off her ass 
and down her legs. I swear I forgot who she was and where we were. I froze, my 
attention riveted on the little screen in my hands. Dani's ass was firm and 
well-muscled, and it looked perfect atop those long legs. I gazed at that taut 
little butt spellbound, as my dick grew harder than it had ever been.

Dani slid her hands up and down her bare legs, drawing attention to how long and 
perfectly shaped they were. She draped her fingers over her tiny butt and pulled 
her cheeks apart. I could clearly see her little puckered asshole and her tiny 
slit. My hips jerked in an involuntary fuck. I wanted to lick her. I wanted to 
feel that ass and kiss those legs.

I suddenly remembered that it was my little sister that I was looking at, and my 
big brother sense of protection took over. Dani wasn't going to run around naked 
in public. Not while I was there to stop her.

I let the camera drop to my side, and started towards her. Totally forgetting my 
hard dick, I was filled with righteous indignation. I glanced at the street and 
I was relieved that no one was walking by at that moment. What would Mom and Dad think? Dani, still bent over, saw me from between her legs and she stood up, 
just as mad as I was. 

"You promised!" she said in a loud whisper. Her tone of voice reminded me of 
someone commanding her dog to stop, and it worked - I stopped dead in my tracks.

Dani jiggled over to me, her heels clacking on the concrete. I wanted to rub 
myself on her legs, to fuck her little tittys, to kiss her angry lips. I was 
shocked to see that her pussy was shaved clean. It made her cleft look small and 
innocent, and I felt my dick throb, whining for a treat. I was too flabbergasted 
at the sight of my nude sister and her bald pussy to do anything but stand mute 
until she got to me.

"You promised," she said again, this time a little softer and with a pleading 
tone. Dani took the camera from me and put it down on the table. I started to 
scream at her in a hushed voice so that I wouldn't attract any attention to her, 
but Dani put her finger against my lips. It was more the pleading look in her 
eye than the finger on my lips that stopped my impromptu scolding. She wasn't 
crazy or on drugs. She just wanted something from me. From her big brother.

Dani took my hand and led me back to the spot against the wall where her 
clothing was. She leaned her back against the brick wall casually, as if she 
wasn't bare from her head to her toes. She pulled me closer to her and I went 
willingly. I figured that while she told me what was going on I could use my 
body to shield her from the street.

Dani rested her forehead on my right shoulder, her long hair hanging down. I 
thought that maybe she was ashamed, that she didn't know how to tell me why she 
was suddenly such a brazen hussy.

But she surprised me again. Dani reached down between my legs and caressed my 
rock hard dick through my pants. I was so damned shocked that I forgot all about 
protecting her naked body from the stares of strangers and I stepped away. Dani 
leaned forward and stuck her fingers in the waistband of my pants. She pulled me 
back close to her.

"Come on," she whispered. "You know you want to."

Feeling like I'd entered the Twilight Zone I tried to step away again, but Dani 
pulled me back by my pants and put her hand on my dick. I tell you, I didn't 
know what to do. If I stepped back then my little sister was naked in public and 
anyone walking by could see her. All of her. And Mom and Dad would kill both of 
us if they ever found out. Or I could stand close enough to shield her from 
sight. But then she was going to fondle my throbbing dick, which was about to go 
off without her help at all thank you very much.

"Come on, Paul. You know it's not lying to you." Dani pushed the heel of her 
hand down hard against my shaft, and I could feel the fluid leaking out of the 
end. I may not have known what to do, but she was right - it wasn't lying to me. 
It wanted her. Badly.

I closed my eyes against the sight of my suddenly very sexy sister, and my mind 
flashed to my fiancée, who had never been this blatantly demanding. Joanne was 
more the type who would get undressed in the dark and lay there while I made 
love to her. Her curvaceous figure and her soft love pillows were very sexy, but 
there was no doubt that our lovemaking wasn't very exciting. I'd sort of hoped 
that after we got married that she'd loosen up a little.

And Joanne's soft body had certainly never turned me on in the ways that Dani's 
was now. In a daze I looked down at her breasts. They were the size of an apple, 
firm and pale white with a tiny erect nipple. They were just the right size for 
cupping in my hand. I don't know how it happened, because I certainly didn't 
tell it to, but my hand closed over her breast and I could feel her nipple 
pushing into my palm.

While I was dazed and confused with my sister's bare tit in my hand, Dani 
unzipped my pants and pushed them down far enough that I was free. The cool air 
on my shaft was almost as intoxicating as holding my naked sister. I looked down 
to see Dani stroking my flushed dick, smearing pre-cum all over me.

I began panting, and Dani's hair tousled and flew and tickled my lips with each 
gasp. Her gentle strokes were having their desired effect - I was close to 
shooting off. I reminded myself that this sexkitten was my little sister, and 
that I shouldn't screw her. My mind seized on the phrase. It became my mantra. I 
shouldn't screw my sister. I shouldn't screw my sister.

Then she said the words that were guaranteed to steal my cooperation.

"Do it for me?" she whispered in my ear, her hair tickling my nose and her 
knowing hand massaging my dripping want.

Damn! Those words ought to be prohibited. Men throughout the centuries have 
seldom been able to resist those words from a pretty girl. And when the girl is 
naked in your arms, the siren call of them is damn near irresistible. Factor in 
that it was Dani asking, my little sister whom I'd do anything for, and my 
misgivings were simply lost. Not gone, you understand - just somewhere that I 
couldn't put my hands on them.



Dani Undressed
by rockandroller©


Dani seemed to know that some part of me (other than the obvious one) had 
relented. She leaned back against the wall and spread her feet far apart to 
allow me access to that place that most brothers never visit. Dani wrapped her 
arms around my neck. I glanced down and practically came at the sight of my 
naked sister. Her tits were small and bouncy, her tummy flat and beckoning, her 
pussy bare and wet. Her naked legs seemed to stretch down forever, all the way 
to her dainty ankles and her high heels. 

I bent my legs enough so that I could place the tip of my cock at Dani's smooth 
wet hole. I felt like I was three feet long. Every bit of me was on fire as I 
straightened my legs. I pushed my way into my little sister, her slick box 
gripping me tightly. Dani started panting, her breath coming in ragged gasps as 
her feet were lifted from the ground and she was impaled.

I cupped her little ass in my hands. God, it was so different from Joanne. I 
never felt like I could ever hold all of Joanne's ass - it was just too plump. 
But Dani's butt settled into my palms as if it was made to be there. My middle 
fingers touched at her asshole, which was slick from Dani's cum. I lifted up and 
took her weight into my hands.

I slid my shaft out of her slowly, almost all of the way. Then I pushed myself 
back into her welcoming hole. Dani moaned and picked her feet up, letting my 
hands, the brick wall, and my dick hold her off the ground. I took a deep 
breath, trying not to cum, and then I did it again. And again. With each thrust 
she drew her legs up a little higher, her heels dragging up the back of my legs. 
Faster and faster I went, and in a minute I was fucking my naked little sister 
outside of the Sakura Square restaurant just as hard as I could.

Dani curled into a little ball with me in the center and wrapped her long legs 
around me. I could feel her lock her heels behind my back as I bounced her 
against the wall. She began to cum, and she bit down hard on my shoulder to 
muffle the moan that escaped her lips.

Dani took me over the edge with her. My dick swelled even bigger, and then with 
a mind-blowing rush of ecstasy I started squirting hot sperm deep into my little 
sister. We froze together as I emptied myself, my hands cradling her wet ass and 
her teeth fastened securely to my shoulder. My dick had a mind of its own. It 
turned into a mindless pump, siphoning the sperm out of my balls in pulses that 
threatened to never end. I don't think that I've ever cum so much.

Finally my dick spurted its last, and I suddenly started gasping, trying to 
replenish the air that Dani had stolen from me. My sister trembled in my arms, 
trying to catch her own share of the oxygen that was mysteriously missing from 
the air around us.

Enough of my senses returned to me to make me realize how uncomfortable I was, 
trying to hold Dani's slippery ass on my dick out where anyone could see us. I 
bent my legs so that I could slide out of her.

I felt feel Dani start to lower her legs to the ground, and I reluctantly let go 
of her gorgeous little ass. I was dizzy and exhausted, and I placed my palms 
against the wall behind her. I felt like I had poured all of my energy into her 
along with my seed.

Dani's tiny tittys pressed into my chest. She looked up at me and gently gave me 
a long wet kiss. I returned it greedily, and an all-consuming dizziness washed 
over me. I would have fallen if I wasn't holding the wall. It was the first time 
that we'd ever kissed like that - exploring, teasing, tasting. After our 
lovemaking, that kiss melded us together forever. I'll never forget it.

I was still trying to catch my breath, to recoup enough energy to move. Dani 
apparently had no such problems, because she ducked out of my arms and bent over to pick up her dress and panties from the sidewalk. Even though I was so drained that it was impossible, some part of me wanted to start all over when I saw her little ass and skinny legs. If you'd asked me at that moment, I wouldn't have 
even known my own name. Dani stood back up with her hands inside the dress. She put her hands high up above her head and it slipped down easily over her skinny body, and in a few seconds she was transformed from naked-just-fucked slut to hot-girl-on-a-date. She smoothed the ruffled fabric over her hips.

Dani's red silk panties were in her hand. I watched amazed as she lifted her 
dress and used them to wipe between her legs, closing her eyes and savoring the 
feel of the wet silk on her bare pussy. Then she really surprised me. Sis picked 
up her purse and took out a plastic bag. She ceremoniously dropped the wet 
panties inside, zipped it shut and tucked it back into her purse. 

"Let's go," she said brightly. She pretended to just notice that I was still 
hanging out, my dick shiny with her cum. "Come, on. Come on. Take care of that 
and let's go." Dani waved her hand in the direction of my crotch and stood there 
expectantly.

I couldn't even begin to speak. There were too many emotions trying to force 
their way to my attention. Guilt. Betrayal. Lust. How long had Dani wanted this? 
Why me? What was I going to do about Joanne? God, but that was the hottest fuck 
I'd ever had. What was the deal with the panties? Could I keep her a secret from 
my fiancée? Was this a one-time thing? My thoughts were practically incoherent, 
but I somehow managed to put my flaccid equipment away and make myself 
presentable. Dani reached out to me and took my hand. She led me out of the 
courtyard and back to our parking spot on the street.

We got back in the car without a word. I knew that it wouldn't do me any good to 
grill her about what we had just done. Dani would tell me in her own time or not 
at all. In my mind's eye I could see very clearly her sitting there with a 
secretive smile on her face refusing to answer all of the questions that I had. 
So I didn't even try.

I drove quietly, my mind endlessly replaying what we'd just done. Why did it 
have to be outside? Did anybody see us? How come I didn't know that my little 
sister was so damned sexy? I had a whole new appreciation for her skinny legs 
and I kept glancing at them. Dani seemed to enjoy the attention, because she 
hiked her skirt just a little and crossed her legs to give me a better view. She 
smiled at me, and she obviously enjoyed watching the confusion play over my 
face. Jesus. I always knew that Dani had thoughts that she wasn't sharing. But I 
never imagined she was harboring such dirty feelings for her big brother.

I glanced at her legs again. A stray rivulet of cum, missed when she had cleaned 
up with the panties, had trickled down the inside of her tanned thigh. Dani 
noticed me looking and followed my eyes down to it. Ceremoniously she wiped it 
up with her finger and popped it in her mouth. She giggled at the look on my 
face. I dragged my overloaded brain back to my driving.

There was also the whole matter of Joanne to consider. Ohmigod, if she ever 
found out she'd have my balls. I mean, it's not like we were married yet, but 
that didn't really matter, did it? I'd betrayed her. And with my sister no less. 
God, she'd never understand. Not in a million years. I resolved to never speak a 
word of this to anybody. Ever. And to find some way to exact a similar promise 
from Dani.

Sis interrupted my dizzying train of thought. "Stop here."

I was still driving on automatic pilot, so I obeyed her instructions and pulled 
up in front of a Kinko's print shop. Dani said, "I have to go use the computer 
for a few minutes. I'll be right back." 

I spent the time while Dani was inside trying to come up with the right words to 
make her tell me out what the hell was going on in her pretty little head. I 
didn't really make much progress. True to her word, Dani was back in a few 
minutes and I pulled away and headed for home. I had pretty much decided to go 
for an all-purpose 'What the hell was that all about?' when she spoke up.

"It was an initiation."

"Huh?"

"When you were going to Hamilton did you ever hear of the Panty Girls Club?"

I shook my head. I sure as hell would have remembered something about a Panty 
Girls Club. The fact was that I didn't know anybody who was in Dani's school, 
because there was enough difference in our ages that everybody I was in high 
school with had graduated the year before she started.

"Well it's a secret society. For girls." Dani giggled, and went on in a singsong 
voice. "And I just became a card-carrying member."

I couldn't believe it. "Let me get this straight. You just joined some secret 
club by fucking your brother?"

Dani laughed again. "No, that part was entirely my idea. I just had to go to a 
public place with a boy and bring back the panties with some sperm on them."

I couldn't believe it. My sister had fucked me just to get into a club, and my 
sperm was her proof? Ohmigod.

I suddenly remembered how she'd started this - with a video camera. The picture 
was becoming clearer. "And that's what the video was for? To prove that you'd 
done it?"

Dani giggled again. This was turning into a real chuckle-fest for her. "No, that 
was for something else. Do you know Jill Ashton? Well, she was there watching 
from the end of the building. She was my witness, so that I wouldn't cheat by 
getting some boy to jack off into my panties."

I was aghast. "Let me get this straight. You wanted to join some secret club, so 
you stripped outside and fucked your big brother in front of a witness?"

"Well, yeah. But she didn't know it was you. Remember how I kept my face on your 
shoulder? She couldn't see your face from where she was." I thought back, and 
she was right. The end of the block with the people going by had been off to my 
right, and with Dani's left cheek against the right side of my face no one 
watching from the open end of the courtyard could have seen that it was me.

"But if you had a witness, then what was the video camera for?"

Dani's voice was as calm as if we were discussing what Mom was making for 
dinner. "Do you remember when I took the camera from you and put it on the 
table? I left it running. It caught everything. I know because I just watched 
the video on a computer at Kinko's."

"But if you didn't need the video to join the club, then what was it for?"

Dani bit her lip and seemed to be gathering her courage before she could tell 
me. She turned to stare out her window as if contemplating the right words to 
use. She finally spoke with a feigned indifference in her voice. "Joanne. I 
emailed her a copy of the video. I sent you a copy too."

I don't know how I managed to keep the car from crashing. I know that there was 
the sound of squealing tires and several horns honked at me before I regained 
enough control to scream at her at the top of my lungs.

"You did what?"

Dani was all done talking to me. She just sat there looking out her window as if 
I wasn't even in the car with her. I screamed at her. I yelled. Now I knew why 
she had chosen me. This wasn't just about some secret club. This was about me. 
About screwing things up with my fiancée. I would have never thought that you 
could get so mad at a girl you'd just slept with. And I wouldn't have thought 
that my little sister could do something like this to me. But I was learning 
lots of new stuff that day.

Obviously Dani had sent it from the Kinko's. Jesus! I was the one who took her 
right to the store, and I was sitting in my car while she sent it! If I had 
known what she was doing I could have stopped her. But she waited until it was 
too late to tell me. God, she had planned this whole thing down to the last 
minute.

I was beyond furious. When we got home I dashed into the house and up to my 
computer. I guess I was hoping that Dani had been lying, and that she hadn't 
actually sent the video to Joanne. But I was disappointed. In my inbox was a 
copy of a message to Joanne. The subject line said, "He cheats."

My heart was somewhere in the region of my stomach as I clicked open the 
attachment. The video popped open, and of course Dani hadn't lied. It showed the 
two of us making love against the brick wall outside the Sakura Restaurant. Oh, 
she knew exactly what she had been doing.

The video started with the shot of my back as I walked into the frame. Dani had 
edited out the first part of the shot where she had undressed and gotten me so 
turned on. I watched in amazement as my sister stroked my cock through my pants. 
As she unzipped me. As she whispered in my ear and I pushed myself into her and 
fucked her against the wall of Sakura Square. 

I could even see people walking by the open end of the courtyard. Most of them 
didn't look towards us at all. The ones that did look obviously didn't realize 
what they were seeing, because they just walked on by. 

One young girl spotted us and did know what she was seeing. She tugged on her 
boyfriend's sleeve to get his attention. They both smiled as they walked by, 
watching Dani's bare legs wrapped around my butt as I fucked her against the 
wall. I had a feeling they were going to do some fucking of their own later on. 

I was even able to spot the girl who must have been Dani's witness, Jill. She 
appeared in the background several times, walking by in one direction and then 
the other. Her eyes never left us each time she went by. When Dani and I finally 
got to it she stopped behind the corner of the building with just her face 
showing and watched while I filled Dani with sperm.

You could easily see that it was me in the video fucking a naked girl outside of 
the restaurant. Dani's bare legs were wrapped around my back as I plunged into 
her over and over. She had deliberately kept her face out of the frame by 
keeping it on the wrong side of my face, a move that also hid my face from Jill. 
Oh, Sis had thought this out pretty thoroughly.

I sank down into my seat. There was no doubt that when Joanne saw this that my 
engagement was over. I wasn't even going to call her to try to explain, because 
there was no way I could. Fucking outside a restaurant in broad daylight? I 
couldn't even kid myself that my fiancée would understand. Dani had cut Joanne 
from my life as easily as a hot knife through butter.

"Told you." I looked up to see Dani leaning in my doorway. I was too bummed at 
what she'd done to say anything. In one short hour Dani had joined some secret 
club, made a porn video worthy of Aurora Snow, permanently gotten rid of my 
fiancée and seduced her big brother. Amazing.

Dani walked over to my chair and stood in front of me. She ruffled my hair and 
said, "Don't be sad, Paul. You don't know it yet, but you don't love Joanne. Not 
really."

My sister casually hiked her dress up so that she could spread her legs and 
straddle me. I caught a glimpse of her bald tiny slit as she sat down, her 
skinny legs spread wide and her bare ass on my lap. She looked in my eyes for a 
moment and then leaned forward and gave me a soft kiss.

"It isn't all that bad, is it? You can do better than Joanne." I couldn't 
believe it. She sounded like she really cared after what she'd done to me. I 
couldn't even begin to answer her. But my dick apparently didn't have the 
remorse for my lost fiancée that I did. The temptation of my sister's velvet box 
only inches away was too much for it, and it started to grow.

I resigned myself to Dani's resolve and the end of Joanne. As angry as I was at 
her, I could feel my animosity towards my sister start to wane. She just did 
what she felt like she had to in order get rid of a girl that she thought wasn't 
right for me. It was kind of flattering that she went to such lengths just to 
keep me from marrying someone she thought was the wrong girl. Besides, maybe she was right. Maybe I could do better than Joanne. Hell, maybe I already had.

Dani pushed the slinky dress off her left shoulder, exposing her tiny white 
breast. Her nipple obviously hadn't gotten enough at our afternoon fuck, because 
it was still stiff and begging for more attention. Dani held her naked breast up 
for me and pulled my head towards her nipple. I didn't fight her one bit. I 
suddenly wanted that little nubbin between my lips more than anything.

"There you go, big brother." 

Dani gasped as I slurped her love apple into my mouth. She held my head in her 
hands as I flicked my tongue over her erect nipple. I could feel little shivers 
course through her body as I suckled my little sister.

"Joanne's not the right girl for you," she said. "She never was."

And you know what? She was right. Joanne wasn't the right girl for me.

Thank you for reading - I hope you enjoyed it! For those of you who might not 
know, this is a sequel of sorts to another of my tales called The Panty Girls 
Society. There is also one with a similar theme called Video of the Week. Please 
do check out my other stories and let me know what you think about them also. 
Thanks for your comments. 













