Bella's point of view, Bella dominant:

~~o0o~~

I was lying on my bed reading a Lauren Henderson tart noir murder mystery when it started. I sighed as the dark, haunted strains of Chopin's Nocturne in C-Sharp minor wafted up out of Edward's music room. Shit, it was the goddam anniversary again. Unlike Edward I tried to forget about it but he seemed unable to let it go.

I'd long since forgiven him for leaving me in the woods that day, so many years ago now, back when I was human. My memories of that time were human too and had faded after my change, along with many of my recollections of those first eighteen years.

Edward of course had been a vampire when he left me so he recalled every word, every feeling, every second. Perfectly. Not that he could bear to do so, the months when he was apart from me a blur of pain and loss, from what he'd told me.

I could recall my devastation and depression and the lunatic things I'd done to cope, but it was all hazy now, seen through the veil of my change, an eroded mosaic. The sting had gone out of it.

Edward, being who he was, had never forgiven himself. Every year he wallowed in self-hatred, playing pieces like the Nocturne or listening to grim, bleak music like Nine Inch Nails' Hurt and shutting himself away.

Oh for fuck's sake, I was fed up with this. Every damn year I had to jolly him along, trying to get him to move on and leave the past behind. Hard to do when I was the main trigger for his pain, reminding him just by my presence of what he'd put me through. I felt like putting a bomb under him.

Hah! Better than a bomb. Maybe he needed to wallow? Maybe he'd never felt adequately punished when I forgave him so readily? Well, I could certainly do something about that.

I flashed to my walk-in closet and leapt to the top shelf, rummaging about there. There it was, stored away for a rainy day, the FedEx package. I grinned. Thank Christ he couldn't read my mind, it was going to be such an excellent surprise.

~~o0o~~ 

We had the house to ourselves today, which was just as well. I pulled the wrappings off the package and extracted the folded bundle of deep blue leather. I stripped and slid on the tight-fitting pants and pulled up the zipper. They clung to me like a second skin. Remembering the last time we tried this, I didn't bother with a thong or panties. Once the pants came off any other obstructions were just going to be an irritation.

Now for the top half. He did so love my tits, so a bit of enhancement was all to the good. I put on a new blue lace bra, front-fastening and very low-cut. Then the jacket, the soft leather molding to me slick and gleaming, accentuating my curves. I zipped it all the way up to the high neck. He'd appreciate it more if he had to use his imagination before unwrapping me completely.

And then my feet. I had no boots to match the blue leather exactly, but black accessories would do just fine. Short black patent leather spike heeled boots with chains and studs. Black leather gloves. Yes. I walked to and fro, admiring myself in the mirror. Suddenly a tiny shard of human memory flashed across my mind and I recalled the early days with Edward when I'd thought vampires weren't visible in mirrors. I smiled.

Where was the damn whip though? I rummaged through some cupboards and finally located it in with my corsets and garter belts. The props department.

Almost ready. I shook out my hair and ran a brush through it then put some dark red lipstick on my mouth - not at all my usual thing but part of the costume.

Chopin was still drivelling away mournfully as I strode down the stairs and along the hall to the music room that served as Edward's study. You want to wallow? Get some Wagner on baby, this Valkyrie's on the warpath and it's gonna be sturm und drang all the way.

~~o0o~~ 

Edward jumped back from the piano and looked around wildly as I slammed the door open breaking one of the hinges, and strode into the room. He'd half fallen into a hunting crouch but he straightened, puzzled, once he saw it was me.

"Bella? Wha…oh fucking hell…"

He was staring at the blue leather dominatrix suit, his mouth hanging open, eyes wide and dark. More precisely, he was staring at the tits area of the suit. I let the whip unfurl and then cracked it dramatically. Cool, it actually worked. A bentwood chair shattered, sliced in half. Edward's eyes swivelled sideways to the chair, then back to me. He swallowed nervously.

"Careful with that thing Bella, you could do someone an injury…"

"Silence!" I glared at him. "I haven't given you permission to speak you despicable wretch."

"Steady on sweetheart, you're getting a bit carried away…"

The whip lashed out again, severing the light fitting above his head. It smashed to the floor between us, chandelier crystals rolling to and fro.

Edward took a pace back, his hands in front of his groin protectively. "Fuck…"

"In your dreams, you miserable turd. I heard the Chopin and I know what that means. It's the anniversary. The anniversary of when you were very bad indeed. The anniversary of when you left me, you sack of shit. Yes? Am I right?"

He looked devastated and I briefly wondered if I was going to traumatize him for life. Or for forever anyway. No, press on, this wasn't going to work if I wimped out and lost my nerve. Radical surgery.

"Answer me asswipe! Is that what you're moping about?"

"Yes," he said quietly, looking defeated.

"OK. This is how it's going to be, Edward. This year I'm not going to console you. I'm fed up to the back teeth with all that crap. This year you're going to get the punishment you deserve."

I strode over to him, kicking glass shards out of my way. He cowered back a little but I grabbed his jaw in my hand and held him still.

"Remember Munich?" I crooned, running the whip handle down his chest and belly and knocking aside his hands. I held the whip sideways and rubbed it up and down against his groin. He was hard of course, but nowhere near as hard as he was going to be.

His breathing quickened slightly at the mention of Munich and he looked somewhat less terrified.

"Have you been bad Edward? Have you been a very bad boy?" I was still stroking his groin with the whip and I felt his cock stir. I let go of his jaw and fisted my hand in the hair at the nape of his neck, pulling his head back a little. "Well?"

He licked his lips. "Yes, I've been bad. I've done wrong. I'm so sorry…"

I cut him off sharply. "Sorry won't cut it. What happens to boys who've been bad, Edward? Very bad indeed? Boys who've been unforgivably bad?"

He stared back at me, biting his lip. "They need to be punished…I…I need to be punished…"

There was a definite bulge in his pajama pants now, and I ran the whip around it. His eyelids fluttered briefly and he gasped. I grabbed the waistband of the pajamas and ripped them off him with one swift movement, throwing them aside. He was bare from the waist down now, his cock half-hard. His hands hovered a little protectively at the sides but he knew better than to cover himself. I tore off his gray T-shirt as well, leaving him completely naked.

"Get over to the couch."

I nodded at the old black leather couch on the other side of the room, a relic from his bedroom in Forks. He padded over there obediently.

"Bend over the arm."

He looked at the thick padded arm of the overstuffed couch then back at me nervously. I took a menacing step towards him and he scooted across to the arm and bent himself over it, supporting himself on his hands. I dropped the whip and pushed his hands forwards onto the couch itself so that his stomach was resting on the arm and his ass a little more raised up in the air.

I prowled around him, liking how exposed he was, his cute muscular ass clenched a little in fear or anticipation. Taking his hips I pulled him back slightly so that his cock wasn't pressed right up against the black leather. Then reaching in between his legs, I caressed his balls with my gloved hand and ran my finger back along the crack of his ass until I reached the small of his back. He whimpered and his legs trembled briefly.

"You've been bad, Edward," I said in a soft, crooning voice, then smacked him on the right butt cheek. He gasped. It didn't leave a red mark as there was no blood to pool there, so I had to judge how hard to hit as best I could.

"So very bad." I smacked his other cheek. He moaned softly.

I stripped off my gloves, wanting to feel his skin, and reached in between his legs again, taking his cock in my hand. It was hard by now, and I slid my fingers into the slippery liquid leaking from the slit, smearing it across the swollen head of his cock and making him shudder, his hips bucking involuntarily.

"So very bad" I crooned, "and you certainly don't deserve any more of that, you naughty boy."

I slid my hand down his cock, over his balls and ran my finger back up his perineum and across his anus. He grunted, bucking again.

"You need to be punished, for being such a shit. Ask me to punish you. Beg me, Edward."

I ran my hands lightly over his ass, promising the chastisement to come. "Say the words, Edward, say them…"

"Punish me!" he choked out, "Punish me Bella, I should never have left you, please punish me…"

I smacked him hard on the ass again, alternating sides as he sobbed out his guilty pleas, not stopping until his legs began to tremble.

He was making an odd keening, whimpering noise by now and I worried that I might have gone too far and actually hurt him. I needed to check.

"Stand up and turn around," I ordered.

He pushed himself back from the couch with difficulty. His legs were unsteady, still shaking a little. He turned to face me and his cock was rock hard, standing out from his body. He was panting and his eyes were glazed. He kept them cast down but I could see him staring hungrily at my groin in the blue leather. No, I hadn't gone too far. Good.

~~o0o~~ 

"Time for you to make it up to me now, Edward," I purred. "Do you want to do that? To make up for the hurt you caused?"

I tilted his head up so that his eyes met mine. The glazed look shifted to one of longing. "Yes. Make it up to you. Want to…"

"Kneel down and take my boots off."

He dropped to his knees and undid the buckles and zippers, sliding my boots off one by one. As he took off each boot, he kissed my foot. A nice touch.

"Now my pants. Take them off."

He needed no second telling, fumbling excitedly with the snap fastening at the waistband. I stopped him as his hands went to the zipper.

"With your teeth. And don't fucking rip the leather."

He made a small sound then leaned in, breathing heavily. He took my hips in his hands to steady himself. I looked down at his tousled bronze head as he delicately took the zipper in his lethal teeth and slid it down. When it was fully open he pressed his mouth and nose against the exposed flesh of my stomach, inhaling deeply, then exhaling in a sighing gasp.

His hands gently began to pull the tight pants down my body. He slid his hands into the front where the zip gaped open and ran them around my hips and ass, shoehorning the leather away and down, stroking me all the while. Jesus. I tried to control my breathing and focus.

Edward continued stroking my legs as he pulled the pants down to my ankles. He slid my right foot out of the blue folds, caressing my calf all the while. As he lifted my left foot up and pulled off the pants, pushing them aside, he raised my leg a little further, putting it over his shoulder.

He lifted his eyes and looked up at me for permission. I nodded and he smiled blissfully, turning his face into the soft skin inside my thigh, his tongue snaking out as he licked a wet trail up to my groin. He flicked his tongue feather-light across my dark curled pubic hair, already wet with my excitement at his touch. His long tongue slid down the inside of my right thigh, then back up to my sex again.

His hand left my hip and he parted my slick folds, spreading me as he bent and slid his tongue gently into my wet flesh, pushing it across my swollen clit, in and out, in and out. I clutched his hair for support, tilting my pelvis helplessly towards his mouth. Fuck. So good, ah fuck he was good.

We moaned together, and he pushed his face further in, taking my clit in his lips and humming around it, making me curse and buck. Then his tongue was back, flicking and licking, forcing my hips to thrust and my head to fall back, making me grunt and tremble. I was going to fall over if he kept this up.

I stilled his head, pushing him back a little and he looked up, the juices from my cunt glistening around his mouth and nose, his eyes hot and hooded. Disappointment and anticipation warred in his face as he waited for my next command.

Swinging my leg off his shoulder I turned and walked over to the couch. I paused there and turned to face him, beckoning him over.

"Come here. On your knees."

He crawled towards me on all fours, staring up at me from under those thick lashes and brows. I watched, fascinated, as his muscles slid powerfully under the marble skin, catlike, predatory. So fucking beautiful. He kneeled before me, looking up, waiting and I bent and raised him to his feet.

"Take off the jacket."

His eyes flashed and he raised his hand, reaching for the zipper at my neck.

"Nah ah - use those clever teeth."

Tilting his head as though for a kiss, he leaned into my throat and took the zipper in his mouth, drawing it slowly down my chest. As he passed the blue bra he gave a soft sigh. He straightened once the jacket was open and slid it off my shoulders, letting it fall to the side.

"Now the bra. You can use your hands."

He stroked his hands down the swell of my breasts then across the lacy fabric to the center fastening, unhooking it quickly and peeling the scraps of blue lace back, pushing them off my shoulders. His hands rested on my breasts, gently toying with my nipples, and he looked a question at me, hopeful.

"No, I think later." He pouted a little.

I sat on the couch, my legs spread, and beckoned to him.

He came into the crook of my legs and took my ankles, bending my legs at the knee and spreading them, placing my feet on the edge of the couch beside my hips. He pressed my legs apart and they fell back, pushing my sex forwards, opening me to him completely.

He steadied my hips with his left arm around my waist and bent down. His tongue teased my clit as his long fingers slid into my cunt, curved and stroking the wall where it was roughened and sensitive, where it burned and kindled a sucking need deep in my pelvis. My walls clenched around his hand and my hips thrust automatically.

Moans and whimpers were all I could manage, my head turning blindly from side to side and my hands up over my head, clutching the back of the couch as my back arched, breasts thrust out, nipples hard. He gazed up across my mound, drinking in the sight, then his mouth took my clit and sucked powerfully, his fingers thrusting hard now, rough against the place that throbbed deep inside.

Too much, too fucking good, melting burning screaming good. Edward gripped me tightly as I thrashed against his face and the ecstasy convulsed me. The black leather ripped across the back of the couch where my fingers gouged into it.

He held me tightly, his face against my belly now, both of us panting as he gently stroked my back.

~~o0o~~ 

"Yeah, OK" I said shakily after a while. "That was a good start on the reparations."

I felt him chuckle softly against my stomach. Oh but I wasn't done with him yet. Not yet.

"But only a start. Stand up."

I tried to make my voice masterful again. Difficult when your limbs feel like jelly and your pelvis is glowing like a banked fire.

He pushed back and stood. God his cock was hard, almost vertical against his stomach and twitching, the head wet and slick. I was desperate to wrap my lips around it and suck, but that wasn't in role for today, it would make me too passive.

I stood up and pushed him back down onto the much-abused couch. Hopefully it could be repaired, he was sentimentally attached to the old thing.

He sat there, smiling crookedly, staring up at me from under his eyelashes in a way he knew damn well drove me wild. His cock rose up from his lap like an invitation to dance and he braced his arms on the couch to either side and pushed his hips forward at me, moving suggestively. Bastard.

Tempted though I was to spank him again, there were other ways to torment him. I straddled him and grabbed the battered back of the couch again. His hands came up to hold my waist but I was having none of that.

"Hands by your sides. No talking and no moving."

His hands fell away and his face lost the smirk.

Staring into his eyes I moved myself onto his cock, sliding my wet flesh so that he was just at my entrance. He made a harsh noise and the tendons in his neck stood out with the effort not to thrust into me.

I began to move, sucking him into me slightly, then out again, only the head of his cock sliding in and out, torturing him.

His head fell back and he grunted out long quivering groans, driving his fingers into the black leather of the couch seat as though it were butter and pulling up handfuls of horsehair. Definitely off to the upholsterers after this.

I quickened my pace, finally taking pity on him as his legs began to tremble and sliding right down onto him, taking him fully inside me and clenching around him rhythmically as I flexed my knees and fucked his long, hard shaft.

He flung his arms back, outstretched as he clutched the back of the couch. He had lost all control now, ramming his hips up into me, his eyes shut and lips drawn back in a snarl of lust, desperate grunts falling from his mouth as he hammered himself faster and faster up into my cunt, his hips a blur of motion and his legs twitching and flexing.

All I could do was cling to him, our roles forgotten, blasted away by the desperate pleasure as I rode his frenzied thrusts and the banked fire flared into a raging furnace again then burst, flooding through me and leaving me limp. He pulled my boneless body hard against him and clutched me tight while he pumped himself raggedly into me, head on my shoulder, sobbing incoherently into my neck as he quivered inside me and came.

~~o0o~~

He kept thrusting gently, his lips on my throat, and I pulled his head down to my breasts as he moaned and slid his wet mouth across my nipples, sucking softly, making small dazed sounds.

I combed his wild hair with my fingers, massaging his scalp. He shuddered with pleasure and pushed his head into my hands like a cat wanting to be stroked, moaning around my breasts.

"OK," I said with shaky satisfaction. "No more fucking Chopin today after that."

He unfastened his mouth for a moment and smiled, leaning in and kissing me softly.

"No more Chopin," he agreed.

"And really it's a win-win situation," I continued somewhat breathlessly. "Either that'll knock the guilts out of you for good or if it doesn't, a year from now I'll just have to punish you again."

He smiled around my nipple, his voice a little muffled as his hips moved insistently, deliciously.

"We'll just have to see, won't we…when the time comes…"

Then his finger slid between us and across my clit and he sucked hard, his teeth grazing my nipple and I came again, shuddering in his arms.

Thank you FedEx. Thank you Chopin. See you next year.

~~o0o~~