Unplanned camping with my Sikh friend
By Bhuralund@gmail.com 

Last weekend we had planned very carefully. Especially because the kids had gone to stay with my wife -(TM)s parents for a week and we had each other to ourselves. We planned to get drunk and have lots of dirty sex. So imagine when my friend Sarabjeet Singh dropping in on Friday evening and asked us for an ear. Oh wow, what a bummer we looked at each other but he is my best friend and had many times helped me at work. He was having a bad time with his business and just needed someone to hear him out.

My wife is not particularly fond of him as he is a bit haggard in his looks and well hygiene. Being a Sikh, he is very hairy. I mean I am hairy too but Singh is like an ape. He has hair everywhere  -" bushy eyebrows, long flowing beard and moustache, even the back of his neck and hands are full of thick long hair. But she doesn -(TM)t mind the hair, she just can -(TM)t stand the way he smells. Well actually even I feel a bit offended by the musky, sour smell of sweat that he emanates but then he -(TM)s my friend and being a man I shouldn -(TM)t be affected by such small stuff so I don -(TM)t mind and after all he -(TM)s got the best stories and jokes to tell (all x-rated!). And a great stash of pornos which he lends me and I watch sometimes behind my wife -(TM)s back as she hates porn.

So anyway, I thought he could just spend some time with us and then we could continue but before we could settle in front of the TV with some more whiskey and beers he asked us if we could like to go for a drive in his new SUV. Now at our age a drive out in the night is not a fantastic idea --but then it was after years that we were finally alone without the kids and if he was driving, I could drink without inhibitions --so I said yes, caressing my wife to warm her up to the idea,  -but only if we sit behind and you drive. -

Anyway, we got in his car, the way we were  -" me in my running shorts and a sweatshirt and my wife wearing a knee-length nightie. Singh had arrived straight from office and was still wearing a suit.  We had taken two bottles of wine with us and in half-hour the two were finished (well, we were swigging straight from the bottle). To our surprise, Singh pulled the car in a deserted part of the road and parked the car at the end of a path leading to the deep jungle. Then he hauled an ice-box from the boot  -" it was full of beers and wine bottles. Voila! My wife and I were happy spiders as we started drinking ourselves silly. Singh also drank with us and chatted about his woes. Finally after having a bottle of wine to himself, he sighed and said in an emotional voice  -"  -Thanks guys, you are like family to me and the way you have listening to me today has really heaved the stone off my chest. Thank you. - 

He said and collapsed on the grass. Now we were really stunned. In the middle of nowhere, dressed the way we were and drunk to boot, there was no way I or my wife could have drove us back to our house. It was already close 10pm and worse, we had no mobile phones between us, not even Singh (I searched him). Damn. Stupid Singh and his business. I was wondering what to do when I realized that my wife too had passed out. I really felt stupid. It was getting a bit cold too. I was sitting like that when Singh opened his eyes.  Realizing my worry, he staggered to the boot and pulled out what looked like a tent.

 -I think, - he stammered,  -we should just sleep in this tent. - I had no other option really so I helped him fumble to set up the tent. It was a good quality tent but it was a bit small  -" probably meant for a couple. But there were three of us and there was no way we could have slept in the car, the battery would run out if we had kept the heater on. So I suggested we all sleep together. Singh agreed and my wife, who had also  -woken - up although still drunk, also agreed. 

We decided that my wife would sleep on the side, then I and then Singh. And so my wife slid in and I followed her.  Singh, sighed, and took out his suit. My wife -(TM)s back was towards him so she didn -(TM)t notice anything, but I saw and was wondering how we could spend the night with the smelly Sikh. Singh hung his suit in the car and wearing just a pair of boxers, slid in behind me. It was surely a squeeze but the warmth of his naked body was so comforting.   -Can you sleep on the other side of your wife, - he whispered in my ears,  -your hair is tickling my nose. - It sounded a straightforward request and I complied.

As I flipped over my wife, my cock came in touch with her pussy mound and started awakening. I waited for about 10 minutes and as I heard Singh -(TM)s heavy breathing, I pulled her to my side and started kissing her discreetly. She was drunk but not so much that she wouldn -(TM)t respond to my wet and sloppy kisses. Soon we were deep inside each other -(TM)s mouths exploring cavities and saliva. I slipped my hand in her panties and slowly started flipping my finger against her well-lubricated cunt slit. She was bucking her hip against my fingers slightly and soon I jammed three on my long fingers in her cunt. I must have hit her jackclit when she arched her back in the confined tent and came hard against my finger joints. I pulled her around from the waist to spoon her and using my hand and my toes, I removed her sodden panty completely. Fortunately because of the booze she was a bit uninhibited otherwise she would not behave like this especially with Singh around.

Once her cunt was free of the panty, I stroked my cock-soldier to rock hardness and slowly inserted it in her slick pussy. The flared mushroom head came out of its sheath and slid in effortlessly. And slowly I started fucking my wife just a few cm away from my stinking hairy Sikh friend. I was somehow aroused by the sheer fact that he was lying so close to my wife wearing nothing but a thin pair of boxer shorts. I came so hard thinking about Singh that it must have been the best orgasm of my life. Then I immediately fell asleep, my weeping cock still inside my wife -(TM)s fucked up pussy.

Late in the might, I woke up again when I felt something move. It was Singh and he was slowly grinding himself against my wife. My cock had long slipped out of her cunt and I could feel the wetness of my own cum and her juices all over my thighs. My wife was facing me and her on arm was resting on my waist. I could feel her body move ever so slightly each time Singh pushed himself on her. I thought of pushing him away but noticed that just the thought of him grinding his cock on my wife -(TM)s buttocks had made my own cock snap back to attention. Whoa. Let -(TM)s see what he will do and I pretended I was asleep. 

Singh slowly adjusted my wife -(TM)s legs so that he had easy access to her lubed up pussy. I had slipped my hand between her legs to prevent him from fucking her with his hairy black uncut cock but I was not prepared when I suddenly felt his scalding hot and rock hard cock slip between my thumb and the index finger. I involuntarily touched its satiny but rock hard tip and felt a thick string of precum flow out as he pushed in my wife -(TM)s cunt. I had no power or desire to stop this invasion as my cock raged in lust. Singh pushed and pushed and his never-ending and very fat black cock disappeared in my wife -(TM)s love tunnel till his wiry pubes mashed against my hand.

He slowly pulled out and pushed in again. I don -(TM)t think he realized that my hand was right there feeling his veiny  Indian cock. But he fucked my wife to the point of no return and slammed his brute cock deep inside as I felt his hairy fat balls rest against my hand and spurt about a pint of his smelly cum in my wife -(TM)s cunt.

Just when I thought he was done, he scooped some of his thick ropey cum on his fingers and ever so slowly fed it to my wife, who, to my surprise licked his fingers clean. So obviously she had been awake and had enjoyed the fucking. I couldn -(TM)t have let my wife know that I knew about Singh fucking her and pretended I was asleep with a raging hard on. 

An hour later, I work up again. This time I heard some whispering. We were too close to each other to not hear what was being said. Singh mumbled,  -Suck my cock. - He had pulled himself up so that his crotch was just at my wife -(TM)s mouth, but since he was bent his head was almost touching my head and all his musky manly smell was making me mad with lust. Then I felt my wife -(TM)s head bob up and down on Singh man meat as she gave him a nasty blowjob. I heard moans escape Singh -(TM)s mouth and the tent was flailing with all that bucking. After about 20 agonizing minutes later, Singh howled (in a whisper!) and grabbed my wife -(TM)s head as she came straight in her mouth. I could feel my wife choke and gag but Singh never gave up until, the last tremor of his orgasm was over. Then he slid back in place. Then I heard my wife:  -Better go behind him otherwise he will be suspicious in the morning. - 

Singh laughed but heaved his heavy body across so that he was lying behind me once again. Crushed by his heavy stocky body, my cock  -" rock hard still  -" leaked more precum as Singh settled in behind my spooning me nicely. I felt his softening cock drag itself behind him  -" a heavy thick appendage, still leaking remnants of precum.

My wife turned facing me, her cum-coated lips almost touching mine. And about ten minutes later, she started kissing me, forcing globs of Singh -(TM)s cum in my mouth. Oh the taste of Singh -(TM)s stale cum was delicious and for a moment I was jealous of my wife for sucking his horse cock.

We all slept heavily after that (as far as I know) and when we woke up in the morning, it was already 9.30am. I slipped out first. And Singh followed me, his boxer shorts discarded.  -Dude, what happened to your boxers, - I asked as I started a heavy stream of piss by the side. He looked surprised and realized that he must have forgotten to wear them again after fucking my wife -(TM)s mouth last night but he pulled his massive hairy cock up (I stared at it shamelessly), peeled his thick foreskin back and started peeing. He cribbed back,  -I better find them before your wife wakes up. -

 -Sure, - I said,  -Better be quick. But don -(TM)t come to the far side of the woods as I need to take a shit badly. - I wanted to see if they would do it again.  -Don -(TM)t worry. I won -(TM)t come there, take your time. - He said and slipped in the tent again. I crouched against the head of the tent on the opposite side and opened the flap just enough to see what was going on. 

 -Come on, - my wife was pulling him in, as she bent down to his crotch and started nibbling on his black foreskin,  -Fuck me once more before he comes back. I know he shits for forever, so you can pound me with your dick as much as you like. - I was aghast hearing my wife speak like this. But my cock was hard again. And leaking.

So my wife sucked his 10-inch black uncut cock till he was rock hard and then she sat down on him slowly lowering her hairy cunt on his massive horsecock. I was rock hard seeing every single inch of his 10 inches disappear in my wife -(TM)s hungry cunt. And then she started riding him like she had been riding his cock all her life. He reached up and started tweaking her red, ripe and hard nipples. He was mauling my wife like she was a $2 slut and she was enjoying it. He fucked her for ten minutes and then pulled her off his crotch. Aiming his angry purple cock at her mouth he started ejaculating  -" jet after jet of his yellowish but very thick and creamy sperm in my mouth as she swallowed every single drop --eh --rope. Then Singh milked his fat cock and dropped some more last drop on her lips which she dutifully sucked clean and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. 

I took it as my cue to return and after making awfully loud noises, I returned. By then Singh had already worn his clothes and my wife had made her decent as much as she could. 

 -Morning darling, - she said as she looked at me and then gave me a heavy duty wet kiss, rolling some of Singh -(TM)s fresh cum in my mouth. I smacked my lips too. As Singh dropped us home, I invited him to stay over for the weekend.   -Give my wife some company, I have some urgent work to attend to at office, - I gave them a nice excuse to be alone and to fuck. But my cock immediately jumped up to attention as he agreed and said,  -Sure, anything for you my friend. It -(TM)s just that my brother is coming to town too. Can I invite him too? -

I said yes, and quickly decided where I would hide to watch my wife being fucked by my hairy and smelly friend and his hopefully equally hung brother.

The end.
