Meg's Physio
by Dirtyf 

Meg is a 18yr old completing her last year in school. She was kept back a year to redo year 12. Due to a personal injury that made he bed ridden for a year.

So obviously returning to school was exciting and nerve racking. Sports and outdoor recreations wasn't an option for me due to my injury. Which was depressing but I was getting physio therapy after school everyday to get myself back in the game as soon as I could.

I was a free spirited type of girl, mostly shy but when I got to know you I really opened up. My physio was an older gentleman that was very kind and soft in nature. Due to the nature of my injury, I had to do a lot of core stretches and exercises.

His office was on the way back from school, so I would drop in on the way home. I usually wore sports bras and short tights under my uniform so I can do my physio sessions in them. At first I was so shy to reveal any skin and I felt so exposed. But I had to reveal my skin so the physio can see my muscle contractions and so I made it the norm.

But just because it was the new norm, it didn't mean I got use to flashing my legs and belly area. The short tights always gave me a camel toe and a wedgie and the sports bra didn't really stop my nips from poking out. I use to pick my wedgie and camel toe out, but I ended up picking more then I was stretching. So he told me to just leave it and so I did.

On a few occasions, I had no tights because I had no clean ones spare. So he would give me disposable panties and they were the worst. The front was made out of a biodegradable material that became transparent when it got wet and the back was just a string. So due to basic functions of my downstairs it got wet everytime.

With all the stretches and exercises I had to do, I was sure he had seen my pussy and asshole. It made me feel so ashamed and embarrassed. I always kept myself shaved and clean down there, but it just made me feel more exposed. After I was done he would always take my used panties and threw them out for me but felt so bad giving it to him because of how wet they would get and I knew he could feel it.
