he story I write below happened during the initial years of our marriage.
My wife conceived and the good news was conveyed to all. My in-laws took my wife away to their place (Bangalore) very early saying that she needed special attention. I was alone for nearly a year till my wife returned with the child. Her younger sister Geetha also came with her. The reason was that Geetha had finished her graduation and my wife had persuaded her to come to Delhi so that she would be of help to my wife. Alongside, Geetha can also find a job here. This idea was supported by my in-laws and myself.

To be frank, I liked my sis-in-law. She was a very sexy girl with boobs bigger that my wife's. I have always wondered whether she would agree for a fuck. But I never asked her. After coming here, she took over the household work like cooking, washing, cleaning etc. as my wife remained busy most of the time with the new-born baby.

I and my wife slept in our bedroom with the baby and in the other room, Geetha slept. I used to make love to my wife after the baby had slept.

My wife and her sister Geetha, are very close since they had grown up together (there were the only children to their parents). There was no secret between them and Geetha had learnt everything about what we did in the bedroom at night. My wife had also shown her the sex books we keep under the bed.

One day, my wife told me that her sis wants to see our love-making. Boy, this was something interesting. I immediately agreed and that night, Geetha was there sitting on our bed while I and my wife engaged ourselves in the sex act. Thereafter, Geetha slept in our bed by the side of my wife. She continued to sleep in our bed and sometimes, both the sisters engaged themselves in kissing and fondling each other. I watched it with interest and it was a real turn on for me. I longed to see Geetha's youthful body.

One day I told my wife that her sister has got such a sexy body that I could not help fantasizing about her while masturbating in the toilet. My wife said that she too gets turned on by the size of her sister's boobs. She also said that her sister, after seeing our love-makings, is very much interested to have some sexual experience. She had requested my wife to permit her to enjoy sex with me. My wife did not tell me because she was afraid how I would react. Now the things have become clear, I told my wife that I would give enough pleasure to her sister but would not `spoil' her with intercourse so that she would remain a virgin.

That night, the three of us were on the bed, my wife was in the middle, Geetha and me on her sides (we had put the baby on the cradle). All of us were tense. Geetha knew that I would do `something' to her. My wife was worried how it would go. She was more concerned about her sister's virginity because once I get the heat, I never stop and she was afraid that I may screw her sister. I was also a little bit uneasy because something unbelievable is going to happen. I am offered a new, fresh, young and willing girl on the bed. At the same time, I have to do everything in front of my wife who has the remote control.

Finally, I started it all saying that I would like to see the big `mountain peaks' of Geetha. Geetha simply giggled. I moved over my wife and remained over her. I unbuttoned and opened Geetha's blouse. Putting my hand under her, I located the bra-hook and released them. Her luscious boobs were exposed to my full view (the light was on). Like a hungry dog, I started sucking her nipples. For more convenience, I moved over Geetha and played with her breasts.

Slowly I started removing her sari and inner skirt. Geetha lay there with only her panty. I kissed her everywhere. I hugged her, kissed her and fondled her. I went down and kissed her belly. All of a sudden I pulled away her panty. Geetha showed some concern and tried to stop the panty being taken away. I told her not to worry and enjoy everything. My wife also reassured her telling about the oral delight. I licked Geetha's clitoris which made her go to seventh heaven.

After this my wife stopped me and asked me to make love to her.

Though I continued to get Geetha in bed, true to my word, I never spoiled her virginity and I never had intercourse with her. This continued for some months and then Geetha's marriage was fixed. I told her not to worry and forget all these and she need not tell anything to her husband.

After marriage, she went with her husband to Bombay and she used to write to my wife often. From her letters, it became clear that there was no problem for her. Soon she too became pregnant and had two children within a span of three years. She wrote to my wife that she had got herself sterilized to avoid further pregnancies as her husband is an `enthusiastic lover.'

I and my wife often fantasized about those days when I was having Geetha. One day I jokingly said that what will she do if Geetha's husband found out and asked for `quid pro quo'? My wife said that if he insists, she would offer herself once. Though we spoke like this, we never believed that it would really happen.

Two years later, Geetha's husband Vinod turned up at our house one day. He had come on an official trip and stayed in our house. Since he was coming to our house for the first time, my wife prepared special food and we all had dinner together. It was very late at night and our grown up children had gone to sleep. I showed Vinod his bed room and told him to comfortable. There he exploded a bomb.

He had already learnt about my enjoyments with his wife Geetha and desired to enjoy my wife in return. Geetha had told him that she is helpless and asked him to check up with me and my wife. If my wife is willing, Geetha has no objection. His tour was basically to try his luck with my wife. Since it is within the family and these are safe and secure, I told Vinod that he can have my wife. I left telling him that I will tell my wife and bring her.

My wife did not like it. I reminded her of what she said earlier about her willingness to offer herself in return for what I got from Geetha. She said that was all old story and now she is not willing now. She did not agree in spite of my persuasion. I felt that I should definitely compensate Vinod and hatched a plan and informed him too.

My wife always sleeps wearing a front opening nightie (because that's more comfortable for her for immediate removal and putting on for and after sex) and she removed her panty and bra. After she had slept, I slowly undid her nightie and exposed her naked body. As planned, Vinod came into the room and lay by her side. I had switched off the light (but kept the dim night lamp on) so that she would not know anything. I placed Vinod's hand on my wife's breasts and asked him to go ahead. He played with her breasts, sucked and licked her nipples. My wife was awake but believed that I was playing with her breasts.

Then he moved over her and kissed her on the lips. This gave us away. Vinod has moustache but I don't have. Having felt the discomfort of his moustache pricking her lips, she realized what was happening and sat up on the bed. Vinod was in a heat and he pushed her on the bed. He spread her legs wide and started licking her clitoris. She was still trying to dislodge him and I told her to remain quiet and enjoy. I sat on her chest and immobilized her hands. At last she said that he can stop after licking and she would not allow intercourse. Vinod was already naked (boy, he had 9-inch penis and I measured it later) and he penetrated her. I moved away so that he can hold her properly. He embraced her and jerked his hips for deep penetration.

I placed my wife's legs around his body while he was moving in and out. It took sometime for her to `open up' to receive him fully. Soon she was moaning and groaning. It seemed that it would never end. He started with slow and deep thrusts and reached his peak. He has been fucking her for about half an hour and she too is enjoying it! These are the two things my wife liked most; long penis and long time fucking. I was not able to satisfy her. I came too quickly and my penis was only 5-inches when erect. Vinod was young and vigorous and she seemed to like him now. Soon he set her cunt on fire and both climaxed together. There was contentment in her face and she kissed him all over his face.

You know what she said after this? "I want to sleep with Vinod for the rest of the night. So darling, please go and sleep in the other room. I want it once more and would enjoy it in total privacy." Not only this, she asked me to lock the room from outside so that nobody could disturb them. I nodded and locked them up in the bedroom and slept in the other room. In the morning, she narrated to me how they had another wonderful love session.

Vinod stayed here for three more days and my wife enjoyed those three nights. It is said that a woman reaches her sexual peak in her thirties and I was happy that she found the right and safe partner to satisfy her desires. One morning, after the children had gone to school, they took bath together and I watched from outside.

Vinod left telling me that I can have his wife when I go to their house. I and my wife went to Bombay a year later but we could not enjoy due to children's' presence and other inconveniences.

Our next wedding anniversary is coming and we have made some plan. I would write about it when they actually happen.