David thumbs the buzzer for Charlie's flat. He shouldn't be here, should just leave Charlie the fuck alone, but he knows he isn't going to go. You weak sodding bastard.

Sometimes David wonders how much of this Charlie has justified to himself, and how much of it he's just refusing to think about. Charlie never seems to mind when David invites himself over, which means he's probably at least convinced himself he's okay having sex with a man, but he also never initiates contact, which means he's probably not far gone enough to make this anything more than helping a mate out, friends with mutual benefits.

David's self-aware enough to realize how much he wants it to be more. Which is bloody greedy, he knows. Already the whole thing is unbalanced; David gets his literal life's blood, gets to taste Charlie and kiss him and fuck him, and Charlie gets, what, a semi-decent shag and the karmic plus one of doing a good deed for a friend?

Charlie opens the door, his face blank at first but then creasing into a guarded grin. His shirt is crumpled with some sort of stain on it near the hem, and he desperately needs a shave. David thinks he's fucking gorgeous.

Tasting and kissing and fucking aren't enough. David wants something real; he wants all of Charlie, not just the bits he can beg and borrow and steal. He wants a relationship, just like any other human being. Except he isn't a human being, not anymore, and all he has left is what he can take. Charlie's easy generosity, the way his skin feels warm against David's cold hands – thinking about either makes David ache in a way he can't quite define.

"Hey," Charlie says.

"Hi," David says nervously. "I was in the area, and..."

"Fancied a snack, did you?" Charlie jokes, and it stings a little, but Charlie obviously doesn't mean it as a rebuke because he's already holding the door open. David follows him in.

"Hope I didn't interrupt a scriptwriting session," he says.

"Yes," Charlie says immediately, "very important, vital work," and then, "No, actually, I was watching Jeremy Kyle, and shut your sodding face, okay?"

David jerks out a laugh. "Is it the one with the mother who slept with her daughter's boyfriend? They've re-run that one twice this week already."

Charlie grins at him as they pass into the living room. "No, it's the one where the twelve year old wants a baby."

"Ugh." David grimaces as he sits down on the sofa, and Charlie laughs, flopping down beside him and reaching for the remote to flick the telly off. Their knees touch, just slightly. "Are you writing about it again?" David asks, trying to distract himself from the heat of Charlie's leg against his own, easily felt even through two sets of trousers. "Or just feeling masochistic?"

"The latter," Charlie admits. "I'm supposed to be writing about the launch of Big Brother but it's really so excruciatingly uninteresting that all I have is some philosophical bullshit about the end of an era. And then I started thinking that there should be an episode of Jeremy Kyle with just people who want to go on Big Brother, and all he does is try and figure out where their lives went wrong. Except then surely one of them would say, 'You're Jeremy fucking Kyle and you've no room to talk.' Which is a fair cop."

David snorts. "That's got too many levels, Charlie. I'm afraid it might go over the heads of your readership."

"Fuck off, my readership is intelligent." Charlie sounds almost genuinely offended on behalf of his fans.

"Your readership likes jokes about sitting on pine cones," David points out.

"Your mum likes jokes about sitting on pine cones," Charlie says easily, and even though it's the most clichéd line in the universe there's something about his delivery that makes David laugh despite himself. Charlie's face goes relaxed then, like he's been waiting for that laugh, and he shifts a little to lean back against the arm of the sofa. "You know what else I was thinking?"

"I'm going to regret this," David says. "What?"

Charlie smirks. "You've ruined vampire movies for me now."

"What?" David says.

"Well, the thing is," Charlie says, "you're actually not that frightening. Dracula was like, fucking inhuman, right? He was a predator; he didn't care about anything except feeding."

"So?" David doesn't know whether to be offended, or just glad he doesn't come across as a psychopathic, sexless animal.

"So," Charlie says, "you're a person, you've got a mortgage and a career and," he waves a hand, "things! I just know that the next time I try to watch a vampire movie – I've got to review fucking Twilight next month, did I tell you that? – I'm going to be sitting there thinking about the time in the pub that Chris spilled beer on you."

"Someone could have spilled beer on Dracula!" David protests, trying to ignore the voice in the back of his head telling him this is the most stupid sentence he's ever uttered. "It's not like he magically repelled lager."

"Well, yes," Charlie says, sounding annoyingly reasonable, "but Dracula would've killed them afterwards, slowly and painfully. You actually apologized to him."

"You're saying I've completely failed to impress you," David says flatly.

"No!" Charlie protests, and then, "Well, you've failed to impress me in the sense of making me shit myself with terror, that's true." He pauses, biting his lip, and then something in his face changes and he says, "On the other hand, you're certainly memorable in other ways."

Charlie's obviously aiming for casual, but David's eyes flicker instinctively over Charlie's neck and he notes the rapid pulse of a vein just below the surface of the skin. The room suddenly seems much, much warmer.

Huh, David thinks. "I'm... pleased to be awarded the approbation I deserve," he says slowly. He's confused – they don't normally do this, don't normally flirt, not when they don't have an audience, anyway. After all, why would Charlie want to? David's well aware that it's the whole vampire thing that gets Charlie going, endorphins from David's saliva trickling into his blood, masking the pain in a flood of arousal. But maybe Charlie's just trying to be kind, to make it easier for David, or maybe David's giving off some sort of creepy sex pheromone because he's so bloody desperate for it. He's never quite figured out how the vampire thing works, to be honest, mainly because it's never seemed a particularly great idea to put himself in the hands of scientists and he can't exactly rely on the internet to have the facts.

David realizes that his brain is babbling, clearly trying to distract itself from the suggestion that Charlie might possibly in some way be thinking, however distantly, about sex.

Charlie raises one eyebrow and tilts his head to the side, an unmistakable invitation.

Ah. 

David can smell him, sweat and cheap soap and the hint of blood always underneath. He could find Charlie from miles away, probably, could find him with his eyes closed, just by that scent. He lets himself lean in, lets his eyes close a little as he breathes in deeply. It's only been a few days since they last time they saw each other so David doesn't really need this... but Christ, he needs this.

He reaches up, cups Charlie's jaw with one hand, stroking his thumb shakily over Charlie's mouth.

"David." The word is just a breath, but David doesn't want to hear what Charlie might have to say about being touched like this.

"Shut up," David says, and kisses him.

They don't usually do this, either, don't kiss pre-bloodsucking. And yet even without chemical stimulation Charlie is moaning softly, leaning in, opening his mouth to the rough demand of David's kiss. David tightens his grip on Charlie's jaw until he knows it's just at the edge of painful. Charlie makes a small noise, and David licks deeper into his mouth, feeling the heat of him, the scrape of his stubble against the corner of David's lips. Finally David breaks away, trailing his mouth down over Charlie's jaw as Charlie moans, wide-eyed and breathless.

"David—" Charlie begins again, but David sets his fangs to Charlie's neck, not quite breaking the skin, and Charlie shuts his mouth with a snap.

I should stop, David thinks, hesitating. This is too much, he doesn't want—

"Do it," Charlie whispers. David breathes in, bites.

The first taste is always amazing: the soft give of flesh, the blood thick and metallic and hot over his tongue. Digging in more deeply he sucks hard and Charlie whimpers, his back arching into the touch. David slides his free hand down and rucks up Charlie's shirt, feeling the warm soft expanse of Charlie's belly against his palm, and it's not enough, not remotely enough. With reluctance David pulls back, licking the wounds shut just enough to control the blood flow.

"I want—" he says, and Charlie's nodding already.

"Fuck, yes, let me get my—" Charlie tugs at the hem of his shirt, and David lets him pull it off, yanking harshly at his own buttons. "Trousers too, yeah?" Charlie says, and they both strip off hurriedly.

David half wonders what the fuck he's even doing, but then Charlie gets his boxers off and he's hard, oozing the sharp tangy smell of sex, and he smells like prey. David doesn't think any more, just growls and shoves him down onto the carpet. Charlie props himself up on his elbows, breathing hard, as David swings a leg over to straddle his thighs.

Charlie makes a choked noise. "God, you're—"

"Cold," David says sharply. "I know." He gets a hand around Charlie's neck, finding the vein again.

"It's good," Charlie says, hoarsely. He squirms, his cock jammed against the hollow of David's hip. "Fuck, really good." And then he's reaching up, fingernails digging into the freshly-torn skin of his neck, opening the wounds. "Here, it's... have more."

A slow stream of dark maroon blood trickles down from Charlie's neck over his collarbone and chest.

Fuck, David thinks.

Charlie's eyes are wide and locked on David's mouth. David flicks his tongue over his fangs, the motion mostly instinct, but it makes Charlie moan, lips parting. David feels wild, out of control. He's a bastard – actually, he's worse, because Charlie thinks he really wants David, Charlie doesn't know it's all just chemical reaction – and David knows he's not ever, ever going to forgive himself.

Then again, it's not like he can redeem himself if he stops now.

David leans down, dips his head to lap at the trail of blood, rasping the flat of his tongue against warm skin stretched over bone. He pushes at Charlie's shoulder; Charlie shudders and lets himself drop down flat against the carpet, his hands going to the small of David's back, thumbs rubbing in the indentation of his spine. David cleans Charlie's neck with slow, deliberate licks, tasting iron and salt sweat, Charlie's unique flavor. And then David stretches up and sinks his fangs in again, feeling skin tear beneath his teeth, the hot pulse of blood.

"Oh, god." The words stumble from Charlie's lips.

His cock is hard against David's thigh. David rocks their bodies together as he sucks, matching the rhythm of their movements to the beat of Charlie's heart. He's never done this before, always been too ashamed of what he is to combine feeding and sex, but god, it's an incredible feeling. Charlie is warm and hairy and delicious and human, like an all-you-can-eat buffet for every single one of David's senses and then a few more that maybe haven't been given names yet. Charlie is making noises, too, little grunts and sighs that make David's cock feel heavy and thick.

It doesn't take long before they're both on the edge. David squirms a hand in between them, gets it wrapped around Charlie's cock, riding out Charlie's involuntary, violent shudder.

"Shit," Charlie says. "Fuck—" The second word is clipped, cut off sharply, and Charlie's arms tighten around him.

David thinks, Yes, yes, sucking harder, twisting his wrist to pump hard the way he knows Charlie likes.

"Fuck, going to—" Charlie says, and David bites harder, vicious, until Charlie comes with a choked whine, a series of gasped breaths. David feels another wash of heat – Charlie's hot come over his hand, hot blood in his mouth – and he comes with a groan, mouth going slack.

They lie together for a long moment. Then all of a sudden Charlie's heat is too fucking much and David rolls off him, collapsing onto his back on the carpet. Charlie groans but lets him go.

"Holy fuck, Mitchell," Charlie says, still breathing hard. His neck looks wrecked, bloody and bruised; he lifts his hand to it, a bit feebly, and David can see there is blood under his fingernails.

Fuck, David thinks with despair. Suddenly all he can feel is the familiar cold of self-loathing. "Let me get—" He staggers to his feet and grabs for his trousers. He manages to make it into the bathroom before he starts to shudder. Jesus, this is— I'm so fucked up, I'm a monster, look at me. There's blood all over his mouth and chin, smeared across his cheek.

He grabs a cloth and wets it under the tap, scrubs at himself until he looks halfway human again. The thought makes him laugh a little, grimly. He wrings out the cloth and wets it again, then shuffles through Charlie's medicine cabinet for some bandages before going back into the living room.

Charlie is sitting up now, leaning against the sofa. He appears to have managed to pull his boxers back on. David kneels beside him, dabbing the cloth carefully at Charlie's wounds. Charlie hisses.

"Sorry," David mutters. He can't seem to look Charlie in the eye.

"Fuck off, it's fine. Just surprised me. And anyway you're fucking ham-handed, you know," Charlie grumbles. He tries to take the cloth from him, but David purses his lips and clings to it doggedly.

"Stop it. If I don't do this properly you'll scar."

"Not like that will make much difference, not with my face," Charlie says lightly, and somehow it just makes David even angrier – at himself, at Charlie, at the whole sodding universe. He wipes at Charlie's neck again, harder, and this time Charlie's flinch is definitely real.

"Fuck," David says, gentling the touch almost immediately. "Sorry."

Charlie doesn't say anything. David finishes cleaning him up and sets the cloth aside, then rips open the bandage wrapper and arranges the pad so that it covers both gouges. He thinks he ought to feel better now that the visible evidence of his depravity is hidden.

"I— I should probably go," he says. I shouldn't have come.

"David—" Charlie says, and then he cups David's jaw in his hand and kisses him firmly. David closes his eyes, lets himself feel Charlie's warm breath against his cold face.

This is the last time, David tells himself. For his sake, this has to be the last time.