                             Black On Black
                            by Chemical Ollie

 


-------
Description: A man seduces a widow and her four daughters. Standard cliches apply except my cast of characters are black. No interracial.

Codes: MF Mf ff cons inc het Mdom mastrb preg
-------



-------

Chapter 1


Women consider me handsome and charming. I appreciate their opinion and I take full advantage of that. I'm also black. Now being a 24-year old black man, you might think I'm going to tell you the story of my bedding and breeding pretty white women and their daughters. Nothing could be further from the truth. It's not that I have anything against the bedding and breeding of attractive women (it's a hobby of mine). It's just that I prefer females of my own race. I'm attracted to white women just like any other black man but my personal preference is for the black woman.

Since a lot of black men are trying to fulfill their fantasies of bedding white women I have little or no competition for the black woman, especially where I go to meet them. And where do I go to meet them? I go to a church with a black congregation. The church has always been and will always be the main meeting place for black people in the United States. However, in this day and age, a teenage boy will attend church under protest until he starts listening to his peers instead of his mother. Then he's long gone. The young adult male would rather sit in front of the television set and watch sports than attend church services with his wife or girl friend. That leaves the field wide open for me.

My business allows me travel the country (always under an assumed name). I dress well and am well-educated. I drive a late model luxury car (leased) and I have plenty of money although I'm not the type to flash it in the open where it attracts undue attention. I also leased a penthouse apartment through my offshore corporation which cannot be traced to me.

When I attend a new church I'm the center of attention, especially from practically every mother and her eligible daughter. There are plenty of married women with their young children in tow also checking me out. It's sometimes embarrassing when some of them corner me after the service trying to get me to commit to coming to dinner to meet the family. I resist anyone trying to lay claim on me until I'm ready to act; then I lay claim on them.

I had been attending this one particular church for several weeks when I decided I was ready to act. My target was a widow with four teenage daughters. They were all very pretty and I intended to ask her 19-year old out for a luncheon date. Her name is Lela. Her sisters are Melanie, Kayla and Tawny. Their ages are 17, 15 and 13 respectively. Mrs. Shaw's given name is Vanessa. She is 39 years old and still quite lovely. Her late husband left the family comfortable financially and I imagine she has her share of suitors. I knew that Lela and Melanie didn't have current boyfriends and the two youngest weren't allowed to have boyfriends.

"Your voice stands out in the choir, Lela," I told her at the social gathering after the service.

"Thank you," she replied. She was pleased with my compliment and a little embarrassed at the same time.

"I wonder if you would like to join me for a late lunch this afternoon." That got her attention.

"I... I don't know," Lela said nervously. "Let me ask my mother." Her mother was standing a couple of yards away talking to her other daughters. The young lady grabbed my hand and led me over to Vanessa. "Momma, Mr. Wilson has asked me out to a late lunch this afternoon. May I go?" I was a little surprised that a 19-year old would still be asking her parent for permission to do anything but since she was still living at home I suppose it was to be expected. Vanessa displayed a small smile but then put on her concerned parent mask. She wasn't one of the mothers trying to foist her daughter off on me and I appreciated that.

"This is kind of short notice," the attractive mother said.

"I'm nineteen, Momma." Lela gave her mother a pleading look.

"You're welcome to join us," I suggested. That offer pleased her. I wasn't trying to get her daughter off alone.

"I can't do that," Vanessa replied. "I have much too much to do this afternoon."

"I'll go with them," Melanie offered. That got her a quick glare from Lela but Melanie ignored it.

"That might be all right," said her mother, "if Mr. Wilson doesn't mind."

"I don't mind at all," I said.

"Can we go too?" said Kayla doing a little dance. Tawny nodded her head in agreement.

"No, you may not," their mother declared. Both younger ones put on disappointed looks. They couldn't realize I had plans for them too. Vanessa and I exchanged chitchat while Lela put away her choir robe. The news had already spread that I'd asked out Lela. There were a lot of disappointed faces as I escorted Lela and Melanie out to my car. Actually, those disappointed were the lucky ones.

I took the two sisters to an upscale restaurant, something a little better than what they were used to. I don't drink when my date can't legally do so. We sipped iced teas while we waited for our order. I paid most attention to Lela since she was my actual date. I barely noticed Melanie until she came back from a visit to the powder room and placed my hand nearest her on her bare upper thigh. The little slut had removed her hose in the restroom and hiked up her skirt when she sat down. We were in a booth in a dimly lit room so Lela couldn't see what was going on. I gently squeezed Melanie's thigh and put my hand on top of the table. That didn't stop Lela's younger sister who began to gently caress my thigh right next to my prick.

Our meals were served and Melanie desisted for a while. Eventually, Lela left to visit the powder room and I said, "I'm supposed to be Lela's date."

"All's fair in love and war," Melanie replied "I don't think you're going to say anything, are you?"

"What do I get if I keep my mouth shut?" I wasn't going to say anything and she knew it.

"Anything you want," said the teenager. "I don't care what you do with Lela as long as I get some too." She placed her hand on my prick and began to caress it through the cloth.

"I'm glad you think Lela is as ready for it as you seem to be. Would you be shocked if I told you I wanted to do the same thing to your whole family?" I knew I was taking a chance but I wondered if Melanie could be turned into an ally. If so, my plans could be greatly accelerated. The girl's eyes bugged out and her mouth gaped.

"You're going to hell just for saying that," Melanie declared. "I didn't know Satan attended church." She didn't take her hand off my stiffening prick.

"I find some of my best prospects there," I said. I ran my hand up between her thighs and she spread them to give me easy access. "Take off your panties, Melanie, and give them to me." The bitch gave me another startled look but she obeyed me. I sniffed them after she handed them to me. It smelled of aroused womanhood. I stuffed them in my suit jacket pocket. I wanted to show Melanie I was the dominant partner in this little scheme. Besides, I think she enjoyed being told what to do.

"Tawny is only thirteen and I can't figure how you'll get to Momma. She hasn't allowed a man near her since Daddy died."

"All things are possible when you have a friend on the inside," I said. "I'll get to them eventually. In the meantime, I intend to fuck Lela; today, if possible. I'll fuck you afterwards. May I count on you?" I wanted to see her reaction to my crude language. She didn't reply but took a sip of her iced tea and smiled. I gave her some quick instructions just before Lela returned.

"That building is where I live," I said pointing at one slightly taller than the rest. "I live on the top floor. It's a great view."

"Oh, I wish we could go see it," said Lela. I knew she'd say that.

"Do we have the time?" Lela looked thoughtful and then turned around and looked at Melanie.

"I don't mind as long as Momma doesn't find out," said Melanie. She had read her sister's concerns perfectly and allayed them. Lela turned back to me and nodded.

I gave the girls a quick tour of the digs. Melanie feigned interest in my music collection and I told her to play anything she wanted. I cater to various tastes in music so I have quite an eclectic collection. Melanie chose rap music. I hate rap music. Well, it was loud and I took the opportunity to lead Lela back to the master bedroom. We started kissing the moment I closed the bedroom door. Before long I was running my hands up and down her body. When I went for the zipper at the back of her skirt however, she stopped me. "No, Greg!"

"Is something the matter?"

"We barely know each other and this is our first date. I'm not going to sleep with you on the first date and not for a long while after that. I'm afraid you're a little too fast for me." I nodded and turned to stare out the window for a while.

"I think it's time I take you home." She nodded her head.

"Will I see you again?" Already, Lela was afraid she had chased me away.

"Of course you will," I replied. Lela smiled at me. "Every Sunday at church," I added. "I love to hear your voice in the choir." She stopped smiling. The message was clear. If she wasn't ready to play, I'd send her back to the bench and choose someone more eager. She'd be watching from the sidelines for the rest of the season. I'm sure she was thinking of all the young ladies from church who would be eager to take her place and less likely to be prudish.

"Melanie is in the other room," Lela said.

"Melanie is a smart girl. She knows we're making out in here. If she dares disturb us, I'll spank her butt."

She smiled at the image of Melanie being spanked but became serious again. "I'm not on any birth control, Greg. I'm scared."

"I love you, Lela," I declared. "I think I have loved you from the moment I first heard your voice; like an angel singing." Translation: If you love me, you'll let me do what I want and not worry about birth control. I'll take care of you if anything happens.

It works every time. She fell into my arms and we started kissing again. When I started to pull down her zipper a second time, there was no resistance. Women have been falling for that line forever but why not use it if still works? The welfare rolls are filled with unwed mothers who foolishly believed their boyfriends. There's no sense trying to reinvent the wheel.

My time was limited and I just wanted to break the girl in. I would train her later on how to pleasure me. We kissed and caressed until I was sure she was ready. "Aren't you going to use a condom?" she said. I ignored her question and penetrated her. She was a virgin. I guess her mother brought her up right. It was right enough until I showed up. A virgin at 19 is rare for a woman as desirable as Lela. I was gentle with the girl.

After I deposited my sperm inside her we cuddled and I assured Lela of my love and commitment to her. It was a polished speech, delivered many times before her. The young lady liked what she heard and told me she felt the same way toward me. The only difference was that I think she meant it. We dressed and rejoined Melanie in the living room. I winked at the younger girl and she just smiled back at me. She was next. I drove the pair home and paid my respects to Vanessa. I then drove around the block and waited for Melanie and then to a private spot I had scouted out earlier.

"Is she good?" said Melanie.

"Lela was fine," I replied. "It was her first time. She'll get better with experience."

"I'll bet she'll never be as good as me."

"We'll see," I said and made a grab for her. From the aggressive manner Melanie talked and acted I didn't expect to have another virgin on my hands but I felt her hymen tear as I drove my prick inside her and she cried out in pain. "I didn't realize this was your first time." That wasn't an apology and I kept pumping away at the same pace I'd established, but Melanie didn't complain and I deposited a load of my sperm where it would do the most good just as I had with Lela.

"I can see why Lela is already in love with you," said Melanie as I held her in my arms. "I wish I had you to myself."

"That's not in the cards," I replied.

"I know." Melanie sighed and said, "I suppose you want me help you get into Kayla's pants now."

"That would be nice of you."

Lela attended a local community college. She usually took the morning bus to get there but I started picking her up in my car and driving her to school. It was a lot quicker and I always made a detour so I could take down the young lady's panties, plug her breeding hole with my prick and spray her insides with my sperm. In the afternoon I did the same thing to Melanie. On Friday, I picked up Lela for our first formal date alone. I drove her straight to my apartment.

"So when can I meet your parents, Greg?" Lela apparently wanted to push along the relationship. It hadn't yet been a week. I wondered if it was because she was already feeling pregnant. I hoped so but at the same time, it meant that I probably wouldn't have time to seduce the rest of the family before Lela would start insisting on announcing our engagement and setting a wedding date. Well, it wouldn't be the first or the last time I'd be revising my plans.

"My parents are dead, Lela. There's no other family. I'm all alone."

"I'm so sorry," Lela replied with feeling. "I didn't know."

"How could you know? I never told you before tonight." Actually, my parents are hale and hearty. I have a brother and a sister along with the requisite nieces and nephews and of course, the growing brood of bastard children I have to my credit.

"It's just that we've done so much... and so soon and I'm uncertain how I stand with you."

"I love you. That's all you need to know."

"But all we've done so far is... make love. Everything seems so backwards to me. We should be getting to know each other... our thoughts, feelings and goals before we get to the physical part of a relationship."

"You're right, darling," I said. "I've been so taken with your physical charms I can't get enough of them. Starting tomorrow I'll tell you so much about myself that you'll pass out with boredom and I won't lay a hand on you."

Lela laughed and said, "I hope that doesn't happen."

"Well, I was exaggerating a little bit but I'm not when I say I'm going to fuck your brains out tonight." It was the first time I'd been crude with her and she was clearly embarrassed by it. She didn't realize she'd be saying the same crude word by the time the evening was over.

Lela has an almost perfect body, to me at least; child-bearing hips and a pair of tits that my child will just love to suckle. She watches her weight too. Unfortunately, most black women start packing on the pounds by the time they get to their teenage years. It affects their health adversely and doesn't help their sexuality any. Vanessa and her daughters seem to be an exception. I guess they have the right genes. That's one of the reasons I chose them to have children by me.

Another reason is because they're extremely vulnerable in the hands of an expert like me with no husband or father to protect them. On the other hand, having a husband doesn't guarantee a woman is safe from my clutches. I used to concentrate exclusively on married women. I'd knock a bitch up with a baby and she'd blame her husband. It was too easy and I needed a greater challenge. Fucking a baby into a mother and her four daughters is a lot harder and would make me a legend if I wanted to establish that kind of reputation, but I keep quiet about my conquests. If I wasn't able to keep my anonymity, I wouldn't have started writing this story at all.

Lastly, there's a submissive streak in the mother and her daughters that brings out the predator instincts in a man. I'm lucky that I'm the first to exploit this flaw in their personalities but I suspect that Vanessa's husband might have been a dominant from little things she has let drop during past conversations. I intended to find out. Even Melanie, notwithstanding her sexual aggressiveness, is merely crying out for a man to master her.

Lela was no longer modest around me. She took off her clothes and slipped into a flimsy negligee which I find a lot sexier in a woman than complete nudity. The lovely girl slipped onto my lap and said, "Are you ready to make love to me, baby? It sure feels like you are." She wiggled her bottom against my throbbing prick. A couple of days ago Lela wouldn't have dreamed of being so forward.

"Ask me the right way and I might be," I replied. I'd given Lela a couple of hints earlier in the evening on the new etiquette. Did she pick up on it? Lela is awfully smart for a girl. She shyly hid her head in my shoulder for a moment.

"Fuck me, baby," Lela whispered. "I need you inside me, inside my coochie. Please, baby!" It wasn't exactly eloquent or original, but it was music to my ears. I positioned Lela on all fours, pulled down her panties and fucked her doggie style. It was a new position for her and I could tell she was uneasy about it, but didn't complain at all. I wouldn't have it any other way.

The next day Lela and I went out for coffee. As promised, I told her some about myself. Some of it was true, but so generic; there was no way the dear girl could gain any insights into my past. Other experiences were made up out of whole cloth. I didn't really have to talk that much. Despite Lela's stated desire to get to know all about me, she was the one who dominated most of the conversation. That was all right with me. I was beginning to wonder if I'd have my chance at Kayla, Tawny and Vanessa. We were all going to a church sponsored picnic after services on Sunday. Maybe I'd take some risks then.



-------

Chapter 2


After Sunday services, I drove Lela home for a change of clothes and then to the picnic grounds in a caravan of cars with Vanessa, her other daughters and other church members. A lot of the married men and teenage boys, who like to avoid church, willingly go to the picnics for the free food and games. The men make an effort to participate in the activities with their children, but most of them eventually wind up in the back parking lot drinking and bullshitting with each other. Why do they even bother showing up? Since I didn't have anything in common with them I spent a lot of the time helping the women set up the potluck-type picnic.

I tried to keep an eye out for an opportunity to be alone with Kayla or Tawny but they decided to spend their time with their girlfriends. Even Melanie had disappeared. While Vanessa was talking with a bunch of other women I whispered to Lela that she should meet me behind a nearby grove of trees about five minutes after I left. There seemed to be privacy there. She smiled and nodded. When she arrived at the rendezvous I took her in my arms and we started kissing and caressing each other. I had pretty much decided to fuck her when a voice nearby startled us and we jumped apart. "Lela Ann Shaw, I'd like to speak to Mr. Wilson--alone." It was her mother. Apparently Vanessa had grown suspicious of her daughter and followed her.

"We weren't doing anything wrong, Momma," said the frightened young woman.

"Go," Vanessa ordered and Lela slunk away with fear and helplessness written all over her face. The older woman stared at me for a few moments, I think, in hopes of intimidating me but I wasn't having any of it. I wasn't going to apologize or beg for forgiveness which is what I know she wanted. That would have placed me in her power.

"Isn't lunch ready," I asked with a smile. She gave me a shocked expression.

"I had thought you were a cut above the usual lowlife sorts that try to ask my daughters out. I guess I was wrong."

"We're only human, Mrs. Shaw," I replied. "Lela and I are quite fond of each other and we haven't done anything different from what you and Mr. Shaw probably did when he was courting you."

"Mr. Shaw was a gentleman at all times during our courtship," she said stiffly. "I wish the same could have been said of you with my daughter. You're not to attempt to see Lela any longer, Mr. Wilson. I hope I never see you again. Goodbye!"

"Stand right there and don't make a move," I ordered. "We're not finished talking."

"You have no right to talk to me in that matter, young man. If you so much as touch me, I'll scream." She was trying to act defiant, but I noticed she hadn't made a move since I ordered her to stop.

"You'll stand there quietly," I said.

"You can't order me around. I'm not your... your..."

"... slave? You were Mr. Shaw's slave though, weren't you? He trained you well."

"Mr. Shaw was my husband."

"Mr. Shaw was your master before he married you, isn't that right, Vanessa?" She stiffened when she heard me call her by her first name. I'd always been formal with her before.

"He loved me."

"I didn't ask you that, Vanessa. I'm sure he loved you. Even a master may fall in love with a slave. Don't forget that a slave can't lie to a master. She risks a whipping if she's caught lying to her master."

"You're not my master." Vanessa was being stubborn, but that's only to be expected. She wanted to make sure I was a true master.

I took off my jacket and laid it front of her. I didn't want her clothing soiled which might have caused others to comment. "Assume the slave position, Vanessa." She stared at me in wonder for a moment. I prayed I wasn't wrong about Vanessa. I realized I'd been holding my breath and slowly exhaled in relief as the older woman finally knelt down on my jacket and sat back down on her heels with her legs apart. She placed her hands on her knees and stared down at the ground; a perfect slave position. I admired her late husband more and more. I wish I'd had the opportunity to meet the man but he was dead and Vanessa needed a new master. "Proclaim your slavery," I ordered.

"I am a slave," she declared without hesitation.

"Who is your master, slave?"

"Oh, God forgive me. You are my master. P-please, Master, don't treat Lela like this."

"Don't worry, Vanessa," I whispered. "Your daughter is nothing like you. If you continue to please me, I shall remain a gentleman with her." That was a lie, of course, but a master has no obligation to be truthful to a slave. A slave may rebel, however, if it is to protect her young so lying to her was the best course of action for me to take. I pushed Vanessa onto her hands and knees. I pulled up her dress, took down her panties and caressed her broad hips.

"I'm not protected," she warned, but at the same time she wiggled her ass in anticipation of being fucked.

"That's not my concern," I declared. I exposed my loins and drove my prick into her sopping wet cunt.

"Dear lord forgive me," Vanessa gasped as I penetrated her. It was tight from long disuse. Of course, things could have gone totally wrong but I had been very lucky. I wondered if my luck would run out, but instead of being apprehensive, I was very excited. Countless men would have gladly traded places with me as I sawed my prick in and out of her, but a woman like Vanessa required special handling and very few have the insight and knowledge needed to exploit her submissive nature. Brute force and intimidation won't work in the long term. Vanessa eventually shuddered into three orgasms before I spurted my seed into her fertile womb.

"You're not to wash my seed out or interfere with it in any way, slave. Is that understood?"

"Yes, Master." I pulled out of her and zipped up. Vanessa quickly arranged her clothing.

"I'm so glad we had this conversation, Mrs. Shaw."

"I'm glad too, Mas... uh, Mr. Wilson, but what do I tell Lela? What if I'm pregnant?" I hope you are I immediately thought.

"You don't have to tell her anything. I'll do the talking. Now, get moving or people might start wondering what we were doing back here." I purposely ignored her worry about unprotected sex. Vanessa preceded me out into the open just as the group was being called to lunch. Lela was waiting for us with an anxious expression, but I smiled to reassure her and took her hand as we lined up for the potluck. I could tell she was puzzled about her mother and me keeping mum about what we talked about. Lela bombarded me with questions once we were alone again, but I just told her, as nicely as I could, to shut up and eat. I decided to behave myself the rest of the day and returned Lela home with just a goodbye kiss.

Later that evening I received a call from Melanie. "I'm in slave position, Master," she whispered. I was startled. How in hell did she know? Her mother wouldn't have told her. I was sure of that.

"You were spying on us this afternoon," I said after I calmed down and figured it out.

"Yes, Master," Melanie replied. "I couldn't believe my eyes. I would never have imagined my mother was that way."

"I think I'll give you a well-deserved whipping the next time I see you."

"If you spare me the whipping, I'll tell you some very interesting news, Master."

"Do you think you're playing a game with me and do you enjoy calling me Master, Melanie? Or is it your desire that you really become my slave? I wasn't role playing a little game with your mother and I won't do that with you either. A slave's life isn't her own. I can whip her for any reason at all or for no reason at all. I know you heard the part about how a slave cannot lie to a master. She also can't withhold any information from her master.

"If I wanted to, I could sell or give you away to another master. He could turn you out and pimp your ass on the street if that was his desire. You would have nothing to say about it. So I'll ask once again, Melanie. Is it your desire that you voluntarily become my slave?" I was really trying to scare her off. Even though she wasn't a natural-born slave like her mother, Melanie could be trained to be a very good slave, but that would take time.

I heard her swallow hard and then she said, "Yes, Master." I wish I could have seen her face.

"Then proclaim your slavery."

"I am a slave."

"Who is your Master?"

"You are my Master." I couldn't very well initiate Melanie into her slavery over the phone, but that could wait.

"What is the news you have to tell me, slave?"

"Kayla came down with a slight chill and fever today. Momma wants her to stay home from school tomorrow and rest. She'll be all alone." This was indeed interesting news. I planned to be there and keep her company.

Melanie told me Kayla was fond of Japanese comics called manga in the form of graphic novels. The type she liked were romances geared toward young teen girls. I believe they're called shojo. I made a quick trip to the bookstore and picked up copies of a series Melanie said her sister was reading. After picking up Lela Monday morning for her ride to school, I drove back past the Shaw residence and made sure Vanessa had left for work. She was a receptionist for a loan company downtown. I parked on the next block and walked back. I rang the doorbell and the pretty coed opened the door with the security chain still on. Smart girl. "Mr. Wilson?" she said. "Lela and Momma aren't home right now. I'm not allowed to let anyone in."

"I know that," I replied. "I heard you weren't feeling well so I brought you a little gift to perk you up." I pulled one of the books out of the bag and displayed it. Kayla gasped and closed the door. I heard the security chain jiggle and the door was pulled wide open. She grabbed the bag and went back inside with me following her. Her mother's admonition not to allow anyone into the house was forgotten.

"Thank you, Mr. Wilson," Kayla gushed. "How did you know? I'm going to read every one of them today." She gave me a hug. I could feel her luscious breasts against my chest and my prick began to harden. I didn't fuck Lela that morning. I planned to save all my sperm for her 15-year old sister.

"I brought you something else." I pulled an anime DVD out of my pocket. "Maybe we can watch it together. And please call me Greg, Kayla." Kayla's eyes glittered with excitement and I knew she wasn't going to ask me to leave.

"Don't tell anyone," the young teen said as she watched me slip the DVD into the player and click on the TV.

"Of course not," I replied. I sat down on the loveseat and motioned to her to join me. That's when she got kind of shy and self conscious.

"I look a mess," she said. "I should put something on." She had a robe on that didn't flatter her. It pleased me that she wanted to look good for me.

"Are you decent underneath the robe?"

"I still have my nightgown on."

"May I see, Kayla?" I playfully asked. I had expected her to refuse, but the young girl shrugged her shoulders and removed her robe. She was wearing a blue cotton night shirt that came down to mid thigh and showed off her legs nicely. I smiled in approval as she put herself on display.

"I don't want to watch any video right now," said Kayla. "I love you, Greg." She stared down at the ground as if ashamed by her statement or afraid of rejection. Perhaps Kayla felt guilty for making a play for her oldest sister's man. I was going to seduce the teenager while we watched the video. It looked like I wouldn't have to bother. I stood up and took Kayla in my arms. I didn't waste any time after a brief but tender kiss. I started pulling up her top and she raised her arms to accommodate me. A mature set of tits bounced into view. Her panties followed and I stepped back to admire the ebony beauty that stood before me proudly displaying her feminine nudity; a black Venus.

"You're beautiful, Kayla." I wasn't lying and Kayla knew it. If anyone was built to give birth to several handsome and healthy black babies, it was this teenager. It was a shame that I'd probably be able to breed her only once. "Go to your mother's bedroom and wait for me," I said. She nodded and walked toward the hall. Her broad child-bearing hips swayed gently, beckoning me.

I chose Vanessa's bed because it was probably larger than Kayla's own and I wanted to stretch out with her. It was to be our marriage bed where I'd make the pretty teenager a woman and my "wife." I stripped out of my clothes and retrieved an old towel from the linen closet that probably wouldn't be missed. Kayla was stretched out on top of the covers of her mother's bed when I entered the room. She looked surprised to see my own nudity and nervous when she took the measure of my cock stand which stood out stiff and proud. I wasn't in any hurry. No one was due home for hours. I lied down on the bed beside Kayla and took her in my arms.

We kissed and cuddled for several minutes. Kayla finally began to relax and return my caresses with her own. "I love you," the pretty coed whispered. She was telling me she was ready to be fucked and I was going to oblige her.

"And I love you, my darling," I replied. The little darling looked at me as if to say, 'What are you waiting for?' Kayla was ready and getting a bit impatient. I wasn't going to tease her anymore. She spread her legs readily as I got into position. I felt between her legs and found Kayla was lubricating nicely.

"Don't tell nobody," Kayla gasped as my prick sliced through her hymen and seated itself deep in her belly. I smiled to reassure her.

"If you don't tell anyone, then no one will know," I said and set about to make the young woman mine. I began to saw my prick in and out of her, varying my strokes and making sure the 15-year old beauty's clitoris received plenty of attention. In relatively little time Kayla was gasping and shuddering through her first fuck-induced orgasm. I led her through one more cum before my prick swelled and spewed a copious load of sperm-filled cum inside the attractive coed's belly.

I kissed Kayla and pulled out of her. We cleaned up, making sure we didn't leave any tell-tale signs that might alert her mother. I wished Vanessa could have seen her daughter being bred right there on her own bed, but it wasn't possible. Well, Vanessa would know soon enough when Kayla's belly began to swell with my child growing inside her. No one was due home for hours so I stayed with my new woman for two more fuck sessions. By the time I left, Kayla swore her eternal love for me no matter what happened and who knew. I made the same vow to her but as I embraced the young woman, I was already wondering how I was going to bed and breed her little sister Tawny.

I'd never fucked a girl as young as Tawny even though I was 13 years old when I lost my virginity. It was with an experienced 16-year old coed who took a liking to me when she was visiting my sister. That's when I began to appreciate the effect my good looks and charm had on the female sex. She was the one who taught me most of what I know now about seducing women. Luckily, I didn't knock her up. In fact, I didn't sire my first bastard until I was 17 and first starting college. I got involved with a married student who I promptly impregnated. She just as promptly blamed it on her husband. That was when I discovered the joys of knocking up married women with no consequences for me. That's how things remained until I met Vanessa and her daughters.

Most people say 13 is no age for a girl to get pregnant and they're right. People get up in arms when it happens--especially if the girl is white. However, the possibility of early pregnancy is a fact of life in the black community. It doesn't cause nearly as much of a stink here. Still, I'd just about decided to pass on Tawny since I already had the four oldest females in the family spreading their legs for me and accepting my seed inside their bellies. Also, there was the difficulty of getting Tawny alone long enough for me to seduce her. Melanie had been a big help with Lela and Kayla, to be sure. I decided bring up the possibility of her helping me with her youngest sister. I doubted if Melanie would balk. She did, after all, wish to be my slave. As it turned out I didn't even have to mention it to her. The dear girl anticipated my wishes. I'll let you read it in her own words as she related it to me:

-------

"What are you doing?"

"Nothing!" I pulled my hand from between my legs as quickly as I could. I didn't hear Tawny come into the bedroom and she caught me masturbating. It was embarrassing, to say the least, but I couldn't be angry with her. It was her bedroom too. In fact, we shared the same bed. I didn't mind. We were cozy together on wintry nights.

"It looked like you were playing with yourself." She grinned when I glared at her.

"I wasn't playing with myself."

"Then what were you doing?"

It was a spur of the moment decision, but at the same time, it was a calculated one. "I was... thinking about my master," I told her.

"Your what?" Tawny's mouth gaped and her eyes bugged out.

"You heard me."

"Momma will have a fit if she hears about you talking like that."

"The only way she'll hear about it is if you tell her. I'll just deny it and then I won't talk to you for the rest of my life."

"I won't say anything," my sister promised. "Who is he? Who's your master?"

"I can't tell you. His name is a secret." Telling Tawny I had a secret master had definitely piqued her curiosity. I knew my master was interested in Tawny and I'd been wracking my brain for ideas on how to deliver my youngest sister to him. She was hooked. Now I had to try to reel her in. "It's just that I get all turned on when I'm thinking about him. I can't help myself." My hand returned between my legs. I didn't care if Tawny watched me or not.

"Please tell me his name. Pretty please?"

"Why don't you turn out the light and get in bed?" I said. It was bedtime anyway and we'd already said our "good nights" to the rest of the family. She got into bed beside me.

"Is he a white man or is he black? Is he handsome? Are you sleeping with him?"

"He's as black as Dr. King, he's very handsome and yes; I'm sleeping with him."

"Aren't you afraid of getting a baby?"

"I don't worry about anything with him. If he gives me a baby, I won't question his right to do so. I'm only a slave and he's my master."

"Momma's always told us the only man a woman should sleep with is her husband and only after she's lawfully married to him."

"Momma should practice what she preaches."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean I saw my master take Momma as his slave."

"What? I don't believe you."

"I don't care if you don't believe me. When I saw Momma kneeling before him in slave position and then letting him use her I was so thrilled I begged him to take me as his slave too." Tawny was quiet for a while and I thought she might have fallen asleep.

"So your master and Momma's master is the same man?"

"That's right. Momma doesn't know about Master and me, but it wouldn't matter if she did know. She might find out eventually."

"Have I met him?"

"I'm not giving you any hints, but he has seen you. He thinks you're very pretty."

"He doesn't want to make me his slave too, does he?"

"I wouldn't be surprised if he does, but I can't speak for him. I'll tell him know you're interested in becoming his slave and see if he wants you."

"I didn't mean that. I don't want to become anyone's slave. I'll tell Momma or call the police if he tries to force me. I was just wondering if I should be worried and you know... wondering what I should expect if he does try anything. What's a slave position?"

"Don't worry about being forced or anything like that. If you become Master's slave, it's because you want to be. It was the same with me and Momma although Momma didn't realize it right away. I'll teach you slave positions tomorrow if you'd like."

"I can't imagine wanting to become a slave after all I've heard and read about slave life."

"Oh, it's not like anything like what was done to our ancestors, Tawny. The only way I can describe it is that it's like everything I dreamt about true and unconditional love for a man. You just have to realize he isn't likely to make you his wife even if he does give you a baby."

"You'd do that for him?"

"I'd even give him my baby sister to be his slave... if you'd let me." I took Tawny's hand in mine. I felt her shudder, but she didn't try to pull away. I realized then I was sexually attracted to Tawny and maybe she was attracted to me a little.

"It wouldn't be right. I wouldn't know what to do... and I'd be too afraid." I felt that Tawny wasn't rejecting my proposal outright. She wanted to be convinced.

"You just have to lose your inhibitions. That's all. I'll help, but you have to cooperate."

"How?" I turned on my bedside lamp.

"Play with yourself while I watch."

"What? I-I can't do that."

"Sure you can. I'm sure you do it in secret just like any other girl. I'll start off first and then it'll be your turn." I shocked her again by pulling my nightdress up to my waist and pulling off my panties. I felt so nasty sticking my finger down between my legs right in front of my baby sister, but it was a good type of feeling nasty. Between being watched and imagining my master was doing me at that moment, it didn't take long before I had the most intense cum I've ever experienced. After I recovered, I sucked the juices from my finger. "Your turn," I said. "Take off your panties. You won't be allowed to wear panties around Master anyway so you might as well get used to it."

Tawny just stared at me. I could tell she was having a case of nerves and I'd have to do more than talk and demonstrate. She flinched when my hand dipped under her nightdress and gripped the waistband of her panties, but my sister didn't resist. I slipped off her panties and tossed them on the floor. I couldn't believe how submissive she was. I decided her training could be sped up if I just made Tawny my bitch instead of trying to persuade her into each step of willing submission. She gasped as I pushed my hand between her legs. "Don't Melanie!"

"Spread your legs and shut up," I ordered. I'd never spoken harshly to Tawny and she obeyed right away. She was dry when I started fingering her but it wasn't long before she was lubricating nicely. Eventually, she lay back and closed her eyes enjoying the feeling I was producing between her legs. Her ragged breathing told me she was on the verge of nice orgasm. "Who's my bitch," I demanded. My sister opened her eyes and shook her head, silently pleading with me. "Who's my bitch," I repeated and stopped moving my hand.

"I'm your bitch," Tawny gasped.

"Don't you ever forget it," I replied and finished her off with my hand. We sealed our new relationship with a kissing session. I didn't allow Tawny to put panties back on and she fell asleep with my hand between her legs. The next day I taught her slave positions and what to expect from Master. That evening my sister didn't hesitate when I told her to bring herself off and then taught her how to bring me off too.

"When can I meet Master," Tawny asked as we lay naked in each others arms. It was only the fourth night after I seduced her.

"Do you think you're ready? I'm not going to order you to do that. It has to be voluntary. In any case, you'll still be my bitch."

"I'm ready," Tawny replied.

-------

Tawny was in slave position in the middle of my bedroom apartment, stripped naked with a hood over her head. I smiled in approval at Melanie's accomplishment. She was also stripped in slave position. I pulled the hood from the 13-year-old's head. The young beauty blinked her eyes trying to adjust to the sudden light. Tawny looked surprised when she recognized me but then smiled faintly.

"Proclaim your slavery," I ordered.

"I am a slave," she replied.

"Who is your master?"

"You are my master." I took off my robe, leaving myself naked, and led Tawny to my bed. Melanie was ignored and remained in place, not moving. With little foreplay or ceremony I destroyed the young girl's maidenhead in a few quick thrusts. She was a brave lass and didn't cry out.

"You didn't act too surprised to see me," I said as I continued to fuck Tawny.

"I... was hoping it was you, Master. Does this mean that Lela is also your slave?"

"Not yet, little one," I replied.

"I love you, Master. Please don't ever leave us." Tawny shuddered through her first orgasm and I shuddered through my first ever twinge of conscience. Why didn't I stick with married women? My conscience, however, didn't stop me from filling Tawny's fertile womb with my virile sperm.

I won't going into all the times I met with Vanessa and her four daughters. Needless to say, it all had to come to an end. Dear Lela burst into tears one evening and told she was sure she was pregnant. Of course, I told her not to worry. Vanessa called me the next day and told she was afraid she was pregnant followed almost immediately by a Melanie announcing she had tested positive from a kit she purchased at the Wal-Mart. She also told me that Kayla and Tawny had missed their periods. She promised to test them also and get back to me with the results. I didn't need any further results. It was time to move one.

I always have a prearranged plan to disappear at a moment's notice and I set it into effect. Two days later my cell phone was disposed of, my apartment was for lease, and my car lease was paid off and returned to the dealership. I was in another part of the country setting up shop.

I actually kept in touch with Melanie through an anonymous email proxy. I've seen pictures of all my babies. They're so cute. She told me no one holds any ill feelings against me with the exception of Lela who was heartbroken. Also, I sent money to Vanessa through an intermediary to help out with support. See! I do have a conscience. But you won't hear about me doing something like that again. From now on, I'm sticking with married women.


-------
The End
-------
 