After Philadelphia was wrapped, they all exhaustedly boarded the red eye back to Los Angeles. It had been too long since everyone had been home and they didn't want to waste any time. Paula missed her dogs, Randy missed his family, and Simon missed his cars. Lauren followed behind Paula with her overnight flight carry-on bag consisting of lots of water, a sleep mask, a blanket, and a soft pillow among other things. Paula sat next to Lauren but was aware of Simon, sitting next to Randy a few rows back. It was a full first class full of business people and young, rich men and women, all who seemed wholly unimpressed to be sharing their flight with the Idol judges. It was just how they liked it.

"I've been meaning to talk to you about your birthday," Paula said, looking over at Lauren.

"My what?" Lauren asked, surprised, looking up from her book.

"It's next week, right?" Paula asked. Lauren slid her finger between the pages and closed the book, giving Paula her full attention.

"You really don't have to worry about that sort of thing," she said.

"I want to," Paula said. "Now, tell me how old you'll be turning."

"Twenty-five," she said and Paula winced.

"Damn, I'm old," she said. "Anyway, I was thinking of having your party at..."

"My party?" Lauren squeaked.

"I always throw my assistants parties for their birthdays," Paula said. "I was thinking of holding it at Simon's Malibu house."

"Okay," Lauren said, suddenly too tired to argue with her crazy boss. "Maybe like, a nice dinner or something if you're adamant about celebrating it but I really don't think I need a party."

"You've been with me almost a year. You deserve a party whether or not it's your birthday, but since it is, on September 1st we are going to celebrate you," Paula said. "Friends, family the whole shebang."

Lauren paled.

"Oh my God," Paula said. "You still haven't told them!"

"Well, when I told Jamie it went so wrong... I mean, we broke up, so no I didn't tell them!" she hissed.

"Your family can't break up with you," Paula pointed out.

"You've not met my mother," Lauren said dryly. "I don't know about this."

"I do," Paula said. "It's gonna happen. Besides, I've already downloaded your contacts from your phone into my computer, so all I have to do is send out the invitations in the morning."

"I hate you," Lauren said, opening her book. "A lot."

"You do not," Paula laughed. "Now go trade seats with Simon."

"A-HA!" Lauren said, a little too loudly. She slunk down in her seat. "I mean I knew it! He was in your room this morning, wasn't he? WASN'T HE?"

"It doesn't exactly take a detective to have figured that out," Paula said. "That we can talk about later. Now go, watching you read is boring." Lauren sighed and gathered up her things, walking the long walk down the aisle to Simon. He smiled up at her smugly.

"The Queen wishes an audience with you," she said. Simon stood and made his way down toward Paula and Lauren sat heavily in the now unoccupied seat next to Randy.

"Please tell me they are just friends," Randy said. Lauren pressed her lips together firmly.

"Lauren, please tell they haven't actually... you know...." he begged, knowing it would make the rest of the season his personal hell.

"Officially I'm sure I have no idea to what you are referring," Lauren said.

"Unofficially?" he asked. Lauren made a disgusted expression and Randy put his head into his hands.

"Gross," he muttered. "So very, very gross."

oooo

When Simon sat down next to her, she pushed up the arm between the seats and snuggled into him. He tucked her blanket over them and she sighed. He could feel her breath on his neck. The lights of the cabin dimmed and they were cocooned in their dark, warm seats. Simon knew that if he had been flying with Terri or any other supermodel girlfriend, he'd be trying to slip his hand up her shirt right now, but for some reason, he just wanted to feel Paula asleep against him and nothing more. Under the blanket, she linked her fingers with hers. He gave her hand a squeeze.

oooo

They all parted ways at LAX. Lauren drove quietly toward Paula's house in the dim, dawn light. Though Paula had slept, she was still tired and neither felt like chatting. At the terminal, Simon had kissed her cheek and promised to call her. She had watched him slip into his limo and float away like she did every time this year. It had been odd. They weren't together, really. She had to keep telling herself that.

"Take a couple days off," Paula said when they'd arrived. "But don't forget about your party."

"Oh Paula," Lauren said.

"I'll let you know all the details," she said. "Bye sweetie."

"Bye," Lauren said, looking, at least, relieved to be going home for a few days. For all that Paula told to Lauren, for all the time they spent together, she really didn't know all that much about her assistant. She didn't know where she lived, any of her friends or family, if she had pets, what size shoe she wore... not enough. She hoped the party would be the beginning of the remedy for that.

Inside, the house was clean and still. Her housekeeper had been by the day before. There was a message in the machine from Wendy telling her she could come get her dogs whenever she was ready. Paula wanted to get into her car and speed to her sister's house to get her dogs, but she knew she should probably sleep for a few hours first. She trudged upstairs, leaving her luggage by the front door. She pulled off every stitch of clothing she had on and climbed into bed. She was asleep in moments.

The sun woke her. She hadn't bothered to draw the curtains and as soon as the sun hit her face she was awake. She rolled over to glance at her clock – it had been several hours. She decided to get out of bed. She stumbled to the shower and dressed in jeans and a white blouse. It was probably hot, but this would do just to get the doggies. She brushed her hair out and put in some product but decided after days on camera, her hair could probably use a day off from the blow dryer. She, instead, sat at the table on her balcony in the sun and allowed her hair to dry up into her natural curls. She had a stack of invitations for Lauren's party. She needed to make sure she had the guest list right, though. Simon hadn't been thrilled at the idea of celebrating Lauren but had said she could use the house if she wanted. She tried not to think about the fact that he would be returning to England the day after.

Now, she looked up the list of numbers she'd printed from Lauren's phone. She needed the advice of the one person who knew most about Lauren: her best friend Marissa. She dialed the number and waited.

"Elegance Event Planning, this is Marissa," the voice answered after a few rings.

"Hello, this is Paula Abdul," she said. There was an expected pause as the woman on the other end of the phone decided how to react to a celebrity cold calling her.

"Is Lauren okay?" she asked, finally, sounding worried.

"Oh yes," Paula said, "That isn't why I'm calling."

"Oh," said Marissa. "What can I do for you Miss Abdul?" Paula smiled at the strained voice.

"Well, I'm throwing a little party for your friend Lauren's birthday and I thought that perhaps you could help me?"

"Of course," Marissa said. "It's what I do."

"Do you have time to see me today? I'm doing everything last minute, as usual," Paula admitted.

"Sure," Marissa said. "I have time in the afternoon. You could come to the office or I could meet you somewhere."

"I'll come to you," Paula said. "One o'clock?"

"Sure," Marissa said. Paula hung up, pleased that Lauren's best friend hadn't screamed into her ear or flipped out. Paula tucked the invitations into her bag and went to go collect her doggies. Wendy didn't live far and was pleased to give Paula her dogs back.

"They're beasts!" Wendy exclaimed, while Paula rolled around on the floor, letting the dogs jump all over her.

"No!" Paula said, laughing as Tulip licked her face. "They missed their mommy."

"Take them," Wendy said.

"Okay, okay. You don't want to stay with your mean aunt Wendy anyway, do you?" she said to the dogs. "Oh, Wen, I have an invitation for you."

"For what?" her sister asked.

"Lauren's birthday," Paula said, fishing a yellow envelope out of her bag for her sister.

"Miss Lauren, I love her. Can we clone her? I want one," Wendy said, opening the envelope and sliding the scalloped invitation out to look at it. "Malibu?"

"At Simon's house," Paula admitted. "And by the way, did I tell you that he bought the house next door to Emilio?"

"NO!" Wendy said.

"I KNOW," said Paula. "He's such an ass."

"I saw those pictures, you know, of you at the beach. You two sure do a terrible job of convincing the public you aren't sleeping together," Wendy said. Paula picked up Thumbelina and buried her face into her fur. "Paula?"

"Well we aren't," said Paula.

"Oh. My. God."

"We haven't had sex!" Paula said.

"SIMON?" Wendy exclaimed. "COWELL?"

"You aren't listening to me," Paula whined.

"I know what that look means," Wendy said, crossing her arms. "Just like you didn't have sex with Peter Frankson in high school and how you didn't have sex with my boyfriend in college!"

"You were on a break," Paula said, sticking her tongue out. "And it isn't like that at all."

"You promised me there was nothing there," Wendy accused.

"Well," said Paula, delicately. "That was then."

"You bitch," Wendy said. "You tell me everything right now."

"I can't," Paula said airily, patting her leg to round up the other dogs. "I have to take the girls home and then I have a meeting with Lauren's best friend to finish up the party planning."

"I hate you."

"No, you don't. I'll see you Saturday?" Paula pressed.

"This isn't over!" Wendy called as Paula and her dogs went out the door.

oooo

Paula was happy that she had GPS in her car when she tried to find Elegance Event Planning. It was tucked off the main route in a clean, new building. She was hit with a wall of air-conditioning when she opened the door. The receptionist was typing at her computer and did a double take when she looked up. Paula smiled.

"Can I help you?" the receptionist asked, nearly bouncing in her seat.

"I'm here to see Marissa Meyers," Paula said, calmly.

"She didn't tell me you were coming," the girl said. "I'll ring her. Please, have a seat."

"Sure," Paula said, sitting primly. The receptionist whispered furtively into the phone for a moment before hanging up.

"She'll be right out!" Paula was informed. Soon, a woman came out to greet her. Paula stood and smiled.

"Hi, I'm Marissa," she said, shaking Paula's hand. "Come on back."

Marissa was taller than Paula, almost everyone was, and had dark hair and glasses. She wore a grey suit and her office was tidy, but well lived-in. She looked busy. The first thing she did was put the phone to voicemail and offer Paula something to drink.

"I'm fine," Paula said. "I know I'm interrupting your workday."

"I'm glad to have the interruption," Marissa admitted, pushing her glasses up her nose. "You're the most exciting thing that ever happened to poor Sarah out there."

"I noticed," Paula said, laughing. "I hope she's okay."

"She'll be fine," Marissa said. "Now, what is it about Lauren you need to know?"

"Well, I'm sure you and I both know she's kind of secretive about her life," Paula said and Marissa rolled her eyes to show she knew exactly what Paula was talking about. "I want to invite her family and friends but I'm not really sure who they are!"

"Lauren said you could invite Carol?" Marissa said, surprised.

"Carol?"

"Her mother," Marissa explained. "Lauren has been bending over backwards to hide you from her mother."

"I don't understand why," Paula said.

"It isn't you. It's Carol. She's... anti-Hollywood," Marissa said. "But I think she deserves the benefit of the doubt, I guess."

"I love Lauren," Paula said. "I really just want her to have a good birthday."

"Do you have invitations?" Marissa asked. Paula nodded. "If you leave them, I'll make sure they get to the right people."

"Thank you," Paula gushed. "I mean really. I would have been more on top of it, but we just finished filming auditions yesterday and I just..."

"It's my pleasure," Marissa said. "As long as I get an invite to Lauren's star-studded party."

They laughed.

oooo

When Paula pulled up to her house, Simon was inside the gate, leaning against the hood of his car, waiting for her.

"Hey," she said, locking her car with the push of a button.

"You weren't home," he said.

"I didn't expect to see you," she said. "You didn't call me."

"I wanted to surprise you, I guess," he said. She unlocked her door and let them both in, while the dogs rushed around their ankles. Paula crouched to pet each one before standing.

"Well, I'm glad you're here. I wanted to talk to you about Saturday," she said. "Lauren's party."

"Oh yes," he said rolling his eyes. "Lauren."

"You didn't have to say yes," she reminded him.

"I know. About how many are you expecting?" he asked. She got a couple water bottles from the refrigerator and handed him one. They sat down on her sofa.

"Between Idol staff, friends, and family? Fifty, probably," she said. "I'll cater so there won't be much set up or clean up. It will be fun! Sun and bathing suits and drinking."

"I have to go?" he asked, shocked.

"Yes, you have to go. We're hosting together," she said.

"Together," he repeated. "Well, okay."

"Simon," she said. She was about to ask him what he was doing there, what were his motives when she decided to just accept the fact that he had wanted to see her because she'd wanted to see him too. "Do you want to stay for dinner?"

"Okay," he said.

She made lasagna and salad. She put him in charge of the bread and over saw him spreading butter and adding garlic. They opened a bottle of wine and ate in the backyard where the day had cooled off into a warm night. Afterward, leaving the dishes on the table, they sat at the edge of the pool, their feet dangling in the warm water. Occasionally bumping into one another.

Simon was talking about one of the auditions they saw earlier, someone he thought would do well in Hollywood but she was tired of talking shop.

"What are you doing here?" she asked, finally.

"Eating your food and drinking your wine," he said, picking up the almost empty glass. He drained the last of the red wine from it – his cheeks were rosy. Hers were too, probably.

"Just talk to me about this," she said. "What we did in the limo... it was fun and exciting but maybe a bad idea."

"Touching you is never a bad idea," he said seriously.

"I can't be another girl on your arm," she pushed on. "I'm to old to be your arm candy."

"I'm not asking you to be," he said.

"Oh," she said, kicking her leg out so the water rippled, out and out to the edge of the pool. When she lifted her leg out of the water, the air was cold against her skin.

"You always expect the worst of me," he whispered theatrically. "Could I not be in this for more noble reasons?"

"You? Noble?"

"I was with Terri for six years, darling. I know how to be faithful, despite what the tabloids said," he promised.

"Are you really trying to tell me that you'd be faithful to me?" she asked. He squirmed a little.

"I'm saying that if after our night of wild, passionate sex we still want to spend time with one another, that would be all right," he said. "And if it turns out all this is, is sexual tension that needs to be broken, then I will continue to adore you from afar."

"Wow, I think somewhere in all those words, you said a nice thing," she said.

"You know that I adore you, is what I'm saying. I've tried not to, but I do. So there."

He nodded, once, as if to emphasize his point. She put her head against his shoulder and he draped his arm over her.

"Simon, will you stay the night?" she asked.

His sigh of relief was audible.

"Yes," he said.