How It All Started (Intro)
hockeyfan
Fri Nov 9, 2007 12:1671.60.57.170

  Hi all,

  I'm a long time reader, but this is my first story attempt. It is a blend of 
  fiction and an actual experience of mine. The standard names are changed and 
  such to protect the guilty, so-to-speak. 

  This first chapter is mostly set-up (no real nudity), but if you like where 
  the storyline is heading, I'll gladly post more. I have more adventures in 
  note form, so I'd need to flush them out, but I was hoping to get some initial 
  feedback. I apolgize for any lingering grammar mistakes, as I'm far from an 
  English major, but I try to cleanup what I can. 

  Thanks,
  HF 


How It All Started (Ch. 1)
  hockeyfanHow 
Fri Nov 9, 2007 12:1771.60.57.170

  To provide some background, my name is Will. I’ve always enjoyed a dominant 
  position in relationships. But instead of manifesting domination with whips 
  and chains, I truly enjoy enforcing my dominance through her nudity and 
  exhibitionism. 

  For me, it’s vital that she enjoys the experience and is willing to push her 
  boundaries at my direction and insistence. I get a rush seeing her submit her 
  will to the overwhelming wave of emotion, embarrassment, or humiliation from 
  being naked in a situation where the normal person would be fully clothed. 
  It’s the thoughts that race through her head and feelings that flow through 
  her body that I want to produce. It’s what I call a “streaker’s high.” I’m not 
  looking to produce utter fear and degradation. 

  The biggest problem I seemed to have is finding the right woman to submit to 
  my vision of a relationship. But some time ago, when I started graduate 
  school, I met a 24 year old bombshell, Danielle. She’s the woman of every 
  man’s dreams – tall, blond and a killer body. As a law student, Danielle is 
  also a smart and career-oriented, a major turn on for me. So, I’ve met this 
  great woman I cannot get of my head (either head). Now, I’ve got two problems: 
  1) I can’t imagine a law student has much of a wild side to exploit, and 2) 
  she was in a relationship at the time. 

  Although I thought Danielle’s boyfriend at the time was a loser, I figured no 
  man on earth was dumb enough to screw-up a relationship and let this girl hit 
  he free agent market. I had some inclination that things were not 100% between 
  the two of them because Danielle and I were flirty, but it seemed that flirty 
  was as good as it would get. About six months later, my luck changed, as I got 
  word that Danielle was single. 

  At this point, I was not sure how to tread. I certainly knew what I 
  wanted…Danielle. But I did not want to be too intrusive and I wanted to allow 
  her to get over the 2+ year relationship she just left. After some time, on a 
  Friday evening, I invited Danielle to grab a bite to eat and catch a movie. I 
  didn’t necessarily pitch it as a “date night,” but as we’d come to find out, 
  this evening sent us down a path that we’d never turn back. 

  By now, we were trying to kill time until our 10 p.m. movie. The conversation 
  turned to relationships; more specifically, we started to discuss what we want 
  in a relationship. At one point, she caught me off guard by saying, “You’re 
  always so sweet and respectful, any woman would be lucky to have you as their 
  boyfriend.” Here was my moment, the door was wide open. What did I do? I got 
  cold feet and did nothing. Damn it. 

  Conversation continued and turned towards the bedroom when she was trying to 
  describe why she broke off her last relationship. Danielle said, “I’m kind of 
  embarrassed to say so, but he used to dominate me in the bedroom. I actually 
  liked being submissive, being called a slut, and being commanded to perform at 
  his whim. But he became violent and was turned on by my physical pain. I just 
  hated the pain, but thought that maybe I’d grow to like it. It just became too 
  much, too scary.” After a pause, she continued, “I’m sorry, I cannot believe I 
  just told you that.” 

  To break the somewhat awkward tension, I replied, “Don’t worry about it, I 
  understand.”

  “What do you mean you understand?” she asked inquisitively, “You also like 
  being dominated?”

  “No, I like enjoy being dominant in the bedroom.”

  “You seem way too nice to be hurting anyone with whips and chains,” she 
  replied. 

  I explained, “I’m not into pain or physical punishment, I guess you’d say that 
  I’m more into the experience of dominance and submission as a way to heighten 
  and stimulate the relationship and carry that into the bedroom.”

  “What do you mean?”

  “I make rules and have my girlfriend, if I had one, follow them and do some 
  things that might be a little embarrassing for her to exert my dominance.”

  “Like what?”

  “For starters, I’d only ever allow my girlfriend to wear dresses or skirts 
  when we’re out on a date, because 1) I find them to be sexy and 2) I’d have 
  easier access to her.”

  She replied, “It sounds interesting, but doesn’t sound all that hard. I mean, 
  I’m wearing a skirt right now, and although I like how I look, it does not 
  seem overly stimulating.”

  Seeing how far this might go, I responded, “Well, see, if you wanted to be my 
  girlfriend, you’d have to go to the bathroom, take off your panties, and give 
  them to me.”

  With a smile on her face, she asked, “So that’s all it would take to be your 
  girlfriend…just giving you my panties?”

  I replied, “That’s just the first step.”

  With that, and to my surprise, she immediately excused herself and headed to 
  the bathroom. A minute later, she emerged with her right hand clenched tightly 
  in a fist. As she sat down, she opened her fist and placed a hot pink thong 
  onto the table and said, “There, you go.”

  I’m sure I was smiling from ear-to-ear as I asked, “So how does it feel to be 
  sitting in the middle of a one of our favorite hangouts without wearing any 
  panties under your skirt? 

  She replies, “I feel really kind of naughty. I’m getting a little excited.”

  “Perfect…let’s get the check.”

  I motion to our waiter across the room for the check. A few minutes later, he 
  arrives at the table and nearly puts the check on the pink panties, but it was 
  obvious he saw them sitting there. The look in Danielle’s face was priceless. 
  I’m sure it was a combination of guilt, embarrassment, and pride. 

  Once we were outside the restaurant, Danielle turned to me and said, “I can’t 
  believe he saw my panties just sitting on the table. I’m so embarrassed.”

  I smiled and said, “I know. And since I know you’re not going to need those 
  anymore, I left them for him…a little extra tip, you could say.”

  Danielle’s eyes grew wide and all she said was “William…oh my…” as I cut her 
  off with a passionate kiss. As our lips were locked, she ran her hand over the 
  front of my pants…I knew this night was going to be the start of something 
  amazing. 


  



 