THE ATONEMENTS OF JOANIE: A BIRTHDAY TOMORROW

BY PENT

Preface

I can recall the whole occasion in vivid detail, and only had to
commit the tale to paper exactly as it all happened.

The memories will be hidden from you now by tricks of the mind,
Joanie my love. But let me take you back, to the time when your
were soon to be twelve years old . . . and bring the events up
before your eyes, just as they happened.

To help bring it all back to you, Joanie my love, I write as
though it is *you* telling what happened; it is quite long, so
your account is in separate chapters: Parts 1-5. With fondest
memories, dearest Joanie,

Your ever loving Uncle Penty X X X X

Part 1

Thinking back to the time of my twelfth birthday, I remember
feeling more and more depressed as the day came closer, with no
appetite at meals and sitting around miserably as my spirits sank
lower with every new dawn.

On the actual day before my birthday, after Blossom had cleared
the breakfast dishes, Uncle Penty was reading the newspaper and I
was staring blankly at the Comic Section, . . he said - and I
write all these words as close as I can remember now:

"Joanie my love, it's your twelfth birthday tomorrow, and your
have been looking more and more miserable every passing day for
almost two weeks!"

"You don't have to tell me Uncle Pent!"

"I think I know why you are feeling this way, my love -I've seen
the way you have been gazing at the portrait of your dear Mother
in the hall."

"You feel bad about the way things turned out twelve years ago,
as though it was your fault and you were to blame . . ."

"But as I've said a thousand times, nothing at all about it was
"your fault" and I know dear Sis never dreamed for a moment of
blaming you Joanie dearest . . ."

"You just *say* that!"

"Come and sit here on my knee, Joanie love I want to cuddle you .
. ."

"Our feelings, you know, aren't always rational, and I understand
very well what you are going through each time your birthday
comes round . . ."

And I buried my face in Penty's shoulder so he wouldn't see my
tears: I always loved the smell and feel of his rough tweed
jacked!

"I want this year to be different though my dearest Joanie -This
year I am going to try and help you as much as I can to change
your feelings so you can have a really happy carefree day
tomorrow!!"

"But how, Uncle Penty?!!"

"You've done a lot of reading, Joanie love, and you know about
people doing penance for things they have done wrong - or think
they have done wrong . . atoning for things they feel very guilty
about."

"I want you to be able to atone for any faults you may have
committed in your short life."

"Atone? You mean I just have to do something I don't really
like?"

"Well, really *really* don't like! It will hurt you a lot - so
you really *know* you are doing penance-and you will awake
tomorrow on your birthday, still hurting, but feeling as free as
a lark and ready to sing!!!"

"Really?! That'd be wonderful!!!"

"If you agree to do this, Joanie love, Blossom will have this
evening off and leave the house, and I have asked some close
friends to come here and help me with your atonement."

"Uncle Penty I will do anything if I can stop feeling so
miserable. And if you've already asked your friends to come then
you knew I'd say "Yes"!"

"Good!!! They have all met you before at one time or another -and
they all very much want to help you . . ."

"See if you like what I suggest: We will all be in the dining
room upstairs while they play poker with me there . . ."

"And the one who wins each game -so it's a matter of chance who
does it -will come over and spank you for five minutes or cause
you pain in some other way."

"Your wrists and ankles will be held by soft leather straps, so
you can't move very much to make it a real penance for you . . ."

"Penty, they really will be a penances for me, won't they?!"

"It will only be for your own good, not in any way for the
pleasure of me or my friends, and by the end of the evening you
will be hurting very badly and you certainly will have done your
penance to atone fully for any wrongs you may have done to anyone
in the past."

"If you think it'll work, I want to do it!!"

"I promise you will wake up tomorrow on the day you are twelve
with your body still hurting a lot, but with joy in your heart,
so you will be smiling and laughing with all the other friends
you have asked to your party. And a conjurer is coming too who
will make a white rabbit come out of a hat . . . and you will
have a wonderful time -after you have atoned in full tonight . .
."

"Are you brave enough to do this, Joanie my love, so it can be
the first birthday that you will enjoy in the happy and carefree
way your dear Mother would have wanted?"

Long before dear Penty had finished the last bit the tears were
running down my face and I was sobbing quietly as he talked -He
had seen exactly how terrible I had been feeling and why!

"Yes!!! I hope your friends hurt me very much! I doooo!!! Oh!
Thank you Penty! I couldn't ask for anything better to happen to
me tonight!!! I do love you, dear wise Penty!!"

And gave dear Uncle Penty a big hug with my wet face rubbing up
against his strong chin . . .

"Joanie my dear sweet niece!!! I want you to go to your room now
and spend the day there. I'll ask Blossom to bring you a tray
with some lunch on it, and tea at five."

"Look at the illustrations in this book as you sit beside the
lovely picture you have of your dear Mother."

"It is called "Penances for a Nun", from the Priory of Saint
Radegund in Cambridge -it was the punishment manual used for the
nuns there."

"Thank you Uncle Penty!"

"That priory is a college now, which I went to, and the book was
discovered recently in its old library -it was written on
parchment more than seven hundred years ago and this is a xerox
copy of it -the college presented one to each alumnus who gave a
lot at their last fund-raising . . ."

"The words are all in Latin but the illustrations were drawn with
a pen in black ink and copied well -you'll find they speak for
themselves and show you the sort of penances that the young nuns
in the convent used to do -punishments mostly given them by the
visiting Father Confessor . ."

"Thank you Penty, you do think of everything!!"

"As you look at those pictures of one nun after another being
punished with canes and belts and whips on all parts of their
bodies and being made to stand naked out of doors, think to
yourself of the wrongs for which you will be atoning this evening
. . ." 

"Yes, Uncle Penty! I will!! I will!!!"

"Prepare yourself for the pain you will bear tonight - bravely
-as you think about why you need to atone . . ."

"I think this is going to change my life, Penty, I do!!!"

"Yes, Joanie ! I think it will ! ! I will come up to your door at
seven o'clock, when it's dark outside and my friends have
arrived."

"Better start to prepare yourself at six o'clock -first do all
you can on the toilet then have a hot bath and scrub yourself
with soap, rinse off well and dry carefully with your big warm
bath towel."

"Put on clean underwear and your old summer dress -the yellow
one that I always say looks so nice on you -with white socks and
your black shiny slippers and brush your lovely hair until it
shines . ."

"And remember all the time -It is only for your own good, Joanie
my dear love, and my friends and I will help you to atone."

"You are wonderful Penty!!!"

"You have a clock on your wall so please be ready and waiting for
me at seven . . ."

"All right, Joanie my sweet? Now, take the book and upstairs to
your room and think what this is all about!"

"I'll be ready for you, Uncle Penty!!"

He gave me a gentle hug and kissed my forehead, then, as I turned
to go he gave my bottom a light pat.

Through my tears, I grinned over my shoulder as I went -I do so
love Uncle Penty.

