The Plane Trip, Part Six.

 That evening John and Kylie decided to take me into the town of South Lake Tahoe to show me off in the casinos and then catch a movie after dinner. It sounded like a fantastic evening and I was excited to finally be getting out, but was also a bit apprehensive about what might be in store for me. Kylie slipped on a black sheath over her hard body with no underwear as John watched and stroked his huge penis and played with my breasts, which were swollen and hard from watching her dress, just like his cock.

  Kylie grinned, and as she slid her feet into her high heels she twirled and did a little bump and grind for us, which almost made me cum on the spot, she is soo sexy! John put on a tan pair of chinos and a white tee that showed off his dark good looks and bulging arm muscles. What a pair these two were and so sexy looking together I was almost dripping with lust as I stared at them while waiting for my instructions on what I was to wear.

  "Come here, Pet," she said as she took my hand and led me into the huge walk in closet, "I have a few little things I picked up for you, and they should fit great, you are so perfectly proportioned." I blushed as she ran her fingernails over my stiff nipples and I gasped and grabbed her arms so I wouldn't keel over as the blood rushed from my head down to my lower regions, and my thighs began heating up like they do when I am really getting turned on. "Oh, God, I'm gonna cum if you don't stop," I panted, as she smiled and kissed my open mouth and ran her tongue over my teeth.

   "Okay, I'll have mercy on you for now." she giggled, as she reached up and pulled a little white sheath dress off its hanger and held it in front of me to check if it was going to fit. I gasped when I saw how shear it was. It was almost see through with little gold buttons running down the front from the low cut bodice to the short hem. She opened up the dress and I slid my arms into the thin straps, and she arranged them on my shoulders and then slowly buttoned me in as she ran her hands over my hot little body until I was vibrating like a violin string and gasping for air.

   She whistled, as did John, as she turned me in front of the full length mirror. I had to admit it was a knockout dress and it fit every curve on me like a glove. It was a beautifully cut silk thing and I felt it rub softly over my swollen nipples and my shaven cunt lips and I shuddered and panted as I squeezed my legs together tight. Kylie ran her fingers up my rear and pushed the fabric into my crack and I felt my juices start to flow inside and knew I was going to gush on the floor in a second if she didn't quit. She grinned and John laughed at my flushed face and lust filled expression as I ogled myself in the mirror. I have always been a closet narcissist and I love my little body and the way it gets me all hot and bothered to look at it.

  Kylie slid little strappy white sandals on my feet that had to be at least three inches high and made my legs and ankles really look sexy. Then John handed me a little jewelry box and I opened it and gasped. Inside was a delicate little gold anklet with a heart on it with the words `Little Pet' on it and tears began to run down my cheeks as I hugged him and kissed him. "You guys are so sweet!" I said as Kylie knelt and fit it to my left ankle. Then as she looked up at me she ran her hands up both my legs and under the dress and grazed my outer lips with her long fingernails. I jerked, and my legs trembled, and I screamed as an orgasm shook me violently and I held onto her shoulders tightly as the contractions hit me over and over.

  John went into the bathroom and came out with a warm wash cloth and towel and they cleaned me up as I panted, and my body jerked from little after shocks like it always does. Then Kylie fixed my hair up on top of my head so I looked a lot older and very glamorous. I looked once again in the mirror and wondered where the little blond girl had gone as I stared at the woman in the glass. Then I saw the old familiar impish glint in my eyes and grinned at my reflection as I smoothed the sexy dress over my hips and checked how it fit over my bottom as I turned and posed. "If this doesn't turn some heads my name isn't Jan," I chuckled to myself. The light from the bedroom backlit me and I could see the shadow of my legs and the folds of my swollen little cunt and I knew everybody would know I was naked under the dress. I was so turned on by the thought that I almost came again, but I bit my lip and turned away quickly as John and Kylie held a gorgeous full length cashmere coat up for me to slip into. God, I felt so loved and sexy and turned on, and I didn't know if I could bear it any more!

  They removed my collar, since it wouldn't look good in public in their town, and held my hands as we walked out to the chauffeured limo and we all slid into the smooth leather seats as the driver held the door. I'm not sure exactly what John does but it involves some gambling dealings so I guess he is pretty high up in the industry in Tahoe. But I loved the feel of the warm leather as we sipped Champaign and chatted on the way into town. I kept getting little thrills from my nerve endings as the smooth silk shifted under me and over my breasts when I turned back and forth to look at each one of them so I was in a constant state of arousal the whole trip. John didn't help any, either, as he held my hand over the large bulge in his slacks as it throbbed and pulsed under my probing fingers.

  We arrived at the casino and went in and hit the slots and then played Blackjack and the roulette table for a while. John excused himself to go talk to one of the owners and Kylie and I wandered around playing different games. I started getting really hot under the coat but was scared to take it off until Kylie decided for me, and pulled it off my shoulders as we sat at one of the little bars and sipped more bubbly. The coat guy came and took it as several guys ogled my legs which were almost totally exposed under my short dress. The light from the bar made the top of the dress almost transparent and Kylie kept grinning as she openly ogled my swelling pink nipples under the thin material. So did the bartender, so my face was crimson and my thighs were burning as I tried to keep my lustful feelings at bay,

  John came back and we moved over to a little booth and they slid me in between them and ordered more drinks as I looked the place over and tried to think of anything but the fact I wanted to get fucked so bad I could almost taste cum on my tongue. I felt John's hand slide up my leg at the same time as Kylie's slid up the other as if they thought exactly alike. They inched higher and higher as I looked back and forth at them grinning at me like cats playing with a canary. The dim lighting hid the fact that my chest was heaving and my nipples were making little mountains in the thin material of the silk dress. I shuddered and closed my eyes as their hands edged ever higher teasing me unmercifully until I was panting and squirming lower trying to reach their fingers with my now puffy cunt lips. I spread my legs wider and wider and then yelped as I felt fingers probing my wet slit. The thrills streaked up and down my body as fingers finally found my inner lips and slowly began to run in and out as I moved my hips up and down, fucking their hands faster and faster.

  "Oh, God, you guys, I am so hot! I need release soo bad! Oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, like that, Oh God!" I whispered as I grabbed their wrists and pumped my wet cunt faster and faster against their probing fingers. John was running his tongue in my ear as Kylie started on the other and as they sucked and bit lightly my juices erupted on their hands making their fingers slick and I humped them faster in my urgency to cum. Just as the dam was about to break they stopped and I groaned," Oh, God don't stop, please, I want to cum now!" I opened my eyes and looked at them and they were grinning as Kylie reached up and fingered the top button on the already dangerously low cut dress and I shook my head and mumbled, "No. Please. Not in public, Oh, God, what are you doing to me, I am going crazy here!"

   I felt the material give as the button ever so slowly slid out of its hole and the dress top gaped open a little. Then her fingers trailed lower as I gasped again, and when the next button released I felt the silk rub my stiff nipples as it slid a little to the sides leaving a bigger opening so I could look down and see the little pink sides of my puffy nipples slowly peaking out on both sides. I looked around quickly to see if we were being watched but the few patrons in the small alcove bar were all busy and oblivious to what I was going through. Then my mind went into overload as my nerve endings screamed as Kylie unfastened the next button and I felt the material release around my waist and knew there were only a couple of buttons left before I was naked in public. I was shaking so hard my knees were vibrating as I felt John once again slide his fingers up my soaking wet cunt and I gasped and jerked in my seat which caused the dress to open more until Kylie laid her soft hand over my exposed breast and tweaked my swollen nipple.

   I almost shrieked as I felt Kylie slide down and release the last buttons and the dress fell away as I slid lower and threw my head back on the leather with my eyes closed and my mouth hanging open. She ran her hands all over my exposed breasts and pulled on my hard nipples as John finger fucked me faster and faster. I gasped and moaned," Oh, God, I'm gonna' cum, unh, unh, unh, unh oh yes, oh God, I'm cummiiiing!" I arched up off the seat as the dress fell completely off my jerking little frame, and I clamped down hard on John's hand with my cunt muscles and thighs as Kylie yanked hard on my nipples and I gasped for air as my body jerked over and over from the sweet contractions surging up and down my sweaty little body. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," I moaned over and over as they continued to pummel me, and I turned as Kylie sank her tongue deep into my panting open mouth and I sucked on her for all I was worth. I must have cum a thousand times it seemed as I threw my self around the seat, sandwiched tightly between the two sexy people who were giving me such fantastic pleasure.

  Then I opened my eyes and looked around and saw all the faces staring at me and I wanted to die right then, I was so embarrassed. But John just stared them all down and they went back to their business with occasional cursory glances only.  Kylie helped me get redressed and John wiped my juices off my legs under the table, grinning all the time. We then ate dinner, which was fantastic. When we finished John motioned for the bartender, and my coat materialized as if by magic, and we left after a short stop at the restrooms to clean up. I never saw John pay for our drinks or any of the money we gambled, so I guess he really was a big shot or something. I felt so safe and secure, it was awesome.

  We went to a show and had dinner there and then we headed to the movie complex where Kylie said they liked to see X rated movies sometimes. As if I needed any more stimulation? I was surprised however, when we were joined by two beautiful girls about my own age at the door. John introduced me and they grinned and shook my hand, and then exchanged a look between them and nodded so I was a little confused. But I knew if they were friends of my `Masters', which I now thought of Kylie and John as, then I had nothing to fear. We bought popcorn and went in and took seats way up in the back and settled in. I looked around the dim theatre and it was almost deserted, just a few single guys and a couple of single women sitting together in the next row in front of us. The two girls sat down by them and they started chatting so I guess they were all old friends which left Kylie and John and I alone in the next row.

  The lights came down and the screen lit up and I took a deep breath and hoped the movie was at least a good one with some sort of a plot, not just the usual `slam, bam, thank you ma'am, stuff. It started out good, though, and I quickly got wrapped up in the show and also started getting hotter and hotter. John helped me off with my coat and as I sat back down I noticed one of the cute girls in the next row turn and stare at me and I looked down and realized that my dress was transparent in the light from the screen. I blushed as she licked her lips and her mouth opened as she panted lightly, still ogling my now swelling breasts. Then she turned back to the movie and I heard them whispering in front and occasionally one would turn and look at me and smile.

  The plot in the movie thickened, as my Dad used to say, and a couple of girls were slowly undressing each other as I squirmed in my seat so my dress rode up, and I could feel the cool plastic under my naked bottom, which was nice. I was burning up and it felt so cool and sexy so I started moving back and forth until my juices lubricated it a little, and that really got me going as I slid back and forth over the wet seat. By now the girls on the screen were naked and started fondling each other and my nerve endings were gearing up until I was really horny again. I looked down and realized my cunt was showing under my hem, and as I tugged the top of the dress down one of the girls turned and saw me and gasped. I was so turned on now that I grinned and flashed her, and she gasped again and looked away as she blushed.

   Kylie moved closer and raised the arm rest, as did John, and I thought, "Oh, God, here we go again." They snuggled up close and took my hands and John placed one on his cock which had somehow managed to emerge from his chinos. I gasped and he smiled as he moved my fingers up and down his big shaft, completely ignoring the girls in front, who kept sneaking glances and whispering back and forth to each other. Then Kylie took my other hand and slid it up under her dress and I stroked her wet cunt as she moaned and sucked gently on my ear. On the screen the action was really heating up and the girls were in a full `sixty nine', licking and sucking in earnest, and my swollen cunt lips were throbbing and my thighs were so hot I thought my dress might ignite.

  The one cute girl who had been watching me so closely turned and whispered, "Take her dress off, John." I gasped and John chuckled as he reached over and loosened the top button. I panted as he undid the next one and my nipples swelled so hard they ached. Then the other girls turned and watched as he moved to the next one. They were ogling my breasts as they slowly came into view, and all were panting now as my nipples popped out as John undid the next button. They all turned and sat up on their knees with their backs to the screen and leaning on the seat backs with their arms as they watched me get hotter and hotter.

  Kylie went to work once again on my breasts, and they swelled and my nipples jutted out in the cool theatre air as she tugged and stroked me to a fever pitch. John moved down as I jerked hard on his penis, and he undid the last buttons and opened the dress so I was totally exposed to the group in front of me.I was quivering and shaking with lust as Kylie continued to caress my body. The girl directly in front of me reached down and ran her hands up and down my thighs as Kylie ran her fingers in and out of my dripping cunt. I was shaking and gasping as my orgasm neared, and I was jerking my hips back and forth on the slick seat now feverishly.

  The cute girl got up and came back down our row and slid in front of me, and then knelt down on the floor as she gazed into my eyes. She ran her hands up and down my trembling legs and slowly lowered her tongue to my thighs and licked up and down ever closer to my steaming hot cunt. As she licked closer John pulled my dress completely off and threw it on the seat next to him so I was totally naked in the theatre with two girls eating each other on the screen, and one licking my cunt now and probing my wet slit with her hot tongue, while Kylie tugged on my nipples and John moaned in my ear as I jerked faster and faster on his throbbing cock. Kylie gasped over and over as I shoved my fingers deep into her vagina and fingered fucked her faster and faster in time to the girl's tongue darting in and out of my own between my legs. I spread my legs as wide as possible as she found my clit and sucked gently on it, and my nipples grew to where I thought they would burst as my orgasm started.

  As I stared at the girls in front of me, all masturbating furiously now with their eyes glazed over in pure animal lust for my white little body, which glowed with sweat in the light from the screen, the heat became intense as the thrills started coursing up and down my spine. Then with a little `unh, unh, unh', which I bit off with my mouth clamped tight and my teeth buried in my lower lip, I came hard as contractions threw me around on the wet seat, and I clamped down on the sweet tongue in my cunt as John spewed his cum in the air and Kylie screamed softly as she jerked up in the air with her own intense orgasm. The cute little girl slid up onto my heaving body and kissed me deeply and I held onto her tightly as the orgasms came again and again until I finally couldn't stand it any more and flopped on the seat in a stupor, totally sated and exhausted.

  When I revived we all went to the restrooms, me still naked as a jaybird but no longer caring, and cleaned up. We returned to our row and I found my dress and slid it on as we sat back down to enjoy the rest of the movie. The cute little girl wanted to sit next to me so John moved over and she snuggled against my side and held my arm tight. She told me her name was Sylvia and she was really smitten with me, which made me really happy. I remembered when my Dad played Dr. Hook's Sylvia's Mother song a lot, and I grinned wondering if this Sylvia had a cute mother, and if she was sexy, and I could seduce her, and play with both of them------. 




