'A Bus trip with brother-inlaw's cute wife'

I made this lovely trip about a month ago from Lucknow. I am a married man. One day I had

gone to attend a wedding in my in-laws. The wedding was fixed in Allahabad which is about

200 kms from our home. After attending the wedding party, we all decided to return by bus.

My wife and children and her parents decided to stay back and come after 2 days as was my

father-inlaw was not well and the weather was very windy with heavy rains. But my wife`s

elder brother and his wife Soni of 14 months married decided to return to back home as

they had some work I had my business appointments. So all three of us got into rikshaw and

proceded to the bus stand. After reaching the bus stand, we got the AC bus and as there was

some 30 minutes left for the last bus to depart, we kept our luggage and got down to have

some cold drinks.While drinking, suddenly my brother-in-law remembered that he had left

important documents bag in the wedding home and said that he will go and get it before the

bus start. even though I offered to go and get it, he refused and said that he will be back

soon. So I and his young wife were left alone. His wife soni was very much worried and

waiting anxiously for her husband, but there was no sign of him returning.He was drunk also

and there is no phone in that house.

Soon the bus started and was about to leave. i told soni that we should get into the bus as

otherwise we will be left back. Her husband can somehow get taxi and reach home. This made

her a little happy and she agreed to accompany me into the bus. Once inside the bus we sat

down in a two seater in backseat and noticed that the bus was almost empty, except for an

old couple and their two grand children.Soni is-34-29-36, a beautiful short,cute & with

innocent face woman. Soon the bus started and the lights were switched off. Soni and myself

started to talk about the marriage party and also as to what her husband would be doing at

that time. I assured her that there is nothing to fear as he will definetely come by the

taxi.It was very windy and raining outside the bus.The bus conductor had gone to their cabin

with driver and closed their door.With AC on in-side,made the temerature very cold. This

made Soni feeling cold.I took out a small blanket and wrapped it around myself and also told

her to wrap it around her too from the other side. As she did this, our two bodies were

touching each other and this made me feel very hot. I asked soni if she was worried

travelling with me alone she replied no she is upset about her hubby's drinking habit,he

does not care for me,only his drinks.I asked her if she is happy with her marriedlife.she

replied,will you call me happy when my husband has slept with me only few times in 14

months.This gave me a hint that she is hungry for love and sex.She is was crying.I hugged

her and slowely placed my hand over her shoulder by telling, not to worry and i will try to

solve your problem and talk to your husband,she said pleaaaase don't......

And again started crying,this time I pulled her towards me and kissed her on her left cheek

by telling...sub theek hojaiga. she was too hot in my arms and did not resist.I felt bolder

and placed my hand on her sexy hard boobs by pressing them slowely.By now she too was highly

excited then she put her arms around my neck and placed her soft red lips on my lips and

started kissing my lips like a desperate girl and I too held her tightly in my arms and was

enjoying the kiss by inserting my tounge in her mouth and sucking it. I started to squeeze

her other breast also. I then removed the pallu of her saree and opened the blouse buttons

and pushed the bra up after opening the clip. Now soni`s lovely breasts were left wide

open!! i bent forward and started to suck the golden milk pots and she was moaning with

uncontrollable ectasy Her nipples were very hard. i sucked her nipple , bite them, & lick

her boobs. she was simply moaning- frank, common , suck itttt.. i took her full breast in my

mouth & sucked them, She put her hand on my rock-hard 9" big lund and started massaging my

crotch. It was heaven! She unzipped my jeans and took the lund out and now she was shocked

and delighted to see the big size.It was too big for her hand so she used both hands to hold

it.I pulled up her saree,inserted my finger into her wet cunt.I was pleasantly surprised to

find that she was not wearing any panty. after finger fucking her wet cunt and sucking her

boobs. I knew what she wanted and gave her my cock. She instantly took it in her mouth. She

must have watched a whole lot of blue films to know that much about sex. She gave me the

best blowjob. She kept sucking my cock and balls for about 15 minutes when I told her that I

was going to take it out as I was about to release my load.....

Soni insisted that I shoot it in her mouth and held onto my lund. I shot all the sperm in

her mouth and she gulped it. Some of it dripped out of her mouth and that aroused my dick

and it got erect for another round instantly. I know all the sex positions and thought of

trying the one suitable in the bus.I pushed her towards window and lifted her big soft

buttocks.I kept massaging her clit,hot ass and finguring her pussyhole .her juices

dripping.And too tight to even let my second finger in. She was moaning ahhhhhhh ooooohhhh

oooooomph! I was afraid that the other passenger might woke up.But all of them were covering

themselves in blankets and sleeping...so I bent down and started kissing her passionately.My

lund was rubbing between her buttock melons.soni put her hand on my lund and started rubbing

on her ass and wet pussyholle that gave my whole prick a new life.

I took some cream from my bag..rubbed it on my cock and some inside her pussyhole. i brushed

my lund on her pusssy. she started begging me - commoooon, enter me, fuck meee fraaaank,

press ur big cock inside me. i asked is this bigger than ur hubby's.she said yess it is big

and strong.while she was saying so,i sudenly entered her,she moaned-be slloooow,its....

paining..... another big press,then again i gave a jerk, she moaned, ahhhh, again a jerk ,

she moaned ahhhh, fraaaank,i could only enter 60% inside her cunt. i slowly started fucking

her with gentle strokes- & she was moaninng- ahmm, ahhhh, yesss. plzz dont stoppp, be fastt-

u have a huge cock, common, be fasstt......soni was enjoying more than me..... I beacme

faster & she started biting and sucking my fingers in pleasure.riding her fastly...

finalllly, i fucked her very fast, i exploded my semen after giving 4 deeep thrust. then i

kissed her cheeks & said, ur sexy soni. she hugged & kissed me and told me that it was first
