This is the end, my only friend, the end.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 46 - The End (MF, cons, magic, rom, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Tom. I summoned...

...ah hell...if you don't know what's going on after 45 chapters, then this will hardly help.

---

The first thing I noticed upon entering the unnamed demi-plane was that my head cleared up; the dimensional pressure of Gehenna was gone. The second thing was the heat, and third was the occasional weird bubbling lava pool. I looked up at the dim sky, filled with red, angry-looking clouds, even though the air was dry. The ground was dark and rocky. I had a feeling of deja vu but couldn't place it. "Are we in Hell?" I asked.

"Ha!" Eros barked a laugh. "This place can't hold a candle to home."

We seemed to have lost Cassandra's trail. Eudora found a copse of dead trees and suggested that we camp while the demons scouted the area. Shepherd, Priscilla, and I started a campfire and cooked some of the food we had purchased in Gehenna once we figured out that this would be a prolonged expedition.

We sat on some mounds of the weird black rock that this world seemed to be made of and munched on some sort of biscuits that we dipped into our cans of beans. I fished in my pockets and found my last doobie. This adventure was nearing its end, one way or the other. I lit up, took a hit, and offered it to both women, but they shook their heads. After a couple more tokes I was feeling relaxed.

"So what are we going to do when we catch up to Seth, if he's full-grown now?" I asked the two of them.

"We talk to him," Shepherd insisted from her seat across the fire. She had been brought up to speed about her baby's demonic origins at some point during our travels, it seemed. "People aren't born bad...my son will listen."

"We can try that," Priscilla responded from off to the side, "but if not..." She pulled her holy sword from its sheath, bathing the area in its strange light. "Ghukkh!"

I turned to her. There were several feet of another blade sticking out from her chest. She looked down at it, disbelieving, and dropped her sword with a loud clang. Then she turned to me, blood dribbling down her chin. "Tom..."

The blade lifted up through her chest and tore through her neck, splitting the top half of her body apart.

"Priscilla!" I jumped to my feet, but it was too late. Her ruined, lifeless form fell to the ground.

Eros stood up from behind where she had been sitting, his arm shaped into that murderous blade, now dripping with gore. "That was her name? I would have thought Edith, or maybe Bertha," he commented with a grin.

"What...why would you betray us?!" Shepherd had dropped into a crouch, her pistol in hand and trained on the demon.

He turned to her. "I'm not one for following the rules. If this Cassandra woman thinks she can use my nephew to get power, well, I want in." He advanced on her.

Shepherd fired, and Eros recoiled. For a moment I thought that she had hit a vital spot, or had packed silver bullets or something, but then his body morphed, writhed, and stretched toward her impossibly fast. His hands were suddenly about her neck. She grit her teeth and kept firing point blank until the demon twisted her head fully around with a sickening crack.

"NOOO!" I screamed as Shepherd's body fell to the cold, hard ground.

Eros skirted around the fire, brushing his hands together. "And with you dead, too, my sister will return to Hell. I'll convince Mom of my plan, but if she doesn't get on board, then I'm sure I can handle her."

I knew that there was no point in running. I had just seen how fast Eros could be, and if Demie couldn't even handle him one-on-one, borrowing her strength wouldn't help. "I'm gonna get killed by Fabio..." I moaned as I dropped the remainder of my doob.

Eros smiled. "I always liked you, Tom. I'm sure I'll be back in Hell someday...we'll hang out." He reached his arms out to take my head into his hands.

There was a *schwiiing!* sound of metal and Eros frowned. Then his frown turned sideways as his head rolled off, bounced off of his shoulder, and then bobbled along the ground. His body fell in the opposite direction, revealing Dianna Shepherd standing there, holding Priscilla's glowing sword.

"H--how?" I managed to get out.

"Just a sec," she responded, and took a swipe at Eros' head as it sprouted spider legs and quickly ran away like something out of John Carpenter's The Thing. She missed but didn't give chase. "Fuck. Help me with this."

She put down the sword and grabbed one of Eros' headless body's arms, and I grabbed the other. Together, we shoved that bulk onto the campfire. It took a bit, but then it started to smolder and finally caught. In no time, a conflagration of ashen demon flesh reached up into the sky, smelling of brimstone.

Shepherd went over to Priscilla's body and retrieved the sword's scabbard. Its strap had been severed, but she tied it back together, slipped it across her shoulder, and clumsily sheathed the sword into it. Then she bent down, retrieved a necklace with a small gem on it, and put that around her own neck. "With all this rock and no soil, we can't even bury her," she said grimly. "Guess it's the fire for her as well, once Eros' body's been consumed."

I sat back down, hard. "What the fuck, Shepherd?"

She flexed and cracked her neck. "There always has to be an Enforcer," she informed me. "After I died, I was given a choice, and I had to make my decision pretty damn quick to keep you from getting killed too. They had to give me a crash course, so I don't have all the answers, but I'm stronger, faster, and more durable now. Did you see how that sword went right through his neck?" She gave me a grin, actually looking happier than I'd ever seen her.

"Thanks."

She nodded and went back to her food while I tried not to look at Priscilla's ruined body. My doobie had apparently blown away. When Eros' bulk had finally burned down, we dragged Priscilla's body onto the flame as well, but burning human flesh smells fucking horrible, so we had to move upwind.

"Do you think she went to Heaven?" I asked Shepherd.

"Probably...she'd been working for the people upstairs for a long time," she said. "You and her were getting close, huh?"

"I...guess? I dunno."

She nodded sympathetically.

---

When Demie and Eudora got back, we explained what had happened.

"I know he's always been one to go his own way, but I thought that Eros would at least listen to his own mother!" Eudora fumed.

"Did you find where Cassandra went?" Shepherd asked.

"No...she's probably in the area Eros was supposed to cover. Asshole!" Eudora shouted into the darkness as she stamped her feet.

---

Cassandra approached a cave opening on the side of a hill made of the strange black rock that permeated this demi-plane. Despite the oppressive heat, the blonde woman shivered. A peal of thunder rang out in the distance. She paused, took a fortifying breath, and then entered. "Seth?"

"Here, 'mother'," a deep voice sounded from the darkness.

Cassandra gulped and stepped forward. "Did I ever tell you about my curse?" she asked. "I can predict the future, but no one ever believes me." She squinted into the darkness. "One day I figured a way around it: I went into the problem-solving business, telling people what they needed to do to achieve what they wanted. As long as I didn't tell them how their future would unfold, people believed me and did what I said."

A shadow detached itself from the deep darkness, tall and brooding. "Fascinating story. I mesmerized the guard, Cassandra. He told me everything."

"I know." She winced as she looked up at him, a good foot-and-half taller than her, his long brown hair unkempt over his glowing eyes. "I'm sorry," she offered. "Your parents are here, near the entrance to this plane." Her eyes filled with tears. "I always thought that I could avoid this, but it seems that I'm not immune to my own curse. I was never able to see past this next moment."

The demon took a hold of the woman's head with his large red hands.

---

Boom!

My eyes flew open.

Boom!

Lightning flashed across the sky, followed quickly by a resounding roar of thunder. I sat up from my blanket.

Eudora rushed into camp. "Seth's coming this way! Where's Shepherd?"

"She thought she saw Eros and took off after him," Demie responded, pointing off to the side.

"I'll find her..." The redheaded demon sprinted off in that direction, her slim but shapely legs flashing under her short black and red Sailor Moon skirt.

"We should be able to get a good vantage from up there," Demie suggested as she looked up at a nearby cliff. We headed up the slope.

"Without Shepherd, do you think we'll be able to convince Seth we're his parents?" I asked her.

"Even that's a long shot," she responded. "We should be ready for a fight."

"Seth doesn't have your limitations, though," I advised her, but then I had an idea: we could do what we did to beat Eros when he was that Eroji video game. Demie would kiss me, take my soul, and use its energy to fight Seth. When it was all done, she'd return me to my body!

I looked back at Demi. Her usual attire of a t-shirt and 60's jeans was gone, replaced by an all-over dark armor. I blinked. I had seen that armor before, but where?

We crested the slope and...I remembered...I had seen this in a dream, what seemed like forever ago.

I looked out over the rocky terrain from my high vantage point. The parts of the land below that weren't pock marked with bubbling lava pools appeared to be ebony or some other jet black rock, as was the cliff I was standing on. The sky was full of red, angry clouds that I knew would never rain. A flash in the distance was followed quickly by a boom of thunder that seemed to reverberate through my bones.

Demie was by my side, clad in her bristling black and grey metallic armor. A slight breeze blew her hair back...she was so beautiful.

"He's coming," she stated worriedly, looking toward where the lightning flashed again. BOOOOOMM!

"I know," I replied. I didn't take my eyes off of her.

She turned to meet my gaze. "What do you want me to do?" she asked.

"Kiss me."

Demie didn't hesitate, leaning her head toward me, her lips pursed. As our mouths touched, I felt my soul wrenched from my body even as I experienced one of the greatest orgasms of my life. Then we were one again, my soul within Demie's body, powering her up tremendously as she gently lowered my lifeless body to the ground.

Unlike the first time this had happened, I was aware of what she was doing instead of just being trapped in nothingness. What did that mean? I wondered. She leapt from the cliff and dashed forward, toward the quickly approaching figure.

Seth threw something toward us, but it was more of a toss rather than a threatening gesture. We stopped and waited as the basketball-sized object bounced off the stony ground and rolled up to our feet. Demie recognized it as Cassandra's severed head.

I knew we had a chance now. "Demie! Put me back in my body!" I broadcast to her.

I felt her hesitate.

"Trust me," I urged her.

She turned, ran back up the slope, and kissed my fallen body again, restoring my soul.

"Uggh..." I moaned as I sat up, my head throbbing.

"Why?" Demie asked.

"Seth killed Cassandra. He must have figured out that she was just using him," I explained. "If we go and beat the shit out of him now, he'll have nobody and we'll lose him. The key here is love!"

"Love?"

I took her hand. "Our love for each other, and for him. He should be able to feel it, right?"

She looked uncomfortable. "Love? Umm...I dunno..."

I got to my feet, a little unsteadily. "I know it'll work...everything we've done up to now has been for this moment. Get rid of the armor."

She shifted back to her civvies, still looking uncertain. "I'll trust you, Tom."

I had creamed my jeans when Demie had kissed me, but there was nothing I could do about that cooling mess now. We headed down the slope and out onto the blasted plain, hand in hand. As we slowly approached Seth, I could see how his features were a combination of me, Shepherd, and Demie's amalgamated features from Janis Joplin, Demi Moore, and my ex-girlfriend Laura. He had long brown hair like Demie, and it blew about in the warm breeze. I was thrilled, realizing that as a shapeshifter, Seth could look like whoever he wanted to, but he chose to look like his parents. This was going to work!

We carefully stepped up to him, making sure to not seem dangerous. Dang, this kid was tall, I thought.

I took a careful breath. "Seth, we're your parents. I'm Tom, and this is Demie. We've been looking for you, a long time from your point of view."

He just stood there and looked at us. I could tell that he was examining our faces, and I hoped that he was a good judge of character.

I took another breath and stepped forward. "Come on home, buddy. We love you."

...

"Tom."

"Just five more minutes, Mom."

"Get up, dummy."

I opened my eyes. Demie was there, and we were in a dimly-lit cave. It was very hot. I sat up. "Did it work?"

"Nope, Seth crushed your skull. I disappeared a moment later."

"What?!"

"What part of that didn't you understand, dummy?"

"I...all of it? I'm dead?" I looked at my body...it seemed to be fine. "Or did I regenerate?"

"There's no healing a smashed brain," Demie informed me. "You're dead."

I looked around. After all that worrying about getting brain damage! At least it hadn't hurt, or I didn't remember it hurting. "So this is...?"

"Yep, Hell."

"Fuck." I hung my head. "So what'll happen to Seth?"

Demie helped me to my feet. "Once you died, Shepherd and Mom finally showed up. Shepherd got fucking pissed at Seth, and it seemed that he remembered her, so he calmed down. I'm sure the glowing sword in her hand helped as well."

"Wait, you said you faded away after I died, so how do you know that?"

"Mom told me after she got back. 'Shawn-sama' died in the hospital shortly after she returned from Gehenna." She turned and strode out of the cave.

I quickly followed. "Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. Wait wait wait...how much have I missed? If I just died, how can you be telling me about so much stuff happening after?"

She turned with a smile as she walked. "You ever hear the term, 'slow boat to Hell'? Your soul had to cross the River Styx to get here, while I returned directly. We've been waiting for you." She stepped out of the cave.

My ears were suddenly assaulted by what could only be described as a cacophonous din! There was a massive wall in the distance, with a combination of flesh colors adorning it, and I realized that the noise was a multitude of voices, wailing.

"The Wailing Wall..." I realized. I was in Hell, which meant that I was Demie's plaything, rather than her Master now.

"Yep!" Demie smiled her fangy smile at me. "You ready?" She gestured toward the wall.

"No..."

"Oh...well, better come with me, then." She strode toward another nearby cave.

"Um, what?" I followed. Looking up, I saw that there was no sky...we were in an absolutely massive cavern that seemed to stretch on forever. There were no obvious light sources, but I could see anyway, somehow.

We traversed the new cave, and it ended in a rather comfy-looking room. "Eudora!" I called out, spying the redheaded demon sitting in an upholstered chair, working on some needlepoint.

"Ah, Tom." She stood up and came forward to give me a hug. She was in demon form, no longer a human anime character, and was wearing a long black and red evening dress, much as she had the first time I met her. "About time you showed up." She turned to Demie. "Did you fill him in?"

"Not everything."

"Well, sit down." She gestured to a similarly-upholstered sofa. "You know Seth killed you and Shepherd talked him down. She'll be staying with him on the demi-plane until she's sure he'll take The Deal."

"And Eros?" I asked.

Eudora frowned. "We didn't find him, but he's just a head now, so I don't know what kind of mischief he can get into like that."

"Hmm...so what now?" I asked.

"Now the torture begins," Demie informed me as she licked her lips with that long, forked tongue.

I winced. "The Wailing Wall, right."

"Mmm...no."

I felt Demie take my hand and I glanced up at her. Then she leaned in and kissed me, but I didn't die!

Oh, duh, I was already dead! With my soul already in Hell, the kiss of a succubus wouldn't do anything to me except feel good. I kissed her back passionately...finally!

Eudora spoke up. "I'm sure it'll be torture enough for you to be married to my daughter. It was torture bringing her up, after all. You have your work cut out for you, Tom."

I broke the kiss. "Married? In Hell?"

"Unholy matrimony, of course," she clarified, "and no 'till death do you part', but yes...you're family, Tom; no Wailing Wall for you."

I sighed, the stress leaving my 'body'. "Oh, thank doG." Then I blinked. "doG?"

"You're a damned soul now," Demie explained. "No saying 'You-Know-Who's' name anymore."

It was a small price to pay. I'd have eternity with the woman I loved, and her mother, I realized, as Eudora helped her daughter undress me. How did I have clothes? I had no idea how it all worked. Then the two succubi shifted themselves naked to start the festivities.

I'd gone to Hell, but with Demie it'd be like nevaeH-- nev-- damnit! Like 'upstairs' anyway.

As Demie mounted my cock, she grabbed me by the throat and cried out, "Psyche! Time to get stitched into the Wall."

"What?!"

"Ha! You're too easy, dummy."

---

Epilogue 1:

Patty watched as Chrissie directed the movers before climbing into the van and driving away with them, her new baby in her arms. Abel watched from the bedroom window, looking miserable.

Patty had attempted to fix that couple's relationship, over and over, but it never worked. Sure, she made them have sex again and again, but Chrissie just kept saying that she hated Abel, and Patty couldn't change her mind, no matter how many times she tried.

She wished Eros would come back. He had disappeared after those strange people arrived, almost a year ago. Sighing, she went to bed.

...

"Patty."

Her eyes opened. She had been sleeping, dreaming of Eros, his manly hands on her body...

"Down here."

She sat up and looked down at her other pillow. A six inch tall version of Eros was standing there. "Umm..."

"Sorry I took so long, babe, but do you know how hard it is to open a door when you're this size? Oh, and if you're worried about me being able to satisfy you..." He prompted shapeshifted into what Patty remembered was his cock and balls, but at that size, that was all he was now.

She took the fleshy warm dildo in hand. "I've missed you, Eros," she said as she brought him down between her legs.

---

Epilogue 2:

Konnie the pukwudgie caressed her midsection with its slight bump. Her dalliance with the human, Tom, had borne fruit. The child wouldn't be born for years, the long-lived pukwudgie physiology being what it is, but she knew that her half-human child would favor its pukwudgie side, as she had done after her own mother had become gravid from Konnie's human father.

"Your father is gone," she informed her unborn baby, "but our tribe and I will take care of you."

---

Epilogue 3:

Monday said bye to a young woman as she headed out, a bag of pot in hand. He'd invited the cutie to stay and play some video games, but she said that she had to get back to her boyfriend after her purchase. He sighed and closed the door. He had customers, but no real friends, not like Tommy, but his buddy had disappeared almost a year ago with no explanation. Maybe he was time traveling again, he thought, and one day he'd call...

Thump! That had come from his bedroom. He'd gotten into the habit of leaving the window unlocked, just in case...

He quickly pushed the bedroom door open and smiled.

"Mon-day!" Hepzibah crowed.

THE END

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)