JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 4

It wasn't the light this time, but the sound of the door opening
that woke him. Miss Turner entered and shook her head in
disbelief. "I think we both overslept this morning" she said,
opening the curtains. Jamie yawned and raised himself up on his
elbows.

"Don't get up yet Jamie" She stroked his cheek. "Don't you
remember what we talked about last night? Puberty's a very
important time for you."

Taking the top of the bedsheets, she pulled them down to his
knees. She bit her lip. Mustn't laugh! Please, she mustn't laugh.
His tight pyjama trousers were tented at the front. What did some
people call it? Early morning bone? Awful description!

"Lift up a bit Jamie!" She held the waistband of his trousers and
pulled them down carefully to his knees, her eyes widening
slightly as his turgid member popped up, as though glad to be
free. Jamie's mouth fell open. His face reddened.

"Now Jamie, there's nothing to be ashamed about. All boys wake up
with an erection  you should know that. After the whole night,
the bladder is quite full and it has this effect.

To his horror, she sat on the bed and had a closer look. "Look
Jamie!" She pointed to a small sticky patch where the waistband
had been. The boy craned his head. "What's that miss?" Miss
Turner smiled broadly. "That's a bit of semen that's leaked out
overnight. 'Wet dreams' remember? " She tickled his willy
playfully. "It's perfectly normal." Her hand stayed where it was
for a few more seconds. "I think though that I'll have a quick
look every morning just to be sure."

"Okay, get up and run along to the bathroom!" She stood up.
"Clothes are here as usual. Breakfast in ten minutes."

Pulling on his white teashirt, Jamie groaned as he noticed the
shorts were different again. These were a light blue and although
no more tighter than the others, as he pulled them up, the
material was rammed deep between his buttocks. Pulling them up
just a little more, he shivered as he felt the seam rub his bum
hole. It felt strange. Why did Miss make him wear these shorts,
he wondered.

Miss Turner poured a bit more more milk on the sugar puffs and
looked angrily at Jamie fidgeting on his chair. ""Jamie, I've
already told you to sit still. Now do as you're told!"

Jamie took another spoonful and tried to sit still. "Sorry miss,
but these shorts feel funny. They're sort of tight miss."

"Well you'll have to get used to them. I certainly have no
intention of finding another pair now. We have work to do."

She turned away so he couldn't see her smile. The third pair of
shorts from her extensive collection, and all easy to modify on a
simple sewing machine! The previous pairs had given her clues
where improvements could be made, one of which being a tighter
and more substantial seam down the back, serving to not only hug
and separate the buttocks more, but also to rub gently against
the boy's anus, providing gentle but constant stimulation which,
her own extensive experience had shown her, would soon result in
the boy becoming aroused more frequently. If that wasn't enough,
the wider waistband and thinner material at the front meant that
any erection would be noticed immediately.

"Come on Jamie, up to the schoolroom with you. I've got some
shopping to do later and I don't want to waste time." She saw him
rise and cleared her throat. "You know our little routine now
Jamie?" He nodded and blushed. "Good boy. When I come up I want
to see you standing in front of your desk, facing the blackboard.
Hands on your head, shorts down to your ankles!" She saw the look
on his face and laughed. "I told you before Jamie that all
punishments from today will be on your bare bottom. That's how
your Headmaster punishes naughty boys, and I intend to do the
same. Now off you go!"

Despondently, the twelve year old boy walked up the stairs,
waiting until he was out of sight before once more trying to pull
his shorts out of his crack. No good! They were so pulled so
tight, he couldn't even get a grip on the material.

The schoolroom was bright and breezy. Through the open window he
could see part of the large garden. He hoped his teacher would
let him play later. Some of the trees were just begging to be
climbed! He heard footsteps and quickly stood in front of his
desk, slipping his shorts down and putting his hands on his head
as instructed. In his haste and childish innocence, he stood
unaware that his penis was slightly erect, sticking out almost
horizontally, as if trying to point at the blackboard.

Miss Turner walked straight to her desk and picked up one of the
many small slips of paper that she'd already arranged in piles.
"Let's dispose of this, shall we?" she said brightly, tearing it
into small pieces. She turned and looked at him. Her eyebrows
rose in surprise. She hadn't expected the shorts to have an
effect so soon.

While she moved her chair, she thought quickly. Pretend not to
notice for now. Give him more time. Stepping back, she pressed
the button next to the mirror, then positioned her chair at just
the right angle.

"Come on Jamie, over my knee!" The boy moved to her side and was
swiftly but gently pulled across her lap. Miss Turner opened her
legs more and arranged her dress in the middle. For a second she
frowned, then pulled him a little further. There, perfect! Not
only did she have his rather plump backside in the middle of her
lap, she could also feel his stiff manhood between her legs.

No explanation. No lecture. Jamie gripped the wooden bar between
the chair legs and waited. Which punishment sheet was this? There
had been so many! Was it the time he'd pulled Alison's hair,
thrown a pencil at Griff, written rude words on the blackboard or
one of the many times he'd 'forgotten' his homework? No, that was
a caning offence. He wouldn't get just a spanking for that.
Perhaps when he'd been caught swearing or making rude signs? He
sighed. Whatever it was, far better to get it over with here,
than to face Mr Slack in September.

What was she doing? Why was she simply patting him? Why There
was a resounding 'slap' as his teacher's hand landed hard on his
left buttock. Another, then another. Jamie gripped the chair leg.
Why was she moving her legs? Why..'Slap'. Ouch! She was spanking
harder now. His bottom felt like it did that time he'd stood too
close to a bonfire. Slowly he started to get used to the rhythmic
slaps on his buttocks. Occasionally he felt her hand slip between
them and touch something. That felt sort of tingly. Another part
of him was also being subjected to a certain rhythmic movement,
though he was innocently unaware of its effect.

Miss Turner wiped her brow. The boy was heavy and was too far
over her lap. She'd have to use a different position next time.
She jiggled her left leg slightly and grinned triumphantly.
Whether Jamie realised it or not, he was sporting an extremely
hard erection! The spanking continued. Not too hard. Oh no,
absolutely not. Years of working with boys had taught Miss Turner
the difference between 'real' corporal punishment and
'stimulation ', the art of making a boy think he was being
punished, while actually sending subtle signals to his anal
erogenous zones, penis, prostate and testicles.

It was over. Jamie stood up. Miss Turner turned him so he was
facing the mirror. "Good boy, that wasn't too bad was it. Another
punishment sheet disposed of. Just wait while I pull these up!"
Jamie looked down as his shorts were slowly pulled up. He saw his
willy sticking out and swallowed nervously. Why did it have to
happen now? His teacher smiled at him. "You are getting a big
boy, aren't you Jamie!" She pulled the waistband up and over, and
then at the back, making sure the material was wedged tightly
between his buttocks. "Back to your desk Jamie!"

Jamie watched his teacher take some worksheets from her desk. The
spanking hadn't been bad at all. He thought for a moment about
his new Headmaster and gazed at Miss Turner in awe. She was
teaching him all the things he'd been too lazy to learn at
school. He had the chance to take all his punishment here, not in
the Headmaster's study. The room was warm. He looked at the sheet
full of sums on his desk. What if she ever changed her mind?
Would she? He shivered. No, he had to be obedient and do exactly
what she said. The punishments might sting. He had no doubt the
canings would be very painful. But a lot less painful than the
one he'd experienced in Mr Slack's study. As for the rest. Well,
she was a teacher, wasn't she? She had to know all about boys
things! He shouldn't be so shy!

Jamie looked down at the myriad of multiplications and sighed. He
felt the back of his shorts caught deep between his buttocks and
rocked gently on the chair. Funny feeling wasn't it!

Although she had very little faith in the local weather reports,
Miss Turner was pleased that on this occasion she had listened to
the radio and acted accordingly. The rain had started late
morning and made it impractical for a PE session outdoors. She
surveyed the large room and moved one of the exercise mats to the
right, next to a small vaulting horse. Two large mirrors were on
opposite walls and made the room seem much larger than it
actually was.

"Jamie, do hurry up!" She put her head round the door. "It
shouldn't take you this long to change." She shook her head as
the boy ran along the corridor.

"Sorry miss!" The boy ran along the corridor and into the room.
Deciding it was too warm to wear a teashirt, Miss Turner had
instructed him to put only his PE shorts on. Her heart missed a
beat. He looked so cute. For a second, the boy stopped and pulled
the material at the back.

"I thought I told you to stop doing that Jamie!" Miss Turner said
angrily. "It looks quite disgusting!"

Jamie looked at her, a pained expression on his face. "Miss,
they're so tight at the back miss." He fidgeted.

She shook her head. "Rubbish Jamie! You'll soon get used to them"
She walked to the wall and switched on a few more lights. "Now I
want to see you running on the spot for five minutes. Come on,
let's get you warmed up!"

Turning so he couldn't see her smiling, she walked over to the
wall and stood near the mirror. Like all young boys, Jamie was
determined to show off and wasted no time. His legs pumped away
as he jogged up and down.

Miss Turner looked at his thin tight shorts and congratulated
herself. They hugged his body like a second skin. She watched his
little bulge bouncing up and down and ordered him to jump in the
air. Behind the mirror, her cinecamera whirred away, capturing
everything.

"On the mat now Jamie!" she ordered, pointing to the centre of
the room. Soon he was busy rolling and performing handstands,
much to Miss Turner's amusement. Vaulting, knee bends, and
stretching exercises followed.

Glancing at her watch, she clapped her hands. "I think that's
enough for now Jamie. Go and have a quick shower, then back in
the schoolroom with you. I want those corrections done!"

The rest of the day passed very quickly. Jamie's caning after
lunch was long, but not too painful. Miss Turner was already
planning the next few days and didn't want his buttocks too
marked. After all, she reasoned, John was a good friend. He did
so enjoy thrashing a lily white backside!

The following morning, Jamie woke from a rather pleasant dream
and listened to the birds in the garden chattering to each other.
He grinned. Miss had made his thing so hard at bedtime, he
thought it would burst! She'd seemed so pleased when she measured
it. He slid his hand down under the sheets and felt his erection.
He sighed. He still felt embarrassed in front of her, but not as
much as before. After all, she'd seen everything he had. His
stiff willy throbbed and he held it tightly. That felt so good!
Could he. Did he have time to ..?

The door opened. "Good morning Jamie, awake already I see." Miss
Turner sat on the edge of the bed and smiled at him. "Breakfast
in ten minutes, but let's have a quick check first." In a second
the sheets were folded back and her eyes widened. "Lift up a
bit!" Jamie's pyjama trousers were swiftly pulled down to his
knees. He reddened and his teacher laughed. "My, you do have a
full bladder, don't you." Her fingers slid gently under his
little testicles and prodded them. She saw his penis start to
soften and stood up.

"Actually Jamie, there's a change of plan this morning. I have to
go out in a few minutes and I may be gone the whole morning. You
don't have to get dressed yet. Let's have breakfast and decide
what to do." She went downstairs and waited for him.

Jamie eat his bowl of cornflakes and licked his lips. She was
going to be out all morning? He hoped she wouldn't set too much
work for him. Those sums were so difficult and the

"Right Jamie, I have to leave now." Miss Turner took her car keys
and walked to the door. "I haven't had time to set you any work
so you can have a little break." She turned so he wouldn't see
her smile. "So you can stay in your pyjamas if you like. I've
er..put a pile of magazines on your bed. I think they were left
here by some men when they were building the extension. I haven't
looked at them but I'm sure there must be some football ones
there. See you later."

Jamie waited for the sound of the front door closing and put his
bowl in the sink. No schoolwork? Great! He ran up the stairs and
into the schoolroom to check. Sure enough there was nothing on
his desk. On Miss Turner's desk lay only the old gym shoe that
she'd used to spank him. He picked it up and smacked the palm of
his hand. Ouch! Next to her large desk was the cupboard where she
kept the canes. He touched the handle as if it was electrified
and the door swung open. Why did she need so many, he thought,
gazing in awe at the row of crooked handled canes hanging on the
metal bar. He recognised the one she'd used on him, the first on
the left. He took it out and swished it through the air, his
buttocks twitching as he remembered how it felt.

He put it back and tried some of the other canes. Some were
thicker than others and not so flexible. Others were like rubber
and bent right back. He sighed and put his hand on his bottom. He
hated the cane. It was so painful  well perhaps not as painful
as when Mr Slack had used it- but it stung so much! His hand
rubbed his soft bottom cheeks through his thin skin tight
pyjamas. Trouble was, afterwards, well, it felt sort of..well
nice! The stinging was awful, but it soon passed, and then there
was a sort of glowing, and that wasn't bad at all!

The sky was overcast. Through the window he could see dark clouds
approaching. Back in his room he looked at the large pile of
magazines that his teacher had left him. He sat on the edge of
his bed and started to look through them. Was he allowed to watch
television? Why not? She hadn't said he couldn't. Boring
magazines. Not much. One about cars. Might be good. Could he play
outside? No, it was going to pour down any minute. Hang on, what
were these? He took two magazines from the pile and his eyes
widened. Naked ladies? Wow! He turned the pages, his heart
beating fast. They were showing everything! He squinted at one,
his nose almost touching the page. Their privates were so
strange! But look at those tits!

His pyjama trousers felt tight. Guiltily, he slipped them off and
watched his willy spring up to attention. The next page was even
better. Three ladies, all naked, bending over. What huge bottoms
they had! Their breasts were so big as well. So engrossed was he
in his examination of the magazine, he never heard the small
clicking sound emanating from behind the mirror, or indeed
noticed a shadow pass across a smaller mirror at the other end of
the room.

Almost without realising it, his fingers stroked his stiff penis
until it was pointing up at the ceiling. He looked at the next
page and his pulse quickened. He rubbed faster. This was so good.
It felt so..very, very good! His lips felt dry and he licked
them. That familiar tingly feeling was starting. His willy felt
like it would explode. Should he continue? He'd always stopped
when the tingling started, too afraid to carry on. But it felt so
delicious. He lay back on the edge of the bed and closed his
eyes. The tingling was stronger than he'd ever known it. Somehow
he knew, he felt in a few secondssomething welling up inside
hima dam about to break throughso very, very goodjust a few
seconds and

"What on earth do you think you're doing you disgusting little
boy!"

For a second the world stopped. The waters of the dam settled.
The tingling diminished. Two seconds from what would have been
his first real orgasm, Jamie felt a strong bony hand grab his arm
and yank him sharply to his feet.

Miss Turner folded her arms and fixed him with an icy stare. "How
dare you! How dare you engage in self abuse under my roof!" Jamie
stared up in horror, unable to speak, his legs trembling. What
had he done? How could she have come back so soon? More
importantly, what was she going to do now?

His teacher shook her head in disbelief. Secretly, she was
delighted. Her plan had worked. She glanced briefly at his
rapidly shrinking manhood, a small drop of fluid glistening at
the tip. Poor boy. So close, so very close!

"I think Jamie, you had better give me those filthy magazines"
she said quietly. The young boy handed her the offending
articles.

"Please miss, I'm sorry, I..I.." Miss Turner silenced him with a
wave of her hand. "I have no intention of discussing such a
shameful and disgusting subject at this time. " She shook her
head slowly, then sighed. "I will have to consider the correct
course of action. In the meanwhile" She seemed to notice his
privates for the first time. "Since you seem so determined to be
naked from the waist down, I see no reason why you shouldn't
remain like this for the rest of the day."

Jamie hardly heard her, such was his consternation at being
discovered masturbating. In fact, nothing registered until she
turned and left the room. "So Jamie, I wish to see you at your
desk in five minutes. You will wear only your white tea-shirt and
gym shoes. That is all!"

Entering the room exactly four minutes later, she was pleased to
see the boy sitting at his desk, his discomfort evident. He
squirmed in embarrassment. Yes, she'd seen him naked, butwell,
to be sat in the schoolroom like this was unbearable! At least
the desk afforded some privacy. At least she couldn't see his.

"Stand up please Jamie!" His teacher gave him a quick glance. The
tea-shirt was tight, rather short, and came down to just below
his belly button. Apart from showing off his youthful puppy fat,
the tightness of the white cotton seemed to draw attention to his
firm pert buttocks, not to mention his cute little penis and
balls. Miss Turner made a mental note to find reasons for
repeating his predicament in the future. She took another look
and grinned. After its strenuous activity earlier, poor Jamie's
penis looked distinctly sorry for itself, as if it wanted to
burrow in shame between his legs.

"Stand up straight please Jamie" she ordered, reaching for the
black gym shoe on the edge of her desk. "Hands by your side,
shoulders back, ander, legs further apart please!"

For a second she listened for the low whirring noise that told
her the cine-camera was running. "Come here Jamie. I see no
reason why we shouldn't proceed with our routine. We have plenty
of your punishment sheets to get through. " The sharp slaps of
the rubber soled gym-shoe on Jamie's large bottom echoed round
the room. He stayed grasping his ankles until told to stand,
which seemed an awful long time. Miss Turner sent him back to his
desk, and placed the gym-shoe back on the desk.

"Open your Maths book Jamie, and begin the exercises on page
fifty." She stole a quick look at the mirror and frowned. "Legs
wider apart Jamie!" The boy obeyed and picked up a pencil. His
bottom felt sore, but no more than the previous day. He looked at
the exercises on the page. He had no pants on, that was true, but
she'd be caning him on the bare anyway, so did it really matter?
He wriggled. Yes, of course it did. He felt so silly sitting
doing maths like this  with no shorts on! He wondered if this
was the punishment. Perhaps it was, onlyhe was pretty sure she
had something else in mind. An extra spanking? A caning? He
looked at the sums and tried to concentrate.

When Jamie heard Miss Turner announce that he'd be doing gym
inside again instead of going outside, he was momentarily
pleased. At least he wouldn't have to run around the garden with
everything on display. His relief was short-lived however, as it
soon became clear that his gym session would be almost as
embarrassing.

Last time, his teacher had made him run and jump around the room.
For some reason, she seemed to favour gymnastics this time.
Slightly too young to fully appreciate the spectacle he
presented, Jamie found himself lying on his back, not far from
the large mirror, being made to bring his legs back over his
head.

"A bit more Jamie" he heard his teacher order. "Now open your
legs as wide as possible, bring your knees to your chest,
straighten and repeat!" She walked round him, one eye on the
mirror. What a marvellous film it would be! She thought of John's
reaction when he saw it. They'd have no problem getting an
extremely good price. Oh yes, definitely!

"Okay Jamie, on your feet, facing the mirror. Knee
bendsfaster..come on! Good boy. Now jumping up and downhigher
boy!"

She heard the phone ring and went to the door. "I'll only be a
minute. Do some backward rolls. Bring your bottom right back over
your headquickly now!"

She returned a few minutes later, deep in thought. She saw Jamie
and smiled. "Okay Jamie, have you ever seen someone do the
splits? You have? Good. Let's see how far you can get." She knelt
down to one side of him and pushed his legs apart. "Come on, as
wide as possible!" She placed a hand under his left thigh to
support him. Jamie lowered himself, pushing his legs apart.
Suddenly he felt his teacher's hand close around his balls. He
gasped and almost lost balance. "Oh do be careful Jamie" he heard
her say, laughing. Little boys sometimes injure their testicles
when they do this, and I don't want that to happen. Can you go
down a bit more?"

Jamie spread his legs to their limit. He felt bony fingers
prodding his scrotum. Miss Turner sighed with pleasure. His
exertions had made his scrotum loose and sweaty and she could
feel both testicles quite easily. How vulnerable boys were, she
thought. Total control exerted through one hand. She felt a rush
of exhilaration and shivered.

"Okay, up you get Jamie. I don't want you to injure yourself.
Keep those feet well apart though. We'll try some slow knee
bends. Not so easy with your legs like this is it! Good boy, down
you gonice and slowly." The boy obeyed her instructions, anxious
to please. In fact anything to keep her happy! He felt her hand
still holding his balls and looked down. Why did she have to do
that?

Miss Turner laughed. "Don't worry Jamie. As I said before, if
you've never done this sort of exercise before, it can hurt your
boys bits. Just concentrate on what you're doing please!"

Jamie bent his knees slowly, too innocent to fully realise what a
delectable sight he was making in the mirror. Miss Turner moved
slightly. Oh yes, this would be a most interesting little film!
Her hand gently massaged the young boy's balls, occasionally
stroking the sides. Slowly, she let her fingers slide back
between his thighs. She grinned and stroked her finger along the
area between the boy's anus and balls.

"Okay, Jamie, bend your knees a bit more and see if you can hold
that position for ten seconds. Count slowly for me!" Jamie
counted, dimly aware of her hand stroking him. Somewhere behind
his balls, his little prostate gland, having been so recently
frustrated in its attempt to prepare for its first orgasm, now
responded eagerly to the stimulus.

His teacher watched with satisfaction as his penis stirred and
lengthened. "Okay, one more time and we'll finish." Jamie's leg
muscles ached. He straightened up slowly and lowered himself
again.

"Up you get young man!" Miss Turner tousled his hair. "You're
going to be a strong man one day!" She saw him look down. His
penis was sticking straight up. He reddened and looked at her
nervously. She pretended not to notice.

"Okay, let's have you running as fast as possible around the
room. Get a move on!" she finished, giving his bottom a slap.
Jamie did as he was told, not noticing his teacher with her hand
to her mouth, tears of laughter rolling down her cheeks. How
funny he looked bobbing around the room, his stiff penis bouncing
all over the place.

She wiped her eyes and breathed deeply. Suddenly the phone rang.
"Jamie, I have to go and answer that. Go and have a quick shower
and then back to the schoolroom with you."

Jamie trotted to the bathroom listening to his teacher's voice
downstairs. It was a good fifteen minutes before she returned, by
which time he was back at his desk, busy with another page of
exercises. She looked at him thoughtfully.

"I've just had a phone call from a very old friend, Jamie" she
said, walking to her desk. "She'll be bringing her two young
daughters with her for afternoon tea, and it may be inappropriate
for you to remain as you are when they're here." She sat down.

"Therefore, after lunch I'll allow you to put your shorts back on
 but they'll be coming back off the moment my guests leave. Is
that clear?"

Jamie nodded. "Yes miss, thank you miss" he answered sweetly.
Miss Turner smiled and sat up straight. "Well Jamie, I hope we
can get a bit more work done before lunch, but first" She threw
one of his punishment sheets in the bin and patted her knee. "I
think another spanking might be in order. Across my lap young
man. Come on!"

