NIS: Naked in Summer Camp
by Eddie Davidson
Copyright© 2022 by Eddie Davidson

Chapter 1

Summer was finally here! I was so excited to be chosen as a Counselor Leader In Training at Camp North Star. I had never been to the camp, but I was told that it was around since the 1960s, and the pictures that I had made it look really rustic and fun.

I hadn’t expected to be chosen. My best friends Marcia and Wendy had applied to be counselors. Marcia’s family unexpectedly planned to take a trip to Barcelona and asked if I wanted to fill in for her as an alternate only a few days earlier. Everything was falling into place!

My parents and brother said their goodbyes, and I hopped on board a school bus bound for Lake Nipigon with my best friend Wendy. I had never been away from home by myself, and this promised to be an incredible adventure!

“I am so thrilled, Wendy!” I smiled at my friend. Wendy has long wispy blonde hair, classic good looks, and she’s sprouted boobs recently, and they are fantastic.

I am still working on mine, and very self-conscious about my puffy little boobies. I’ve done everything from stuffing my bra to baggy clothes in order to make people think I have a little more up top than I really do.

“Yeah, I can’t wait to let my hair down and have some fun, Strawberry!” Wendy flashed her perfect smile.

My name is Candace, but everybody calls me Strawberry because of my red hair and the splash of freckles across my nose. The nickname is a little embarrassing. I’ve been hoping as I mature that people will call start calling me Candace. I imagined the respectful campers that I’d be assigned calling me MISS CANDACE. I was looking forward to that.

I had a late birthday, and I was lucky to be assigned as a Counselor Leader In Training. I was told that most of them are in high school already. It seemed like quite the honor to be selected (even if I was a last minute choice).

“I just realized that the acronym for Counselor Leader In Training is C-L-I-T,” I whispered to my friend. That was a pretty funny oversight. We both giggled over my naughty discovery. I’ve kissed boys and done finger stuff, but I had never gone all the way.

Wendy on the other hand, SAYS she is a virgin, but there are several boys who say otherwise. She definitely seems more worldly when it comes to sexual things than me.

The ride to Camp North Star was largely uneventful. We sang 101 bottles of beer on the wall, and even a few naughty songs like “101 dildos on the wall”. The bus was co-ed and there were some really cute boys on the bus.

“It kind of sucks that the boys are going to be segmented on one side of the camp,” I observed to Wendy. There was an older blonde boy with braces that was silently flirting with me.

“I am pretty sure that the boys will find a way to sneak over to the girl’s side of the camp,” Wendy smiled mischievously.

“Do you think we could in trouble though? We are Counselor Leaders and we have to set a good example for the younger girls,” I snickered. I intended to at least meet one cute boy at summer camp, or what was the point in going, right?

A girl that was sitting behind us had been eavesdropping. She had short curly hair and a smirky sarcastic attitude. “You know we get assigned boy campers, don’t you?”

“What?” I asked in disbelief.

“Yeah, I was a camper last year. I know for sure. My name is Roxanne,” she introduced herself. We gave her names and asked why they would put girls in charge of boys. “You’ll see!”

We thought she might be pulling our legs. Wendy and I theorized that they might segment the CAMPERS into boys and girls, but they probably trust the camp counselors. “They probably assign one boy and one girl counselor to each cabin. You know? Sort of like Mom and Dad of the cabin,” I suggested.

“I don’t know, but maybe some of my campers will be cute,” Wendy sounded hopeful.

“They are going to be younger than us!”

“So what? Maybe they hit their growth spurt. A girl can hope, right?” Wendy chuckled. We didn’t think about it again until we arrived.

The bus was hot and sweaty, and all I had on was a white camp shirt and a pair of black shorts, and sneakers. I saw the camp in the distance. I could make out pristine white riding stables, an elaborate sports stadium, what appeared to be really luxurious log cabins, and a wonderful swimming pool next to a beautiful lake with canoes and kids having fun.

“Why are we driving past?”

Roxanne leaned up and explained that was our rival “Camp Mohawk”. “Every year, we have a competition with the rich pricks from Mohawk, and every year we lose,” she laughed derisively.

That was disappointing but I was still hopeful. We had to drive the long way round the lake. The camp had clearly seen better days. The sign out front was faded and read “Camp North Fart”. One of the campers must have vandalized the sign. My friend and I chuckled pretty hard about that.

The camp wasn’t much. There was a central building with the offices and cafeteria, and a few cabins on one side. There was a lot of woods, and a broken-down old playground. I was already starting to like the place though. It had a homey feeling. I’ve always liked the plucky underdogs and this place really looked like it was that.

The camp director greeted us when we filed off the bus.

“Okay, everybody, I’m waiting...” he made us stand in line as we filed off the bus. Wendy and I were quiet but after a long bus ride everyone else seemed to want to talk and misbehave.

“People, settle down ... Okay, that’s better,” Morty accepted a little chit-chat and continued once he largely had our attention. “There’s a lot of new people this year, so before I go any further...

I want to introduce myself. My name is DIRECTOR MELNICK,” Morty was very explicit in what he wanted to be called.



He was wearing a t-shirt that read “when this hand goes up, the mouth closes.” He didn’t intimidate me though. He seemed like he was a really nice guy – a little disorganized.

“Hi Morty!” several of the kids who were regulars (including Roxanne) delighted in pushing his buttons and he accepted it with a little chagrin. I kind of liked their sense of humor. I had never spoken to an adult that way before.

“My name is DIRECTOR MELNICK! Not Morty! Not to you, not to the campers,” Morty looked at his clipboard and lifted a sheet of paper as if he were checking names and counting heads. “The buses with the campers will be here shortly and it is important you get your bus assignments. Each of you will be assigned SIX campers.”

The regulars held up five fingers and repeated “Five” as if that is what they heard him say.

“No, Six campers,” he started to correct them before he realized they were just having a little fun teasing him.

“But if we lose one, then that would be okay?” the cute blonde boy that had smiled at me laughed.

“Bobby, don’t start this year. I am really not in the mood.”He gave us each simple fitbits. They were watches that could be used as watch timers and track steps and physical activity. They weren’t very expensive looking but he acted as if he was trusting us with something sacred. Morty repeatedly mentioned that we’d be docked if we lost them and that it was our responsibility to keep track of them. I was confused by their purpose but all of the counselors received one.

At his side, was a blonde amazon who introduced herself as Head Counselor AJ while they signed out the fitbit watches. The boys and even Roxanne jeered when she said “Head” because of the double entendre.

AJ placed her hands on her hips. She had amazing breasts, and she stood tall and proud. I couldn’t believe she was even a teenager. She looked like a grown woman. “Yes, HEAD counselor, that’s right, and I am damn good at it, but not for the likes of you Clits.”

I exploded with laughter. Our head counselor actually CALLED us clits.

“Something funny, Clit?”

“I just didn’t know you were going to actually call us that, I am sorry,” I blushed.

“Do you expect me to say counselor leaders in training every time?” AJ asked rhetorically before asking me my name. She wrote it down on her clip board as if she were circling it and putting me on a naughty list already.

She led us on a tour of the camp. “There are six cabins on the girl’s side, and nine cabins on the boys side.”

“SIXTY-NINE!” several of the male counselors shouted enthusiastically.

She ignored the boys jab about sixty-nine and remained serious.

“The cafeteria is the neutral zone. Girl campers aren’t permitted on the boys side, and boy campers aren’t permitted on the girls side unless you have special permission for Co-Ed activities. The farthest you go is the cafeteria. Is that abundantly clear?” AJ explained sternly.

“Yes, Head Counselor AJ!” a couple of the boys joked. Bobby wasn’t the biggest smart-ass of the bunch. The main comedian was his friend “Trip” and he seemed to egg everyone to be a little raunchy and disrespectful. I thought that was okay, considering the campers were not there.

The Cafeteria seemed to double as a rec hall when meals were not served and even as a gym. There was a small office with a gift shop attached to it at the front. That’s where Director Melnick went after the initial introductions. He left everything to AJ and I thought that was pretty cool. I hoped to be as poised and in charge as she was when I got my campers.

There were shower builders on either side of the cafeteria. One was designated for girls and the other for boys on the appropriate side. I was a little surprised by the fact that we had communal showers. That was pretty wild.

“Awww, not co-ed? I heard we were going to have big changes this year,” Trip asked patronizingly.

“One big change is that I am going to tie you up by your feet and let your campers use you as a piñata, Trip. Now, be a big boy and set a good example for the newbies.”

“Yes, Miss AJ, Ma’am,” Trip barked out his response as if he were in the military answering a drill sergeant.

“Good boy, follow orders, and you may get to shower in the head counselor’s private shower this year,” She cooed. “Would you like that, Trip?”

I had no idea that she was flirting!

“You know that I would,” Trip sang his response.

“Good, I’ll make the arrangements for you to shower with Steve tonight,” she smiled wickedly. She obviously had been shining Trip on.

“Steve Rhoades is back this year? What happened? Did the parole board decide to send him back here another year? That guy is WAY too old to be a camp counselor. I guess he likes them young, and he keeps getting older and they stay the same age year after year. It’s probably the only way he can get girls,” Trip was in the middle of insulting the guy when we heard a harumph.

“Steve? You old son-of-a-gun,” Trip knew instantly that his nemesis was standing behind him. Steve was broad shouldered, athletic and he clearly thought he was god’s gift to women. “Looks like we’ll be shaping young minds and teaching them Camp North Star values together again, old buddy,” Trip kissed up to him.

“Yeah,” Steve ignored him. “It’s going to be a very educational summer,” he observed casually as he walked over and put his arm around AJ. She looked a little uncomfortable but didn’t shrug it off. It was probably inappropriate around other counselors.

“What? a little touch is going to bother you?” Steve grinned.

“No, Steve. Just remember that this year, I am a head counselor just like you,” AJ bluntly reminded him that they shared equal authority. It was abundantly clear that AJ’s responsibility was over the girl clits and that Steve was in charge of the boy counselors.

“Not JUST like me,” Steve offered crudely as he stared at her bulging tits through her shirt, and then said that he could think of “TWO differences.”

“Are all the guys here total pervs?” I whispered my question to Wendy. Roxanne overheard as well and giggled. Roxanne assured us that we didn’t know the half of it. I wanted to meet a boy at camp, but I hoped that he wasn’t going to be rude and foul mouthed.

Steve took the male counselors to the other side of the camp to set up. I followed AJ to the other side of the camp. There were three other female counselors in training. I was assigned to cabin six. It looked sturdy enough and it was fairly close to the shower.

“I’ve got cabin eight. We are close to each other,” Wendy seemed pleased.

“Wait, cabin eight? There are nine cabins. This really is the boy’s side?” I realized that Roxanne hadn’t been kidding.

“Told you so,” Roxanne told us she had cabin seven and that we’d be neighbors.

Several buses arrived shortly after, and we went out to meet them. AJ blew her whistle and lined the campers up. Morty gave them a short introduction and promised them genuine Indian arrow heads, leathercrafting, basket weaving, canoeing and fun in the sun.

“You know why we are here,” several of the campers shouted eagerly. “Okay, okay, keep your shorts on! We’ll do introductions and a tour and then in about an hour we’ll bring everyone out for orientation!”

As my campers started arriving, I asked them to stand next to me and wait. There was a little chaos, but AJ and Steve actually managed it very well. Steve was a little crass with the girls. He blew his whistle and told them to stop, and then tried to confuse them and tell them to go. It was just a little good-natured playful hazing and nothing else.

Despite the long bus ride, the boys seemed a little riled up and excited. Most of the campers were a head shorter than me and although we were close in age, they seemed impossibly immature. Most of the handsome ones were assigned to other cabins. I wasn’t interested in younger boys, but I noticed that I seemed to get the strangest ones.

You know how when kids pick teams for sports, there are always those kids that are chosen last? I felt like AJ was changing the assignments to give me those kids.

I took my six back to the cabin and introduced myself and told them my name. I left out the part about calling me Strawberry. There was no point in giving out that nickname. I told them what part of Ontario I was from and a little about the things I enjoyed. It was nice because they hung on every word and kept looking at me intently.

“You look hungry,” I observed. The boys all looked famished. I wasn’t much older than them but I felt an instinctive obligation to look after them. This was my first time at camp, and despite being nervous and a little self-conscious about being a leader I tried to project confidence.

I informed the boys when dinner would be and that we had orientation soon. I asked them to introduce themselves.

The first boy introduced himself. He was shy, awkward and wore thick black framed glasses. They were the old 1960s style frames. His friend quickly told everyone his nickname was “Spaz”. He was wiry and looked incredibly nerdy.

His friend introduced himself as Larry Finkelstein. Spaz made sure everyone knew to call him “Fink”. Larry shrugged and said everyone calls him that. “Everyone calls my dad that too,” he explained that his father owned an electronic store in Ottawa. He was heavy set, with short-cropped hair.

They had both been campers for the last two years and were fast friends. They implied that this year was going to be different for them and that they were super excited to be here. I told them I was too.

“Well, alright!” they both cheered. I was glad they were so happy that I was their counselor.

The third boy introduced himself as “Wheels”. He didn’t say why that was his nickname. He had dark curly hair and was athletic. Wheels was average looking but by comparison to the others he was attractive. He seemed mature for his age.

He had been here the previous year. “I wouldn’t miss the year for anything,” he implied that he was ready to have a really great time. I told him I’d do everything I could to ensure that happened.

The fourth camper was shy. He introduced himself as “Renzetti” and told everyone that they could call him Hardware. He had an American accent – probably from New York. He was thin and had a crooked nose.

He said that his parents made him come year after year, and this year he was finally looking forward to it as well.

The fifth camper called himself “Horse”. I asked him if he loved horses because I do as well. I assumed that he would say yes. “Nope, you’ll see why they call me Horse!”

I had no intention of seeing his penis, if that was what he meant. I didn’t feel as confident in myself as AJ to dress him down though. I hoped I could set barriers and boundaries. I felt like I should have started off by insisting they call me “Miss Candance” but now I was feeling self-conscious. I was only a year or maybe two older than these boys at most. I didn’t feel entirely in charge.

He certainly seemed like he had been at the camp previously but he didn’t say.

The final camper was shy. He introduced himself simply as Rudy and offered no background on where he was from or his interests.

“Do you have a boyfriend?” one of them asked me. The boys all seemed to want to know.

“No,”

“Does the carpet match the drapes?” Horse asked if my pubes were red like my hair. I ignored his question and rolled my eyes. He promised he’d see soon enough. I wanted to tell him “Fat chance” but I was a little too nervous to assert myself.

“Do you have a nickname?” Spaz asked.

“I’d rather you not call me by my nickname, but since most of you have one,” I paused and looked at Rudy. He was the ONLY boy in my cabin without a nickname. “My friends call me Strawberry,” I admitted.

“I bet you are sweet to eat!” Fink grinned lasciviously as if he wanted to actually eat me like a meal. The others laughed.

“I’d prefer you call me Candace,” I replied dryly. I didn’t want to seem like a hard-ass but I had imagined that the my campers would respect me more if they had to address me like a teacher.

“Can dance?” Spaz boogied around the cabin and moonwalked. The cabin was fairly spartan with six beds, chests, and small table and chairs we could sit at. A few of the boys chuckled at my expense.

“No, Canned ASS,” Fink waddled around the room wiggling his butt and smacking it. There were howls of laughter.

“Okay, that is enough,” I offered them a sour smile. “Don’t get on my bad side,” I warned them.

“Or what?” Fink challenged me. “You going to spank us, Counselor?”

The others giggled at the absurdity of that notion. I had no idea how to punish them if they were bad. “I might tell the head counselor,” I warned. I felt powerless all of a sudden, like the only authority that I really had was quickly evaporating and that soon the boys would figure out I was just faking having any to begin with.

A rock song began playing over the PA loudspeakers. The music was muffled but all the campers recognized it and cheered.

Are you ready for the summer?

Are you ready for the good times?

Are you ready for the birds and bees?

the apple trees!

And a whole lotta foolin’ around

Are you ready for the hot nights?

Are you ready for the fireflies

the moonlit skies

And a whole lotta foolin’ around

No more pencils, no more books

No more teachers’ dirty looks

The old rock song signaled that AJ was ready to begin orientation and we exited the cabin. The other boys were filing out of their cabins with their camp counselors. The camp director observed from behind AJ like a proud general marshalling his troops on the morning before battle. AJ was the star of the orientation and everyone instinctively lined up on her in small groups.

I was a lanky bean pole of a girl with few curves and my show of confidence was all an act.

AJ was who I wanted to be. She commanded attention in how she moved and spoke. She blew a whistle and lined everyone up by cabin. Each of the girl counselors were standing with the campers from our assigned cabin. I thought there had been some mix-up by assigning girls to run the boy’s side of the camp. No one else appeared nervous or confused and there was quite a bit of apprehension for what AJ had to say.

“This year we are trying something new at Camp Mohawk, so I am just going to go right ahead and address it with this initial orientation. I expect you twerps to listen up and listen WELL. If you do not listen then you and I are going to have a bad time at Camp this summer and if I have a bad time, then you will definitely HAVE a bad time.”

AJ’s stony demeanor got everyone’s attention. No one talked, and all eyes were on her. “If you fail to follow my instructions then not only will you draw back a slap across your chubby little faces, but you could be ejected from the NIS program this summer.”

There were no objections or questions. I knew about the Naked in School program (NIS). It was something for high schools and colleges. “As you should all know if you READ your programs this year, Morty signed up Camp Mohawk for participation in an experimental NIS summer program.”

“Lost money at the track this year, Morty?” a wise-acre from another cabin joked, and a short burst of laughter cascaded from the source of the comment.

“Camp Mohawk can’t compete with Camp North Star in amenities. We do this and we can afford to get the holes in the canoes patched us ... But yes, if you must know, the track hasn’t been kind this year,” Morty admitted in self-deprecating fashion.

“Raise your hands if you have attended a school with the NIS program?” AJ asked. Almost no one raised their hands. A few of the older camp counselors raised their hands.

AJ glared at Morty, as if she expected the response but hadn’t hoped for it. “Keep your hands up if you’ve done your mandatory naked in school week?”

Roxanne was surprisingly one of the girls who had her hand raised, along with two of the other counselors. Wendy didn’t raise her hand and neither did I.

“Not to worry, by the end of this orientation you will have the basics down. The naked body is nothing to be ashamed of and everyone has one under their clothes. I’ve personally volunteered every year for NIS, and I plan to attend a year round NIS college program in the fall,” AJ was already removing her big white camp mohawk t-shirt.

I gasped when her tits sprung forth and bounced freely. A lot of boys giggled and guffawed as they stared at the head counselor’s exposed melons. I couldn’t help the feeling of sympathetic humiliation running up my spine. I wasn’t the one topless, but I felt empathy for AJ. I assumed it must have been incredibly humiliating to take her shirt off in front of over fifty boys that were ogling her.

If it bothered AJ in the least, she didn’t show it. “Go ahead and get the giggles out and laugh, it’s perfectly natural and you will get a good long look this summer. You may even be capable of staring at tits without acting like total morons,” she chided the boys. She placed her thumbs in the sides of her black shorts and then slid them down to her ankles. She took her panties off as she did.

The giggles morphed into shocked exasperation. I felt like there was something so naughty about what she was doing and the fact that AJ acted like it was perfectly normal to expose herself to total strangers made it seem even more provocative.

Imagine a fully developed woman with big knockers standing naked in front of over sixty people wearing clothes. If AJ wasn’t so attractive and stacked, I assumed she’d be melting with humiliation. I could hardly believe that my camp counselor was going to be naked for the summer.

I wondered if she planned to put her clothes back on at all! My mind began to flash with how hard it might be to eat dinner in the mess hall in a room filled with people wearing clothes. I was blushing sympathetically thinking about it.

This sudden news was completely blowing my mind!

“Eyes up here,” AJ demanded that the guys stop looking at her boobs and look at her face while she spoke. I quickly realized that was a joke AJ was making to add a little levity to the situation. “I am just kidding. You can LOOK at any part of me. That’s the entire idea of the NIS program.”

AJ explained that the program started in California over twenty years earlier. It was a radical program that many people misunderstood. Students (and some teachers) volunteer for a week and attend classes in the nude. There were many detractors who opposed the program, but the results had been overwhelmingly positive and it had spread across the world.


Canada (where I live) is fairly progressive, but we can also be fairly conservative on some things as well. Society has increasingly become more tolerant, but I had never personally seen anyone in the program. I had only heard about it in the news.

NIS was founded primarily to reduce teen pregnancy by taking the stigma and curiosity out of sexuality. “You know what I got; I know what you have. We don’t need to make an excuse to bump uglies in the backseat of a car to see each other’s naughty bits. Yes, girls get curious as well and on the other side of camp the other head counsellor is having this exact same conversation with the girls.”

“If they are curious about what Steve has, the girls probably have to get a microscope out!” one of the older girl counselors teased.

“Steve is a man-slut, but that’s the other important part about NIS,” AJ added. “There is nothing wrong with being a slut and body shaming is not appreciated. Dicks come in all shapes and sizes; some lean to the left, some peckers are big, some cocks are medium, and some wieners are teeny-tiny,” AJ squeezed her fingers closely together to approximate the size of Steve’s dick. “That is okay,” she added with a smile. “I have big tits, big perfect, voluptuous, lovely, delicious boobs that stick straight out”

“More than a mouthful is a waste anyone,” one of the crude boys from another cabin jeered her, but AJ didn’t seem to notice.

The head counselor even bounced up and down to demonstrate as if the buoyant balloons on her chest were her favorite toys. “There are all shapes and sizes of breasts! Some are round, Some jugs are like triangles, some are like puffy, some boobies are flat. They are all okay! NIS helps young people see that the parts of the physical form that we normal hide in society are all acceptable. I have a big clit,” she reached down between her hairless pussy and pushed the flap of skin between her legs up as if it was not the most sensitive and private part of her body she had just pinched.

“Just looking at the pimples on your faces, I can tell most of you have never seen one of these. You don’t know what it is for, and you don’t know how sensitive it is. The point of NIS is you get to ask us questions about it, touch it, and look at it.”

These boys get to touch her clit? No wonder they seemed excited to be here. I thought back to how they seemed hungry earlier and started to wonder if they just couldn’t wait for this part.

She told them that the clit was not much different than the loose skin on her elbow. It was made of the same cells, but it had a different purpose and level of sensitivity. “That’s all! Once you realize that the body is the body, and your curiosity is satisfied then we can get on with other activities this summer.”

“My perverted uncle is sixty-four, and I do not think he’s ever going to stop being curious about bodies like yours,” Roxanne joked.

“Activities? Broken canoes, making wallets and games of horse-shoes?” Fink quipped from behind me. There were other sarcastic comments as well, but I didn’t hear all of them.

“We are going to have a good number of NIS demonstrations and activities but also traditional camp activities,” AJ informed everyone. “The first orientation is just to lay the ground rules on what you are learning and what a reasonable request actually is.”

I had no idea what she was talking about. It all sounded so thrilling and terrifying at the same time. What did she mean by reasonable requests? I had so many questions!

I was shocked by the fact that I did not know any of this was going to happen. I had admittedly not read all of the package that Camp Mohawk sent when I completed my application. I convinced my parents to let me sign up in Marcia’s place without talking about it. They had no reason to ask if the summer program involved NIS. I wondered if my parents would be mad at me for going to a camp that had adopted the NIS program.

I was actually quite curious about whether or not I’d get to see Steve in the nude. I had lots of questions about how boys bodies worked. I assumed that I’d find out naturally through sexual experimentation. I had to admit that I could see the logic of being able to ask questions BEFORE I had all of the pressure of performing sexually with a boy that I liked.

Steve was a pretentious douche-bag, but he was also a full grown man with hair on his chest. He might have been crass and a bit of a bad-boy, but I was genuinely wondering if he was going to get hard in front of the female campers.

I almost giggled out loud when I thought about his dick getting hard uncontrollably. It was such a naughty thought that I almost didn’t realize that AJ was talking directly to me.

“Earth to air-head,” AJ got my attention. I heard the others laughing right at me and a fresh wave of red-humiliation washed down my spine. The empathetic feelings I had for AJ’s predicament were nothing compared to the self-conscious embarrassment I felt when everyone looked at me and laughed. “Are you waiting for an engraved attention, Miss Candace?”

I was finally being addressed as Miss Candace. Unfortunately, the tone in AJ’s voice was derisive, and it wasn’t validating my authority as a camp counselor at all.

It took me a moment to realize that the other camp counselors were nearly undressed. Roxanne grinned and winked at me. She had a thick black curly bush and dark red nipples. My best friend Wendy was dutifully removing her clothes as if it was not that big of a deal to her either.

“The rest of us have to do it. Don’t be nervous. It’s just skin! Now strip down, and let it all hang out, Candace. You are going to be naked all summer, so you may as well get started now.”


Chapter 2

All eyes were on me and that was making me extremely nervous. There were nine other girls that were completely naked and yet I was the one who must have felt the most embarrassed. I am cute but not well developed and I am extremely self-conscious.

I think what made me feel the most vulnerable was that Morty was staring at me intently as if he were disappointed in me for not immediately stripping down like the other girls. I couldn’t even turn to face the boys in my cabin because I was mortified.

“Good girl,” AJ smiled at me when I removed my shirt. I had a training bra on underneath.

“Why would you wear that when you knew you had to take it off anyway,” Horse asked from behind me. I assumed the question was a rhetorical jeer.

AJ responded to the question. “The camp counselors must answer ALL of your questions truthfully and factually, but let’s save the questions for why girls wear training bras until after orientations, okay?”

“Yes, Miss AJ,” Horse responded warmly.

“Good boy,” AJ smiled at him.

I felt increased shame and humiliation as I reached behind myself and unsnapped my bra. The other girls had slid out of their clothes in what felt like a few seconds, but I was languishing in mine and it was like slowly ripping a band-aid off of a cut. It only prolonged the feeling of shame - but I wasn’t ready to be fully naked.

Roxanne began to hum the tawdry version of the stripper song. You know the one with the high hat drums and the sultry saxophone that goes “Bad-dump, bad-dump, tssss...”

Well, she managed to get all of the boys in her cabin to serenade me with it and a few from my own cabin joined in as well. I assumed that Roxanne was trying to add a little levity. She was already naked, and her pointy tits shook a little as she directed the boys to harmonize the song while I stripped.

“Okay, Okay, Roxanne,” AJ slightly chastised Roxanne for teasing me but let them have their fun. I was completely naked and stood awkwardly with my hands covering my pussy. I positioned my arms over my smallish boobs to ensure that I had strategically covered my nipples.

“It’s okay to be nervous, Candace,” AJ informed me. “You knew that this was a requirement of all counselors when you signed up for CLIT. I assume this is your first time in the program?”

“Yes Ma’am,” I admitted sheepishly. My voice cracked in fear. Becoming the center of the spectacle was a nightmare.

“Don’t piss yourself,” AJ warned me to calm down. “It’s going to be okay. I was nervous the first day I entered NIS as well,” she admitted. I could hardly imagine a sophisticated, confident girl like AJ was nervous about doing anything. She was once my age though and it helped me to picture even her being less than confident.

“The orientation is going to be good for you as well. Why don’t you come up here and be my training dummy,” AJ made it seem like what we were doing was no big deal and completely routine. However, now I was expected to stand next to this voluptuous woman and FACE a line of over fifty young boys while completely naked.

Their faces were full of mirth, and I think some of them were excited by how embarrassed I was.

“Posture is important,” AJ made me stand with my shoulders back, push my tits out and lift my chin. She took my hands away so that I had to present myself fully nude. “Counselors are going to be seated, walking around and sleeping in your cabin in the nude. You’ll eventually get used to it. In order to acclimate to that, you can look at us, even stare.”

AJ made a goofy face towards Hardware, the boy from my cabin. She was mocking him for staring at her intently in a funny way. He didn’t relent or stop staring though.

“If any of us slouch, or hide a part of our bodies, it’s okay to ask us to show it to you,” AJ explained. I took that to mean that I couldn’t try to slyly hide my naughty parts with my hands.

“Does that count as a reasonable request?” Hardware asked her directly.

“I think when YOU ask it probably will,” AJ joked. I didn’t quite get what she was suggesting but I assumed she was implying that Hardware was going to make the request difficult. “I am getting to RR’s, but first we need some ground rules. Even if you’ve been in other NIS programs, I need you to all listen up.”

An RR was obviously short for a reasonable request. The way that AJ used the term implied it was some official part of the program. My heart was pounding with fear – what constituted reasonable? A request implied I had some choice in the matter but the unknown of it all was overwhelming me.

“If you want to touch us, just touch us,” AJ reached out to my thighs and touched my hip in a non-sexual way. My pussy began to drip because there were a thousand thoughts racing through my body and mingling with my young hormones, but the innocent touch wasn’t really the catalyst of that.

I was shocked she invited the boy campers to touch us without asking.

“Don’t ask. It’s going to be a long summer and if every second I have to answer a question about touching my butt or my boob then I am going to start cracking some heads. It’s not a biggie. Counselors are AT&T and if you want to reach out and touch someone then be like NIKE and just do it,” AJ joked a little as she ran her hand across the bottom of my ass cheeks. This time it felt far more pleasurable, and I regretted appearing so flattered.

“Obviously, wash your grubby hands. I don’t know where they have been and if you’ve been touching someone else OR yourself,” she implied that the boys would be jerking off copiously this summer. “I prefer you wash your hands.”

She let that be understood before continuing.

“There are different kinds of touching. I am talking about a quick grope, a brush of the hand, a little pinch,” AJ explained it all so casually. She tweaked my nipple, and I instantly felt aroused as they hardened at her touch. “If you want to see how a girl’s body responds to touch then that is fine. Anywhere is fine, but no fingers inside the mouth, pussy OR the poop chute,” she held up a finger and pantomimed circling her finger before jabbing it into an unknown hole.

There was an audible groan of disappointment. I genuinely brightened knowing that I wouldn’t be finger fucked by random strangers.

“It’s okay to touch around the rim, but if I catch one of you perverts trying to stick his finger all the way inside of me and touch my cheese, then you are going to pull back a missing finger.”

AJ implied that her butthole was a mouse-trap and that boys would somehow lose their fingers if they tried to insert them inside of her.

“Ah, but you might like it!!” Fink offered playfully.

“I might, but I can do more for myself with these,” AJ wiggled her fingers before adding “Then you EVER could with your hot-dog sized fingers,” AJ instantly took all of the hot air out of Fink’s sails with that comment.

“That is where reasonable requests come in,” AJ explained. “A reasonable request can be a lot of things and I am sure your creative, perverted minds will come up with a few new ones I’ve never heard before, but trust me – I’ve heard almost all of them,” AJ’s stone-faced comment was almost phrased like a challenge.

“A reasonable request should take no longer than three minutes, and a good rule of thumb is to wait about fifteen minutes before giving us another one. Obviously, you should direct your RRs to the counselor from your cabin but all counselors MUST perform reasonable requests whenever they are made.”

MUST?

A formal request is asking for something. The person that is being asked can always be declined. What I just heard my head counselor say was that we can’t deny a “reasonable request.”

“I’ll give you some examples of reasonable requests,” AJ offered. Everyone’s attention was on her, but she intended to make me perform the requests. “We might as get this one out of the way first, because you are all wondering, yes masturbation is a reasonable request!”

“YES!” and other excited cheers began to resonate through the crowd of boys and even a few of the female counselors seemed pleasantly surprised. “As you all know, that’s a controversial rule and not all schools allow it, but we follow California convention 22.1. which permits masturbation for self-expression and EDUCATION anytime, anyplace with consent of all parties.”

I was terrified that AJ expected me to demonstrate frigging myself in front of this entire group of lusty teenage boys.

“Does this mean we can whip it out too?” Horse asked. A few other boys also asked questions, but AJ seemed amused by Horse’s question. The fact that I wasn’t standing with the six boys from my cabin had probably made them feel even more emboldened than the others, but many other campers were making rude remarks.

“Yes, are you going to educate me?” AJ strode over to him. She spoke in a sultry but insistent way as and tried to intimidate him. “Let’s see you pull your pud now, right here in front of everyone.”It was fascinating to watch her make a boy quake while remaining so soft spoken.

“Is that a reasonable request?” Horse looked a little nervous as he backed down.

“No, campers don’t have to participate in NIS and are technically not approved to participate without permission slips. You don’t have to obey reasonable requests. If you decide to disrobe on camp property or on our part of the lake that is your business. You do have to obey your counselors though, so if we tell you to put your pants back on then you have to.”

“Wait, so I can give my counselor a reasonable request, but she can tell me to take my pants off?” Horse seemed confused.

“That is not what I said,” AJ seemed impatient. “We can’t and won’t GIVE you reasonable requests. However, counselors are responsible for your safety and education as well as all of the other campers in their cabins. We are going to direct activities, mealtimes, bathtimes, bedtimes, We can’t tell you to take your dick out. If you ARE going to pull your dick out and jerk it, that’s fine. We won’t stop you. If you are trying to jerk it on a cabin-mates face, then we are going to tell you to put it back in your pants or point it in another direction.”

Horse knew what AJ was getting at but still looked confused. He had to obey us in matters of safety, but apparently, he could also perform reasonable requests. It was certainly a confusing situation to me.

“A reasonable request is something physical for up to three minutes. If you want to educate yourself on the female form and ask us questions about how something feels to us, or why our body reacts a certain way then that is the time to do it. I am still the head counselor though, and I am responsible for your safety. If I see you doing something dangerous then I can stop you. If I see you making a mess then I can make you clean it up.”

That added some clarity.

“So I can tell you to finger fuck yourself for three minutes, but I can’t tell you to take my food tray to the garbage and dump it for me?” Horse was half-joking.

“You can make a reasonable request for me or any other counselor to show you how we masturbate ourselves and let you watch and ask questions. The show is just for you but others may watch too. You can’t use me as your personal maid, no.”

“So, basically, you get to jerk off all summer, but all the work is on us?” Horse seemed dismissive. He should have appreciated the fact that this pretty blue-eyed, blonde-haired counselor goddess would invite him to watch her touch herself and put on a personal show just for him. Instead, he seemed to imply that she was getting the better end of the deal.

AJ might have been. She didn’t seem all that concerned about inviting others to watch her do something that I had only ever done in private before. She was probably used to it and knew how to look really sexy when she was doing it. I wasn’t used to things like this at all, and I was terrified about the prospect about it.I was going along with it, and part of it fascinated me, but the rest of me was turning to jelly on the inside.

“Look, if all I had to do all summer was finger-bang myself for you little fuckers then I would agree with you,” AJ cut to the chase and spoke frankly. “Obviously, that’s not the scope of all that reasonable requests are. It’s just one of the most frequent and I wanted to address it right away.”

“So what else is there?” Horse asked.

AJ sighed. “I had a whole speech prepared, but let’s just skip to the Q&A session,” she mused.

“The T&A session,” another boy laughed his play on words out loud.

“Alright, that was funny,” AJ admitted. “You can’t request your own fingers, tongues, toes, dicks, and whatever other appendages you might try to fit, go in any of our body parts,” AJ said flatly. She repeated it for everyone to hear. “That’s pretty much it.”

“Wait, how come I can’t make a reasonable request for you to clean up my table mess?” Horse asked. It was a fair question.

“The same reason that I am not your maid or your momma,” AJ explained. She apologized and admitted that where she is from this is common sense.

“I was hoping that some of you had experience already in NIS, with either older siblings or something. Human sexuality is ONE aspect of the NIS program, and it is a big part. It’s the shiny chrome part on the front bumper that gets everyone’s attention. I meant reasonable requests that involve sexuality. You can’t make an RR for me to be your maid, or suck on your little pinky finger or your dicky. You can ASK me nicely, and that would be fully up to me, but it isn’t an RR.”

That made a lot of sense – although I think the boys still weren’t sure where the line was.

“So what else is an RR?” Horse and many of the others wanted to know.

AJ was thrilled to segueway back into what she planned to present in the orientation. “I am glad you asked. How about you call some out for Miss Candace, and I’ll tell you whether they are or aren’t reasonable requests? Wendy ... Roxanne, you come up here too and you can take turns.”

Wendy enthusiastically strode up to join me and greeted me warmly with just a smile. It was what I needed to bolster my courage. Roxanne was grinning from ear to ear as well. She was thin and lanky like me, but she seemed far more worldly.

“Play with yourselves,” the first and very obvious request came within seconds of the two girls joining me. AJ held up her hands and said that everyone knew that was on the table. “Raise your hand and I’ll call on you. We’ll go round robin and I’ll let each counselor know whether that is an RR or not. Go ahead and gather around us in a circle and try to ask things you’d REALLY request and not a bunch of outlandish silly ones.”

“Finger ALL THE WAY up the butt!” came a jovial request from the first boy that AJ called upon. It was obviously so over the top, and everyone laughed so hard that I knew that would be dismissed.

“NOT a reasonable request,” AJ informed him very matter of factly. The boy was clearly disappointed, but I wasn’t. I was the first one in line. “Your counselor would first have to ask you if that is a reasonable request that you are making. It’s very possible that you were just joking, and we aren’t going to go sticking things up our asses just because you are having a laugh. You could also have said that you are making a reasonable request to clarify it.”

My eyes shot wide open.

The boy apologized and said he assumed that it was implied he was making a reasonable request.

“What happens when you assume? You make an ASS out of YOU and ME...,” AJ seemed to be quoting an old movie or some forgotten wisdom. “The more specific you can be, the easier it will be for your counselor to accommodate you. Roxanne, you were in NIS in Alberta, weren’t you?”

“Toronto, Ma’am,” Roxanne replied.

“Okay, even better,” AJ implied that Toronto’s NIS program was somehow superior to Alberta. “Rephrase the request for your friend so that everyone can hear a much better example,” AJ nodded.

“I have a reasonable request, Miss Candace. Can you bend over, spread your ass cheeks and then using THIS finger, shove it all the way up your cute little sparkling asshole?” Roxanne grinned at me playfully.

“You don’t have to call it cute and sparkling, but yes, that would be a request. Go ahead, Candace,” AJ shrugged as if what I would be doing was rather mundane.

I blushed so hard, but I do not think anyone noticed. I turned around and bent over. I grabbed my ass cheeks and held my butt.

“Hold your stance and cheeks a little wider, so that we can see if your fart hole really does sparkle, Miss Candace,” AJ half-joked. I didn’t realize she was serious at first. I adjusted my legs shoulders width apart and then summoned all of my courage as I pulled apart my ass cheeks. The silent reaction was more humiliating than giggle. Was my asshole glistening? Sweaty? Puckered and gross?

“It’s okay to make reasonable requests more specific by asking us to widen our stance, hold ourselves a little wider,” AJ explained that she had told me to do that simply to demonstrate. “Counselors can also ask if you would like us to lick our fingers

Your counselor can ask you if you mind if she licks her finger to lubricate it or if you want to watch us try to cram it in. It’s a back-and-forth conversation, and you only learn if you ask questions and talk to one another. It’s not just a quiet peep-show, guys. You can look at porn online for that. Okay, go ahead and lick your finger and slip it in,” AJ patted me on the butt and told me that I did a good job.

I was mortified as I slid my finger into my mouth, sucked it deeply, sucked it wet with saliva and then slid it up my asshole gently. I’d never had more than a pinky in my anus before, and now I was pushing my pointer finger into my butthole while boys watched and giggled. I felt like the biggest slut and an object of ridicule and yet I did it anyway and continued to let them watch. I was confused as to why – perhaps caught up in the moment. I felt obligated to participate in the show because AJ had told me to do this. I felt ridiculous and part of me knew it was wrong, but I felt it was too late to stop now.

“The red-haired kid,” AJ called on another boy before I had even finished seating my finger into my anus.

“This is for Miss Wendy,” he insisted.

“Okay, whatever,” Roxanne shrugged in disappointment. She was next in line to perform a reasonable request for the crowd.

“I didn’t mean to offend you. Miss AJ said that we had to go to our counselor first, and I am in Cabin Eight, so I have Miss Wendy.”

“This is just a quick demonstration, so it’s fine, and you can give RRs to any of the counselors,” AJ reiterated. She asked him what he wanted. I imagined that the boy had found a genie in a bottle, and he could rub it to grant him almost any wish he wanted.

“This is a reasonable request to do jumping jacks,” the boy grinned wickedly.

Several of the other boys seemed amused, but somewhat disappointed. He could have asked for just about anything.

“Yes, obviously that is a solid reasonable request,” AJ admitted as she directed Wendy to start performing the robust calisthenics on the spot. “Girls with bigger tits like Wendy and I are going to bounce a lot more than Roxanne and Candace will,” she advised. I couldn’t see, but from the reaction of the crowd, my friend’s jiggling boobies were a big hit. “The thing you should know is that this is JUST three minutes, and we are not super human, so if you guys gang up on us to wear us out, we may need a little break.”

Horse found that to be hypocritical and immediately challenged what AJ said. “You have to do our reasonable requests?”

“For what Morty pays, you would be lucky if I let you smell my used panties,” AJ admitted. “Yes, we have to perform reasonable requests, and we’ll make every possible attempt to do them, but even we have limits.”

“So if I can make a reasonable request to do jumping jacks, why can’t I tell you to jumping jack your ass all the way to my table, pick up my tray and empty it in the trash when I finish eating?”

AJ was somewhat amused with Horse’s line of questions. “Think of us like teachers. Teachers HAVE to help you with your homework. The subject for the summer is the study of the human body. We do not HAVE to wipe your butts or brush your teeth for you.”

“Well, there goes two of my first requests,” Spaz half-joked. His friend Fink laughed the loudest.

“What’s your name? You were here last year, weren’t you?”

“Spaz, and yes, I was,” Spaz said.

“What’s your real name, Spaz?” AJ asked in a friendly way. I could only watch the interaction over my shoulder while bent over. My best friend Wendy continued performing jumping jacks with her tits bouncing and her ass jiggling.

“I am kind of used to Spaz,” he admitted.

“Well, if you really want to make a reasonable request for me to wipe your ass, then pull your pants down and ask it.”

“Uh...” Spaz had clearly been joking. He got intimidated. I suspected AJ knew that boys his age often talked a big game but panicked when she called them out.

“Okay, Spaz kind of spazzed out,” AJ joked, and the crowd laughed at him. “Roxanne, why don’t you ask me what you think he might have asked.”

“Miss AJ, this is a RR. I need help going potty. Please wipe my bottom for me?”

Roxanne’s tone was obviously not serious, and she was mocking Spaz’s nasally voice for comedic affect.

“I can accompany you to the toilet, Spaz and wipe your bottom with toilet paper if that is what you want but we have three minutes. If you want me to do it right here, then please pull down your pants.”

Even Roxanne seemed surprised by AJ’s formal sounding response.

“You can touch us. We can touch you but ONLY if you request it. The same rules apply though to penetration. You can’t request that I use my tongue to wipe your dirty ass,” AJ shuddered in disgust at the very thought. “You can, however request that I use my fingers to hold toilet paper, and I’d prefer that.”

“Wait, you really would?” several boys were suddenly interested in something that sounded super outlandish only a few moments earlier. It was so farcical that it was made it jest.

“I am not going to stick my finger IN your dirty fart-cavities, and I am definitely not going to put my tongue all the way in. A reasonable request can involve touching and touching goes both ways. You touch us with fingers. What’s the difference if our fingers touch you?”

That was a good point, although somehow it did FEEL worse.

“Yes, you...” AJ called on another boy.

“Can we request that you touch each OTHER?” he asked. That question evoked tons of perverted laughter.

“Yes, but I told you to put the request into the format you’d really make it in. Ask Roxanne to touch Candace, since the poor girl has been standing here fingering her butt this entire time. All I ask is that you let it be on a different part of her body.”

“Miss Roxanne, I am requesting that you make out with Miss Candace,” the boy said. The kid was Hispanic and somewhat short for his age. AJ had clearly just told them that tongues were out of the question, so I felt certain that she’d deny him.

“That’s fine,” AJ agreed. I was shocked, and my asshole puckered around my finger when I thought about having to kiss a girl. I’ve done it at sleep overs and in dare games but never while in the nude in front of boys before. “It brings up another good point. Who was the one who requested Candace bend over and stick her finger in her butt?” she asked.

The boy raised his hand. “If we were doing this for real, Miss Candace has to stay like she is until the three minutes are up. The fit-bits we wear are programmed with a three minute timer,” she explained. It suddenly made so much sense why we had been provided those watches.”Let’s say for sake of discussion that Candace has only performed the request for a minute and a half. She is supposed to continue to put on that show for you until the end and let you ask questions. However, she can ask if you mind if Roxanne kisses her while she finishes your request, and that is YOUR choice and your choice alone. If not, then you have to inform Roxanne and her camper that you are performing a request and are not available.”

I was getting flustered. My nipples were fully erect as I bent over. I felt like AJ wanted me to ask the question out loud. It was naught thinking about but hearing myself asking a boy for permission to interrupt his request and kiss another girl sent shivers down my spine. I hoped no one noticed my knees quivering. He gleefully accepted.

Someone pointed out the obvious exception about tongues and fingers while Roxanne made a grand show of bending over and kissing me open mouth. Her tongue forced its way gently into my mouth, and she sucked the air from my lips while running her tongue playfully along my teeth.

“That penetration rule applies to CAMPERS. It does not apply to US. If you want to request me to finger myself or if you’d rather watch how another girl would touch me, then that is the request. My finger in my pussy-pie or in another pussy is fine. Most girls know how to get themselves off better than anyone else can, but it is a learning experience to watch us cum with someone else. We can kiss, or go down on each other, and we’ll make every attempt to answer your questions during the request or after if we can.”AJ placed her hands on her hips, and her tits kept bouncing while she spoke. I think she was mesmerizing the boys unintentionally and they may not have fully understood her.

My spine was shivering from the stimulation and the humiliation combined. I knew that I was getting weak in the knees, and I hoped no one noticed how badly turned on I was. AJ made it a point to tell everyone. “You’ll be able to tell when a girl is faking orgasm, or she is really getting turned on like Miss Candace.”

Oh God, I was going to cum. I was so close.

