Best Xmas Ever 

A few years ago i was invited on holiday with my girlfriends family over the christmas period. It's a tradition that every other year they hire a cottage for the whole family to stay in, this time they had decided to hire a 15th century cottage in a small welsh village. My girlfriend has 4 older brothers and a twin sister. The brothers are nice guys and we get along alright. Her sister and my self however can never seem to get on. 
My girlfriend (Kelly} and her sister (Becky) although twins are not identical. Kelly is 19 years old 5'6" attractive and with a great figure + she has the personality to match, making me a very lucky man. Becky is also 19 yrs 5'6" and looks almost identical to Alyssa Milano ( the actress from Charmed). However she can be really quiet bitchy at times. 
Becky is also the most shy person i have ever met, she always wears trousers or jeans, and tops that cover everything, often even her arms. My girlfriend often says she cannot understand why, and she told me that when they go to the gym Becky will not get changed without a private cubicle and a towel wrapped round her. 
Christmas started well with everyone enjoying themselves and the only disagreement involved the fact that the oldest brother had brought his dog along because, the kennels were full. He only had a small little terrier which was really friendly but Becky was not that keen on dogs. 
On about the 3rd day Kelly's mum asked me to run upstairs and tell Becky that dinner was only going to be about 10 minutes and so to come down and set the table soon. 
I went first to Becky's room and knocked on the door, which swung open slightly, i got no answer and so after saying her name a few times and asking if she was in there, still getting no reply, i peeked inside. 
The room was empty but laying on the bed were a complete change of clothes, all in neat piles with a matching see -through white bra and panties set. I left they room quickly and realized that Becky must be in the bathroom opposite taking a shower so seeing no harm i walked across the corridor and knocked on the door. 

"Becky" i said 

"Yes! What's wrong. i was just about to have a shower." said Becky's voice from far back in the room over the noise of running water. 

" your mum says dinner will be about 10 minutes, and its your turn to set the table." i responded. 

Now anyone that has stayed in an old building knows that there are sometimes things that have gone wrong or fallen off over time and this cottage was no different with gaps in wood work everywhere, doors that creaked and did not shut properly, all the charm and character of an old building. As i stood there waiting for a response, i noticed that there was a small shaft of light creeping through the door panel. 

" Just wait a second while i wash the shampoo out of my hair. I cannot hear you and i don't like shouting." Becky demanded in her usual bitchy manner,when she had to do something she did not want to. 

Waiting i started wondering why she was so bitchy, and hoping something would happen to knock her down a peg or two in the attitude stakes. 

"Bob! you still there." Becky said a few minutes later. 

"Yes!" i said. stepping back from the door expecting her to come out of the bathroom. 

" Good. Tell my mum, i will be there soon." came thee response. 

At this moment the very small shaft of light got larger and i could clearly see Becky bent over head towards the door wrapping a towel around her wet hair. It took a few seconds for my brain to compute what it was seeing, and not wanting to be a pervert i looked down at the floor quickly and turned to leave. 

"Well answer if your still there, don't be rude." Becky sneered from the other side of the door. 

Bitch! here i am being kind and not looking and she's being a bitch. It's obvious she doesn't know i can see in the bathroom or she would never be like this, so revenge is mine, i thought. 
turning back to the door i slowly lifted my eyes up from the floor. 
My eyes slowly, moved up the naked body of my girlfriends sister, first her legs firm, toned and smooth. Then her pussy neatly trimmed in a triangle of brunette pubic hair. up passed a nice slender waist to a pair of breasts almost identical to my girlfriends and easily a 36c or d. My eyes continued up nervous now expecting to see her staring at me, But luck was on my side has she had her eyes closed and was drying her hair. Another quick look down her body and i felt like a pervert so i closed my eyes and responded to her. 

"Ok. I will tell her." i said and left to go down stairs. 

Feeling guilty about looking at Becky and wondering how this was going to in any way change her attitude i reached the ground floor and was just about to speak to her mum when a huge scream erupted from upstairs. 

Without thinking myself, Kelly and her brothers raced upstairs as fast as we could to see what was wrong. 
Standing in the corridor between the bathroom and her bedroom was Becky, wearing nothing but a towel she was screaming at the dog who had somehow got upstairs and decided that it wanted to play tug of war with Becky's towel. Seeing all of us standing there she started going into hysterics, first screaming for help and then telling all of us not to look. Her brothers could do very little except laugh at her situation. Finally Kelly feeling sorry for her sister who was now close to tears, decide to help by grabbing hold of the dog and pulling. Unfortunately for Becky terriers don't let go very easily and the more she and Kelly pulled in opposite directions the more of her towel came unwrapped and the more her brothers laughed and teased. 
Finally two of her brothers decided to help one grabbing Becky and pulling the other helping Kelly. This left myself and her youngest brother who looked at me winked and then ran into his room. Becky was now really upset screaming ant her siblings to do something and blaming them for the whole situation. 
Suddenly the youngest brother reappeared with his camera and started taking pictures. This really upset Beck and she started crying slightly and becoming really insulting towards her brothers and sisters. The tug of war had gone on for maybe 5 minutes and it was obvious that while the dog still seemed full of energy the humans where quickly getting tired especially Becky. 
Suddenly Becky said something that upset all of her siblings and her oldest brother turned round and said "if you are going to be a bitch, you can do this without me!" 
With this he let go of the dog he was holding and forced Kelly to let go too. Now although the dog was strong it stood no chance of holding the weight of Becky and one of her brothers, so the towel was ripped from its grip. Unfortunately for Becky she was pulling backwards so hard she fell on her back, banging her head on the floor hard. This was not the worst thing for her though, due to the fall and bang on the head she had let go of the towel. There she was flat on her back naked in an almost sit up position with knees up and bent, showing the whole of her family and myself every detail of her body including her pussy lips. 
Everyone stood there in silence for a couple of seconds in shock, wondering if she was Ok. 
Finally she came round saw her situation, screamed and scrambled back to her feet before rushing to her bedroom in tears. 
The rest of the holiday passed without incident and Becky only came out of her room for meals, she never looked at me for the rest of the holiday and if she spoke she was really sweet and polite, almost like a completely different woman. After getting home i spoke to my girlfriend to find out what it was that had changed, she told me that Becky was really ashamed of her body and i was the first non family member to see her naked, she was worried that i would say something nasty, If i grow to be 1000 i will never understand women Becky's body is fantastic but unless she gets some confidence i will not be the first person to see her naked i will be the only one.