Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 06

I go Back to School

Tuesday

Jon woke me in the usual way – with Willow watching. She seems to come into our bed sometime in the night. I hope that she isn’t disturbing Jon.

After Jon pulled out of me Willow pounced on him and managed to suck him hard again and she continued until he deposited his second load deep in her throat. Whilst she was sucking him I went round behind her and had a little early breakfast. I didn’t make her cum but she must have been close.

When Jon had finished inside her throat I told her not to make herself cum so that she was going to school all horny. She liked the idea and asked if she could wear her Lush.

Jon and I both replied with a resounding “No.”


As I was showering I remember what I was going to do that day and got a bit nervous again. Okay, Jon had put my mind at ease about the law, but sill, being naked in front of a hundred or so teenagers. My stomach turned and my pussy and nipples tingled. If my brain wasn’t quite ready for it, my body certainly was.


Willow came down to breakfast wearing a see-through top and a see-through skirt that is actually a tube top. She looked good, and Jon told her so.

“I haven’t made myself cum like you said, but I’m wearing my Ben Wa balls again. If I chose to play football or rugby in PE this afternoon maybe all the running will make me cum.”

“If you play rugby and the balls don’t make you cum all that groping that you’ll get in the scrum probably will.” Jon said.

“I hope so; I haven’t cum at school yet this week.”



I was still nervous all of the way to school and when Willow and I parted I went to Mr. Devine’s office like I had been instructed.

“Come in.” I heard when I knocked on the door.


“Ah Vanessa, I’m glad that you made it. That dress is a little conservative isn’t it? I was expecting you to arrive in something like your sister does; or be naked.”

“This IS a naughty man.” I thought, “naughty but nice.”

I walked up to the front of his desk, which seemed a little low.

“Maybe he has it this low so that it’s easier for him to get the girls to bend over and spank them.” I thought. 

Then I realised that the hem of my skirt was above the top of the desk. I could see that he wasn’t looking up to my face; instead his eyes were pointing at the top of my legs.

“No vibrator today? Maybe tomorrow.” he hinted then after a pause he continued,

“Okay Vanessa, I’ve explained your situation to all the teachers and they’re all expecting to see all of you around the school.  I’ve also announced to all the pupils that there will be a new person in year 11 and that, being a naturist, and that the school dress code permits, that person will probably attend in the nude.”

“Did he just say that the teachers were expecting to see me naked around the school?” I thought.

“Here is your schedule for this week with a map of the school on the back. It will change each week so come and see me each Tuesday morning. Your charge card for the canteen and a locker combination just in case you need to leave anything safely are also there. Then I’ll take you to your locker in a minute. As you can see from your schedule, one of the year 12 Art classes will be honoured by your delightful, naked presence after you’ve been for your compulsory medical examination. I doubt that the art class poses will be too explicit; well not to start off with.

“Bloody hell,” I thought, “is he saying that the older classes will be drawing pictures of my spread pussy? I’m glad that Jon got my flaps removed.”

“After that it is PE with the whole of year 11. I see that you haven’t brought any PE kit with you so tell one of the PE teachers that I said that it is okay for you to use one of the school’s towels and I’m sure that they will have some shampoo and whatever else it is that you need.

After lunch you have Geography then Human Biology with the year 13 class. They are older than the kids in the class that you are in so they will need to go into more intricate detail. Right; let’s go. If you have any questions you can ask them as we go. I’m a busy man today.” 


At a brisk pace I followed him to the lockers were I saw a few other kids.

Pointing to my locker he said,

“There you are Vanessa. Now take your dress off and leave it in there until it’s time to go home.”

“Bloody hell, he IS telling me to get naked and to stay naked ALL day.” I thought, “I can see why Jon said that he liked him.”


I stepped forward and opened my locker. Some boys had heard what Mr. Devine had said and were looking at me, waiting for the show. I wasn’t going to disappoint them but I wasn’t going to hurry. 

I bent at the waist and unfastened my shoes knowing that the boys behind me would see my bare butt and pussy. Then I stood up and shucked my shoes off.

I gave the boys behind me another look at my female anatomy as I bent to pick up my shoes. Then it was the big moment; I pushed the shoulder straps of my dress off my shoulders and felt the dress descend to the floor then I stepped out of it. I was now totally naked in school.

Bending at the waist again, I gave the same boys another look at my pussy as I picked up the dress then put it in my locker.

I looked at the map and memorised where I had to go for my medical and my first lesson then locked the door and turned. The same boys were there and I wondered when they would be drawing me or examining the parts of my female anatomy.

It was a happy Vanessa that confidentially walked the medical office along the corridors full of teenagers going to their first class of the day. Some, mainly boys, stared at me, but no one said anything.


“Come in.” I heard when I knocked on the nurse’s door.

“You must be Vanessa, I’m expecting you. Mr Devine has told me all about you. We had a new girl who started last week who mentioned a relative called Vanessa, that wouldn’t by any chance be you would it?”

“Willow?”

“Yes, Willow, she’s making her presence know in the school already.”

“We’re not related but she lives with my boyfriend and me.”

“That probably explains her attitude towards clothes.”

“She was like that before she came to live with us.”

“A nudist?”

“She wouldn’t put it like that, but yes.”

“And how long have you been a nudist Vanessa?”

“I’m not a nudist; well not really, I just prefer not to wear clothes when I don’t have to.”

“More of an exhibitionist then?”

“Yes, I’m definitely that and I guess that Willow is as well.”

“That explains Mr. Devine’s email then. Right, this is normally the time when I tell new students to take their clothes off but we’ll just move on to the questions. Since you have already left school and got a job and are back here to get some more qualifications I’ll also skip the questions apart from asking you if you are in good health and if you have any medical questions that you’d like to ask me.”

“No, I’m in pretty good health.”

“Well you certainly look it. I’ll just give you a quick physical examination just to satisfy myself that you are as healthy as you look. Can you get up on the table please Vanessa?!

The nurse quickly checked my head and arms before moving to my little tits and pressing all over them. My nipples had been rock hard since Mr. Devine had started at my slit when I first arrived and they hadn’t diminished in size, or sensitivity, one little bit by then.

I moaned a little as the nurse brushed against them then held them between her finger and thumb.

“Quite sensitive I see.”

“Always have been.” I replied.


When the nurse moved down to my pussy she first told me to spread my legs some more then looked closely at me.

“Have you had your pubic hair permanently removed? Or did you never have any?”

“I had it removed, my boyfriend didn’t like it and I find the everything is more sensitive without it.”

“And it doesn’t hide anything.” The nurse replied.

“I can see some scar tissue, have you ever had any surgery down here?”

I told her what I’d had done then she said,

“Yes, your clitoris is very prominent, more so than just about all the other girls that I’ve seen. Is it very sensitive?”

And she put the end of one of her fingers on it and went round in little circles. She kept doing this for about the 10 seconds that it took for me to orgasm. 

As I returned to normal she said,

“And you lubricate quite a lot as well. You are a very luck young woman Vanessa.”

“Thank you.” I replied.

“Okay, I can sign you off as being 100 percent healthy. Off you go to your first class.”

“Thank you.” I said, not sure if I was thanking her for telling me that I was 100 percent healthy or for the orgasm.


In the Art class every eye turned to look at me until the teacher, a man, said,

“Vanessa, welcome, I was expecting you. Class this is Vanessa, she is a new student and has volunteered to model for you today, and probably one or two more sessions before the end of the school year. Get your sketch pads ready whilst I get Vanessa into a suitable pose.”

Thankfully, the pose wasn’t standing on one leg or something tiring, but it was a boring pose. I had to sit on a chair, cross my legs and lean on one elbow. They didn’t even get to draw my slit.

As the drawing session started I could see that I was going to need some sort of distraction for future art lessons if this is the best that they can ask of me.


I started daydreaming about what could happen in the human biology class that afternoon. I was fantasying like I do in some, most, of the fictional stories that I write.


Fortunately, the teacher gave me a couple of breaks and I was able to walk about and look at the kids drawing. Most were rubbish but I stood next to one boy looking at what was undoubtedly the best drawing in class and realised that he had turned his head to look at me and because he was sat and I was standing, he was staring straight at my slit.

I got a little tingle where he was staring.


The lesson came to an end and the teacher thanked me as the kids left the room. He started talking to me and I had to make up a story about where I was working and why I had to go back to school. I hope that I can remember that story just in case any more of the teachers ask.


I got to the gym changing rooms at the same time as lots of the kids. About half of them, boys and girls, went into the small, private changing cubicles but the other half weren’t bothered about privacy and just started changing in the middle of the room at the benches and coat hooks. There were kids in various states of dress just getting on with changing, without the slightest care in the world.

I only saw a couple of boys looking at me.


I looked for one of the teachers and one, a man just walked into the changing room.

“Excuse me sir.” I said.

“Yes child.”

“I’m Vanessa, and the Principle told me that I’d be able to borrow a towel.”

“Oh yes, you don’t stand out in here like you do in the rest of the school. Yes, the Principle did mention that you’d be coming along. I take it that you’ll be taking part in the sports dressed like that. I hope that the fields don’t get muddy, you’ll be sliding all over the place.”

“Yes sir, I’ll be here 3 times a week.”

“Okay, come to the office at the end of the lesson and someone will give you what you need.”

“Thank you sir.”


Just then, the boy who has a bit of artistic talent walked by and smiled.


I chose basketball. Yes I know that I’m tiny (height) and that I’d be rubbish at it, but I didn’t want to get seriously groped or displayed too much on my first day.

There were only 6 of us wanting basketball to start with but 4 more boys soon changed their minds when they saw me heading into the gym with the basketball teacher.

I actually had some fun; I haven’t run around like that for years and I enjoyed it. There were a few collisions and a few stray hands found my tits but apart from that, well with that, it was enjoyable. 


At the end of the lesson I went to the PE teacher’s office and knocked on the door. When I was invited in there were 3 male teachers and 2 female teachers all staring at me. I felt good, covered in sweat and slightly out of breath but good.

I asked about a towel and shampoo and was pointed to some boxes on the floor in the corner. I took my time, bent over – straight knees, searching through the bottles for a brand that I liked. When I stood up all their eyes were still on me.

With a grin on my face I thanked them and left, thinking,

“Another success.”


Willow was right about the showers, the only physical contact was girl-on-girl and masturbation by a few of each sex. After a few seconds under the shower the girl next to me asked me if I’d soap her back for her. As I did that I could hear her moaning above the noise of the shower so I let my hands go around her sides and rubbed the sides if her tits (which were probably a B cup).

She moaned again and I could feel her butt pressing against my front.

“Wow,” I thought, “this girl isn’t shy.”

She continued grinding her butt against me so I moved my hands to her nipples and massaged them a little. As she moaned again I looked around to see 3 cocks being wanked by their owners. The rest of the people in there were just getting on with their shower.

Deciding that I didn’t want that to go any further, I slid my hands down to her hips then backed away and told her that she was done. She thanked me then asked me if I wanted doing.

I assumed that she meant my back, but who knowns. I said that I was good.


As I finished my long shower I saw 3 boys cum, shooting their loads towards the nearest girl; and 2 girls, who had been rubbing their pussies, act like they were cumming.


I smiled to myself and thanked Jon for finding this school.


After my shower I dried myself whilst watching the girls and boys get dressed. I was impressed by the number of shaved girls (about 95 percent); and the number of girls who didn’t put any knickers on (about 75 percent).


Obviously I was finished before most of the kids and I went to the PE teacher’s office to return the towel and the bottle of shampoo. There were only 2 male and 1 female teachers and they all watched me as I bent over with straight knees to put the bottle in the box on the floor.

I smiled at them as I left.


I headed to my locker to get my lunch card and got a few stares from the people who were also in the corridors.


Joining the queue to get some fruit, I looked around and saw Willow sat with Laura, Scarlett and Hailey. Willow and Laura had their backs to me so I guessed that they hadn’t seen me.

As I walked up to them I heard Hailey say,

“You know that rumour about there being a naked girl in the school, well she’s here and it’s your sister Willow.”

Willow and Laura turned around and I saw Willow smile. As I sat down Willow said that she guessed that it was me.

I said hello to them all then complemented Laura on her dress (she was wearing one of Willow’s see-through tops as a dress).

Willow hadn’t told the others about me starting school and when Hailey asked why I was there I gave the same story that I’d given the art teacher; that I’d left school at 16 and got a job but my boss had told me that if I wanted to get on I would have to get a couple more GCSEs. He’d offered to let me have the days off work, without pay, and our daddy had enrolled me in this school because of its reputation for getting good results.

He was paying half of my school fees but I’d have to find a way of paying the rest; hence the art model and the human biology specimen job.

“Did Mr. Devine come up with that idea?” Hailey asked; any why are you naked in here?”

“Mr. Devine told me to stay naked all the time; he said that it was pointless me getting dressed then having to get undressed for the next lesson.”

“I told you that he’s a pervert.” Scarlett said.

“What subjects are you taking?” Laura asked.

I told them then Scarlett said,

“You’re doing PE naked! All that running around and spreading your legs; won’t you get embarrassed? I mean; all those boys and the pervy male PE teachers looking at your pussy and your tits bouncing about.”

“My tits aren’t anywhere as near as big as yours so they don’t bounce about, they hardly even wobble.”

“Sorry, I didn’t mean….” Scarlett started to say.

“No, it’s okay, I like my tiny tits, I don’t want them to grow any bigger; and we’ve been to nudist beaches so I’m used to people seeing me naked.”


Willow looked at me and I knew that she was remembering that she hadn’t been to a nudist beach so I added,

“And daddy will be taking us to nudist beaches somewhere around the Mediterranean this summer, it will be great won’t it Willow?”

Willow smiled.

“So,” I continued after taking another bite out of my apple, “either of you 2 going to start dressing like Willow or Laura, or even me? It’s good fun and it feels ‘nice’, if you know what I mean, having all those boys and men teachers looking you; isn’t it Willow?”

“Yeah, I keep getting wet.”

“I don’t know.” Hailey said, “I mean I don’t know if I dare; I’m not as brave as you two. Does it run in your family this exhibitionism lark?”

“I guess so, daddy’s put lots of nude pictures of me up on the walls at home, and he’s said that now Willow is getting older he’s going to put some of her up too; isn’t that right Will?”

“I do wish that you wouldn’t call me that sis, you know that I don’t like it.”

“Sorry Willow, I’ll make up for it later.”

“Oooow.” Laura said, “what are you 2 going to get up to?”

“Nothing.” Willow replied.


“I wish that Mr. Devine would tell me to get naked.” Laura said.

“Me too.” Willow added.

“Maybe you should be ultra-naughty and he’ll strip you on the stage and spank you while everyone watches; like he did with that boy.” Scarlett said.

“Maybe you should just ask him to order you to come to school naked.” Hailey said; “it looks like he’s done that with Vanessa.”

“I don’t know that I dare.” Laura said. “Besides, my mother would have a heart attack.”

Willow stayed quiet, but I knew what she wanted.

“What about you two Hailey and Scarlett, would you like to have to be naked in school?”

I saw Scarlett blush and I smiled, having a good guess what she was thinking.

“Maybe.” Hailey said, “I guess that it would be like a bigger version of being in that communal shower; and I like that.”

“Scarlett; what about you?” Laura asked.

“Yes.” Scarlett quietly said.

“I knew it.” Laura said, “I’ve watched you in the gym changing room and you really flaunt your naked body when we’re getting changed. I mean how many girls dry their hair at the mirrors when they’re still naked? And you always make yourself cum facing the boys when you shower.”

“I do not.”

“You do too Scarlett.” Hailey said.

“So what are we going to do to fix this girls?” Laura asked.

There was a short silence then the bell rang.

“What have you got now V?” Willow asked me.

“Geography.” I replied.


We walked out of the canteen, me next to Laura and the others in front of us. I heard Scarlett say,

“Your sister is quite mature isn’t she Willow? And how come she’s got a bit of a Welsh accent and you’ve got a bit of a London accent?”

“We moved around a lot with daddy’s job.”


Geography was err different; nothing like what it was when I was school, but I liked it then so it wasn’t too bad. All the kids were staring at me when I walked into the classroom and the teacher welcomed me then told me to find a seat. The lesson quickly went and when the bell went everyone got up and left but I heard the teacher call my name.

I changed direction and went to him.

“Vanessa, welcome to the school. The principal has explained your situation to me but quite frankly I don’t believe a word of it. I think that you are here just to be able to walk around without any clothes on in amongst all these people.”

“No, no sir, it isn’t like that and it was Mr. Devine that ordered me to stay naked all the time and I’m not breaking the school dress code.”

“Don’t interrupt me Vanessa. And you are right about the dress code but I find it hard to believe that Mr. Devine ordered you to be naked. You haven’t been naughty already have you?”

I opened my mouth to say that he did, but I managed not to say it.

“Regardless Vanessa, every time that you are in my class I want you to get here early so that you can get a seat at the front. I want to keep my eyes on you. Now off you go.”

My eyes had opened wide when he said ‘keep my eyes on you’; did that mean that he wanted to look up my legs to my pussy? I decided right there and then that I was going to get there first and give him the view that I think he wants.


I had to walk quickly to my last lesson of the day and just made it as the last person walked in. This human biology class was with year 13, the oldest kids in the school, apart from me that is, and I was expecting them to take the opportunity to explore my body in all its intricate details.

“Oh good you’re here Vanessa, I assume that you are Vanessa, I haven’t heard of more than one naked girl in the school although there are a few that are close to it; take a seat over there and we will get to you in a few minutes.”

He was pointing to a chair at the front of the room, facing the class. I sat there, legs not crossed, knees a few centimetres apart and waited.

I soon found myself daydreaming about stories that Jon and I have read about girls having medical examinations. 

When the teacher said my name I barely heard it and he had to say it again to get my attention. I quickly realised that my pussy was dripping.


“Okay Vanessa, now that you’re back in the land of the living, please come to the centre of the room and climb up onto the table.”

I looked around as I went and saw that there were about a dozen kids there, all looked to be around 18 years old. I saw big grins on 2 of the boy’s faces.


I lay lengthways on the table, with my knees just touching each other as I heard the teacher tell everyone to gather round. I decided to try to ‘switch off’ and ignore most of what the teacher was saying; I probably wouldn’t have understood some of it anyway.

Before I stared daydreaming again I heard the teacher say,

“I know that those of you who were born a female will have explored your own bodies and think that some of today’s exercises are pointless; but if you are going to be medical students you are going to have to get used to putting your hands on other people’s bodies and examining their genitals and other personal areas; so just do it. Oh, by the way, it will be the same for those born a boy next week when we get a male subject.” 

My ears perked up when I heard the last 2 words. Where was Devine getting a boy from to do what I was doing?


A minute or so later I heard ‘small breasts’ and then felt the teachers hand on my left tit. As he took my nipple between hid thumb and index finger I couldn’t stop myself letting out a moan.

“Oh gawd; he’s going to make me cum.” I thought.

He didn’t, well not right away. After poking, prodding my breasts and pulling on my nipples, he moved down to the bottom of my ribs and I vaguely remember him saying something about the number of ribs and myths then something about pubic hair before I felt his hands slowly part my legs.

He spread them so much that my feet were over the sides of the table. I wondered if he was going to keep going until they were at 90 degrees to my body; yes, I can still do that.

Then I felt his hand cover my whole pussy for a couple of seconds before I heard,

“Almost non-existent labia minora;” then something about “vaginal entrance being open.”

Then it was ‘clitoris’ and I felt my hood being pulled back and my clit being even more exposed.

I moaned again, this time a longer moan.

Then I heard something about some women being unable to, or unwilling to suppress vocal noises.

I moaned again as the teacher rubbed my clit whist hearing something about stimulation.

It didn’t last for long, not long enough to make me cum.

At that point I decided to pay more attention to what the teacher was saying, which was,

“And this is the vagina, it is a very flexible muscle and a doctor can learn a lot about the woman’s health by looking inside her vagina. Vanessa’s vaginal muscles are relaxed, hence the opening is open. In this case it is due to sexual arousal, another time that the muscles relax more than Vanessa’s currently are, is when the woman gives birth; but that is another lesson. 


A significant number of women get sexually aroused when being examined, but not many would admit to it. Vanessa’s vagina is not opened enough for us to see much inside her so doctor’s use a speculum to open it up.

Normally during a gynaecological examination, a vagina has not self-lubricated enough to allow pain free penetration of the speculum so a water-based lubrication like K-Y Jelly is used to facilitate easy access.”

There was a pause then as the teacher demonstrated expanding his speculum.

“Obviously, the speculum is inserted in the closed position then expanded. Don’t worry about how far you expand the speculum, it can only go so far, and the vagina can easily stretch much more than the speculum can open.

Dependent upon how far the patient’s legs are spread it may be easier to insert the speculum sideways then twist it round before opening it. With Vanessa’s legs being spread so far, and with the large amount of natural lubrication, the speculum will go in easily.”

I then felt it slide inside me and I moaned again; I was getting close.

Then I felt my vagina open then the breath of the teacher as he said,

“If you shine a torch into the vagina you will see the patient’s cervix. I’m not a doctor, but that looks like a healthy vagina and cervix to me.”

The feeling of the teacher’s breath and him talking about looking inside me was what sent me over the edge and my body shuddered then started jerking about as my orgasm arrived. 


As my body started to return to its normal state I realised that my vagina had ejected the speculum, and I heard the teacher say,

“For those of you who haven’t seen anything like that before, that was a woman having an orgasm. Not all orgasms are as intense as Vanessa’s just was, in fact an orgasm can be so mild that the woman can carry on doing whatever she was doing with no physical or vocal indications of what has just happened.” 

For some reason, those words embarrassed me and I felt my face flush.


“Okay class, that’s probably a good point to hand over to you and let you examine Vanessa in the same way that I have just done. In groups of 3 come up to the table and each 1 of the 3 take it in turns to perform the examination whilst the other 2 observe.”

Just then I saw a bay put his hand up. When the teacher asked him what he wanted he said,

“Is it right that girls don’t have pubic hair like us boys do? I mean all the girls that I’ve seen naked in the Showers at PE lessons don’t have any and when I’ve seen my little sister in the bath she hasn’t got any so I was wondering if there’s some biological reason that they don’t have any.”

Just about all the other students were quietly laughing or just smiling by the time the boy finished. The teacher coughed then replied,

“Well James, it may seem that way but females do grow pubic hair just like males do but most females choose to either shave it all off or trim it down to a minimum. Some choose to have it removed permanently like I’m guessing that Vanessa here has. Is that right Vanessa?”

“Yes sir.” I replied.

“Okay, in groups of 3 let’s get started.”


About a dozen times I was probed, prodded, squeezed, stretched and had eyes looking into my vagina. Thankfully, some of the kids were too shy or nervous to do all of the above as much as the teacher had and I didn’t cum a dozen times. I wasn’t counting but I think that I came 5 or 6 times; and only 3 of the times were as intense as the first time. I seem to remember that they were caused by 2 boys and 1 girl who lingered on the stimulation of my clitoris part a lot longer than the teacher had.


Although I tried to ‘switch off’ and pretend to be ‘just a piece of meat’, I couldn’t help looking up at the faces of kids as the examined me and watched close up. The expressions that I saw ranged from seriousness to lust to amusement to disgust to amazement to completely blank.

I hate to say it, but I was glad when it was all over, I was knackered, and a bit sore.


When the kids left the room the teacher came over and said,

“Thank you Vanessa, it’s not that often that I get the opportunity to let the students perform such an intimate examination and it should help them with their studies. I hear that you will be around for the rest of the semester so I will be seeing more of you although the examinations of the younger years won’t be as detailed.

Right, I’m going home now, take your time recovering and I’ll see you next time. By the way, I think that you are a lucky woman being able to have orgasms as intense and frequent as you just have.”

With that he turned and left, leaving me still lying on the table.


I relaxed for another couple of minutes them sat up and looked at my pussy. It was red and a bit sore but still in one piece. I was happy.


Getting off the table I went back to my locker to get my bag and car keys. The corridors were quiet as just about everyone had left to go home. I didn’t even think about my dress, it was going to stay where it was.

On the way I saw Mr. Devine. He was walking from the direction of the gym. When he got close he stopped me and said,

“Vanessa, good to SEE you, I hear that you entertained year 13 quite well, well done. Keep this up and you’ll easily get the grades that you want.”

“What!” I thought, “I’m not looking to pass any exams. Whatever.”

“That sister of yours has taken a leaf out of your book and has just done PE naked. She looked good too, and so did that friend of hers, Laura I think it is, although she wasn’t quite as brave as Willow. I’m sure that she’ll tell you all about it.”

As I walked out to my car I saw Willow leaning against it. She was wearing the clothes that she went to school in.

“Couldn’t be bothered to get dress V?”

“No, too tired. Those gyno examination are hard work.”

“I wonder if Mr. Devine will let me take over from you next year; assuming that you don’t come back that is. I think that I’d like to become a professional student if I can do what you are doing.”

“Let’s go Willow.”


Willow came down to eat naked and with her pink tail hanging between her legs.

“Hi gorgeous;” Jon said, “been letting strangers drive you crazy already?”

“Yeah, I like it.”

“And I bet that those men did too. Now, tell us all about your day.”

“Well, it was good. I managed to keep my balls in all day, even when I did gymnastics in PE again. All that running and tumbling made me cum but it was only a mild cum and no one noticed.”

“Good, so what did you wear for PE then?” Jon asked.

“Nothing.”

“Nothing” you mean you did it naked?”

“Not quite, I had my Ben Wa balls in my pussy.”

“Oh, that makes it alright then.”

“I thought that you would be happy if I did PE naked Jon.”

“I am Willow; I’m very happy for you. I was just joking. And did anyone say anything?”

“Nope; and they didn’t say anything about Laura doing it topless. She just wore the skirt that I shortened for her.”

“So she may as well have been naked as well then?”

“Yes, I suppose so, her skirt was up around her waist or ribs most of the time.”

“Why did she bother with it then?”

“I asked her that; she said that she wasn’t brave enough and that the skirt made her feel dressed.”

“If anyone had videoed it and shown it to her later I’m sure that she’s have decided that the skirt was a waste of time.”

“I’m sure that you’re right. I’ll see what she’s going to wear on Friday. My 2 other friends, Hailey and Scarlett are getting a bit braver; they did football and they only wore T shirts that they borrowed from their dads. Scarlett fell over a couple of times and gave the teacher an eyeful.”

“Probably more than watching us in the showers because Hailey said that Scarlett’s legs were wide open when she fell over.”

“It’s a pity that it wasn’t Shirts vs Skins then they could have joined the Skins team.”

“What’s Shirts vs Skins? Oh I get it. Maybe I should play football.”

“So, did anything else exciting happen?”

“No not really, Mr. Devine came and watched us when we were doing our gymnastics and then again in the Showers, he really is a pervert.”

“Just because he likes looking at teenage girl’s bodies doesn’t make him a pervert Willow. If it did I would be a pervert.”

“Oh, I didn’t think about that, I guess that he’s just a normal man then. But I’d still like him to tell me to be naked in school.”

“You seem to be doing that anyway.”

“Not all the time.”

“Just building up to it slowly are you? Anyway, remember what V told you about teasing?”

“Yeah, I think that I’ll wear ‘strings only’ undies for PE on Friday.”

“Okay. V, tell us about your day.”

I told them everything that I’ve written above. Afterwards Jon said,

“Well you didn’t wait long to get naked all of the time that you’re there did you?”

“But Mr. Devine told me to get naked and stay naked.”

“You could have refused.”

“Like she would refuse.” Willow said; “she wanted to be naked in front of everyone.”

“Yes I did.” I replied.

“Why doesn’t that surprise me? I bet that Devine thinks that he’s died and gone to heaven.” Jon said.

“He will when I’m naked all the time and when I can talk my new friends into being naked all the time.”

“Now that I would like to see.” Jon said.

“I could invite them to a sleepover.”

“Good idea Willow, but get then naked at school first; then they won’t feel so bad about being naked here.”

“Okay, I’ll work on it. Can we get some more of those Lush vibes then we can have a competition?””

“I don’t think so but I’m sure that you’ll think of some way to get them to cum in front of me Willow.”

“Can I leave the table now please? I’m getting horny and if you won’t fuck me I guess that I’ll have to find some other way of relieving my agony.”

“All in good time Willow.”

“I wish that time would go quicker.”


After Willow had gone to her room Jon and I talked and he told me that he was happy for me to do whatever I wanted and if that meant fucking Mr. Devine then so be it. I told him that I don’t want to fuck Mr. Devine and that I wouldn’t let him fuck me.

He asked me what it was like to be naked in a school corridor with dozens of teenagers all around me.

“You know me Jon, I love being naked around people who wouldn’t expect to see a naked woman there. I suppose I was a little nervous when I first walked out of Mr. Devine’s office but that soon passed. I was a little horny too, and a little embarrassed; but those feeling soon disappeared and I just felt like it was normal to be like that.

Now in a classroom, that was different, the Geography was just like I had a dress on except when I noticed someone staring at me, then I got a bit excited. The PE was the same, even when I got groped by one of the boys.

The human biology was different. Those teenagers were there to look at my body and examine and touch it; that was good and I’ve told you what happened.

“The art modelling was boring even though the students were staring at me most of the time. My pussy wasn’t on display, not even my slit so it was just – boring.”

“Maybe the a teacher will put your pussy on display for the older artists.”

“If there’s anyone in the art class who’s seen and examined me in human biology then it will be different; I’ll look at them and remember what they did to me. That should get me going.”

“It would be nice if you could cum in front the older art students V.”

“Yes it would; do you remember when you sent me to night school to learn about computers and to be an art model? Now that was fun; the things that that art teacher made me do; now that was amazing. I can’t see that happening at this school.”

“No, you’re probably right but you cum so easily, maybe it will happen.”

“Yes I do don’t I? And Willow seems to be like that as well. There should be some liquid or pill that makes women cum as easily as we do. I’m sure that it would sell well.”

“Yes,” Jon replied. “You’ve got that yoga class after school tomorrow haven’t you V? Are you still going to go to it now that you’re a proper student at the school?”

“I’m only part-time; and yes I’m going. Willow might join us again too. Maybe Mr. Devine will come along and watch us again. Maybe he’ll come and talk to us whilst we are in the shower again.”

“If he does, make sure that you’re rubbing your pussy while you talk.”

“Yes Master.”


I had to tell Willow to take her Lush out and switch the computer off when I went to bed.



Wednesday

It was a pretty normal start to the day, Willow wearing a see-through skirt and top, except that when we left, I was naked, although I did put a dress on the back seat of the car just in case I had to quickly get dressed for some reason.

Willow decided not to wear her Ben Wa balls that day.


We arrived at school just as 2 school minibuses arrived and Willow and I walked in with Laura, Scarlett and Hailey. I seemed to attract the attention of the boys who hadn’t seen me the previous day and I got some rude comments from 2 of them. I guess that they were feeling brave because they were outside the school.

We went off to the lockers and I watches as Laura got changed into one of Willows see-through dresses. Hailey and Scarlett both rolled the top of their skirts so that they were as short as Laura’s and Willow’s; Scarlett rolling hers too much at first, accidentally showing us her bald slit, before she unrolled the skirt one turn.

The 3 of them went off to their first class and I had a free period headed to the library. Not that I wanted to read anything, or do any homework; just because I had nothing to do.
 
I hadn’t been there long when Mr. Devine came in.

“Ah there you are Vanessa; I wanted to SEE you.”

I stood up so that he could see all of my front.

“Will you be going to the yoga class at the end of the school day?”

“Yes sir.”

“And will your little sister be joining you?”

“Probably, she didn’t say that she wouldn’t, and besides, she has nowhere else to go until the yoga is finished.”

“Do you know if she brought her PE kit with her today?”

“She didn’t. If you want her to do yoga naked like me sir, just tell her. She likes to be told to take her clothes off.”

“I can see where she gets it from.”

“In fact sir, if you want her to come to school naked just tell her. She’ll do it; we can both ride here naked when I’m coming and you’ve already told me to come to school naked sir.”

“From what I’ve heard you did a lot of cumming yesterday.”

“Yes sir.” I replied and actually blushed a little.

“And when she comes here on the school bus she can get naked as soon as she gets on. She rode home naked on the bus on Monday after the boys told her to strip.”

“Did she now; I hope that the boys didn’t hurt her.”

“Oh no sir, she can take care of herself, she grew up in London; all those knife gangs and the likes. Willows friends, Hailey and Scarlett, may have to come to school naked as well, IF you tell them to. I think that they may have to wait until they get here to strip because their parents bring them but I’m sure that they’d stay naked all day, IF you told them to sir.”

“Interesting, I may have to make it a punishment but I’m sure that I can think of something. Anyway, back to the reason why I came looking for you.”

“Oh, wasn’t it to see me naked sir?”

“You have a free period now so I came to ask you to help me move some boxes.”

“Okay sir, it isn’t like I’ve got anything else to do until the art lesson starts.


He led me back to his office and he pointed to half a dozen cardboard boxes. They looked like document storage boxes.

“I need to get them up onto that top shelf and need you to go up the steps so that I can pass then to you.”

I looked at the boxes, then the steps, then the shelf and then back to Mr. Devine. He was soo transparent. He could have done the job himself in a couple of minutes; but hey, if he wants to play that game then I was quite happy to play along.

I moved the steps along to where I knew that I’d have to stretch then climbed up them. He picked up a box then came to me and stood half behind me. His head was right at the height of my butt.

I half turned to take the box from him then turned to put the box on the shelf. As planned, I had to stretch sideways and in doing so took one foot off the steps and put my foot on a lower shelf.

As I lifted the box I realised that I could see in to it and that it had lots of memory stick in it. All were in little plastic bags and I saw 1 that was labelled ‘Showers’ with the previous day’s date. I wondered if there were some hidden cameras in the showers. 

I looked down and, as expected, he was still behind me, holding the steps and looking up at my butt and, by then, quite wet pussy.

“This is fun.” I thought, and lingered for a few seconds before asking for the second box.


This repeated itself until all the boxes were up on the shelf.

When I climbed down the steps I was thinking that he should just have told me to lie on his desk and he could have examined me like the human biology students had done the previous day.

He looked a bit hot under his collar when I got to the floor. He thanked me and told me that I could go back to my studying. I almost laughed.


I went back to the library and thought about the videos. I wondered if I could get my hands on any of them because I was sure that Jon would like to watch all the teenage girls showering and playing with their pussies.


The art lesson was just as boring as the previous one. Okay I didn’t have to cross my legs but I did have to keep my knees together.


I sat with Willow and her 3 friends at lunch and during our conversations I told Hailey and Scarlett that Willow had told me that they both played football only wearing one of their father’s T shirts. They confirmed it so I asked them if they’d enjoyed the experience.

They both said that they had and Laura added that Scarlett really had because she’s fallen over a couple of times and really flashed her pussy to the teacher.

“And you enjoyed that?” I asked.

“Of course.”

“So will you be doing it again?”

“Probably.” Scarlett replied.

“Yeah.” Hailey replied.

“So why don’t you come and do gymnastics with me and Willow?” Laura asked; “that will give you great opportunities to flash you pussies.”

“I don’t know; I’m not very good at gymnastics.” Scarlett replied.

“Neither am I.” Laura said; “but I sure do have a lot of fun and I get really wet.”

“Okay, let’s try it on Friday. Okay Hailey?”

“Okay Scarlett.”

“And you’ve got to wear just a baggy T shirt.” Willow added.

“Okay.” Both Scarlett and Hailey replied.


My English lesson was boring; well apart from me sitting on the front row with my knees spread wide. The young woman teacher kept looking at my legs and I could see that she was getting all hot and bothered. I decided that she must be a lesbian.

At the end of the lesson she told me to hang back and when we were alone she asked me if I’d got a boyfriend or a girlfriend. When I told her that I sleep with both a boy and a girl she looked surprised and said,

“At the same time?”

“Yes, it’s a big bed.”

“Okay, off you go, I wouldn’t want you to be late for your next lesson. And try to always sit on the front row Vanessa.”

I smiled and said that I would. As I walked out I decided that I was going to diddle my clit during the next English lesson.


My last lesson was PE and I got to the changing room in time to see a late arrival boy get changed. I saw his semi as he pulled up his shorts with no underwear. I smiled and thought that this no knickers thing is spreading to the boys.


It was a nice sunny afternoon so I decided to play football with the 9 boys that wanted to play. I’m useless at football but I’d be outside in the sun.

There were a few collisions where hand found my tits.


The showers afterwards were the same as the previous days only this time the same girl asked me if I wanted any help soaping myself. I said that I did and after doing my back she massaged my tits and then my pussy, much to the delight of the 4 hard cocks that were watching. 

I stopped her just as I started to cum because I didn’t want to have a real knee trembler that day.

Then I returned the compliment and made her cum. She was a bit more vocal than I was.


As I was getting dry the other yoga ladies arrived. The ladies got changed into the leotards and we all went in to the gym and got started.

Mr. Devine arrived shortly after Willow and I heard him tell her to take her clothes off and join in. Guess what she did.

He watched us for a while then disappeared.


As we were walking to the changing rooms one of the ladies said to me,

“You do know that there are some cameras in the changing room don’t you? That’s why all of us wait until we get home to have a shower.”

“Really; I guess that it’s for security reasons.” Was all I replied.


After all the ladies had left I opened my bag and got out both our Lush vibes.

“Ooow goods, I can drive myself crazy on the way home.” Willow said as I passed hers to her.

“Put it in and switch it on; I want us both to cum in about 4 minutes.” I replied. 

We did, and as we started our showers I asked Willow to look around to see if she could spot any cameras.

“The dirty old perv is videoing everyone showering?” she asked.

We spotted 3 possible cameras, but it is so difficult to tell these days because they are so small and can be hidden in almost anything.


As the warm water pounded down on us we were both thinking about the videos when in walked Mr. Devine.

“Ah, glad I caught you girls; have you both had a good day?”

He stared at us both as we soaped ourselves and tried to answer his stupid questions. I was just rubbing some shampoo into Willow’s hair when both our Lush vibes suddenly went from a gently purr to really hitting us.

Shampoo forgotten, we trembled, giggled, jerked and moaned as the vibes took control of our bodies. I really do wish that they had invented those things when I was Willow’s age.

Through the haze and numbed brain I still managed to see Mr. Devine was still there watching us cum for him. That made it even more exciting.


Orgasms over and both of us back to normal, Mr. Devine said,

“Those pink things really are amazing aren’t they? I’ve never seen girls orgasm quite like that before.”

“They sure are.” Willow replied.

He continued to watch us and make pointless small talk as we finished showering and got dried. He left us just as we finished and Willow started to go to the gym to collect her clothes.

She came back empty handed again and at the same time we both said,

“Devine.”

“I guess that there will be 2 naked girls driving home today.” Willow added.


At our evening meal I had more to tell than Willow. She’d flashed a couple of teachers but that was about all. I, on the other hand, told them both about what fun I had and about the cameras.

Willow promised not to tell the other girls about what we’d discovered.



Thursday

Another day that started with Willow complaining that Jon won’t fuck her to wake her up while she comes and watched Jon wake me by doing just that.

She came down to breakfast wearing just a cute, strapless slightly see-through dress, one that is easy to pull down and step out of. Jon told her that she look amazing, which she did.

I watched her walk down the drive and was pleased to see those 2 boys that had walked her from the bus stop to our drive. I wondered just why they waited for her when they saw her, but I was glad that they did.


As soon as Willow got home from school Jon whisked her off for her first swimming lesson. He said that he wanted to take her to find out what the pool and the quality of the teaching was like.

When they got back we ate and Willow told us about her day.

Apparently, as soon as she got on the bus the boys started shouting,

“Off, off, off.” So she did, and rode to school naked with the boys taking it in turn to grope her tits and between her legs, as much as they could with her sat on the bus seat.

The same had happened on the way home.

“Carry on Willow, tell me about swimming.” I said.

“When I got home I had to quickly put a dress on, grab my swimming costume and a towel and run out to the Jon’s car.

The pool looked nice and modern and we were met by this huge woman who talked to Jon a bit and asked me if I’d had any lessons before. I told her that I’d had a few at school in London but there were about 20 kids to each instructor and I didn’t learn much.

“Okay, no problem, go and get changed and I’ll put you with one of my best instructors; he’s taught lots of kids how to swim.”

Jon led me into the men’s changing room. When I asked why he hadn’t told me to go to the girl’s changing room he said that the kids always go into the changing room of the parent that brought them if they need any help.

Well I wasn’t going to complain, I didn’t need any help to get changed but I might get to see some cocks and some boys or men might get to see my tits or pussy.

I didn’t see any cocks but 1 boy watched me getting changed.

I’d taken one of those thin, mesh, sleeveless leotards, one that covers my butt and I could see my nipples through the material. I leaned forwards and could see my slit through the material as well.

Smiling to myself, I followed Jon to the side of the pool a cute young man came over to us. He introduced himself as Reggie, he was wearing red swimming shorts with a nice bulge in the front.

He was really nice and talked to me very softly. He put these arm band things on my arms and I’m sure that he was looking at my tits as he did that.

He asked me if I was happy to jump into the water and when I said that I was he got me to do it 3 times, each times he grabbed my arms as I went in.

The leotard got even more see-through when it got wet and I had to swing a leg up onto the side to get out, right next to where Reggie was standing in the water. He must have been able to see my pussy, especially as the material disappeared between my lips.

Anyway, the lesson went well. At one point Reggie was holding me up under my belly and chest, but I was on his arms not his hands.


When I got out at the end of the lesson I stood on the side waiting for Jon to come and get me and I saw about 3 men staring at me.”


Jon later told me that he and some of the other dads had moved close to where I was and that one of the dads had said,

“Do you think that she knows that it’s see-through and that she’s got a front wedgie?”

Jon told me that he’d said that it didn’t matter because I was only a kid.

“She’s got little tits that I can see, and I can see her pussy.”

“She’s a kid.” Jon had replied.


“In the changing room I peeled the leotard off and Jon sent me to get a shower. There were 2 older boys there and they stared at me as I washed my hair and rubbed soap all over me, pussy as well. They still had their swimming shorts on but I was naked. They were still there when I finished and I’m sure that they watched my butt as I went back to Jon and got dried and dressed.”


I interrupted Willow then and told her how to waggle her butt from side to side when men are looking. She got up and walked round the room doing it, saying that it was her sexy walk.

“You should look at some videos of girls doing sexy dancing Willow.” Jon said.

“I will.” She replied.

Willow then told me that the woman who runs the place had stopped them as they were leaving and told Jon that I was doing very well and that as I didn’t show any signs of fear of the water and that as I could already float I should be able to swim on my own in a few weeks.


After we’d finished eating Jon went out to his workshop, saying something about bikes while Willow and I cleared up.


   