      
      Part VI
      
      Susan and Lisa spent some time just sitting with their 
arms around each other after the finger fucking given to 
Susan by Lisa.  Susan remained naked and Lisa remained 
clothed while they talked.  For some reason, both were 
content not to pursue further sex right at that moment.  It 
gave Lisa time to think and Susan felt like the stillness 
gave more meaning to what she'd shared at the hand of Lisa, 
it was a time of reflection and bonding.
      Lisa left with the acknowledged determination to talk 
to her boyfriend James to try and figure out if he was 
willing to join in sexual games with Susan and Charles.
      Two nights after her afternoon tryst with Susan, Lisa 
was lying on her back, her legs spread with James's cock 
sliding slowly in and out of her with a steady rhythm.  
She'd been fantasizing about her recent adventures and 
realized that the sex with James needed to improve.  It was 
nice, but occasionally, as she'd so lustfully proven, she 
wanted more than nice.  Sex was supposed to be fun, and it 
was, but why not make it as fun as possible?
      She whispered in James's ear, "That feels nice."
      "Yes, real nice."
      "What do you like better?  When I suck you or when you 
fuck me?"
      Hearing her ask that gave James a charge.  They never 
talked much in bed and hearing her ask if he liked her to 
suck him or fuck him was exciting.  "I like them both."  
His hips speeded up as his excitement increased.
      "Well, I wish I could do them both at once but I 
can't."
      He laughed and moved his hands beneath her, cupping 
her ass and pulling her towards him as he thrust.
      "Hmmmmmm."  She liked the little surge of energy.  "I 
think you like that idea.  Being fucked and sucked at the 
same time."
      "Too bad it is impossible."
      "Well, just imagine.  Think what it would be like to 
have me like this and another lady between our legs, 
licking your cock as it goes inside of me.  Would you like 
that?"
      What has gotten into her? he wondered, but, with 
another surge of excitement.  He moved faster and spread 
his legs, separating her legs even more as his thighs 
pressed against her, thinking what it would be like to have 
someone there.  "Baby, you are turning me on."
      She moved her hips faster against him.  "Oh, so you 
kind of like that idea, do you?"
      Okay, he thought, she wants to talk, I'll talk.  James 
was always careful with his lovers.  Too careful some of 
them would say, not realizing that he'd had a real bad 
experience just before he turned twenty that made him let 
every lady lead in matters of sex.  He did not want to step 
over any boundaries that he could not see.
      "Oh, and would you like that?" he asked.  "Another 
lady licking us there while we fuck?"
      "I think I would.  It would feel very, very good."
      His cock kept up a steady, unrelenting rhythm inside 
of her.  She felt the rising tension that would soon crest 
into an orgasm.  "Just thinking about it," she said, "is 
going to make me come."
      "You are full of surprises."  Hearing her say she was 
going to come started the tightening that would lead to his 
own orgasm.
      "And," he asked, "are you thinking of someone in 
particular?"
      She put her arm around his neck and pulled his head 
close, moving her hips faster and feeling her breasts 
against his chest, sliding with a thin film of perspiration 
between James and her.  For a moment she was detached from 
their sex and wondering if she should take the next step, 
start them down a road leading to James's knowledge of her 
desires, and maybe knowledge of her participation in sex 
with Susan and Charles.  But, she knew where she wanted 
this to go.
      She put her ear right next to his.  "Susan.  I'm 
thinking of Susan between our legs licking your cock and 
holding it as it slides in me."
      He started to come.  She felt the surge in him and the 
rapid, almost erratic thrusts as he sought release.  Her 
body responded and her climax began to grow, cresting as he 
came inside her with hard thrusts.  He would push into her 
and pause, slide out and push into her again.  Finally with 
a moan he put his hands under her ass and held her close as 
he sought to have his cock as deep inside her as possible 
as it pumped his semen into her.
      He lay down by her side and she nestled next to him, 
enjoying the heat and the scents and the dampness that 
surrounded them in bed.  
      "I think you liked that," she said with a laugh.
      "God, whatever made you bring that up."
      She just laughed.  She wanted to say: because I fucked 
Susan and Charles and I want to do it again and have you 
watch and I want to watch you fuck Susan and want to fuck 
you and suck Charles or vice versa and I want to lay under 
you like Susan did me and watch your cock in her pussy and 
take you out and taste her off you and maybe Charles could 
be tonguing me while I did that and I want to spread myself 
in front of everybody again.  But, instead she said, "Just 
a little fantasy, dear."  And laughed again.
      She probably could have hooked up with Susan and 
Charles again that next weekend, but Lisa felt like she 
owed it to James to decide whether he would join them or 
whether, well, whether she and James needed to break up.  
She didn't love James, not like "be true forever" love, but 
she didn't want to live a lie with him.  The things with 
Charles and Susan had been so spontaneous that she did not 
feel that it was cheating.  Doing it again would be planned 
and, if it were to happen while James thought she was 
exclusive to him, would feel like cheating.  She didn't 
want to do that and would break up with James if necessary.
      A few nights later she did the things she did to let 
him know that she wanted him to take her to bed.  He 
started in the way he always did.  He lay down next to her 
and gently kissed her and started to caress her.  She 
relaxed, enjoying the slow attention, but her mind was 
already racing ahead.  Soon, her thoughts had her mind and 
her body pushed beyond the desire for gentle.  She wanted 
to get fucked.
      Her kiss became harder.  She opened her mouth and 
pressed it hard against his.  She sucked at his tongue.
      James realized that something different was going on 
with Lisa this week.  It scared him in some ways.  Was he 
not satisfying her?  Was he moving too slow?  He knew he'd 
lost other girlfriends for that reason.  But Lisa was being 
aggressive here, surely he could respond safely.  He stuck 
his tongue in her mouth, letting her suck on it.  He sought 
her tongue out.  He pressed hard against her until it felt 
like his lips were bruised.
      They moved almost as if they were battling to see who 
could kiss the other hardest.  His hand was behind her 
head.  Her hand went to his cock and squeezed.
      "I need to get fucked," she said.
      "Good.  Me too."
      Quickly they removed their clothes.  He tried to roll 
over on top of her, but she pushed back and said, "No.  My 
turn."
      He lay on his back and she moved over to the top of 
him.  Her legs straddled him and she slid her pelvis back 
and forth, seeking to feel his hardness and seeking to make 
sure he felt the wet, warmth of her.  She bent over him and 
kissed him, allowing her nipples to be stimulated by his 
chest.
      "What's gotten into you lately?"  As he said it his 
hands moved to her hips to grind her harder against him, 
making sure she realized he had no complaints.  He could 
actually feel his cock and stomach becoming wet as her 
pussy slid over him.
      "You're going to get into me.  Sometimes I like it 
slow, sometimes I like it hard.  Sometimes gentle is nice, 
sometimes I liked to get fucked.  Tonight I want to get 
fucked."
      He pulled her close and sucked a nipple into his 
mouth, taking as much of her breast into his mouth as he 
could.  His hands circled behind her ass and clenched.  For 
a moment she thought his fingers would slide between her 
cheeks and she moved, trying to give him access to her ass.
      "I think you like the idea of fucking me."
      "Oh, yeah."
      "My pussy is wet."
      "I can feel it.  My cock is hard."
      "I can feel it.  Do you want it in me?"
      "Yes.  God, yes."
      "In my pussy or in my mouth?"  She almost said, or in 
my ass, but just couldn't do that.  Yet.
      "Where ever you want it, babe."
      "I want it everywhere."
      "Well, you're gonna have to pick one."
      She slid down his body, her breasts trailing over his 
chest, then separating as they slid around his cock.  She 
rubbed back and forth there for a moment.  He arched his 
hips toward her.  "Or, maybe you just want to fuck my 
tits."
      She slid on down, taking his cock in her hand and 
stroking its length while holding the tip of him against 
her cheek.  She could smell the rich scent of him.  She 
nestled down to the juncture of his right leg and his 
torso, seeking the warm aroma of his skin.  His cock lay 
against her face, the tip caressed by her hair.  Her hand 
pressed his cock against her face and her tongue touched 
him there, right at the top of his leg.  Pushing her tongue 
through his hair and licking him felt sexy to her.  Nasty, 
she thought to herself with delight.
      "That feels so good," he said.
      She just made a happy noise and pressed his cock 
harder against her cheek.  She laid her hand flat against 
his cock and rolled it back and forth against her face.  
She could feel his scrotum soft and fluid against her hand.  
She trailed her tongue across him, feeling the round 
firmness of his testicles beneath the skin.  He spread his 
legs seeking to give her head more room to tongue him 
there.
      She licked him lower, seeking to lift his balls on her 
tongue.  Her hand slowly pumped him, sliding the soft skin 
over the swollen muscle.
      Her tongue moved to the underside of his cock and 
trailed slowly up.  She felt the change in texture just 
beneath the crown of his cock.  His skin was smoother there 
and as it became wet from her tongue, she could imagine 
nothing slicker, nothing smoother than that tiny patch of 
skin.
      She made the tip of her tongue as pointed as possible 
and slid it up the slight furrow that led to the opening at 
the tip of his cock.  She could actually feel the opening 
separate as the tip of her tongue pressed him there.  
Suddenly she had a wild thought.  She wondered if she could 
fuck him there with her clit.  She pressed the tip of her 
tongue against him, trying to penetrate his cock.
      He moaned and tensed his legs, trying to hold 
absolutely still and let her abandon lead to where ever she 
wanted it to go.
      Her mouth moved to the tip of him with lips pursed as 
if to kiss.  Slowly she opened her lips, imagining for a 
moment that the lips of her mouth were the lips between her 
legs.  She kept her eyes closed and concentrated on the 
feeling of her lips opening for his cock.  She slid her 
mouth around him, swirling her tongue around the tip him.  
Her hand continued to hold him and stroke him.
      She imagined him coming then, his cock surging, his 
balls emptying of sperm, his muscles contracting to push 
the fluid into her waiting mouth.  She imagined his sperm 
ejaculating into the waiting heat of her mouth.  That 
thought caused her to take him in her mouth as deep as 
possible.  She had never deep throated anyone in her life.  
She'd never actually thought about it before, but she slid 
as far down on him as she could, wanted his cock to take 
her deep.  She would have taken him into her throat if 
she'd known how.
      She slid her mouth up and down his cock several times, 
until suddenly she became aware of the need for him between 
her legs.  She rose up and straddled him.  Using one hand 
to balance herself on the bed, she used the other to guide 
his cock to where she was wet and open for him.  She slid 
down on his cock quickly, wanting to feel him deep inside 
her.
      His hands moved to the top of her thighs, his finger 
splayed around her hips.  He arched his back seeking to 
drive himself into her.  She leaned forward.  He thought it 
was because she wanted her nipples in her mouth and leaned 
his head toward her to do that.  She, however, was 
oblivious to her breasts.  She'd leaned forward to put 
pressure on his cock inside her.  She wanted to feel the 
length of him filling her.  She wanted to press her clit 
against him and relieve its insistent urge for stimulation.  
She moved her hips as rapidly as she could, making the 
ancient rhythms concentrate at the juncture of his cock and 
her pussy.
      She sat up, wanting to press him as deep as possible.  
One hand went behind them to grasp his balls and pull them 
up against her ass.  She pressed them against her, feeling 
him between her cheeks and against her asshole.
      "You're going to make me come," he said.
      "Good.  Come in me.  I want to feel it."
      She actually felt him swell.  He moved to meet the 
thrusts of her hips.  That pushed her over the edge and she 
climaxed, turning liquid inside, shuddering and throwing 
her head back from the sheer intensity of the orgasm.
      Her orgasm, and the fact that he actually felt her get 
wetter, pushed him over the edge.  He pumped his release 
into her, crying out as the wave of his orgasm crested, 
feeling like an avalanche of nothing but sensation wracking 
his body.
      As they both came down from the high of their orgasms, 
she laid down on top of him.  His cock lay warm and wet 
inside her.
      "Wow," he said.
      "Yes," she said, with the smugness of a woman who 
knows her power.
      "Were you having fantasies again?
      "That wasn't a fantasy, dear, that was real."  She 
said that before realizing that he asked about fantasies 
because her mention of another woman was still on his mind.  
"But," she said, "what fantasies were you enjoying?"
      "You took all thought away."
      She laughed, and said, "Yeah, I know what you were 
thinking about.  You were thinking about having another 
woman in bed with us."
      "No.  Really, I wasn't thinking of anything but how 
good you felt."
      She moved off of him and lay close by his side, her 
hand idly holding the weight of his flaccid penis.
      "You know I don't mind you fantasizing while we fuck.  
Don't worry about it."  
      "I don't worry about it.  You didn't give me time to 
fantasize about a thing, but if it makes you feel better, 
next time I will."
      She laughed.  "Oh, you will, will you?  And what are 
you going to fantasize about?"  She crossed her leg over 
his and pressed her heated and very wet pussy against his 
leg.
      He took a chance.  "I'll think about you and Susan, 
okay?  I'll think about having both of you naked.  I'll 
think about her licking my cock while it is sliding inside 
you."
      "Hmmmm.  Would you like both of us to suck your cock 
together?"
      "Oh, yeah.  I'm not stupid."
      "You'd like two tongues on you, huh?"
      "Yes."
      "What else would you like?"
      "Well . . ."
      "Would you like to watch her lick my pussy?"
      He swallowed and wondered again what had got into 
Lisa.  Whatever it was, he was enjoying it.
      "Yes.  Would you enjoy that?  Having her lick you?"
      "I just might."
      He leaned back and lifted his head to look at her with 
a raised eyebrow.
      "Well, I might.  Do you have a problem with the idea 
that I might like to have Susan lick me?"
      "Nope, not me."  He put his head back next to hers.
      "What if I wanted to lick her?" she asked quietly.
      He raised his head back up and looked at her again.  
"There are definitely things about you I never guessed."
      She laughed.  "That's me.  Full of surprises."
      "But no, if you wanted to lick Susan, I guess, well 
gee, I'd just have to watch, wouldn't I?"
      "Oh, you could do more than watch.  Maybe you'd enjoy 
fucking me from behind while my face was between her legs."
      She felt the surge of blood to his cock.  So did he.
      "Lisa?"
      "Well, would you like that?  Have me on my knees, 
fucking me while Susan was spread in front of me?"
      "Oh yeah."
      "Or maybe, maybe you'd enjoy fucking her and watching 
her lick me."
      His cock was rising beneath her hands, reacting to the 
pictures her words painted in his mind.
      She laughed, and said, "I think your cock likes the 
idea."
      She stroked him harder and harder.  She was wet.
      "Get behind me."  She raised up and got on her knees.
      He got on his knees behind her.  Her face rested on 
the bed, her hips were raised and her legs spread apart.  
He could see her pussy, slightly open, her lips swollen 
from her desire.  It looks completely different this way, 
he thought, somehow sexier.
      He held his cock and slid it up and down her slit.  
His other hand rested on her waist.  He enjoyed this.  He 
enjoyed sheer animal fucking.  Because of his past he was 
always careful with women, but Lisa was taking him places 
he usually only imagined.  She moved her hips in a circle, 
seeking, without rushing, to feel his cock against her.
      She reached back with both hands and putting one of 
her hands on either side of her ass, she spread herself for 
him.  He looked down and could see the darker skin of her 
anus and the folds of her skin that led to the opening of 
her sex.  He pressed the tip of his cock into her pussy.
      "Yeah, fuck me."
      He pushed into her, watching his cock slide into her.
      "I'm watching my cock slide into your pussy."
      "I wish I could see."
      "It looks real sexy."
      "See, if you were fucking Susan, I could watch."
      He laughed.  "Anytime you want to give her a call, you 
have my permission."
      She laughed.  "Fuck me now.  Think about her legs 
spread right here in front of me.  I'd spread her pussy so 
you could see her while you fuck me."
      It did not take long for the two of them to climax 
again.

