The Making of Jenny is Copyright (C) 2013 Jennifer Johnson, All rights
reserved. Please do not distribute this story without this message. 
- jenny4@ducksfeet.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This work involves consensual and non-consensual interracial sex between teens 
and teens, teens and adults and teens and horses as well as forced feminization 
and transformation. 

If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Making of Jenny, Part 6: Jenny Takes a Trip
	After an exhausting day being a new girl, Jenny is preparing for a trip.

I woke the next day with a smile on my face. David didn't try to fuck me or put 
his dick in my mouth. Not that I minded David's advances. 

I sat on the bed and looked for my cigarettes. My Marlboros were replaced with 
Virginia Slims. I guess David thought they were more girly. 

"David!!! What about John? He said he got something for me at Loretta's but I 
was sposta get it today!" 

"Oh don't worry. Albert will tell him you have to go with me today. He will 
understand."

"Get dressed, Jenny. Its gonna be hot out there. Make sure you wear a bra tho, 
kiddo. There's a big purse in the closet, you'll need your juice, makeup and 
somewhere to put your smokes. Make sure you have a change of clothes, just in 
case." 

I had never had a purse before. I found a white top with spaghetti straps in my 
new clothes along with a white cotton bra and a pair of light pink shorts. The 
bra was a bit bigger than my boobs but the smaller cup bras didn't fit my 
budding breasts. I put on some white ankle socks and some white sneakers. I put 
on some eye shadow, blush and lipstick. Even tho I had never really put on 
makeup before, it seemed OK. 

I put the rest of my makeup in the big purse and took my cigarettes off of 
David's nightstand. He handed me a couple more packs and then the brown jars. 
There were five of them. 

"David, why are there five jars?", I asked.

"We might have to stay over. Roger and I sometimes drink too much beer.", he 
lied. 

"Now, drink this.", he finished, handing me another jar. 

I drank it down. He grabbed a large duffle bag and I my own bag and we drove off 
towards Elk Grove. I had a vague idea of where it was, I had been there once a 
couple years ago, but wasn’t sure how far it was. 

After about 90 minutes we turned off the freeway and headed east. At the end of 
the road we went through a gate which David locked behind him. Along the dirt 
road we were one there were cows fenced in, grazing in the field. The grass 
hardly had any green left in it, in the late California spring sunshine. We 
drove for another half an hour. We approached a large house along with some 
stables and fields surrounded by white wood fences. In the driveway there were 
a few horse trailers, and several cars. The cars didn't seem out of place 
considering how big the place was. 

A large, tanned, white guy with blonde hair came out wearing a chambray shirt 
and blue jeans with some really nice looking cowboy boots. He was a little 
taller than John but muscular. He looked to be about 40. 

"Hey man, good to see ya!", He greeted David, "Is this your new girl? She's 
prettier than I thought."

He turned to me, "What's your name, young lady?" 

"Jenny", I told him. 

"You like horses? We have a lot of them here." 

"Well I think so. They are very pretty. I rode one once but it didn't go very 
well."

"Where was this?" 

"Oh at camp in the summer." 

"Those horses tend to be pretty bored. Same trail day in and day out. They see 
the same people only they look different, know what I mean? Kinda like zoo 
animals compared to the real thing."

"Grab your stuff and come inside. We'll go see them in a little while if you 
like." 

We went inside and cooled off with some lemonade. David and Roger talked about 
old jobs they had and other stuff that didn't interest me. 

David opened his bag and took out a camera. 

"Hey we should take some pictures of you while we're out in the country. Put on 
a little more makeup so it shows up on the camera." he said. 

I grabbed my purse and Roger showed me to the bathroom. I closed the door and 
put on some darker eye shadow and eyeliner, and some darker lipstick. 

When I stepped out of the bathroom I bumped into a chubby woman Roger's age with 
really big hair. 

"Watch it, you clumsy bitch.", she yelled, "I don't know why I put up with Roger 
and David's little tramps all the time. At least Roger's not fucking them" she 
added trailing off the other direction down the hall. 

When I returned to the living room where Roger and David were, Roger apologized. 


"That's my wife, Sarah, she's got a bit of a temper. Don't mind her. She is 
going off to some friends' today anyway.

You wanna go see the horses?" he asked. 

"Yeah that's cool." 

"Let's go." 

I followed him and David out to the first stable. 

It took a few moments for my eyes to get used to the dark of the stable despite 
there being lights inside. There were stalls going either way from the door, 
and an open area inside the door with a loft above. 

There was a horse in the open area. He seemed a little startled, like he had 
just been caught doing something he shouldn't. He was a chestnut stallion with 
a white blaze on his forehead and white socks on his feet. 

"Socks, what are you doing out of your stall? Well it's OK, I have a new friend 
for you.", Roger said, "Jenny, why don't you go introduce yourself to Socks."

"Approach him calmly and talk quietly to him, scratch his neck right at the 
base." 

Gingerly, I approached Socks saying quiet sweet nothings to him. When I 
scratched his neck he made a couple exaggerated nods and nickered a little. As 
I scratched his neck he pressed his head against mine and nickered again. He 
was so pretty! 

Socks started pushing me back towards some bales of hay. He kind of had me 
cornered and he started pushing down on my shoulder with his head. When I tried 
to pull away, he nipped at my shoulder and I fell back and he pushed further 
forward. It was now that I realized his cock was hanging below him, angling up 
a bit. 

I tried to get up but pushed forward, leaving me under his shoulders. As I 
continued to struggle up he pushed forward more with his cock aiming toward my 
face. 

His cock was over a foot and a half long. It was thick at the head but huge at 
the base. His balls hung heavily, silhouetted in the bright sunlight streaming 
in from outside. Unlike the men that abused my mouth and throat the night 
before, Socks could hurt me without even trying. I was panicked. 

"Calm down, little girl", David said, "If you give him what he wants he wont 
hurt you." 

"Wha-what does he want?"

"You know what he wants! He wants a blow job!" 

David and Roger laughed as David snapped a picture. 

Roger added, "These stallions are breeding stallions but we just collect their 
semen and send it off to be used to inseminate mares. They get a little 
restless without any real sex. The tech that collects the semen is a small 
young lady. Because of this the horses get really horny around young girls. We 
could never get her to do this and, frankly, a teenager like you fetches more 
money for the pictures and films we will make.

Now the best thing to do, Missy, is get on your knees and give him head. I hear 
it tastes a lot like grass at first. Now get going. We don't have all day and 
there are other horses to be dealt with." 

It didn't seem like I was in much of a position to argue. Socks was gonna have 
me whether I wanted it or not at this point. I was on my hands and knees and 
got up so I was sitting on my knees a little. Socks knew what was going to 
happen and backed off just enough to let me up. 

"OK, now grab his dick, but be gentle. You wouldn't want yours grabbed real hard 
either. Stroke it and lick the head. Hell David tells me your a champion 
cocksucker so I'm sure you know what to do."

I found myself embarrassed at that statement and blushed a lot. I pulled Socks' 
cock to my mouth and stroked it a little. It wasn't hard like a man's cock but 
I could feel his pulse in it. I opened as wide as I could and just barely fit 
the head in my mouth. Roger was right it did kind of taste like grass. His head 
was so big, though, that it was pretty much all that I could get in my mouth. 


It was clear I was going to have to do this so I figured I'd do my best to get 
Socks off. I sucked Socks cock head and pumped his cock and he started 
thrusting slightly. He started squirting precum into my mouth and with the head 
so tight in me it pooled at the back of my throat. Between the precum and 
pheromones he was giving off I felt dizzy and lurid. The constant pressure of 
his cock at my throat made it open enough that the precum went down. I 
swallowed hard as Socks kept thrusting. He got more enthusiastic and was now 
rocking me back and forth on my knees. 

He pushed so hard the head of his cock pushed into my throat a little. Socks now 
pushed hard into me; I had to hold his cock to keep from falling back. He 
whinnied loud and stomped a hoof and my throat was flooded with cum. It was so 
far back I couldn't even taste it. I had to swallow fast or drown. I kept 
swallowing and swallowing and there was so much cum. Roger came over and pulled 
his cock out of my mouth and Socks kept cumming now on my face and chest 
covering my top and shorts. 

In one burst Socks pumped more cum down my throat than all of David's friends 
did that night combined. He was still cumming and I was soaked in it! Socks 
finally finished. He nickered and licked my face and sauntered off. 

David told me to take my clothes off but leave my panties on. He and Roger took 
me out the back door of the stable and turned on a hose. 

"Sorry, kid", Roger said, as he blasted me with cold water. Between being super 
horny now after the horseplay and suddenly cold from the water that must have 
come straight from the arctic, my boobs stood out a lot more and my nipples 
even more. 

"I think she got a good dose, but, let her do Winston and we'll call it a day.", 
Roger told David. 

They ushered me back to the stable and to a stall. In the stall there was a 
beautiful white stallion. He was a little bigger than Socks and was already 
ready for me. He danced a little until his stall was opened. Once the door was 
opened he calmed down a bit and Roger led him to the open part of the stable. 
Now I was nearly naked and Winston licked my face and chest. 

"Sit on your knees like before, you know the drill." 

David laughed, "Yeah he's gonna drill her ain’t he?" 

I sat under Winston like I did Socks and took his cock the same way. He wasn't 
as thick as socks and I could fit a bit more in at first. Wanting to get this 
over with, I sucked his cock a little harder and faster while I pumped his 
shaft. Winston thrust harder than socks and pushed his cock well into my 
throat, gushing precum and nickering and snorting. He didn't last as long and 
the cum came in torrents. Again I swallowed hard over and over trying to keep 
from drowning. This time, David pulled his cock out of me so he could cum on my 
face while Roger took more pictures. David pumped his cock a couple times but 
then Winston broke free and rubbed his flowing cock against my tits and kept 
shooting cum on my face and tits. It was hanging off my nose and chin, dripping 
off my nipples. I was now sitting in a pool of the stuff. All of this Roger got 
on film. 

I sat back sputtering and choking on cum.

Roger told David "I think she's had it."

"You OK, girl?" David asked me, "Can you do another? I mean it's either today or 
tomorrow. You're gonna have to take care of all these horses." 

"Huh?", I asked, "How many horses?"

"There's nine. I'd like to get them taken care of this week before Rachel comes 
back on Monday. They're too restless and randy now. They were pretty calm with 
you but they might hurt Rachel when she doesn't do what you do for them." 

This was horrible. I mean, Socks was kinda cool and I did feel a sense of power 
getting that magnificent cock to cum in (and on) me. Winston was a little 
different. I didn't think I could do another, much less 7 more horses. 

"Can we go home?", I pleaded to David. 

I guess I looked a bit wide eyed and glazed. Roger and David exchanged glances. 


Finally, David said, "Let's get you cleaned up. We're gonna have to stay the 
night. While Roger hoses you off I'll get your other clothes and we'll put 
these in the wash." 

David left me there with Roger who took me out back again and washed all the cum 
and hay off of me. 

"Sarah and her daughter wont be back until tomorrow night. You can stay in 
Dakota's room. I'm sure you want to spend the night alone." 

David returned with my bag and told me to get dressed. I put on a different pair 
of shorts and a t-shirt. As we left the stable I heard some murmured voices. It 
was almost like there were people watching. 

Roger showed me Dakota's room. She must have been very young. The room was done 
up in pink and white and the bed had a canopy. There were lots of little 
dollies and stuffed animals. I felt a lurid twinge about this room. I had 
always wanted a room like this but could never tell anyone. 

Dakota had a little TV. in her room and while I didn't want to watch the various 
Disney flicks in there, I turned it on and lay on the bed on my stomach. David 
came in with two of the brown jars on a tray with a sandwich, some chips and a 
coke. 

"I guess you want to be alone? It's OK. Look, you will understand this better 
soon. I can't really ask you to trust me after all of this but trust me anyway. 
If you don't come out later, have a good night. Sweet dreams."

The enormity of the last few days fell on me like a ton of bricks. I wasn't sure 
what to think anymore. David told me he wouldn't hurt me and Albert said the 
same. Really they didn't hurt me but this shit was just too weird. A thought of 
running away came to mind, but to where? We were so far out in the country I 
had no idea where and how to get anywhere else. I couldn't call the cops. Now I 
had a pretty good set of boobs. Well for having once been a boy. This must have 
been from the juice. Just like Loretta said... Loretta... John!! 

Oh man I wasn't going to see John again tomorrow. 

This really hit me and I sat and ate my food. I didn't drink the juice. I would 
have poured it out but I didn't want to even go in the hall to the bathroom. 

I thought about John again and cried myself to sleep. 

It was dark and quiet in the house when I woke. My stomach was in knots, I was 
in a lot of pain. Awkwardly I wandered into the living room and David was 
snoring on the couch. 

"David, wake up man, I am hurting, I am really sick. I think all that cum you 
guys made me swallow has made me sick. David!! Wake up! You gotta get me to a 
hospital." 

He sat up sleepily and muttered, "You didn't drink your juice, that's all. Drink 
your juice and go back to bed." 

"But this is serious, man, this isn't just juice. I think I have cum poisoning 
or something." 

"Dammit kid, it's the juice. You can't handle all that cum without the juice. 
Now drink it and go back to bed. You'll be fine." 

He laid back down on the couch with his back to me and started snoring again. 

I went back to Dakota's room and drank the juice, doubtfully. I did feel a 
little bit better but my stomach was still turning somersaults. I went to the 
bathroom to pee and on my way out I noticed my boobs were still even bigger. 
Without measuring I would say nearly a C cup. 

When I got back to the room, I took my shirt off to see my boobs and they were 
bigger. My nipples were little darker and the dark area around them was a 
little bigger. It seemed I had more of a waist and looked like I dropped a few 
pounds. My face seemed smaller and it was definitely softer. The haircut 
Loretta had given me fit my face even more. I found a hair scrunchie on 
Dakota's dresser and pulled my hair back in a ponytail. I have never had enough 
self esteem to think much of my looks but now I thought I looked cute. 

I turned the light off and tried to lay on my stomach on the bed but my boobs 
were too sore. I had to take the ponytail down to lie on my back. My stomach 
felt settled again and I drifted off to sleep. 

Roger came in and woke me. "You need to get up, kiddo, you have work to do. 
Don't worry, it wont be so bad. Come on out and get some breakfast." 

In the kitchen there was the smell of sausage and coffee and pancakes. I was 
really hungry as I had barely eaten anything the day before other than a 
sandwich some chips and what seemed like 80 gallons of horse cum. This made me 
giggle to myself. 

"Hey now, there's my girl! Glad to see you're feeling a bit better! Roger's got 
some great coffee and this sausage is pretty good but I gotta warn you he makes 
the worst pancakes in the entire state of Northern California.", said David, Oh 
yeah, you will need this."

He handed me yet another brown jar of juice. 

I got a cup of coffee, putting a lot of sugar and cream in it. 

Roger laughed, sarcastically, "Girls! Always gotta have it sweet."

I ignored his sass and sat down at the table. Roger put a plate with some 
sausage, eggs and pancakes in front of me. I drank some coffee and pushed the 
brown jar aside.

"I wouldn't do that, white girl, you know what happened last night." 

I groaned and drank it down and had some more coffee. I wolfed down my 
breakfast. 

Roger laughed again and said, "Hey, she seems pretty eager this morning, maybe 
she wants to get an early start. Did you bring that movie camera?" 

"Right here in my bag", David said, "Always ready." 

I hid in Dakota's room with a hope I wouldn't have to repeat yesterday's 'work'. 
I knew this was pointless as David and Roger had their agenda. 

David knocked on the door, "Got these for you", he said, handing me my 
previously cum soaked clothes, now washed, "put on some makeup. Look good for 
the camera" he finished with a laugh. 

I put yesterday's clothes on but I left the bra off because it was now too 
small. I took Dakota's scrunchie and tied my hair up in a ponytail again. 

I came out and asked Roger, "Do you have anything I can sit on in there? That 
floor is hard on my knees." 

"We have some blankets out there. You ready?" 

I nodded and he looked to David and said "Let's go." 

The sun was bright like the day before but it was earlier and cooler. The big 
doors of the stable were in the shade this early. It was pretty dark. Roger 
turned on some bright lights and went into a storage room and got a thick 
woolly Mexican blanket. 

"Here this will help your knees. David? Set up that movie camera over there. 
I'll be right back, Jenny." 

David told me to relax. "If you're nervous the horses pick up on that and will 
get skittish too. If you don't relax they could hurt you." 

Roger came out leading the biggest horse I had ever seen. He was a large 
Clydesdale. All black. I could practically stand under him without stooping. 

"Wroughtiron here is pretty gentle even though he's huge. Don't worry, kid. 
Besides, Roger tells me you like big black cocks and Wroughtiron's got the 
biggest one you've ever seen. My heart was beating fast but I don't know if it 
was fear or excitement. Perhaps a bit of both. Wroughtiron's cock was already 
hanging down out of his sheath and he was getting excited. I couldn't believe 
the size of his cock. It was over 30 inches long and he wasn’t hard yet."

"There's no way, guys,", I cried, "this isn't gonna happen. I could barely take 
Socks' cock and this one is giant. I can't do this!" 

"You might be surprised. If you can't take him, jack him off but make sure you 
get most of his cum in your mouth.", Roger said. 

I started to cry, "Man this thing is gonna kill me!" 

"No he wont kill you. Just relax and take it easy. That juice does amazing 
things.", David added. 

Doubtfully I put the blanket down and got on my knees near Wroughtiron. He was 
so big he just stepped over me. He seemed patient. His cock had pulled back a 
little and they told me to reach up and coax him out a little more. 

"Put your mouth around his cock head", Roger told me. 

I closed my eyes and tried but really couldn't get it in but Wroughtiron started 
getting hard fast and instead of pushing me back his cock pushed into my mouth. 
It was huge and he kept pushing. No thrusting just a strong steady push. I 
opened my eyes and was dismayed that his cock seemed to be close to three feet 
long now! 

I tried sucking a bit more but it was so huge I could do little more than house 
the head in my mouth. Wroughtiron, not to be denied, pushed more and more. He 
started thrusting and I was so stuck on his cock I was now being tossed like a 
rag doll. Wroughtiron didn't seem to care, he just kept pumping me back and 
forth, his cock seeming to get thicker as he went. I couldn't breathe now and I 
flailed my hands wildly as I panicked. David snapped more pictures and 
Wroughtiron kept going unabated. His enormous penis was well lodged in my 
throat. I started seeing colors and felt light headed. 

Wroughtiron made a sound that almost seemed like a scream and pumped his load 
directly into my stomach. Torrent after torrent filled me. My stomach actually 
started to bulge and yet he continued with his flood of semen. I passed out, I 
guess from not being able to breathe. 

When I came to I was covered from head to toe in cum. David was slapping my back 
and cum was pouring out of my mouth. I was coughing it up and sputtering. God 
there was so much of this. I coughed so hard I passed out again. 

