He woke up shaking, panting, and drenched in sweat. Another nightmare. It had been two weeks since that horrible away mission, and while he wasn’t having nightmares every night, they were graphic enough that it felt that way.

He groaned and got out of bed, the covers already off, having been kicked onto the floor during his nightmare. He changed clothes and walked out of the bedroom only to run into his mother.

“Another nightmare?”

“How did you know?”

“I heard you yelling.”

“Oh. I’m sorry if I woke you up.”

“No, it’s fine, Wes. Does this have anything to do with what you saw on the bridge?”

“Yeah.”

“Maybe you should go talk to Deanna.”

“No. Actually, I’ve been talking to Will about it.”

No harm in telling her some of the truth. There was no way that he could go to Deanna. Will couldn’t either, and Wesley felt terrible about that, but there wasn’t anything he could really do about it. If either of them went to Deanna, they’d be busted.

“Well, as long as you’re talking to someone. Does he have someone that he’s talking to? Is he doing okay?”

“He actually does have someone he’s talking to, and most of the time you’d never know anything had happened to him. Will is strong.”

“I’m glad he’s doing okay. I take it you’re about to head off to the boyfriend since you can’t sleep.” That really shouldn’t have made Wesley blush, but it did.

“Yeah, I am.” His mom got that look on her face. The one he knew meant that she wanted to ask more questions but was refraining from doing so.

“I’m sorry Mom. I am. And it’s not that I don’t want you to know who he is, just not yet.”

“I know, Wes. See you tomorrow?”

“Yeah, goodnight.”

“Goodnight.”

He left their quarters and made his way to Will’s. He wondered, not for the first time, if Worf had something on his mother, and that was how he was getting her to leave him and Will alone. He wondered what his mother wouldn’t want getting out.

He got to Will’s, stripped out of his clothes, and was about to crawl into bed when he noticed that Will was thrashing and muttering. He was having another nightmare too. Will let out an inhuman scream and Wesley was on the bed trying to wake him up. Will woke up gasping for air, eyes unfocused.

“Will, you’re okay now. I’ve got you.”

“Wesley?”

“Yeah, I’m here.” He pulled Will into his arms and was surprised when Will rolled over, burying his face in Wesley’s neck and wrapping his arms around him. His body was shaking from the intensity of his sobs.

Wesley just ran his hands along Will’s back, soothing him and telling him that he loved him and that he had him and that everything would be all right. All Wesley could think about was the fact that this nightmare had definitely been worse than any of the other ones he’d had so far. Will hadn’t reacted this badly to any of the other ones.

He didn’t know how long they lay there on the bed together, but he knew it had to have been at least five minutes, when Will’s sobs finally subsided. He gave Will a few more minutes to collect himself.

“Talk to me, Will.”

“You had a nightmare too?”

“Yes.”

“Tell me about it.”

“There’s nothing to tell. It’s the same one it always is. It’s always you in that room, being whipped. You aren’t going to get out of this Will, now tell me about your nightmare.”

“It was so bad, Wesley.”

“I know. It’s okay now. It was just a dream.”

“It was you Wesley.”

“What?” Will had spoken so quietly that Wesley wasn’t sure he had heard him correctly.

“It was you, baby. You were in my place this time.” Wesley froze but didn’t say anything. He started stroking Will’s back again when Will started talking.

“You were the one that was being starved and beaten. You were the one that was being poisoned. You were the one that was being whipped, and it gets worse. Because you’re so young and pretty, they…they took advantage of you.”

Will was crying again, his words coming out on broken sobs.

“They never did that to me, so I don’t know why that was even in the nightmare.”

Will was shaking again, so Wesley held him tighter, keeping up the soothing strokes on his back, whispering words in his ear. Wesley wished he could do something more for Will, but this was something that Will was going to have to get through on his own. Sure he could talk to Wesley, and that probably helped, but he needed to talk to someone else. Someone who wasn’t Wesley.

“Hey Will, maybe you should talk to Guinan since you can’t talk to Deanna. I think you should talk to someone who isn’t me. You need help that I can’t give you.”

“That’s actually a really good idea, Wes.”

“I just want you to feel better. I hate seeing you like this.”

Will shifted so they were face to face.

“I know, and I’m sorry you have to see me like this.”

“Don’t be sorry for something that you can’t help.”

Will kissed him then, so softly and sweetly, but soon they became more urgent and demanding, and it gave Wesley an idea. He pulled out of the kiss, made the lights brighter, and rolled Will onto his back, straddling him.

“It’s your turn, Will. You always ask me what I want - well, what do you want?”

“I want whatever you want.”

“No. Tell me what you want, even if I haven’t done it already.”

“Wes, I can’t ask you to do something you aren’t ready for.”

“Will, I want to do this for you. I want to make you feel good. I want to take care of you.”

“You talk like that and I think you already know what I want.”

“Yeah, but I want to hear you say it.”

“Fine, I want this,” Wesley yelped when Will grabbed him, “inside of me. Is that what you wanted to hear?”

Wesley just looked down at him. It wasn’t that Wesley had minded what Will had just done, but there had been so much anger in Will’s voice. He knew Will was upset about the nightmare, which is why Wesley wanted to do this for him, but that was no reason to treat him like he had just done.

“Shit. Wes, I’m sorry. Come here.” Will wrapped his arms around Wesley and pulled him down for a kiss. When they broke apart, Will was looking at him, eyes shining with joy and excitement, exactly what Wesley had been hoping for.

“Are you really going to do this Wes?”

“Of course I am. Anything for you.”

He leaned over to grab the lube, and made his way down Will’s body where he paused. He licked his lips nervously. He hadn’t done any of this yet for Will, and while he knew what he was supposed to do, he was afraid of hurting Will, and afraid that it wouldn’t be good for Will.

He felt a hand on his wrist and looked up to see Will smiling at him. He tried to return the smile, but he knew it looked forced, and he could feel the heat rise in his face.

“Wes,” Will started softly. “You’ll be fine. I’ve done this enough times to you that you know what you’re doing. Just use lots of lube and don’t rush.”

There was so much love shining out of Will’s eyes, that when Wesley smiled this time, it definitely wasn’t forced. He was about to lube up his fingers when he thought of something else. He hated to do it, but he knew it would work better for them this time.

“This is going to be easier if you’re on your knees, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, probably. But don’t worry. You’re going to have a great view of what you’re doing, and trust me, you’re going to love that.”

Will rolled over onto his stomach and pushed up to his knees. Wesley moved behind him, and his mouth watered at the sight in front of him. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad thing to do it this way after all.

He dropped the lube down next to them and ran his hands along Will’s back, resting them just above Will’s ass. He couldn’t resist. He leaned in and bit down hard. Will groaned and rocked back against him.

He lowered his hands and spread Will’s cheeks, running his thumbs along Will’s hole. He may have read up on the various things they could do when he and Will had gotten together, and he knew what he could do now for Will. He wanted to, even if he hadn’t yet had the experience of Will doing it to him first. This was something he could do without hurting Will.

He leaned forward and licked at Will’s hole, tentatively. Will arched and gasped.

“Jesus, Wes!”

“Is it okay?”

“It’s better than okay. I’m just surprised, that’s all.”

Wesley went back to licking around the hole. It wasn’t really that bad, and as long as Will kept making those noises, noises he’d never heard before, he could keep this up for some time. He decided then, that Will needed to come this way first.

He pulled back from Will long enough to suck one finger into his mouth, wetting it thoroughly. He eased the tip in gently, leaning back down to use tongue and finger to gently loosen the muscles. Slowly he slid his finger all the way in.

He stretched Will as much as he could with one finger and removed it, replacing it with his tongue. He chuckled against Will as Will let out a stream of expletives, and pushed back into Wesley’s face.

He wanted to drive every last bit of nightmare from Will’s brain. He reached around to grasp Will’s cock, spreading the pre-come along the length, stroking him slowly, tongue still working inside of him. He knew Will wasn’t going to last long, he could feel him getting close.

“Oh fuck Wesley! Yes!”

Wesley worked Will through him orgasm, pulling away only when Will was spent. He looked down at Will and could see the fine tremors going through him from the intensity of the orgasm.

Even though Will was obviously still trying to catch his breath, he turned to look at Wesley.

“If you still want to Wes, I’d still like for you to fuck me.”

Wesley grinned at him and picked up the lube he had abandoned earlier and coated his fingers. He pressed one finger in, but Will was loose enough, so Wesley added a second finger. By the time Wesley added a third, Will was rocking back against him, so he curled his fingers, looking for the spot he knew would send sparks through Will’s body, the way it did to him.

He knew he had found it when Will arched his back and growled. He loved when Will did that. He made sure to stroke over it a few more times, both for himself and for Will. He memorized the texture and where it was located to make things easier next time.

Finally, he pulled his fingers out and slicked himself up. He pressed in slowly, allowing Will the time to adjust. He was so incredibly glad that they didn’t use condoms.

That had been a discussion back in the earlier months of the relationship. Wesley had never been with anyone, so he was clean. Will hadn’t been with anyone for a while, and he got tested regularly, and he was clean. And though Wesley knew he wouldn’t be sleeping with anyone else, he hadn’t been sure what Will had wanted. But Will had wanted only Wesley, so they had foregone the condoms.

He started a slow, steady pace, shifting until he found the angle that would best rub over Will’s prostate. Will groaned when he did.

“Right there, Wesley. Right there.”

Any control that Wesley might have had snapped at Will’s words. He pounded into Will and could feel his orgasm beginning to grow.

“Will.”

“I know. It’s okay. Let go for me.” He could feel the movement under him, letting him know that Will was stroking himself, could feel the tightening in Will’s muscles, letting him know that Will was close.

He held on, and when Will went over the edge, the muscles around Wesley dragged him over with Will.

“Oh fuck! Will!”

His hips snapped and he shot into Will, collapsing on him afterwards. His muscles refused to hold him up on his own. Will chuckled.

“Do you think you can at least manage to roll off?”

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be.”

Wesley winced as he slid out of Will and managed to collapse on the bed next to him. He turned his head towards Will and saw him placing a towel over the mess he had made. He lay down and pulled Wesley into his arms. He leaned in for a kiss, but Wesley ducked out of it.

“Are you sure you want to kiss me after where I’ve been?”

Will just smiled and kissed him, pulling him in even closer.

“Thanks for taking care of me.”

Wesley smiled and closed his eyes, settling himself against Will for sleep.

“Wes. You said fuck.” Wesley snorted.

“Yeah, I suppose I did.”

“I take it the sex was good then?”

“Definitely. How about for you?”

“It was good, Wesley. I told you it would be.”

“And what about…” Wesley opened his eyes to look at Will and could feel the color rising in his face once more. Will laughed.

“I think you know the answer to that, Wes.”

“Maybe I do, but maybe I want to hear it.”

“It was good, Wes. Everything is good with you.” Will kissed him again. “Wes. I have a couple of questions for you.”

“Okay.”

“Would you mind staying here nightly? At least until the nightmares go away.” Will wasn’t looking at Wesley when he said this, and it looked like his was blushing too. Wesley huffed out a chuckle.

“Will, don’t take this the wrong way, but you’re really adorable. And of course I will.”

“Brat.”

“Yes, I know. Was there a second question?”

“Well, now I don’t know if I want to ask it anymore.”

“And I’m the brat?”

“Fine. If you insist. Do you think that around your birthday you could find a way to get away from your mother for a week?”

“Why? We can’t hide away here on the ship for a…shore leave?” Will nodded. “Wait, you want to spend shore leave with me?”

Will smiled at him and Wesley pounced, pressing kisses all over Will’s face and neck, leaving Will laughing.

“Is that a yes then?”

“Yeah, definitely. I’ll figure out something.”

“Good. I love you, Wes. Even if you are a brat.”

“Aw, so romantic, Will. I think I might swoon.”

“Keep that up and I’ll go on shore leave by myself.”

“No you won’t.”

“And you’re so sure of that?”

“Yep. You love me too much.”

“Yeah, I suppose I do.”

“It’s okay, Will. I love you too.”