Title: Hero's and Demons
Author: D-Ring
Author Email: Serversurfer@hotmail.com
Part: Chapter_1_of_3
Keywords: mf, 1st, demon, death, anal, oral
Redistribution: yes, with limitations (see below)
Short Summary: Hero dies and is offered a deal for the life of his friends

	\----------------<_|_>------------------/

Redistribution limitations: Just keep my name and email as the
author and I'm fine with any redstributing providing it is not
part of any profit based venture.

I know it's been a while since the start of the Eros series, but
I sort of got writers block, then one day at work a new story idea
popped up and here it is. It's going to be followed by another 
couple of stories, but before they come up the sites got to be up and
running. Please give me feedback, I only get very limited feedback
from the other stories, so I don't what I'm doing right and wrong.
Just drop me an email to so thanks, or to say what you think I could
improve (except spellings, I'm aware of those problems)
My email is serversurfer@hotmail.com

Now for our featured presentation

	\----------------<_|_>------------------/

The blow form one of the many swords attacking him hit his blade, 
no time to investigate the wielder, too many blows to block. Strike, 
thrust, block, block, dodge, block, and slice, the mantra flowed 
from his mind into the willing receptacle that was his body, it was 
the only thing keeping him alive.

A sword whistled overhead, but barely more than a hair's width. He 
riposted with cut to the belly. Another one fell, another took his 
place.

His sword was becoming heavier, as though it was made of concrete, 
his body felt as though it was pushing its way through deep water.

He noticed several men collapsing around him, but not from his blows 
but from exhaustion. He knew that his own end was near, but he would 
fight to the bitter end. He knew that the longer he though the safer 
his friends would be as they tried to escape.

His body started to fall and as if in slow motion he saw the blade 
that would steal his life, arcing its way towards him. What happened 
next took some time for his brain to comprehend the sword was stopped 
by a blue staff, then the staff countered ripping the blade from the 
owners hands. The staff the spun around causing everyone to an 
involuntary step back, those who didn't found themselves flying over 
the crowd to their deaths.

Holding the blue staff was a smallish man or woman shrouded in a fine 
mist of blue. Before he could get a clearer look he fell into 
unconscious.

	----------------<_|_>------------------

He woke with a groan, the fine blue mist surround him, but stirred 
into movement as if surprised by his awakening.

"H-hello," he said sitting up. His vision was blurred, but it was 
rapidly clearing up. All around him where bodies laid out in 
circles, each one in various positions indicating violent deaths.

"I recognised a hero," a soft feminine voice said, materialising 
from the mist into a gorgeous young woman, no a girl no more than 
fourteen, but she carried the blue staff like an experienced 
warrior. "I recognised a hero," she repeated, "Your friends are 
safe for now, thanks to this," she indicated with her staff the 
rows upon row of dead soldiers.

"Why?" he asked surveying his body for wounds, "Not that I'm not 
grateful, surely I would be dead if t'weren't for you," he said. 
He gave her body a long lingering stare, then chastised himself 
for not being able to control his thoughts. Despite looking 
mature in certain areas, namely her breasts, and the cunt was 
obviously shaved and not youthfully bald, she still looked only 
fourteen.

"I haven't saved your life, that is not in my power. You and the 
universe decreed that it was your time to die," she said softly, 
she paused to stare in his eyes he felt as though he was been 
hypnotised. "My master believes that it would be a waste to let 
your sacrifice to go to waste, so he sent me to save your friends 
and offer you one last chance for your soul to mean something." 
She smiled and it was like the overcast afternoon suddenly a 
whole summers worth of sun.

"How, why can't I just run, and live?" he asked barely half 
believing what this beautiful girl was telling him. 

"Don't be silly," she giggled, "You can't run. Where would you 
go, you're dead. My master's offer does not last long. In 
exchange for saving the life of your friends we get your soul," 
she ran a hand along his cheek, "but as an added bonus, we give 
you one of your most desirable dreams," she giggled, "me."

"Er, listen I think you got your info wrong, I'd rather die and 
keep my soul. I don't go in for paedophilia," He said as he got 
up. He dusted his clothes off and started to walk away. He few 
moments later he collapsed clutching at wounds he could not see.

"Well my sweet, you took the hard option," the girl said, but her 
voice had dropped a few levels, to that of a more mature woman, 
but not old. "That's unfortunate, my master really went to a lot 
of expense to help you, if you spurn him now, he'll have to 
reverse the time line, and that'll seriously piss up his day. To 
top it off your friends will die, slowly and painfully as this 
army track each one down and either kill them or make your friends 
wish they'd been killed. Now to stop all that happening, sell your 
soul, be the hero and have a good time in the bargain." She pulled
him back to where he was before. "Besides I can be anyone you 
want me to be, but I know deep down I know you like this body, 
enjoy eternal damnation will be yours no matter what you do, 
so try and enjoy it."

All he could do was struggle to breath.

"Oh yeah," she giggled returning to her former voice, "Your 
fixed again."

He gasped air back into his body greedily. "Go on then silly 
what's it going to be?"

"Okay, okay. I guess I ain't got nothing left to lose, what 
difference will it make if I've got a soul or no," he said 
as he resigned himself to his fate. Deep down he still wanted 
this intriguing girl before him. He got up and went to the girl 
and attempted to kiss, her but she dodged back.

"Not here silly, let's go back to my bedroom," she giggled.

He was starting to get annoyed, he was in a really strange 
place psychologically, hell he was dead physically it would 
never get much stranger. That one word meant something now, 
hell that is, never had he thought much in regards to how a
fterlife worked. 

"Turn around," she said, making a circle with her finger 
then she thrust the finger in her mouth and sucked on it.

	----------------<_|_>------------------

He turned around and as he did he was suddenly in a room. 
It was a very lavishly  decorated room, he guessed it 
belonged to the daughter of a noble. It had all the 
trimmings that would be expected, little wooden dolls, 
in soft plush dolls in petticoats. Silk sheets trimmed with 
pictures of teddy bears. Books appropriate for a young girl, 
assorted whips, he  had to look twice at the last series of 
objects, the whips.

"Well what happens next?" he asked unsure how to proceed. 
He imagined it was like the first time you visit a prostitute, 
he didn't know how to start, but she did. The girl ran and jumped 
up, landing in his arms, then she passionately kissed him, he 
staggered and landed on the bed with her in his arms. He started 
removing her top, she pulled at his shirt, and it somehow 
dematerialised. Has he fumbled with the buttons to her top it 
likewise dematerialised. She was now completely naked, he stopped 
marvelling about things that couldn't happen. His moved down her 
body kissing every bit he could, he moved to her large breasts and 
worshipped them like he'd never worshipped tits before. Bit her 
right tit, he enjoyed the way her body arced as he teeth sunk in, 
even though it was only lightly, he suckled on the left one, and 
was pleasantly surprised to find that she produced milk, but he 
stopped only briefly to taste, he carried on down her body, past 
her belly button, down to saved mound. 

She moaned as he started making circles with his tongue around her 
clitoris, he moved his tongue over every part of her sex, then he 
slowly and deliberately curled his tongue and pushed his way into 
her tight vagina. He made little thrusts with his tongue, she 
screamed with pleasure as he tongue fucked her.

She grabbed the back of his head, trying to stop him from leaving 
his worship of her, and he willingly obliged her every whim. Then 
he pulled back, his arced with a full force orgasm, her juices 
flowing powerfully, and lapped up as much as he could, then he 
kissed her, sharing her own juices with her. Then she pushed him 
over onto his back, then started moving down his body, she came to
his leather hose, but they vanished under her touch, she grabbed 
his manhood roughly, but he couldn't stop her. She licked around 
the head then push back the fore skin and then proceeded to worship 
his entire penis with her tongue, then slowly she engulfed it. It was 
hard for her to fit it in her mouth. He revels in the tightness of her 
mouth, as she starts to move back and forth on his head. She starts to 
push his dick further down her throat, fighting the gag reflex, he 
starts to thrust in time with her own efforts. His balls suddenly 
tighten, aided by the ministrations of her hands massaging them, 
he shot his load down her throat, and she pulled back so that it 
landed in her mouth and on her face. She licked up his cum greedily.

"Hmm..." she moaned. "I want you in me," she whispered greedily.

"You sure, your so small and I'm so big," he said getting into the mood 
of things.

"Hmm... I'm sure," she moaned.

"He got over her body and started kissing her passionately, he grabbed
 and rubbed her tits with his hands. Then he moved his hands down to 
her buttocks and massaged them.

He whispered in her ear, "I don't want you pussy, I've had that."

Then he lifted her read end up and violently shoved his dick into 
tiny anus, brutally stretching her sphincter, then started thrusting,
harder and harder. She screamed in time to his thrusts, barely having time
 to breath before a hammered into her. He revelled in her tightness, the 
feeling as his balls banged against her butt cheeks every time he penetrated 
her.

She started lifting to meet his thrusts, trying to get every inch 
inside of her, pain was becoming pleasure as she got used to the 
large member thrusting into her. Moaning now, she enjoyed the 
attention he gave her tits. He felt the urge come on him, he 
started he thrusting harder, then he let go and shot after shot 
of cum filled her bowels, at the same time she came, revelling 
in the orgasm that was shooting through her body.

Then he collapsed on her spent, she laid there and started to laugh. 
He rolled off and out of her. Then looked at her with horror as her 
face and body started to change, her smile, became sinister he teeth 
grew, her skin became scaly. Looking back he could only describe her 
as demon-esque. With out thinking he grabbed one of the whips, 
unfurled it and just as she jumped up in the air towards him, he 
struck out wrapping the whip round her throat and used it to pull 
her mid air to one of the ends of the beds, which she fell and was 
skewered by the bed post through the heart.

The demon screamed and squealed in agony, then erupted into flames.

Before he could comprehend what he'd done he found himself surrounded 
by flames, so he kicked his way through the door, and ran right back 
to the area he'd been fighting, dead bodies still unmoved. He grabbed 
some clothes, and armour, and a sword and set off running in the 
opposite direction to that of his friends. 

He was out of hear shot and sight when a fiery figure appeared and 
surveyed the scene, then looked at the dead body of one of his own 
demons, still smoking. "Run know warrior, but I have plans for you. 
Yes you will do me several great services before your soul is mine. 
You will repay me for the loss of one of my demons. You will rue the
 day you broke a contract with me mortal..."

