And now from Nancy's point of view...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 2 (MF, cons, exhib, oral, F-solo, M-solo, veg, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Three days previous, on Friday night...

Nancy was very upset again, but Del had heard her crying and came upstairs to comfort her. Bless him! she thought. If only she could have a son like him, so caring. As they sat on the living room couch, he accidentally made a double entendre about fixing a leak and got embarrassed. She put her hand on his shoulder, a safe expression of her unfulfilled need for loving physical contact. "It's okay, Del...you're such a good boy."

Then she looked down and saw the tent of his erection through his robe. Her brain cross-wired, her affection for the boy she had babysat years ago getting mixed up with the sexy, masculine form of the young man who was sitting so close to her, their robes the only things separating them...

She realized that she had started to squeeze his shoulder, and rose to her feet, her face flushed. Del rose, too, like a true gentleman, and she impulsively pulled him into a hug. She was very aware of his hard penis, so close to her vagina now...

"Thank you for checking on me," she breathed into his ear. Her body felt overheated, and she quickly broke the hug and headed back to her bedroom.

Her husband Michael was asleep, of course. She thought about trying to wake him up for sex, but he tended to get upset if his sleep was interrupted. She lay there next to him, feeling incredibly alone. Finally, she fell asleep as well.

---

Saturday night...

Again there was no nookie with Michael at bedtime, and he was going away for several weeks on Monday! The way he was acting, Nancy wondered if he was even going to miss her.

Then she thought about that nicely-shaped zucchini that she had bought just the other day, waiting for her in the fridge. Michael didn't allow her to buy sex toys, saying that he should be enough for her, but the gourd's phallic shape had attracted her eye. It was a vegetable, not a dildo, so she decided that it didn't count.

She was still dressed in the sexy nightie that she had worn when she had tried and failed to entice her husband, so she figured that she was dressed well enough. Her robe remained on the back of the door as she headed down to the kitchen. She grabbed the cold vegetable, ran it under some water, and then held the fridge-cold gourd to her chest to warm it up. Soon, she became impatient and moved it down between her legs...

There was a phantom sound, as if of a small intake of breath, and she turned toward the darkness of the living room. "Hello?" Had her husband woke up? she wondered. She headed into that room, but found it empty. She was about to turn back when she saw light from Del's basement suite through its slightly open door. Had Del seen her in her nightie? she wondered. She headed to the door.

"Huh huh huh..."

Nancy frowned. Was the young man exercising at this time of night? She paused for a moment, but then opened the door a bit. As she leaned over to peer down the stairs into the basement suite, she saw Del standing there, cock in hand, pleasuring himself.

Her eyes fixed onto his erection. It was thicker than she imagined, she figured more than 7 inches, and his fingers flew along the shaft. Then he grabbed a couple tissues from a nearby box and, grunting and gasping, blew his load into them.

Such a waste, she thought. She pulled back and returned the door to its almost closed position before she went over to the living room couch. She realized that this was where she had her first inkling of the size of Del's package as it pushed out his robe.

The zucchini was warm now. She lay down, pulled her panties aside, and thrust that gourd deep inside her very wet pussy. Thinking about Del's hard cock, so fresh in her memory, she came quickly.

---

On Sunday night, she convinced her husband to finally pay some attention to her. They weren't going to see each other for weeks, she cajoled him. He relented, and they went out to the local pub for wings and some drinks.

When they got back, both were tipsy. Nancy pulled Michael into their bedroom and began undressing him.

"Nancy, I don't think we sh-- oh, okay, that feels good..." he moaned.

She had pulled his 6" cock out and started sucking on it, a part of her mind noting that her husband wasn't as long as the young man in their basement. She took half of his member, sucked, pulled back, and then moved forward to take most of the rest of him.

"Oh, Nancy..." He began to thrust his hips into her face.

After another minute or so of fellating her husband, she pushed him back onto the bed and quickly removed her dress. In an instant, she was upon him. Growling, she angled his hard cock up and slid her wet pussy down onto it. "Yesss..." she hissed in pleasure. She was so lubricated that he bottomed out in her on the next thrust. "Yes, yes, yes..." she moaned as she rode him hard.

"Wait, hun, I...oh, shit..." Michael thrust up into her and she felt the warm liquidity of his cum shooting inside her.

"Noo..." she moaned as she switched to grinding upon him, trying to get enough stimulation on her clit to orgasm herself. Finally, she felt his member shrink inside her until she could derive no more pleasure from it, and lay down upon him, frustrated.

"Sorry," he offered, "I guess it's been a while."

'It's been a while,' not, 'You were just too sexy,' which had been his excuse for cumming quickly when their relationship was still fresh and exciting. She was unable to get him hard again, and so they got ready for sleep.

She dreamt of a faceless man on top of her, thrusting his bigger-than-average cock inside her fertile body, bringing her to the edge of ecstasy. Then he leaned forward and she could see Del staring down at her, his expression a mixture of pleasure and adoration.

She started awake and moaned. Even in her dreams, she was denied her orgasm. She was too tired to go downstairs and grab the zucchini again, and so she returned to a fitful sleep.

---

After breakfast on Monday, Nancy kissed her husband goodbye. Del quickly headed out for his classes, and she was left all alone. She was tempted to go for the zucchini, but had to prepare for her Gourmand party. An hour later, housewives from the neighborhood gathered to find out about the latest ingenious kitchen gadgets, interesting spice combinations, and savory soup mixes.

A couple hours later, after most everyone left, she was writing up the orders when her friend Trista sashayed over.

"So how's it going with the new renter?" the tall blonde asked.

"Del? Oh, he's fine...um, I mean it's going fine." Nancy's face reddened.

Trista sat at the table across from her and crossed her capri-clad legs. "He IS fine, isn't he? I mean, he isn't a hardbody, but youth is its own attraction, isn't it? Once men start getting close to forty, things start getting...droopy." She gave a moue of disappointment.

Nancy silently agreed, thinking of Michael's expanding gut. Then she had a moment of concern...Trista had been ogling Del? She told herself that she was being protective, but wondered if it was something else, something more primal. She shook her head. "Oh, Trista! Did you get tired of that last 'handyman'?"

Her friend gave her a toothy grin. "I think I ruined that boy for other women, but he graduated college and is off to wherever now...Texas, I think? God, could he get it up, over and over again. If I wasn't fixed, he'd have knocked me up with a whole litter of rugrats." She sighed, staring into space.

Nancy pointedly kept filling out the Gourmand forms.

Trista came back to the present. "Oh, speaking of which, how's it going with Michael for baby number one?"

Nancy's pen slipped and she had to scratch out her mistake. "We're still trying," she replied noncommittally.

"Been a while, huh? What?" Trista counted on her fingers. "Hm, almost a year now? You sure ol' Michael's not shooting blanks?"

Nancy slammed her pen down. "Maybe that's none of your business, Trista?"

The tall, leggy blonde got up, looking uncomfortable. "Oh, shit, Nance, I'm sorry." Then she hugged her friend around her shoulders. "Forget I said anything, huh?"

Nancy nodded, feeling the tears about to start again.

Trista broke off the hug and headed for the door. "But don't forget to tell Del I could use his help around my property! College students need all the extra cash they can get, right?"

Nancy waved and thought about it. Del and that maneater? She definitely didn't like the thought of that.

---

When Del got home, Nancy couldn't get the vision of the young man pleasuring himself out of her head. Had he seen her in her nightie, the sight of her body enough to inspire that level of excitement? Finally, she texted him that she was going out for dinner, and that he would have to fend for himself.

When she got back, she realized that she had drunk a little too much again. She had dressed in tight jeans and a nice blouse that showed off her midriff, and several men at the pub had bought her drinks, though of course she only accepted the ones that came straight from the bartender or server. She had never had a Long Island Iced Tea before, and it was now her new favorite, but boy did they go down easy.

When bedtime came, she felt alone in her empty marital bed. Come to think of it, she thought, it felt empty even when her husband was there, snoring away beside her.

She threw off the covers, donned her robe, and headed down to the living room. She could see Del's light was on under his door, but she dared not knock on it for fear of what she might do in her current state. She flicked on the light switch and sat down on the couch. Maybe some TV? she thought.

Then she heard Del coming up the basement steps, and what she did next would change their relationship forever. She dropped to the side, laying across the cushions of the couch as if she had fallen asleep there. She told herself that maybe he wouldn't see her lying there, but part of her hoped that he would, and then...? She closed her eyes and tried to control her breathing.

She heard the slight shuff of Del's steps approaching on the carpet and then realized that when she laid down, her robe had opened up around her chest and thighs, but it was too late to fix that...she knew he was there now, looking at her. She kept her eyes closed, pretending to sleep.

He was silent. She really wanted to peek, but with the light on, he would notice, wouldn't he? She wanted to hold her breath to hear any sound he made, but knew that she had to keep her breathing soft and even. She heard him shuffle closer. Was he looking at her bare boob?

"Nancy?" he whispered softly. She continued to breathe, in, out...

"Nancy?" This one was a loud whisper.

"Nancy." Not a question; it sounded like he was calling her out. Did he know that she was faking? In for a penny, in for a pound, as her grandmother used to say; she kept her eyes closed.

She didn't hear him move, but a shadow fell across her face. She was pretty sure that he had leaned over her, examining her half-naked body. Would he find it disgusting, like her husband? she wondered.

Then her face was no longer in shadow. A moment later, she felt the fabric of her robe slipping off of her thighs and hips. He was undressing her! How dare he? She almost sat up to give him a piece of her mind, but the excitement of the forbidden situation made her giddy. He hadn't actually touched her (yet!), just moved her robe. She decided that she would wait to see what would happen.

She heard the zipper of his jeans opening, and felt her heart rate increase, the blood rushing through her overheated body. Was he...? She cracked one eyelid, just a little, making sure to keep her body perfectly still.

Del was standing at the side of the couch, his eyes firmly fixed between her legs. His turgid erection was in his hands, pointed right at her as he quietly wanked himself.

She didn't even think. Her mouth was dry, and needed some...liquid. "You need help with that?" she asked as she lifted her head to regard him, smiling.

His eyes flicked back to her face.

"UNHH!"

She saw, as if in slow motion, his cock shoot a mighty spurt of semen at her. A moment later, she felt the hot cum splash against the fabric of her sheer panties.

"UHH!"

A second, smaller blast hit her exposed breast.

"UH!"

That one hit her upper thigh.

She stared at Del, his eyes wide in horror at the realization of what he had just done.

"I'm sorry! I'M SORRY!" He ran for the basement suite door, his jostling member flicking the last drops of his cum everywhere as he went.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)