The Morning After
by Perry Jones

Author Note: This story contains Spanish language. If the reader does not read or understand Spanish you have my apology.  That said, the reader should be able to put two and two together and get the gist of the story and enjoyment.



What made it harder to accept that view was that deep down, Estelle knew they were right.  All her life, the black haired woman had taken the safe path.  Even marrying Timothy Jones, her first real boyfriend in high school, had been an example of that.  Early in her teen years, Estelle had come to the realization that she would never be considered beautiful.  In fact, it was only her 38-inch bust that first attracted even Tim to her.  Their life together had been satisfying but never spectacular.

I wonder what time we finally called it quits?  Estelle thought as she closed her eyes and rolled onto her back.  The last thing I remember was Janet ordering another round about ten.   I dont even remember coming back to the room.

That she was nude under the single sheet on the large double bed told Estelle that she really had to have been out of it whatever time shed finally made it back to the room.  Even when at home, she never went to bed without at least a nightgown on.

After a few more minutes, Estelles head had cleared enough for her to face the day.  She began to sit up in the large bed, turning to the right as she did.  A sudden pallor flashed across her as she got the shock of her life.  She wasnt alone!

Oh my God!  Estelle exclaimed under her breath as she pulled the sheet around her naked form.

She was too scared to scream, which in the long run turned out to be a good thing.  It took a moment, but the 42-year-old recognized the person sharing her bed. She had seen him last night at the bar. He was one of the busboys and had cleared their table when they sat down and then again later in the evening.

Regaining her composure, Estelle leaned over and took a long look at the sleeping form. From the way the sheets hugged and outlined his anatomy, it was apparent that he was also naked. He was also, the older woman realized, not more than 17 years old.

Oh God, oh my God, Estelle repeated to herself.  What happened last night?

The young man slept on; unaware of the consternation his presence had caused.  He was cute; she had to say that.  He had short jet-black hair and light brown skin.  His exposed shoulders and upper torso were quite muscular, and she had no reason to doubt the rest of his body matched them as well.

Estelle was surprised at how quickly she was adjusting to the situation.  Maybe it was the after effects of the drinks. Maybe it was just the down feeling she had been experiencing lately. Whatever the reason, she actually felt a little excited at the thought that shed spent the night with this young man.  If only she could remember it. As she thought about it, more of last nights events came back to her.  Estelle remembered Janet joking about what a nice ass the young man had as he cleared their small table of way too many empty glasses.  Now, having a much closer view, Estelle saw that Janet was quite right.

Mmmm, the young man murmured as he shifted under the sheet, turning over slightly.

The edge of the yellow sheet rose as he rolled over, exposing more of his tanned body.  In fact, if he would move only an inch or two more, she would be able to check out his young manhood.

Well, its not as if I didnt see it all last night.  Estelle thought to herself as she took hold of the sheet and helped move it those crucial few inches.

Wow!  the 42-year-old exclaimed under her breath as the sheet fell totally off him. 

Even in his semi-erect state, the busboys cock was more impressive than her husbands erect. It had to be at least 7 inches and thick as a cucumber.

How could I have forgotten that? she asked herself.

The young man murmured something is his sleep that Estelle couldnt understand.  Then she remembered Maria talking to the busboy last night in Spanish.  He didnt seem to understand English too well.   She dimly remembered Maria saying his name was Toms.

Now what? she asked herself as she rolled back onto her side of the bed and propped herself up against the pillows.

Carefully Estelle considered her options, of which she figured she had three.  First of all, she could crawl out of bed, get dressed and leave. Hopefully the young man would get the hint and leave when he woke up.

Option two involved waking him up, thanking him for whatever happened last night and sending him on his way.  The problem with option two was the language barrier again.  But she was sure in a pinch she could get the message pretty well across.

Then there was option three.  Of her choices, option three had the dual distinction of being the most desirable and yet the most dangerous.  Since she had already obviously strayed from the safe path she had followed all her life, even if she couldnt remember it, she could make the best of it.

Later on, when she was thinking a lot more clearly, Estelle would be unable to remember what exactly caused her to pick option three. It could have been the anger she still felt at having been passed over for that promotion.  Or the frustration at having spent a lifetime playing it safe.  Or perhaps it was just the simple thought that the one time in her life that she had done something crazy and spontaneous, she had done it so drunk that she couldnt remember it.

Whatever the reason, Estelle would always clearly remember leaning over and taking the young mans cock into her mouth.

Oommm the older woman gagged as she tried to take all of his young manhood inside of her mouth.  He was much more endowed than her husband and her normal technique was just not going to cut it.

After a few tries, Estelle managed to take most of his cock without choking.  As she slid her tongue across his crown, wiping away the shiny drop at the tip, the dark-haired woman wondered for a brief moment how shed managed the night before.  Did being totally wasted make her jaw muscles a lot looser?

Quickly developing a new rhythm, Estelle banished thoughts of last night and concentrated on the here and now.  A sense of excitement filled her as she could feel the young man becoming even more aroused.   Whatever small skill at cocksucking she had learned in over twenty years of marriage now came into play as Estelle made oral love to a teen younger than her son.

Estelles heart raced as she slid his cock back and forth between her lips. Her nostrils filled with the rich scent of his maleness, making her feel even lighter headed than she already did.

Mmmmm, the young man moaned in his sleep, thinking perhaps he was having a wonderful dream.   Oh Modeste. Eso se siente tan maravilloso.  Quisiera que lo sigas haciendo largo rato.
(Translation: Oh Modeste. It feels so wonderful. I would like to follow making long while.

Taking his wholeness inside of her mouth once more, Estelle gripped the base of his cock and began to pump her hand in time with the movement of her mouth.  If Toms was anything like Tim at his age, Estelle knew he would soon explode like a cannon.

As her tongue moved back and forth, she could taste the first fruits of his coming eruption. If anything, the excitement of sucking a man other than her husband made her go even faster.

If she thought about it, and of course she was doing anything but thinking, it was unrealistic for Toms to remain asleep through all of this. As she first thought, the young man took the warm wet embrace of his cock to be that of a pleasant dream.  The memory of a brief encounter with a girl from school. Then as he felt his orgasm overtaking him, he suddenly realized that this was too real to be just a dream.

Madre de Dios, he called out as he opened his eyes and looked down at the naked woman sucking his cock.  qu me ests haciendo?

Despite the language barrier, what she was doing became evident a moment later as Toms exploded into her mouth.  Estelle continued to pump his cock, drawing every last drop of his come into her mouth.  She felt the rush of whiteness hit the back of her throat, exciting her to no end.  As fast and as often as he erupted, she swallowed it all even faster.  Finally there was no more for him to give and she reluctantly let his still semi-erect cock slide from her mouth.

Toms looked almost in a state of shock as Estelle moved back up alongside him on the bed. Whatever objection he might have had upon waking vanished in the wake of his ejaculation. The question on the older womans mind was - now what?

You dont speak English, do you?  she asked.  Ud habla ingls?  she repeated in what little she remembered of her last high school Spanish class some thirty years before.

No hablo ingles he replied as he looked at the naked woman sitting next to him. He sido solamente en su pas algunas semanas.

No hablo espaol muy bien  Estelle said, exhausting the only other full Spanish phase she remembered.

Watching his eyes move up and down her body, Estelle suddenly felt a little self-conscious about her age and her bodys reflection of it.

I guess Im as old as your mother. Estelle said, knowing that he probably didnt understand a word she was saying.  Hopefully Im not as old as your grandmother.  she added as she remember that in some countries women got married much younger than here in the States.

Toms might not have been able to understand all of her words, but it was almost as if he could read her mind.  He smiled and said just want Estelle needed to hear, even if she could only understand one word in five, his intent was clear.

Usted es una mujer hermosa.  the young man said.

Estelle remembered enough Spanish to understand beautiful woman.  She smiled back at him and said. And you are a beautiful young man.  I hope you understand that much.  Estelle said as she reached out and placed her hand on his smooth naked chest.  Im Estelle.

Qu nombre ms hermoso.  he replied as she ran her fingers back and forth across his skin. Mi nombre es Toms.

Well at least I remembered that much, Estelle thought as he told her his name. God, I wish I knew how we communicated last night.  Or did I just jump your bones.

Deciding that some things were universal, Estelle took one of Tomss hands and brought it up to her large left breast.  Rubbing his fingers against her nipple, she could feel it becoming erect.

Sus pechos son magnficos.  Toms said as he moved his hand and cupped the underside of her breast, feeling the weight of its fullness.

Moving closer, Estelle took his other hand and guided it between her legs.  Placing it against her hairy mound, she moved it back and forth.  As with her nipple, his fingers caused her tiny clit to grow hard.

Oh yes,  Estelle said as she felt his touch. Right there.

Like she had said, some things were beyond the needs of language as Toms began to work his fingers of their own accord.  Still working his fingers between her legs, he used his other hand to lift her breast and lowered his head to meet it half way. The stiff, thick nipple slipped easily into his mouth.

Mmmm  Estelle purred as she felt his tongue whirl around her nipple.  It was obvious that Toms was a great lover of breasts.

He wasnt doing too badly with his other hand either, running his fingers up inside her pussy. His technique was a little on the crude side, Estelle thought, but she was more than willing to overlook it in exchange for some of the other benefits of youth.

Her own hands were busy as well.  Holding his cock in one hand, she could feel it growing hard once more.  She thought back to the days when Tim could go at it two or three times in a single night.  She suspected that Toms would be easily able to equal or surpass that record. Her other hand played with his curly dark hair, helping him maintain his hold on her breasts. By this time, she had guided his mouth to her other mound as well.

Through it all, Estelle was experiencing a level of sexual excitement she had not known since her late teens.  If anything, the raging lust she felt racing through her body was far greater than those days when she had first given her body to Tim Jones.

Back then, it had been Tim who had been the aggressor.  The one who had initiated sexual passion.  Now it was Estelle who shepherded her young lover along the path of ecstasy.

Using hand motions to get her message across, Estelle stretched Toms across the length of the large bed. She climbed on top of him, straddling his muscular form at about his knees. She took a breast in each hand and massaged it roughly, paying careful attention to her large areola and thick nipples.

Estelle lifted one of her heavy mounds as high as it went, bringing it within reach of her mouth.  Reaching out with her tongue, she traced a wet path across her hardened tips.  Switching breasts, she repeated her performance on her other heavy globe.  She knew that when theyd first been married, little shows like this drove Tim wild.  Having already seen that Toms was a breast man as well, she expected it had a similar effect on him.

Toms reacted by reaching up with both hands.  Estelle took them in her own and used them to continue massaging her breasts.  The look of delight on the young man?s face told the whole story.

Sus pechos s que son muy suaves.  Siempre me he soado con tales placeres.  Toms said as he squeezed them hard, relishing the feel of them.

Im sure thats a compliment.  Estelle said as she removed his hands and placed them back at his side.  But you just lie there and enjoy what Estelle is going to do for you next.  Youll have another chance to play with my breasts soon enough.

Leaning over, the 42-year-old took hold of her mounds and pressed them against Tomss rigid cock.  She could feel his hardness as she pressed her pliant flesh against it.  Pressing even harder, she moved her breasts up and down, causing his manhood to disappear between her bosoms.  Toms watched in fascination as Estelle massaged his cock against her warm skin.  The sensations flooding his cock were indescribable in either language.

You like that, dont you?  Estelle smiled. The lust within her now in total control.  Well I think youre really going to love what comes next.

Releasing her hold on her breasts and in turn that on his cock, Estelle lifted herself a little higher off Toms.  She shifted her body a bit more, until her genitals hovered just above his. Estelle reached down and took hold of his cock, pleased with both its girth and hardness.  Holding the wide mushroom shaped head, she placed it at the still wet entrance to her passage of love.

All right baby, she said as she slowly lowered herself.  Now the fun really starts.

With an ease that Estelle found surprising, considering how much larger she thought Toms was than her husband, the older woman felt him slide up inside of her. She hadnt realized just how wet all of this had made her.

Oh yes, Estelle moaned as she felt Toms fill her.  That is so, so good.

Muy bueno Toms echoed as he felt the walls of her pussy press again his cock.

As good as Estelles cunt felt around his cock, it felt even better as she began to rise and fall.  Those sensations grew in intensity, fueled by her up and down motions. The dark-haired woman stretched forward and braced herself against the headboard.  Her breasts hung low, at just the right level for Toms to reach up and cradle them. With a wide smile he began to play with them, matching the movement of his hands to the gyrations of their bodies.

Cjame!  Estelle called out, remembered one of the terms the teachers didnt teach in school, but that every kid in class quickly learned.

Faster and faster the two lovers moved, creating a symbiotic union.  Every movement of their bodies, produced a sympathetic reaction in the other, a reaction whose intensity grew with each repetition.

Toms wasnt a virgin, but his two previous experiences were both too brief to be noteworthy.  His first had been with Modeste, his girlfriend back home.  It had been her gift on the night of his 16th birthday.  Both of them had been so excited that it was over before they realized it.

His other experience had been with one of the call girls that sometimes frequented the hotel.  There had been an altercation with one of the customers and Toms had kept the man from beating on her.  She had given him a quickie as a reward.  As the term implied, it had been over even faster than his encounter with Modeste.

Estelle could feel Tomss body tensing beneath her, telling her that he was on the verge of a second eruption.  She lifted herself as high as she could without losing contact with his cock then dropped down with all of her weight.  Up she lifted herself once more then down with the same abandon.  It only took two more tries until she felt the first warm burst of young manhood erupt inside her unprotected fertile womb. At her age a pregnancy could be dangerous but she didnt care. Pulling his hot sweaty body against her own Estelles orgasm was triggered by his. Her mouth found his and she kissed him with all the lust her body had contained.  A lust set free by the explosion of their matching climaxes. All the while, the juices of their passions mixed within her.

Even after their bodies stopped shaking, Estelle held Toms tight against her, bathing in the joined warmth of their hot flesh.  She basked in the warm afterglow of their mutual joining.  The damp sweat covered their skin mixed with the scents of their exertions, a potent reminder of their joining.

As they lay together in the early morning light, the much-satisfied woman wondered what her colleagues wouldve thought of predictable and safe Estelle.  Would they now think of her in a different light?  Well even if they didnt, she knew that she now would.

Disengaging herself from Toms, Estelle stepped into the bathroom.  She turned on the hot water in the shower, letting it warm up as she took care of her personal hygiene. Toms, hearing the water running, joined her in the shower. He and she took their time relishing in the pleasure of mutual washing. They took liberties with each other, especially as he caressed and washed her love places. She experienced a little orgasm as he found her love button as he fingered her.

Time was passing quickly though she wished this would last a lot longer, but she had to be at a meeting. Estelle stepped out of the bathroom, still nude.  Her body still radiated enough of the lust that had consumed her to wonder if Toms would like to join her tonight.  

She dressed quickly and didnt hear the shower stop and Toms dress.  He quietly dressed and left.  When she looked for him to say goodbye to her deep and lasting disappointment. I guess it was too much to expect a third time.  Estelle said to herself as she stepped back in the bathroom and into the shower.

As she organized her papers for the eleven oclock meeting, the last of the weekend, Estelle thought about all that had happened to her since last night.  An old saying came to mind.  Today was indeed the first day of the rest of her life. And starting today, things were going to be different. Little did she know just how different. 

Estelle sat in the coffee shop, enjoying a cup of coffee. Thankfully, the ringing in the back of her head had finally stopped.  She felt a hot flash radiate through her body as she heard, Hows your head this morning? asked the woman who sat down next to Estelle.

Good morning Janet.  Estelle said to her younger co-worker. And to answer the question, Id have to say my head is fine.

Then you must have a lot stronger constitution than I do.  Janet said, Either that or youve suddenly discovered a miracle cure for hangovers.

Maybe something like that.  Estelle smiled as she took another sip of coffee.

Well good, cause I just wanted to tell you that it wasnt my idea.  Janet said.

What are you talking about? Estelle asked.  What wasnt your idea?

It was Marias idea, the blonde went on.  She thought it would be funny, and I guess about midnight, plastered as we all were, it seemed like a funny thing to do.

I still have no idea what you are talking about.

The busboy, Janet explained.  That Mexican kid, Toms.

Estelle suddenly turned deadly pale. Had they seen her pick him up?  Drunk as she was, who knows what she did in public.

Janet, Estelle said, trying to control the fear in her voice. What about the busboy?

Well maybe I should start all over.

I think that maybe you should.  Estelle replied.

Well it was about midnight, Janet began, starting her narrative at a point Estelle couldnt remember.  "You were so drunk that we had to carry you back to your room.  And I have to tell you in all honestly, honey, you could lose a few pounds.

Never mind that, the older woman interrupted.  Where does the bellboy come into all of this.

Im getting to that, Janet went on.  Like I was saying, we had to carry you back to your room, but you were too much for the two of us to handle. Especially since we werent in much better shape. So Maria got the busboy who was just finishing up for the night, to carry you for us.

Well that explains how he got to my room, Estelle thought, if not into my pants.

It was after we got you out of your clothes and into bed that Maria got the idea that it would be funny to have you wake up with the kid in your bed.  Especially since youd have no idea how he got there. She explained the joke to the kid in Spanish and even gave him $20 to play along.

So it was all a practical joke? Estelle asked in disbelief.

Of course, Janet said with a broad smile. Maria said that the look on your face when you woke up and saw him would be priceless.

Oh it was priceless all right.  Estelle laughed loudly as she realized what she had done. Youll never know how priceless it was.

The End

 
