Hi Sheri, Elaine and everyone, 

I got an email from Sheri a while back, saying she was going to try to start up our chat group again, and I thought that sounded great.  I missed talking with you guys too, and I think it'll be cool if we can find some other girls who want to join our little circle.  Sheri said in her email, I should start by telling everyone about Luke and me, just to give everyone some background on how I got into all this. 

Basically, I guess it's all my boyfriend, Luke's fault.  (Stop laughing you guys.  It's true).  Like I mean, I like him, and everything, but sometimes he's a bit of a weirdo.  Every once in a while, he just gets like these crazy ideas.  He's always trying to talk me into doing the most embarrassing things.  He wasn't always like that though.  I've known him ever since we were kids, and he used to seem like just your average everyday nice guy.  It was only after we started going out that I found out he was into all this other stuff. 

We'd just graduated from high school, and we were both trying to figure out what we're going to do with our lives.  We'd get together and stay up late just talking on into the middle of the night.  We weren't actually dating yet, but like all our friends thought we were going out, and kept teasing us, and then one day, Luke stopped denying it.  He just all of a sudden put his arm around me, and said 'yeah we're going out.'  I was a bit surprised 'cause up until then we'd just been friends, but to tell you the truth, I'd always thought he was kind of cool, so I was glad in a way. 

Then, he got his mini-van. That was when the real problems started.
He'd been saving up for it for ages, and one day, he just shows up at
my place driving this big shiny black van. I don't know much about
cars, but I thought it was cool that we'd be able to go anywhere we
wanted without having to bum a ride off someone. Straight away, I
told my mom that we were going out and not to wait up, and before she
could say anything, we were out the door. We drove all around the
city, had dinner and took a walk in the moonlight. It was so romantic.

When we got back to the van, he was like,

"Let me drive you home," but I said

"No, no, I don't want to go home." I guess I shouldn't have said
that, but it was just such a perfect evening, I didn't want it to
end. We drove around some more, and eventually we parked on this
little side street that ran next to a park.

My heart was all kind of pitter-pat, because like we'd never been
alone like that before. We'd never even really kissed, although
every time we said good night in front of my house, I could tell he
really wanted to. I never let him though 'cause I was always worried
my parents or brother might be watching. Finally now, we were alone
at last.

We just kind of sat there in silence for a long time neither of us
knowing quite what to do. Inside I wanted to kiss him, but I didn't
want to seem too forward or anything, so I just kind of stared at my
knees, and waited. The tension was incredible. I was like so tense
but kind of excited too in a good way. When he finally leaned over
and tried to kiss me, I turned away and pretended not to want to, but
he kept coming closer, and then he reached right over and tilted my
seat all the way back. Suddenly, I was lying flat on my back looking
deep into his eyes in the dim light.

The tension, the electricity in the air was just too much, and this
time when he started kissing me, I just melted, and went with it. My
head was swimming with all these sensations, and then I felt his
fingers fiddling with the fastener on my skirt. I tried to stop him,
but to tell you the truth, I was getting pretty excited too, and
before I knew it, he'd started to slide my skirt down, and push his
hand up the front of my t-shirt. He had this wild look in his eyes,
and everything was going so fast, so I finally broke away and said,

"I'm thirsty."

Luke looked in my eyes a bit longer, then let go of me, and took a
deep breath. We had come so close, closer than we'd ever been, but I
guess he realized I needed some time to be sure that this was really
what I wanted to do. Slowly, I began to calm down a little, and we
started looking around to see if there was anywhere we could get
something to drink nearby. Just down the lane, we spotted a vending
machine by the roadside. I reached down to pull up my skirt, but
Luke put his arm out, and stopped me.

"No, no, don't do it up again."

"What? Why not?"

"Here, just take it off. I want to see how you look."

I just stared at him at first wondering what on earth he had in
mind. He started begging me to just try it, and eventually I agreed,
although I knew that the whole thing was definitely pretty kinky. I
slowly let him pull my skirt down and off over my running shoes. It
was pretty humiliating to be sitting in his van in just my t-shirt
and undies.

"I look absolutely stupid."

"You look great. C'mon."

"What? What are you..." I felt so hot all over. I looked out the
window to see if anyone was watching us.

"Let's go," he said, smiling this really evil grin.

"You're kidding."

"No, I'm serious. C'mon, it'll be fun." Luke threw my skirt into
the back seat, and then started to get out of the car. I, of course,
was completely freaking out. I just sat there for a long time trying
to think what to do. I knew this was wrong, dangerous probably, but
I didn't want to ruin the mood either. I guess I was all excited
from having him touch me and it being the first time and everything.

I kind of shifted my bum in my seat trying to get the t-shirt to
cover my exposed panties, but it was just too short. Luke was
standing outside looking at me and urging me to come out.

"C'mon. It'll be alright."

I pulled my t-shirt down as far as it would go, and very slowly
opened the door on my side. The cool night air felt so ticklish on
my legs, and it was getting me all excited. I finally stepped down
onto the street, and felt this complete rush. I couldn't believe I
was walking around outside in just my t-shirt and undies. I swear
I'd never done anything like that before. When I looked over, Luke
was already standing in front of the vending machines. I was so
frightened, I ran over to where he was, and held his arm. I could
feel the hem of my t-shirt bouncing up and down though as I walked.
I pulled it down as best I could, but I really felt terribly
vulnerable and helpless.

"Um, Luke, maybe this isn't..."

"What do you want?" he said pointing at the drinks in the machine.
My heart was beating so fast I just quickly picked out a drink, and
huddled close to him, looking this way and that to see if anyone was
coming. The cans made a big clatter when they fell down, and I
thought the whole neighborhood would hear, and come out to see what
was going on. Luke nodded for me to take the cans out of the
machine. When I bent down, I felt my t-shirt pull up at the back,
and I realized he'd got me to get out the cans on purpose, so he
could get a better look at my bum. I felt so obscene standing there
with my bum up in the air like that. I quickly straightened back up,
handed him his can of pop, and ran back to the van, but he caught up
to me, and right in the middle of the street pulled my t-shirt up
exposing my panties. Lord, I hope no one saw us.

I waited for Luke to open up the car door, but instead, he started
walking over toward the park.

"What are you...?"

"It's such a nice night out. Let's sit outside, while we finish our drinks."

I looked down at my panties, and then back at him, but he was already
at the park entrance. The doors to the van were all locked, so I had
no choice but to follow him. The longer we stayed outside, the more
frantic I got about my missing skirt. If we met anyone, what on
earth would I say?

Around the park, there was this line of trees which kind of blocked
the view from the street, but off to the left, you could see an
apartment building, and on the other side of the park there was what
looked like a factory. The lights in the apartment seemed to be out,
so maybe everyone had gone to sleep. Luke threw his coat down on
this little grassy hill, and motioned for me to sit on top of it. At
first, I just looked at him, but then he sat down, so finally I
plunked my bum down next to him on his coat. His coat was kind of
this slippery material, and it felt cold on my thighs. I still
couldn't believe I was doing this. I pulled my t-shirt down again to
cover up.

Luke just calmly sat there drinking his pop and smiling over at me.
I couldn't get my can open, so I gave it to him, and he opened it for
me. Something rustled in the trees, and my heart jumped, but it
turned out to be just a bird. I was a nervous wreck though.

I quickly finished my drink, and was all ready to head back, when he
motioned for me to lie down. I did, but I was so aware of how out in
the open we were that I couldn't relax at all. He slipped his hand
into my panties and started pulling them down, but I was completely
panicking because here we were on this hill in the middle of this
wide open park. Even though it was night the moon was out, and it
was pretty bright out. I said,

"No Luke, not here," but he'd already pulled my panties part way down
my thighs, and was staring for the first time at my furry little
bush. We were both pretty excited by then to say the least, but
finally he agreed to go look for some place not so out in the open.
I quickly pulled my panties back up, and looked around trying to tell
if anyone had seen us.

Luke headed off, and I followed him into this narrow path that ran
between some kind of fenced in soccer field and the street. The line
of trees on the right was thick enough that it blocked the view from
the road, but it was so dark it was hard to tell if there was anyone
watching us from the other side of the field. The path suddenly came
to an end, and suddenly, we were standing on this street corner.
Fortunately, there weren't any cars coming, but off to the left I
could see another major street with a steady stream of traffic. I
got scared and held Luke's arm really tight, but he nodded that it
would be alright, and started to cross. My heart was pounding as I
scurried across in clear sight of this never-ending line of cars.

To make matters worse, half way across the road, Luke suddenly
grabbed my panties, and yanked them down again. My mind went blank
as I stared in disbelief at the long line of cars streaming past, my
panties tangled around my knees, my delicate little pussy naked and
uncovered. I felt humiliated, but I felt something else too. (The
first time I told this story to Sheri and them I didn't mention this,
but to tell you the truth, even then that first time, I felt like
this wave of pleasure running through my body from deep inside me. I
bent forward, and was shocked to notice this warm wet feeling between
my legs.) I quickly pulled my panties back up, but my head was still
spinning from the shock. Luke grabbed my hand, and pulled me across
to the other side, and back into another long path next to a fenced-
in field.

"Hey, steady there missy. I was just joking around."

Finally, realizing what he had done, I slapped him on the shoulder
for being so bad.

"Oh, I can't believe you did that. Do you realize how many people
must have seen me?"

"I doubt anyone did. They were all too busy watching on the road."

"Anyway, don't do that, OK? I've never been so humiliated in my
whole life." I really tried to sound angry, but part of this was to
cover up my own mixed-up reaction. I know this sounds crazy, but
there's this feeling of shock with myself, like 'how could I be
enjoying this so much? That's so wrong!' (Sheri knows what I'm
talking about, don't you, Sheri? Maybe some of you other people do
too?)

Anyway, we walked all the way down, and finally came to this other
smaller park a bit darker with a lot more trees. Luke led me over,
way to the back into this little glade of trees. It was so dark I
felt a little afraid, but at least it would be harder for people to
see us. There were houses to the left and right, but we were far
enough back that they wouldn't be able to see us anymore for the
trees and this utility shed on our left. Right behind was a fence.
I looked over top, and it was a parking lot, but it all seemed pretty
quiet.

"Are you sure this is safe?"

"I've been walking out here plenty of times before. No one comes
here at night."

I looked at him not particularly convinced. We could hear some sound
water dripping or something, but Luke said it was coming from inside
the utility shed. I felt so nervous and afraid. Luke spread out his
jacket on a flat patch of earth between the bushes, but I didn't feel
much like sitting down. I wanted to go back to the car as soon as
possible. Luke took my hand and finally pulled me down onto the
jacket. I was just like frozen and stiff, completely unable to
relax, but he got me to lie down on my back, and we started kissing
again. I could hear the sound of cars going by not too far away, and
every once in a while, I'd jump when I thought I heard a sound coming
closer. No one came into the park though. He seemed to be right at
least so far.

I started to relax a little bit, but then he grabbed hold of my
panties and pulled them down again. I covered my pussy with my hand,
but he started to pull my panties right off.

"Oh, god, Luke. Leave them on. What if someone comes?"

"It'll be OK," he said, spreading my legs and motioning for me to
move my hand. I finally did, still really worried about being naked
outside like this. He started licking me, and It felt so good. I
almost forgot where we were, and really started enjoying it. He
started to undo his pants, but then he stopped, and sat back up.

"Damn!"

"What?"

"I left my condoms in the car." He stood up and started walking that
way.

"Hey, what about my panties?"

"Don't worry. I'll be right back."

I started panicking, as he loped out of sight. I looked down at my
pubic hair glistening slightly in the moonlight, and felt a shiver
run up my spine.

"Hey, come back," I yelled, but he was already out of sight. I
couldn't believe he would leave me here half naked shivering alone
under the dark trees. I wrapped his jacket around my hips, but the
front wouldn't stay together so you could still see my pubic mound.
Worse, I had to go to the washroom. I could see a small building off
to the right that must be a washroom, but to get there I'd have to
walk across the field in view of the houses and main street. I try
to hold it in, but all the excitement was making me want t go really
badly. Maybe I could just go here, but that would be even kinkier if
someone saw me. Besides, my purse with my tissues and stuff was back
in the van. I'd better make a run for it. At least, then I can hide
in the washroom till Luke gets back.

I dashed across the field as fast as I could. I could see all these
cars on the street just a block away, and even closer there was a
window with a light on. I was moving so fast that the knot I'd tied
with the jacket sleeves came undone, and the jacket fell off. I was
so scared I just left it there, and dashed into the women's side.
The light in the washroom was so bright. I could see myself in the
mirror, naked from the waist down, and I felt even more embarrassed.
I quickly went into the stall, did my business, and then came out and
washed myself off. From the sink, you could see out over the whole
park, so I went back into the stall to hide. I felt my breasts, and
they were tender and swollen from all the excitement.

I was so relieved when I finally saw Luke coming back. I waved my
hand till he saw me, and he found his jacket lying on the grass,
picked it up and put it on. When he got closer, I saw that he was
carrying the box of condoms in his hand.

"Where are my panties and my skirt?"

"They're back in the car."

I hit him really hard on the shoulder.

"Why didn't you bring them? I can't walk around like this all night."

He looked down at my bush by now quite wet.

"You look gorgeous." He wrapped his arms around me, and grabbed me
by my bum cheeks pulling me into him.

"Not here," I said softly, burying my head in his chest.

"Where would you like to do it, my dear? My wish is your command."

I didn't know what to say. I wanted my panties back at least. I
finally motioned toward the glade of trees we'd been sitting in
before. At least it was darker than the washroom. He led me over,
and I had to suffer through the gaze of the cars and the lighted
window again. He spread out his jacket again, but I felt really
obscene lying back there and spreading my naked legs. Instead of
licking me though, he started pulling off my top first. I was
surprised, and ended up feeling even more exposed than before as he
took off my bra too.

This was the first time he'd seen me completely naked, and I felt so
embarrassed as he looked me over. I could tell from the look in his
eye though that he liked what he saw, and I felt glad in a way. He
started kissing my breasts and massaging them, and it felt really
good. I was almost able to forget my fear, and get into it a bit as
he kissed me and caressed me all over. The cool breeze wouldn't let
me forget we were outside, but I tried to just relax and go with it.

When he pulled down his pants, I took his member, and massaged it a
bit, and put it in my mouth the way I'd seen women do in the movies.
I'm not very good, but he seemed to enjoy it. Once we were both
ready, he tried to slide it in. It wouldn't go at first and then I
remember like this really sharp pain. My mind went all hazy and
stuff, but I could kind of feel him banging away, and after a while,
the good feelings pushed out the bad. I was really sore afterward,
but I was still glad we had done it.

While I was lying there recovering, Luke went to get the van and
bring it to the entrance. I was still naked, but I almost didn't
care anymore, I was so overwhelmed by what we had just done. I
walked naked like that over to the washroom to get washed up, and
Luke came over, and he was so excited to see me like that. I wasn't
ready to try again, but I did walk naked all the way to the van, and
that got me pretty excited. I drove around a bit like that with no
clothes on, but it was obvious that some people could tell, so I
eventually got back dressed, and he took me home.

Anyway, that's basically how it started. I guess it sounds a bit
weird, but let me tell you I never expected anything like that to
happen, and afterwards I felt kind of guilty and worried about how
many people must have seen us. Nothing bad happened though, and
eventually I met Sheri and stuff, and so I didn't feel quite so
strange. Anyway, I'll tell you more next time.

Linda

