Wendy's Lingerie Show
by Campus77

Wendy flaunts her stuff at a bar.

My wife and I belonged to a local nudist resort resulting in an allover tan. We had a close group of friends with whom we hung out. While laying out on the resort lawn naked on our towels, we talked with our friends Ruth and Barry.

Ruth asked, "Wendy, what would you think about performing in a lingerie show at our favorite bar this Friday night?"

Instantly Wendy, who has always been an exhibitionist replied,

"Yes, I'd love that!"

A time and place were agreed upon.

Wendy is 5' 5", 110 pounds with short stylish dark hair. She works out 5 days a week and has a well-toned body. She has a wide array of sexy lingerie and when we returned home, she pulled out six very sexy outfits and tried them on for my approval. With each display of her beautiful 32B cup breasts, riding high with pencil eraser nips and a closely trimmed bush beneath satin and lace, I became more excited and began rubbing my cock over my shorts.

I loved her enthusiasm.

"You are really going to flaunt your stuff."

"Yes, I'm looking forward to the excitement."

When she finished with the last outfit, I motioned her over to the bed on which I was sitting. I started kissing her and fondling her breasts, increasing her excitement for the upcoming event. She responded even more when I slowly pulled the shoulder straps from her virtually see through teal blue teddy and began kissing her pretty tits. We ended up having the best sex in a long time.

Finally, the Saturday night arrived for the lingerie show. The bar was a little seedy and on the other side of town. There was no worry that any of our neighbors or employers would be there. As we walked in at 9:00, our friends Ruth and Barry welcomed us along with about 30 other men of various ages. Unlike Wendy, Ruth is a full-bodied woman with very large breasts and long blonde hair. She had prepared her outfits to fully enhance her performance. They both went into a back room to change.

Barry and I went to the bar and ordered drinks for ourselves and for the girls. I told the bartender to keep them coming to the back room. I knew Wendy was excited but wanted her to be a little drunk to get as wild as she wanted to be. There was a jukebox in the corner and was set up to continuously play. It was loud and all the guys were already appearing inebriated and nervously excited. The bar attracted a blue-collar crowd, but Barry was a regular patron and a commanding presence. I wasn't concerned that they would get out of control.

At about quarter to 10, the bartender locked the door and made sure all the windows were covered. All the tables and chairs had been moved to the side of the room leaving a large space for the girls to perform. Without any direction the horny men formed a circle about

2 deep leaving a 20-foot opening.

At 10 o'clock the backroom door opened, and Ruth emerged wearing a black high waist baby doll outfit with a tiny thong which really showed off her enormous attributes. She began dancing around the circle teasing the guys with her semitransparent getup. The guys were whooping, whistling and encouraging her performance. Barry was standing next to me proudly clapping his hands. After she danced around the floor a few times, taking about 10 minutes to get the crowd going, she retreated to the back room.

About 5 minutes later, Wendy came out in a white lace teddy that clung to her body like a second skin. She almost appeared naked with her nipples showing clearly through the lace. The dark landing strip was evidence that she was naked beneath the teddy. The crowd reacted as you would expect, cheering and drinking in the beautiful sight of a slender, toned body for all to see. Wendy danced closer to the crowd than did Ruth and several guys made efforts to touch her, but she adroitly evaded their advances. She circled the room a few times, seductively moving her hips and breasts in front of several gawkers. She waved with a smile and returned to the backroom.

Moments later, Ruth appeared in a bright red lace teddy. Her enormous tits swaying sexily enchanting the audience, but she stayed well clear of the many hands that wanted to grope them. She danced around the circle several times, then returned to the makeshift dressing room.

In a few minutes, Wendy appeared in a teal lace teddy that contrasted beautifully with her deep all over tan but didn't hide her sexy nipples or the small patch of pussy hair. She was noticeably drunker than before as she came much closer to the men in front who began putting money in her teddy wherever they could reach. Wendy was on a sexual high. A wet spot developing noticeably around her snatch. The men were more inebriated and excited as they managed to cop a feel while she passively let them tuck bills around her body. The smile never left her face. After 10 minutes she retreated to the back room hearing disappointed groans as she left.

This titillating show continued for about an hour and a half with both girls and the guys getting drunker and being more suggestive. Near to midnight, Wendy was the last one to appear. She was wearing a spaghetti strap, black lace teddy which showed off her deep tan and almost everything else. I was standing about halfway around the circle when Wendy, obviously now drunk, was wobbling on her 4" heels but smiling and getting closer to the guys.

She approached me.

"Is this your final outfit?"

Giggle, "yes".

She danced in front of me.

"The guys deserve a little more."

Her eyes went wide, and she smiled "Yes".

I lowered the spaghetti strap on her left and she smiled more. I lowered the strap on her right and she laughed. The crowd, anticipating what was going to happen, began to chant.

"Take it off. Take it off."

I turned her around to face the crowd and slowly pulled the teddy down to her cute little belly button, revealing her gorgeous 32B tits. I cupped them with my hands, twisted her nipples, making them stand at attention. I turned her around and kissed her passionately.

"Have fun lover!"

She danced to my left and the young man next to me immediately reached to caress her tits. Wendy danced around the ring of horny men allowing most to enjoy her semi-nakedness. There was lots of hooting and hollering with the sexy undertone of "take it off."

When she made it back around to me, I said, "do you wanna?"

With a big sloppy smile, she nodded and said "Yeah!"

I crouched down and slowly pulled the hanging straps down her body revealing her firm butt to the crowd. She stepped out of the teddy and as I raised up, gently tickling her legs up to her cunt, cupping as it gushed her juices on my hand. The men went wild.

With only wearing her all over tan and high heels, Wendy began dancing around the rapidly shrinking circle allowing many to fondle her body and some to finger her pussy. I realized that many of the men had exposed themselves and were energetically stroking their cocks. She approached one good looking guy and stroked his cock immediately causing him to cum in her hand.

The circle had shrunk to about 10 feet and as she made her way around, a tall handsome man about 30 years old came out to meet her. His large cock was hard and standing straight out. He put his hand on her shoulder and lightly pushed down. She obediently went down on her knees and began a sloppy blowjob while he moaned, and the crowd roared. Another man came out and knelt behind her cramming his dick into her gushing cunt. Being spit roasted was one of Wendy's fantasies. I was mesmerized by her stunning exhibitionistic performance and hard as steel.

Both men climaxed at the same time with loud shouts and moans. Wendy stood up to enthusiastic applause and circled the room one more time before staggering to the back room.

While Wendy performed her erotic actions Ruth had come out fully dressed and couldn't believe what she had seen. Barry put his arms around his wife asking her why she didn't put on as explicit a performance. The was no answer.

The bartender raised the lights, and the crowd began to disperse. Wendy finally came out with a shit eating grin and put her arms around me with a big passionate kiss. We left the bar and got into the car. We didn't leave the parking lot until I reclaimed her as my wife.
