https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

chapter 2: First Taste

comments_readers: Please give feedback, it helps with my motivation to keep writing and posting.

	Andrew felt a tingling in the back of his head and then a bright flash. He felt the soft lips suddenly leave his and the tingling sensation stopped. He opened his eyes and looked at the three women in front of him, first at his mother then at his older sister Erin and lastly at his younger sister Lacey, somehow he knew it was Lacey that had just kissed him. As he stared at her she quickly blushed and turned away from him.

	As they headed out to the car, Andrew and his mother leading the way, somehow he knew where lacey was even though she was behind him. He felt her presence as she followed them. As they approached the car, Erin loudly called out shotgun and bolted for the front seat. For once Andrew did not mind sitting in the back seat. He was happy to be sitting next to Lacey, as the two climbed into the back seat, lacey snuggled up to Andrew and wrapped her arms in his, resting her head on his shoulder. "I am so glad you are ok Bro. I was so worried about you." She stated.

	Andrew rested his head against his younger sister's and sighed as he felt her budding breasts rub against his arm. He quickly cleared his thoughts and scolded himself for thinking about how nice Lacey's breasts felt against him. Lacey turned her head to look at Andrew with a contented sigh. Andrew felt nervous looking down at her. He wet his lips and then to his surprise brought them to Lacey's. He felt the softness of her lips against his. Once again there was a flash in the back of his mind and his body filled with a tingling sensation. Andrews's lips parted and Lacey's tongue began to slip between his lips.

	Suddenly Andrew pulled from the kiss and Lacey broke her embrace. Andrew cleared his throat and adjusted his seat belt. Looking towards the front seat worried that his mother or Erin had seen what had occurred, but the two were busy discussing whether Erin could borrow the car for her date tonight.

	Andrew felt strange, especially after the kiss he had just shared with his little sister. The drive home was short. As they pulled into the driveway, Lacey leaned over and gave Andrew a kiss on his cheek. "I love you big brother and I am glad you are home," She whispered to him as she unbuckled her seatbelt and jumped out the back door.

	Andrew sat in the car for a few seconds taking in what had just happened. He had kissed his little sister, not just kissed her but almost French kissed her, and it seemed she was willing. His mother's voice broke him from his thoughts, "Are you coming Andy or are you going to sit in the car all night?"

	Andrew unbuckled his belt and got out of the car. "What's for dinner, Mom, I'm starving?" He asked as the two headed into the house. Lacey and Erin had already gone inside.

	Andrew followed his mother into the house. As he entered the house, he stopped and grabbed the door frame, his head was spinning slightly, and he grew dizzy. He felt another presence. When he tried to concentrate on it the dizziness grew worse, but he knew that the presence he felt was his sister Lacey heading up the stairs towards her room. How he knew it he was not sure but he knew.

 	Andrew's mother Jan turned towards him and helped him from the doorway to the nearby table. "Are you okay, Hon, do you need something?" She asked worriedly."

	"Thirsty," Andrew croaked as the spinning began to subside, but the feeling of where his sister was did not. "Water please."

	His mother helped him to a chair in the dining room and then headed into the kitchen for a glass of water. As she was gone Andrew continued to concentrate on the feeling of his sister. He knew she was in her room, and after a bit he also could tell she was happy. It was puzzling and quite unnerving. Why was he feeling Lacey and not anyone else? And what the hell happened in the car? Did he really try and make out with his little sister?

	As he was thinking about all that had happened in the last half hour his mother returned with his glass of water. "Here you go, Hon, are you sure you're ok?"

	Andrew took the glass and started to drink it down. He went to respond to her question and a large amount of the water went down the wrong pipe. Andrew managed to cough most of it back into the glass. He steadied himself at the table for a second and then made a mad dash for the downstairs bathroom.

	He quickly crawled onto the floor and buried his face in the toilet. As he heaved up what little breakfast he had been given at the hospital, he felt Lacey come down stairs and into the dining room. As he lifted his head from the toilet, he heard his mother exclaim, "No, Lacey don't drink...!" Her last words were cut off however by the sudden flashes of light that filled hi vision and the tingling sensation that covered his body.

	Suddenly the nagging feeling in the back of his head of Lacey's whereabouts was now a definite knowledge as to her exact location, and her current state of mind, which was curiosity and concern, with a little sexual tension on top.

	Andrew walked out of the bathroom and towards the dining room. Lacey was standing by the table holding the glass of water he had just spit up in with a look of concern and fear on her face as his mother walked up to her and took the now near empty glass from her. "Mom... what's wrong? I was thirsty?" Lacey inquired.

	"Honey, your brother just spit up into that glass." Jan replied as she took the glass to the sink.

	To Andrew's surprise, Lacey simply shrugged and turned to head back upstairs. When she turned and saw Andrew she stopped and stared at him. Andrew felt a rush of unbridled lust coming from his sister, and he felt himself growing hard from the feelings she was giving off. It only lasted a second before Lacey was able to get herself under control and rushed past him back to her room.

	...

	Later that night at dinner, Andrew sat at his usual place at the table and quickly began serving himself a large serving of roast beef and mashed potatoes when Lacey entered the room and sat across from him. Andrew could still feel her presence no matter where in the house she was, and he could feel the continued feelings of lust and confusion coming from her. As she sat down across from him the feelings grew stronger. As he did his best to ignore the tension in the air and eat his dinner, he felt a bare toe slide along his leg. He looked up at Lacey, and she smiled and winked. Andrew did his best to smile back at her, but it was difficult with his younger sister rubbing her feet gently along his leg.

	Andrew quickly wolfed down his meal and excused himself from the table. Lacey gave off a little bit of disappointment and hurt feelings. Andrew however needed to escape his crazy sister and think about what the hell was going on

	As he headed upstairs to his room, he felt Lacey's disappointment. Andrew shook his head and continued to his room. He quickly closed and locked the door behind him and leaned back against the door. Andrew slowed his breathing and did his best to calm his emotions, feeling Lacey's desire constantly, and at such close in proximity, was having a definite effect on his emotions and his ability to control his own desire.

	As he leaned against the door thinking about Lacey's bizarre behavior, and again trying to figure out what was going on, he came to the conclusion that he would not be able to think clearly until he took care of the hormone driven thoughts running through his head. Andrew walked across the room to his clothing hamper and stripped out of his clothes, as he did so he felt Lacey stop at his door. Her feelings were chaotic and shifting from lust to confusion to depression. After a few seconds she continued down the hall to her own room.

	Andrew grabbed a towel off the floor and wrapped it around his waist. Unlocking the door he sprinted across the hall into the bathroom and locked the door behind him. Andrew turned on the shower and relieved himself as he waited for the water to heat up. Stripping off his towel he climbed into the shower and marveled at the intensity of the feeling of the water running down his skin. It was like every nerve was on overdrive. Between the pleasures of the feeling of the water running down his body and the emotions he was receiving from Lacey he quickly became aroused. Andrew turned the water from hot to cold and began thinking about math equations. It did not take long to clear his mind and for him to figure out how to block the emotional tide he was receiving from Lacey.  Andrew stepped from the shower and quickly dried himself off. Once again wrapping his waist in the towel, he unlocked the door and crossed the hall at a more leisurely pace.

	As he entered his room Andrew once again felt Lacey leave her room and head his way. Andrew quickly closed his door in hopes of avoiding her. Lacey walked down the hall and then started towards the bathroom, at the last second she turned around and headed towards Andrew's room. Andrew quickly turned to lock his door but he was not quite fast enough and Lacey pushed his door open. As Andrew backed from the door, Lacey entered the room and closed the door behind her. She was wearing nothing but a white cloth towel. "Andrew, I just wanted to say I was sorry for my actions earlier. I don't understand what had come over me. I..." She started to say.

	Andrew blanched as he felt the desire starting to come from her once again, also now he could feel an almost physical need. "Lacey..." He started to say as she stopped in mid sentence.

	Whatever he was going to say however was cut short by Lacey undoing and dropping her towel. Andrew stared at her. He could not help but admire her beauty, and was amazed at her development. Until today, all he ever saw when he looked at her was his little baby sister. However, now there was no denying that she was growing up. Her breasts had begun to develop and were quite perky; her nipples were standing out from her puffy areolas.

	Andrew was at a loss for words and was unable to move as Lacey walked up to him and pulled his towel off. She looked down at his hardening cock and with a smile; she took his rod gently in her hands. "So that is what I have been craving?" She whispered as she knelt down in front of Andrew and took it into her mouth.

	The feeling was like nothing Andrew had ever experienced in his life. However it was obvious that Lacey had no previous experience at what she was doing and Andrew quickly drew in a breath as her teeth scrapped against his cock. "Watch your teeth." He said with a hiss.

	Lacey took his cock from her mouth and whispered a quick apology before going back to sucking on his now rock hard prick. All thoughts of controlling himself, and attempting to avoid Lacey until he could figure out what was going on fled his thoughts, as soon as Lacey's mouth enveloped him. He looked down at his little sister as she licked and sucked on his cock. It was like she was possessed, he felt it as soon as his towel was removed, her need grew, her whole being all her thoughts and actions were centered on his cock and getting something from it.

	It was not long before he discovered exactly what it was that she needed. Without warning he felt a tightening in his balls and he came into her mouth. Lacey began to suck harder on his rod and did her best to swallow every drop of his cum. As she did this Andrew felt another flash in the back of his brain and he knew that something had come to its final and permanent conclusion.

	Andrew looked down at his younger sister; her face was covered in his cum. He found it both perverse and stimulating at the same time. It was then that he noticed that the feeling of desire, need and lust was no longer coming from Lacey. All he could feel was contentment and satisfaction. Lacey smiled and started scooping his cum from her face and licking it off her fingers. "What is it you wish Andy; I am at your service for as long as you would have me?"

	Andrew blanched at her question and realized that she was telling the truth, she was his to do with as he wished, and she would deny him nothing. Andrew thought about what he wanted. "Lacey, I want you to put your towel back on and go back to what you were doing, until I say otherwise we are to act as we always have until I say otherwise."

	Lacey finished cleaning her face off with her fingers and grabbed her towel to finish the job, stood up and nodded as she wrapped the towel around herself and headed out of Andrew's room, without a word.

	Andrew sat on his bed and stared down at his now flaccid penis. What in the hell just happened and how did it happen. He thought to himself as he looked up and walked over to his window. Staring out into the darkening street his eyes fell on Aaron's house. That was it, that was what he would do. Tomorrow was Saturday; he would go over to Aaron's house and talk with him about it. He was Andrews's best friend and he was very good at thinking things out logically. He would ask Aaron for help.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus