Hello all today I am going to tell you all a very cool I mean hot sex story.

Mei 18 years ka tha jab mujhe sex ki knowledge huyi. Par I coudnt do it I didn't knew why. Ek baar mei apne purine ghar gya jaha mei 11 years tak rehta tha whatever so vhaa mere tau tai aur meri sister aur brother rehte the. 

Meri behan etni sexy thi ki kya batao mei vhaa 5 din ke liye rehne gya tha.

First day:
I reached in afternoon and had lunch and when I went to the computer room I saw my sister sitting on porn site meine use pucha to usne kha ki galti se khul gayi aur meine mane ka naatak kar in night after dinner my tai thought that we were small so.

I and my sister can sleep in one bed aur mei uske room mei gya she had hardly slept and I was thinking ki mujhe to pta chal gya ye bigdi huyi hai ab esse kaise batao ki mei bhi bigda hua hoon it was winters and we were sleeping in one bed in same kambal she was facing me and I was facing her then suddenly.

I lied upside down and masturbated and she came 2 know that mei bhi bigda hua hoon after sometime she looked at me and smiled and before meine kuch khaa she removed her top and I could see her blue bra and she said ki aaj mei thaki huyi hoon kal karenge usne mejhe kiss kiya aur ham so gaye

Second day:
Nhane ke liye mei jaa hee rha tha ki vo haste hue washroom mei gus gayi meine socha yeh achaa tym hai ki ander jaa kar situation clear karu aur mei chala bhi gya jaise he mei andar pahucha usne mujhe dekhkar apni top you tar di aur skirt bhi utar di aur catwalk style me bra.

Aur panti pehne pehne hee nhane lagi meine apne kapde utare aur sirf underwear pehni thi meine use hug kiya aur usne mere kaan mei kha aaj raat and I said mei samjh gya and we both took a bath together in half clothes I could see her body not a hair and her leg like an angel ones.

I started to get mad and tried to remove her bra she slapped me but suddenly I masturbated and sperms came out on my underwear and I was filled with sperms and this was the first time sperms came outta me jab usne yeh dekha to usene mujhe towel diya aur kha ki underwear utaar ke

Bahar chal jao jab meine bahar aa kar kapde pehne to meine dekha ki meri behan kapde pehne meri underwear ko lick kar rhi thi when her mother saw that she said ki ye neeche padi thi kyuki unhone use chatte hue nahi dekha

Tha vo maan gayi unke jaane ke baad mei vha gya aur vo use firse chaatne laggi aur mujhe aakh mari puure din mei apne bhai ke sath khel rha tha par 5 baje ki karreb vo aur mei ek room mei TV dek rhe the tabhi usne TV bandh kiya aur apna top utaar ke boli ki touch my bra meine mann hi mann socha ki kya hua agar ye sexy hai?

Yeh apni mann maani nahi kar sakti shayad ye mujhe sirf sata rhi aur baar baar sex ke liye manaa karegi. Meine uski bra boobs ko zor se bite kiya aur room se bhag gya

Second day night:
I returned to sleep with her but I simply slept saying nothing. She brought her legs to my legs put them together and slept all night

Third day:
while bathing she called me for name of towel but I didn't went whole day she was after me to get them both naked par maine bhi soch rakha tha ki mei bhi isse tadpaunga aur ye kudh apne poore kapde utaregi.

Fourth day:
I was still ignoring her but in evening we talked and came to a decision that we will have sex whole night and now real Masala in night after dinner we went to sleep but she told everyone that I will sleep and she will study in order to keep the lights dim.

We got in kambal and she went to bathroom removed her normal dress and wore a sexy skirt and top in which I was able to see her belly suddenly after coming from the bathroom she started to purposely breath very fast and jumped in bed with me.

I brought her out of bed and we hugged standing on cold floor. I kissed her neck then suddenly a voice came from out saying that all people are going to a surprise party I went out and told others we are studying so they relied on us and now there was only I and she in house.

After everybody left I pushed her on sofa and made me lie on her and removed her top and skirt and throw them somewhere and I got fully naked and kissed her whole body for about 15 minutes and after that she also kissed my body for 15 minutes in order to play with her a little.

I made her stick to sofa and swinger my penis over her mouth she was trying to lick it and making cute faces and finally. I gave it to her and she first kissed it and then licked for about 10 minutes and then we both stood up and removed her bra and her boobs became loose.

I cupped them kissed whole of both and sucked nipples and drunk milk
I then put my penis between her boobs and moved it up down up down and it reached her mouth every time it went up so she lick it and I was in such pleasure that I after moving between her boobs.

I just lost control on myself and cum on her face. She said that we are kids and it's not possible to cum for me again before the morning but I said wanted to remove her panti and view her choot. She said ki kal tum jaa rha ho aur subah nha ke jaana she smiled, we walked to the room and slept in kumbal nude.

But she was wearing the panty and she slept all night in my arms and heat of her boobs was driving me crazy when I woke up I saw her in kitchen serving food and she said now go and have a bath. So I thought all of it was over suddenly a call came from my tauji saying that they will cum till afternoon ok whatever I thought.

I went to washroom got all nude and started to have bath then suddenly my sister came and hugged me from behind and I was happy to see that she was in same condition only in panties and she hold my penis and kissed it and I again kissed her and for this time for about 60 minutes this time.

I had surely kissed every part of her body. I smelled her neck, hair and did other things after that it was her turn and she played with me like anything again for 40 minutes after that I removed her panties and she began to suddenly moan she kissed my neck pulled my hair bit me but I anyhow removed it and her vagina was in contact.

But didn't inserted it in and I made her sit and multi bucket and with both hand hands I started to press her boobs and lick her vagina for 10 minutes then I lifted her in my arms and carried her to drawing room and threw her on couch she laid like a model and I fell on her and I was in her.

She shouted like anything and told me to get out and when she threw I got angry and made her sit on the floor like a dog and gave her an anal then suddenly went to another room brought a mirror placed it beside and enter her anal and I rapid dally started to move it and out.

I could see her bouncing boobs aur majzaa aa rha tha she moan sexy and after 10 minutes of it I cum and she said it's all over but I didn't agreed I took her up again in arms and went to again washroom switched on cool shower and I and she were having a standing one as soon.

I entered her she screamed like anything but I continued and said it's too deep and sexy I put my mouth between her boobs and started to swipe my tongue against the we did this for about 15 minutes and I was feeling like cuming again so I brought it out (as I didn't had a condom) but she pulled it in and said kuch nahi hota ghar ki hi to baat hai after that.

I made her lie on wet bathroom floor lied on her and put my tongue in her boobs and penis in choot and after 5 minutes of rapidly in and out penis I cum and she also satisfied herself and suddenly brought my penis out I laid all sperms on her body and bounced her boobs and wore clothes but she came out in same condition fingered her choot and said firse zarroore aaanaaa. I dressed her up and went to metro station for my next adventure.

 