"I loathe Hollywood week," Simon said, sitting next to her on the airplane. Paula sighed, heavily. This was not the first, second, or third time he'd made the statement since boarding the airplane. They were flying from London to L.A. because Season eight's Hollywood week was beginning in a few days. Simon had wanted to stay in London until the last possible moment, but Paula had persuaded them to leave a little early so they could finalize the sale of Paula's house.

They spent almost all their time in the States at the Malibu house now, or in Simon's other sprawling L.A. mansion when the weather was off. Paula didn't like being so close to the shore when it was stormy. Paula was sad about selling her house; she'd put years of effort into decorating it just so, but she'd bought it with Brad and Simon didn't want to live in a house she'd shared with him. Plus, he thought it was way too small. There was a lot she loved about the Malibu house anyway – it was beautiful, it was just the right size, and it had even renewed her friendship with Emilio. She and Simon had dinner with Emilio and Sonja almost once a month when they were in the States.

"I mean, what is the bloody point?" Simon was still ranting about Idol.

"I know, baby," she said, not really listening. She was reading the latest issue of British Cosmopolitan. There had been a picture of Simon and her together in the front of the issue. Not an article, but a blurb about buying their London flat and Simon finally being 'tamed' by Paula. He'd scoffed.

"At least there's only two more seasons of this shitty show," he growled.

"Don't say that!" she said, gasping. She hated talking about the end of Idol. She knew, of course, that 10 years was a long time for any television show to run, especially a reality show, but the ideal of not doing Idol scared her. "We owe a lot to American Idol and you know it."

"I'll be happy when we don't have make these bloody flights all the time," he muttered. She knew he was just picking a fight out of boredom but she decided to bite anyway.

"So you're agreeing to move to the States full time," she said. "Good to know."

"No, I'm not agreeing to that and you know it!" he said loudly.

"I'm not leaving America! California is my home," she said, icily.

"And London is mine," he said back.

"Then you'll just have to deal with the flights," she said, patiently.

"Or we could just break up and never see each other again," he muttered, crossing his arms and slumping in the seat. He stared past her, out the window into the night sky.

Paula rolled her eyes. If she had a nickel for every time Simon threatened to break-up with her, she'd be a millionaire all over again.

"I'd give you one week before you were crawling back, begging for my hot body," Paula said, returning her attention to the magazine in her lap. "Why don't you just simmer down?"

"I'm perfectly fine," he said. She sighed theatrically and reached into her purse beneath the seat. She fished around for a while until she found the sleeping pill she'd brought with her. She handed it to him.

"I'm not tired," he said.

"That's the point," she said. "Take it and go to sleep so I don't have to kill you."

"You don't have the balls," he said, glaring.

"And neither will you if you don't swallow this right now," she said, her voice soft and warning. Simon winked at her and took the pill. Twenty minutes later, he was asleep against her shoulder.

oooo

Sitting behind the judge's table was both exciting and comfortable. She'd been doing it for nearly a decade now, and yet every time she sat in her chair, she felt like it was the first time. The anticipation; the not knowing how it was all to turn out.

Randy was already seated when she slipped into her chair and about a minute later, Simon showed up.

"Can we start?" Nigel asked, crossly.

"I wish we would," Simon said back, as if he'd been waiting for ages. Paula rolled her eyes, and Randy chose to stay out of it. Paula could see the new batch of contestants milling around backstage and generally looking on the verge of tears or vomiting, or both.

"Seacrest, let's go," Nigel yelled and Ryan hotfooted it up onto the stage. As soon as the camera's turned on, he started his spiel about the bloodbath that was Hollywood week and then turned to introduce the judges.

"We have the talented Randy Jackson, and our resident love-birds, Paula Abdul and Simon Cowell," Ryan said into the camera. Paula nodded at the lens that had turned to their table.

"Does the term I told you so mean anything to you, America?" Ryan said into the camera. Simon rolled his eyes but let his arm fall across the back of her chair. Paula wouldn't have thought that the worst part of dating Simon would be Ryan Seacrest but Ryan by far was the most obnoxious about the two of them being together.

When the story had first broken, he'd produced and hosted an E! News special on their relationship and Simon didn't speak to him for a month.

"Have you no sense of loyalty?" Paula had asked him genuinely saddened that Ryan couldn't seem to leave well enough alone.

"It's my job," Ryan had said. "And I've been saying it for years."

"But it only just happened," Paula had argued but Ryan hadn't believed them. Things were still a little tense between everyone because of it.

The first couple months after the Heathrow picture was published had been hellish. They were hounded by paparazzi day and night. It made Simon want to stay in the house as much as possible, but then people just speculated about them staying so many nights in, alone together. No matter what they did, there were articles, pictures and news shows speculating about their relationship – past, present, and future. More than one publication painted Paula as the other woman – implying the Simon had cheated on Terri. Finally, Paula had enough.

"I'm not a whore," she'd said. "We need to do something about this."

So they did what any respectable celebrity couple would do. They went to Barbara Walters.

Their special had aired, conveniently and not accidentally, after the season seven American Idol finale.

"Tell us once and for all," Barbara had said. "Are you together?"

"Yes," said Simon, grinning like the cat who'd caught the canary. "We are."

"Why the lying, then?" Barbara had asked.

"We never lied," Paula said. "We just didn't feel the need to share our personal lives with the public."

"But you're doing so now," Barbara had pointed out.

"Paula and I are tired of the lies being printed. I never cheated on my girlfriend. There was no grand affair. Paula is a good woman who would never do something like that. We were both single when we started seeing one another," Simon had said, carefully.

It didn't make them less popular with the paparazzi, the Walters interview, but at least Paula knew the truth was out there – whether anyone believed it was up to them. When Idol started, nothing really changed. Simon was still a jerk and Paula still tried valiantly to make lemonade out of lemons and they still fought. He still tickled her and she still danced with the fast songs and clapped and cheered for every performance, good or bad. She still occasionally sat on his lap during sweet, slow songs.

Everyone, Nigel at the top of that list, had feared that their relationship would change the show, but it hadn't. The dynamic had stayed the same.

They got two hours for lunch.

"Come on," Simon had said, practically yanking Paula out of her chair and into the parking lot.

"Where are we going?" she asked. "Please don't make me skip lunch for some errand. You know I'm a bitch when I don't eat."

"I have to run to the office," he said. "Don't worry. We'll be back before you know it."

Paula didn't complain. A trip to the U.S. offices of Syco meant she got to see one of her favorite people.

And the offices were close, only a few blocks away from the theater in Hollywood. When they entered the office space, the receptionist smiled at them and waved them into the back. From down the hall, Paula could hear Lauren's voice.

Simon had hired Lauren to run his production company's office. She had the mind to over see the whole operation and she'd gotten a significant pay raise. Lauren glanced up from her phone call and waved excitedly.

"I have to go," she said. "Bye." She hung up the phone and walked around the desk to hug Paula.

"Hi!" Paula squealed, holding Lauren tightly.

"It's so good to see you," Lauren said. "I thought you were filming all day!"

"We are," Paula grumbled. "We're on lunch."

"Hi sugar daddy," Lauren greeted, allowing Simon to kiss her cheek. It turned out that when Lauren wasn't always standing between him and Paula, Simon liked her quite a lot. Paula had given Lauren the blessing to leave her and go work for Simon after a year and a half of having her as her personal assistant.

"I've told you not to call me that," Simon scolded, but everyone knew he liked it. It was dirty, Simon's style.

"Sorry, sorry," she said. "I have the contracts for you. I need them back in two days, and I can come get them from wherever, just make sure you sign at every notation."

"Yes, fine," he said.

"Lauren you should come watch the rest of the day," Paula said.

"Um, excuse me, but she's working," said Simon, taking the contracts from her, a huge stack of papers, held together by a flimsy folder and several rubber bands.

"Well maybe her boss should give her the day off," Paula said.

"Well maybe the talent should mind her own business," Simon said back.

"Well maybe the boss shouldn't have poached my assistant!" Paula snarled.

"Why don't we get dinner afterward?" Lauren said, smoothing stepping between them. "And cocktails. Lots of cocktails."

"Oh, all right," Paula said.

"I'll walk you out," Lauren said, just as her phone started to ring. "Or, I'll catch up," she said. Paula and Simon went out of the office. When Lauren finally made it out to the parking lot of finalize their dinner plans, she saw Paula and Simon standing by the car, lips locked in a particularly steamy make up kiss. She rolled her eyes. When their relationship had first gone public, their amount of fighting had doubled.

But really, fighting meant more making up, and Lauren had never seen a couple who so loved to make up. Lauren watched Simon slide his hand down to Paula's ass and give her a good squeeze.

"All right," Lauren called. "That's enough of that."

"Sorry," Paula said, grinning. "He's just so cute."

"Come to the Malibu house," Simon said. "For dinner."

"Fine," she said. "I love nothing more than being the third wheel to your make-out sessions."

"We'll bring a fourth," Paula said. "How about that?"

"But not Nadia," Lauren said. Nadia was Paula's new assistant, her second since Lauren had moved on to Syco. First had been Molly, who'd been a disaster and had worked for less than a month. Lauren had hired Nadia for Paula and she was good, but it wasn't the same. She was coolly professional with Paula and while there was nothing wrong with her work, Paula couldn't confide in her the way she could with Lauren. Lauren had hired Nadia, but admitted that the woman made her uncomfortable.

"No, no, we'll find some young thing for you to devour," Simon said. "We've got to go or we really will miss lunch." Lauren waved as they drove away. They had enough time for a bite to eat before they were back behind the table, listening to more young things sing for their lives.

On stage was a beautiful girl who was currently warbling her way through a Janet Jackson song. Paula remembered a sweet voice in auditions but here she was succumbing to her nerves. She could tell Simon had already given up on her when he leaned over and started playing with her hair. She glanced at him sideways, a warning not to be rude but he, of course, ignored her.

"What about Ryan?" he whispered.

"Huh?" she asked.

"For dinner," he said, his lips close enough to her ear that she got a little chill. She wondered if the camera was on them.

"You aren't paying attention," she tried to scold, but it was breathy.

"She's out," Simon said, confidently. "Who cares?"

But on the stage, the girl finished her song and they had to focus. Randy told her, basically, that she wasn't good enough.

"I think it was a poor song for you," Paula said. "But you look great."

"Simon?" asked Ryan.

"I was so bored that I had to resort to whispering sweet nothings in my girlfriend's ear just to stay awake," he said. "I didn't vote for you to come to Hollywood and I'm not voting yes now."

"Ouch," said Ryan. "Another harsh critique from Simon. Next up, we have..."

"That was mean," Paula whispered, poking him in the ribs. "Don't blame me for you not paying attention."

"You never answered my question," he chided.

"Talk to me after the show," she said, stubbornly, and scooted her chair away from his wandering hands.

After filming, he knocked on her dressing room door.

"Ryan, yay or nay?" he asked. "I want to catch him before he leaves."

"Ryan? For Lauren?" Paula asked. "I don't know."

"It's just dinner, babe, it's not matchmaking. Besides, he just broke up with what's her face, maybe he'd like a nice homemade meal," Simon said.

"That's true," Paula reasoned. "Okay, invite him."

"Will you be ready when I come back?" he asked, looking at the mess of make-up, clothes, and shoes that made up her dressing room.

"Yeah, yeah," she said, waving him away.

oooo

They just barely made it to the house before Lauren pulled up. She waved at Simon standing over the outside grill and let her self in where Paula was working on a salad.

"Hey honey," Paula said. "There's wine over there."

"Thanks," Lauren said. "How was filming?"

"I don't know how people can be so good in the initial audition and just tank in Hollywood," she said. "It's so frustrating."

"I don't miss that part," Lauren admitted. "So..." She made a point to look around the house, and under the table. "Where is my dinner partner?"

"He'll be along," Paula said.

"He?"

"Okay, so it was Simon's idea," Paula warned. "I really don't know your type, so maybe... but if not, blame him."

"Now that's a ringing endorsement," Lauren said. They both heard the sound of a car door closing. "Is that him?"

"Must be," Paula said. Lauren moved to the window.

"No, it isn't. It's just Ryan," Lauren said.

"Um," Paula said, smiling slightly. Lauren looked at her, and her mouth fell open.

"RYAN?" Lauren asked. "SEACREST?"

"It isn't a date, it's just dinner with friends," Paula said. "Don't freak out."

"He's the most sexually ambiguous man I've ever met," Lauren pointed out.

"No!" Paula said. "No, he's straight. Trust me – over the hill pop stars know the gays and Ryan is straight. He's just... picky about his appearance. But give him a chance. He just broke up with this girl we all hated. Think about how nice it would be for him to find a woman who wasn't a gold digger or insane!"

Their conversation was cut short when Ryan and Simon came in, already laughing about something they'd seen earlier that day.

"Hi boys," Paula said. "How is the meat coming?"

"Fine. Not that you'll eat it," Simon said.

"You remembered my veggie burger?" she asked.

"Of course," Simon answered, kissing her lips lightly. "God forbid you have enough usable protein."

"Luckily you aren't my father, so I don't have to do what you say," she retorted.

"Hey! Lauren!" Ryan said, loudly, cutting into the start of another argument.

"Hi Ryan," Lauren said. "Nice to see you again."

"How is the new job coming?" he asked, and they moved to the bar to get Ryan a drink. Paula and Simon watched them start an amiable conversation.

"See?" Simon asked. "I'm a genius."

"Pfft," Paula said. "Lauren was half convinced he was gay until 30 seconds ago."

"She can't be blamed for that," he agreed.

As the evening wore on, everyone got along well.

"I'm going to the new club in West Hollywood tonight, you guys up for it?" Ryan asked.

"Not me," Paula said. "I'm beat."

"Me too," Simon said. "Where Paula goes, so goes my nation."

"But, Lauren lives in West Hollywood. You should go," Paula said.

"Maybe," Lauren said. "I'm not much of a partier."

"I'm an expert," Ryan said. "I'll show you the ropes."

"Okay," Lauren said with a smile. "Sure."

Simon and Paula stood together on the porch and waved Ryan and Lauren off for the night. Simon put his arm over her and held her close.

"Yep," he said. "I'm a genius."

"Okay," she admitted. "Maybe this one time you were right." She pulled his face down and kissed him. "My hero."

"Come on, baby," he said. "Let's go to bed."

It used to be that Simon would be at the club too, but now he was content to go to bed with the woman he loved and let Ryan and Lauren party the night away.

Of course, that was a different love story and Simon was happy with the one he was living.