Megan and Jessie #1: A walk in the Woods 
by Jappio 

Part 1 

"Jessie, hurry up and get your clothes back on.  What if someone catches us?" Jessie ignored my pleas though.  She only gave her care free smile as she peeked out from the bushes we were hiding behind.  She didn't have a stitch of clothing on her.  I didn't know what to do though.  I wanted her to get dressed before things would get out of hand like they usually do, but something inside of me wanted this to continue. 

I should probably explain things just a bit more though.  My name is Megan, and the naked girl next to me is Jessie.  The two of us have been friends for what seem forever.  Megan is the type of girl who gets an idea in her head and runs with it.  She's probably the most care free person I know.  Megan wouldn't describe me that way though.  She says I need to learn to loosen up more.  Her favorite analogy for it is, "If we were one person, I'd be the subconscious and you'd be the voice of reason." 

Now her being naked out here in the middle of the park would be an example of her care free nature.  Why she isn't embarrassed to be naked in front of me, why she isn't afraid of getting caught, and why she feels so compelled to do this stuff is beyond me. 

Most of you might be thinking that me asking her to get dressed and stuff is a sign that I'm just looking out for her modesty, trying to keep her safe.  Well although partially true, there sort of is more to it.  It's embarrassing to admit, but honestly I'd prefer if she stayed naked. 

She is an incredibly beautiful woman.  A cute face with a smile that could make you melt.  Her figure is so well kept and toned in the right spots.  I can only describe her curves as flawless.  She might not be voluptuous goddess that some people are into, but in my eyes she is near perfect.  Her breasts aren't big honking double d's, but I think her C-cups are incredible on her frame.  Her bottom knows how to be nice and small but bubbly and bouncy at the right times.  Her legs may not be the long sexy kind you see in some nudie mags, but I could kiss every inch of them and die happy.  Then there is her treasured little spot between her legs, the area she even shaves bare.  I can't believe my fortune with the amount of times I get to see her wonderful body. 

Oh god this is embarrassing.  This is part of my problem you see.  When it involves Jessie and her body, I seem to put myself into some embarrassing situation.  You must all think I'm some freak to be into her body like that.  I've sort of have had a crush on her for awhile.  I know it isn't normal for a girl to get a crush on her best friend, another girl even, but it just sort of worked out that way.  We've always been so close, and feelings for her started to grow.  It doesn't help that she prances around without clothing either. 

So I don't so much have a problem with her exposing her body.  I'd be happy to look at it all the time.  I do worry she might get herself into an embarrassing situation or into some trouble, but I more so worry about myself when she gets naked. 

When she is like this, I don't think straight.  You're the only people I've ever admitted my feelings, none of my friends, and especially her, have a clue.  I'd rather it didn't get in the way of our friendship really. 

Well when she is naked, things get sort of tough.  One part of it is that it's hard to hide that I like her when she has her whole body right there for me to see.  It's almost as if she is offering me her body, and it's hard to not stare for too long or admit something I probably shouldn't. 

Then comes the issue where Jessie likes company when she is taking risks. I'd probably live a pretty boring life if it weren't for her.  She insists on making me have fun, and I guess that's another reason I like her. However, when she gets naked, she eventually comes up with a way to get me naked.  Thinking back every time I don't see how her arguments work on me.  Normally I'd be able to argue out of such ridiculous plans as hers, especially if someone else suggested them.  As I've said, I have issues when it's Jessie and her body though.  I'm too busy being hypnotized by her bare skin to properly say no.  That's why I try to get her to put her clothes on, so mine can stay on too! 

I remember back when we were 13, years ago.  I was staying at her house one night.  I had started developing these feelings for her, and they left me pretty confused.  I didn't get why I wasn't into boys like everyone else. Well she was never shy, so even though I was definitely shy about my developing body, she'd just merrily change out of her clothes and into her Pj's with me in the room.  This was different that night though, she also took off her underwear.  I asked her what she was doing and she told me about how for the last few weeks she'd been sleeping naked.  She also explained how one night she even took a walk outside in her backyard.  I told her she was crazy, but she then wanted to prove it. 

It was so late at that point, her parent were sleeping.  I remember my heart was racing as she pulled me by the hand through her house.  She was completely naked.  I was still clothed, but I couldn't help but be worried for the both of us.  I know we were young back then, but I still wasn't able to look away from her bare flesh.  I didn't know why I couldn't take my eyes off of her.  It didn't take her long to get us out her back door and into the cool night.  My mouth was probably open the whole time as she adventured around her yard.  I truly didn't get why she was doing it, and I was really worried we could get in trouble. 

When she started to giggle and pulled at my Pj's, I didn't know how to stop her.  Either I was too tired and shocked, or my feelings for her were stronger than I thought back then.  She had me stripped naked and I didn't even make a peep.  I remember covering up and being so shy.  She was happy to go anywhere in the yard, but unless she pulled me somewhere, I'd hide off to the side, covering myself up.  After that day though, things kept escalating.  Jessie never knew when to stop, so from what I can tell I'm stuck with this for awhile. 

It's hard to tell why she tries and strip me.  I mean she says she's just trying to get me to have fun, to loosen up, and a few other things.  I worry sometimes she does it because she knows it embarrasses me.  I know it isn't a sexual advance, since Jessie really isn't that type of girl. Nudity to her seems just so casual or something. 

That's sort of how things led up to today.  We had just done some shopping and decided to spend some time in the park.  We were just walking around when Jessie suddenly did her thing.  She got a twinkle in her eye and began to giggle and smile.  She pulled me along till we were hidden in the woods at the side.  By now I'm able to tell this essentially meant she had some type of naughty idea in her head. 

She never answers me when I ask what she is planning.  I guess she knows by now that I'd probably just try to stop her if I knew.  So even in my heart I knew what was going to happen, I wasn't fully prepared when she was pulling her tank top over her head. 

As usual she wasn't wearing a bra today.  I worry she knows about my feelings.  She knows that I'm opposed to her stripping us out here in public.  If she knew about my feelings, she might do things like forgo the bra just to make sure I stay nice and quiet, too busy watching her reveal herself.  I never seem to get tired of it, and I sometimes wish I would. 

Conversely, I wish she did know though.  She strips a little too fast for me to properly saver it.  Before I even got a good look at her breast, she pushed her shorts and panties to the ground.  Just once I wish she'd take it slow, a little more teasing in her strip.  I guess she really doesn't know the way I feel. 

There I go again though, gushing on and on about her.  Trust me when I say I'm not normally like this.  I wouldn't dare tell anyone how I want to see my best friend slowly strip for me.  I wouldn't dare let anyone know about our naked time together either.  Yet I guess I can't keep quiet forever. 

So now we're up to speed.  She's naked and looking out into the park as I hope she gets dressed soon before this gets out of hand. 

"Think I could make it over to the restroom?" Jessie asked me.  Her total disregard for what I was saying told me she was too far gone.  I knew I'd have to come up with some reason fast so I'd be able to avoid her getting me stripped, but I also couldn't get the image out of my mind of seeing her naked body running to the bathroom. 

She'd have to run out in the open space ahead of us.  Although this area of the park was more secluded, if anyone decided to walk around the pond near us would definitely be able to see her.  I swear I was never into voyeurism or exhibitionism type stuff before Jessie dragged me in.  It's her fault that at night I find myself going to sites and watching videos or reading stories of this type of stuff, picturing her and me being the stars of those.  Had she not got me hooked, I might be a bit normal. 

Obviously I was too lost in fantasy to answer her, but I guess she didn't need one.  Next thing I know I see her butt bouncing as she runs off away from me.  I'd go after her, but I'd rather just watch here.  She was completely without clothes or hiding, and yet there she was running off smiling.  I didn't know if I liked the view from back here or if I would have preferred being by the bathroom to see her running towards me. 

As soon as she was entering the ladies room though, I knew I should probably follow.  I knew I shouldn't have let her out of my site.  I went running after her.  I hope she's alone, or else I might have to help her out of a mess trying to explain why she is naked. 

When I got inside I saw Jessie standing there, hands on hips, smiling broadly at me.  I guess this was her idea of greeting me. 

"What if I was someone else coming through this door?" I warned her.  I was thinking how that person would be very lucky though. 

"Then I suppose they'd get quite the surprise," she laughed.  I could only sigh.  She never seemed to take the risk seriously.  I wish she could at least hide better some times.  Would it have killed her to hide in a stall?  I don't know what I'd do if I was caught with her like this, what would people think?  I mean my crush is a secret.  Someone could walk in at any moment and think that we were some weird perverted couple.  I mean I don't think Jessie is a pervert, but that wouldn't stop other people from thinking that, right? 

"Now how about you get those clothes off and we can head back into the woods, take a delightful nature stroll," Jessie suddenly offered. 

I knew this was coming.  I could swear I had a good argument before as I came running to the bathroom.  She's giving that smile of hers too.  I can't stop looking, I need to say something.  It's hard saying "no" to the naked girl of your dreams, you know? 

"Always with the shy act honey?  You know it's not too hard once you get this stuff off," Jessie said as she circled around me.  Oh my god, I can feel her reaching her hands around me and to my waist.  She's pulling my shirt up.  I can feel my heart beat.  Every time she does this, I have to wonder if this will be the day that she will do more than just strip me. It's moments like this that I picture that leave me up at night, rustling around in bed unable to sleep.  I know to her she was just playfully stripping me, but the level of eroticism in it for me was unbearable.  I really am hopeless I'm starting to think. 

So she was able to get my shirt up and over my head, without me fighting it.  Before I could get too worried though about standing with my bra on show in the public bathroom, I was a little worried what Jessie thought of my bra.  It wasn't the most flattering thing around.  Now I know this probably sounds stupid, but normally if I think Jessie might be doing something, I put on something sexier under my clothes.  I know it's a long shot, but I sort of just hope to impress her.  Sadly today I just had on an ugly sports bra. 

"Now that just won't due Megs, let me get that horrid thing off," Jessie's words were sharper than I thought they would be.  I know it was ugly, but to think she thought I looked that bad. 

I was too hurt to even think about how she was now removing my bra. "There are those cute nipples of yours.  I have to say you look a hundred million times better," she complimented.  I would have been ready to whine and complain about being topless, yet my heart was fluttering too much now. I was actually smiling a little too, between blushing of course.  I know her compliments were just meant to be friendly, but they meant a lot more to me. 

"Get these things down and off too," Jessie was muttering as she was crouching at my side.  I side stepped and grabbed my pants.  I had to slow her down before I was naked as her. 

"Woah, I don't know about this.  You know I don't want to get caught." It's an age old argument for me, but I had to try something. 

"We won't get caught, if we're lucky," her cute grin appeared again. She moved closer to me.  I would have moved away again, but as she moved closer, in her crouched position very little was hidden.  Her shaven mound probably could have gotten me to cluck like a chicken it was so hypnotizing. 

Now her head was just inches away from my crotch.  Her hands played with the button on my jeans.  She had them open and was pulling the zipper down. My plain white panties were being shown to her.  I couldn't help but whimper a little.  I was again running a fantasy through my mind. 

My whimper had gotten her attention and Jessie looked up.  She probably saw some fear in my eyes and decided to pull away.  Luckily it was only the fear she saw, because at that moment I was a mix of worry and anticipation. I had to breathe a sigh of relief. 

"I'll let you keep the pants for now, but once we get into the woods you're joining me all of the way," she warned me.  Of course in my mind I wished her accidental innuendo was what she actually meant. 

"Let's not wait any longer though.  The longer we stay here, the less fun we can have." She was out the door before I could stop her.  I knew I had to follow quickly.  Beyond not wanting to stay in the bathroom topless by myself, I also wanted to be with her. 

I went to grab my clothes so I could maybe cover with them for the short run, but I couldn't find them.  When I looked out the door I could see them bundled up under Jessie's arm.  I hated when she did that type of thing.  I knew I couldn't wait for her; I'd have to run topless to the woods like she intended. 


Part 2 

I inched my way to the very edge of the bathroom.  I knew I'd have a distance to travel without any hiding.  I had both hands on a breast.  I knew if anyone saw it would be obvious I was topless sadly.  Of course since I didn't hear any whooping and hollering, no one saw Jessie.  I knew now was my best chance. 

I took off at fast speed, trying to not look too much to the side.  All I told myself in my head was that Jessie was waiting naked for me at the other side.  It's embarrassing to admit, but I think that motivated me more than the wanting to reach cover. 

Jessie was waiting as expected.  She gave me a moment to catch my breath, but didn't give it much time until she asked for the rest of my clothes.  How I wished she'd ask for my clothes in a situation that wasn't her silly little games. 

"Hurry up already, I want to get going soon.  We don't want to be out till dark," Jessie wasn't one to hesitate ever obviously.  I was able to get my pants pushed down and off.  A normal person probably wouldn't just strip on command like that, but I think at this point I might do anything for Jessie with the right amount of push.  I did also sort of want to be naked with her here, even if I was afraid. 

Like usual I stalled at my panties.  I have a hard time exposing myself to her truthfully.  I'm always worried what she actually thinks.  I mean you'd all blush if your pants fell down in front of your crush, right?  I always seem to end up naked, but I never get use to it. 

Jessie isn't totally cruel though.  She could tell I didn't want to take off my panties.  "Dear, you can keep the panties if you really want to." It's a good thing she did speak up.  Another moment or two and I'd probably be pulling them down and off.  She spared me the embarrassment. 

"Time to go have some fun," she said marching off, barely giving me enough chance to get our clothes hidden under a bush.  I caught up and crept behind her.  I had my hands on my breast again, too shy to just let them bounce around freely.  Jessie just had her hands at her sides, so all of her body was offered for me to see, which I honestly couldn't complain about. 

Although going through the trees and woods was a bit rough at first, Jessie led us to a path.  I knew one way would go back into the park, and I was relieved when Jessie chose to go the other way.  I didn't know where this path led at all though.  All I knew was that we were heading farther and farther from our clothes.  All I had on out here were my panties and shoes, Jessie didn't even have panties. 

I didn't get how she was able to walk so care free ahead of me.  She didn't have any way to hide her body beyond diving into the bushes, but she just walked along as if nothing was different.  Was I gifted that the crush of my life was happy to get naked in my presence, or do I consider it a curse? 

I sort of envied her too.  I bet if she were in my position, she wouldn't be hiding her breast under her hands.  She'd happily show them off. She'd probably also not bother hiding her feelings either.  She'd declare them loudly and proudly. 

I thought about being brave like her.  I thought about telling her, but it would be too much.  I'm not ready to really tell her about something big like that.  I decided if I couldn't tell her my feelings, I could in the very least uncover my breast.  That's easier said than done though.  As soon as I was able to move my hands down to my sides, I couldn't help but notice that my nipples were poking against my palms.  I knew without my hands, more than just my breast would be on show; Jessie would also be able to tell that I was turned on.  With a basic reflex my hands were up on my breast again. 

In the past Jessie has taken note of my hard nipples, she usually jokes about it being cold air, or sometimes attributing it to the exciting situation of being naked in public.  What she doesn't know is that they get like that because of her.  It's so embarrassing that I get like this by seeing my best friend naked, it really is. 

"Don't back down, Jessie wouldn't," I told myself.  I know it would be embarrassing, but I couldn't hide forever.  If I wasn't able to do this simple task, then I'd never be able to tell her how I feel.  With a deep breath, I closed my eyes and put my hands down at my sides.  I took a few steps and then opened my eyes again.  Jessie wasn't looking back, so she hadn't noticed yet.  I looked down at my own breast, bobbling out in view now.  I couldn't believe I was actually able to do that on my own.  I was starting to think it wouldn't be impossible one day to reveal more than just my breast to Jessie. 

"Hey, I think someone is coming our way, should we give them a show?" Jessie asked me.  I just looked up and saw up ahead on the path what looked to be people approaching.  Between us and them the forest was still thick, so there was a chance they hadn't noticed our naked bodies.  I know I wanted to be bolder, but not this bold.  My body just reacted and I suddenly pushed Jessie and myself off the path. 

The first thing I did was crouch down and hide behind a large plant. Jessie was still standing though; she would be far too easy to see there. 

"Jessie, get down here, you don't want to get caught!" I tried pleading with her. 

"We'll have it your way then," she giggled as she began to lower herself. I never could wrap my head around how Jessie was Ok with people catching us naked.  She always acted so calm in these situations.  This would be one thing if she was the only one naked, but she seems to forget that unlike her, I'm shy. 

I was about to stick my head up to keep an eye out for the hikers approaching, but when Jessie finally settled down, she had chose to squat right behind me, and I mean right behind me.  I suddenly could feel her body against mine. 

I wanted to say something, but I couldn't.  She was so close to me.  I could feel on my back the soft mounds that were her breasts.  I could even feel her stiff nipples against my back. 

Her hands were on my hips for support too, I mean anyone seeing this would find it some sort of erotic embrace.  Jessie is far more touchy-feely than a friend should be probably.  She could have easily chosen to hide next to me, but instead she just settled in right behind me.  I wanted it to mean more, but I knew Jessie didn't mean anything by it.  Since we were little she'd hold hands with me as we walked, or gave me hugs when I feeling down.  Just another situation or her doing something without thinking about it.  Sexually natured thing just don't seem to faze her. 

I could hear her giggle, finding this whole scary situation fun.  I'd probably be shaking, but her body against mine was helping me not think too much about the situation.  I didn't even know the two hikers were so close to us until I heard a twig snap probably no more than 10 feet from us. 

They hadn't even gotten out of site, yet Jessie stood up anyways.  I looked around when I felt her moving and was about to yell at her and tell her to hide for a bit longer, but I was cut off when I got a very close look between her legs. 

"Let's not wait here all day now.  We'll get dirty if we just sit around in the dirt," Jessie said holding out her hand to help me up off the ground. Knowing her, she probably didn't know why my face was so red. 

I slowly stood.  I could see the two who passed not too far off, I didn't want them to look back and see us.  Jessie though didn't seem to mind the risk as we again were walking down the path.  I was hoping that'd be the last time we came across anyone. 

"We're probably half way there, you ready to ditch the white?" Jessie asked me.  I of course wasn't sure if I was ready to fully join the naked hike, I also wasn't too thrilled that we just starting to get to the halfway point, my heart was already stressed out enough. 

She really did seem to want me to be naked though.  I know most of you probably think I'm weak, but I didn't want to tell her no.  She wanted me to enjoy being naked with her, and I didn't want to disappoint.  I clenched my teeth, I hoped we'd be alone until we were again clothed, and I took off my last piece of modesty preserving clothing. 

My special place wasn't left out in the air for too long without the soft cotton protecting them.  As soon as I had my panties in hand, my hands went between my legs.  I know most of you think it's pathetic that I can't let the girl I like, and the girl I've seen naked a lot of time, my own naked body.  I'm just too shy though.  I don't know what she really thinks of me, what she really thinks about my body.  I just blush thinking about her looking down there.  Every time she gets a peek my face gets covered in red. 

We continued our walk, but Jessie didn't leave me alone for long.  "Why not ditch the panties?  This walk is so much fun when you don't have to worry about carrying something around," she recommended me. 

"I don't know, it's just I don't want to lose them." I said trying to make an excuse.  The truth was though was I didn't want to lose my safety net of cover. 

"Well then, I have an idea, hand them to me," she asked.  I didn't know what she was planning, and without thinking I handed them to her.  I made sure to keep my hand between my legs.  I blushed thinking about how she now had in her hands my unmentionables. 

In no time she had my panties tied in a little bundle around her wrist. "A cute little ribbon, wouldn't you say?" she jokingly asked holding her wrist out towards me.  I couldn't help but giggle myself, but I was all the same embarrassed knowing that was my underwear around her wrist. 

I still had my hands between my legs, and the lost of the panties would have been something I'd be Ok with, but I started to think about what her having my panties meant.  I knew I was just that much more naked without them, but I also noticed something on my hands. 

This is really embarrassing to admit, but having Jessie run around naked in front of me and me being naked too is something that is...  well it's a bit of a turn on.  Well I suppose it's more than just a bit... 

OK fine!  It's what fuels my fantasies, it gets me horny, it is what gets me all hot and bothered!  My nipples grow hard, and I get wet between my legs.  Even right then and there with my hands between my legs I could feel my own juices.  I was very glad that my hands would hide that from Jessie, but then I remembered what was around her wrist.  If they had soaked anything up at all, she would know! 

She was already starting to walk again, but I couldn't move right away. I would be very humiliated if she ever noticed that.  I know she occasionally teases me for the hard nipples, but she has never noticed just how far these stunts of hers take me.  She would surely think I'm some crazy slut. 

"You coming?" She asked stopping and waiting for me.  She had her same happy tone as usual, so maybe she wasn't able to notice anything.  I still worried, but I continued to walk with her.  Even with this impending humiliation, I was still aroused. 

It isn't easy keeping your hands still between your legs while you watch a butt like Jessie's bare bottom bouncing in front of you.  The movement and friction of my legs as we walked wasn't helping the matter.  I had to be strong though and resist my urges; there was no way I was going to lose control of myself in front of Jessie. 

Jessie of course didn't have this problem.  Sure she seemed to get excited and thrilled on these adventures, but I never seen her lust or anything.  She kept her hands at her sides, just enjoying nature.  She didn't care what came into contact with her skin, the air, light, or other people's vision.  She truly was pure and beautiful. 

I do feel guilty.  I mean she just does this to enjoy herself.  All I do is follow along and stare at her body.  I don't think anyone else would do any better considering though.  Anyways, I suppose me looking isn't too bad, if she is happy to show anyways? 

Maybe I shouldn't be so shy either.  I mean if I ever do want to tell her how I feel, I need to be ready to share my secrets, including my body. She probably wouldn't want to be with someone too shy to show her their body.  She also wasn't looking back my way, so it wouldn't be too bad. 

I then put my hands at my sides, just like her, although I was probably tenser.  Now just like her, my naked body was uncovered too.  Now if she wanted to look at me, she could. 

Of course I my hands were twitchy, and once or twice when I thought she was going to turn around they were quick to cover up. 


Part 3 

I couldn't tell very well how long we were out there.  I finally got my hands under control, and Jessie even looked back a couple of times and saw my naked body.  I didn't see her glance too much, but I know at least once her eyes narrowed in on my hairs down below!  The blush on my face was truly something else after that. 

I thought we were going to make it without any more close calls too, yet my luck wouldn't be that good.  Again two people were approaching us. "Quick, we have to hide," I whispered. 

"Let's just keep going, we'll be fine, trust me," she tried assuring me. Was she nuts!?  I never understand how she can just approach people when we're naked.  I use to hide every time, but I started to feel too guilty to leave her alone like this.  I don't know why either, but I really did feel I could trust her. 

I know I was going on about trying to be ok with exposing myself, but with these two guys approaching, my hands were clamped over my naughty bits. It wasn't much, but I'd at least have most of my breast and in-between my legs covered up.  I still was in awe at how Jessie kept her hands at her side. 

I saw the shocked expression of the people we were approaching.  They stopped in their tracks as they noticed we had no clothes on.  Who wouldn't stop when seeing two naked ladies walking down a forest path? 

I was ready to fall over with how weak my legs felt.  I wanted to just run and hide, not get closer to the two guys.  I was even more scared when I noticed the two of them probably went to our college, since the one guy who had a shirt on had our school letters.  They probably played on one of the teams by the looks of it.  Jessie was really Ok with marching our naked bodies past them? 

I was begging god at this point for them to not recognize us.  I would just die if I went to classes having people in class that actually know what I look like naked. 

"Hey, what do we have here?  A special show for us?" Did one of them actually speak?  Oh no, I really was hoping this would be like other times and just watch us walk by.  We were just walking around them and I was ready to run, but Jessie just stopped and turned around.  I would have kept going, but I couldn't leave her.  She did say we'd be fine. 

"No special show.  We're just enjoying a nice nature walk," she explained.  Oh my god, their eyes were all over us.  Jessie got most of the looks of course.  She wasn't hiding anything and that probably thrilled these two guys. 

"Perhaps you can enjoy yourselves with us?  We could take you back to our place?" The other asked.  Oh god they were hitting on us! 

"Sorry guys, but we prefer the scenery here," Jessie said, trying to turn them down. 

"You are right about the scenery here being great babe," I was starting to feel pretty jealous about these guys just staring Jessie up and down and hitting on her.  A selfish wish, but I would prefer to keep her naked body to myself.  I sadly didn't have the guts that these guys did.  I could never make such a bold approach on her. 

"We could always just slip off the trail if you wanted, I get if you can't wait." Maybe it was just my jealousy, but these guys were coming off as real jerks. 

"It's not that I can't wait, I just don't want to," Jessie retorted, how she was able to stay so confident while being naked in front of these guys is beyond me.  The fact she was naked really didn't seem to affect her. 

"Oh come on, you can't say you don't want some when you're dressed like that!" One of the guys questioned, but then he started to stare at me. "Also why are you naked if you aren't even going to show the goods?" I didn't like that the attention was on me.  I couldn't say anything though. I wanted to tell these muscle headed jerks off, but I just couldn't. 

"Cause you guys don't deserve to see her hot charms," Jessie said stepping in front of me.  Oh my I think my heart nearly stopped. 

"Well aren't you a little cock tease?  Just going to flaunt your stuff around?  How about you, maybe you're more up to play?" As he asked this, he pushed pass Jessie and grabbed my arm.  Before I knew what was happening he had pulled it away revealing my breast to the pig.  I was ready to scream or something; I didn't know what to do. 

However the grip on my arm loosened as I heard him groan in pain. Jessie was again in front of me, and the guy who grabbed me was now lowering to the ground, his hands over his groin.  Jessie had just kicked him where it hurt to defend me! 

"What the hell?" The guys friend said trying to help the other up. 

"Hope that hurt.  You shouldn't have messed with my friend.  You should know to keep your hands to yourself!" Jessie then wrapped an arm around my shoulders and we walked off.  My heart was practically soaring.  I really do think this is love I feel for her...  I probably wouldn't even be able to admit that here if it wasn't for what she did. 

Once we were away from the guys, Jessie again spoke, "I'm sorry about that.  Had I known they'd be like that, I'd have kicked them sooner." She was so strong, and so willing to be there for me.  There was just so much about her I loved. 

"Oh no, you don't need to apologize.  What you did was so amazing!  I mean, I really appreciate what you did there!" I was practically gushing actually.  I mean I should have been feeling more humiliated knowing that those guys just saw my breast or that I stood and did nothing that whole time, but all I could think about was how I felt about Jessie. 

"Don't mention it, that's what friends are for.  I wasn't about to let them mess with you," She reassured.  She squeezed her arm to give me a hug. I could feel her breast swell up against the side of mine! 

"Oh, but Jessie I really do want to thank you.  I mean you're so great. Pretty, smart, and brave.  I mean I really do love..." Oh god, what was I saying!  I couldn't go just blurting it out now.  I wasn't thinking straight!  I couldn't ruin this lovely moment and freak her out.  "Love how you handled those guys.  I can only hope he'll be hurting for a long time!" I think I covered my slip up well, because the two of us were giggling and enjoying ourselves all the way back to where our clothes were. 

She didn't touch her clothes, but I was getting my bra and shirt on fast. I knew though I didn't have my panties, so I had to ask for them back from Jessie. 

"Oh yeah, here you go," she said taking them off her wrist.  I took them, and even though I just spent a good amount of time with her naked, I still turned away as I pulled them up my legs.  I was getting my pants on when she started to giggle to herself. 

"What's so funny?" I asked her. 

"Oh nothing, just I wanted to make sure to remind you to wash those well. I know whenever I have an exciting day like today I end up needing to," She again was giggling to herself.  I was again totally red in the face though knowing what she just implied.  She did notice their moisture! 

Even though all the way home I was blushing and humiliated thinking about all the embarrassments in the day, the first thing I did when I got home was strip and lay in my bed.  Not only had I spent the day with the pleasure of seeing Jessie naked, not only did she stand up for me, but I also now knew that these little games of her probably lead to her going home and enjoying herself in the same way I was!  Although I suppose we each had different reasons to. 

The End