Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty-Eight: Mother Shows Her Daughter How to Please a Man
Summary: Kurits prepars for his trip to the desert.
Keywords: MFf inc oral facial creampie 1st wife cuck inter fantasy magic
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Free City of Hargone

The next morning, the Sahib's cousin showed up. I was eager for the meeting with the outfitter. We needed lots of supplies to cross the desert, the Savanna, and penetrate deep into the Uth Jungle. It would be a trek before us.

I was standing in the middle of the private garden. Palm trees grew around it to shade us from the sun. Two fountains bubbled, spilling their water into pools dotted with lotus flowers and reeds. Several smaller apricot trees dotted the area, their flowers just in bloom. The air held a sweet scent. My harem was with me. Diane danced to music only she could hear, looking so happy as her silvery hair spun around her body.

The Sahib came in first, clasping his hands. May I present my cousin, the illustrious Mohmut and his gorgeous wife, Anisha, and their lovely daughter, Zanya.

The owner of the Desert Hare stepped to the side and swept a bow. A man who had a similar face stepped through. He wore rich, blue robes and a turban fringed in gold. All of his fingers had gold rings with jewels on them: sapphires, turquoises, and blue garnets. He had oiled his beard to a point and wore a large smile.

His women were as ebony skinned as any in Hargone, his wife wearing a tight-fitting robe of purple with a belt of silver to accentuate her waist. The robe opened in the front to reveal a wonderful swath of her dark breasts draped in silver necklaces studded with amethysts. She wore a silk veil over her nose and mouth, her eyes dark and sultry. They fell on me. 

Her lusts quivered.

The daughter was clad in white trimmed in gold. She was more demure than her mother, her hands folded at her side. She wore her black hair a long braid that fell down her back. Golden chains were woven into the long tail.

She glanced at me and looked away, a moment desire washing through her. The innocent sort. A virgin. Fourteen, maybe. She was delicious. I loved the sight of her. I smiled, my dick throbbing hard. I wanted to just take her right here and now.

Lord Kurtis, Mohmut said, touching his hand to heart than lips before sweeping out his arm as he bowed before me. It is an honor to outfit your expedition.

I nodded, glancing at his wife and daughter. I stirred both their desires for them. The wife took her husband's arm while smiling behind her transparent veil. She licked her lips and flicked up and down me. She didn't strike me as very faithful wife. 

Such delicious flowers you have brought with you, I said, taking his daughter's hand and bending down to kiss the back. 

She shuddered, her eyes growing dewy as I played with her desires even more. 

And one that has never been plucked, I added. How... delightful.

Yes, yes, I do so like to show off my many blessings, Mohmut said. Modesty is proclaimed a virtue by those who have nothing to flaunt.

My eyes flicked to his wife's cleavage. Yes, yes, and you, and your lovely wife, have much to flaunt.

Anisha arched her back, thrusting out her breasts at me. They quivered, the silver necklaces jiggling. This would be quite the delicious negotiation. I turned back to my sisters. Lasla winked at me while Pyrriah rolled her eyes.

My sister, Pyrriah, and my slaves will do the negotiations, I said, while I make sure you are a man of good taste and are trustworthy of our coin.

Of course, of course, he said as I took his wife's hand drew her away. He didn't seem to have a problem. Had he used his wife like this for business before. I wouldn't be surprised. He had that feel to him. 

Well, that was fine with me.

I led the wife and daughter to the back of the garden where there was this small table with pillows for sitting on. I sank down on the pillows before the wife and mother. They smiled at me, their lusts brimming for me. I was playing with them

And so was Lasla. 

Who was sitting beside the merchant. Oh, she was going to work on him. Good for her. She might even fuck him, but she did prefer monster cocks. Still, we would have our fun. That was the important thing about it.

Being Children of Las had its perks.

I opened my robe and pulled out my cock. It thrust out hard before me. The wife smiled and removed her veil. She let it swing from a silver chain woven in her black hair. She undid her belt while her daughter trembled.

It is her first time servicing a man, she said. Her father has held her back for just such a powerful lord, such as yourself.

I'm more than honored, I said as her silver belt came off. She knew what I wanted because I was manipulating her lusts.

She dropped the belt casually onto the soft grass that grew here. She opened her robes, revealing her ebony form. Her large breasts swayed, her nipples, as black as night, thrusting hard from wide areola. She had a mother's figure with curving hips. She had no pubic hair. The pink depths of her pussy peeked through her folds that dripped with her excitement.

Strip her, I said, starting a new lust in her. A desire for her daughter. Anisha had been with women before, but she had never considered insect. I let her see her daughter as a woman. A beauty to be desired by me and herself. Let me see her blossom.

Yes, my Lord, she purred, her boobs swaying. Her silver necklaces shifted over those ebony breasts. They clinked together as she undid her daughter's robe and unwrapped the white cloth. It was wound around the girl's body in a cunning way to wrap her in several layers and really hide her girlish charms.

But soon the virgin's body came into view. First, her slender, ebony legs. I could see most of her thighs. Then her belly came into view, flat with a cute divot for her bellybutton. She suckled in a deep breath as she stood here.

I licked my lips, loving what I saw. She was a gorgeous creature, that was for sure. Just lovely as more of the white cloth unwound from her body. The next pass revealed her budding breasts. They were small little apples that might one day swell to the size of her mother's large tits. The promise of them made my dick twitch.

Lastly, her pussy came into view. She was shaved, too, her slit so tight not a hint of pink could bee seen. Just the ebony of her vulva. She did have juices, though. She dripped with them. I shuddered at how gorgeous the pair were.

I think you need to teach your daughter how to please a man with her mouth, I said.

Mmm, I think so, purred Anisha. The sexy Halanian mother glanced at her daughter. She leaned in and gave her a quick but sensual kiss on the lips that had my cock almost bursting with the naughty sight. 

When Anisha pulled her mouth back, a thin strand of saliva connected their lips before it snapped. The daughter blinked and licked her lips, clearly surprised by the kiss from her mother. She almost didn't know how to take it. She shivered their, looking so adorable. I loved the sight, my cock so hard.

Anisha knelt, pulling her sweet Zanya down with her. Mother and daughter knelt before me, both so ebony and gorgeous. Anisha grabbed my cock with her dark hand and glanced at her daughter. Zanya trembled there, her lusts quivering through her, almost overwhelming the poor virgin.

She didn't know what to do with these feelings that were surging through her. This was all so new to her. I loved her innocence. I would show her how to enjoy those feelings. I would break her in with her mother's help.

Mmm, now I like to start licking the tip, purred Anisha. She lowered her head, her boobs and necklaces swinging before her. She licked her pink tongue across the crown of my cock.

I groaned at how amazing that felt. My eyes rolled back in her head. Gods, that's good.

See how he shuddered, Anisha continued. That's how you knew you did a good job. Now, your turn, my plum.

Zanya swallowed and leaned over. The virgin's long braid slipped off her shoulder and spilled over my leg. She leaned closer and closer. Her breath washed over the crown of my cock. I groaned at the feeling. She licked me a moment later.

I groaned as her tongue stroked across the crown of my dick. That was such a naughty sensation to feel. I groaned in delight, glad to enjoy that sensation. She looked up at me with hits wide-eyed expression.

She didn't expect it to taste so good.

It was... salty, Mother, she whimpered. A good sort of saltiness.

Indeed, my little plum, purred the mother. She darted her head down and licked at my cock. She swirled around the crown, bathing me with that nimble organ. Mmm, come join me.

Yes, Mother, the girl whispered.

Zanya joined her mother. They both licked around the crown of my dick. I shuddered, savoring that delight. Pleasure rushed through me as their tongues stroked over the spongy tip. I groaned as I loved the sight of their tongues brushing.

They met. 

Their lips brushed as their desire for each other flared. I savored the feel of their awakening lesbian incest.

They were both so sexy as they kissed for a moment. I groaned at the sight of them, my dick throbbing in the mother's hand. The incestuous passion blooming between them was quiet the delight to witness.

I was glad to see it. So glad to have them kissing. It was such a great treat to witness. Then they broke apart and licked my cock some more. They bathed the crown, giving me such delicious pleasure. They were both so good at this.

Now, I like to suckle on him, purred the mother. She engulfed the crown of my cock, her lips sliding over it. The warmth engulfed the tip.

She nursed.

I groaned as she suckled on me with passion. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. She drove me wild with her suckling. She knew what she was doing. She was so good at that. It was outstanding having her bobbing her head.

Her tongue stroked around the crown of my dick. The daughter watched on, eyes wide. Her mother bobbed her head, necklaces clinking as he worked her mouth up and down my cock. The powerful suction had me groaning.

Las's big dick, that's good, I growled.

Anisha slid her lips up my cock and popped off. Now you suckle on Lord Kurtis's cock.

Yes, Mother, the girl whispered. She leaned over and kissed the tip. 

Just slide your lips over it, cooed the mother. Yes, yes, like that. And don't brush him with your teeth. Mmm, you're doing good, my little plum.

The girl swallowed my cock, her lips sealed around it. She suckled for a moment. That was such a delicious sensation. I groaned at the pleasure. It was a fantastic delight to have feel rushing down my cock to my nuts.

Use your tongue, the mother purred. Swirl it around his cock.

Zanya did. I groaned as the virgin teased me like that between her suckles. She had such passion she wanted to unleash. She was so ready to unleash it, and I wanted to enjoy every last second of her passion. I wanted her to drink all my cum down.

Now bob your head, my little plum. Work that mouth up and down his cock. He's going to love that.

I groaned as the girl did just that. I loved it so much. She suckled with passion on me. I groaned at how wonderful it was. This was just such an amazing rush to have her nursing on me with all that passion. I shuddered, enjoying every last second of her suckling on me.

She swirled her tongue around my cock. I groaned as she suckled on me. I loved how she nursed on me. It was a fantastic rush to have her bobbing her head. She flicked her tongue around my crown. She was putting all her mother's lessons to work.

That's good, purred the mother. Sometimes, I like to stop sucking a dick to nuzzle into the man's balls and rub my face into their nuts. I just love to feel the hair on my lips and face.

Anisha did just that. I groaned as she licked at my nuts and suckled on one while her daughter nursed on my dick. The virgin had such a hot mouth. She worked on me with all her might. I loved that a lot. She definitely knew what she was doing. She was loving my dick with that hot mouth of hers.

Gods damn, I groaned. That's good.

Mmm, you play with his balls while I suckle on his cock, my plum, Anisha purred.

The girl popped her mouth off my cock and swapped places with her mother. Zanya nuzzled her innocent lips into my balls. She felt so excellent doing that while her mother swallowed my cock. Anisha suckled on me with such lust, moaning around my dick as she did so.

The humming of her delight massaged the crown of my cock. That made things feel even better. I loved that so much. My dick twitched in her mouth. I savored everything that was going on. I loved how she suckled on me with that hot mouth.

Gods damn, Anisha, I groaned. 

She winked at me.

Your balls are very... naughty, Lord Kurtis, Zanya whimpered. But... but...

Her mother popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, You're just like me. You like to suck on a big dick. Mmm, come on. Suckle on his big cock. After today, I'll show you which of the household servants have the best dicks to suckle on.

Yes, Mother, she purred, her excitement mounting.

She swallowed the crown of my cock and suckled hard. I groaned as that cutie bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. Her mother massaged my nuts while she watched her daughter blowing me. A proud smile spread on her lips. 

Zanya brought me closer and closer to that magical moment. She was so good at. I loved how she worked her mouth up and down my dick. I groaned at the amazing friction she created. It was just an exciting rush to have her sucking on me like that.

Just a fantastic rush.

Mmm, but share with your mother, cooed Anisha.

Zanya slid her mouth off my cock with a certain reluctance. I groaned at that wet pop. A wave of heat rushed down my shaft to my balls. I groaned as the mother swallowed me next. She devoured my cock with that hot mouth of hers.

She bobbed up and down, sucking on me with passion. I loved how she did that. She nursed on me with such passion. I savored every last second of her nursing on me with such hunger. It was just a wonderful delight. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Gods damn, your mother knows how to suck dick, I groaned.

Yes, whispered Zanya.

The mother purred around my cock with her obvious delight as she brought me closer and closer to erupting. I wanted to cum on her face. On both their faces. They would look so delicious soaked in my jizz. My pearly spunk would contrast so perfectly with their cute faces.

The mother popped her mouth off and held me for her daughter. Zanya swallowed with greedy excitement. She suckled on me, looking so adorable with her lips wrapped around my cock as she nursed on me. Her tongue danced around my tip.

Yes, I groaned. That's good. You taught your daughter well.

Thank you, my Lord, purred Anisha, her boobs swaying as she winked at me.

The heat swelled in my nuts as Zanya suckled on my cock. She bobbed her head before she switched with her mother again. Anisha suckled on me her tongue dancing. She moaned, using her vocal cords to stimulate me before passing me back to her daughter.

It was wild how they passed me back and forth. I enjoyed every last moment of the mother's than the daughter's hot mouths sucking on me. I rose toward that moment of erupting. I would spurt all over their faces. 

They coaxed me closer and closer to bursting, both of them wiggling their hips. I glanced over at the negotiations, many of my women crowded around the table to add their input. Mohmut's wife and daughter loved me.

I'm going to cum, I groaned, savoring the daughter's mouth on me. Your mother knows what to do.

Yes, yes, when a man has two women suckle on his cock, he likes to mark them with his seed, purred Anisha. To prove to the women his dominance over them. And it's so sexy to have a man shower you in his strength.

Zanya slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop. Yes, Mother.

I loved those words. I loved this moment. It was so exciting. My heart pounded in my chest as Anisha stroked my cock. She pressed her cheek against her daughter's. They both stared up at me as the mother fisted my dick.

Cum on our faces, my Lord, cooed Anisha.

Yes, yes, cum on our faces, whimpered the daughter. 

Gods damn, yes, I growled as the pressure burst at the tip of my cock. 

I erupted.

My cum spurted from my dick and splashed across both their faces. I coated them with jizz. My pearly spunk splashed across their ebony skin. It was so hot drenching mother and daughter in my seed. The pleasure slammed through me.

Each eruption crashed ecstasy into my mind. I loved it. I savored that heat crashing through me. It was perfect as I came on their faces. A big smile spread on my lips as I groaned through the pleasure. Ecstasy slammed into my thoughts. Stars flashed across my vision.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled as I spurted across their faces. Las's big dick!

They caught my spunk on their tongues as more and more of the bliss rushed through me. It was so worth it. I loved every last second of this delight surging through me. It was perfect. I grunted with passion. I savored all this ecstasy sweeping through me.

My Lord, Anisha groaned as I erupted one last time.

Mother, whimpered the girl, her youthful face dripping in my cum. He... I... That was... so exciting.

I know, she purred and licked up a large streak of cum running down her daughter's cheek. The mother held that spunk on her tongue and kissed her daughter on the lips, sharing it with her.

I smiled at the sight, my dick throbbing with the delight of this moment. It was so hot watching her and her daughter swabbing cum back and forth. That was just how things should be done. My cock ached to ram into their pussies.

They broke the kiss. The mother licked up more cum and kissed her daughter again. They groaned, sharing my spunk. They reveled in it while my lusts boiled over. Mohmut's wife and daughter had never done this for him.

No, no, they did it for me.

The second time they broke their kiss, Zanya licked up the cum. She took a tentative lick of her mother's chin, scooping up a large dollop of pearly jizz, and kissed her mother on the lips. I grinned at the sight.

She's such a quick learner, I said, my cock twitching and throbbing.

The mother just moaned as she swabbed my cum back and forth with her daughter. 

The pair licked each other up, pink tongues lapping pearly spunk off ebony skin. I drank in the sight. Works of beauty had to be enjoyed. Especially ephemeral ones that wouldn't last for long. I created this art.

I enjoyed watching it.

Your daughter needs to be ready to be fucked, I said. Butter up her pussy. Make her cum. Give your daughter her first taste of an orgasm.

I'm so ready to make my sweet plum cum, Anisha purred. Lie down on your back and spread your legs.

Yes, Mother. The girl leaned back onto the grass beneath the apricot tree. She spread her legs wide, trembling as she did. She looked so delicious. Just a cutie that needed to be devoured. I wanted to bury my face into her pussy and lap at her. Just feast on her with everything that I had.

But the mother got to enjoy that delight. As the girl spread her legs, her tight slit parted just enough now to show off the blushing pink of her juicy depths. I loved the sight. Sadly, her mother blocked my view by bending down to feast.

Still, watching a mother eat out her virgin daughter was never bad thing. I was just so glad to enjoy the sight. My dick throbbed as Anisha started her feast. The girl moaned, her back arching. She tossed her head from side to side as she quivered here.

Oh, Mother, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so wonderful. Your tongue feels just so amazing. Thank you, Mother!

Mmm, and you're just so lovely, she murmured. The mother licked again. I knew because the daughter shuddered with obvious delight. And you taste so delicious. Mmm, like my own pussy.

Wonderful, Mother, she moaned as she glanced at me moving up behind her mother. Are you going to...

Fuck your mother, dump her pussy full of my cum, and fill her womb with my seed so you'll have a brother or sister in nine months? I asked. Oh, yes.

My, my, such a bold thing to say, Anisha purred, her pussy wiggling. She wanted me to breed her. This is how a man acts. He takes what he wants. He marks his claim. Women... we just want to open up and be taken.

Yes, Mother, the girl moaned as I dropped to my knees.

I slapped my cock down on the mother's ebony rump. I loved the sound that made. It was this wonderfully meaty sound. Just a delight. I smiled as I slid my cock down and down to nuzzle into her married pussy. I pressed into that twat that belonged to another man.

I was about to claim it.

I thrust my cock into Anisha's cunt. She moaned it her daughter's virgin pussy. Her hot flesh welcomed me in. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her cunt. I reveled in all that passion sweeping around me. I shuddered, enjoying this delight so much. It was a fantastic rush to have all that hot pussy around my cock. I loved every last moment of being in her.

She wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock. Her married flesh clenched and relaxed on me. She held me tight. I smiled, so glad to enjoy this. It was a true treat to have all that hot pussy around me. 

I gripped her hips and drew back. Pater's big dick! she moaned. Oh, my little plum, you are going to have a mighty cock fuck you for your first time!

Yes, Mother! the cutie moaned as I plowed back into her mother's pussy.

I savored that heat around my cock. I loved being in all that cunt. It was a delicious tree to to have all that pussy around me. I thrust away at her cunt. I fucked her with force. I buried into her again and again. She held me tight with that hot snatch.

I fucked into her with such force. I plowed deep and hard into her cunt. I loved every last second of this hot twat. I fucked her with force. I groaned, thrusting into her snatch. She massaged me with that wonderful dick.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped as I fucked her hard. Mmm, you like that, don't you?

So much, Lord Kurtis, she moaned into her daughter's pussy.

The girl quivered on the ground. Her little, ebony titties quivered. She humped against her mother's licking mouth. I smiled at the girl as I fucked the naughty wife's pussy. I churned her up, slamming my cock into her juicy depths again and again.

Anisha's butt-cheeks rippled with my every thrust into her cunt. I fucked her with hard strokes. Powerful thrusts. I hammered her again and again, loving every last second of fucking her. She had such a perfect twat. 

Just a delicious snatch. I loved plowing into her. I savored fucking her with every thing that I had. I pounded her with all the delight that I had. I plowed deep and hard into her cunt. She whimpered and groaned into her daughter's snatch.

Oh, my Lord, she moaned. Oh, that is a cock. That is just a mighty cock. I love it so much.

And that pussy, I groaned. Las's big dick, that's a tight cunt.

I don't get such magnificent cocks as this one that often, she groaned, clamping her twat down hard on my dick.

I reveled in the heat of her pussy soaking my cock. She held me tight with her hot pussy. She gripped me as I slammed into her cunt. I savored the way she held me as I fucked her. The pressure was an absolute delight. 

My nuts slapped into her cunt again and again. Her clit must be loving the weight of my thudding balls. I fucked her hard, savoring the pressure building at the tip of my cock. She brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Zanya shuddered, her mother feasting on her with obvious aplomb. The girl shuddered, her eyes widening as she rose toward her first orgasm. I smiled, loving that sight of a virgin cumming on her mother's mouth for the first time.

Mother, she groaned, the awe on her face so delicious to see. Oh, Mother, that's so good!
Her mother purred in delight and licked at her daughter. 

Cum on your mother's mouth, I said, feeling the daughter approaching her climax. Just let it flood out of you!

Yes, Lord Kurtis, she moaned her body shuddering.

I smiled as I fucked deep and hard into her mother's cunt. I slammed to the hilt in the woman's snatch as she nibbled on her daughter's clit. Pleasure spiked through Zanya. She trembled, her back arching. Her moans grew louder and louder.

She humped against her mother's lips. It was so hot to hear her moans and gasps as she rose toward her first climax. Her mother suckled hard as I fucked that hot pussy. I groaned, so close myself. The mother brimmed with her orgasm.

Mother! squealed Zanya.

She climaxed hard.

Her body thrashed as she drowned her mother in pussy cream. The sounds she made were so delicious. I loved them. It was so hot hearing them. A big smile spread on my lips as I buried my cock into the mother's cunt, my nuts slapping her clit.

Pater's big dick! she squealed and climaxed, too.

Anisha's married twat suckled at my cock, hungry for my cum to breed her. I drew back my shaft, loving that writhing flesh around me. It was such a satisfying treat. I thrust back to the hilt in her cunt, my nuts bursting.

Cum in me, my Lord! she moaned. Breed me!

Gods damn! I growled and erupted.

My seed flooded her fertile womb. My magic made sure it happened. I fertilized her egg and gave her a child. A son to fuck her when he grew up. She was still young. She must have had her daughter at fourteen. She would still be very fuckable when my son was old enough.

The pleasure slammed through my body. Stars burst across my vision as I pumped load after load of cum into her twat. I gripped her hips and swayed from the pleasure. It was an excellent rush to flood her. I growled out my pleasure.

My Lord! Anisha cried.

Mother! the girl gasped.

Yes, I snarled as such bliss shot through me. I loved every last second of this delight. It was perfect to enjoy. It was a fantastic rush to have all that ecstasy sweeping through me. I groaned through each spurt of cum.

The naughty wife milked out the last of my cum as she rubbed her face into her daughter's pussy. I savored that delight. I buzzed with rapture. Now I was so ready to fuck the daughter. I wanted to have my cock buried into the girl's cunt. I would make her cum. Just have her exploding on my dick.

I pulled out of the mother's cunt and growled, Sit on her face! Let her drink my jizz out of your daughter's mouth.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, she moaned, my cum spilling out of her pink pussy and dribbling over her ebony vulva.

She crawled up her daughter's body and turned around. She planted her cunt on her daughter's face and stared at me with lips dripping in cunt cream. I moved forward and cupped Anisha's face. I kissed the sexy wife on the lips.

Her daughter had such a tangy pussy.

I loved the virgin juices on the mother's lips. This was a true treat. A real thrill. My tongue danced around with the mother's. We kissed with passion as she grabbed my cock and brought me to her daughter's pure pussy.

I loved the feel of her pussy rubbing against my cock. That exquisite pleasure washed over me as I drilled against her, my tongue dancing with the mother's snatch. The girl whimpered as she discovered how much she loved my cum pouring out of her mother's pussy.

I found the girl's hymen. That intact barrier.

I thrust.

She gasped into her mother's pussy as her maidenhead stretched and stretched before my cock. I loved that delight. I kissed her mother with passion as the daughter's hymen popped. I slipped into her cunt. It was just a rush to have my cock burying into her pussy.

Yes, I groaned, breaking the kiss with her mother.

Oh, oh, oh, gasped the naughty girl. Mother, he's in me!

Yes, he is, the mother purred as I sank to the hilt in her daughter's pussy. It was such an awesome rush to be in her. 

I loved that wonderful heat around my cock. The pure depths of a girl that had never been touched. It was an awesome delight to have her around me. She felt so good. I loved it so much. I groaned and grabbed the mother's breasts.

I kneaded them.

Squeezed them.

She groaned as I played with those big tits while grinding on her daughter's mouth. I loved how dark her tits were compared to my pale fingers. I dug into her soft flesh as I drew back my cock. I loved the feel of her doing that. At the same time, I loved Zanya's silky twat. 

It was perfect.

I thrust back into her cunt. I sank to the hilt in her snatch as I squeezed her mother's breasts. The deflowered daughter moaned into her mother's cunt. The girl feasted on that creampie as I thrust back into her cunt.

She gasped in delight. Oh, Mother! His cock...!

I know, my little plum, she purred, grinding her cunt on her daughter's face. I know how magnificent Lord Kurtis's cock is! Just enjoy!

She's enjoying it, I growled as I pumped away at that tight, wet cunt.

I loved how her hot snatch squeezed around me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. It was a wonderful moment to enjoy. I thrust away at her cunt. I fucked her deflowered pussy with force, reveling in it.

Zanya wrapped her ebony thighs around my hips. She held me tight. I loved how she gripped me like that. It was so hot to enjoy that hot cunt around my cock. I hammered her hard and fast, diving into her cunt. That was perfect.

Oh, Mother! Mother! she moaned.

Just keep licking your mommy's pussy, my little plum, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, you're just so sweet.

It was just amazing to have daughter's twat around my dick. Anisha grabbed my shoulders and leaned forward. Her eyes sparkled with heat. She groaned as her daughter licked at her. The naughty wife kissed me.

Her lips were so hot on mine. I squeezed her big boobs as I fucked her daughter's cunt hard. I pounded her snatch with force, burning into that hot snatch. I loved that pussy wrapped around me. It was just such an amazing snatch.

Zanya held me tight. I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried into her with such powerful thrusts as I made out with her mother. I loved how Zanya's young pussy gripped me. How she massaged me as I pumped away at her.

Mother! she groaned. Lord Kurtis! Oh, Lord Kurtis!

The mother broke the kiss and purred, Is he fucking that tight, young cunt with his big dick? Her eyes tinkled. I bet he is. Oh, he's just enjoying your little pussy, my plum.

So enjoying it, I groaned.

Good. The naughty mother grinned at me. Churn her up. Make her cum like a little whore on that big dick. I want you to pump her full of your cum!

I grinned and thrust away at her daughter's cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I loved how good she felt. It was an incredible rush to hammer that delicious snatch. I pound her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again.

I loved every thrust into her pussy. Every plunge into that hot cunt. It was just delicious to fuck her hard while squeezing her mother's boobs. I gripped those large tits and buried my cock into Zanya's deflowered snatch again and again.

She rose to her orgasm faster than her mother. So I nudged the mother.

Ooh, ooh, that's so good, Anisha gasped. My sweet plum, lick me just like that. I want to have all that cum spurting into my mouth. 

I fucked Zanya's cunt hard as she drove her mother wild. I pounded her pussy with force. It was so so much fun to fuck her hard. My nuts tightened with their need to cum. I came closer and closer to erupting into that hot cunt. I loved this so much.

I fucked into that wonderful pussy with force. My nuts slapped into her as she hurtled toward her climax. She groaned into her mother's pussy while the naughty mother was shuddering. Her head tossed back and boobs bounced.

Pater's big dick! she moaned. Oh, that's so good. That's just perfect. Yes, yes, keep licking me. I'm going to cum!

Drown her! I growled and slammed into her daughter's pussy. My thumbs rubbed at the mother's nipples and sent her over the edge.

She burst with rapture.

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped, her head tossing. Her silver necklaces clinked as she climaxed.

Mother, the girl gasped as she drowned in pussy juices. 

Her pussy convulsed around me as she joined her mother in bliss. I loved that hot cunt spasming around me. It was so delicious feeling her deflowered cunt writhing around me. She spasmed with such passion on me.

I groaned as her hot pussy suckled at me. I'm going to breed your daughter!

Breed her! the mother moaned, her boobs jiggling in my hand. Knock up my daughter! Flood her with all hour cum!

Yes, yes, yes,! the daughter gasped, her pussy suckling around my hard cock. Please, please, Lord Kurtis, just dump all that cum into me. I would love for you to breed me! Please!

Las's big dick, I glowed and buried into her. The pressure in my nuts burst. 

I erupted my seed into her fertile, deflowered pussy. 

I pumped blast after blast of cum into her snatch. I filled her up with my jizz. The pleasure slammed through me. I loved all that ecstasy crashing into my mind. It was just a wonderful moment. It was outstanding. 

Stars burst across my vision as I dumped load after load of cum into her anal sheath. The pleasure swept through me. It was so good. Just fantastic. I grunted with each eruption. With each blast of jizz into her bowels. 

Gods damn! I groaned as I pumped all that jizz into her pussy, breeding her.

I filled her womb with my seed. She would have a child at the same time as her mother. Maybe a sister for her new brother to fuck, too. He'll be enjoying all the pussy in the family. I loved that fact. He would have a great future.

Her pussy suckled at me. She worked out more and more of my cum. I pumped all I had into her pussy. I filled her up with that jizz. It was excellent. Just a fantastic delight to enjoy. I groaned as I pumped her full of cum.

I filled her up with all the jizz that I had. I dumped every last load of my spunk into her snatch. The pleasure swept through me. Her pussy milked me dry. Her mother swayed on her, her face twisting with her rapture.

Oh, you are such a good pussy licker, my little plum, Anisha groaned. You're going to be spending so much time in my bed.

Yes, Mother, she moaned, her pussy rippling around me. Oh, that was so good, Lord Kurtis. That was just fantastic.

Yes, it was, I groaned and pulled my cock out of her pussy. Yes it was.

I rose and headed over to the table. Mohmut looked up at me naked and with my dick dripping with his daughter's cunt cream. He nodded to me and stood. He glanced over at his wife and daughter who were making out.

They were quite... pleasing, he said.

Oh, yes, you have definitely earned my patronage. I reached out and shook his hand. So, have all the details been worked out.

We are still figuring out the number of pack camels you shall need for your supplies, he said. Long and dangerous trek. Little opportunity for food or water even when you are in the Savanna, and there you must contend with the centaurs.

Won't be a problem, I said.

No, it won't, Lasla purred. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

With all the supplies bought, and my brother riding the high of breeding the merchant's wife and daughter, we were all set to depart tomorrow, but that meant we had one last chance to browse the market of Hargone and see what they had for purchase.

I had Nephi and Princess Naryu for my guards, the pair of them stalking at my side as we moved through the exotic market. There were exotic spices for sell and strange fabrics in different colors. Merchants sold dates by the bushel.

One sold them coated in honey.

I snacked on them as we moved through the market. We passed coppersmiths selling cookware while others sold earthenware jugs and jars. Exotic porcelains with designs of red or blue worked into the white-glazed pottery. 

At the end, we entered the slave market. 

This part excited me. What would we find here?

There were plenty of exotic women who were all beautiful and trained to serve in houses. They were on blocks, some draped in gold chains to make them even more beautiful while others were covered in oil to make their skin gleam.

They ranged in races, too. Red-skinned women from Thlin to blue-skinned women from Valya. Milky-skinned and blonde Zeutchian and Atholosians with silver or golden hair. So many women, the slave masters talking about their breeding lines.

Beyond the women were the men. Muscles oiled, some in loincloths, others with their cocks on display. Many women were moving through here. Some of them took the male slaves back to test them out.

Test them? I asked.

Mmm, rent them, said Princess Naryu. Instead of buying permanently, which can be expensive, they pay to just get fucked hard by them.

How delicious, I said. There are some hunks, but... A human male is easy to get.

Hard to find some as strong as those, Princess Naryu said. Prime males I would have for my own bodyguard.

For your own harem of studs to fuck you, I said.

She smiled. In my past life. Now I have your brother. I don't need that any longer.

But if I could find something... stunning.

Not these humans. No, no, I needed something else.

We moved deeper and came to... something unexpected. Lizardmen. They were these hulking, green-scaled men. They stood there still, their forked tongues flicking out of their triangular muzzles. They had needle-sharp teeth.

One of them had his cock out.

He had two of them.

His dick split like a Y. I shuddered at the sight of it. A wave of heat rushed through me. How delicious. How much would it cost me to rent him? I could have him fuck me in both my pussy and asshole at the same time.

Then suck them clean.

Find me the owner, I said, my nipples poking hard at the fabric of my robe. This would be perfect. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony  The Heart of the Oases, the Halani Desert

The swirling sands that swirled around us in the Oracle of the Sand's area died. Dust drifted around us, returning us to the desert. The sun pounded down on my head as I stared at the desiccated corpse of Captain Spite, her face twisted with betrayal.

I glanced at Ziryihm. She had brought the woman knowing this would happen. That we would have to pay this price, but now we had a destination. A place to have the ambush. The prophecy of the Oracle of the Sand would guide us, but...

The Heart of the Green Dark? I asked Ziryihm, studying the Deva. How much could I trust her.

It's an old name for the Uth Jungle. The deva stretched her wings and glanced to the south. We have a journey ahead of us.

I was ready for it. Knowing where they would be meant I could have my ambush. It was the best way for a hunter. To have my blind ready and wait for my quarry to walk right before me. I could see Kurtis standing there, oblivious, as I sighed down my bow.

My arrow would take him in the head. Then I would take my prize for him. My clit throbbed with the anticipation of it. 

I turned and started south.

To be continued...
