Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Six: Bimbofying the Guild House Bitch
Summary: Mark bimbofies the bitchy guild house secretary!
Keywords: MF Msolo FF mc oral facial anal A2M ws wife cheat cuck spank exhib voy fantasy magic isekai

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

Kaoni, the bimbofied wife of the cucked innkeeper, had such a wanton smile on her lips. She licked off my cum. She had just blown me in the middle of the common room, her husband watching from behind the bar. He was so henpecked by the bitch, he didn't do anything.

He even seemed thrilled to see me putting his uptight and prudish wife in her place.

Thanks to the Bimbo App, she wasn't uptight any longer. She wasn't a shrew, who looked down her nose at men and our lusts. Back in the real world, she would be a feminist harpy screeching about the evils of the male gaze and taking all the hot women out of movies. 

Now Kaoni wore a sexy dirndl, the Oktoberfest dress. A short, green skirt that barely covered her ass and showed off the tops of her sheer, black thigh-high stockings. A white blouse that cupped her breasts and left her midriff bare. The skirt had straps that ran up her body and over her shoulders, framing those tits. 

She hopped on the table before me, spreading her legs wide. Her short skirt just hid her pussy. She opened her blouse, her big, soft tits spilling out. The men watching all groaned, their lusts on full display as they stared at her.

It was so hot to have them ogling her. 

Fuck me, guesty stud, she moaned like an airhead. Mmm, let me welcomey you for staying at the Sow's Ear! Yay! She drew up her skirt revealing her shaved pussy. Mmm, it's such an invitying inny inn. 

Yeah, the picture of the Sow's Ear on the sign definitely resembled a woman's shaved cunt. This inn used to be a bawdy, dockside place full of whores and buxom barmaids. Then the gray-bearded innkeeper married this shrew.

I fixed her and this place.

She parted her pussy folds, exposing her pink, married depths. Just slidey right in and fucky me with your biggie dick! I wanty it in me righty now!

I placed my cock against her pussy lips as the other patrons all salivated over the MILF. They were eager for her, and I was so ready to just fuck her hard. The men crowded around. One of my bimbos gasped. 

SLAP!

I'm Master's whorey whore! Not yours! huffed Anni. I'll stabby you if you try that!

And I'll do magicy thingies, too! added Erotha.

My arrows will all feathery your uggo face! hissed Cally. We're his bimbo-sluts! He's our party leader!

Damn. Such loyalty. That made me smile. I really loved the Bimbo App. Especially as I lined up my cock to fuck that pussy right before me. I thrust right into the innkeeper's bimbo-wife's pussy. She gasped in delight, her big tits jiggling as I sank into her warm depths.

Yay! she squealed. Hunky guest's biggie dick is in me, honeybear! Ooh, ooh, I'm such a goody wifey making all your guestys feel so welcomed!

Can't wait for my turn, groaned a guy watching. He rubbed at his crotch. That's hot.

Yeah, another guy said who just whipped out his cock and started jerking it. 

I ignored that as I savored the married woman's pussy around my cock. She felt amazing. I drew back my dick. She gasped as I did that. Her pussy clenched down on me. She felt fabulous around my cock. Just so amazing. I savored it as I thrust back into her snatch.

I buried into her cunt hard. I fucked the bimbo-slut's snatch with force. She moaned as I did that. I thrust into her snatch with force. I buried into her twat with hard strokes, my nuts slapping into her taint. Her boobs jiggled.

More guys pulled out their cocks, stroking them as they watched the busty bimbo-wife's tits jiggling. They stared at those gorgeous mounds as I pounded the wife's snatch. Kaoni squeezed her cunt down around my cock, massaging me. The pressure rose at the tip.

I loved that building need to cum as I fucked the bimbo-wife's pussy. She moaned there, staring up at me with such empty-headed delight in her eyes. She squeezed her cunt down around me, massaging me with her amazing pussy.

Yesy yes! she gasped, clamping her hot twat around me. Just fucky me so hard and make me bursty on your biggie dick!

You're going to burst so fucking hard! I groaned as I fucked to the hilt in her snatch. I buried into her twat over and over again. I plowed into her with force, loving the way she felt around my dick. She had an awesome snatch. You're going to cum on my cock!

Yay! she squealed.

Yeah, just going to cum like a naughty whore, one of the guys whacking off groaned. Yes, you are. Damn, Kaoni.

She looked so happy at the attention, her gaze flitting around to the cocks aimed at her. A half-dozen guys were all jacking off now. They flogged their bishops as I plundered her silk purse. I buried into her juicy snatch again and again, loving the way she gripped my cock.

She held me tight with that amazing twat. It was just a wonderful sensation to have her wrapped around me. I loved it. I savored that heat building and building in me. It was fantastic to bury into her married cunt.

Ooh, ooh, go, Master! squealed Anni. Fucky her pussy so hardy!

So hardy! Erotha squealed. That's how hardy he fucks me and her and her and her and me!

I lovey it! gasped out the bimbo-wife, her pussy gripping me. 

She squirmed there as I slammed into her hot snatch. I fucked her with force. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. She gripped my cock with that hot snatch. I loved every second of burying into her. She trembled as she squeezed her thighs around my hips.

The pressure built and built in my nuts. My cum had to flood her snatch. This was so worth spending 5 Magic Crystals on. I loved every last second of fucking this slut. I buried into her with force, my nuts slapping into her taint.

Ooh, ooh, cummy in me and on me! moaned Kaoni. I want all your jizzies!

The men groaned, spanking their cocks hard as I fucked her. One, a kid of eighteen, gasped out and erupted on her face. He spurted his cum across her cheeks and lips. Her eyes squeezed shut as he bathed her face in jizz.

She trembled as another cock spurted cum across her big tit, just bathing her left boob with jizz. The guy groaned as he spurted on her. She gasped, her pussy clamping down on my cock as I buried into her.

Ooh, ooh, cummies! she howled and climaxed.

Her pussy went wild around me as other guys erupted. Jizz splashed across her face. Cum drenched her tits. I groaned, loving the feel of her pussy rippling around me. I drew back my cock through her folds. She rippled around me. It was incredible.

I drove back into her and erupted.

Shit! I groaned as I flooded her pussy.

Yesy yes, so much cummies! moaned the bimbo-wife as they drenched her in jizz.

I erupted over and over into her pussy. I savored her hot twat rippling around me. She suckled at me with such passion. It was a fabulous moment. The pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned, savoring all that rapture. It was a wondrous moment to enjoy. 

The men hosed her down. They came on her face and tits, drenching her hair. She opened her mouth and caught their spunk on her tongue. Jizz ran down her big boobs. Globs coated her nipples. I shuddered, spurting more into her snatch.

I filled her pussy to the hilt with all the spunk that I had. The rapture washed through me. 
Damn! I groaned and pulled out of her pussy. She's all yours, boys!

The men in the common room cheered as I felt so good. I pulled up my pants and thrust away with my wet cock. I headed toward the bar, my bimbos following me. I didn't own Kaoni. She was like a free agent. A bimbo without an owner.

Free to fuck and suck and do what she wanted.

Her husband was at the bar watching the men swarm his bimbo-wife. The whore was squealing in delight. She would be fucked and fucked hard. They would gangbang her until she couldn't handle any more cock.

Could a bimbo ever hit that point?

Hey, I said. I need a room and food for the four of us.

The man glanced at us then at the men. Room's free. Food'll be a silver a piece.

Sure. I pulled out the purse I got from selling the goblins. I counted out four pieces. That left sixteen in the pouch. I put that back in my pocket.

The barkeep whistled. One of the waitresses walked up, her cheeks bright red. She gave me a leery look. She clutched her tray to her breasts like she was afraid of what I would do to her. I only had enough to bimbofy one more woman.

And I wasn't about to waste that on a woman who wasn't a bitch to me.

Bring them some food, the innkeeper said. I'm going to fuck my wife. 'Bout time she spread them legs.

The waitress nodded. Um, this way, adventurer. You and your women can sit over here. We'll bring you out some food. Cut off some good pieces off the joint.

What was a joint?

Sure, I said a.

The joint turned out to be the meat on the spit roast. With it came some boiled vegetables that were practically a mash. Carrots, celery, and something red and spicy. I think it was radish. Or maybe some fantasy vegetable. Hell, those might not be carrots.

The meat was good. It had some sort of marinade to it and still was juicy. I gobbled it down as the waitresses kept their distance. They did give us tankards of beer. It was rather weaker than I expected. Watered down, maybe. 

My bimbos enjoyed their meal. The wife squealed and moaned as she was gangbanged. She was fucked on her hands and knees, including by her husband who sodomized her. She rode one guy while another buggered her and she suckled on a third's cock. She dripped in cum. They used her, making me horny.

Can you show us to our room? I asked one of the waitresses.

Yes, sir! she squeaked and fled out of the common room.

I rose and gathered my bimbos. They were all distracted by the fucking and clearly horny for their own fun. I knew I would be enjoying the three of them greatly in our room. The waitress led us up two floors to a room that was at the end of the hallway. It was large, with three beds, but the eaves made it impossible for me to stand upright anywhere but near the door. 

Poor Cally hit her head on a rafter riding my cock.

Still, it was a fun time. My first night in a fantasy inn with my bimbos. We fucked on all the beds until I snuggled up to Anni and fell asleep with my face buried beneath her big, soft tits. I was so glad that I had them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damn, Cally, I groaned the next morning as my elf gave me my morning blowjob.

Her pointed ears twitched as she bobbed her head. She worked her lips up and down my cock, suckling hard. I groaned, sitting reclined on the bed with a lumpy pillow supporting my back, the rafters right above my head. I played around on my phone.

I had the chance to roll for bonus Magic Crystals. I savored that hot mouth sucking on me as I started the gacha roll. The numbers flashed as Cally suckled so hard on my dick. She swirled her tongue around my dick.

Fuck, I groaned as I tapped the screen.

The numbers stopped on 7. That bought me up to 12 Magic Crystals. I could bimbofy two women. I smiled at that, savoring that hot mouth bobbing up and down my cock. It was so hot. Maybe I would bimbofy a catgirl.

I never did see that catgirl in the common room. She had left after I had bimbofied the innkeeper's wife. That cute catgirl had been offended or something. If she was a bitch to me, I could easily bimbofy her.

Straighten out her attitude problem.

You are so good at that, Cally, I groaned, sliding my hand through blonde hair. Just a good cocksucker.

 She moaned in delight, wiggling her hips back and forth. She knelt between my legs on the bed, her rump up in the air. She worked those hot and soft lips up and down my cock. She suckled on me with all her might. It was perfect.

On the other bed, Anni and Erotha were both sixty-nining. The two bimbos feasted on each other with passion. They suckled so hard. I loved the sounds they made as I enjoyed that hot mouth nursing on my dick. 

She suckled hard.

My nuts tightened as I rose toward my orgasm. I would have a big one. I couldn't wait to erupt in the slut's mouth. She nursed on me with passion. She had a delicious mouth. The bimbo-elf stared up at me, her hips wiggling.

You're going to get your breakfast of cum, I promised. Don't you worry!

She moaned around my cock, clearly so eager for that moment. Her tongue danced around my cock. The pleasure rippled through me. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. This was a thrill to have her suckling so hard on me.

She nursed on me with all her might. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. I groaned, my pleasures mixing with the moans and whimpers coming from the other two bimbos as they feasted on each other's pussies.

They devoured each other, licking and lapping. Erotha was on top, her huge tits piled into Anni's stomach. The bimbo-warrior gripped the enchantress's butt-cheeks, kneading that cute ass. They both were shuddering.

Damn, I groaned, the pressure swelling up to the tip of my cock. Cally!

I erupted.

With a grunt, I dumped my cum into the bimbo-elf's mouth. She moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side as she gulped down my spunk. I loved erupting into her mouth as I watched the other two bimbos squirming.

Yesy yes! Anni squealed. Erotha! Erotha!

Anni! the bimbo-enchantress moaned. Ooh, ooh, ooh! Pussy creamy juices!

They trembled through their orgasms as I dumped my cum into Cally's mouth. The bimbo-elf gulped down my jizz. She swallowed it with hunger. She gulped down everything that she could. I loved this delight. It was such a rush spurting all that cum into her mouth.

I erupted one last time. She kept sucking. I had a full bladder, and I knew she would like this. I released my urine. It flooded out of me. I pissed in her mouth, savoring how she gulped down my piss. She moaned, her hips really wiggling.

Damn, you're just a pee slut, huh? I asked.

She moaned as I kept urinating.

It felt so good to release the pressure in my bladder. I let out a long sigh as the stream died away. She nursed on me, working out every drop of urine. She was such a good bimbo. I felt so good as I finished. 

Okay, I said. Let's get dressed and find out about getting a new quest. What do you bimbos say?

Cally ripped her mouth off my cock and squealed, Adventing is so much fun. Let's go adventing and do questies!

Yesy, yes, yes, Erotha gasped, sitting up and pressing her pussy down on Anni's face. The busty enchantress clapped her hands together. Adventing is so much funnies!

I smiled and rose off the bed. I put on my adventuring gear. Leather pants and my chainmail coat. I sheathed my ax and my flogger. My bimbos put on their armor. Anni in her metal bikini, Cally in her leather bustier and skirt, and Erotha in her corset robe that opened in the front and her purple loincloth.

We looked ready to go out and have sexy adventures. Just what I wanted in this fantasy world with my Bimbo App. I whistled and headed downstairs, my bimbos following along behind me. We trooped downstairs. I was hungry.

What do we do for breakfast? I asked when I saw that no one was here in the common room. All the chairs were on the table. It was dark.

I wanna eat foodies! declared Erotha. That's what I want to do for breakyfast!

Or cummies! Anni added.

Mmm, Cally said, patting her bare belly. She had a perfect one with a cute navel.

Let's head to the guild hall and see what we can get on the way there, I muttered. 

We exited out onto a bustling street. Not far away, we found a bakery doing brisk business. We popped in there and got bread baked with savory beans and bits of meat. It cost me a silver coin to feed us all. We had two each, and I scarfed mine down and stole one from Cally since she had breakfast already.

It was filling. I was in a much better mood as we headed to the guild hall to collect a new quest. I walked in and found it not busy at all. The same frumpy woman with new ink stains on her face was there. She looked up.

Oh, it's you with the tarts, she said, shaking her head at them. How did you get them to do that?

I'm convincing, I said.

She grunted. You here to register for the guild.

Yeah, I want to take some quests, I said. So I just...

Follow me, she said. I have to cast a Discernment Spell on you to get your class, level, and skills so I can register it to the guild book. It'll update whenever you walk into a guild building across the whole world.

That's pretty crazy, I said. Your guild houses are found across the world.

In every city. She glanced at me like I was an idiot. I didn't like her attitude. And she was so frumpy. The guild deserved something better than this.

So the Discernment Spell. Is that because you're a mage.

I'm not an adventurer, she said. It's a generic spell. Anyone can learn them. They do simple things that aren't all that useful in combat. Where are you from? How do you have a sword and gear and not know any of this?

Just... from far away.

She snorted like she thought I was just a retard.

Oh, yeah, she was getting on my nerves. She motioned to me to stand in the center of the room we entered. It was large with shelves of books around us. They were all numbered in a strange fashion. It was a massive catalog. Was that the guild registration. It could hold the information for thousands, maybe tens of thousands, of adventurers.

Veritatalus hominialas corami mai revelusim!

White light shone around my feet. I realized I was standing in a magic circle. The shelves glowed with it. A new book appeared on the shelf. It seemed random. It was a slender book like the others with strange numbers on it.

That's it? I asked as she grabbed the book off the shelf.

The spell is simple, she said. You're standing on a magic item that takes the information of the spell and turns into a book. That will maintain your history. Quests completed. Parties joined. Etcetera.

Each book is an active adventure.

She nodded and opened it. Bimbo Master? She shot her gaze up to me. That's not one of the eight standard or eight derived classes. How can you have a new class?

I'm unique, I asked.

Ass Slap? Her cheeks turned red. She shot daggers at me. You have an ability called Ass Slap for use on female monsters to... to... That's disgusting. She slapped my book closed. Just who are you?

Mark Johnson, I said. 

No, no, you are something else. Something I don't know. She shook her head. Your admission into the guild is forfeit. She moved to a table that had what looked like a branding iron on it. She picked it up. I cannot allow something like you in the guild.

I pulled out my smartphone and aimed it at her. Well, I can't let you keep being a bitch.

Excuse me? she demanded. If you think that little magic device is strong enough to overcome the Suppressors in this guild house, then you are a fool. I will do more than ban you.

Bimbofy Marthi into a Slutty Secretary? appeared on my screen. It seemed to be working.

I will make you the target of the next quest! she snarled, her face ugly with rage now. She aimed the brand at me. You'll have every adventurer hunting you down. I'll offer the weight of your skull in gold!

I tapped YES.

I'll She cut off and the anger vanished. She burst in giggles as the pink light swirled around her. She lifted off the ground. I'll give you a blowyjob!

The light swirled over the frumpy dress she wore. It was an ugly thing. She was no wearing knee-high boots that clad her slender and lithe legs. The dress became a tight, brown skirt like businesswomen or secretaries wore in my world. But short. So short it would flash her ass if she bent over. Her blouse became a tight-fitting top that was transparent, letting her now large tits bleed through. She had fat, pink nipples. She still had her black hair in a bun, but it was a sexy bun. Combined with the new glasses she wore, she looked like a hot librarian.

A sexy bimbo-secretary.

I snatched the brand out of her hand. I am a member of this guild, right?

Yes, you are! she squealed. Ooh, ooh, we need so many hunky adventurers like you to go adventing! Ooh, ooh, I have a questy for you. The questy of exploring my juicy cave with your biggie dick. Do you accept?

I do, I said and my book on the table shivered. God, did I really just accept her quest? That was insane, but I loved it. First, though, bend over the table. You were a bitch. A bad secretary. You have to be spanked.

Oh, nos, she gasped and turned around. She bent over the table and... Her skirt rose up revealing a shaved pussy dripping with her juices. She had a plump rump, too. I was naughty? I have to be goody and run the guildy house.

That's right, I said. Erotha and Cally, spank her!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mint

I followed that disgusting man who turned poor Kaoni into a whore last night. That magic device he had violated nature. He had turned Calisalaleonia was a noble elf, and now she had blonde hair and huge tits. I hardly recognized her this morning.

Even her scent was hardly the same. It was full of... lust.

Her sweet vagina nearly overwhelmed the rest of her.

My tail swished with anger. I would track that disgusting tom out into nature and kill him. I would set all the women free of his terrible enchantment. So I waited in the alley for him to come out. He must be getting a new quest. 

He wouldn't be long in there. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

Yesy siry, Master! both of my bimbos squealed. Cally and Erotha darted to the bimbo-secretary and drew back their hands. They slapped them down hard. 

SMACK! CRACK! 

Their two spanks were almost in unison. They were just slightly off. 

SMACK! CRACK!

Baddie slut! hissed Cally.

Such a naughty whorey slut! admonished Erotha, her huge tits almost spilling out of her corset.

SMACK! CRACK!

Anni, bend over the table, too, I said. And take off your bikini bottoms. I got an ass to fuck!

Oooh, ooh, yesy! squealed my bimbo-warrior. She undid her bikini armor's two straps and took off the bottoms. She bent over as the other two bimbos spanked the airhead. Their slaps echoed through the air. Fucky my assyhole, Master!

SMACK! CRACK!

I loved those sounds as I advanced on my bimbo-warrior. She looked so sexy there. She had a delicious ass that just had to be fucked. After unbuckling my belt, I peeled off my chain coat and threw it down on the floor. I unlaced my pants and pulled my dick out. I was so ready to fuck my bimbo.

And since she was such a slut, she didn't need me to lube up. I pressed my cock in between her butt-cheeks, found her anal ring, and thrust against her. She moaned and squirmed there as the other two spanked the secretary. 

SMACK! CRACK!

Ouchie ouch! the bimbo-secretary gasped. That hurts!

You were baddie! Cally said with all the sternness a bimbo could. 

SMACK! CRACK!

So you have to take your spankies! Erotha added. 

SMACK! CRACK!

Their hands slapped down on a butt-cheek each, falling over and over. The bimbo-secretary's ass glowed. I loved it as I popped past Anni's asshole and sank into her bowels. It was so hot sliding deeper and deeper into her velvety anal sheath.

I groaned as I reached deeper and deeper into her bowels. She had such a tight asshole. She felt amazing around my cock. I groaned as I bottomed out him her. She clamped her bowels down around me, holding me tight.

Shit, I groaned as I drew back my cock, savoring that velvety massage. 

SMACK! CRACK!

I slammed back into Anni's asshole. I thrust away at her anal sheath, reveling in that delight. She moaned as she squirmed there beside the bimbo-secretary. The black-haired slut moaned and gasped as the hands cracked down on her butt-cheeks. 

I loved that smacking sound as I thrust away at Anni's asshole. I butt-fucked my bimbo hard and fast at her bowels. I slammed to the hilt in her anal sheath. She moaned and gasped as I thrust away at her bowels.

Master! Master! Ooh, ooh, fucky my assyhole! 

Fucky her! whimpered the bimbo-secretary. 

SMACK! CRACK! 

Ouchie ouchie! I'm so sorry for being baddie. I won't ever never ever be baddie again. I'll be a goody girl!

Oh, yeah, I groaned, thrusting away at my bimbo's asshole. You going to suck men's dicks!
I lovey sucking dicks! she squealed.

And fuck all the adventurers that come in here?

Every lasty one! She nodded solemnly, tears beading her eyes.

She's had enough, I groaned, burying hard into Anni's asshole. My dick plowed into her bowels with force. I hammered into her deep. Shit, that's good. That's fucking great. You have an amazing ass, Anni!

It's just the bestiest ass, isn't it, Master? she moaned, squeezing her bowels around my cock and even humping up into my thrusts. Righty right? The bestiest asshole!

One of them, I groaned, slamming into her. Her butt-cheeks jiggled. I loved the way her anal sheath gripped my cock. I savored the way she massaged me with that amazing dick. I was in heaven here. Shit, I'm going to dump my cum into your asshole.

Dump away, Master! she squealed, her head tossing. Yesy yes, yes!

I drew back my cock as her asshole convulsed around my dick. That felt awesome. I loved the way her flesh rippled around me. She convulsed in such a delicious manner. It was so fantastic feeling her flesh rippling around me. 

I groaned at how amazing it was having her suckling at me. She had an awesome anal sheath. I buried back into her, the pressure bursting at the tip of my cock. I erupted into her writhing bowels. I grunted with the pleasure.

Anni! 

Cummies! 

Her flesh spasmed around my dick. She rippled about me. It was an amazing rush having all this pleasure sweeping through me. Stars flashed across my vision. It was an incredible rush to enjoy all this bliss firing through me.

I pumped my load into her bowels, savoring her hot flesh spasming around me. I enjoyed the spasming. I reveled in it. This wondrous heat rushed through me. I groaned with each blast of cum firing into her bowels. 

All of Master's cummies! squealed Anni, her bowels suckling at my cock. I'm such a lucky ducky bimboy-slutty! 

Yes! I growled. So fucking lucky you were a cunt to me!

Yay! 

I fired the last of my cum into her asshole, savoring that wonderful heat. The bimbo-secretary stared at me, tears in her eyes but she also had this look in her eyes like she wanted my jizz. So did Erotha and Cally. Such horny bimbos.

I ripped my cock out of Anni's asshole. She whimpered. A bit of my cum spilled out of her asshole and ran down to her shaved pussy. I grabbed the arm of the bimbo-secretary and pulled her off the table. She had a name, but I had already forgotten it. 

She was whore. Slut. Bimbo. Did she really need more of a name than that?

Nope.

On your knees and open your mouth wide, I commanded. I want you sucking on my dirty dick. Just buffing that cock clean, bimbo! Open wide!

Aaaaahhhhh! the bimbo-secretary moaned, doing just that. Her glasses shifted on her nose. 

I rammed my dirty dick into her mouth. She sealed her lips around my cock and suckled on it like it was the best thing in the world. She must love the earthy musk of Anni's asshole. The bimbo-secretary worshiped my dick. I loved the feel of her suckling on me like that. 

I groaned as her tongue swept around my cock. She gasped my hips, her glasses shifting on her nose as she bobbed her head. She buffed my dick clean with that delicious mouth. I loved every last second of this.

It was so amazing having her suckle on me like that. She nursed with all her might on my cock. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this hot mouth. She whimpered as she bobbed her head. It was fantastic.

Damn, that's good, I groaned. Shit, shit, keep doing that. Keep sucking like a whore! Damn!

She moaned as she bobbed her head. My three bimbos squirmed as they watched. Anni reached behind her and gathered up the cum leaking out her asshole. She casually suckled it off her fingers, her eyes so hot. They all squirmed.

The bimbo-secretary bobbed her head, taking more and more of my cock into her mouth. Her tongue slid around my shaft, polishing my pole. Such joy shone in her brown eyes. Her glasses shifted as she nursed on me. She wanted to make me clean enough to fuck her cunt.

My cock hit the back of her throat.

Yes, I groaned as the bimbo-secretary swallowed my cock. That's how a guild house whore acts. And that's what you are. A bimbo-whore for the guild house!

She moaned around my cock as she worked her gullet down my dick. Her lips sank farther down the shaft. Her tongue reached new parts of my rod to polish. It was amazing being in her throat. She hummed, massaging it.

The bimbo-secretary looked so happy to be worshiping my cock. Just so thrilled to bob her head and nurse on me. I loved it. I loved every last second of her doing this. I groaned, savoring the way her tongue danced around my cock.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's so good. You're going to be gulping down my cum. I bet you want that!

She nodded, moaning as she did. She suckled on me with passion. It was incredible having her do that. I loved the feeling of her nursing on me with all that she had. It was awesome having her do that. I savored every last second of her nursing on me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned as her lips kissed into my bush. Every last fucking inch! That's how the bimbo-whore of the guild house does it!

Goody job! Erotha jumped up and down, clapping. Her huge tits threatened to burst out.

Yay! Cally said. Being a goody bimboy-whore is so goody great! I'm so proudy of you!

Me, too! Anni said. Go, bimboy-whore, go! Sucky that biggie dick. Polish him. He just fuckyed... someone's assyhole. Um...

Yours, I groaned. Dummy!

Anni beamed at me. I'm a dummy! You're so sweetie, Master!

She threw herself at me and kissed me. Her lips tasted so sweet. A moment later, Erotha and Cally also lunged at me, the elf getting me from behind and Erotha from my left. They all pressed against me, the elf kissing my neck while the other two kissed my cheeks and lips.

I savored the love of my bimbo party while the slutty secretary slid her lips back up my cock. She nursed hard as she worked me out of her throat. Her vocal cords massaged me with that humming delight. A hot shiver ran through me. I felt so good right now.

Just so amazing.

I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in the bimbo-secretary's mouth. My nuts twitched as she suckled on me. She was so hungry for that delight. It was a fantastic thrill to have her nursing on me. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Oh, damn, that's good, I groaned. Shit, shit, she's sucking so hard on me.

So hardy, Cally cooed. She licked up to my ear and nibbled on it.

The bimbo-secretary nursed with passion on my cock. I hurtled closer and closer to that wonderful moment of cumming. I would have a huge burst of jizz. Just spurt all my spunk into her mouth. My nuts tightened as her tongue danced over my cock.

She had polished me clean. She had done such an amazing job at it, too. I loved this so much. I was so ready to just burst into her mouth. Anni and Erotha kissed my lips again as I groaned, my nuts twitching.

The bimbo-secretary stroked her tongue right over my slit.

Shit! I roared and exploded.

My cum fired into her mouth as the rapture slammed through my body. Sparks flared across my vision as I pumped load after load of cum into the slut's mouth. The bimbo-secretary gulped down my cum like the good whore she was.

That's it! I groaned, erupting again and again. Shit, that's fucking good!

She swallowed my cum with such noisy gulps. She made sure I knew she drank my spunk. That was so nice of her. I felt so good as I pumped my jizz into her mouth. I filled her up with more and more of my cum. The bliss swept through me.

Such delight danced across my vision. It was perfect. Just an incredible rush to have all this ecstasy drowning my mind. I groaned with each blast of cum that I fired into her mouth. I gripped the sides of her head, brushing her glasses.

Fucking whore! I groaned.

Fuckying bimboy-whore! Cally cooed. Swallow those cummies!

Yesy yes! Erotha gasped.

Swallowy every yummy nummy drop! Anni gasped.

I shuddered with each blast. The pleasure fired through me. Rapture and ecstasy both crashed into my mind. I loved it. I flooded the bimbo-secretary's mouth with the last spurt of my seed. She gulped it down and kept suckling.

She was perfect at this. The App was amazing. I was so glad that I had it with me. I loved this fantasy world. I would leave so many bimbo-whores behind. I would let the men of this world get treated right by a woman. 

Damn, that's good, whore, I said. Now be a good slut and kneel on the ground so I can fuck your cunt. You can lick Cally's pussy while I do that.

Thank you, thank you, thank you, Master! squealed Cally, hugging me tight from behind before she released me.

She skipped around us and dropped on the floors, spreading her legs. She revealed her shaved, elven cunt. The bimbo-secretary popped her mouth off my cock and turned around. She squealed in delight and went for the elf's twat.

Just scampered on her hands and knees, wiggling that spanked rump at me. The slut bent over and buried her face into Cally's pussy. My bimbo-elf gasped, her ears twitching. I grinned and pulled away from Erotha and Anni.

I dropped to my knees and aimed my cock at that hot pussy. The bimbo-secretary was busy feasting on the slut's cunt. She devoured the elf's twat, licking and lapping at her. Cally gasped in delight as I rammed into the slut's cunt.

Cock! squealed the bimbo-secretary. Yesy yes! I lovey it!'

I know you do, I groaned, savoring the way that her cunt gripped my cock.

I drew back my dick. The slut's twat held me tight. She massaged me with that wonderful flesh. Her hot sheath massaged my cock. I loved the Bimbo App. I was getting so much pussy. I rammed back into her cunt.

She moaned, her spanked rump jiggling. She feasted on my elf's cunt. Cally trembled, her ears twitching. She was clearly enjoying the oral ministrations of the bimbo-secretary. That was what I wanted from the whore.

That's it, I groaned. You're a good guild house whore! Eat that cunt!

Yesy sir! the bimbo-secretary said, her cunt clamping down hard on my cock.

I loved that silky friction around my cock. I pounded her snatch hard, my nuts slapping into her twat. I buried into her hard and fast. I rammed into her snatch, enjoying every last inch of her pussy gripping my dick. She would make me cum so hard.

I couldn't wait to dump my jizz into her. I slammed deep and hard into her pussy, so ready for that pleasure to ripple through me. I pounded away at that delicious snatch, the heat of her pussy melting up my cock and soaking my balls.

Shit! I groaned. Take that dick, you dummy whore!

I lovey taking it! gasped the slut, her hips wiggling.

And I lovey you eatying my pussy! gasped Cally. I'm going to have such a biggie cummy! Ooh, ooh, yes, lick my clitty. Lick it!

I grinned and slammed into the bimbo-secretary's snatch. Her hot flesh gripped me. She massaged me, swelling that wonderful pressure in my nuts. I plowed into the slut's twat hard and fast. I buried into her with everything that I had. I groaned, enjoying this passion. This thrill.

It was such a perfect moment fucking that hot cunt. The bimbo-secretary clamped her cunt down around me, moaning into the bimbo-elf's snatch. Cally whimpered, her face twisting in delight as she came closer and closer to cumming, too.

Damn, I groaned.

Biggie cock, the bimbo-secretary groaned. Ooh, ooh, cock and pussy! Pussy and cock! Yummy nummy yay!

Yay! Anni squealed.

I hurtled closer and closer. My nuts tightened as I slammed into her cunt. Her spanked rump jiggled. I drew back through her tight sheath. She suckled loudly on the bimbo-elf's clit. Cally whimpered louder. Her eyes squeezed shut.

Yesy yes, you naughty bimboy-slut! gasped Cally. Ooh, ooh, that's it. That's so goody great!

She bucked on the ground, her boobs heaving as she climaxed on the bimbo-secretary's lips. It was so hot to watch as I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast at the whore's snatch. I buried to the hilt in her hot twat, loving the way that pussy gripped me.

Ooh, ooh, yesy yes! squealed the bimbo-secretary as she drowned in pussy cream. Cummies and creamies!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick,

Fuck! I groaned, savoring that hot flesh rippling around me. It was a perfect delight. I was in heaven as I fucked her cunt. I buried into her hard and fast, her flesh writhing around me. Take it, dummy slut!

I erupted into the bimbo-secretary's snatch.

She squealed into my bimbo-elf's pussy as I dumped my cum into that spasming snatch. The secretary's twat rippled around me. She suckled at me with everything that she had. She nursed at me with such passion. It felt amazing having her climaxing around me like that. My nuts unloaded in her cunt.

I grunted with each blast. I loved watching Cally writhing in delight. She squirmed on the floor as I basted the bimbo-secretary's snatch in all my jizz. I pumped more and more of my seed into her twat. Into her womb.

Maybe I would breed her.

God, that would be hot.

Shit! I groaned as I filled her up with all my cum. Fucking bimbo-whore!

I'm a fuckying bimboy-whore! the secretary moaned as she worked the jizz out of my nuts.

I groaned, savoring that delight. She milked me with that perfect pussy. I erupted over and over into her cunt. I filled her up with every drop of cum that I had. It was fabulous having all this pleasure sweeping over me.

I felt great as I dumped the last of my cum into her pussy. I grinned, feeling my bladder was full again. I held her hips tight as her pussy spasmed around my dick. She nursed at my cock. My nuts twitched.

I urinated in her pussy.

More cummies! she moaned as I pissed in her slutty cunt.

Just pissing in your pussy, I groaned, savoring the delight of flooding her twat and womb with my piss.

My cum and urine swirled around in her nether. Some spilled out over my balls. I groaned as the acrid scent of piss joined the hot scents of cunt. I savored every second of it, her cunt spasming around me as she kept cumming.

Pissies in my pussy! she moaned.

Yes! I groaned as I flooded her with all my urine. And Cally, you're going to get a treat!

Yay! squealed my bimbo-elf. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tsunade

I was tired. I had bounded on branches through the night.

I leaped from one to the other. I had to let everyone know about the man who possessed the magic to save Mother.

Hop. Hop. Hop.

I jumped from branch to branch. I would reach there by the end of the day. Then we could send out a party and capture him. I was so glad. I had done it. had saved Mother. Joy filled my heart and kept my tired body bounding to the next branch.

Hop. Hop. Hop.

That man would be our slave. And once we had the magic from him, we could dispose of him.

To be continued...
