Bad Luck Girl
by Mr. Bard1

Intro- An Average Day

My name is Colette. I have wavy red hair (and a very thick red bush), pale white skin, and am just a liiiitle bit chubby. I'm just plagued with bad luck no matter what I do. Ever since high school, I cant go a day without utterly humiliating myself in someway. At first it would be something simple, like spilling water on my white top making it see through (probably a good time to mention I don't wear a bra, despite having decently sized boobs, 32 C) or falling over and having my skirt flit up so everyone can see my choice in undies for the day. This went on for years. Halfway through my freshman year, everyone had seen me model the contents of my underwear drawer for them multiple times. By the end of the year, it was expected that I would end up stripped naked and cumming for the entire school. All throughout high school it would happen, and if I didn't managed to fall out of my clothes on my own, there were plenty of people waiting to do it for me. It got to the point where the humiliation would turn me on severely, and later in life, probably caused me to only be able to get off through public humiliation (but that is for a later day ;) )

This would be an average day for me. I was eating outside during lunch. I was wearing a wrap around skirt and a simple blue shirt. I had gotten up to throw something away when suddenly the wind picked up, I gasped as  my skirt was blown straight up, drawing everyone's attention. my pale legs were on display, as were my pink flowery patterned panties. I could hear the jeers and laughter from those who saw as I struggled to get my skirt back around my legs. But then I felt my skirt get torn away from me, the wind having unraveled it from around my hips and carried it high into the air. I screamed as I ran after it drawing more attention. The cell phones came out as everyone could now see me running after my clothes in my underwear. I jumped after my skirt several times, but it was just out of reach, doing nothing more than give people a chance to watch my boobs bounce and ass jiggle with every leap. I wast paying attention to where I was running, so I ran into the fence around the school and flipped over. My shirt was caught on the edge, so as I flipped, it was was yanked over my face, blinding me, allowing everyone out here to see my pale, bouncing boobies. My nipples got hard instantly from the cold wind and pointed out like little pink erasers. I was glad that my face was covered as I was left hanging by my shirt as i twisted around from side to side, shaking my tits even more for the crowd who all continued to laugh and point at me, calling me a dumb slut and a baby bitch because of my flower panties. 

All the attention made my start to cry as i thrashed around unable to do anything, but the whole time, I could feel that heat burn in my pussy as a dark, wet spot began to emerge quickly as I came loudly in front of everyone from my public humiliation. I was left hanging as the bell rung until a janitor got me down. I had to go the rest of the day without my skirt, trying to pull my shirt down over my wet panties as people continued to taunt me and a few people even slapped at my ass or tried to pull my hands away from my shirt to get a better look at my undies as i could do nothing but cry and feel my face and pussy burn from sheer embarrassment.

And that was a normal day for me. I have many more stories of my high school humiliation.


Bad Luck Girl - Bad Luck at the School Pool.

Oh man, this day.... We were doing the swim unit in PE. So perfect for a day like me. I got changed into my light blue strapless bikini and met up with the rest of the class. Today we were learning how to dive into swimming laps. What I didn't feel was that one of the girls behind me, as a joke, loosened the tie of my top. So when I ran across the diving board and jumped, I felt my breasts jump out of my top, and as I dove in, I slid out of my bottoms. In one swift move, I ended up naked! I swam back up to the surface naked as the day I was born, trying to keep my boobs covered while staying afloat and grasping for my lost suit. Everyone was whooping and pointing as i no doubt flashed everyone several dozen times trying to regain some decency and re-clothe myself in the pool. I quickly swam over the ladder to get out of the pool, not noticing in my haste that i had done a poor job putting my suit back on. As i pulled myself out of the water, my top slid down and off my body again, and a loose string on my bottoms had gotten caught in the pool's cleaning filter and was ripped off of me and lost within seconds of me regaining my clothes.

I ran out of there as fast as I could, the laughter and jeers of my classmates following me all the way. I felt so humiliated, my body flush red. I didn't think to watch my step and my entire body was slick with water. It wasn't too much longer before my foot slipped and I landed on my ass, my momentum carrying me forward to slide across the ground on my ass. I screamed as I slid widely towards the end of the hall, unable to stop or control myself until I slammed into the door at the end of the hall as a wave of pleasure shot through my body. I moaned loudly as I looked down to see what had happened. 

When I slid into the door, the door stop went straight into my pussy! I was at least thankful i was wet already so that it didn't look too obvious that my pussy was throbbing with pleasure. I tried to stand up but I slipped again, shoving the door stop in farther. Another moan escaped my lips, drawing the attention of my laughing classmates, who must have thought that I made it to the locker rooms. Imagine their surprise when they saw me getting fucked by the door stop. I tried and tried again to stand, but my legs were growing weaker and weaker. Everyone surrounded me quickly, having gone to their bags to get phones out to record my nakedness. 

"aahhh, oohhh, no dont....ooohhhhh yeah" was all i could get out as they laughed and pointed at my humiliating position. I looked and saw that I had stopped trying to get up and was reduced to thrusting my pelvis into the door, my legs continuing to slip as the doorstop was plunged deeper and deeper into my pussy with each passing moment. The worst moment came just before I did. Right as I was speeding up and I could feel the heat within my pussy, someone opened the door at the same moment I had thrusted in, driving it deeper into my throbbing pussy. The sudden jolt was like puncturing a water balloon filled to bursting, as I came hard, in a loud screaming orgasm. I squirted in a large spray against the door much to the shock and amazement of this new wall of students who were greeted by my naked body humping the door. I laid there panting, my breasts heaving as I recovered from my orgasm. I slowly pulled myself off of the door stop and turned myself over to try and use my hands to push myself up. I raised my head shakily to see the large assortment of clothed boys and girls around me before I noticed several of the two groups grinning between each other. I only realized a second too late that they weren't done with my humiliation, and I had just put myself in an even more compromising position.

An instant later, I came again loudly, moaning like a cheap pornstar as a new wave of cum squirted out of me as the doorstop found its way back inside of me. However, the sensation was much more powerful and intense. I could barely think. Since I had turned over,  my pale bubble butt was now positioned in the perfect spot for the now lubed up door stop to plunge it's way into my ass.  My eyes bulged in pleasure as my jaw dropped at having cum again so soon after my first as the cheers, camera flashes, and the pointing and laughing grew more and more prominent. the students on the other side of the door were now taking turns opening and closing the door, fucking my ass doggy style with each thrust. I must have looked so erotic on my hands and knees, tits swinging with every thrust as the door pounded me in the ass over and over, a rhythmic slapping as they bounced together. In short order i was fully aroused and horny again, mixing in strongly with the absolute, red-faced humiliation I felt as everyone was watching me getting fucked doggy style for their enjoyment. I kept alternating between trying to hide my face from the cameras and moaning "yes yes....harder...make me cum harder!" as i knelt there and took it hard in the ass. They were opening and slamming the door so hard it was almost drowning out my moans of ecstasy, pumping my ass so hard i could hardly stand it. only then did i realize that i had reverted to thrusting my ass back to meet the door and humiliation completely overwhelmed me as I truly took in my situation right as my third squirting orgasm hit. There I was, still soaked from the pool, hair splattered across my face, eyes rolling back into my head while i moaned, getting my ass fucked by a door stop of all things like a dog, my large tits and bushy red vagina prominently on display as i let out three large arc of cum, all of which was being captured forever on film and was probably being uploaded to social media to make sure not a single person was left unaware of my humiliation.

Exhausted, i slumped forward into the ever growing puddle of pool water and cum, legs im sure were spread wide for more photo ops as as a small trickle of cum continued to leak out as the group mercifully dispersed to their next classes. However, to make matters worse, when I got back to the locker room, I found that I had forgotten to lock my locker and found all of my clothes were missing! I had to go the rest of the day in a small towel that hardly covered both my boobs and my butt, which got yanked away constantly throughout the day, ensuring that everyone could see my swollen pussy and hard nipples for the rest of the day.


Bad Luck Girl: morning announcements
by bgaius33

I was asked to do the morning news broadcast at my school. It sounded cool but it was mostly just reading standard announcements and showing clips from the previous football games or theater productions and the like.

Wanting to look somewhat professional, I came to school wearing a loose fitting white shirt, a short business like skirt, and heels. I walked into the AV room an turned on the lights. I was alone as i set up the camera and sat down as the morning announcements began. I read out the basic announcements before switching over to clips of the last basketball game my school won.

Watching the basketball team play and the sexy cheerleaders do their routines, I couldnt help but get a little turned on. I thought of how fun and exciting it would be for me to play with myself under the desk while everyone else watching was entirely unaware. I slowly slipped my hand under the desk and brushed up against my panty covered pussy. I could already feel that I was wet and had to bite my lip as I started to rub in short, quick circles.

I continued to keep an eye on the video, watching the cheerleader in their short skirts flashing everyone in the audience and the muscular basketball playing glistening with sweat. I quickly slipped off my white panties and let my legs spread wide open. I was so excited and could feel myself leaking all over the chair. I could barely contain myself as I saw the clips were slowly coming to an end. I started fingering myself faster and faster, letting moans escape from my lips, and hearing them echo loudly in the closed off room. I could feel my hips begin to buck just as the cameras switched back over to me. I felt my eyes go wide as i began to squirt right there under the desk in long, powerful bursts

"well...UHHHGG thatsallfortodayyyyyyyy.....Study ohmygod....study hard!"

Justas the camera light turned off, I let one more massive squirt go with a loud "uuuuuUUUUUhhhhhh" before collapsing into my chair, panting. That was such an amazing orgasm. And I had it in front of everyone without them seeing it. I was so turned on I could almost have started masturbating again. Only the bell signaling the end of this period snapped me out of my stupor. I ducked down under the desk to pick up my soaked panties. couldn't wear these for the rest of the day. As I stuffed them into my backpack, I noticed something odd. A soft red glow from under the table....coming from the camera....the on switch....oh my god.

I left in a rush. I was so humiliated!! My mind was racing. how did it turn on without my knowing? i must have hit it with my foot or something. oh god the entire time they could not only see up my skirt, but they saw me finger myself through the entire broadcast! I hoped to slip out and into class without drawing too much attention and hope that it would blow over after a class or two.

My hopes were dashed as I passed by a group of basketball players who saw me and said "i knew we made the girls wet but damn girl". They laughed hard as my face flushed red and i picked up my pace and got to my locker. i grabbed a book out as i heard a camera click. i looked and saw another boy taking photos up my skirt! before i could say anything, i heard him say "I was right! she doesnt have any panties on! look!" as more people gathered around and saw my upskirt. i felt so naked as they looked at my most intimate places. I twisted around trying to find a way out of the growing group of people around me when i dropped my backpack and something fell out. "oh my god, there they are!" some girl said. the girl quickly grabbed something and held it up, and i saw her holding my wet white panties, showing them of to everyone!

I ran so fast to get away from the cameras that I wasn't watching where I was going, and I ran straight into the stairway railing. I flipped over the side, saved from falling on my face as my shoes caught on the ledge, holding me fast in place. This however, caused my skirt to fall down, exposing again my pale jiggly butt and thick bush! "NOOOOOO!" i cried out, reaching up to pull my dress up to cover myself when i heard it rip right off my body, leaving me entirely naked from the waist down. the group had come over to where i was hanging to now get another eyefull of my hairy pussy before my shoes slipped off my feet.

I fell, tumbling end over end, screaming, expecting to bruise myself on the floor when, suddenly, i exploded with pleasure as i felt something slide deep into my soaking pussy.

"oooooooooooooh gooooooooooood yessssssssss!" i yelled out as I squirted all over.

Dazed, i didnt move, not knowing where i was, ony aware of the burning heat and trickling cum from between my legs. I slowly started to come to after hearing uproarious laughter.

"damn, collete is training herself for prom night!"
"First a doorstop, now this? what hasnt gone into her pussy by now?"
"look at that! she is showing off her thick bush again"

trying to move my legs, i gasped loudly as another wave of pleasure shot through me. something big and thick was in my pussy and I looked down to see i had landed perfectly on a large, orange safety cone to go straight into my pussy. what were the chances???

"oh my god! my bush! dint look at me! this is so embarrassing! IM SO EMBARRASED!"

I flailed my legs trying to extract myself from the cone but the cone was too tall and my legs couldnt reach the ground. All I succeeded in doing was grinding on the cone and pushing it deeper into my wet lady parts, bringing myself swiftly to another squirting orgasm.

"no no noooooo! dont loooooook! dont looooooooook!" screaming out out as torrents of my cum washed down the cone, making it glisten for all to see.

the next week, they asked someone else to do the announcements, and of course, the biggest story showed my glistening pussy in all of the av club's hd glory for all to see and admire.

