Las Vegas. The Hotel Cupid. 17th floor. Room 512. I lay in a bed that felt a little too comfortable. A little too luxurious. It felt like heaven.
I stirred, and my body felt strange, different somehow. Still groggy, not even sure why I was up at this hour, I swung my legs out from under the covers.
The neon lights of a nearby casino illuminated silky smooth skin, the sexiest, most feminine feet and toes.....
Alarmed, I peeled the covers back, allowing my gaze to slowly drift up my legs, past my men's underwear, right up to my crotch. My significantly smaller crotch. Where the hell was my dick?!
I pulled the fabric aside. I had a god damn pussy! Completely absent of hair, my pussy lips looked plump but tight, inviting....
I was suddenly aware of just how small my shirt had become. It strained at my chest....
My chest! I pulled the collar away so I could have a look. I had boobs! Huge fucking boobs! I pulled my shirt up, intending to remove it completely. To my surprise, it got tangled in my now long, blonde hair.
There was so fucking much of it! I had to wrestle with it too get my shirt off. And then, my boobs were free.
I just sat there, topless in bed, taking in my new body.
Suddenly, the bed next to me stirred. No big deal. It was just Joey......Joey! What the fuck?!
As if in answer, he sat up, rubbing at his eyes. "What the hell's going on?" His eyes gradually fell on me, widening exponentially as he saw my naked tits.
"Mike, is that you?" he asked. "Holy shit! It actually worked!"
"What? What the fuck worked?!" I demanded. "What the hell is going on here?!"
Joey slapped his forehead. "Oh.... that's right. You don't know....Mike. This is your bachelor party. Vegas! Hookers! Blow!"
That's right! I remembered now. Me and Joey had been planning this for weeks.... except, the last thing I remembered was....arguing with Emily, my fiancee.
"She made you take the pill, Mike," Joey said. "It was the only way she'd let us go."
"What fucking pill?!" I asked, growing frantic.
"The sex change pill!" Joey yelled back. "She didn't wanna take a chance on you cheating on her. It was her idea man, not mine!"
"Why don't I remember any of this?"
"You wouldn't," he explained. "The pill kind of fucks you up....it fries your brain, but only temporarily. You'll be back to normal in a couple of days."
"A couple of days?!" I shouted. "That's our whole fucking trip!"
"I know," Joey said. "That's kind of the point. To keep you from cheating."
I plopped my hands down on the bed, noticing offhandedly how it made my boobs jiggle. "What the fuck are we gonna do, Joey?"
He turned to me in the bed, put a hand on my bare arm. "Same thing we've been planning on doing, man! Gambling! Hookers! Blow!"
"Okay," I said, feeling suddenly stiff. "I'm gonna need you to like back off a little, man."
"What.....why?" Joey said, looking confused.
"Cause I don't know if it's a side effect or what, but I'm horny as fuck right now. Just back the fuck off!"
"Really?" Joey said, even as he slid away from me. "You want me to get some girls up here?"
"No! Goddammit, Joey! The last thing I need right now is fucking hookers! I just....I just need to rub one out or something. How do you masturbate as a girl?"
"I don't fucking know!" Joey shouted. "Just touch it or something....."
I looked at him with pleading eyes.
"What?" he asked. "You've never gotten Emily off with your hands before?"
"She prefers oral," I said.
"Well, there's no way I'm getting you off," he said. "Not without getting something out if it for me....."
I shook my head. "Nope. We're not going there. No way, no how....I don't care how horny I am!"
Joey eyed me mischievously. "How horny are you?"
I just shook my head, ignoring him.
"Cause, ya know....we could save a lot of money on hookers if you and me just.....take care of things ourselves."
I shot him a glare. "I'm not letting you fuck me, man."
"Why not?" he asked. "It's not like it's your body! Why not take advantage of it?"
"It's still my body!" I yelled. "At least, the mind part is. You think I'm just gonna forget that we fucked afterward?"
I asked it more as a question than an actual reason.
Joey had pulled the blanket down, exposing his boxers. I watched as his hand slowly made its way to his crotch, began rubbing at his dick through his shorts.
"Don't even think about it, man," I said.
"What? What's the big deal? You're horny.... I'm horny. So, let's have some fun."
I suddenly felt trapped. Not that anything physical was keeping me here, but my unexpected horniness was causing me to crave.....things.
For some reason, I couldn't explain, I really wanted to see Joey's dick. Worse yet, I think he knew that I wanted it.
He started to pull his shorts down. The tip of his dick peeked out.
"Put that fucking thing away!" I warned him.
"What?" he asked innocently. "I'm just gonna rub one out....ease the tension so we can think."
That actually wasn't a bad idea.
Joey pulled his shorts the rest of the way down, exposing his full cock, his large, meaty balls.
I watched mesmerized as he begun to stroke himself. My mouth watered. I had to force myself to look away.
"Just let me know when you're done, man," I said.
"Be a lot easier to finish if you'd help me out," he said slyly.
"Uh-uh," I refused. But my eyes drifted back to him.
He was jerking his meat with one hand, using the other to squeeze his balls, occasionally pressing his fingers into the skin between his sack and his butt hole. He started moaning with pleasure.
My pussy began throbbing, pulsing like a heartbeat. Stranger still, I was suddenly very wet. My nipples, large and pink, strained outward, little love bumps poking out from my areolas.
"Dammit, Joey!" I cursed at him.
"What, Mike?" he asked innocently, continuing to stroke himself. "Or maybe we should call you Michelle....until you change back."
He paused his stroking to eye me curiously.
"No, continue," I insisted. "It's making me wet. Maybe I can get off by just watching you."
"Well, in that case, how about a front row seat?" he asked invitingly, giving his stomache a pat.
I couldn't see anything wrong with that, and part of me DID want to get a bit closer.
We pushed the blanket all the way off the bed, and I positioned myself so my head was laying on his belly, just inches from the tip of his penis.
Joey resumed his stroking, and my pussy proceeded to get wetter and wetter. Unable to contain myself, I reached a hand down and felt between my legs. Hot, wet stickiness licked my fingers. My god, what the fuck was happening?
I was breathless, and Joey seemed to know it. As I licked my lips, he worked his fist on just the tip of his penis, making sure that his hand bumped and rubbed against my mouth as he did.
I couldn't resist. I gave his hand a lick, instantly wishing it was his dick.
Joey laughed. Are you wanting a taste of the real thing?"
I shook my head furiously no.
"You sure?" he asked. "Cause you're giving me some serious suck vibes right now."
"Just keep jerking," I said.
Joey obliged, but made sure to keep his hand bouncing against my mouth. He then pulled a little sneaky on me.
He lowered his fist a little, hoping my mouth would follow it down. I made the mistake of doing so, and suddenly my lips pressed against the tip of his penis.
I was shocked, but hungry. Hoping Joey somehow hadn't noticed, I left my mouth there, just kissing his tip as he continued to jerk himself off.
He was wet too, a little strand of pre-cum dabbing at my mouth. I parted my lips slightly, and his tip entered my mouth just a little.
It was impossible for me not to get my tongue involved. I brought it slowly to his head, licking at him. It was a little salty, but more importantly, it felt good....soft, yet firm.
Joey groaned as more of my mouth took him in. Suddenly, my lips slipped past the mushroom tip of his dick and onto his actual shaft.
We moaned together, and I had a moment of clarity. I was sucking Joey's dick!
I immediately pulled back, intending to come away from him, find some other way to get off, something less.....gay.
"Oh no! You can't stop now!" Joey said with a laugh. "You gotta finish what you started!"
He thrusted his dick up and into my mouth while at the same time grabbing the back of my head and pushing me down lower onto him.
I gagged and squealed, surprised at how high and girlish my voice was. "Joey, stop!" I tried to yell. All that came out was garbled choking.
Both of his hands were on the back of my head now, controlling how far I could come away from him.
I tried to keep my head at the highest point, but he caught on to this tactic, grabbed a bunch of my hair and began forcing my head to bob up and down on his dick.
"Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!" I tried to yell at him, but all that came out was, "JAJAJAJA!" as his dick filled my mouth hole.
My saliva mixed with his pre-cum and drooled down the sides of his dick, a thick white mess.
"Oh god!" Joey was losing his mind. "Oh fuck! God damn! Fuck!"
He begun thrusting up into my mouth, trying to reach the back of my throat.
Frantic, I grabbed his cock, wrapping my fist low around his base so he couldn't choke me with his dick anymore. I started sliding my hand up and down on him, loving the way he felt against my palm, my fingers.
I used my free hand to massage his balls, rubbing first one, then the other, then trying to rub them both together.
Joey moaned at my touch and laid back, allowing me to suck him freely.
Not wanting him to push me down onto his meat again, I bobbed my mouth as low as I could go on him, sucking him with my lips and tongue, inhaling him deeply.
"Ohhhh, fuck yeah, Michelle," he said. "Suck that fucking cock."
His words excited me, made me want to go deeper on him. The only way I could see to do that though was to straddle him.
I maneuvered my lower half, swung my leg over him, and sat my bubbly female ass right on his chest. All the while, my mouth stayed firmly planted on his dick.
"You gotta lose those underwear," Joey said.
"Why?" I asked, not following. I was pretty sure I could get off just from sucking on him.
"Trust me," Joey said, and suddenly he was pulling my underwear down, slipping them around first one knee, then the other.
I felt his breath on my puss, and I gasped with a mix of surprised pleasure.
"Don't!" I yelled. "I'm so fucking wet....."
"I don't care."
And then, suddenly.....blinding pleasure as Joey's mouth planted on my pussy lips, his tongue invading my hole.
"OH GOD!" I yelled. He was relentless, his tongue everywhere. He nibbled at my lips, probed me with his tongue, found and attacked my clit.
I couldn't help but hammer my pussy on his mouth, his nose, his chin.
"OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!" I'd never felt anything this sensitive, this good. At that moment, I would have gladly had Joey's babies if he'd asked me.
To show my appreciation at his mouth skills, I sucked him harder, faster, deeper. I pushed my mouth down as far as I could on his shaft, held myself down on him like I was in a swimming pool trying to see how long I could hold my breath.
My very first orgasm took me by surprise. I felt it rising up in me, and suddenly I was crying out as my pussy shook on Joey's face, trembling as I clamped my pussy lips down on his mouth, digging my clit into his chin.
I cried out and wailed for what seemed like forever. Jerking on Joey's meat until my mouth was ready to take him again, I wondered how girls survived such intense bouts of pleasure.
I slobbered over his hard penis, wanting more than ever for him to cum in my mouth, cover my face, paint me with his jizz. I wanted him to feel the overwhelming power of orgasmic release.
I sucked faster still until I heard Joey laughing. I shot him a look back that said, 'What the fuck?' but he just smiled at me admiringly.
"Go ahead, take your time. But, if you want me to cum, you're gonna have to let me fuck it," he said.
"Why's that?" I said, hoping he noticed the mix of cum and saliva dangling from my chin.
He shrugged his shoulders. "I've just gotta have something to thrust into, I guess."
"Well, thrust into this," I said, and began sinking my mouth deeply onto his groin, trying to get as close to balls deep as I could.
Joey actually pulled me off of him, sliding out from underneath me. "I need to get deeper," he said, and motioned for me to lay so my head was hanging off the side of the bed.
He then strode over and leaned over my body so his meat and balls were dangling over my mouth.
Slowly, he fed his shaft into my waiting lips, pushing his cock into my mouth until I choked and gagged on it. He then withdrew sightly, finding a depth that I could comfortably suck him.
"Ready?" he asked.
"Ready for what?" I tried to ask, but all that came out was, "RaRaRa!"
Taking this as assent, Joey plowed deeply into my mouth, immediately coming back up as I choked and spluttered on him. Before I could catch my breath, he sank in low and deep again, immediately coming back up. He repeated this motion again and again, picking up speed as he did until he was hammering my mouth with his meat, moving in deeper and deeper with each stroke.
He grabbed at my tits, squeezing the soft flesh of my pillows and tweaking my nipples painfully. He slapped at my boobs and continued to fuck my face.
I wrestled against him on the bed as I choked and gagged on his cock, semen and drool quickly covering my face and eyes so I could barely make out a thing. Joey held me in place though, barely giving me a break as he continued to pummel me.
At last, he sank balls deep in my mouth. His balls, in fact, were pressed so tightly against my nose that I couldn't breathe. He held himself there, seeing how long I could take it. I flailed and fought against him, making whatever guttural noises I could to let him know it was too much. I clutched at his ass cheeks, trying to somehow pull him from my face.
He relented, pulling most of his meaty dick from my lips. I gasped for air, choking around his tip, saliva and cum pouring from my lips.
Once he saw I was fine though, Joey pushed himself all the way back down my throat. I moaned for mercy around his meat, pleading with him to take his dick out and just fuck me.
"What?" he asked, seeing the tears in my eyes, picking up on the fact that I was getting done with this part of our fuck session. "You wanted me to cum, didn't you?"
He began thrusting in and out of my mouth, sloshing my mouth with his meat, and trying desperately to get off.
I tried to yell around his dick, and I guess this must have had some effect because Joey suddenly fell on top of me, laying in a kind of 69 position.
"Here," he said. "Maybe this'll keep you quiet."
He put both of his hands on my pussy, using one to play with my lips and probe my hole and the other to twist and squeeze at my clit.
It was a pleasant distraction, but it hardly lessened the fact that he was full on fucking my mouth. My lips slid up and down over his meat, his balls slamming into my nose. He was picking up speed, railing me like a damn locomotive.
I needed him to finish, to be done with this before I suffocated or else strangled myself in his meat. I did what I could with my mouth, trying to urge him to a climax with my tongue.
Finally, miraculously, he pulled away from me. Both of us panting but for very different reasons, he slapped the side of my face with his meat, used it to clean the cum and drool from my eyes, then fed it back into my mouth.
I lapped at it hungrily, animalistic, unable to think straight.
"Let's do doggy," Joey said. "So, I can finish."
At this point, I didn't give a fuck what he did as long as he gave my mouth and throat a break. I climbed up on top of the bed, facing the headboard, and buried my face in a pillow, trying to clean it the rest of the way.
I arched my ass up as high as I could, trying to give him easy access.
"Damn, girl!" Joey said excitedly. "I'm fixing to fuck the shit out of you!"
"Whatever, man. Just get finished," I said. "This is taking forever...."
Joey climbed up on the bed behind me, straddling my ass. I took a deep breath, and suddenly he was pushing inside me.
"OH GODDDDDD......" I moaned.
"You like that?" Joey asked. "You like Daddy fucking you?"
"Just shut up and do it!" I yelled.
He pulled out of my pussy, teasing me with just the tip, making me want more of him inside.
"What are you doing?" I asked. "Are you gonna fuck me or not?"
"Tell me," Joey said.
"Tell you what?" I asked.
Joey pushed in slightly, teasing my puss. "Tell me you want Daddy's cock inside you."
"Shut the fuck up, Joey!" I said angrily. "Just do it and get it over with!"
"Tell me!" Joey demanded, giving my ass a tremendous slap as he spoke.
"Ow! What the fuck man?!"
Another hard slap.
"Tell Daddy you want it."
"Joey...." I said, trying to reason with him.
He slapped me again, the hardest one yet, and it rocked my body so far forward that my head bumped into the headboard.
"Alright! Fuck! I want it!" I said.
"I want it what?" Joey said.
I rolled my eyes. "I want it, Daddy."
"I don't think you do," Joey said. And suddenly, he began pummeling my ass cheeks with slap after slap after slap.
I cried and wailed. "Goddammitt STOP!" Still the slaps came in.
I knew what I had to do.....
"Fuck me, Daddy!" I yelled. "I want that cock! Fuck me with it please!"
Finally, he relented. Joey pushed all the way inside me, taking my breath away and exciting my lady parts on a level I hadn't yet experienced.
He grabbed my waist and fucked my pussy hard and deep, drawing cries of pleasure out of my lungs I had no idea I was capable of producing.
He pounded my insides, building up a powerful orgasm in me I couldn't wait to unleash.
The bed was good quality, but nothing could have kept it in place with the force of our fucking. The headboard banged loudly against the wall. If the people next door didn't hear the bed, then they surely heard my cries.
"Fuck me, Dadddddyyyyy!" I wailed. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuccccckkkk!"
Joey was speaking unintelligibly himself, issuing low guttural grunts and groans as he enjoyed every last inch of my soaking wet pussy hole.
"Daddy's coming!" he managed to say just as he exploded inside me.
The force of his climax forced me to orgasm with him. Then, we were both yelling and crying out as we expended ourselves, emptying everything we had into each other's bodies.
I fell onto the bed, exhausted, and Joey fell beside me. His mouth found mine, and it should have been awkward. Kissing my best friend. It should have been wrong. But all I could think about was how good getting fucked felt, how good lady orgasms were, and how we were probably gonna spend the whole rest of the trip inside this room fucking.