Marti starts to get worried.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 24 (mF, mc, nc, impreg?, sm)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*Hey lover*

*Yo JJ!*

*U ignorin me?*

Marti was getting concerned. It wasn't like JJ to not respond to her texts. She called him, but it immediately went to voicemail.

"Hey, JJ, gimme a call, okay? Even if you're mad at me or somethin', please just let me know you're alright." She hung up. Did he somehow hear about what she had been doing with his sperm, she wondered? She had a couple girls come up to her in school earlier that very day asking about her 'scented lotion', but without JJ she was sitting high and dry.

She hoped that he hadn't found someone else.

---

"But why only her, Sandoval? There were four women in there with him."

JJ woke to the French man's -- Jean's -- voice coming through the speaker in his room. It was dark in the room now. The boy held still, but felt a warm female body in front of him, in the little spoon position. The crazy French chick, he figured, still unconscious from her insemination earlier.

"I don't know how it works, Jean. With his father I was fine one day, and the next I wasn't, same as a couple other female agents, though they reacted to him on different days. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason." Carmen sighed in frustration. "Maybe they were too far away, or something else. I found that breathing through my mouth seemed to help."

"There is a pattern...we are just not seeing it yet," Jean replied. "We will keep testing. Oh, merde!" Thunk! Then the mic cut out.

JJ, his back to the window, felt their eyes upon him through the glass. He held still. Nope, I'm asleep, didn't hear a thing, he thought to himself. He hoped they assumed that.

After a few minutes, he heard the door in the small viewing room open and close. He waited a few minutes more before he turned to look. The small room through the window was dark, but his eyes were getting used to the light coming from under the strong-looking door. He spied a small curtain cordoning off one corner of the room and crawled over to it, feeling like he'd just fall over if he tried to stand up. Sure enough, there was a toilet there, and he used it to relieve himself.

He re-fastened his jeans and crawled back into bed, naturally slipping back into the big spoon position behind the ash blonde woman, and she stirred. "Ou?" she whispered, confused.

"Umm...Je m'appelle JJ," he told her, using pretty much the only French he knew.

She responded with a flurry of French as she started to wake up, but he caught her name: Margeau.

"Err...no parlez Francais, Margeau, okay? Can we just go back to sleep?"

He heard her sniff, and then she started to rub her naked butt back at him. "Ooh, JJ..." she moaned.

Crap, not again, he raged. This crazy chick had just about knocked his block off earlier trying to get his cum. Not this time, he decided. He pulled his jeans down, freeing his rising cock, and then reached around to grab the woman by her neck. He squeezed menacingly.

"Hhh..." she moaned, arching her back and rubbing her bare butt against his now fully hard member. "Ouiii..."

JJ reached down with his other hand and directed his cock into her very hot, wet pussy. They moaned as he slipped inside, aided by the remains of his cum from their previous coupling. He then reached up to massage her magnificent breasts with those conical nipples as he started to thrust into her.

JJ was frustrated. He and his mother had been kidnapped and were in terrible danger, his stepdad and stepsister were hurt, he had a terrible headache from hitting his head, and now he couldn't even have a conversation with this woman. Something snapped inside his head, and he fiercely twisted Margeau's nipple.

She gave a hiss, which could have been from pleasure or pain; he didn't care. He gripped her throat tighter and thrust harder. Her breathing was getting labored, but she just lay there and took it, yielding to his hormonal authority.

He hefted one of Margeau's C-cup breasts as he adjusted his angle for maximum penetration. Unbidden, Marti's voice sounded in his head, as it did a number of times before when he was having sex, "You think they'll get bigger when they're full of milk?"

"Raah!" he yelled as his orgasm blew through him and he hosed Margeau's vulnerable reproductive system with his cum.

The blonde, already having trouble taking a breath, felt her own orgasm thunder through her as JJ's sperm-filled semen caused a hormonal chain reaction inside her body. "Huhh...huhh..." she gasped, her vision compressing to a pinpoint due to lack of oxygen. "HUHH!!" Her body stiffened as overwhelming pleasure and survival instinct battled for supremacy. Finally, she collapsed, unconscious again. JJ let go of her throat and made sure that she was still breathing.

"Sorry," he offered, but she couldn't hear him. JJ lay his head back down and soon joined her in sleep.

---

When JJ woke, Margeau was gone and the covers had been pulled over him.

"Oh, you're awake!" Sniff!

JJ froze. His mother was in the room with him! He sat up to see her sitting at the foot of the bed. His head didn't seem to be hurting as much as before. He looked toward the viewing window but no one was there.

"Mom, breathe through your mouth, okay? I know it doesn't make much sense, but you have to trust me."

Maureen looked confused, but trusted her son. "Okay, JJ." Her jaw hung loose as she did as directed.

"How long have you been in here?"

She reflexively went to check her watch, but grimaced as she remembered it had been taken, along with their other electronics. "Maybe 5 minutes. They took that other woman away...she wanted to stay with you. What was wrong with her, JJ? She seemed...I don't know...drugged?"

JJ looked at the window again. He wanted to whisper to his mother, but didn't want her to get close. He just had to chance that there were no automatic listening devices.

"Mom, I have to tell you something about Dad John, and myself..."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)