Author: Priapus

Title: Busting a Nut

Part: 5 of 6

Summary: A man is lured out of a strip club to a palatial estate
and finds himself the guest of honor at an orgiastic celebration.

Keywords: MF, MM, M+F+, Fdom, cbt, fist, rape, tort, nc, snuff,
rim, vore

Universe: Scythian Sisterhood

Busting a Nut

Priapus <priapic_wonder@yahoo.com>


http://castrisecret.tumblr.com/


The two girls dove into their work, both mouths lapping, licking,
sucking the erection they held between them.  John concentrated
as much as he could, trying to imagine the awful pain he knew he
would endure if he lost, and for one minute, and then another,
and then a third, he kept his composure, his eyes tightly closed.
 He tried to take himself to another place in his mind, isolate
all feelings of pleasure.

The girls seemed frustrated, unable to generate the syncopated
rhythm they had used on the hapless consort, his ass still being
reamed by the fist of his comrade on the end of the divan.  They
whispered to each other urgently, but no longer giggled.  They
seemed to be working the wrong locations at the wrong times.

Pandora looked over at the girls, once so confident and now with
an increasing sense of panic.  There was little she could do. 
The girls had made their bed, or more accurately had created the
conditions for this macabre theater of the absurd.  It was her
role as mistress of ceremonies to play up the drama for the
audience, increase the excitement of the moment, and put the real
peril the girls faced in perspective for the encouraging
audience.  After all, it was their nave, haughty confidence that
put them in this position, perhaps it would be a greater lesson
to the sisterhood greater than just another castration if the two
young women failed, and lost their lives horribly in the process.

She switched her microphone to an internal channel and gave an
order, then switched it back.  The blood red numbers of the clock
read 6:00 when the first of the Sisterhoods execution devices
was rolled onto the stage through the archway at the back of the
arena, and brought to a stop next to the edge of the arena floor.
 Adjusted to a height of six and a half feet, it was a tall steel
frame like the dangling chair.  But where the dangling chair had
a network of straps and chains, this device had only two visible
constraints.

At the base, there were ankle cuffs, securely welded to the iron
frame, shoulder-width apart.  From a pulley at the top dangled a
white rope noose, knotted in the classic hangman style and hung
from a pulley, with the end attached to a crank.

Instead of dropping the victim from a height and breaking the
neck, this gallows was designed to lift the victims weight
gradually off the ground by the neck, and slowly choke the life
out of the condemned prisoner.  Pandora had seen this device used
only twice before, both times for the execution of men who killed
their rape victims, and who were thus not eligible for mere
castration.

The Sisterhood executioner had managed to make their hangings
last for hours.  The Sister in charge of the procedures took her
time castrating the men, one with a rusty knife, and with dull
safety scissors for the other.  Their penises were both burned
off with a propane torch.  The mens backs, asses and legs were
flayed skinless with barbed wire whips while they slowly
succumbed to asphyxiation, stretched at the end of the rope.

All of these implements were would be available to John on the
torture cart, if he were to win.  While the prisoner lacked the
expertise of the Sisterhoods Head Torturer, Pandora shivered to
think what punishments he would deliver to the girls if he were
to win the bet and decide to string one up with the noose.

The timer was at 5:40 when the second execution device was
wheeled to the front of the stage. This one also featured a tall
frame, but from the top simply dangled two wrist straps hanging
from chain attached to a crank.  The business end of this device
was down below: a long, sharpened impaling pole sticking straight
up from the center of the frame.  On either side of the pole were
adjustable height steps with ankle braces.  This particular
device had been used only once, for a child molester who raped
young boys, and who was let out of prison accidentally by the US
justice system due to overcrowding.  By the time the
authorities realized the mistake and tried to locate him, he was
already in the hands of the Sisterhood.

Two pieces of piano wire still dangled from the frame.  The Head
Torturer had employed these wires to sever his cock and balls
long before the slow descent down the pole finally took his life.
 She had left the mutilated organs of his manhood dangling there
in front of his eyes as the pole traversed through his
intestines.

The time had nearly elapsed to 5:00 when the final execution
device was brought out onto the arena floor.  This had been the
only one used by the Sisterhood to execute a woman.  It resembled
an exercise bench, with flat, long padded leather surface at
waist height, but all around were a number of bars and
extensions, firmly welded and bolted to the heavy iron frame,
bearing waist, ankle and wrist cuffs.  These allowed the victim
to be securely bound, face up or down, with legs and arms in a
variety of positions, so long as the head of the prisoner was in
its proper position in the guillotine.  The Sisterhood used this
device for capital punishment within the order, as it was
considered too merciful for the men that the order needed to
punish.

The two naked young women knew that Pandora meant to make an
example of them if they failed in their flamboyant approach to
what had normally been a serious and somber ceremony, but they
were surprised by Pandoras introduction of the noose and the
impaling rod.  By the time all three implements were spread
around the front of the stage, only four and a half minutes
remained on the timer.  It appeared to Pandora that the girls
would not win their bet.

Pandoras next idea surprised even the most jaded of the
Sisterhood.  She positioned herself next to the head of the
victim, whose eyes were still tightly shut.  John, she said in
a sultry tone that carried to the filled the auditorium, Ive
brought you some toys in case you win your bet.  You should see
them!  He kept his eyes closed, so she continued.  It makes me
so wet to think of how you will rape and ruin these two naughty
little girls if you win the bet, John.  Im playing with my
pussy, can you smell me?  She had lifted the front of her toga
and was pumping two fingers inside herself.  She wiped those
fingers on his upper lip and he finally opened his eyes to look
directly up into her gaping hole.

Grasping the chains that held his head harness, she directed his
gaze to the noose behind her.  Look what I brought you, John.  I
think that one would be perfect for our dear Calliope here. 
Shes so tall and lean.  Strip off those silly stockings and tall
heels so she is completely naked and vulnerable to you.  Tie her
hands behind her back and slip her skinny neck through the noose.
 Strap her feet down, spread wide apart, and raise her up by her
neck, just enough so she is standing on her pretty little tippy,
tippy toes.  She gurgles, choking, but still getting air.  You
stand behind her, raping her tight little ass with your big, hard
cock, taking her so hard and so fast her she bleeds all over your
mighty weapon.

Johns eyes were firmly fixed on the noose.  Behind the device
the video monitor displayed a live close up of Calliopes tight
ass and pink pussy as she bent over his cock, trying desperately
to make him lose the bet.  Pandora continued But thats not
enough blood is it John?  You want her to suffer as badly as she
was going to make you suffer, dont you?  Fevered visions ran
though his brain.

Ill help you.  Ill go over to the table and fetch the rough
stone dagger, Pandora gasped, her fingers plunging into her wet
cunt as she described the scenario. Ill bring the dagger and
while you rape her bleeding ass Ill slice off those slippery
pink pussy lips with the nasty rough edge.  If she cries out Ill
stuff her sliced off lips in her own mouth!  Then Ill gouge out
her clit, and feed it to her raw while you fuck her assmake her
chew and swallow it down before you tighten the rope and choke
the last breath out of her.

Pandora shook off her toga, and spreading her legs straddled
Johns face, her pussy mere inches from his nose.  With that
awful blonde slut out of the way we can take our time with this
chubby, redheaded bitch.  Lets put her on that long, sharp
impaler, okay John?  Youd like that, wouldnt you? The victim
strained his eyes, and past the dangling labia of the mistress of
ceremonies he could see the round, pale ass of Melinda straddling
his chest, wiggling as she tried so hard to work the jism out of
his aching shaft.

Where do you want it to go John?  Do you want the tip of that
sharp spike in her puffy little pussy?  Pandora stuck her finger
into the younger girls cunt, still working her own hole with two
fingers of her other hand.  John tried to say something, it
sounded like a no to Pandora, so she withdrew her finger from
Melindas red-trimmed box and stuck it deep into the girls
freckled anal pucker.

You want it in here, dont you?  You want to feel the long hard
cold steel thrust up her ass while you punch that thick cock of
yours hard into her pussy.  You want to feel the rod sliding up
deeper and deeper into her, sliding past your cock through the
thin muscles of her cunt as you pump her harder and harder with
your cock.  You want to feel her hot blood draining out of her,
down your legs.  Still not enough blood John?  You want more of
her hot blood to cover you?

John was quivering.  He did want it, so very much. He lusted
after the blood, the pain, the screams.  He had always loved it
when a woman screamed and especially so when he was raping her. 
He yearned for the moment when Melindas life would end on the
stake, when Calliopes last breath would gurgle out at the end of
the rope.

Such desire he had to feel them breathe their last while his cock
was buried deep in their flailing young bodies that he lost his
focus on the pain, the focus that had been keeping him from
spraying his last load of cum all over the faces of the two girls
who worked their mouths feverishly on his erect shaft.  He tried
to focus his mind back on the pain, but the images of the girls
violent deaths kept flooding back.

Only 30 seconds, Pandora teased, her own fingers squishing
inside her juicy pussy, dripping on Johns face.  If you want
more blood, Ill take the scissors and cut the ginger bitches
nipples off for youlet it run down your chest as you fuck her
tight pussy.  Her pussy is so very tight John.  Back to
focusthe awful pain if he lost the bet, and lost his balls, he
had to maintain focus on the pain.

Just 20 more seconds, John.  Youve done so well.  Soon youd be
able to feel it.  Your thick cock in her tight little pussy, her
hot blood running down your legs and chest.

Suddenly, between his legs, the feeling changed.  The girls
formerly awkward manipulations turned smooth and graceful, fluid
and irresistible.  But he only had a short time leftwhat were
they doing?  He felt the start of an orgasm welling up inside his
loins.  No! No!  He had to hold on just a few more seconds.

Count him down! Pandora exhorted the crowd.

10! they shouted.

You push her down on the spike, Pandora continued.

9!

Grab her hair and tilt back her head.

8!

Feel the spike tearing through her body.

7!

She screams, blood coming from her mouth.

6! He felt his balls tighten, only a few more seconds.

You kiss her to muffle her screams.

5!

Taste her rushing blood in your mouth.

4!

Smother her with your kiss.

3!

Her last breath is yours.

2!

The spike emerges from her mouth.

1!

And you fill her dead cunt with your hot cum.

The crowd bursts into raucous shouting and applause.  The time
now past, his bet was won; John could contain his triumphant
orgasm no longer.  Jets of cum spurt out of his thick veiny
weapon, spraying the faces of Calliope and Melinda, running in a
torrent of pleasure down his shaft.  Visions of raping and
killing the two young bitches filled his head in a surge of
vicious vengeance.  The tortures Pandora had described were
childs play compared to what he intended to do.

