Tom reached out and slowly ran a hand along Draco's cheek. "Good morning," he said with a smile.

Grinning, Draco scooted closer. "Likewise."

"You don't regret what happened, do you?" Tom asked softly. He sounded genuinly concerned. "You don't think the two of us moved a little too fast?"

Draco chuckled. "Did you ever, at any point last night, get the impression that anything was going too fast for me, Tom?"

"No," he answered with a small smile, "but regret rarely occurs until the morning after."

"Well, in that case, just so we're clear…" Draco leaned up to kiss Tom's neck. "I have no regrets whatsoever. On the contrary. I haven't felt this good in a very long time."

"I'm glad," Tom said, "and just you know, I don't think I have, either."

Feeling Draco's soft hair between his fingers, Tom once again pondered on the possibility of not returning to the past. He wouldn't go so far as to say he had fallen in love, because he honestly had no idea what that was supposed to feel like, but he did know that in Draco Malfoy’s presence, he felt at peace, and he'd never felt that way with anyone else before.

"Harry?" Hermione called out. She was relieved to have finally located her best friend, even if his current location surprised her greatly. What was he doing in the Transfiguration classroom at this time of the morning? Had he spent the night here? And why on earth would he have done something like that?

"Are you all right?" she asked worriedly.

"Fine," he snapped.

"Harry," she said slowly, trying to shrug off the harsh tone he had just used. "I can understand that you're not doing too well and I empathise, honestly I do, but please, don't take it out on me. I'm your friend. I’m only trying to help."

He opened his mouth to utter a cutting retort—something about interfering, overbearing nuisances who didn’t know when to quit—but when he took in the sad, sympathetic look on her face, he instantly changed his mind. "It's complicated," he muttered, and let out a deep sigh.

She pulled up a chair and sat down next to him. "How do you mean, Harry? Complicated in what way?" She reached out, took his hands in hers, and was very relieved when he didn't pull away from physical contact like he usually did.

"I..." He swallowed hard, before he whispered, "I might fancy blokes, Hermione."

She frowned and then asked in a soft tone, "You mean you think you’re gay, Harry?"

He nodded grimly.

"All right," Hermione said carefully, "but if you don't mind me asking, how come you suddenly think that? You liked Ginny last year, didn't you? I mean…"

"Because I spent most of last night wanking over Malfoy, that’s why I think that," Harry blurted out, much louder than was strictly necessary, let alone appropriate.

Hermione couldn’t help but flinch. Even for her, there was still such a thing as too much information.

"Draco Malfoy," she finally said, after a few minutes of thick, ominous silence. "Oh my goodness! I'm terribly sorry."

That wasn’t a lie either. She realised all too well that this couldn't possibly be easy. Of all the people to have developed such feelings for… As if Harry wasn't going through a tough enough time as it was.

"Hey Hermione, I was wondering where…" Ron burst into the room, but as soon as he spotted Harry looking utterly miserable as well as unmistakably furious, he stopped dead in his tracks. "Um… is everything okay?" he asked awkwardly.

"It will be, Ron," Hermione answered in a determined voice, as she pulled Harry into a tight hug. "It will be."

Together, Tom and Draco sauntered into the Great Hall. They sat down in what had fast become their usual seats at the Slytherin table, and a few minutes later, they were pleasantly surprised to see Greg and Luna walking up to them. "All right if we join you?" Greg asked, gesturing towards two empty chairs.

"Um, yes, certainly," Draco said quickly. "You haven’t been properly introduced yet, have you? Tom, meet Gregory Goyle and Luna Lovegood."

Greg shook Tom's hand. The present situation was more than a little odd, considering everything that had gone before, but Greg was determined to keep an open mind. And besides, his girlfriend had been right. It was about time he made amends with Draco.

"Miss Lovegood," Tom said with a charming smile. Then he kissed the back of the girl’s right hand, a gesture that had both Greg and Draco frowning slightly.

At around the same time, Draco unconsciously felt his gaze drawn to the Gryffindor table. Mildly annoyed, he looked up, only to find himself gazing straight into the eyes of a rather guilty looking Harry Potter.

Shit, Draco thought, but just as he was about to look the other way—really quickly, before his own eyes betrayed any other emotion than cold indifference—Harry blushed and averted his gaze first.

Draco blinked. What the hell had that been all about? If he didn't know any better, he’d almost start to wonder if Potter…

"Everything all right?" Tom enquired, noticing the strange expression on his boyfriend's face.

"Um, yeah," Draco whispered. "It's just… Potter's acting kind of bizarre."

"No change there, then," Tom said dismissively and began to butter his toast.

It was almost midnight when Draco made his way up to the Astronomy Tower. He had his doubts whether the diagram he’d drawn of the constellation they'd discussed that afternoon was entirely accurate, so he had decided to go and have a look for himself, just to make absolutely certain. After all, he had no intention of losing valuable points over something that trivial. These days, his grades were among the very few things he could still be proud of.

When he reached the top of the stairs, the sight in front of him made his breath catch in his throat.

Someone was standing on the ledge of one of the large windows, looking very much like he was about to make a deadly leap.

"Potter?" Draco exclaimed in surprise, and before he fully realised what he was doing, he was rushing to the astonished Gryffindor’s side and pulling the boy away from the ledge, using enough force to send them both tumbling down to the cold stone floor.

"Malfoy!" Harry spat, as soon as he'd sufficiently recovered from his shock. “What the fuck did you have to go and do that for?"

"Excuse me?" Draco shot back. "I was supposed to just let you jump, was I?"

"Let me…. What?" Harry's hollow laughter boomed from wall to wall. "I wasn't going to jump, you imbecile! The whole point is to stand on a ledge, knowing you can jump but making a conscious choice not to."

Draco's eyes widened. "You're insane," he said, shaking his head in bewilderment. "So Skeeter was right about you, after all: stark raving mad."

"As it happens, Malfoy, the expert from St Mungo's disagrees," Harry retorted, not fully realising what he was actually admitting to, not even stopping to consider that (more or less) mentioning his therapy to his long-term rival mightn’t have been the smartest idea he’d ever had.

Draco frowned. "All right," he said, ignoring Potter’s semi-confession, "and what if you'd slipped?"

Harry snorted. "Oh, what do you even care, Malfoy?!"

"I don't," Draco said a little too quickly, "but rest assured, Potter, I'll never try to help you ever again. The next time I catch you looking like you’re on the verge of offing yourself, I'll just walk away quietly and let you get on with it."

With that, he turned on his heel and headed in the direction of one of the large periscopes.

"Malfoy!" Harry yelled after him. "Wait!"

Draco turned around again. "Now what?"

"Look," Harry began, as he quickly made his way over to where Malfoy was standing, "about what happened the other day…"

"What other day?" Draco snapped.

Harry nervously ran a hand through his hair. "That... um ... paralysis spell I cast on you…”

"Ah. That." Draco crossed his arms defensively. "What about it?"

"I… um... I probably shouldn't have done that," Harry stated lamely.

Draco almost laughed. "You don’t say, Potter!"

"Anyway," Harry went on, "I've … um… I've been having some problems lately and well… That’s no excuse, really, but… my point is… you didn't deserve that… so... so… I'm sorry."

Draco smirked. "Hm, St Mungo's experts clearly aren't what they used to be," he remarked dryly. "But for what it's worth, Potter, fair enough, plenty of water under the bridge and all that rot, and I have far better things to do these days anyhow than to fight with you.”

The words escaped Harry's lips before he could stop himself: "Things like Tom Riddle, you mean?"

Draco sneered. "Yes, if you must know," he replied smugly. For the briefest of moments, he was under the impression that Harry seemed jealous, but Draco quickly pushed those thoughts away. The mere notion was ridiculous; Harry Potter despised him, loathed him with every fibre of his being, and the boy couldn't be very fond of Tom either. "So, was there anything else, Potter?" Draco finally added. "Maybe you'd care to discuss my sex life a little further?"

Harry quickly shook his head and suddenly found himself blushing furiously.

"Very well, then," Draco said. "In that case, I suggest you sod off back to Gryffindor, before I abuse my power as Head Boy and start relieving you of some excessive House points."

Harry bit his lip. At this point, it was very tempting to start throwing some insults Malfoy's way, to instigate another fight, but Harry couldn't bring himself to do it. He suddenly realised, much to his own horror, that he really didn’t want to argue with Malfoy anymore.

So in the end, Harry only nodded and silently returned to his dormitory, leaving a bemused Draco staring after him.

"Did you manage to find all the information you needed?" Tom asked, as Draco walked back into their room.

"No problem at all." Draco placed his parchment and quill on the desk. "I did have another run-in with Potter, though."

"Oh?" Tom frowned. "He didn't hurt you again, did he?"

"No, he didn't. That was the strangest thing, actually." Draco sat down on the bed. "The prat came up to me and apologised."

"Really? That's certainly… unexpected."

"You can say that again."

For a few minutes, Tom watched his boyfriend intently. Draco was clearly doing his utmost to appear as innocent as possible, but the only thing he accomplished was to look all the more guilty instead. "Tell me," Tom said, "at the risk of sounding like a possessive bastard, which, admittedly, I am, could I ask you a question?"

"Okay,” Draco replied hesitantly.

"All right, then. Assuming that Potter were interested in… persuing you, would you…?"

"Would I what?" Draco asked, as his heart started to race.

"Ah. Let me put it this way..." Tom raised a challenging eyebrow. "Would you give in?"

Draco swallowed hard. How easy wouldn't it be to lie, to try to talk his way out of this? But he knew full well that not only did Tom deserve better than that, there was also a significant chance that he'd see right through him. Tom was no fool by any stretch of the imagination.

"Honestly?" Draco asked softly.

"Of course. We should always be honest with one another, should we not?"

"Right." Draco took a deep breath, before he admitted quietly, "If I could, to put it bluntly, shag Potter, I would, but I can't, because I have you, and I wouldn't want to lose you. You're... Well, you're a lot more precious to me than I could ever imagine Potter being."

"Good answer," Tom said with a smug grin, “because I’m certainly not giving you up. But what if I gave you permission to… have some fun with him?"

"If you..." Draco's eyes widened with shock. "What?!"

"I’ve been thinking that it might be rather... entertaining, watching you and him... you know..."

"Wait? What? You… You’d watch us?"

Tom gave a wicked chuckle. "I'm thinking that could be one of my conditions, yes."

"Your conditions?" Draco's head was spinning. He wondered why all the oxygen in the room had suddenly vanished. "Um, look," he began, willing himself back to reality. "This is just idle talk anyway. Potter wouldn't be interested in me, not in a million years."

"Don't be too sure of that, Draco," Tom said with an enigmatic smile. "I noticed him watching you today. At one point, he was practically drooling. And every time you happened to glance anywhere in his direction, he quickly looked away, blushing like a besotted schoolgirl."

"What?" Draco gulped. "Are you serious?"

"Very much so," Tom said. "If you want Potter, he's probably yours for the taking."

"Wow," was all Draco managed in response to that.

"Wow, indeed." Tom grinned. "And far be it from me to deny you anything you really want, Draco. You deserve to be spoiled. Now," he whispered, "how about letting your boyfriend do just that, hmm?"

Draco nodded. He gazed up into another pair of mesmerising green eyes and temporarily forgot all about Harry Potter.