Author: mypenname3000
Title: Shipwrecked on Futa Island Chapter Fourteen: Futa MILF Naughty Angel Dream
Summary: The futas have one naughty plan for Paradise!
Keywords: HHh hF Hhh HH inc oral facial anal DP titty inter exhib voy

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Agatha Hart

I quivered at the sight of the angel. She had come to me in my dreams, her silver wings spreading out wide. She was gorgeous. Her skin was flawless, pale as milk and completely hairless. She had such an ethereal face. She had no race or nationality. She wasn't European despite her pale skin. Nor was she African, Asian, Middle-Eastern, Indian, Hispanic, or Pacific Islander.

It was like she was an amalgamation of all races. A distillation of human perfection. There was not a flaw about her. Breasts ripe and perky, her silver hair spilling in sleek waves around her angelic features. Her legs toned and gorgeous, her pussy lips tight and dripping.

Her silvery wings flooded behind her as she landed before me. Her smile dimpled her cheeks. Her eyes were violet. I had never seen such hues before. I quivered, entranced before her. My hands clasped tight before me.

Holy angel, I breathed. I'm so ready to hear the Lord's will for me.

Why, you have been chosen, Agatha Hart, the angel said. She stroked her hand down my cheek, leaving behind fire. You are needed.

My faith has been rewarded, I quivered as she slid her fingers to my lips. I kissed them. Licked them. They tasted so sweet.

Mmm, yes, yes, rewarded, the angel purred as my tongue flicked over her fingers. You are so eager for your task to repopulate the world with futanari.

The Second Kingdom shall be one of futanari? I asked.

Male and female synthesized together, the angel purred. That is what the world needs. The separation of the genders was a flaw that must be corrected. We are so happy that you have embraced being one of the new race of humans.

I love being a futanari, I said, my eyes staring at her pussy. She was so bald. She dripped. I breathed in and smelled that same sweet scent on her fingers. You've been... pleasuring yourself?

You and the other futanari on the island are quite... amorous, purred the angel. It is... very arousing for us.

Do you... need me to pleasure you? I asked. As practice for when I awaken. I am ready to repopulate the world with futanari, but this is all so new to me. Perhaps I can... practice my techniques on you. I've only known how to be with a man all my life.

Do you miss him? the angel asked.

I never knew what passion was until I met Rosa, I groaned. And now with my daughter... I have discovered such joy. I am glad I was saved and chosen for this. I have no regrets. I do not miss the past. I look forward to the future. To my new life as a futanari repopulating the world.

Good, purred the angel. She slid her fingers through my blonde hair, her ethereal face almost glowing with joy. I would be honored to let you practice on me, Agatha Hart.

She pulled me towards her pussy. I loved this. I shuddered as she pressed my face into her snatch. I quivered at the feeling of her cunt on my mouth. My tongue flicked out. I licked at her, savoring the feeling of her hot pussy on my mouth.

She groaned, her back arching as I feasted on her. I licked at her with such passion. She groaned, her body quivering with delight. The sweetness of her pussy soaked my taste buds. I slid my tongue through her perfect folds.

I loved what I was doing so much.

I savored this with hunger.

I licked and lapped at her with passion. I caressed her with everything that I had. She shuddered there as I feasted on her. My tongue slid through her folds. I lapped at her with such passion. She groaned, squeezing her thighs around my face. My tongue slid through her folds. I caressed her cunt with passion.

She groaned, her face twisting with delight as I devoured her twat. I lapped at her cunt with hunger. I licked at her with everything that I had. Her wings flared wide, glowing with silver light. The same light that had given me this cock.

Oh, Agatha Hart, the angel moaned. Oh, that is wondrous. Your tongue is so sweet. Ooh, you are going to be showered in my passion.

To be bathed in an angel's holy juices...

I thrust my tongue deep into her cunt. I swirled about in her with such passion. She quivered there, her features twisting with delight. Her violet eyes squeezed shut as my tongue fluttered through her folds. I devoured her with such hunger.

She groaned, humping against me. She smeared her hot pussy on my lips. I loved that so much. She ground on me, her wings flapping. My large boobs jiggled and my futa-dick throbbed. My clit-dick ached to slide into the angel's pussy.

To practice reproducing with her.

I hoped I had bred Chantelle. That she had bred me. Mother and daughter pregnant with each other's babies would be so delicious. I fluttered my tongue through the angel's folds. I licked at her with hunger, my heart pounding in my chest. I loved this so much.

I savored the taste of the angel's cunt. The flavor of her pussy. She had such a wonderful tasting twat. I swirled my tongue around in her pussy, her labia kissing my mouth. Her round boobs quivered above me.

Oh, that's so good. That's just so wonderful. The angel smiled down at me. You're doing so well with your practice, Agatha Hart!

I'm so glad! I moaned into her pussy. I flicked my tongue to her clit and brushed her bud. You're not a futa.

No, no, it's not possible, she moaned. That's why you were chosen.

That made sense. 

I licked at her with hunger. I feasted on her with such passion. I loved how she tasted. My tongue stroked through her folds, gathering up her juices. I was so thankful for being chosen. I loved having my futa-dick so much.

It was such a wonderful gift. I would use it wisely. I was so glad to have this passion. My heart pounded in my chest as I fluttered my tongue around her bud. She tossed her head from side to side, savoring everything I did to her. It was an incredible delight to feast on her.

She held me to her pussy, her entire body shuddering. I suckled hard on her clit, my futa-dick throbbing. Aching. I wanted to fuck her, but first I had to make her explode. I could feel she was so close to bursting.

I groaned as I nibbled on her clit. I suckled on her, loving the feeling of her nub in my mouth. She groaned as I did that. She trembled with excitement as I flicked my tongue over her clit. She groaned, her back arching.

Oh, that's so good, she whimpered. I... I... Agatha Hart!

Her sweet pussy cream gushed out.

I bathed in the angel's cunt cream. I licked up her passion, savoring every moment of her juices flooding out of her. I closed my eyes, my heart pounding with such a wild beat. I licked and lapped at her, gathering up her juices.

She trembled on me. Her moans surged around me. I drank them down. I gulped down that wonderful pussy cream. She moaned, her boobs bouncing. Her glowing wings flapped so hard as she drenched me in her passion.

Agatha Hart! she moaned, my futa-dick throbbing.

 I was so ready to fuck. Just so ready to pound her cunt and burst with delight. I would have such a big climax thrusting away at her pussy. A mighty orgasm. I licked at her pussy as she swayed. Then she stepped back from me.

I must practice reproducing with you! I moaned, my clit-dick aching. 

You shall, she moaned and sank to the floor. She spread her legs, her pussy dripping. I licked at my lips, tasting that sweetness. Take me, Agatha Hart. Spurt your futa-seed into me. I wish I could have your daughter, but...

You're sterile, I groaned. Angels couldn't reproduce. They were immortal beings.

Yes, she groaned.

I crawled to her, my clit-cock twitching and throbbing. Pussy cream dripped down my chin as I moved over her. My heavy tits swayed. She grabbed my futa-dick, waiting to pull me down to her cunt so I could fuck her hard.

I shuddered as she rubbed me into her pussy. She slid up and down me. I quivered as she did that. It was a thrill to have her doing that to me. My face twisted in delight at that sultry touch. It was an incredible passion. I would just cum so hard in her.

I leaned down and kissed the angel.

My big boobs piled into her round tits. She hugged me as my futa-dick nuzzled into the folds of her pussy. They parted before me, my cock sliding into her cunt as I sank all the way down on her. I groaned at the taste of her heavenly cunt.

Hot. Tight. Juicy.

I groaned into her lips, reveling in being in angelic pussy. Her cunt swallowed my futa-dick as I slid deeper and deeper into her. The pleasure rushed up my shaft and washed through my pussy. I trembled with such rapture. 

I drew back my hips, staring into her violet eyes. She groaned as I thrust back into her snatch. It was such an incredible rush to have her snatch around me. She gripped my futa-dick with that delicious sheath. I pumped away at her.

Oh, yes, yes, I'm so honored to fuck you! I groaned.

I am so thrilled to enjoy your cock, Agatha Hart! she moaned, squeezing her snatch around me. 

Me, too!

I kissed the angel, my lips smeared with her sweet pussy cream. She groaned, her hands sliding down my rump. She gripped my rump, holding me tight as I pumped away at her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. 

I slammed into her snatch. I loved the way her cunt held me tight. She massaged me with that delicious twat. Her hot flesh gripped me as I buried into her cunt over and over again, moaning into her lips as I enjoyed her twat gripping me.

She held me tight as I plunged into her twat. Her silky flesh massaged my futa-dick. The delight rippled down my shaft and washed through my cunt. I savored that heat sweeping through me. It was such a nice delight.

I groaned, pumping away at her. I thrust into her again and again. I fucked her with such passion, loving the way she gripped me. She held me tight, squeezing her cunt around my dick. I shuddered as she slammed into my cunt over and over again.

She groaned, gripping me with that hot twat of hers. I savored it. She massaged me with that delicious snatch. I groaned, gripping her pussy. She sent such delight racing through me. I plunged into her again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, breaking the kiss with the angel.

Mmm, Agatha Hart, your futa-dick is so amazing. Yes, yes, keep thrusting that cock into me.

I beamed at her, so happy to plow into her. I buried into her snatch again and again. I thrust into her twat over and over again. I buried deep. Hard. Her cunt clenched about me. She held me tight with that hot twat.

I loved it. I savored it. I reveled in the delight. She groaned, her nipples brushing mine. Sparks flared from my nubs as the angel squeezed her cunt down on my dick. I loved how she massaged me. This was an incredible rush.

Roll over, she groaned. I want to ride you, Agatha Hart!

Oh, yes, yes, that sounds perfectly, I groaned.

I rolled over and pulled her with me. Our boobs rubbed together as my dick throbbed in her hot sheath. She felt so amazing about me. I squirmed on my back as she gripped my dick. Then she rose. I gasped as she straightened on me.

Her silver wings flared wide.

I shuddered at the sight of the angel sitting impaled on my futa-dick. This was perfect. Such awe swept through me at her beauty. Her majesty. She squeezed her cunt around my cock and flapped her wings. She slid up me.

Yes! I gasped at the angelic snatch rising up my cock then plunging down me. Her round tits bounced. Oh, that's amazing.

She gripped my cunt with her hot snatch. She held me tight as she worked her twat up and down me. I loved how she held my futa-dick with her silky snatch. Her wonderful snatch massaged me as she rode my cock, her wings flapping.

I stroked her thighs, feeling her muscles flex as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. It was an incredible rush. I loved every moment of this. I savored every last second of this pleasure swelling in my ovaries. I would flood the angel's snatch with my cum.

Her hot snatch gripped me as she rose up me then slammed back down. She soaked me with her angelic cream. Her perfect face twisted with delight. I loved this so much. It was such a rush. I quivered here as she feasted on me with all that she had.

I loved it. I groaned, my hands sliding up to her breasts. I kneaded them. The angel's silvery hair swayed about her face as her glowing wings flapped. They were beating hard, while she was sliding her cunt up my cock. I shuddered as she impaled back down my dick.

I love this! I moaned.

Me, too, she purred, her hot cunt gripping me. Oh, Agatha Hart! Oh, that's so good. That's just amazing!

So amazing! I moaned, savoring every moment of her cunt working up and down my futa-dick. I'm going to cum in you!

A big smile spread on her lips. Wonderful!

She rode me faster, her hot cunt squeezing about me. The pressure in my ovaries grew and grew as the angel worked her cunt up and down my girl-cock. It was an amazing passion to enjoy this pleasure. I was so happy. So thrilled.

She plunged her cunt down my cock then worked back up me. I quivered there, my heart beating so fast in my chest. I loved every second of this. Every last moment of this pleasure built and built in me. I groaned as she held me. 

Massaged me. 

These were the delights that I craved. The pleasures I needed. It was an outstanding rush. I swelled towards my orgasm as she flapped her wings. It was an awesome delight. I shuddered, my back arching. She gasped as she plunged down me.

Agatha Hart! the angel cried in beatific ecstasy.

Her cunt writhed around my dick.

Oh, yes, yes, yes! I moaned, reveling in her cunt writhing around me. She felt so amazing. Lord, yes!

I exploded.

My futa-cum fired into her pussy. I erupted over and over again. Her hot cunt writhed around my clit-dick. She suckled at me. She nursed out my cum. I fired over and over into her snatch. I spurted again and again into her. It was an amazing rush to enjoy the bliss of cumming in her. 

My eyes rolled back in my head as I savored this pleasure. My girl-dick spurted again and again into the angel's pussy. I shuddered, feeling her cunt rippling around my cock. I thought I felt something splash on my tits and lips. I licked them, tasting something... salty.

Oh, yes! I moaned, not caring as I kept erupting into the angel's pussy.

I shuddered there, my body bucking. The angel's cunt rippled about my girl-dick. She suckled at me in such an exciting way. I felt so good right now. Just so amazing. This was such a passionate moment. I quivered with such rapture.

It was outstanding. Just amazing.

Her pussy rippled around me, milking out all the futa-cum in my ovaries. I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. I savored that pleasure. It was an incredible delight. My body burned with all this delight. I felt so good right now.

Amazing.

Oh, yes, yes, you are just what we need, purred the angel as my orgasm became a humming delight that tingled through me. You have to be one of the futa-mothers of a new human race.

I will be fruitful and multiply, I told her.

The angel smiled and leaned over. She kissed me, that salty flavor of cum filling my mouth again. I quivered there and woke up. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chantelle Hart

Um, why is my mom glowing silver? I asked. She moaned, lying on her back, her futa-dick twitching and throbbing.

No know, said Jane who had always been awakened by my mother's moans. She dream. Angels?

Oh, you think they came to her in her dreams? I asked. So, what? She's having a sex dream with the angel right now, huh? They're going at it?

Yes! Jane said. Me think.

Angel? asked Rosa, the Hispanic futa sitting up. Angel dream best. Me love!

Lucky her, I said and straddled my mother's waist, my futa-dick twitching before me. I grabbed her girl-dick and held it up. Mmm, I bet she won't mind if I do this.

I impaled my shaved pussy down Mom's hot girl-dick. I felt this awesome tingle racing through my pussy. I gasped at that. It was more than just her dick. It was that silver energy around her. I bottomed out on her, my girl-dick slapping into her belly.

Oh, Mommy! I groaned. Oh, Mommy, that's so good.

I grabbed Mom's big boobs and squeezed them. I kneaded those wonderful tits. My cunt gripped her futa-dick. I slid up her. I loved her girth. I savored her thickness. It was a wonderful thrill to enjoy this big dick in me.

I slammed down her glowing futa-dick, reveling in that tingle. Her clit-cock stretched out my juicy snatch while my girl-rod slapped down on her glowing belly. Precum splattered her big boobs. I kneaded them as I slid back up her shaft.

Ooh, the glow makes her dick all tingly, I groaned, glancing at Jane and Rosa. This is hot!
I slammed down my mom's cock as Jane moved towards me with a big grin on her face. She thrust her dick at my mouth. I groaned and swallowed the futa's thick rod. I loved sucking on a dick. That was the last thing I had done before coming here.

I sucked on the ship captain's cock.

I loved Jane's clit-dick. I suckled on her with passion as I worked my snatch up and down Mom's futa-rod. My pussy clung to her as my shaft slapped into her belly on every downstroke. That felt so wicked. I shuddered, my cunt on fire right now.

Then something really naughty happened. Something that I loved. The naughty Rosa pressed her girl-dick into my butt-crack. I slid up my mother's shaft, squeezing my cunt down around her, as Rosa drilled against my asshole.

She thrust, gasping, Ass good!

I moaned around Jane's futa-dick in complete agreement.

My asshole widened as Rosa's futa-dick pushed against me. I loved what she did to me. I quivered there, stretching and stretching towards that bursting point. A hot quiver shot through me as my asshole widened and swallowed her girl-cock.

My clit-rod throbbed as I had two wonderful futa-shafts in me. My pussy and bowels both drank in the friction as Rosa pushed deeper into my anal sheath. My twat worked up and down my Mom's thick shaft. I loved that tingling dick in me.

I groaned, sucking hard on Jane's big dick. I worked my cunt up and down Mom's snatch. She throbbed in me, feeling so good. I loved riding her as she slept. As she dreamed of that angel pussy. I quivered there, finding this so hot.

I was just such a naughty daughter.

I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down Jane's girl-cock, drool running down my chin. Rosa's round boobs rubbed into my back as she hammered me from behind. She drilled her futa-dick into my asshole as I loved this so much.

My futa-dick slapped down on Mom's stomach. Precum splattered her tits. I shuddered as I loved this so much. It was an incredible delight to have plunge my cunt down her dick. I savored every last second of it. I loved every last moment of pleasuring three futas with my body.

It was a goth-slut's dream to have so many big dicks to play with. And big boobs. Wet pussies. 

Futas were the best.

My cunt squeezed about Mom's girl-dick as I slid up her. Silky heat melted through my nethers, meeting the velvety delight coming from my asshole as Rosa hammered me. She fucked me hard, her hands rubbing at my little titties. Drool ran down my chin as I worshiped Jane's clit-cock with sloppy passion.

The jungle-futa groaned, her big boobs heaving above me. I loved how sexy she looked as she quivered here. This was so hot. I nursed hard on Jane's clit-cock, my mouth working up and down her shaft. Her salty precum spilled over my tongue.

That was the best reward imaginable.

I nursed hard, sucking on her girl-cock. She throbbed in my mouth. I shuddered there, the pressure growing in my ovaries. This was so hot to suckle on Jane's cock, get fucked in the ass by Rosa, and ride Mom's futa-dick. Just such a rush.

Me love! Rosa moaned as she hammered my asshole. 

Yes, yes, yes! groaned Jane. Chantelle good! Futa-cock good! Mouth good! Me love!

Ass good! Rosa panted, her boobs rubbing into my back.

My asshole melted around her thrusting clit-dick. My futa-cock, slapping into Mom's belly, ached at the tip. The pressure grew and grew. I rose toward my orgasm. I loved how amazing it felt. I savored that delight. It was a rush.

I reveled in that wonderful dick stretching out my cunt. I worked up and down her. It was so hot to ride her with Rosa fucking my asshole. I trembled towards that big burst of pleasure. I would shower Mom's tits and face in cum.

Me good! whimpered Rosa, her futa-dick hammering my bowels. Futa-dick ache. Me cum! Chantelle cum!

Yes, yes! Jane groaned as I suckled hard on her. Mouth good. Chantelle good! She grinned down at me as I suckled hard on her.

I slid my lips up and down her futa-dick while my cunt rode Mom's thick shaft. My ovaries brimmed with delight. Jane's cock throbbed in my mouth. She groaned out her passion. It was so hot to hear. I loved it so much.

Me cum! Jane squealed.

Her hot and salty futa-cum flooded my mouth. I groaned, gulping down that delight. It was an incredible rush to suckle down her jizz. She pumped more and more of it into my mouth. I loved every spurt of her salty spunk.

I slammed down my Mom's girl-dick and exploded.

My futa-cum erupted from my futa-cock and splashed over her tits and mouth. My pussy writhed around her clit-rod while Rosa's girl-dick pumped away at my convulsing bowels. Two different pleasures rushed through me.

I shuddered, enjoying every moment of this. Every last iota of bliss that surged through me. My body bucked, my face twisting in delight. This was incredible. Amazing. Rosa buried into my asshole that spasmed around her.

Me love! squealed the Hispanic futa.

Her cum fired into my bowels.

Then Mom's girl-cock erupted into my cunt.

My sleeping mother pumped my pussy full of her girl-spunk while Rosa unloaded in my asshole. I gulped down Jane's salty futa-seed. It poured down my throat as I quivered here, my holes milking both futa-dicks.

I trembled through all this bliss, my cock erupting over and over. Jane groaned as she fired the last cum into my mouth. I ripped my mouth from her girl-cock and stared down at my mom's face splattered in jizz.

She licked up the cum as she fired her own jizz in me, still sleeping.

I shuddered, my cunt milking her dick dry while my asshole writhed around Rosa's thick shaft. She pumped more and more of my spunk into my asshole. It was just so wonderful to feel all that cum pumping into me. 

Just amazing.

I felt so good right now. I floated with passion. It was an incredible treat. I spurted a final time as I milked both Mom and Rosa dry. I panted, my body quivering from the delight. It was such a rush to feel the last of Mom's cum spurting into my pussy.

Ooh, that was so hot, I moaned. Just so wonderful.

Me love, Rosa groaned, leaning against me as her futa-dick twitched in my asshole. I felt so good right now. Just amazing. I could float away. That was how amazing I felt in this moment. 

Yeah, me, too, I purred.

The silver glow around Mom vanished. Her eyes flicked open, a broad smile spilling across her lips. Mmm, the angels came to me.

More than the angels came, I purred, winking at her.

Her girl-dick twitched in my pussy. She looked down to her big boobs dripping in cum. She swiped up a line of my pearly jizz. I see that.

She popped the cum into her mouth and groaned. I loved how much of a whore she had turned into. Give an uptight bitch a futa-dick, and she became the biggest whore ever. I grinned down at her as she scooped up more of my jizz and brought it to her lips.

So, what did the angels say? I asked, my cunt squeezing down on her girl-cock.

Mmm, that we have to be fruitful and multiply, purred Mom. Just like I believed. We've been raptured to this island and need to fill the world with the new form of humanity: futanari. Isn't that wonderful? We're being rewarded for our faith.

Me, rewarded? I asked with a big grin on my lips.

She rolled her eyes. Maybe not you, but the rest of us are. She grabbed my futa-dick. Mmm, and you just had to ride mommy's cock while she was sleeping.

Yes, I did, Mommy, I cooed. Did you feel it in the dream?

Too busy enjoying hot angel cunt to feel it, she said non-nonchalantly. They're perfect, these angels. Just amazing.

Making me so jelly! I groaned as Rosa pulled her futa-dick out of my asshole. I should make you suck Rosa's dick clean of my asshole for enjoying that treat over me.

Mom's eyes lit up. Sure!

I rolled my eyes. Of course you do, you're a dirty, dirty, filthy futa-whore.

This is the new Eden. There is no sin here. So long as we don't eat from the forbidden fruit, we are blameless. We are the pure lamb not yet soiled by the world.

Pure? I arched an eyebrow at Mom. You're dripping with your daughter's futa-cum. Hardly pure, Mommy.

It's all relative, she purred and caught my wrists. She pulled me down.

I leaned down to kiss her, Rosa's cum leaking out of my asshole. I pressed my little titties into Mom's cum-splattered tits. I loved the feeling of that hot spunk rubbing between us. My tongue thrust into her mouth. I kissed her with passion, loving the way she tasted.

How she felt.

She squirmed beneath me as my pussy savored being full of her futa-dicks. I groaned as I kissed Mom. My futa-dick throbbed. These angels sounded so hot and naughty. A world of futas. We had to breed each other.

Did that mean that my mom had knocked me up? That would be hot. I quivered here, my heart pounding in my chest as I made out with my mother. My tongue danced with hers as my girl-cock twitched between us. It was an incredible rush being here.

I broke the kiss with Mom. So, if you have to breed me, does that mean I have to breed you?

It does, she said, this kinky grin on her face. Incest is something that doesn't matter here. The angels brought us all together to make a new population. They want us all to breed each other. We'll have each other's babies. Fill this world with our daughters.

Or this island, I cooed, savoring that cum leaking out of my asshole.

I heard some naughty sucking sounds. Jane nursed on Rosa's dirty girl-cock. I loved the sound as I rose off my mother's big futa-rod, savoring that shaft caressing my pussy as I rose higher and higher up her shaft.

Mmm, I'm going to breed you, Mommy, I purred. Just going to ram my cock into your pussy. How does that sound?

That sounds wonderful! Mom purred. Ooh, you are going to make me feel so good. Just pound me so hard.

Yep, I told her as her futa-dick slid out of my pussy. Her cum followed, running hot down my thighs. More trickled out of my asshole. I loved that naughty feeling. 

I moved back and let Mom roll over. Her big boobs swayed. Her blonde bush dripped with her excitement. She fucked an angel in her dream. That was so hot. I was so ready for this moment. I just had to pound her.

I pressed my futa-dick into her bush and slid through to find her juicy pussy lips. The incestuous rush swept through me. I was so ready to fuck my cock into her cunt and make her explode. She would have such an exciting orgasm on my dick.v
It would be fantastic. 

I pushed against her cuntlips. I loved how hot she felt. It was an incredible delight to feel her hot folds about to swallow my cock. I pushed into her cunt. She groaned as I did that. She shuddered as her hot labia swallowed my thick girl-dick.v
Oh, yes, yes, Chantelle, Mom moaned as my futa-dick sank into her fertile pussy.

Jane! Jane! Rosa moaned as Jane suckled on that dirty futa-cock.

I loved the way the jungle-futa suckled on Rosa's big clit-dick. Jane buffed my ass off Rosa's shaft. I loved it as I bottomed out in Mom's pussy. I sank to the hilt in her. She had such a juicy snatch. I was so thrilled to feel her hot twat wrapped around my cock.

I thrust into her pussy. I loved how tight she was. How wonderful her cunt was! She had such a hot and tight cunt around my dick. I loved how she gripped me. She held me with that juicy snatch. I loved every inch of her cunt around my futa-cock.

Oh, Chantelle, Mom groaned. 

I know, I moaned, grabbing her big boobs. Mmm, you have such delicious tits.

Yours are so cute, she purred, looking over her shoulder at me. I love you, Chantelle.

Love you, too, Mommy! 

I drew back my cock. Her cunt clung to my dick. She massaged me with that hot snatch. I loved how her pussy gripped me. I thrust back into her twat. I loved how her sheath massaged me. The heat melted down my clit-rod and soaked through my pussy.

My ovaries drank in the heat, full of my futa-seed. I grinned as I pumped away at my mother's pussy. I fucked her cunt hard, reveling in this taboo delight. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Mom.

Fuck, Mommy! I groaned. So tight! Ooh, I love your pussy!

Me, too! groaned Rosa. Love pussy. Love mouth. Jane! Jane! You good! Me love!

I loved Rosa gripping the side of Jane's head. The Hispanic futa's round tits bounced as she mouth fucked my sexy futa. It was so wonderful to witness as my dick throbbed in my mom's hot snatch. I rammed into her twat. 

I churned up her pussy. I loved how she gripped me. She held my cunt. I savored that hot twat. I groaned, burying into her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. My round titties jiggled with my pleasure. This was an incredible moment.

I reveled in it. I loved her hot pussy gripping me. She held me tight with her snatch. She massaged me with her hot cunt. I groaned, my face twisting with the pleasure of pounding her cunt. My ovaries brimmed with all my futa-jizz.

I'm going to flood you, Mom! I gasped, drilling into her snatch. Just flood you!

Flood me! she gasped, her hot cunt massaging my futa-dick.

The pressure at the tip of my girl-dick swelled towards that bursting point. That wonderful moment when I would flood her fertile pussy with my hot cum. I would breed my mother. It would be an incredible rush. 

I savored every thrust into her cunt. I fucked her with such passion. She held me tight. She massaged me with that hot snatch. My ovaries quivered with the pressure. My little titties quivered with my every thrust.

Me cum! Rosa moaned. Jane! Jane! Me cum!

That's right, you cum! I groaned as I fucked my girl-dick hard into my mother's pussy. Cum in her mouth.

I loved this so much. I fucked deep and hard into my mother's juicy pussy. She held me tight with her wonderful flesh. She massaged me with that hot twat. I groaned, burying to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked her with everything that I had.

I thrust over and over into her twat. I loved how her cunt gripped me. She held me tight, my pussy dripping juices and cum down my thighs. My butt-cheeks clenched, cum dribbling out of my asshole and filling my crack.

Oh, my fucking god! I moaned as I buried into her hot pussy. You're driving me wild, Mommy!

Good! She wiggled her hips. Cum in me, Chantelle! Cum in my pussy and breed me!

I buried into her and she threw back her head. Her cunt went wild around my cock.

Breed me! she howled as she came.

I buried into her climaxing pussy. Her cunt rippled around my futa-dick. My ovaries burst with the pleasure surging down my shaft. My twat convulsed as I flooded her snatch with my girl-cum. I erupted over and over again.

I threw back my head, moaning out my pleasure as I flooded my mother's cunt. I pumped her with everything that I had. I erupted into her cunt over and over again. I loved the pleasure surging through me. It was an incredible rush.

I groaned, spurting over and over into her twat. I flooded her with all that my spunk. I pumped her full of my cum. I flooded her with all that passion. It was an incredible rush to pump her full of all that cum. I flooded her with my jizz. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped as she milked me.

Jane! Rosa gasped, the Hispanic futa trembling as she unloaded her girl-cum into Jane's mouth. Jane! Me love!

Me, too! I groaned as Jane gulped down all that cum. Oh, fuck, yes, Mommy!

My mother wrung out the last of my cum into her pussy. I shuddered there, a big smile on my lips. I felt so good right now. I quivered, swaying from how good that felt. It was just an incredible pleasure to breed my mother. I felt so amazing.

Oh, that was so good, I groaned. I

HELP! a faint voice cried out in the jungle. HELP!

I ripped my girl-dick out of Mom's pussy and stood. Her cream dripped from the end of my futa-dick. Shock rippled through me at those cries. I couldn't believe I was hearing someone crying out for help. They were distant.

HELP!

Jane! I gasped and darted for a vine. Mom! Let's go!

Yes! Mom cried as I jumped and grabbed a vine. I thrust my legs forward and swung through the night. My heart pounded in my chest. What could have gone wrong in paradise?

I swung through the jungle towards the cry, leaping from vine to vine. Silver moonlight spilled through the branches above, splashing across my naked body. My legs thrust as the vines creaked. The cries grew louder and louder.

They were powerful cries, coming from farther away than I thought.

Behind me, Mom, Jane, and Rosa swung with us. We were all hurrying out to find the source of this distress. This was supposed to be Paradise. We were brought here by the angels. What could have gone wrong?

My legs pumped through the air, the wind whipping past me. My dyed-black hair whipped behind me like a magnificent tail. My heart pounded in my chest as I jumped again. I grabbed another branch and swung.

HELP!

Coming! I shouted back. We had to be close. 

I jumped again, grabbing a dangling vine and swung. I burst out of the trees and saw the ocean. The lagoon with a silvery glow in the middle. I remembered that glow. In that moment, hanging in the air like I had just jumped off the swing as a kid, I was entranced. Exhilaration surged through me. I flow as I stared at that brilliant light.

What was it?

I hurtled for the sand. I bent my legs and landed with a puff. The ocean waves, the froth glowing with a faith blue, washed into the beach just a few feet away. I whirled around and spotted a dark figure rushing towards me. Her feet kicked up sand. 

Her ebony skin made her little more than a shadow, but I could tell she was a futa, her girl-dick bobbing before her. She grabbed my arms. Her fingers dug into my flesh with her crushing grip. Her eyes were wild, the whites glowing in the moonlight.

HELP! HELP! she screamed. Elise! Elise! Swallowed Elise! Swallowed! My Elise! Help!

Elise? I gasped. My sister? She's here on the island?

What about Elise? Mom gasped as she landed with her big boobs bouncing. Jane and Rosa followed after her, all hitting the ground in moments. Is something wrong with my Elise?

The Black futa turned and pointed to the silver glow coming from the lagoon. Took! Light took! Elise! Elise! Me Elise! Me love! Elise gone!

What? Mom gasped, swaying. Elise was the good daughter. My sister never got into trouble. Not like me. What do you mean she's gone? What happened to her? Tell me!

Light! Kendra swayed there. Tears spilled down her cheeks. Light swallowed. Took me Elise! Took Elise! 

I stared at the light. What the fuck? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Elise Hart

Silver light bathed me.

I couldn't see. It was so bright. Hands gripped me. Chimes rang in my ears. They tinkled around me. I wanted to clamp my hands over them, but my body wouldn't move. I was rigid. A plank. The hands carried me through the light.

Fear swept through me. I wanted to scream.

But I couldn't.

I could breathe. My heart beat. I could think. I felt my body, but nothing responded. Not a single twitch of my fingers or toes. The chimes rang in melodic cascades. Rising. Falling. Rising. The silver light surrounded me, warm, almost loving, but...

Those hands. They gripped me, fingernails biting into flesh. My heart beat with terror. This was so frightening. What was going to happen to me? I wanted to whimper. Kendra. Where was my Kendra? She was supposed to be right behind me.

I wanted to beg these hands to give me answers. To let me go back to my Kendra. I couldn't even mumble. There was nothing I could do. It was so frustrating. I burned with anger that swirled with my fear. What was happening to me?

They sat me down on a cold table. I shivered for a moment. The chimes continued as the light faded. I blinked and saw there were three women around me. They had silver horns growing through their black hair and silver wings that were shaped like bats.

Demons.

They were talking, shaking their heads. Their wings fluttered. They didn't look happy to be here. I whimpered. I just wanted to become a futanari. I didn't want to intrude. Who were these demons that had grabbed me?

Was I in hell?

They were all naked and pointing at me. There was something so alienly beautiful about them. Even quivering in fear, they were perfection, skin so pale but their race impossible to tell. A blending of them all. Tails swished behind them, glowing silver like their horns and wings. Tipped with spades.

I wanted to beg them not to hurt me. This was terrible. Why had they grabbed me? 

One slid her fingers through my bush. She reached my pussy folds and rubbed at my clit. She said something to the others. They shook their heads then turned and walked away from me. They left me lying paralyzed on the table.

Tears spilled down my cheeks. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Agatha Hart

I dove into the water.

Wait, Mom! cried Chantelle as I swam for it.

I'm not letting anything happen to my daughter! I cried, fear beating in my heart. I kicked out into the warmth of the lagoon. The silver light glowed ahead. It was the same light that had made us into futas. The same light as the angels'.

Why would it grab her? Was she not worthy?

The angels had visited me. I must be worthy.

But we don't know what's going on, Mom! Chantelle cried.

Water splashed beside me. I glanced to see the Black futa swimming with me. She cared about my Elise. I nodded to her as we kicked out farther and farther. Then we reached the spot glowing above where my daughter had ventured.

I glanced at her then kicked down for it. I swam for the light, ready for anything. The water engulfed me as I kicked lower and lower. The Black futa was right beside me, swimming for it. The light grew brighter and brighter.

We reached the light, my lungs burning. My ears felt the pressure of diving thirty or forty feet down. I pushed into the light. It was a wide hole. The light engulfed me. I hit something metallic. The source of the glow.

I pushed on it. Hammered on it.

Kendra was beside me doing the same. Bubbles burst from her lips as she beat on the surface. I didn't understand how this could happen. I swept my hand over the metal surface. There had to be something. I touched...

A divot.

I dub my fingers into it. I pried up and suddenly there was a whoosh. I was pulled down into the light. It engulfed me. I crashed onto a metallic floor, water spilling around me. Melodic chimes cascaded around me as I blinked against the brilliance.

It shone all around us. Kendra lay beside me, water spilling over the floor. It poured in from above. A few fish flopped in the water as the flow cut off. I quivered, my heart beating so fast. I pushed myself up and looked around.

We were at the end of a tunnel.

The water spread over the floor. The Black woman stood, her eyes wide with shock. She grabbed my arm. I held her hand and pointed. The tunnel led back to the island. My daughter must be in that direction. 

Let's go! I cried at the Black futa. 

Yes! she cried. Kendra go!

We marched down the tunnel, my heart racing.

To be continued...
