Bela doesn’t return to the suite until four in the morning. Sam knows because he’s still awake, locked in his room and staring at the painting of the flower-fringed lake on his wall. His chest hurts too much for him to fall asleep, and his mind won’t stop tormenting him. He keeps wondering what Dean’s doing now: what’s being done to him.

Sam expects Bela to go straight to her own room on the other side of the suite when she gets in, but instead there’s a soft knock at his door. “Sam?” she calls, voice surprisingly gentle. He doesn’t answer, and after a few moments she says, “It’s over,” and then moves away again.

Sam’s chest gives a particularly sharp pulse and he curls in on himself. He thinks for a moment that he might start crying again, but he seems to be too exhausted for that. It’s over, he tells himself, and, He never has to go through that again. Eventually, the ache in his chest eases and leaves him to take comfort in his unwavering determination.

By all rights, he should be exhausted, but instead he feels more alert than ever. Feels almost wired. If it was even a couple of hours later, he’d give Bobby a call—set up a place to meet and get it over with—but Bobby’s plane probably hasn’t even left the ground yet.

In the end, muscles thrumming with excess energy, Sam gets out of bed and pushes all the furniture against the walls. Most of their training when they were growing up was done outside where there was plenty of room to move, but John made sure that almost all of his PT drills could be adapted to a smaller area. Storms—rain, or snow, or a wretched mixture of both—might prevent them from using the yard of the crap apartment they were renting or the parking lot of the motel, but it wasn’t allowed to interfere with training. Sam’s never been thankful for that before, but it gives him something to do now.

As he slips from a roundhouse kick into a series of punches (right hook, left hook, right again, uppercut), he remembers sparring with Dean in a series of motel rooms: one of the beds shoved up against the wall with the other flipped upside down and piled on top of it: bureau and chair and desk shoved either on top of the beds or wedged into the bathroom. In the memory his mind finally settles on while he retrieves his knife from his bag and moves on to a second set of drills, Dean is twenty-one—no, twenty, because Sam was only sixteen then, and it was high summer.

He thinks it was only a few weeks after Dean’s Not Funny leech joke because he was more distracted than usual. Irritable for reasons he wouldn’t admit to himself then, but which, in retrospect, feel very much like a freak-out. It isn’t every day that you go skinny-dipping with your brother and come out of the experience with a hard on and a fascination with ginkgo leaves.

It was that constellation that set him off, Sam remembers as he moves the knife in effortless patterns, letting muscle-memory take over as his mind drifts. Dean was shirtless—on a day that wasn’t as sweltering as the one that prompted the swimming expedition but was still hot enough to make this kind of exertion near-ludicrous, they both were—and as the session went on and all of that pale skin was more and more slicked with sweat, Sam had a harder time concentrating on anything but the bunch and flex of his brother’s muscles.

Dean’s sudden dive forward took him by surprise, and the belated and off-target punch Sam sent at him went harmlessly over his brother’s head as Dean brought them both crashing to the floor. Forcing his own head back into the game, Sam hooked his leg around his brother and flipped them. It would have worked if Dean hadn’t been ready for him and added his own momentum to the throw.

They rolled over all right, and then kept rolling until Sam fetched up against the leg of the bed with a grunt. Dean scrambled over him, pinning Sam to the skuzzy rug with his body and pressing his forearm against Sam’s neck.

Then, leaning back with his hair dripping sweat and his face flushed, Dean gave him a grin and said, ‘That all you got, Sammy?’

As he stared up at his brother’s beautiful, laughing face, Sam was overcome with a rush of anger (because I wanted to kiss him, Sam thinks as he spins, flipping the knife in his hand and adjusting for an outward slash of the blade). He bucked his hips up to flip them the other way, and this time when they rolled, Dean landed solidly on his back. Sam was a little slow in following—hadn’t expected his brother to go over that easily—and when he tried to clamber into a hold position Dean reached up with an arm and a leg and yanked Sam’s body close to his.

Sam struggled and Dean’s other leg came up, both of them hooking at Sam’s lower back and pressing him down. Dean’s arm slung around his neck, constricting, and Sam found his cheek sliding against his brother’s chest.

It was a little gross, all that sweat: Sam’s hair squeezed against the back of his neck in wet clumps that felt cold in comparison to the heat of Dean’s body, Sam’s cheek rubbing slick against his brother’s skin. But Dean’s musk was all around him, Dean’s sweat rubbing over his lips a little and getting on Sam’s tongue as he panted for breath. Dean tasted salty, of course, but underneath that there was something sweeter: something that made Sam think of almonds.

That ginkgo splatter of freckles was right in front of his eyes: all he needed to do was twist his head sideways (he could manage at least that in Dean’s grip) and he’d be able to press his mouth against it. As he stared at that mesmerizing spot, Sam realized with something like horror that he was hard. He was hard and his crotch was pressed against his brother’s firmly enough that he had only a few seconds before Dean noticed.

It’s adrenaline, he thought desperately, I’m sixteen and horny for anything that moves and it’s not my fault. 

Sam in the now knows that this was only partly true: his erection wasn’t caused by a random rush of adolescent hormones, and it was his fault—or was a fault that lay within him, anyway. But part of the responsibility lay with Dean as well: Dean pulling him close, Dean underneath Sam and drawing him down between his legs in a position that would have given anything with a pulse ideas. Dean, completely oblivious to the effect he was having for all of ten, mortifying seconds.

Sam felt his brother recognize the hard line pressing against him. Felt Dean still, felt his breath stutter, heard his heartbeat quicken where his ear was pressed to Dean’s chest.

Oh God.

‘Let go,’ Sam blurted, shoving at his brother’s sweaty skin, and Dean obeyed. Freed, Sam hurled himself up and away and was at the bathroom doorway before he realized that he couldn’t escape that way: the tiny room was filled to the brim with an armchair and a small desk. He spun around, meaning to run out of the room, away from the (wrongbadsick) weight of his brother’s eyes, and Dean was there.

Sam let out a choked noise and tried to backpedal—he’d climb over the furniture and out the bedroom window to get away if he had to—and Dean caught his arm. Sam’s pulse jumped at the touch in something that wasn’t precisely fear.

‘Hey, calm down, man. It’s okay.’

‘Let me go!’ Sam shouted, trying to pull away. ‘It doesn’t—it’s just something that happens, it doesn’t mean—‘

Except it did. Much as he refused to believe it then, it did mean.

Dean tightened his grip on Sam’s arm. ‘Woah,’ he said. ‘I know that, Sammy. It’s cool, okay? You’re right. It happens.’

Sam quieted—or at least stopped trying to pull away—and Dean grinned.

‘Bout five years ago, I was doing some hand to hand work with Pastor Jim,’ he said, and then shook his head, letting out a laugh. ‘Man, I don’t know which of us was more embarrassed.’

Sam’s heart was still trembling in his chest, and although he would have bet on himself for most embarrassed—the Problem was only getting worse as he stood there looking at his brother’s smiling face, Dean’s competent fingers curled around his bicep—he managed a shaky laugh and said, ‘Dude, Pastor Jim?’

Dean shrugged, finally letting him go. ‘Told you: doesn’t mean anything. Except that we really need to get you laid.’ His grin turned into a smirk and he added, ‘At least you picked someone blindingly hot to pop a woody on. Shows you’ve got taste.’

‘Jerk,’ Sam muttered.

‘Bitch,’ Dean answered absently. He rubbed a hand through his hair. ‘Ugh, man, I’m soaked. Come on, let’s get that crap out of the bathroom so I can take a shower.’

That was the end of that conversation, and Dean seemed to forget the incident ever happened.

Except he hadn’t forgotten, Sam realizes. The knife is a distant weight in a hand that seems to belong to someone else. All of Sam’s attention is focused on turning over his memories of the weeks and months after that incident.

At the time, he was too busy educating himself in the great Winchester traditions of Bury and Repress to notice much of anything, but he can see it clearly from his current vantage point. Sees the way that all of Dean’s casual nudity stopped: the way Dean became reluctant to close for a grapple when they sparred. Dad gave Dean shit for that a hundred times if he did it once, but Dean kept on claiming that he couldn’t manage to get past Sam’s freaky reach.

And Dean started bringing girls home.

He’d been making the rounds before, of course, but he was always careful to take his conquests somewhere else: park or car or the girl’s place. After that sparring session, though, Sam was as likely to come home to Dean making out on the couch or kissing a girl against the wall outside their motel room as he was to come back and find his brother elbow-deep in oil and grease.

He knew, Sam thinks and his mouth drops open a little. Dean looked at him—looked into him—and saw what Sam wouldn’t let himself see. Even if Dean hadn’t known for sure, he’d at least suspected, and strongly enough that he took countless verbal beatings from John in order to avoid another awkward situation.

After a few minutes, Sam gets a grip on himself and downgrades his panic into faint dismay. He feels disappointed as well—not by the fact that this realization has killed the sliver of irrational hope he was nursing that Dean might feel the same way, but by the lack of trust implied by his brother’s behavior. Dean was acting like he was worried Sam was going to try something: would take advantage of their closeness to grope him or get his rocks off somehow, and God, how could Dean ever think Sam would use him like that?

Sam slowly heads over and sits down on the bed. He sets the knife down beside him and blinks at nothing in particular as he sends his mind forward a few years. The disappointment doesn’t fade as he sorts through his memories of the days after Stanford, but the nervous tension in his stomach eases. Dean knows (maybe) about Sam’s sickness, but he also thinks that Sam is over it.

Maybe it was Jessica, maybe it was all those years apart, maybe Dean was too busy with the wolf to worry about Sam’s intentions anymore. Whatever the reason, after Stanford all of Dean’s caution was gone. He strolled around half-dressed and slept without a shirt on. He got in Sam’s face when they were sparring, using his speed to get past Sam’s reach and then pressing their bodies together in furious grapples. He didn’t try to hide his hook ups, but he didn’t parade them in front of Sam either.

So what does that mean? Sam asks himself, What am I supposed to do with this?

The answer, not surprisingly, is nothing. For now, they have enough to deal with. He and Dean are going to have to talk—now that he’s come to terms with the fact that he wants his brother, Sam’s not going to be able to hide it and he doesn’t want to wait for Dean to figure it out on his own again—but they won’t do it now. Sam isn’t springing something like this on his brother until Dean’s ready to handle it: until the damage that Vincent did is healed. Until then, Sam is just going to have to shove that deviant, hungry part of himself to one side.

Shouldn’t be difficult. After all, he’s been doing it most of his life.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sam would have opted for a public meeting with Bobby—the better to temper his own volatile reactions to the man—but Bela nixed that idea. ‘They know what he looks like, Sam,’ she pointed out when he made the suggestion. ‘It’ll look a tad suspicious if you go for a drink with the one man they’re expecting to come looking for Dean.’

‘One man?’ Sam echoed.

Bela rolled her eyes with exaggerated annoyance. ‘You thought he was dead, remember?’ she pointed out.

‘At first, yeah, but—Vincent must have been watching Bobby. If he was worried he’d come looking, he would have put some kind of surveillance on him. He would have seen me show up and—’

‘But he wasn’t worried,’ Bela interrupted. ‘Sam, Vincent knew no one would be able to find Dean on their own. If you hadn’t come to me, you’d still be wandering around New York like a lost lamb, wouldn’t you?’

As much as that reminder of his dependence on her stung, Sam had to admit she was right.

Which is why he’s pacing the foyer of the Presidential Suite, waiting for Bobby to show up on their doorstep with a tray and a waiter’s uniform. As he comes around the edge of the fountain for what must be the fiftieth time, he glances at Bela and pauses. She’s sitting at the dining room table and thumbing through a dog-eared copy of Haraldskvæði: the earliest known reference to berserkers in modern literature. Only Tyr’s Bible outdates it, and Bela’s read that as well.

“What else should I know?” he asks abruptly.

Distracted, she glances up at him. “Hmm?”

“What else did you read in Tyr’s Bible?” Sam clarifies, taking a few steps closer so they aren’t shouting across the room. “About berserkers?”

“It’s a long book, Sam,” Bela says dismissively and goes back to reading.

Sam’s not ready to let this go, though. Between the upcoming meeting with Bobby and his realization about Dean this morning, he feels like he’s going to come out of his skin and he needs to do something proactive to distract himself. Here he is, shut in with a woman who may be the only person alive who knows more about berserkers than him and Bobby. He’d have to be an idiot to ignore this opportunity.

“Was there something about demons?” he prods, and Bela jerks so hard that she tears out a page from the book in front of her. The look she shoots him is venomous, and Sam isn’t sure whether she’s angry about her book or pissed she gave herself away. “What did it say?”

Bela stares at him for a long moment and then says, “Nothing pertinent.”

“Humor me.” It comes out as a threat, which is good because that’s what it is supposed to be.

One of Bela’s hands flutters up to her throat and then down again. With her lips compressed like she just swallowed something bitter, she shuts her book and says, “Define ‘spirit’.”

“A ghost,” Sam answers, and then frowns as he remembers that the wolf inside of Dean is, technically, also a spirit. “Wait.” After a moment to gather his thoughts, he says, “A spirit in an incorporeal entity.”

Bela’s lips twitch up at the corner. “Good boy. Going by that definition, Tyr’s Bible names four types. Spirits of the dead—ghosts—spirits of the beast—like Dean’s wolf—spirits of the light—what monotheists around the world would like to call ‘angels’—and spirits of the dark.”

“Demons,” Sam says, and Bela nods.

“Demons. Ghosts, as I’m sure you’re aware, are mostly mindless. Plenty of emotion, but no intellect behind it. And they tend to be a tad obsessive.”

She’s right. Ghosts are a step up from death echoes—they have at least a rudimentary capacity for thought—but it isn’t a very large step. Sam has seen hundreds of them, and they’ve been violent or kind or just plain pathetic, but always focused exclusively on one thing: ‘I need revenge on my husband’, or ‘I need to see my wife again’. Or Sam’s particular favorite: ‘I need to continue my psychotic experiments on the mentally insane’.

They aren’t people anymore, they’re just loops of emotion that can’t think beyond their own urges. Once in a while you’ll get an exception to the rule, of course, but it’s always with newer ghosts. It takes time, occasionally, for that last, lingering trace of cognizance to fade away. But it always happens because, in the end, that’s just the way that ghosts are.

“The three remaining types don’t get along well. I think you’re familiar with the war between Light and Dark, so I won’t bother with the details on how that ball got rolling. Suffice it to say that, soon after the war began, it became obvious to both sides that they were in what amounted to a stalemate. And there was only one race that seemed to have the necessary power and intellect to break it.”

Bela inclines her head at the flash of understanding in Sam’s eyes.

“Yes, the spirits of the beast. Humans were far too weak to be of any importance and ghosts … well, you could bring a pack of rabid dogs into battle, but there’d be no telling which army they’d turn on, would there? So they sent delegates to the beast spirits and asked for an alliance.”

“And they sided with the angels?” Sam guesses, thinking of his dream: of the pure hate choking the demon’s voice.

“They said no to both sides, Sam,” Bela corrects him wryly. “They’re not made for war. Beast spirits are intelligent, but they’re also creatures of instinct: they don’t understand right or wrong, light or dark. All they know is the thrill of the kill and the heat of a good mating.”

“The Light—the angels—accepted that decision. The demons didn’t. They took their retribution in a slaughter that would have washed the earth in blood if there’d been any actual blood to shed. They killed the beasts by the millions, and in the end they succeeded in teaching them what war was.”

“When the beasts turned to the angels for help, however, they received no reply—the text is a little fuzzy as to the reason, but I’d guess it’s because the high and mighty were pissed off that they’d been turned down before and decided to be petty.”

Sam’s not sure he cares for her interpretation of events—the angels that Sam has spent his life believing in are anything but petty—but he isn’t going to engage Bela, of all people, in a theological discussion. “They came to us,” he says.

“They did,” Bela agrees, leaning back in her chair and crossing her legs. “The first beast spirit—a wolf, in fact—came to a man named Tyr and bonded with him. And neither of them, I think, were truly ready for the result.”

“Which was what?”

“Something very like your brother.”

“He’s different from the other berserkers I’ve seen,” Sam says, trying to work it through in his head for what feels like the thousandth time since Dean told him by the side of the road. “He’s stronger, and faster, and the wolf healed him once, which I’ve never even heard of. Not to mention what he did the other night: berserkers aren’t supposed to have enhanced senses like that.”

Thank God. If they did, it would have been impossible to put them down once the soul bleed dragged them into madness.

“You’re right,” Bela agrees. “There hasn’t been someone like him for almost two thousand years. That’s what makes him so valuable.”

There’s a wistful longing in her voice that makes Sam both uneasy and protective. Bela doesn’t get Dean. Hell, if Sam can manage it, she won’t ever get close enough to touch him.

He looks away from Bela—at the soft fall of water in the fountain beside him—in an attempt to gather his thoughts. There’s something here: some connection between his dream and what Bela just told him and Dean that he can’t quite put his finger on. This feels important, damn it.

Speaking slowly as he feels his way around the edge of that maddening sensation, he says, “Bobby told me once that berserkers are using an altered ritual. He says that’s the difference between them and Dean. Berserkers choose the animal they want; Dean was chosen by his.”

When he looks back at Bela, she’s nodding as though she’s familiar with the concept. But of course she would be. She’s obviously done extensive research into the matter, and now that Sam thinks about it, he realizes that she said something about that in her apartment. Something about how she would never have sold Dean to Vincent if she’d known that the wolf chose him.

“There’s a brief mention of that kind of perversion in Tyr’s Bible. There was a tribe in the early years after Tyr’s successful bonding with the wolf. With typical male arrogance, they thought that they knew best what kind of animal they should join with.” There’s a certain amount of satisfaction in her voice as she adds, “It drove them mad. The spirit first—trapped unwilling in flesh it didn’t want—and then the man.”

Sam wants to point out that being chosen is driving Dean mad as well and then doesn’t. Berserker insanity isn’t really the point here. “Look, what I’m getting at is: why change the ritual if the original rite is so much stronger?”

Bela shrugs. “There’s nothing in the Bible about that. It was composed around one thousand B.C., and the altered ritual didn’t come into popular use until the third century A.D., as far as I can tell.”

Sam isn’t sure that’s an answer to his question, and there’s a hollow quality to Bela’s gaze that tells him the avoidance is deliberate. Before he can press for a straight answer, there’s a knock at the door and a gruff voice shouts, “Room service!”

Bobby isn’t even in the suite yet and Sam already wants to punch him.

“We’ll finish this later,” he promises.

“Looking forward to it,” Bela responds, giving him her most insincere smile.

It’s strange to see Bobby without his cap. Sam can count the number of times the man’s been without it on one hand, and on at least two of those instances, Bobby only took it off because he had blood dripping down from his temple and needed stitches. Dean used to speculate that Bobby slept in the thing.

Even stranger than Bobby’s naked head are the glasses perched on his face: gold rims with thick, Coke-bottle lenses that magnify his eyes. He’s holding a covered silver tray in one hand and as soon as Sam closes the door behind him, Bobby shoves the tray into his hands.

“Thank God,” he grunts. “Another minute and I was gonna go blind.” Taking the glasses off, he rubs at his eyes, scrunching his forehead up and blinking rapidly. “Do you have any idea how hard it is to see with those things?”

Still squinting slightly, he starts to look around at the suite—expression verging between amazed and disgusted by the extravagance—and then he catches sight of Bela and freezes.

“Hi, Bobby,” Bela says brightly.

“Bela.” With ominous care, Bobby folds the glasses and puts them into his breast pocket.

“It’s wonderful to see you again. How have you been doing?” Bela’s all smiles and false cheer and for once, Sam doesn’t think that she’s doing it to be annoying. No, Bela is actually nervous. From the expression on Bobby’s face, she ought to be.

For a long moment, Bobby just looks at her. Then, in a flat voice, he says, “I oughta shoot you.”

Bela’s smile wavers for a moment and then firms. “Now, Bobby—”

“You didn’t even blink, did you?” Bobby continues, stalking past the fountain and toward the dining room table where Bela is sitting. “I bet you didn’t. You looked at him and you saw a walking check and you didn't hesitate for one goddamned second.”

Bela raises her chin. “What I saw was a danger to society, and my solution was a tad more humane than burying him in the backyard like a stray dog.”

Sam would be upset, but he’s used to Bela’s biting words. Bobby hasn’t been here as long, though, and his face goes red and choleric.

“Humane?” he sputters. “You call this humane, what they’re doing to him? Did you know what was going to happen to him before you sold him upriver?” Whirling back to Sam, he demands, “Did she know?”

Sam, who doesn’t have the answer to Bobby’s question, shrugs. Over the last few days, he’s slowly been coming to the conclusion that it doesn’t matter whether she knew or not. What matters is getting Dean out. What matters is why she’s helping them now, although Sam is certain he won’t be able to drag that information out of her without the help of a blow torch and some nails.

He isn’t quite that desperate.

Not yet.

“Why don’t I leave you boys to do some catching up,” Bela suggests, rising in a smooth motion and heading for her room.

“No,” Bobby says, whipping his head back around. “I want you where I can see you. You sit right over there and keep your trap shut.” He points to an armchair next to the couch and, after a brief hesitation, Bela adjusts her course and does as she’s told. Sitting back in the chair, she crosses her legs and holds the book on her lap, torn page peeking out beyond the others.

In the strained silence that follows, Sam walks to the dining room table and puts the tray down. Bobby follows him over.

“I think there’s an omelet under there, if you’re hungry,” he offers.

“I’m fine.”

Although Sam hasn’t eaten since yesterday afternoon, and threw up even that small meal after he found Bela’s note last night, he’s telling the truth. Thinking about Dean—about what his brother has been forced to endure while Sam sat on his ass in New York—isn’t all that conducive to a hearty appetite. He turns away from the table and forces himself to meet Bobby’s gaze head on. Waits for the anger to start up again and feels nothing but tired resignation.

“Hey, Bobby,” he says finally. “Thanks for coming.”

It’s just something to say, isn’t meant as forgiveness, but Bobby obviously hears more than Sam is offering. Tearing up, he hauls him into a fierce hug.

“Goddamn, boy,” Bobby whispers. “Took you long enough to ask.”

The urge to remind Bobby that he didn’t ask—that Bobby invited himself to this particular party—rises in Sam and then subsides. Giving Bobby an awkward pat on the back, he disentangles himself from the hug.

Bobby opens his mouth—to apologize again or maybe to say how sorry he is about what Dean’s going through—and Sam hastens to shove the conversation back into less volatile channels. “You have it?”

Swiping at his cheeks with the back of one hand, Bobby nods. “Yeah,” he says. “I’ve got it.”

His voice is faint: husky with a depth of emotion that leaves Sam uncomfortable. It’s difficult to stay angry with the man when he sounds that hurt. Shoving his hands in his pockets, Sam watches while Bobby pulls a CD case and a smaller object, which Sam recognizes as a flash drive, from inside his jacket.

“Ash said either of these would work fine,” Bobby says, offering them to Sam.

Before Sam has even started to work his hands free, Bela speaks up from the armchair. “Do you mind if I take a look?” she calls. “Seeing as I’m the one who’ll be doing the actual installation?”

Bobby shoots Sam a disbelieving look and then grimaces at Sam’s shrug.

“She’s all we have,” Sam points out.

Bobby’s dour grunt tells Sam just what he thinks of that statement, but he brings the CD and the drive over to the armchair and hands them to Bela without arguing. Bela turns them both over in her hands and then tosses the CD onto the coffee table.

Holding the flash drive up, she smiles at Sam and says, “This is perfect. I have a necklace with a cavity just large enough to conceal it.”

“When can you do it?” Sam asks, coming closer.

Bela curls her hand around the drive, hiding it. “I laid the groundwork with Vincent yesterday, so I should be able to install it tonight.”

“What kind of groundwork?” Bobby grunts.

When Bela’s eyes flick over to him, they’re as empty as glass marbles. “The kind that works,” she says.

Bobby gives her a flat stare for a few moments and then says, “I’d have to be dumber than a pile of bricks to just take your word that you’re gonna do anything. Do I look dumb to you?”

“Do you really want me to answer that?”

Bobby’s face goes bright red. And here Sam thought he’d be the one with the problem keeping his temper. He’s about to put a restraining hand on the man’s arm when Bobby lets out a short, hard breath and says softly and clearly, “You’re gonna tell me just how you’re planning on installing that rootkit or this conversation is gonna get a whole hell of a lot less friendly.”

Bela can’t appreciate being threatened so often, but outwardly she’s as unruffled as ever at Bobby’s words. Dropping her head against the back of the chair, she regards him calmly. Only the biting edge to her voice gives her away.

“Fine. Vincent has a personal computer in his room. Since he’s the head of Camargo Industries, he has administrative access. He’s also neurotic about cleanliness. All I need to do is get him to work up a little sweat and then install the rootkit while he showers.”

“You expect me to believe he’d let you get that close?” Bobby demands.

Bela lets out a curt little laugh. “He may not trust me, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t want me.” Her mouth purses in disdain. “You men are all alike.”

Bobby leans down in a sudden movement, one hand on either arm of Bela’s chair, and says, “I get that you think all men can be led around by their dicks, but just so we’re on the page here, I wouldn’t fuck you if you were the last woman on earth. I think you’re low and vile and disgusting. It turns my stomach to look at you. I’d go so far as to say you had the morals of a snake, but I wouldn’t want to offend any reptiles.”

“And if I get so much as a whiff of a double cross—or if you do something I don’t much care for the taste of—then I will bring the wrath of God down on your ass. Are we clear?”

The color is high in Bela’s face, and Sam can’t tell if it’s from shame or anger. Her voice is cold when she answers, “Crystal,” but that isn’t really an indication of anything. Her masks are too good: could give Dean a run for his money.

“Good,” Bobby says, straightening. He looks down at her for a moment longer and then, turning away with his lips turned down in distaste, adds, “I changed my mind. Get the hell out of my sight.”

Bela stands stiffly, not looking at either of them. Her head is high as she walks away: her eyes fixed firmly on her destination. When she reaches her room, she doesn’t slam the door behind her, but it’s a close thing.

Bobby rubs the back of his neck and shakes his head a little. “That woman,” he mutters. “She oughta be locked up.”

Privately, Sam thinks that jail is a little lenient for Bela, but he keeps his mouth shut on the subject.

“Did you talk to Dean?” Bobby asks as he sits down heavily on the couch.

Sam knew that he’d have to talk to Bobby about this, but somehow he still feels blindsided by the question. He swallows with difficulty around the hard lump in his throat and shifts his gaze to the fountain. Soothing patter of water. Calming. Cleansing.

“Sam?”

“His … appointment … wouldn’t cancel.”

“Damn it,” Bobby swears softly under his breath. Then, louder, he offers, “I’m sorry, son.”

“Yeah, me too,” Sam says.

It’s a long time before either of them speaks again.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
When Sam and Bela arrive at the Arena that evening, Sam is nursing a staticky tension headache. Irritation prickles beneath his skin. He’s also tired and hungry: two states of being that he doesn’t think will be changing anytime soon. Not when the nausea raises its ugly head every time he even contemplates eating.

His meeting with Bobby was more than a little frustrating after Bela left the room: their conversation circling round and round and never really getting anywhere. They couldn’t trust Bela, but they had no choice. They needed to get Dean out, but they had no information. They needed more help—help they could trust—but neither of them had anyone they’d call in for this kind of thing.

Even worse, the longer that Sam spent with the man, the closer he could feel his anger creeping. He managed to hold it off—barely—but there’s always tomorrow, and the day after that. And sooner or later, Sam knows that he’s going to lose it.

What he doesn’t know is whether he’ll end up yelling at Bobby for lying to him about Dean or whether he’ll tell Bobby to shove his fucking promise up his ass.

It’s a toss up.

Bela was the capper on an already spectacular day. When Bobby left and she finally emerged from her room, she seemed to sense that Sam was upset, and why. ‘Trouble in paradise?’ she smirked, and then grinned all the way down to the lobby like a cat with a canary. She hasn’t said anything since they got in the limo, but he can feel the amusement radiating off her.

Smug bitch.

Luckily, she peels off from him once they’re inside with a quick peck on the cheek and a “See you back at the suite, darling.” Hank doesn’t appear to be on duty tonight, either, which eases Sam’s headache considerably. He isn’t sure he could deal with the man’s sneering jibes.

As Sam watches the first two matches of the night, his irritation shifts into anticipation. He’s going to see Dean again, and this time he isn’t going to let his brother chase him away with a few harsh words. No, Dean is going to talk to Sam whether he wants to or not, and he’s going to let Sam take a look at whatever injuries he sustains in tonight’s match.

Then the lights come up on the third and final match and the bottom falls out of Sam’s stomach.

There are two fighters squaring off in the ring, and a gaudily-dressed announcer introducing them, and no sign of Dean. Maybe it’s fucked up to be devastated not to see Dean being put through his paces in the cage, but the explanations Sam comes up with for his brother’s absence are worse.

Dean’s sick. He was hurt too badly fighting last night to fight tonight. He was hurt too badly fucking last night to fight. Oh God, did whatever asshole he was with do something to him?

The match doesn’t take long, but by the time it’s over Sam’s stomach is in knots and there’s sweat trickling down the back of his neck. He hurries toward the elevator before the rest of the audience—which is visibly smaller than it was the last time he was here—files out. He has to get out of here before he loses the last, crumbling bits of his composure in the face of the frantic fear pounding through him.

Sam is almost at the elevator doors when a hand comes down on his arm. It takes a concentrated effort not to slug the hand’s owner when he turns around.

The man who stopped him is wearing the same black suit as the rest of Vincent’s employees. He’s smaller than most of his associates, with a neat moustache and muddy brown eyes.

Clenching his right hand into a fist at his side, Sam grounds out, “Yes?”

If the man is taken aback by Sam’s hostility, it doesn’t show on his placid face. He offers a perfunctory bow and announces, “I was told to escort you to the guest suite, Mr. Carver.”

Ohthankgod. That means (Sam hopes) that Dean is in good enough shape that Vincent thinks he’ll be able to perform. Of course, Vincent thought Dean would be able to perform after three assassins bled him in the cage, so that isn’t saying much.

“Good,” Sam chokes out.

He couldn’t swear to it, but he thinks the path the muddy-eyed man takes him on is different from the one he took two days ago. There are too many right turns, and he certainly doesn’t remember passing a door—steel, not wood, which is remarkable in and of itself down here—marked Yggdrasil.

It isn’t the word that strikes him, although it’s strange to see the World Tree invoked here, but the feel of the room behind the door. It doesn’t make any sense—it's just a door, Sam can’t have any idea what lies behind it—but his steps slow. His thoughts, for no reason at all, turn to the possessed priest in New York.

‘I thought they were angels,’ the priest told him. Dying, red bubbled words that clung to Sam’s skin like a film of oil.

Sam realizes that his escort is giving him an impatient look and picks up his pace again, leaving the door and the memory behind him. He’s twitching inside of his skin: needs Dean, needs the reassurance of his brother’s presence. Most of all, and very suddenly, Sam needs to know that Dean is okay.

Something is going on: something dark and shifting at the corners of his vision. Like heat mirage, it disappears whenever he tries to get a good look at it, only to return the instant he turns away, nagging.

And it’s dangerous. Whatever it is that Sam isn’t fitting together here, it’s dangerous to Dean.