Locker room rules
by Imperfect

Alice didn’t know what to do. All of her live there was only one thing that really interested her: soccer. The first thing she did when she went to high school, was trying to create a girls soccer team. She succeeded. It was a pretty good team. The other girls where mediocre, but Alice was very agile, which made her the star of the high school competition. Last year however, three girls left the team and none of the new girls on the high school had joined. The team had to disband.

Alice feared that this year was going to be a very long and lonesome one. She had never cared for friends. The little human contact she needed, was supplied by the soccer team. Now that the team was gone, she realized that she didn’t have any friends. She always liked to be alone, but all alone for a year was a bit too much, even for her. She didn’t know yet, that everything was going to change.

Alice walked through the school on her way to math class, all alone as usual. “Alice!”, someone yelled. Alice looked who had called her. She saw Tom walking towards her. Tom was the leader of the boys soccer team and she kind of liked him, although she never found the courage to talk to him.

“Hi, what’s up?” she asked.

“I heard the girls soccer team stopped, right?”

“Yeah, it kinda sucked, there weren’t enough team members”, she answered.

“Well, than I have a surprise for you. I talked with the headmistress and she talked to the leaders of the soccer competition. It turns out that girls are allowed to join the guys competition.”

Alice was fully baffled. “That’s allowed?”

“Yeah, and when you want to join… well, if you play as well as last year, we certainly want you to join.”

“That’s amazing”, Alice said and, impulsivly, she hugged Tom.

“Wow! Save that enthusiasm for the training. We train on Mondays and Thursdays. You might want to read these forms”, Tom said as he gave her some papers.

“I’ll be there”, Alice said as she walked away, smilingly. Suddenly her life seemed a lot sweeter.

Halfway through the second training Alice was sure. This year was going to be even more wonderful than last year. This team was not only better, but also much more motivated. It was fantastic. At the end of the training all the players where called together.

Tom said: “We all know we have a home game this weekend. We will play with the same starting lineup as last game, except Alice gets a chance as the right winger. Does everyone agree?”

As the team was pretty small, Alice was hoping that she would play, but now she saw everyone nodding and she shined from happiness. “Training dismissed”, Tom said, and all the guys walked to their locker room. Alice also walked away. As she was showering, she discovered another thing that was better this year. A whole locker room for herself, without other giggling girls. It couldn’t have been better.

On the match day, Alice was half an hour early on the soccer field, but the whole team was already there. “Am I too late?”, she asked, a bit frightened.

“No, you’re right on time.”

Tom gave a short speech about the tactics, they had a warming up, took a break for ten minutes and then the game was ready to begin. Although the start was heavy for Alice, her game got better and better and at the end, she even gave an assist! The game ended in a 3 to 2 home win.

After celebrating the win with her team mates, Alice walked to the locker room. She took off her clothes and looked in the mirror. She saw a girl that was a bit on the small side, with a slim figure staring back at her. Her hair, typical in a ponytail, was about shoulder length. Alice took out her scrunchie. She tossed her hair, enjoining the loss of pressure on her head. She also looked at her breasts, not that big, but on her small frame they looked very beautiful. Her gaze went downstairs, to her medium-sized bum and muscular legs. She sighed, not really happy with her body, but not dissatisfied either. Then she stepped in the showers.

Meanwhile, the boys had gathered together and also walked to the locker room. “I think it’s about time”, said Tom with a slight grin. Very quietly they walked in the locker room. They heard the water running and went to the showers.

Fully unaware, Alice was letting the water rinse the sweat of her body. While she was enjoying the warm water, she suddenly got an uneasy feeling. She turned around, trying to figure out where the feeling came from and saw her whole soccer team looking at her.

For the first few seconds, Alice did nothing but just stand there, fully baffled, feeling the eyes of the boys run over her body, from her small breasts to the landing strip between her legs, that could not quite hide the contours of her lips. All the places, no boy had ever seen before.
Then, slowly, her blood started running again. She put one hand before her breasts and the other one between her legs. Then she started screaming: “What the hell are you guys doing here!”

“Well”, Tom answered, ”we’re here to shower and change. What do you think the locker room is for?”

Alice snapped back at him: “Go to your own locker room! This one is for girls!”

Tom smiled at her. “The other locker room is taken by the other team. You know there are only two locker rooms, right?”

Alice was fully baffled and didn’t know what to say. She thought about what all of this meant, still covering her body. “Am I supposed to dress and shower with you guys, all season long?”

Tom smiled. “That was the idea. You don’t mind, do you? “ He didn’t wait for her answer. “I see that you haven’t had time to read the locker room rules yet, have you? You are not allowed to cover anything while you’re in the locker room. We could throw you out now, but I guess we can give you a second chance, can’t we?”

The other boys nodded and watched as Alice slowly dropped her arms. She kept moving her arms, fighting her instinctual need to cover herself. She couldn’t make eye contact, not with Tom, nor with the other guys. Then she heard Tom continue. “You’ve put us in a difficult position, as you also broke rule 9. You should have waited with showering till the team photo was made. The photographer is waiting outside.”

Alice was shocked and needed a few seconds to process it. “You want me to go on a photo like this, fully nude? For the yearbook?”

Tom smiled. ‘Well, that too would be a violation of the rules, but maybe we have to make an exception. We would all like to have that photo.”
It took Alice a while to process. Was she really going to get naked in the yearbook? No. That was a bridge too far. “I’m not going to be naked in the yearbook. I just can’t. Does that mean I’m out off the team?”

“Well, we can make a deal. We let the photographer come again next week. The photo that is being taken right now is not going to be in the yearbook. It will be for, well uhm, let’s call it personal use.” Tom said with a slight blush on his face. “Do we have a deal”?

Alice didn’t have to think long. She had loved the training and the game had been even more fun. She didn’t want to leave the team. She looked at Tom and said: "let’s call the photographer, but please make it quick."

When the photographer entered the locker room, he couldn’t believe his eyes. There was a beautiful naked girl in the locker room and even though she looked very embarrassed, she wasn’t even covering! When he realized he was going to have to take a photo of her, he was even happier. After he had promised not to spread the photos, he took a few. Then he left with a smile on his face: “See you guys next week!”

After that, Alice quickly dried herself, put on her clothes and left too, not even trying to look at the undressing boys.

As Alice came home, she immediately started searching for the papers she got from Tom. After a few minutes, she found them. The first pages were all the typical bureaucratic bullshit, but the last page looked different. She started to read:

-----------------------------

Locker room rules
1. Shower! We are not pigs. After a training or a game, we all need it.
2. No covering. We are all equal and we have nothing to hide.
3. No bullying. We are a team, we stand up for each other.
4. No violence.
5. Shooting photos and filming is allowed, as long as everybody is wearing their underpants.
6. A friendly touch is accepted. Exception is the genital region: genitals are not to be touched. You can do that stuff at home.
7. We leave the locker room clean and never make a mess.
8. What happens in the locker room, stays in the locker room.
9. After the first game of the season and every time a new team member enters, a team photo for the yearbook is to be made. Everyone has to be in the photo.
10. Any violation of above stated rules is to be punished. The perpetrator will be kicked out of the locker room. The person is not given the chance to dress, nor to be let back in.

These rules are necessary to ensure a healthy and happy training environment. By entering the team, you are accepting and agreeing to above stated rules.

---------------------------------

Alice smiled as she noticed that all the rules only protected her from the horny boys. There was no way any of these rules was going to cause her trouble. Or so she thought…


Part II

Alice was afraid that she would fear each time the guys would see her naked. For that reason, she decided that she wouldn’t use her own locker room anymore after the training. She would only use the men’s locker room, hoping she would get used to it. As she had hoped, each time it was a little bit easier. She even started to check out the boys.

The first away game was hard for Alice. Her immediate opponent was good and made sure that she couldn’t play her best game. At half time, she was substituted and sat down on the bench, extremely frustrated. Her mood improved a bit when one of her team mates made a lucky equalizer just before end time. Happy they didn’t lose the game, the team went back to their locker room. Talking about the game, the team slowly began to undress. The guys had seen her naked a couple of times now, and it wasn’t as big a problem as before for Alice.

As she was standing in just her panties, the door of the locker room opened. Three guys entered. One of them had a big camera on his shoulder. A second guy, holding a microphone, started to speak: “Hey guys, we are from the school paper and streaming this live in our stadium. What are your thoughts on the game?”

Although the interviewer was speaking to Tom, the captain, it was pretty obvious that Tom wasn’t in the center of the screen. The camera guy only paid attention to the topless beauty he was filming. Alice was in shock. She slowly began to realize, that she wasn’t just flashing her breasts to the three guys in front of her, but to the whole stadium outside, filled with a couple of hundred people she didn’t know and some people of her own school!

She knew she couldn’t cover up. It was forbidden and she sure didn’t want to be nude outside of the locker room. The interviewer tried to get some responses from her too, although he wasn’t staring her in the face when he asked her the questions. Alice could only mumble “no comment”, and her face was getting more and more red. To make things worse, she was getting a bit cold, what made her nipples stand out clearly.

She gave Tom a begging look. Could he make an end to it? As one of her other team members answered a question, Tom whispered to her: “remember the rules.”

The rules? The rules were what made sure that she couldn’t cover. The rules brought her in this mess in the first place! But she knew Tom only wanted to help her. In her head she went over the rules again. Was there a rule that could save her? Then it hit her. He couldn’t think that she… But she understood. It was probably the only way out. The guys were far too eager to see a naked girl. They wouldn’t stop the interviewing for a while. Her hands went slowly to her panties. Could she do it? She didn’t want to, but it was the only choice that she had. The only way to make an end to this ordeal. With a swift pull, she pulled her panties off.

The three guys from the school paper were fully overwhelmed. They thought that the girl was shy, but here she was, baring it all! The few seconds they needed to fully absorb the beauty of the girl before them, saved the last shred of Alice’s modesty. As the camera guy lowered his camera to film her pussy, the team stepped in. “You can’t film in here when someone isn’t wearing their underpants. That is against our locker room rules.”

To Alice’s delight, the guys were quickly pushed out of the locker room. All the stadium saw, was the beginning of a landing strip. The rest was too moved, blurry and fast. As the team showered, she thanked each and every one of them. They protected her. She couldn’t think of any better friends. 


Part III

A couple of weeks later, Tom called all of the players together after the training. “As you know, next week we have a home game against the Blue Bears. The headmistress informed me however, that there is a locker room maintenance that week. I think, that we can use the one locker room together. What do you guys think?”

Ben answered immediately. “Hell no. We know how those machos are. That’s a no-go.” The other guys nodded agreeing.

“I’ve already spoken with the captain of the Bears. He is willing to give every player the locker room rules. Would it be ok?”, Tom asked again. The guys of the team reluctantly nodded. Only Alice didn’t. The fact that a whole other team would see her naked, was not a nice prospect. Especially when the team had such a bad reputation as the Blue Bears.

As Tom saw her doubt, he said: “I really would like to give a good example and let them use our locker room. It’s not a problem when you sit this game out, when you don’t feel comfortable.”

Alice wasn’t sure what she should do. It was so easy to say she wouldn’t play. But if her replacement played well the next game, it could mean that she would lose her place in the starting lineup. She was on a good run and such a thing could ruin it for her…

Alice decided. The reputation of the Blue Bears was probably a bit exaggerated. And they would probably only see her naked for a minute tops. She could do it. With a trembling voice, she said: “I’ll be there, I’ll play.”

She got a respectful look from Tom. “That’s settled than. See you guys at the game.”

The game against the Blue Bears was a massacre. The first 15 minutes were ok. The brute strength of the Blue Bears was outmatched by the agileness and speed of the home team. At the end of these 15 minutes, the score was 2 – 0. Then it became ugly. The Blue Bears started to play rougher and made foul after foul. At the end of the game, the game ended in 9 – 1 win for the home team. Two of the Bears players were sent off, but there could have been more. It was a wonder that no one was seriously injured.

The atmosphere after the game was grim. The blue bears were cursing, swearing and trying to cause havoc. Alice and her team were also furious, having sustained some minor injuries. Tom tried to calm his team down a little, and slowly, they went to the locker room. When Alice entered the locker room, she realized, that perhaps she wouldn’t be seen naked by the Bears after all when she was fast. She undressed quickly and went to the showers. But while she was soaping herself, she heard the Bears come in. Apparently they wanted to go home, then within fifteen seconds, the first of them entered the showers.

As the first guy saw her, he stopped right in his tracks. The next one walked in to him, looked up, a bit annoyed, and saw the girl too. One by one, they laid eyes on one of the most beautiful nude girls they had ever seen. For Alice, it was almost funny, how the guys stopped one after the other, how all their mouths went open in amazement and how all their dicks started to grow. Except it wasn’t. It was a nightmare.
After the guys drank in the sight of her, they all walked to their own shower. Except one. Chris walked right to Alice, grabbed a soapy tit and started to knead it, the soap making it easy to slide her nipple between his fingers.

Alice tried to move his hand away and yelled at him: “Stop, I don’t want this.”

The captain of the Bears tried to save the situation: “Chris, you might wanna stop. This could be perceived as bullying. Didn’t you read the rules”?

“That piece of paper? I have better things to do than reading that” the boy said, as he moved his hands between Alice’s legs and entered a finger. Immediately her team mates came into action. They grabbed him, dragged him to the door and threw him out of the locker room, naked as the day he was born.

As his team mates wanted to stop them, they were stopped by their captain. “We were welcome here, as long as we would obey the locker room rules. Chris has broken them, so he has to take the consequences. We’ll give him his clothes back at the bus.”

Meanwhile, Chris was banging with both hands on the door. It was locked. After almost a minute, he stopped, realizing that they would not let him in. It was only then he heard the laughing behind him. He turned around and saw that a group of people had gathered and was watching him. He started to curse at them, then realized they were looking at his very stiff, but not that impressive dick. His hand went down immediately and he covered his crotch.

After a couple of seconds, he realized that no one would let him back in. Waging his options, he decided to run to the team bus, hoping that it wasn’t locked.

Chris ran away from the group of people, still shielding his junk with his hands. There were some people who followed him, mostly girls, who thought it was hilarious to see such a strong, muscular guy reduced to a panicking boy. The fact that he saw a few phones, made him run harder than ever before. No way there were gonna be photos of him nude on the internet. He lost his pursuers pretty soon and found his way to the bus. But it was locked.

Chris looked around if there was a place where he could hide till the others returned. There wasn’t. He knew that there could be coming people on the parking lot anytime. As he almost walked away to find a hiding spot, it hit him. He could hide under the bus.

Chris wasted no time, went to the ground and hid under the bus. Then the waiting began. It was excruciating for him. He heard lots of people, some talking about the game, some talking about him. And he was just on a few yards distance, naked as the day he was born. After some ten minutes, the parking lot quieted down. Then someone stopped at the bus. Although he could not see who hit was, he saw some high heels, so it had to be a woman.

“Chris, are you here”? a female voice yelled. He recognized her immediately. It was the teacher who went along to the game. Miss Fletcher, a strict, grey-haired history teacher, about 50 years of age, had drawn the short straw and had accompanied the boys on the trip. She called him again. Hesitant, he crawled out from under the bus and rose, making sure she could not see anything.

“Yes, the boys told me about your predicament. I got the keys from the bus driver and thought it would be nice if I let you in the bus, don’t you think?”

Chris only wanted to hide in the bus and was not about to take any chances, so he answered: “Yes miss Fletcher.”

“Well, I didn’t know you could be so polite, young man. Perhaps this situation will be beneficiary for your manners. Now hold my bags for me, will you?”

Miss Fletcher held her bags pretty high, making sure that Chris had to stop covering to get them. Blushing fiercely, he grabbed the bags and held them for his privates immediately.

“I don’t want you to defile my bags with your thingy, young man”, the teacher said. Knowing what she wanted, Chris moved his the bags to his sides, granting her a long-lasting look on his cock. It had came down a bit, but now, although he didn’t want to, it started to rise again.
“Oh dear boy. You just need to remember, size isn’t everything. Perhaps you’re more of an endurance kind of guy”, miss Fletcher said smirking. She opened the door of the bus and Chris ran inside, utterly humiliated. A couple of minutes later, his team arrived, bringing his clothes with them. He dressed quick while he was being teased by his friends. He knew they would tell the whole school about what happened. There probably were even a few pictures. They would never let him forget it. As if he could if he wanted to… 


Part IV

Although none of the guys talked about it, it was pretty soon common knowledge that Alice showered with the boys. That was probably the reason, that the soccer team was more popular than ever. All the boys wanted to join. Most of them weren’t even considered, because it was obvious that Alice was the only reason they wanted in. Tom organized a special training to check out the others. There was only one who was really talented, a small, shy boy called Jimmy.

Jimmy was far too short to head balls and wasn’t strong enough to win duels with other players. But he was fast. With his speed he could outspeed most of the other guys while he had the ball. His insight was good too. He always knew where he had to be and where he had to play the ball.

In his first game, he only played the last five minutes. After the game, they went to the locker room. It was immediately obvious, that Jimmy had joined to play soccer, not to see a naked girl. He was nervous as hell. The others noticed and started to tease him a little. Especially Alice thought it was funny. Seeing that the boy wasn’t looking forward to going to the showers, her uneasiness about him seeing her naked disappeared and the relief left her in a light, teasing mood.

In the locker room, she sat down, relaxed, watching Jimmy attentive. As he looked at her, she winked, letting him blush furiously. As he was just in his briefs, Alice started to undress also, making some sort of show of it. By the time she was in her underwear, Jimmy had a tent in his briefs. Alice unclasped her bra, showed him her boobs and said: “Maybe you should lose those briefs, hotshot. You wouldn’t want them to get wet.”

Jimmy bared his boner, but made sure Alice could only see his ass. He walked quickly to the showers, feeling way too uncomfortable to be alone with an almost nude girl. Alice took off her panties, searched her bag till she found her shampoo and shower gel and then walked to the showers too.

Jimmy was already showering. As Alice saw him, she said “good game, dude” and slapped him on the ass, startling Jimmy so much that he dropped all his stuff. The next few seconds were a blur. Alice walked on, laughing, and stepped on the bar of soap Jimmy had dropped. She slipped, fell and grabbed around her to make sure she wouldn’t fall that hard. For a couple of seconds, the whole team just watched.

Alice had landed on the ground with her legs wide open, showing the whole team not just the outside of her pussy, which they had seen many times before, but also giving them a look inside. The last private place she had left, open for all to see. The whole team was staring, mesmerized, and enjoyed an almost gynecological view. Except Jimmy. Then Alice had bigger problems. As she fell, she had grabbed the only thing around her that could slow her fall down. Her left hand was holding the very stiff, pretty large boner of Jimmy.

Alice looked at her hand, started to realize what she had done, opened it slowly and let go of the boys dick. Only then she closed her legs, far too late to hide anything. A couple of seconds, nobody moved. Then Tom step forward. “I know it was an accident, but still, it was a clear violation of the locker room rules. You know what that means, don’t you?”

Another team mate immediately argued: “I know she was teasing Jimmy, but it was an accident. She doesn’t deserve to be punished.”
Some guys agreed. Then Tom took the lead. “It looks like we won’t agree on this. What about a vote? That would be fair, right?” As all her team mates nodded, Alice realized that her fate was in their hands. She could only hope they had mercy.

The vote ended even. The whole team looked at Alice. Tom said: ‘When we can’t decide, I think you should decide.”

For Alice, the decision was surprisingly hard. Sure, she didn’t want to be nude outside. But there were other things to consider. What would happen if there was to be made an exception? It could happen more often and there was a pretty big chance that next time, she would be the victim. If she showed that there were no exceptions, even for accidents, the rule would be firm and no one would try to take advantage of unclarities.

As one single tear dripped slowly out of the corner of her eye on her cheek, Alice said: “I don’t think there should be any exceptions. I’ll face my punishment.”

Tom smiled and answered: “I knew you would do the right thing. Perhaps we can help you. While we stand at the front and tell everyone you’re gonna be nude outside, you sneak out the back. Maybe you won’t even be seen.” Her other team members nodded. “Also, I will call my sister Gina at home. She will have some clothes for you, so you’ll only have to walk 2 miles.”

“Thank you Tom. I’ll guess I’ll just make the best of it.”, Alice said with a trembling lip. She waited until the guys were ready showering and dressing. As they called everybody together in front of the locker room, Alice, naked as the day she was born, sneaked out. There was no one around. The longer she was nude outside, the bigger the chance that she would be seen, she knew. Therefore she didn’t even bother with covering and started to run immediately. Her tactic was simple. She would choose the route where the fewest people would be. It was Saturday, so it was a logical choice to go via school, because no one would be crazy enough to go to school in the weekend.

As she arrived at the back of the school, it looked like she was right. There was not a soul out there. For an instance, she thought about going in to get her gym clothes, but then she realized that the school would probably be locked. She just had to go on through.

She walked around the corner of the school and headed to the front side. She stopped near the second corner, trying to figure out what her next step should be. She should still have some lead on everybody at the soccer field, but she had to hurry. Then she saw some movement out of the corner of her eye.

Unknown to Alice, the school was open every weekend. The computer room was always open, to give students a chance to do their homework there. It was a good initiative, but in reality the computers were only used by the nerds for LAN parties and other stuff. Those nerds had all gathered now at the window and were looking at the girl. Some of the guys had never even seen a naked girl before, and now, there she was, uncovered, standing as a deer in the headlights.

Alice needed a couple of seconds to process that a few guys were staring at her nude body. Again! There were two choices left to her: cover or run. She chose the latter. Hoping the guys hadn’t thought of grabbing their camera yet, she ran as fast as she could till she was out of their field of vision. Then she slowed down a bit, but still kept running, not thinking anymore, just hoping she would be lucky enough to not be seen.

For a moment, it looked like she was. The streets were deserted. She only had three more streets to go, before she would reach safety. But at the next corner, her luck ran out. She ran right into a group of teenage boys, sending them all sprawling.

Alice landed on one of the boys. She was happy that she had a soft landing, but not that happy about one of the hands of the boy, that covered her left breast and started to knead. “Wow”, the boy said shining. “ I’m sorry.”

“You’re sorry?”, Alice screamed. “Then let go of my breast!” The startled boy put his hands at his sides and Alice got up. The other boys were still lying on the ground, watching up to the naked girl with a look of astonishment on their faces. As Alice ran on, they stared at her butt. It was a moment they would never forget.

The rest of the way was uneventful. She didn’t see anybody anymore and could only hope that she wasn’t seen either. She arrived at the house of Tom’s sister and rang the doorbell. As she waited on the door to open, she started to cover again, feeling very uncomfortable. Sure, she just ran two miles nude, but while she was doing that, she had a goal in mind. Now, arrived at her goal, the end of her torment was out of her hands, which made her much more nervous than before.

Luckily, the door opened within twenty seconds. She wanted to rush inside, but Gina, Tom’s sister, didn’t let her. She said, smiling: “So you’re Alice. Tom said you would come. He also said you would not be wearing very much.”

Alice started to beg. “Please, just let me in!”

Gina answered: “In due time. First I want some information. So you’re my brother’s girlfriend?”

“No, I’m not. Did he tell you so?”

“No, he didn’t. But you like him, right?”

Alice looked around her, fearing there were people staring at her. But there weren’t. Yet. Still, she needed to hurry. “Yes, okay? I like him. Now would you please let me inside? I’m nude here!”

Gina stepped to the side and let the girl enter. “Sure sis, there is a bathrobe lying on the couch. That’s all you need, for now.”

Alice wanted to ask for more clothes, but she didn’t want to be rude. Besides, Tom would probably be there in a few minutes and he would bring her clothes. She could wait for him. Meanwhile, Gina started to ask her questions. “How did it feel, walking naked in public?”

Alice was shocked by the question. “How did you think it felt? I was horrified!”.

“I’m sure you were”, Gina said as she winked. “But you were excited too, weren’t you? Even horny perhaps?”

“No, I was not”! Alice yelled. But then she started to think. Was it true? Now she was inside, she noticed that she was wet. And not just a bit. “Well, maybe a little.”

Luckily for Alice, the conversation was ended by the sound of a key in the door. That had to be Tom. Finally. As Tom entered, Gina went right away to him. With a playful voice, she asked him: “Hi brother, how are you feeling today?”

Tom was a little surprised. “Well, I’m fine. You’re okay too?”

But Gina didn’t answer his question. “You’re more than fine, right? You look like you won the lottery today. I think you are in love.”

Before he could answer, Alice interrupted her. “I know what you’re doing. You’re trying to couple us!”

Gina smiled. “I just want you guys to have some fun. The bed in the guest room is already made. What’s holding you back?”

Tom was unsure what to do. But then Alice let the bathrobe slide onto the ground. All of her embarrassment was lost. She wasn’t ashamed of her body. Not when Tom saw it, at least. She walked towards him, grabbed his hand and pulled him to the stairs.

As they climbed upstairs, Gina yelled after them: “Remember to use the guest room! Don’t even think about using my bed!” 

