Elijah wakes up thinking it's morning, because he can feel someone looking at him. That's usually Dom, watching Elijah sleep just before doing something spectacularly unsettling (usually involving ice water or the very loud recorded sounds of roosters crowing) to wake him up. Except it's still dark in his room, without the reddish glow of daylight behind closed eyelids, and he knows it's not morning yet. It's too quiet for morning. He can't hear birds. There are no bands of warmth on his face and chest from sunlight streaming in through uncurtained windows.

He hadn't slept soundly, and had dreamed in snatches, reliving snippets of the night before. As soon as he had started to doze, he felt phantoms of Orlando's playful hands, tugging him out of the circle of fire light, jolting him awake. Next it was Orlando's deeply dark eyes, and puzzled why not? breathed through slick and parted lips. Jolt, and he had wrestled his pillow until he was curled around it. Then it was Billy's face, wavering and unfamiliar in the flickering light, shadowy and distant, and Dom's thigh, warm and close under Elijah's head, but nothing more than a friendly pillow.

He had fallen into real sleep, after that. He thinks it was real sleep, anyway. He doesn't know how long he actually slept, but it feels like years. He can't remember dreaming anything else, and now he's awake again.

He opens his eyes, and yes, it's still the gray-dark of the deep hours of the morning. He just lies there for long moments, wondering at his wakefulness, before remembering the feeling of being looked at. His eyes find the still figure without effort, and Elijah stares at Billy, trying to come up with a reason why Billy might be watching him in the dead hours of the night, still and silent, and only a handful of feet from Elijah's bedside.

He cannot see Billy's face, but there is something odd in the set of his body. Billy looks ... tense, or something. Maybe tense. How long has Billy been standing there?

Why is Billy standing there, watching him sleep?

Am I still drunk? he wonders. It wouldn't be too terribly surprising if he was. They had imbibed obscene quantities the night before - earlier in the night, actually - during what had nominally been a cookout on the beach, but had more accurately been an excuse to get wasted and build an enormous bonfire. But he doesn't exactly feel drunk, although to be completely honest, he doesn't exactly feel sober either. His head doesn't hurt yet, so he can't have been asleep that long.

Maybe Billy is drunk. Except from what Elijah can remember, Billy hadn't been seriously drinking. Billy was supposed to do the driving, and had only been sipping at a beer.

"Drink this," Billy says, focusing Elijah's attention again. Billy takes two steps closer, and Elijah sees that he's holding a glass in one hand.

Elijah struggles into a sitting position and rubs at his eyes, which feel grainy, like they had collected sand from the beach earlier and he had neglected to blink it away. "Billy?" he says. "What ...?"

What are you doing here? What do you want? What is that look on your face?

Instead of actually asking, though, Elijah scrunches his face into a frown and cocks his head in question.

"Drink this," Billy repeats, and closes the remaining distance between them to press the glass into Elijah's hands.

Elijah takes it, and it is icy cold, shocking against the palms of his hands, and the glass is slick with beaded condensation. Abruptly, he can smell what's in the glass, the sweet/tart of orange juice, and as soon as he smells it, thirst blossoms thickly in his mouth and throat. He drinks greedily. "Thank you," he murmurs when the glass is empty, and Billy takes it from his hand and sets it on the night stand.

"Dom wants you," Billy says.

"Oh,"Elijah says, and slides to the side of the bed. He gropes for his jeans, and Billy's hand reaches across Elijah's body and closes around his wrist.

Elijah looks up, and Billy says: "You needn't bother." Elijah just looks at him. Billy is smiling, Billy even sounds slightly amused, but Elijah can't quite see enough of Billy's face in the gloom to throw off a sense of something not being quite right. He squints up at Billy, but that doesn't help. Billy says again: "Dom want's you." And Billy brushes a casual hand through Elijah's hair, either mussing it further or smoothing out the tangled bed-head, Elijah can't tell for sure.

Whichever it is, it makes Elijah shiver, and he hunches his shoulders a little. Billy does it again, fingers trailing, feather-soft, to the nape of his neck.

Billy isn't wearing a shirt. I'm still drunk, Elijah thinks, and that's as good an excuse as any for noticing that Billy isn't much broader in the chest than Elijah himself, but looks more finished, somehow, the musculature there more apparent, more visible than it is on Elijah's pale, boy-smooth chest. Billy's hand feels hot around Elijah's wrist. Though Elijah is no longer groping for his jeans, Billy has not let go. It does no good to pretend he doesn't notice Billy's proximity, or the way it makes him feel nervous and too warm, so Elijah stands up, angling his body in such a way that Billy has to let go of his wrist, or end up pressed up against Elijah from thigh to chest.

Billy is warm and angular, and he can feel Billy's breath puffing against the side of his face. The soft hairs sprinkling Billy's chest prickle against Elijah's arm. After three long seconds (Elijah counts them off and carefully paces his breathing to match their passing) Billy does let go.

Still drunk, he thinks again faintly.

"Is he ... is he sick?" Elijah isn't sure how he manages to get the words out considering that the air in the room has become too close and warm. But he does.

He can hear the smile in Billy's voice. "No." Billy slides a too hot hand over the small of Elijah's back and presses, urging him to move forward. Elijah does, stumbling a little, though not because of the dark. "No, he's not sick." Billy's accent is thick, and Elijah feels himself shiver.

I'm cold, Elijah thinks. He is dressed only in his boxers, after all. But he isn't cold.

Elijah moves forward, guided my Billy's urging hand, across the threshold of his bedroom and into the darker hallway. He turns in the direction Billy's hand indicates, not toward Dom's room, but towards Billy's room (which would be the guest room, except that Billy has been staying in it for so long now that all the guest furniture is gone, replaced by Billy's furniture, shipped from Scotland). When they reach the door, Billy's hand slides from Elijah's back around his hip, reaching past him for the knob. The inside of Billy's forearm is warm and alive against Elijah's ribs. One of Billy's knees nudges at the back of Elijah's thigh, urging him forward again, and this whole thing is feeling so surreal now that he barely notices that Billy is close enough that he can feel the heat of Billy's chest not-quite-touching his naked back.

The room smells of wood polish. The bed, of course, Billy's precious bed. It is dark, but not as dark as the hall, and Elijah can see to walk.

Elijah moves into Billy's room, four steps and stops, he has to stop, because ... because Dom ... because Dom ...

Elijah's world shifts, like a swift, jerking camera movement in a film, and his chest locks up. He can feel it lock, a contraction, a tightening of every muscle in his abdomen. He feels himself swaying, and his stupid brain rambles: I'm still drunk, I'm still very, very drunk.

Billy's hands close around Elijah's hips, hot and present, and somehow that just makes the world wobble more profoundly. Elijah feels dizzy and faint, and all the blood and heat has drained out of his head and settled firmly just below his navel. "Steady, Elijah," Billy whispers from just behind him, and his breath is hot and damp on the skin behind Elijah's ear, and it should feel impossible and unreal, but somehow this part doesn't, and it works to settle Elijah in a way that the hands on his hips do not.

Elijah's skittering gaze focuses, more than focuses, it feels like his gaze is magnetically drawn to Dom, and Elijah can see nothing else. The rest of his senses have gone dead. He cannot feel Billy's hands on his hips or hear Billy breathing, he can only see Dom. The rest of the world is a gray blur around him.

Dom is on Billy's bed, Billy's antique, hand-carved, teakwood bed, imported from India. He is kneeling near the headboard, his hands are resting on it, and he is naked. Elijah's focus narrows further, zooms in like a camera lens, and he can see only slices: Dom's face, Dom's stormy, sea-spray eyes, Dom's chest, gorgeous and forbidden. Dom is lean and hard, and hard, and as soon as Elijah's eyes discover this, they are locked there, they are riveted, and it takes him long seconds, eternal seconds, to drag them back up toward Dom's face.

What is in Dom's face and in the set of his body is so far out of Elijah's realm of experience that he can't begin to understand what is there.

I'm dreaming this, Elijah thinks. He will wake up in the morning with a hangover, and he will be sweaty and twisted into his own sheets in his own bed with his aching cock pressed against the mattress and the scent of his own arousal heavy in the air. When he wakes, he can tell himself it was just a dream-memory of Orlando's lips and Orlando's urgent body, and he can tell himself he is a fool for not using Orlando the way Orlando had so graphically invited him to.

Because this isn't real. It's too close to fantasy, too close to the things that Elijah keeps separate from his daily thoughts and brings out only at night, in his own bed, in the protection of the dark.

"Dominic," Billy says, and the sound of his voice so close to Elijah's ear brings the rest of the world back again, back from the grayness in which only Dom could be clearly seen. "I brought you something..." and Billy bites Elijah, too hard to be soft but too soft to be hard, right at the nape of his neck. Elijah's eyes go wide with surprise, and he feels himself go stiff all over, hears himself make some sort of noise and try to rise to his toes. Billy's fingers dig into his hips and jerk him down, forcing him to stand flat-footed. He feels light-headed, and realizes that he isn't breathing – and has he breathed since he entered the room, since he saw Dom? He isn't sure – and then Billy is lapping at his neck, at the spot where his teeth indented Elijah's skin, and it is slickhotwet. Elijah's stored up breath escapes him all at once, an exhalation that sounds like a moan. He can feel Billy's lips curving upward against the back of his neck, and Billy says: "...sweet," as though he is finishing a sentence, but Elijah cannot remember what he had said before.

Drunk, Elijah thinks stupidly. He says: "This is a dream," and is startled and dismayed to hear his voice out loud, to hear it trembling, and to hear how real it sounds.

Billy laughs against Elijah's neck. "Would you dream me like this, Elijah?" he purrs, voice all soft and rolling sound. He uses his grip on Elijah's hips to half turn him, just enough to look into his face. Billy's eyes are green stones. He leans slightly forward and presses his lips to Elijah's, flicks his tongue against them, and then bites again, catching Elijah's lower lip hard enough to make him gasp. He slides his tongue into Elijah's mouth, and Elijah feels himself scrabbling for some sort of balance, because things are just off, this just can't be...

But he loses that thought in the rush of heat, loses all thought, and is aware of nothing but Billy's hot lips and wet, deft tongue, pushing into this mouth, curling around his tongue, lapping at the insides of his cheeks.

When Billy releases Elijah, completely releases him this time, he staggers, trying to orient himself. Before he can, Billy is pressed up behind him again, urging him toward the bed, toward Dom, and Elijah is no longer thinking that this is a dream. Billy's mouth was too real, the way Dom is looking at him now is too real, and Dom is twisting his wrists, drawing Elijah's attention to them, and he realizes that Dom isn't just resting his wrists against the headboard of Billy's elaborately carved bed, he is actually bound to the headboard of Billy's bed, and Elijah stops, because there isn't enough of his mind to both walk and gape in astonishment at the same time. He stares and sways on his feet and sort of falls back into Billy's chest. Billy's arms go around his waist, and Elijah lets Billy support his weight, even though his sudden apprehension is enormous and encompassing, because he just cannot hold himself upright alone.

"Stop," Billy says, and it takes Elijah a moment to understand that Billy is talking to Dom, not to him. Dom twists his wrists again, tugs, and Elijah hears the headboard creak a bit. "Dominic." Billy's voice is somehow sharp and silky at the same time, and it is impossible for Elijah to keep from turning to look at Billy. He has to see, because he's never heard that kind of tone from Billy before, never. Billy is just looking at Dom. He seems calm, no visible anger, though he has one brow arched as he gazes steadily at Dom. Even without the anger Elijah had expected, Billy looks menacing. From the very edge of his vision, Elijah can see that Dom has subsided, is no longer pulling at the bindings around his wrists. He is giving Billy a hard little smile, almost a sneer.

And it's strangely familiar. He's seen Dom do that before, curl his lip slightly, a look that just about screams: Fuck you. He looks at Billy again, really looks at him, and that look isn't new either. That calm regard, almost amusement, the cocked eyebrow; Elijah has seen it, but it never looked menacing before, because it was Billy, and Billy is the least menacing person Elijah has ever known.

Billy was the least menacing person Elijah has ever known.

"Jesus," Elijah says. He feels hot and chaotic. "Jesus, what...?" But he can't finish the question because he doesn't know what he wants to ask.

Billy's arms go around his shoulders and Elijah is turned and pressed up close to Billy's naked chest. He smells like sweat and soap and beer, and also faintly of Dom. Elijah breathes it in and Billy's arms are familiar and comfortable around him, and he feels calmer. "Only what he wants, Elijah," Billy murmurs, and that was exactly what Elijah meant, that was the question, how did Billy know? "And only what you want." His tone is gentle, reassuring.

And Elijah believes him, but ... You don't know what I want, he thinks, but what comes out of his mouth is: "How can you know what I want?" Like he already believes that Billy does, somehow.

"I know," Billy says simply.

It is the same tone, meant to be reassuring, but Elijah is not reassured. He is confident that Billy does not know, can't know.

But when Billy slides a denim-clad thigh against Elijah and presses, Elijah lets his certainty dissipate into something like exultant lust. It doesn't matter, he is here, and they are here, and that will do, so he pushes back, his hips doing their own little stutter-jerk thing against the heat of Billy's thigh. He hears Dom jerk against the bindings again, the creak of the headboard loud, and Billy ignores him this time. The sound, however, is an unexpected sizzle against Elijah's nerves, and his hips snap forward hard. His head falls back, and he hears Billy chuckling, and can feel it a moment later, against his bared throat.

"That's the sound of Dommie needing, Elijah," Billy whispers against his throat, and it is a sultry rush of sound, red heat in Elijah's brain. Billy says "needing" like he can taste it, or like he wants to. "Do you like it?"

Elijah feels himself shudder, because, yes, he does like the sound, the jerk and creak of Dom's struggles and the way Dom's breathing is harsh and he is muttering curses under his breath. Elijah slits his eyes and turns his head to look at Dom, and he likes that even better, Dom's twisting wrists and tense shoulders, and Dom is looking at them, at Elijah and Billy, like Dom might be willing to sacrifice one or both hands if it meant being able to get to them.

Billy is pushing him backward and biting at Elijah's throat, and Elijah is trying to move obediently in the direction Billy is pushing him and grind against Billy's thigh at the same time, but Billy's teeth on his throat are making the big muscles in Elijah's thighs feel like heated, thrumming Jell-O. The backs of Elijah's legs hit the bed and he is again aware of Dom's breathing behind him.

"Up," Billy says, and half-lifts Elijah onto his knees on the mattress, and Elijah feels absurdly grateful for the fact that Billy somehow manages to keep his thigh snugly pressed against the ache in Elijah's groin while he maneuvers them both onto the bed. It's a big bed, but not that big, and Dom is maybe a foot away from them. Dom's wrists twist and jerk urgently. When Billy presses Elijah back against the headboard, he can feel it shuddering against his back as Dom tugs.

"Stop it, Dominic," Billy says, giving Dom that level stare, one brow arched, and it is surreal, because Billy is pressed tightly against Elijah's body, but he is looking at Dom. Billy's hands are on Elijah's ribs, stroking, and his thigh is hard and tense pressed up against Elijah's groin - Elijah is aware that he is grinding against Billy's thigh, and gasping, and Billy is pressing harder - but all the time, Billy's gaze never leaves Dom.

Dom gives Billy a full-on sneer this time, lip curled, eyes hard and sultry - make me - and jerks his wrists hard. Elijah hears metal clink and the creak of protest from the headboard, and it's the same as before, the sound travels from ears to someplace deep in his belly, and he moan's softly even as his gaze is pulled toward Dom's wrists, Dom's bound wrists.

He isn't sure what he expected to see - and that makes him actually utter a strangled little laugh, because he never expected to see Dom tied to Billy's headboard to begin with - maybe handcuffs or stockings or a couple of Dom's supremely ugly ties, but what he does see stops his breath in his throat.

Around Dom's wrists are manacles, actual honest-to-God manacles, albeit manacles made out of leather rather than iron. They are black and wide and the light from the window slides over their smooth surface, and they look amazing and utterly decadent, especially with the muscles in Dom's forearms working visibly beneath the skin just above the leather as he twists his wrists. Elijah reaches out to touch them without thinking, and Dom's wrists still as he strokes his fingertips against the leather. They are smooth and warm from Dom's skin. There is steel there, smooth, cool chain running between the leather cuffs around Dom's wrists and smaller leather loops fixed around the spindles of Billy's headboard. The loops around the spindles of Billy's headboard, Elijah sees, are padded. The loops of leather around Dom's wrists are not. Under other circumstances, Elijah would laugh.

Instead, his focus contracts again, narrows to Dom's wrists and the leather and Dom's sexy fucking forearms. He slides the tips of his fingers along the skin just above the leather. Dom's forearms tense and his hands (which look appealingly vulnerable and needy, groping at the spindles of Billy's headboard) spasm, then clench into tight, white-knuckled fists locked around wood.

Elijah wraps his hand around the short length of chain and pulls, watches Dom's body sway forward. Dom growls and twists his hands to capture Elijah's wrist, but Billy's is there, drawing Elijah's hand away. "Don't," he tells Dom. Or maybe he's talking to Elijah. He can't tell.

"Fuck you, Bill," Dom sneers, and Elijah sees that Dom is shivering or trembling or thrumming with tension.

Elijah watches the smile slide onto Billy's face, and it is amused and dangerous, and yes, menacing, again, and it still doesn't seem quite right because Billy is generous and gentle, but in another way it is right because it isn't a new expression, the only thing new about it is Elijah's perception of it.

Billy meets and holds Dom's gaze for long moments, the little smile on his lips genuinely unsettling, like he knows something, knows how to unravel Dom, how to prove he can unravel Dom.

He doesn't touch Dom, though. Instead, he firms his grip on Elijah's ribs and eases him further away from Dom, closer to the edge of the bed, so that Elijah can feel one of the carved posters biting into his back, cold and foreign. Billy doesn't look away from Dom as he does this, and Dom's sneer turns to frustrated agitation. "Fucker," Dom growls, but softly.

Billy presses Elijah back against the headboard, his hands hot on Elijah's chest. He guides one of Elijah's hands up to the bedpost, murmuring: "Hold on." Elijah is vaguely aware that Dom has gone very still and quiet, but his attention is really on Billy, because Billy is sliding his hands down Elijah's hips and hooking his fingers into the band of his boxers. Billy is tugging them down, and Billy's thumbs drag along the sharp angles of Elijah's hipbones as the fabric puddles around Elijah's knees. Billy makes a soft, pleased sound, and Elijah's hips - totally beyond the control of Elijah's brain - arch toward him.

Billy looks up at him, wicked green eyes that Elijah can feel traveling the length of his body, and his smile is equally wicked. "Billy," Elijah breathes, and he hears Dom echo Billy's name, and it's the most fabulously erotic thing Elijah has ever heard. Billy's hands are hot on Elijah's thighs, which shiver and tense. Elijah's heart stutters when Billy's tongue dips into his navel and then swirls downward through the dark hair beneath it. When Billy's tongue laps at the head of Elijah's cock, Elijah has to bite down on his lip to still a wail, but it still emerges as a trembling moan. Dom utters some sort of strangled sound that makes Elijah buck, and rather than move away, Billy merely shifts and opens.

"Fuck, fuck!" Elijah nearly screams, and the hand that isn't wrapped around the bedpost clutches at the headboard for purchase. It's hot, it's hot, and Billy's tongue ... He isn't going to last, not with Billy's mouth, God, his mouth, and Elijah wants this not to be over more than anything he's ever wanted in his fucking life, but Billy's mouth feels just like his voice, just like his accent, all warm and soft and full of unexpected dips and rolls. He opens his eyes to stare at the ceiling, to try to pull it together, to try anything to keep from coming undone thirty seconds into the best fucking blowjob of his life, and becomes aware that Dom is talking.

"Billy, fuck... jesus, just let me... Billy, no... Bill, Billy... goddamnyou, you fuck... I want..."

And Elijah really does know better than to look, but he can't not look, not with Dom's voice like that, ragged and desperate and needing, and every nerve in Elijah's body is tuned into that voice, his skin is burning and singing, and it's too late anyway, so he looks.

Billy's hand is working urgently between Dom's thighs, and Dom has risen up to give him room, risen half to his knees and twisted so his shoulder is leaning against the headboard, and he is so close, so so near, and he is staring up into Elijah's face like he's dying and only Elijah can save him. He sees when Dom is going to come, sees it pass over his face like desperation and relief all at once, and Elijah discovers that he has enough control left over his body to drop his free hand into Dom's hair and fist it there, because he wants to be touching Dom when Dom comes.

But Dom doesn't, can't, because Billy's hand stills, wrapped around Dom but unmoving, and when Dom growls and pumps his hips, Billy lets go of him entirely.

"No," Dom whispers, his eyes huge and bright but completely unfocused, and his face twisted into an expression of pained desperation. "No, Bill, please... God..."

Dom is begging, Elijah thinks sharply, and feels the tremors of impending climax begin in his thighs.

Dom rises to his knees and twists his bound hands downward, his intention clear, and without stopping, without even looking as far as Elijah can tell, Billy catches the chain and jerks it up, and Dom's hands follow the movement helplessly, and Dom cannot reach.

Dom whines.

The tremors in Elijah's thighs become shudders.

He wants ... wants, and his hand unclenches and slides out of Dom's hair, drops to rest on top of Billy's hand around the chain, and Billy knows, Billy understands, and lets go, and Elijah has the chain in his fist, and he tugs it up further, and Dom's helpless hands follow and clench together in front of Dom's chest, prayerful.

The jolt it gives Elijah is less powerful than the feel of Billy's slick, velvet tongue wrapped around him, but not by much. "Bill," Elijah breathes, "Bill, Billy..."

"Elijah," Dom whispers, and it tears at Elijah, and he feels himself bucking and at some point the hand wrapped around the poster of the bed has freed itself and tangled in Billy's hair without Elijah's knowledge or permission, but Billy isn't objecting, and Dom groans: "'Lijah, for God's sake, please..."

Billy's fingers bite into Elijah's hips and he lets out a little growl that feels like sin around Elijah's cock.

He cannot stop it, doesn't want to.

Billy's mouth is burning him and Dom, not just begging, but begging him, Elijah's name on Dom's lips like a prayer, and Billy's fingers are bruising and demanding. "OhholyfuckingGod" falls from Elijah's lips in a trembling gasp. Dom's mouth is on Elijah's fingers wrapped around the chain, he is lapping at Elijah's fingers, quick swipes of hot tongue.

He wants to keep his eyes open, but he can't. His head falls back and his mouth falls open. He wants to scream, but he doesn't know if he actually does or not, because all sound is muted into nothing as his orgasm shudders through him, and he can feel nothing but Billy's mouth working exquisitely around him and the hot wetness of Dom's tongue on his fingers.

It feels eternal, and Elijah is happy, Elijah is replete.

He is only half-aware of Billy easing him down onto the bed, cool headboard against his back, crisp sheets beneath his splayed and boneless legs. Billy kisses his closed eyelids and eases away, and for the first time since he entered the room, he is alone, no one is touching him, and it aches.

The darkness behind his eyelids feels claustrophobic, it feels like loneliness, so he opens his eyes.

They are together, they are so close that they might as well be one person. Dom is arched and straining against Billy and Billy is kissing Dom as though kissing Dom is more important than anything, as if he needs to kiss Dom more than he needs air, and Elijah suddenly feels exactly the same, air is fucking overrated anyway.

He thinks of Orlando's puzzled eyes, Orlando asking why not, and how Orlando had looked (puzzled, then startled, then horrified) when he had followed Elijah's gaze to where Billy and Dom were sitting, close to the fire, but not close to each other. "Not one of them," Orlando had whispered, tense and sympathetic all at once, and Elijah had merely shaken his head, no, no, it's not like that - and it wasn't, that had been true, it wasn't one of them - and Orlando jumping to conclusions, murmuring reassurance in Elijah's ear, about how things like that took time, and Elijah would find someone, would have what they had, and Elijah hadn't corrected him. Orlando had been sweet, had been understanding, and had not tried to convince Elijah that going home with him would be anything but friendly lust. He had not pushed, but had left Elijah with the clear understanding that he could come to Orlando, if he wanted to, and Orlando would make it good for him.

He watches Billy draw away from Dom, leave Dom gasping (and Elijah can relate, he is newly familiar with the devastation of Billy's mouth), and Billy turns slightly to look at Elijah. Billy's hand drops to his groin and he rubs himself through his jeans, long, easy, unselfconscious strokes while he gazes at Elijah through half-lidded eyes.

Billy is dangerous, Billy is fucking deadly-dangerous, and Elijah can't remember what it feels like to think of Billy as gentle and generous. "Do you want to fuck him?" Billy says abruptly, and a gasp of surprise escapes Elijah before he can trap it behind his lips. Billy smiles, still lazily stroking through his jeans. "Or do you want him to fuck you?" He knee walks over to Elijah while he is still fumbling to formulate a response, because all he can think is yes, just... yes, and he's pretty sure that Billy is looking for something a little more specific. His hands close around Elijah's upper arms and pull him up to his knees as well.

Elijah darts a glance toward Dom, but Dom says nothing, just watches with darkly hungry eyes.

"Think you can fuck him without your hands, Dominic?" Billy says, and turns that look on Elijah, the look he has only observed up to this point, the level gaze, the arched brow.

Elijah suddenly understands why Dom does that, why Dom snipes at Billy and sneers, because that stare, Billy's eyes both hot and amused, that stare is Billy's natural fucking weapon, like a tiger's claws or a wolf's teeth.

"You know I can," Dom growls and jerks his wrists a couple of times. "Give him to me, Bill."

Billy's eyes crinkle with humor, and he bends to murmur in Elijah's ear. "I do know, Elijah."

"Fuck," Elijah says, unaware until its out that he means to say it out loud, and for the first time he feels like he's got some possibility of control, some element of power, and he turns his face and kisses Billy, and air really is overrated. And Billy lets him, for a few long, sweet seconds. Billy's head falls back and his mouth opens under Elijah's, and when Elijah grabs Billy's hips and jerks him forward, Billy arches against him, denim trapped heat like steel against Elijah's hip.

Then Billy is pushing him away. Dom is laughing quietly, and says: "He's good at that."

"Yeah," Billy says, and wipes at his mouth with the back of his hand. Billy's hand has a slight, but noticeable tremor. Seeing it makes Elijah want to kiss him again, he starts forward to do it, but Billy stops him with a firm hand in the middle of Elijah's chest. "We knew he would be," he says to Dom, then turns back to look at Elijah. "That he'd have a... taste for it."

Before Elijah can think about that, Billy is pushing him toward the middle of the bed and thrusting him down on his back. Elijah hooks his fingers into the waist of Billy's jeans, his eyes locked on the straining outline beneath the denim. "Let me just ..." he says, and licks his lips. "Can I just... see?"

"Yeah," Dom echos agreement from somewhere above and to Elijah's right. Elijah follows the sound of Dom's voice with his gaze, and feels his eyes go wide, because at this angle, fuck, from this angle, he can see... everything.

Somewhere in the very furthest corner of his mind, he is thinking: He's going to put that where...? but the rest of his mind is unmindful of Dom's size or the insignificant fact that Elijah hasn't actually done that part before. The rest of his mind is caught up in heated impatience, and he reaches for Dom with the hand that isn't still gripping Billy's jeans, because he may not be what one would call experienced, exactly, but he isn't a complete novice either, and he knows full well what he wants to do with that.

Billy catches his hand, holds it, and Elijah finds himself glaring at Billy until Billy guides the hand down to join his other hand on Billy's jeans, and Billy says: "Look. Don't touch."

Elijah is fumbling with Billy's zip when he feels Dom slide down alongside him, and the warm slide of Dom's naked skin against his makes him fumble more. "Jesus," he grates out through clenched teeth, and the stubborn zip finally loosens, slides down. Billy isn't wearing anything under the jeans, and all it takes is a tug at the material to free him. Elijah can feel Dom pressed against his hip and there is Billy right in front of him, and he doesn't see how anyone could be expected to retain anything resembling any kind of self-control considering the situation, so he doesn't bother to try. He gets his hands under him and pushes up, and Billy doesn't move, which is as good as tacit permission as far as Elijah is concerned, and then Dom is moving, Dom is over him and pressing him back down, and Elijah is about half a second away from uttering some truly vile disparagements concerning Dom's lineage when Dom kisses him.

Elijah isn't prepared, even after Billy's heated kisses, he isn't ready for Dom's urgency, Dom's need. He wonders fleetingly how long Dom had been tied to the headboard before Elijah's arrival, but he doesn't have the brainpower to give it any true consideration, because Dom's lips are on his for only an instant before his tongue is pushing, demanding, and then thrusting heatedly into his mouth, forceful and seeking. Elijah meets it for a few moments, tries to wrest some kind of control, and he can feel himself writhing beneath the weight of Dom's body, can feel his hips arching up, and fuck control ...

He just opens, lets Dom in, lets Dom take him, and Dom groans into his open, pliant mouth and Elijah whimpers. Dom shifts above him, and they are pressed together, Elijah is taut and tight with want, and he doesn't understand how it can be this much, how he can need this much after his recent experience with Billy's mouth, but he does, he needs, and maybe it's Dom's need, and he is merely absorbing it or reflecting it, or something.

Everything is slick and heated skin, pressed against him full length. He feels surrounded and overwhelmed, he is aching, and above him Dom is practically vibrating. Dom releases his lips and attacks his neck, sharp teeth close on the big tendon there, and Elijah hears himself wail. Dom's knee is between his thighs, nudging, and Elijah pulls his legs up, feet flat on the sheets, and he can feel Dom's hips against the insides of his thighs, and that is good, so good, feels right and he presses up and Dom groans and bites his collarbone.

Dom's hips raise up for a moment, and the loss of contact is painful, Elijah whimpers "No," but then they are back, hipbones sharp and perfect, and Elijah's cock is trapped between his own belly and the hard, flat expanse of Dom's so he hisses "Yesss," and hears Dom muttering 'fuck' repeatedly under his breath.

There is heat against his ass, nudging pressure, and Elijah's legs slide up by instinct, knees digging into Dom's ribs. "Oh, oh fuck, oh fuck," he hears, and realizes a moment later that it's his own voice.

When Dom stills above him, he wants to scream with frustration. He opens his eyes, and Billy has his hand on Dom's hip, stopping him. "What the fuck, Bill," Elijah snarls, and Billy ignores him utterly.

"Let me get him ready," he says to Dom, and Dom opens his eyes and looks down at Elijah.

Dom looks drugged. It is achingly erotic. "Dommie," Elijah whispers and pushes up, hissing at the sweethot friction. Dom groans, hips thrusting forward slightly, increasing that pressure, and Elijah hisses again.

"Easy, Dom," Billy murmurs, stroking a soothing hand down Dom's back. "He's not ready."

"He wants it," Dom says, deep voice, desire roughened.

His voice is enough to make all other concerns scatter from Elijah's brain, and he presses up again, head swimming and disconnected. Just, just forward, just hard...

"He can't take it," Billy says flatly, and Elijah opens his mouth to either assert that he can, that he wants to, or to scream, he doesn't know which, and Billy claps a hand over his mouth without even looking at him. "You don't want it to be that way, Dominic. Not his first time."

Dom looks away from Elijah, looks at Billy, and his eyes are slightly wide and questioning, but no longer have that drugged look. Fuck, Elijah thinks, Fucking god dammit, fuck fuck fuck! How the hell does he fucking know that?! Billy just gives a nod, and then that heated, nudging pressure is gone, and then the weight of Dom's body is gone, and Dom is raising up, Dom is on his knees above Elijah with his hands wrapped around the spindles of the headboard.

Elijah wails inarticulate protests behind Billy's hand and arches up, toward the heat of Dom's body. Billy releases Elijah's mouth to catch his hips in both hands and press them down. "I can," Elijah says as soon as his mouth is free. "I can, I want... Billy, please... Dom..."

"Fuck!" Dom groans from above him, the word choked and garbled. He shifts, spreading his knees, forcing Elijah's thighs wider, but stays up, stays out of reach. "Do it," he says, looking at Billy. "Before I come just listening to him beg for it."

Billy looks at Elijah, and long moments pass while Billy just looks. Elijah feels himself snarling back at Billy, and bites out: "What the fuck are you waiting for?"

He can hear the creaking of Dom pulling at the leather around his wrists again, and it sends shivery little flutters down his spine. For a second, he can feel leather around his own wrists, soft and hard, feel the frustration of being trapped, feel the thrill of it. His skin is buzzing at the lack of sensation, contact, and Billy is giving him that look, and smiling lazily. "I know what you're thinking," he tells Elijah.

"Fuck you, Billy," Elijah snaps, "Evil fucking bastard!" Above him, Dom utters hoarse laughter, heavy with lust.

Billy slides down beside them, his face level with Elijah's hip, his legs curled forward to touch Dom. He bites Elijah's hipbone, making him jerk, and then his fingers, slick and warm, slide up against him, and there is nudging pressure again, not as much, not as hot as Dom felt, but there, and Elijah wants it. He lifts his hips, but Billy is teasing him, touching him, but not pressing forward.

"Why didn't you tell me," Dom says, and when Elijah looks at him, he is looking down, between their bodies, at what Billy is doing. Elijah thinks Dom is talking to him and is preparing to grate out something to the effect of 'Do we have to discuss this right now?' when Dom says: "I could have hurt him."

"I did tell you," Billy says, and presses a little more, and Elijah gasps and mutters words that he doesn't even recognize under his breath.

"Before," Dom growls, and it occurs to Elijah that if he lifts his upper body he can probably get his mouth on Dom's chest or neck, and that is a good idea, that is a fucking great idea. Dom looks down into Elijah's face and whispers: "Christ, Bill, hurry the fuck up!"

Elijah forgets about getting his mouth on Dom when he feels Billy's finger, slick and warm, press, press, and then slip inside. He hisses, hears Dom growl, and his belly tightens with heat. Billy's finger is inside, deep, and he hears himself make a little "Ungh!" sound, and his body tightens, tenses all over, and his hips rise up, levitate off of the mattress until Billy pushes against his hip to lower him back down.

It isn't that it hurts, although it does, but not quite. Elijah doesn't know. It almost hurts, but not exactly and his lust-addled mind doesn't seem to be able to make distinctions between "hurt" and "pressure" and "burn" and "stretch". He feels fresh sweat spring up all over his body, and he is suddenly glad, very fucking glad, fucking eternally grateful that Billy stopped Dom, because Dom is... well Dom is a hell of a lot bigger than Billy's finger.

"He's like a fucking vise," Billy murmurs, and Dom snarls something unintelligible. "Kiss him, Dom."

Dom's lips are just as hot, just as commanding, and Elijah doesn't bother with even a token defense this time, just opens his mouth and lets Dom invade him. Billy is stroking a calming hand along his thigh, and Dom is biting at Elijah's lips like he is starving to death, devouring Elijah's mouth like there is nothing else on earth he would rather be tasting. "Should have fucked you in New Zealand," Dom growls against Elijah's lips, and Elijah's reply, which was meant to be: 'Fuck me now!' is lost in Dom's ravenous mouth.

"Better," Billy says, and does something, twists his wrist and Elijah screams into Dom's mouth and bites down on Dom's lower lip hard enough to taste blood. Elijah's thighs spread wider of their own accord, and he hears Billy's low, throaty chuckle, and Dom doesn't seem to mind awfully about the biting, as he is biting Elijah back.

Dom's mouth slips away, and Elijah growls his name even as he feels Dom's lips latch firmly around a nipple. He arches, bucks, and is pretty sure that Billy is working a second finger into him, but it doesn't hurt, just pressure, and Elijah feels like he can't breath, like there isn't enough oxygen in the panting, ragged breaths he can hear himself taking. There is a big dark void hovering at the edges of his mind, and he is going to be extremely pissed off if he passes out and misses anything.

Then Billy does the thing again, the twisting thing, and he forgets everything except the resultant dizzy-hot pleasure that makes him arch and writhe and cry out wordlessly in need. He thinks he will come, he doesn't know how he survived twenty-one years on earth without this, and then Billy's hand stops moving, is still, and the moment passes.

"Bill," Dom says, and there is both a pleading note and a warning note in his voice. "Don't..."

And Billy's fingers slide away, out. There is a moment when no one is touching him, and Elijah has time to wonder: Why didn't he fuck me in New Zealand? and then Dom is pressing down on him again, and Billy has moved up and is biting at the place where Elijah's neck meets his jaw. Elijah has enough mental capacity for the moment to send a seeking hand down Billy's body and find him, capture his silky-steel length, and revel in the groan that Billy releases against Elijah's neck. Then Billy is easing Elijah's hand away, and Elijah thinks: Why, why can't we touch you, why are you still even wearing those fucking jeans? and then Dom is pressing against him again, and Elijah's breath catches in apprehension and anticipation. Dom is pressing, really pressing, it's purposeful, determined, and Elijah's thighs are singing and shivering with tension.

"Relax," Billy murmurs into his ear, and kisses his jaw. And to Dom: "You're next, Dominic."

Dom's eyes close, his hips shudder forward, and there is one moment of ow, oh fuck! and Dom is in him, inside, just a little, but in, and Elijah's breaths are gasping little whines and he is vainly trying not to move and squirming anyway, and Dom is trembling and still above him.

"Relax," Billy murmurs again, lapping at his earlobe, and while Elijah can recognize the imminent sense of the advice, he's finding it difficult to apply. Billy seems to know this, like practically everything else, and he puts his lips close to Elijah's ear and begins to give a low-voiced, filthy monologue. "Dominic is topping you from the bottom, Elijah. Topping you from beneath me." Billy laps at Elijah's neck, bites lightly, and the shudders it sends though Elijah seem to ease some of the tension in his thighs and belly and his fists, which are clutching at handfuls of sheet. "Or he will be, in a few minutes, and you should watch his face when I take him, Elijah. You'll never see anything more gorgeous than Dominic taking it."

Elijah moans (Billy should have to register his voice as a lethal weapon), his hips doing something by instinct, and Dom echoes the sound as he slides forward, deeper. "Fuck, yeah," he whispers, and Elijah wonders if Dom can hear what Billy is murmuring into Elijah's ear.

"Wait until you take him, Elijah," Billy whispers. "He loves it, and when he moves under you it's so hot you can't breathe, so sweet and tight you could die." Billy slides a hand down his belly and closes his fist around him. "That's how you feel to him, Elijah." He squeezes Elijah, whispers: "Narrow and clenching, and so fucking tight," and strokes, and Elijah whimpers and pushes up, and Dom chokes out curses as he sinks in, completely in, and there is no pain as Billy strokes him, and murmurs: "Move for him," into his ear.

Elijah does, Elijah couldn't stop it if he wanted to, and he does not want to. He arches up, and Dom growls low in his throat and thrusts, and Dom's hips shift and when he pushes again Elijah feels his eyes go wide and his mouth fall open in shocked pleasure. "Yeah," Dom growls, fierce joy flashes on his face, and he dips to kiss Elijah violently.

He is unaware of time, it is forever, or it is only a few seconds, and Dom is thrusting and hard inside him and his hands are scratching uselessly at Dom's back, and he can feel Dom's muscles bunching and stretching beneath the skin there, and somehow that feels almost as good as Dom inside him, Dom pounding into him and growling his name mixed with obscenities and prayers. He doesn't notice that Billy has released his cock, doesn't notice that Billy is no longer lying stretched out at his side, he is absorbed in the heat of it, the thrust of Dom's body and Dom's tongue in his mouth, until Dom goes still again, inside him, still and trembling, his lips parted against Elijah's but still, his breath coming fast and hot against Elijah's mouth.

"Dom, please, fuck, please..." he whimpers, and forces his eyes open.

He sees Dom's face, lips slightly parted, a silent gasp, eyes wide and searingly open and beautiful, and he sees Billy behind Dom, and understands, and stills himself with what feels like heroic fucking effort. He can see it, in his mind and on Dom's face, Dom's lips go slack, his head tips back and his eyes close. His lips are moving, but there is no sound. Elijah feels the sudden weight, the pressure, feels Dom arch forward. Dom's eyes snap open, shimmering and vulnerable, and he exhales a string of curses that sound like pleading. Then he is moving again, and Billy knows Dom's rhythm, too, and it is smooth, only a bit harder, more force, and Elijah is glad nothing is touching his dick, because the force of Dom's thrusts (extensions of Billy's thrusts) and the look on Dom's face is enough to send him spiraling toward climax without any added friction from that quarter. Behind Dom, Billy's head is tilted back, his fingers are digging deeply into Dom's hips, and Elijah would give anything except what he has inside him, to see Billy thrusting into Dom, see his hips work and his body clench, to see Dom shuddering and thrusting back, and fuck oh fuck, they are beautiful.

"Billy," Dom grates out, and his teeth are clenched, and he is shuddering, his hips are working furiously, and Elijah wants him to come, wants to see it like he's never wanted anything else. "I... can't..."

He doesn't finish, can't, just thrusts harder, and Elijah watches his face transition, watches the needy, desperate concentration, a look that is almost pain, tilt, twist, then spin away, and sees the relief, the gratitude, the abandonment.

"Yes, Dommie, do it, yes," Elijah whispers, and then a hand, Billy's hand, and Elijah is thrusting into it with all of his attention, all of his strength, and Dom is moaning above him, and Elijah wants to wait for Billy, wants to at least hear Billy, but all he can hear is the blood pounding in his ears and the sounds of his own cries tearing from his throat.

He is shaking, shuddering, shivering to pieces, and behind his eyelids all is white and clean and perfect. He can smell Dom, can smell Billy on Dom and on himself, and that is right, that is as it should be, and he feels like screaming and weeping and laughing all at once, and even then, even in the joy and the high of it, he is afraid it will never be like this again.

When it is done, when he is done, he is aware of Dom's weight on him, which doesn't feel as heavy as Elijah thinks it probably should, especially because Billy is... well, Billy is somewhere, Elijah can hear him breathing, panting, Billy came sometime during Elijah's climax, and Elijah missed it, and it is like a needle in his chest, in his heart, and he turns away from it, and when the thoughts flash across his mind there could be another chance, this doesn't have to be the end of it he turns them away, because they are too much like hope, and hope is dangerous, and not in the good way that Billy's tiger-stare is dangerous.

The silence goes on for so long that he wonders if one or both of them has fallen asleep. He feels sure that he won't sleep for days. His mind is whirling, and he feels both elated and fearful of the inevitable crash. He doesn't want to think but he can't help it.

Will he be able to survive this? Not the sex, not that, but everything else. Sleeping alone in his bed, living here, with them, seeing them. Seeing them look at each other, Dom sneering, Billy's dark amusement. Now what? he wonders, and there is an edge of panic to it. Now what, nowwhatnowwhatnowwhat?

Dom's weight shifts on top of him and he opens his eyes. Dom is looking at him. He is propped up with his elbows on either side of Elijah's head, because his wrists are still attached to the headboard. Dom's eyes are shimmering silver in the gloom. "Billy, -" he says in a near whisper, like they are conspirators exchanging important information, " - bottoms standing up." He grins at Elijah's expression, and kisses him on the eyebrow. "Strange but true, mate. You can bend him over almost anything."

"I can hear you, you know," Billy says from somewhere below them, out of line of sight. He is trying to sound irritable, but Elijah can tell by his voice that he's smiling.

It surprises a snicker out of Elijah. Dom grins wider, and says a bit louder: "I think he's laughing at you, Bill."

"I'm not particularly worried about being laughed at by mister 'harder, jesus, fuck me fuck me, ohholyfuckingchrist,'" Billy says, and sits up. He is flushed and smiling, and still wearing his jeans. Elijah isn't quite sure why this should be so funny, but it is, and his snickers evolve into giggles. Billy cocks a brow at him (non-menacing, Elijah notes) and announces: "You're going to hell, Elwood." He moves up beside Dom and does something to the leather around his wrists, and Dom sits up, rubbing lightly at his skin. He is nodding his agreement with Billy's prediction. "You've got a dirty mouth," Billy says, and kisses Elijah lightly on his dirty mouth.

Elijah gawks at him, choking on laughter.

"I thought he was such a nice young man," Dom says in aggrieved tones. Dom and Billy exchange a look of solemn dismay.

"Fuck you guys," Elijah laughs, and the fear has dwindled to a distant corner of his mind. Dom is swiping at him with a damp cloth and Billy is shucking his jeans. Elijah is smiling. He never wants to stop. God, please ... he thinks.

"Here," Billy says, and hands Elijah his cigarettes and lighter. He doesn't know how they got here, and he isn't going to ask. He is absurdly touched that one of them even thought about them.

When he reaches to take them, Elijah sees that his hands are shaking. He pulls them back quickly, but Billy sees, too.

"Elijah," Billy says, and pulls Elijah up against him. Dom is there, too, abruptly, pressed up against the other side of him, kissing his shoulder.

"Should have told me he was still a virgin," Dom says, running soothing hands up and down Elijah's arms. He sounds worried. "I'm sorry, 'Lijah. Are you all right?"

"I should have," Billy agrees, giving Dom a nod that is an apology, and kisses Elijah's forehead. His lips are warm and soothing. "I thought he would take care of it himself, in his own time, but ..."

"I thought he had," Dom said indignantly. "I thought that was why, tonight ... I thought he finally ..." Billy shakes his head, once, quick, and slides his cheek into Elijah's hair. "Jesus, Bill!" Dom exclaims, and his arms tighten around Elijah protectively. "We waited all this time, you couldn't wait until he ...?"

Waited all this time, repeats itself in Elijah's mind, Dom's voice, resonant with indignance and impatience.

Billy speaks into Elijah's hair. "He wouldn't..." He pulls back to look at Elijah. He looks as gentle and generous as he ever did. "He wasn't going to," he says softly. "I wasn't sure until tonight, at the beach. I thought he was just being careful, being choosy... but, Orlando..."

Heat rushes into Elijah's cheeks, and he turns his face into Dom's chest. "Orlando what?" Dom asks, flat and soft.

"He didn't do anything," Billy says, a little exasperated. "He didn't do anything but be himself, Dommie, and 'Lij had the chance, and if he was just waiting for someone he could trust, who better than Orlando? But he didn't. That wasn't what he was waiting for."

"Oh," Dom says, and it sounds like he might be smiling.

"I don't want Orlando," Elijah manages, speaking into Dom's chest. Elijah's heart is pounding. Dom's heart is pounding, too. Elijah reaches out, fumbling until he can feel Billy's heartbeat under his palm. It is pounding.

"I know, Elijah," Billy says softly. He nudges gentle fingers under Elijah's chin and guides Elijah's face toward him. He runs his hands over Elijah's shoulders, which are tense and hunched up protectively, then slides a hand over Elijah's hand still resting on his chest, and holds it there.

Dom's arms tighten around Elijah, and he breathes: "Fuck. Finally!" He drops little kisses onto the back of Elijah's neck, wet and smacking, and Elijah relaxes a fraction with each of them in spite of himself. A smile is tugging at the corners of his mouth. Billy is smiling, his eyes are nearly glowing in the dimness, and the relief is vast and sweet, and it is easy to let the rest go.

Finally.