Title: Two Fridays - Part 2
Author: taverner
Rating: 97.5%
Themes: Diary, First Time, Incest, Oral Sex, Teen Male/Teen Female

Summary:
In the morning I woke up, and wondered if it had all been a dream. My cum-stained shirt, lying in the corner near the head of my bed, where I had tossed it before getting in, showed one thing- the part about wanking myself was certainly true, but what about the rest? I showered and put on fresh clothes for the day, and a short time later, Tina came to join me at breakfast, straight from her bed, and wearing her nightie and brunch coat.

Although as usual, we talked and chattered over breakfast, 

============================================================

In the morning I woke up, and wondered if it had all been a dream. My cum-stained shirt, lying in the corner near the head of my bed, where I had tossed it before getting in, showed one thing- the part about wanking myself was certainly true, but what about the rest? I showered and put on fresh clothes for the day, and a short time later, Tina came to join me at breakfast, straight from her bed, and wearing her nightie and brunch coat.

Although as usual, we talked and chattered over breakfast, Tina said nothing about last night, which suggested to me that maybe I just dreamt it, but it all seemed so real. Then, if it was real, and Tina showed no sign it ever happened, that probably meant she was ashamed, and it certainly meant it wasn’t going to happen again. I thought it was best not to bring the subject up, unless Tina did it first.

I noticed that, straight after breakfast, and before she even had a shower, Tina stripped her bed and took her sheets to the laundry, putting them straight in the washing machine, but even that wasn’t unusual for her. Our mother was still having her Saturday morning sleep-in, and as Tina walked from the laundry, our eyes met, but she said nothing out of the ordinary.

The entire weekend went by, with no hint of anything from Tina, but a couple of times when her door was shut, I had to wonder if she was in there, touching herself like she had done for me, pleasuring herself the way she had done on Friday night, and my throat would go dry, and that familiar need to take matters in hand would make itself known. I masturbated twice that Sunday without using a porn magazine for inspiration, just re-running the events of Friday night in my head.

Monday, of course, was a school day, and after school, Tina and I caught the same bus home as usual, but when we got off at our stop, I saw Tina walking with Katy in the direction of Katy’s house. I went home and changed into some shorts and a casual shirt, did a little half-hearted work on a school assignment due later in the week, and then watched some TV.

Tina came in the back door, about an hour after I got home, still in her school uniform, and as soon as she walked into the family room, she said, “Look at this.” She reached into her school backpack, took out a DVD case, and handed it to me. I could see straight away it was a porn movie, and the title on the front was

Heatwave at Station 69

. There was a picture on the front, of a busty, bare-breasted blonde girl, wearing an open fireman’s jacket over stockings, suspenders and white lace panties, and holding the metal end of a firehose, the way a girl would hold a man’s cock when she was giving him a hand job. I turned it over and on the back there were some stills from the movie, and it said,

Things heat up all over when a charm school for young ladies opens up next door to a Louisiana fire station. Polish your helmet and you can come, too. Let’s all go for a ride-along with these good old boys and their southern belles.

“Where’d you get that?” I said, handing it back to Tina. I couldn’t help smiling.

“Katy,” she answered, cheerfully, “She was snooping around in her father’s bedside table and found it in the drawer with some other ones. She didn’t think he’d notice if she borrowed one for a few days.”

“What are you gonna do with it?” I asked, chuckling.

“Watch it, Dickhead. What do you normally do with movies?” Tina smiled, “When Mum’s not home, of course.” She took the DVD, and went to her room, and came out a few minutes later with some jeans and a pink top on, and watched TV with me until our mother came home from work.

The week went by, and almost before I knew it, Friday night came around again. I forgot all about the porn DVD, and as usual on a Friday night, after cooking us our dinner, our mother got dolled up and left in a taxi to go and meet her unofficial boyfriend, Steve. I don’t know why, but for some reason, although she had him over a few times, and he got on okay with Tina and me, she never let him stay the night, and didn’t like anyone referring to him as her boyfriend. Women can be strange sometimes.

Tina was wearing a short skirt, made of white denim, and a cream coloured top, with short sleeves and a square neckline that showed some of her modest cleavage, and her hair was in its usual ponytail. We sat and watched some comedy shows on TV, and then after they ended, I looked at the TV guide, to see if there was anything worth watching. One channel had a rerun of Dirty Dancing, but I’d seen that at least half a dozen times, and there was nothing interesting on any of the other channels.

Tina came in from the kitchen and said, “What’s on?”

“Crap,” I said, “Dirty Dancing is on but not much else.”

“Patrick Swayze’s a hunk, but I’ve seen it so many times I can practically recite the ***********,” Tina said, without much interest. She sat on the couch next to me, and said, “Hey, let’s watch that dirty movie.”  She was smiling, a little mischievously.

“Okay,” I smiled. I’d forgotten about it, but Tina got up and went down the hall to her room, and came back a minute later. When she bent to put the DVD in the player, I caught a glimpse of pink cotton panties under her short skirt.

She came to the couch, kicked off her sandals, and sat next to me. Like any guy my age, I had seen a few porn DVD’s, but to be honest, I had never watched one right through, because I usually got so horny I had to wank myself before it was over. This one went for forty minutes, and like most dirty movies, it showed people fucking missionary style, doggy style, cowgirl, there were pussies licked, cocks sucked, even a lesbian threesome with two female firefighters, and a girl from the charm school. As usual, the flimsy plot was only there to link a series of sex scenes together, but it was a pretty arousing movie.

A few times, I looked over at Tina, and her eyes were glued to the movie, and if it was making me horny, I wondered about how it was affecting her. She had not said a word all week about last Friday night, but I still wondered about that, too. I didn’t know how many dirty movies Tina had seen, but I doubt if this was her first.

During the movie, there was one scene where a fireman named Johnny Hardacre had arrived for work in his old pickup, and the principal of the charm school, a voluptuous redhead called Miss Vee, was waiting for him outside the fire station. She was wearing a big, floppy sunhat, and she said, “Mister Hardacre, I’ve been waitin’ for you.” The fireman slammed the pickup door, and strode over to her, kissing her, hot and hard on the mouth, and when they broke their kiss, Miss Vee had said, “Why don’t y’all come next door for a while, Mister

-acre? I got a li’l ol’ fire burnin’ inside, that needs some of yo’

-pert attention.”

The two characters had kissed passionately, with lots of tongue, and plenty of mouth exploration, and had then gone next door, leading to a hot sex scene in Miss Vee’s living quarters, where Mister Hardacre had licked Miss Vee’s pussy, she had sucked his cock, and they had fucked missionary, legs over the shoulder, and then doggy style. Mister Hardacre had finished up by coming on her back, and his cock was massive. There were plenty of close-ups of the action, not just in this scene, but right through the entire move, and seeing those pussies being licked, especially in the lesbian scenes, had its effect on me.

After the movie, Tina got up as the credits rolled, and walked down the hallway towards our mother’s bedroom. I was taking the DVD out of the player when she came back in the room, wearing a big, floppy sunhat that belonged to our mother, and it was very similar to the one that Miss Vee was wearing in the movie.

Tina stood at the doorway, in her short, white skirt, and cream top, with that floppy sunhat on her head, and standing in the same provocative way that Miss Vee had done in the movie, she said, “Mister Hardacre, I’ve been waitin’ for you.” She even nailed the southern accent.

I stood at the TV stand, and chuckled, and Tina said, “You be Johnny Hardacre, and I’ll be Miss Vee.” I stood there, looking at her, and she said, “Come on. Kiss me like he did in the movie.”

I said, “Well, he slams the door, and …,” then I strode over to Tina, taking hold of her like Johnny Hardacre had taken hold of Miss Vee in the movie, and I kissed her, trying to do it like the fireman had kissed Miss Vee. Naturally, I felt a wave of excitement going through me as I kissed my sister’s soft mouth, gently exploring hers with the tip of my tongue.

When we broke our kiss, Tina recited Miss Vee’s next line, “Why don’t y’all come next door for a while, Mister

acre? I got a li’l ol’ fire burnin’ inside, that needs some of yo’

-pert attention.” Once again, she took off the southern accent perfectly, but when I recited Mister Hardacre’s line, to the best of my memory, I didn’t try to do the accent myself. We kissed a little more, as per the movie, but gradually we got out of character, until we were just kissing each other’s mouths for the pleasure it was giving us, holding each other close, kissing in a hot and sexual way, like lovers.

We had a break for air, and Tina moved back towards the couch, and sat down, tossing the sunhat over the back onto the floor. I sat next to her on her right, and she moved close to me, and put her right arm across my shoulders. She moistened her lips, and kissed me again, a soft and sexy kiss, but a fairly quick one. Then, with our faces close, she said, in a soft voice, “That was a sexy movie, wasn’t it?”

I sighed, and said, “Yeah.”

“Do you get excited when you watch movies like that?”  Tina asked, still speaking softly. Her face was close enough to mine for me to feel her warm breath.

“It’d be pretty hard not to,” I answered, looking in her eyes.

“I know what you mean,” she said, smiling. She leaned in again, and kissed me, but I slid my arms around her and took control, holding her, and holding the kiss myself, until I was ready to break it. We kissed a little more like that, with Tina on my left, my arms around her waist, and her right arm across my shoulders, and I was getting more and more excited by the minute. Neither of us said much, but we broke off from our kissing, and Tina turned on her bottom, and leaned back on the left arm of the couch, as she had done the week before. She swung her long and shapely legs onto my lap, and shuffled her bottom so that it was now resting against my left thigh, with her own thighs across my lap. The moving and shuffling around had made her short, white skirt ride up a little, so the hem of the skirt was only just covering the crotch of her panties. I looked down at her skirt, and the sight of those lovely thighs sent that rippling, roller-coaster feeling through me, and I rested my hands on them, which was probably the most comfortable place for me to put them in, with her in that position, even though a guy doesn’t normally rest his hands on his sister’s thighs like that. Then again, a guy doesn’t usually make out with his sister, either.

Tina looked down at her skirt, and then back up at me, with a look that was part pout, and part crooked smile.  Last week, I’d had my hands all over her pussy and bottom, but I was a little hesitant this week, in case, believe it or not, I misread her. Without speaking, Tina reached down with her left hand and tugged at the hemline of her white skirt, and I caught another glimpse of her pink panties. “Last week,” she said, softly, “you said you liked touching me down there. Don’t you want to do it again?”

“Yeah,” I answered, “but I wanted to make sure it was okay.” My right hand was resting on Tina’s left thigh, and she gently stroked the back of my hand, and took hers away. I moved my right hand up under her skirt, and felt her panties, and that alone gave me that wave of excitement, and with my right thumb, I very gently stroked the crotch of her panties, feeling her labia underneath. Tina smiled, a sweet, girlish smile, and she sat forward and kissed me softly on the mouth, as I gently stroked her pussy through her pants with my thumb. Her mouth felt warmer than usual, and after our kiss, she sat back against the arm of the couch, with her hands by her sides.

I used my left hand to lift Tina’s white skirt, and I looked down at her panties, which had a slight camel-toe because of the shuffling around she had done on the couch. A few stray pubic hairs peeked around at the sides of her panties, where they were pulled tight by her position, and I stroked my thumb up and down her slit, where her panties were moulded to its shape. I must have brushed her clit with my thumb because she flinched, and then smiled. “Careful,” she smiled, a sweet, pretty smile, “you’re in moral danger, doing that.”

“Maybe we both are,” I said.

“Do you want to come down to my room?” Tina asked, “I think we can be more comfortable down there.” I took my hands away and Tina stood up, so I did, too.

I followed Tina down the hall, watching the sway of her hips in that short, white skirt, and I felt very excited. Even though we were only fooling around, kissing, and Tina was letting me touch her pussy, I expected that, like last week, she was going to take off her panties and let me fondle her again, and the thought crossed my mind that this must be what a guy feels like when he’s about to have sex.

We entered Tina’s room, and she stopped, with her back to me, and I remembered that in the sex scene between Miss Vee and Johnny Hardacre, he had hugged her from behind as they entered her living quarters. I didn’t know if Tina was acting out that scene again, as she had done with the sunhat, but I put my arms around her from behind, and kissed the back of her head. She pressed herself back towards me, and pulled my arms tighter around her at the front, and I smelt the shampoo smell of her hair, as I held her soft, slim, sweet body to myself.

Tina turned in my arms to face me, and kissed me again on the mouth, and said, “Do you like kissing?”

“Yeah,” I said, smiling, like the answer was obvious.

“I like it, too,” Tina said, “I like it best when it’s soft and slow, with not too much tongue, just soft, and

” she smiled. The way she added that last word, “sexy,” with a rising inflexion in her voice, was cute and kind of sexy itself. That was the way I liked it best myself, so I said, “Yeah, that’s just the way I like it.”

“Well,” Tina started, “I’ve got nothing to compare it with, but you do it pretty well,” with more of that sweet smile. She undid my hands from behind her, and walked backwards a few paces to her bed. She looked at me, and reached around to the zipper at the back of her skirt, and unzipped it, letting the skirt fall to the floor. She stepped out of it, and lifted it to one side with her right foot. Tina was now standing in front of me, with just her pink panties and her cream top on, and she sat on her bed, then lay back on her pillow. She was on her back, with her head turned to the right to look at me.

I took the hint and walked over to her bed, and sat on it, and turned to my right to lean down and kiss her. She put her arms around me and we kissed like that for a moment, and Tina let go of me, so I lifted my feet onto the bed, and turned around so I was lying on my left side, while she was laying on her back. I looked down at her panties, and like last week, I gently caressed her pubic mound with the palm of my right hand, through her panties. That alone was breathtakingly exciting, and then I gently stroked up and down along her slit, with the first finger of my right hand. I noticed that her pussylips actually felt damp under the material, far wetter than I had felt before, either this week or last week.

After I had stroked her slit a few times, I wanted to experience the scent of Tina’s pussy, as I had done last time, so I looked at her face, and then back at her panties, and then leant down to kiss her on her left inner thigh, right next to her pussy. Her skin there was beautifully soft and smooth, and once again, I smelt that incredibly sexy scent from her pussy.

I changed my position a little on the bed to get more comfortable, and I took hold of the waistband of Tina’s panties at her hips and gently pulled. She lifted her bottom from the bed, and allowed me to pull them down, and I noticed the gusset seemed to stick to her pussy a little as I took them off her. Tina bent her legs to allow me to take her panties right off, and I dropped them on top of her skirt on the floor. The sight of her naked pussy, with it’s neat triangle of pubic hair, was as exciting to me as it had been last week, and I leant down again, and kissed her in the middle of her pubic hair, gently inhaling the scent, fainter there, but still as exciting, as it was between her legs.

Tina then did something she hadn’t done before. I was now kneeling on her right, leaning down to kiss her pubic hair, and she reached down with her right hand between my legs from behind, and touched my cock though my jeans. It was a very gentle touch, barely stroking me once, but she said, “You’ve gone very hard.” Her voice was just above a whisper, and I looked to my left at her and she said, “If you can touch me, I can touch you.”

“Can I touch your bottom?” I asked, and Tina turned herself over, lying on her belly. Her naked bottom put me back on that roller coaster for a moment, and she looked back to her right to see what I was doing. I stroked my finger along her butt crack again from the top down, and she smiled, but didn’t say anything. I caressed her right buttock with the palm of my right hand, and left my fingers trail down along her pussy slit, and then I ran my thumb and first finger back up along the sides of her outer labia, where the hair felt a little coarser than at the front. “You’re having fun, aren’t you?” Tina smiled. I kissed her in the small of her back, and then again on her right buttock, then ran my hands along the backs of her thighs, once again feeling her smooth, soft skin.

After I had caressed Tina’s bottom for a little longer, and rested my cheek on her buttocks, feeling the soft skin against my face, she said, still lying down, looking back at what I was doing, “Jason?”

I knelt back from her bottom, and she turned herself over, now lying on her back, looking up at me from her pillow. “Do you like girls’ boobs?”

“Yeah,” I answered, smiling, “Why?”

“Just wondered,” Tina said, smiling back. I realised that in all the excitement of her letting me touch and fondle her pussy, I had not even tried to see or touch her breasts.

“You didn’t seem to want to touch mine. I thought maybe it’s because they’re so small,” she added.

“I, um, didn’t know if you wanted me to,” I stammered, but Tina said, “Would you like to touch them?”

“They’re nice,” I said, “but I didn’t know if you wanted me to touch them.”

“Sometimes, when I touch myself,” Tina started, “I like to play with them with my other hand. They’re sensitive.” Then, she smiled at me and said, “Go on, feel my boobs.”

I lay back down on my left side, and looking Tina in the eyes, I reached across with my right hand, and gently placed the palm of my hand over her left breast. That felt pretty exciting, but with her own right hand, Tina undid the two buttons on her blouse, and gently lifted my hand from her boob, and placed it inside her blouse where it was loosened with the two buttons undone. I felt her lace bra, and then I put my hand over her left breast again, on the outside of her bra, feeling the nipple harden just slightly under my touch. I had to swallow.

“Let me take my top off,” Tina said, and I took my hand out of her blouse.

“Then, you’ll have nothing on,” I said, “Are you okay like that?”

“You’re my brother,” Tina smiled, “I feel okay with you. Besides, I might take some of your clothes off before long.”  She sat up in the bed, and pulled her blouse over her shoulders, revealing a lacy white bra. She unclipped it at the back, and took it off, dropping it with her other clothes, and lying back down. My sister was now naked on the bed beside me, and she said, “Taste my nipple.”

Tina’s breasts were not large, but they were a nice shape, and with her fair complexion, the nipples and the areola around them were a pale pink colour. Just the sight of them made me want to touch them. I leaned over and put my lips on her left nipple, and gently touched it with my tongue, and Tina flinched a little, and inhaled sharply through her nose. “That tickles, but it’s better than any tickle I’ve ever felt,” she said. She reached around and put both her arms around my back, as I gently sucked her left nipple. Sucking probably isn’t the proper word, because I just had my lips around it, gently stroking it with my tongue, with the tiniest bit of suction, just enough to hold my lips on it. I felt Tina shudder, and I took my mouth from her breast, and looked at her, and she said, “That’s so nice.”

I felt the need to kiss her mouth, and we kissed in a joint effort, holding the kiss for a few sweet moments, until we broke and I lay back on the pillow beside her. Now Tina rolled over, so she was lying on her stomach, naked, resting her chest on mine, but with her legs on the bed beside me.

“Do you remember what Johnny Hardacre and Miss Vee did after they went back to her room?” she asked, looking me.

I remembered what they had done. He had licked her pussy, she had sucked his cock, and they had fucked in three different positions after that, but I just said, “They,” pausing, not sure how to phrase it, “had oral sex.”

I don’t know why I said, “had oral sex,” instead of “he went down on her,” or “he licked her pussy,” but that’s how I said it, and Tina looked at me with a kind of blank expression, and said, “Yes, Sherlock, they

had oral sex

.” She pulled a solemn face as she said the last three words, and giggled at my awkwardness. I had to giggle, too, and she shook her head, and said, “Sometimes I wonder about you.”

Tina flopped back on her pillow, giggling again, and repeated, “

They had oral sex

,” in a stupid voice, and giggled again, and the two of us lay there giggling for a few moments, until we got over it. After she recovered herself, Tina rolled over to face me again, and got up to rest her chest on mine. “So,” she started, “I was thinking, Jace, do you want to try that?”

Did I want to try that? I would have crawled over broken glass to go down on Tina, but I could hardly believe she was asking me. Before I could even answer, she added, “You seem to like touching me down there, and it feels nice, so maybe you could do it to me, and then I could do it to you.”

I wasn’t all that fussed on having Tina go down on me, but I really wanted to taste her, and I said, “Um, what if I, umm, you know,” pausing, stammering, “in your mouth.”

Tina just smiled and said, “I don’t know. Katy showed me a book that said some girls like it. I’ll never know until I try it.” I looked down at my own crotch, and saw Tina looking down there, too. I took a breath to speak, but I let half of it out without saying anything, and Tina said, “Look, neither of us has anybody else to try it on, so why not try it out with each other?”

“Yeah, okay,” I smiled. It wasn’t that I didn’t want have oral sex with my sister, it was just that I wasn’t sure how she’d like it if I came in her mouth.

Tina moved an little so her face was closer to mine, and said, “In that movie, when I saw those girls sucking the guys’ cocks, it made me get all tingly, like I do when I touch myself, and I got wet down there.”  She kissed me, softly and gently, but a little more moist, and a little warmer than usual, and then drew her face back. The, she said, “Who goes first?”

“Well, you’re the one with your pants off,” I said, trying not to smile, and looking at he naked body, “so how about I do you first?”

“How do you want me?” Tina asked. It goes without saying that I had never licked a girl‘s pussy, but I had probably seen it done in twenty porn videos, both lesbian and straight, so I always thought it would be pretty straightforward when the occasion arose. I looked at Tina, and said, “On your back, I suppose.” She took a deep breath, and rolled onto her back, and I rode that roller coaster for a moment as I looked at her naked body, waiting for me to actually taste her pussy. “I’ve got butterflies,” she said, looking up at the roof.

“So have I” I replied, looking at her pussy, then I added, “A bit, anyway,” understating the truth. I shuffled down to kneel about level with Tina’s belly, and bent over her pussy, gently moving her thighs apart. Then, I placed my mouth at the apex of her triangle of pubic hair, at the top of her slit, and kissed her lightly, inhaling her scent again. Oh, how sexy and exciting that was! Her pink inner lips were just a little puffy, and I first ran my finger along between them, and tasted the tip, looking back at Tina’s face as I did so. She gave me a little smile, and I leant down again, and ran the tip of my tongue down along her inner lips, tasting pussy for the first time in my life.

I probed a fraction deeper with my tongue, and then ran it back the other way, tasting more of Tina’s pussy lips, and more of her juices, with my tongue that little deeper, and I must have brushed her clit with the side of my tongue, because she flinched, and made a throaty “

” sound, then took a deep breath.

Every breath I took was making me more excited, as I inhaled the sexy, sweet, tangy scent of Tina’s pussy, and tasting her was just making it more intense. I decided to change my position, and I sat up, and climbed between her legs, gently moving them apart. Tina’s pussy was now open and exposed to me, and I looked at her face, and she whispered, “Go on, that was nice.” I leaned down, and kissed her on her from the front at the top of her slit, and with my right hand, I gently parted her lips, and licked at the moist recess between her inner lips. I heard Tina sighing, and I knew I was having an effect on her, so I felt pleased with myself, considering it was my first time.

In porn movies, I had seen people gently sucking on a girl’s inner lips, so I tried that, and I was rewarded by a flinch from Tina, and I paused to savour the taste. Then, I moved my mouth a little, to try and suck on her clit, although to be honest, I was not completely sure I had my mouth on it. I could taste the flesh of this very intimate part of Tina’s body, and I used my tongue to scoop some of her juices onto it, so I could gently suck them off, and Tina began to move her pelvis as I moved my lips back and forth just slightly.

The taste, the scent, and just the very knowledge that I was tasting this intensely private part of my sister’s body were making me so more excited than I could ever remember. I moved my head slightly, so I could run my tongue down further, and I gently licked at Tina’s pussy until my tongue was at the entrance to her vagina. I ran my tongue around the opening, and the very gently probed inside, pausing, and allowing myself to taste the inner walls. Then, I ran my tongue back up between her inner lips, until I had my mouth on her clit again.

“You’re really being thorough,” I heard Tina say, and I pulled my head away to speak.

“Do you like it?” I asked.

“It’s beautiful,” Tina said, in a breathy whisper.

“I’ve heard you can make a girl come, doing this,” I said, “But I think it takes practice. I don’t think I can do it.” I smiled, but I was thinking I’d love to make Tina come with my mouth.

“That’s okay,” Tina said, “We know how to make ourselves come.” Then, she added, “Don’t forget, it’s your turn next.” I smiled, but didn’t answer, and just leant back down to gently kiss Tina’s puffy inner lips, just near where they joined at the top

I put my mouth over her clit and it’s hood, mainly so I could taste her there one more time, but I felt her flinch, and sensing that I must have been stimulating her clit in that position, I sucked very gently, and Tina took a shuddering breath, and her pelvis bucked, so I knew I was onto something. “That felt

fantastic!

” Tina said.

I used my tongue again, to scoop some more of Tina’s pussy juice onto her clit, and placed my lips around it again, and moved my head back and forth, just slightly. I put my hands on Tina’s hips to hold her in place if she bucked again, and it only took a few gentle strokes with my mouth, and Tina began to squirm, and she called out, “Jason!

I think I’m gonna cum!”

I held her down a little more firmly with my hands, and kept I moving my head back and forth, with my lips and tongue on her clit, and she started to squirm more vigorously. Then, I heard her say, with an urgent note in her voice, “That’s so good, Jason! I can’t stand it!” then a long “

” sound, as she fought me, trying to lift her pelvis off the bed, and I held her down, with my face pressed into the tangy dampness of her pussy. I was determined to take Tina right through her first orgasm that wasn’t from her own hand, but as she thrust her lovely pussy into my face, lost in her own world of sweet pleasure, I felt a little burst of excitement myself.

I felt Tina relaxing, but my face was still pressed into her pussy, and her thighs were clamped around my head and over my ears. What a wonderful place to be trapped! Her thighs loosened and relaxed, and I sat back, and her first words were a breathless, “You okay?”

I could feel the huge smile on my face, and I said, “You’ve got no idea how good you taste,” and Tina said, “And you’ve got no idea how good that felt.”  She was holding her belly like a child does sometimes when they’ve been tickled, and she said, “When I do it myself, I can control things a bit, but with you doing that, all I could do was let if happen.” She paused and took a breath, and said, “My pussy just exploded! I can hardly move.” She rolled over on her right side, still holding her belly, and pulled her legs up to her chest, then smiled softly, saying, “It’s your turn next. Just let me get my strength back. I’m tingling all over.”

I lay down next to Tina, facing her, and she straightened her legs, and moved closer to me, putting her left arm around me and reaching up to my mouth with her right hand. She gently touched my lips with her hand, stroking them with her thumb a couple of times, and said, “You’re clever, you made me come with your mouth!”

Tina sighed, and said, “It was so nice, with you licking and tasting me, and I could feel your breath and everything, and I’m thinking, like ‘He can do this all night, this is excellent!”  She took a soft, but deep breath, and continued, “And then you started sucking on my clitty, and

Everything just started going crazy down there!” She finished with a sigh.

I slid my left arm underneath Tina’s shoulders, and put my right around her, and we lay there, cuddled together, me fully dressed, and Tina completely naked, for a few minutes, while she got back to normal, then she said, “Now, it’s your turn, Jace. You still want me to go down on you, don’t you?”

I nodded, and said, “Yeah.” I was horny, and wanted to come, but I would have been happy to engage in a dual wank, like we did the week before, now that the ice was broken in that department. Tina sat up, and moved between my legs. “These will have to come off,” she said, undoing the buckle on my belt, and unclipping the stud on my jeans.

Tina unzipped my fly and I lifted my bottom for her to slide my jeans and underpants off, and down my legs. She dropped them on the floor, and turned to my erect cock. Believe it or not, I suddenly felt awkward, with her looking at my equipment, even after the intimacy of touching her pussy, and having lain there with her fully naked, as we had done, but she said, “Look at that!”

Tina touched my cock with right hand, and gently wrapped it around, as she had done with her left hand last week, when she had her brief turn at wanking me, and she smiled. She stroked her dry hand up and down a few times, just holding my cock gently, so there was no friction, and said, “I can’t believe it’s so hard.” The gentle rubbing felt wonderful, and she looked at my face, and said, “I remember those times we went skinny-dipping when I was ten, and when I walked in on you in the shower a couple of times, it was soft. It looks so different!”

Tina put her head down to my cock, and let go of it with her hand, and said, “I’ve only seen this on videos, so I hope I do it okay.” She moistened her lips, and gently kissed the head of my cock, and, smiling, she said, “I made that move up. They never do that on videos.” Then, she licked the head of my cock like it was an ice-cream cone. That felt exquisite.

After a couple of licks, Tina put her lips over the sensitive head of my cock, taking the whole head in her mouth, and she moved her head up and down on it, but taking only the head. That was almost excruciatingly good, and I started to squirm my pelvis, unable to keep still. Tina lifted her head, and said, “Is that good?” She smiled, knowing the answer.

“Almost too good,” I answered, my voice wavering a little. Tina smiled, and went back to what she was doing, just taking the head of my cock in her mouth, and moving her lips up and down, wet with her saliva. The feeling was like a mixture of wanking and being tickled at the same time, and it built up so suddenly, that even though it was good, it was too good, and I had to say, “Stop! Stop! I can’t stand it, either!”

Tina lifted her head again, smiling, and said, “

-si-tive, are we? Just wait till I get the whole thing in my mouth. I might have to ring an ambulance.” She shuffled her bottom around, still on her knees, her head down near my cock, so her bottom and her pussy were now near my left shoulder. “This is making me so wet, Jason, just feel me.”

I looked at Tina’s pussy, and I could see that it was puffy, and glistening with moisture. I’ll be honest here, one of my favourite images to wank over is a picture of a girl from behind, on her knees, head down, arse up, so her pussy is open and exposed like that, and it’s all the better if its juiced up and glistening with fluid, and here was Tina, presenting her pussy exactly like that to me, and going down on my cock at the same time. I reached up, and gently touched Tina between  her inner lips, and then probed the very entrance to her pussy with the first finger of my left hand, and said, “You are wet.” Very gently, I finger-fucked her, but only up to the second knuckle, knowing she was a virgin, and although she was snug, it was very slippery inside.

Tina went back to sucking the head of my cock, but she was being more gentle this time, and it felt great, but I was able to control myself better. I pulled my finger from her pussy and tasted the juice on it, and then put my hand up to continue gently caressing my sister’s pussy, which was pulled wide open by the position she was in.

By now, Tina had a little more of my cock in her mouth, and I knew that if this kept on, I would probably cum before long. The familiar sensations were getting stronger, but the feeling was different just the same, because I wasn’t in control of the whole thing, like I was when I wanked myself. I thought I should warn Tina that she wasn’t far off getting a mouthful of come, if things continued this way.

“Tina,” I said, my voice higher than normal, “Um, Tina,” I said, bringing my voice down to the correct note, “I think I’m gonna cum soon,” but my voice still had a strained sound. Tina nodded, but kept her mouth on my cock, stroking her head up and down. Although she’d never done this before, she seemed to like it, and her pussy was soaking with her fluids.

Tina lifted her head off my cock, and turned to look at me, as I gently caressed and fondled her slippery, wet pussy lips with my left hand, and she said, “This is making me really excited.” She glanced back towards her pussy, and looked back at me, and said, “You know what I mean by excited, don’t you?”

“I’ve got a fair idea,” I answered, looking over at her open pussy, to my left, then back at her. I licked her juice off my fingers, while she was looking at me. She licked her lips.

“I’ve got an idea, too,” Tina said, “Let’s do it.” She looked at me, waiting for my response.

“Do it?” I said, thinking, she can’t mean having sex.

“I mean, having sex, Jason,” Tina said, seriously, “Fucking.”

I had never heard Tina say “fucking “ in my life, but my answer was, “Um, we’ve got no, umm,” pausing, “condoms.” Another stammering pause, “You could get, um, pregnant.”

“My period’s dues next week, so I’m safe,” Tina answered, and then she added, brightly, “We could be each other’s first, and if it’s not really brilliant the first time, it doesn’t matter, because it’s just us.” She smiled, and said, “What do you think?”

I wanted to do this, but it was a pretty big step, bigger than fooling around touching her pussy, exciting as that was, but before I could answer, Tina said, “You can feel how horny I am.” She glanced back at my rampant cock, and said,  “I could just about jump on this thing and help myself at the moment.”

“They say it’s not always good the first time, for a girl,” I said, “and, um,” as close as we were, I was stammering because it was awkward for me to say this, “bleeding and stuff.”

Tina moved up and lay next to me again, on my left, as before, and said, “In Sex Education, they said some girls who touch themselves a lot don’t always bleed the first time, or if they ride pushbikes and stuff.”  She kissed me on the mouth, softly, and said, “I do both,” then kissed me again, paused, and said, “Let’s just make love to each other, and see what it’s like.”

I was practically exploding with excitement, and Tina lay back on the bed, totally naked as she was, while I turned on my left side, naked from the waist down. I started by moving over to kiss Tina’s soft, sweet mouth, holding the kiss while I fondled her left nipple. After kissing her mouth, I moved back and kissed her right nipple, giving it a gentle lick with my tongue while my lips were around it. I drew back, and Tina was watching me expectantly, saying nothing, but as I moved down to give her pussy a little last minute attention before it was fucked for the first time, she tugged at the hem of my shirt and said, “Take your shirt off . Let’s both be naked for this.”

I unbuttoned my polo shirt, and peeled it over my head, dropping it on the floor with the rest of our clothing. Tina smiled sweetly as I moved back towards her pussy, and I leant down and kissed her gently on her belly, then put my face near her pussy, inhaling the scent one more exciting time. I kissed her twice, once in the centre of  her pubic hair, and then again at the top of her slit, then I ran my finger up her open slit, and licked the juice from it, making eye contact with Tina as I did so.

I moved between Tina’s legs, and I gazed down her pussy, which was open, the inner lips puffy, wet, and ready for my cock to enter. The entrance to her pussy was pouting just slightly, and I inserted the first finger of my right hand, gently pushing it in a few strokes until it was right inside her. I had never put my cock inside a girl’s pussy before, and I was only guided by instinct, but I withdrew my finger, and lay down on Tina, taking the weight on my left elbow, and used my hand to guide the head of my cock to her entrance.

“You okay?” Tina whispered, “Will it go in okay?”

I nodded. I was nervous, but unbelievably excited, and I smeared some of Tina’s copious pussy juice on the head of my hard cock, and brought it to entrance, and gently pushed a little. She seemed to flinch slightly, and I had no idea how much resistance there would be, but the head of my cock went in more easily than I expected. I now had the head of my cock inside my sister’s pussy, and I stroked back and forward a tiny amount, just fucking her with the head only. Tina took a sharp breath, and whispered, said, “You’re inside me, Jace”

Instinctively, I seemed to want to start thrusting my cock, but at the same time I was aware this was Tina’s first time, and so I needed to be gentle, so I moved my cock back and forth, just going in a little deeper each time, as the walls of her pussy hugged more of my cock with each movement.

Tina must have thought I was having trouble, but the truth was I half-expected it to hurt her if I started pushing too hard, and she said, “Just push a little harder,” and I said, “I don’t wan to push too hard in case it hurts you.”

“It’s not hurting at all, Jace,” she said, a half smile on her face, “It actually feels good, just push it right in, I’ll tell you if it hurts.”

I followed Tina’s advice, and gave a harder push, and I started work my cock deeper inside her with each push. After a few harder strokes, I could feel that my cock was right inside her. The fit was tight and snug, but Tina was very wet inside, and my hard cock had little trouble in moving back and forth. “I think I’m all the way inside,” I said.

“I know you’re all the way inside,” Tina answered, “I can feel it.” She moved her head up to kiss my mouth, as I thrust my cock gently inside her pussy, and after a coupe of sweet kisses, she took a breath and said, “This feels really fantastic, doesn’t it?”

“Yeah,” I said, as the walls of Tina’s pussy hugged my cock lovingly, “It does, it really feels good.”

“I don’t know if I’ll come,” Tina said, looking me in the eyes as we fucked, but when you want to cum, just go for it, okay?” She took another breath, said, “Just go for it.”

“What  if I hurt you?’ I said, keeping the same rhythm.

“Just do it as hard as you like, and I’ll tell you if anything’s wrong,” Tina smiled, and with her arms around my back, hugging me, she squeezed tighter.

I changed my position a little, and started to thrust harder, faster and a little deeper, and Tina’s eyes widened, and she said, “Jason, that’s good, that’s beautiful!” Her chest shuddered, and she said, “Keep doing it like that!” and took a deep breath through her mouth, and said, “Something happened when you moved. It suddenly got better.”  She wasn’t moving her own pelvis, but was just letting me thrust into her, and holding me to her with her arms.

I was now thrusting fairly vigorously, and the feeling of my cock moving inside Tina’s pussy was amazing. I wanted to cum, and I knew I could have just let it happen, but Tina’s reaction when I changed my position made me think that if I held on a little longer, she might come as well. “Do you want me to do it harder?” I asked.

“Just the way you are,” Tina answered, sounding a little breathless, “It feels so good,, not just in my pussy, but all over.” She moved her arms behind my head, and pulled my head down, and kissed me deeply, lips parted, a hot and sexy kiss that added to my excitement, and said, “Kiss me, Jason, kiss me while you’re doing it!”

Tina and I fucked like that for a minute or so longer, kissing hard, as I thrust my cock into her pussy, our bodies united at our mouths and our pelvises. We were both experiencing the intense pleasure of fucking another person for the first time, and I knew I was close to coming, whether I had satisfied Tina’s needs or not. I could no longer help myself, as my body strove towards the release that it craved, but there was no time to be disappointed, only time to enjoy my orgasm.

Then, suddenly, Tina seemed to jerk her head back, and widen her eyes, and she cried out, “

I think I’m gonna… … “ She didn’t finish, but she started making that whimpering, “Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh,” sound she had made when she came by touching herself, then as I continued thrusting, hardly believing it was happening, Tina closed her eyes, and with her head tossed back, said, “Oh,

” squeezing me tighter with her arms around my back. That was it for me, as Tina’s pussy contracted on my hard, thrusting cock, my own orgasm burst, and I felt myself cumming inside my sister, spurt after spurt, each one accompanied by a liquid bolt of pure, sweet pleasure.

I don’t know how many times my cock spurted inside Tina, but after those few moments of ecstasy, I relaxed, and Tina was breathing hard, with her eyes half closed, and she said, “That was

incredible

“I didn’t think you’d cum,” I said, breathing a little heavily myself, “you surprised me.”

“You surprised

,” Tina replied, “making me cum like that, on your first time, too!” I had to lie down, so I rolled over onto Tina’s left side, and she said, “I think it was because I was so excited, from cumming before, and then going down on you. That made me really horny.” She turned over, onto her belly, and snuggled up to me, with her right arm over my chest and added, “Then, when you changed your position a bit, inside me, it just felt amazing, and I couldn’t help cumming!”

Then, Tina’s face fell, and she put her hand down between her legs, “Oh,” she said, “I’m leaking. There’s a flood down there!” She giggled, and added, “More laundry in the morning.”

Tina and I lay there for a while longer, totally naked, totally satisfied, and then Tina said, “You know what?”

“What’s that?” I asked.

“You and I aren’t virgins any more,” Tina said, quietly, “but neither of us can tell anyone we’ve lost our cherries. Funny isn’t it?”

“Yeah,” I said, smiling, “If it was with anybody else, I’d be telling all my friends tomorrow, but I can’t tell anyone.”

“Our secret,” Tina said. Then, after a moment’s thought, she said, “Although if you drop off to sleep in here, it won’t be a secret much longer if Mum comes home.” She kissed me again, softly and gently on the mouth, holding the kiss, and said, “I hate to kick you out, but you need to be in your bed when Mum comes home. Can’t take any chances.” She smiled as I got up, naked, and picked up my clothes from the floor. As I walked from her room, Tina said, “This is not over.”

I went to my room, tossed my clothes in a heap, and climbed into my own bed, still with the faint taste of pussy on my lips. Two Fridays had come and gone, and a lot had happened in our house, yet outside those walls, no-one would have suspected a thing.  I had to wonder if things would ever be the same again.