PAUL IN THE FARM

BY SUBBOY PAUL

Part 5

When fourteen-year-old Paul arrived at the farm he was met by
Mandy and Sally. Paul had decided to put on some old cloths this
time after having to strip naked to clean the cow shed.
Fourteen-year-old Mandy seemed especially pleased to see him.
"Mum's had to go out this afternoon, so Sally and I are in
charge." she said, looking at her twelve-year-old sister. "Mum
has told us what you have got to do for your work and she said we
could punish you."

"You've got to clear out the stable block." Said Sally, "That's
mostly an indoor type of job, so you can take off all your cloths
before you start." She added with a broad grin on her face.

Paul knew there was no point in arguing with the two and went
with them to the stables. Once there he meekly undressed,
something he had hoped not to have to do until later. As usual
when he had to get naked in front of the girls his prick
hardened. Both girls noticed this but neither said anything.

Mandy was obviously in charge today and set Paul to work clearing
the junk out of the second stall and taking it out to the skip
that was just outside the building. As he worked his prick bobbed
about giving the two girls, who were working in the first stall,
something to look at every time he went past.

As he was walking back into the stable block Sally turned and
watched him. "When he was doing the cow shed Mum said that having
a hard dick like that stopped him from working." She said to her
sister. "Do you think he would work better if he got rid of it
like he did then?"

"Maybe," replied Mandy, "Paul, what do you think?" she asked the
young boy. "If you cum will you be able to work better?"

Paul, who had tried to ignore the girls turned towards them. "I
don't know." He muttered. He enjoyed cumming but wasn't keen on
giving the girls an extra show. "I know, why don't you go and lay
down on those bails of straw and let Sally and me see if we can
make you cum." Mandy suggested.

"I don't know." Was all Paul could manage.

"He doesn't seem to know much, does he?" Sally said. "I think he
just needs us to tell him what to do. Come on little Paule get on
the straw. We do know!" She mocked.

Paul felt helpless in the presence of the two girls so went and
lay down on the bails. The girls moved in and positioned
themselves either side of the naked boy. Mandy knelt up and took
hold of his hard prick and began to rub it up and down.

Sally watched her sister's hand moving along the shaft of Paul's
prick. "It's my turn now." She said to her sister, "I want a go
as well."

Mandy removed her hand from Paul's prick and took hold of his
balls as Sally continued where her sister had left off. With
Sally stroking his young prick and Mandy fondling his balls it
didn't take Paul long to cum. The first spurt of his white fluid
shot out and went past the laying boy's shoulder, the rest landed
on his chest.

"Wow," said Mandy, "that was really cool. We must do this again,
but I want to finish him off next time."

The girls let Paul continue with his work but kept an eye on the
state of his prick. Every now and again one of them would take
the opportunity to stop and talk to him and touch him as he past.
It didn't take long before he began to recover from Sally making
him cum and his prick started to swell and harden.

About two hours after Paul had been made cum Mandy called a halt
to the work. "It's time for your punishment now." She said. "Mum
said you are still due twenty five strokes of the strap and the
cane, but of course as she's not here well have to increase it by
one and a half for strokes I give you and double for Sally. But
if you agree to letting us tie you up and video the proceedings
we will reduce your punishment a bit."

"You won't let anyone else see the tape, will you?" asked a
worried Paul. The opportunity to reduce the amount of punishment
his bottom would receive was very tempting.

"Only Mum," replied Mandy, "she needs to know that you've been
properly punished."

"Ok then, where do you want me?"

"I think the best place is over the old saddle rail, it should
come just about at waist height so you can bend over that. Also
we can tie your hands to the post in front and your legs to the
supports." Mandy said.

The girls got the camera out and set it up on a tripod. "It will
get a good view here," said Mandy. "But we will move it about as
the punishment continues."

Paul positioned himself as Mandy had described. His waist did
indeed come level with the well-worn rail that had been used to
support saddles. The girls tied his wrists together then tied a
rope to the post in front of him; the naked boy was now bent over
almost at ninety degrees. They then tied a rope around each of
his legs and made him separate his legs until his feet were over
two feet apart.

Next Sally took a long broad leather strap and secured his body
to the saddle rail. "I don't he will move far now will he." She
said with some pride. "I think we should get some close ups of
him." She added as she took the camera off it's support.

Sally moved round in front of Paul and zoomed in on the rope
holding his hands to where it was tied to the post. She then
panned along the rope to his wrists where she paused for a bit.
"Look towards the camera." She instructed Paul as she began to
zoom out. Paul did so and she got a long shot of his face. Sally
moved around the end of the saddle rail taking in a view of Paul
from the side then she zoomed in to the strap that held him
against the rail. As Sally moved towards Paul she panned the
camera down his back to his naked buttocks, which were spread
apart giving the camera a clear view of his puckered anus. Once
behind Paul she squatted down so that she could get a better shot
between his wide-open legs to where his balls hung down and his
pick stood out firmly underneath him.

Sally then crawled under the rail to get a close up of his prick.
"Mandy, why don't you put your hand on his dick." she suggested
to her sister. Mandy put her hand on Paul's hard prick. "That's
good." She said. "Just rub it up and down a bit."

Sally let her sister rub Paul's prick for a bit while she videoed
the action, then she got out from her position under the rail and
stood behind the naked, bound boy. "Why don't you start spanking
him with your other hand." She said to Mandy who was still
playing with Paul's prick. "If I kneel down behind him I will be
able to see you spanking him and I should be able to see you
other hand playing with his dick, that should make a good shot."

Mandy began her spanking of the young boy. Paul's mind soon went
from the pleasure of having his prick played with to the pain of
having his bottom spanked. After a bit Mandy stopped her spanking
and removed her hand from Paul's prick. "It's your turn to spank
him now." She said to Sally. "Put the camera on the tripod." She
suggested as she mover the tripod to a position to the side and
just behind the bending boy.

Sally placed the camera as her sister had suggested and continued
Paul's spanking. She gave Paul about twenty more spanks landing
them mostly on the bottom part of his buttocks.

Mandy picked up the strap. "As you've agreed to let us tie you
down we wont increase the number of strokes when we give you
Mum's share. So I'll give you one of Mum's strokes then my three.
Sally will give you the other one of Mum's strokes then her four.
I think that's fair, don't you?"

Paul didn't think it was vary fair at all, after all it wasn't
his fault Julie wasn't there and he didn't see the offer as a
reduction in his punishment. On the other hand he didn't think
the offer was open for negotiation so he said nothing.

Swish, splat. Mandy brought the strap down square across Paul's
buttocks without warning. Paul let out a gasp but was tied so
tight he couldn't move. Three more times Mandy let the strap
swing and land on his naked backside adding to the heat already
there before she handed it over to her sister.

Sally moved in towards the bending boy. "Why don't you move the
camera and get some close up shots as I strap him. I'm going to
aim low so you know where to point the camera." She said as she
moved to Paul's left.

Mandy took the camera and knelt down behind Paul. The viewfinder
was filled with an image of the lower part of his spread buttocks
and his upper thighs. In the centre Mandy could clearly see his
arse hole. Suddenly the strap appeared and landed low on the
naked right cheek. As the strap went back out of view the camera
caught the movement of Paul's buttocks clenching and unclenching.
The next stroke landed on the left thigh and wrapped round the
inside. Paul turned his leg in and out closing and opening his
arse hole as he did so. The camera caught it all. Strokes three
and four landed a little higher and the action was recorded for
posterity. Sally's last stroke landed on the top of Paul's right
thigh and curled round the inside. This made Paul wriggle and
squirm even more, Mandy could see his prick bobbing up and down
under him. As the movement ceased Mandy zoomed out from the close
up of the naked backside to take in a view of Paul tied down and
Sally stood next to him with the strap in her hand.

"Just take hold of his dick for a bit." Suggested Mandy to her
younger sister. "I'll move to his right so I can see what you're
doing." She added as she moved round the naked, bound fourteen
year old as Sally slid her hand underneath him and began to play
with his prick. Mandy videoed her sister and Paul, slowly she
lowered her position until she was looking up at the scene before
her. From this position she could see her sister's hand on Paul's
prick and her head and shoulders above the naked boy's back. She
let Sally play for a bit before calling a halt.

"I think he's beginning to enjoy that a bit too much," Mandy said
to her sister, "I think you had better stop so that we can get on
with giving him his first dose of the cane. It will be the same
number of strokes as with the strap." She announced. "That's four
from me and five from Sally. Are you ready?"

Paul wasn't ready for the cane, all that playing with his prick
had really heightened his senses and made him nearly ready to
cum. He didn't answer Mandy's question, as he knew they wouldn't
take any notice. He just gritted his teeth and waited for the
first stroke of the cane. Mandy didn't make him wait long and
Paul felt the first sharp cut of pain as the cane landed square
across both of his buttocks.

Tied, as he was Paul was unable to move his hips forward in
response to the sting of the cane, but his attempts to do so
meant that he actually moved his body away from the rail and made
his bottom stick up even more. Mandy saw this and took her
opportunity to land stroke number two quickly. It came in a
little lower than the previous stroke. This time Paul jerked his
hips forward against the saddle rail. Sally, who had picked up
the camera, made sure she recorded the action. Mandy let Paul
stop moving before landing strokes three and four in quick
succession. The two rapid strokes made Paul lift his feet against
the straps that held them apart.

"Not bad sis," said Sally once Paul had stopped his little dance,
"you made him feel that."

Mandy smiled as she handed the cane over to her younger sister.
"Are you going for the low down approach again?" she asked.
"Because if you are I'll move the camera to get a better view."

"I think so, it seems that he doesn't like getting his thighs
punished." Sally replied as she took up her position to Paul's
right. Sally tapped the cane against Paul's naked thighs. Each
time she did so Paul flinched expecting the cane to whistle in.
When Sally did eventually bring the cane down against Paul's
thighs the boy jumped as far as his bonds would let him. Sally
quickly whipped the cane in twice more. She then let the cane
rest against Paul's upper thighs, gently sawing it backwards and
forwards working upwards until it was rubbing right in the crease
where his thighs met his buttocks. "I wonder if I can land the
next stroke here?" She asked no one in particular.

Sally took the cane away a little then tapped it back against her
target several times, then, when she was happy with her aim
brought it in almost horizontally. The extra effort Sally put
into the stroke made it land a little higher than she had hoped,
but still had quite an effect on Paul and his buttocks squeeze
together then relax apart several times. Mandy, who was knelt
behind the naked bending boy, captured all the action in close up
with the video camera. Sally took aim again the whisked the cane
in. This time she found her target and the cane landed right in
the crease.

Paul gave out a yell and his hips moved up and down while his
legs moved in and out so violently that Mandy had to zoom out a
bit to make sure she captured all the action. "Wow!" She said,
"That certainly made him dance about. Look at the way he's
bucking."

The girls let Paul rest for a while and videoed him from every
angle as he was tied up over the saddle rail. "Let's tie him in a
different position." Suggested Sally. "We can't see his dick very
well in this position. I want to be able to see it bobble about
when he moves his hips about."

"OK." Agreed her sister; "If we tie his arms to that low beam
over the old stall entrance we can tie his feet to the posts.
That way we can walk all around him."

Sally, who had the camera, put it on the tripod and the two girls
began to untie Paul. As he stood up Mandy took up the camera.
"Take hold or the rope that's tying his hands together and lead
him around a bit. I want to get some footage of him walking
around." She said to her sister. "That's it. Now take him
outside." She added as she videoed the naked young boy being lead
about by her twelve-year- old sister. "That looks quite good."

Sally led Paul around the farmyard for about five minutes while
her sister recorded the degrading action. Then she lead him back
into the stable block and to the beam where she neatly through
the rope over the beam and tied it up. Mandy placed the camera on
the tripod in front of the naked Paul and helped her sister to
tie his feet to the posts so that they were about two and a half
feet apart. Mandy ran her hand up the front of Paul's leg and
cupped his balls. She played with them for a while then took hold
of his erect prick and gave it a few gentle strokes. Sally had
moved to the camera and zoomed in on Paul's crutch and her
sister's hand.

"Enough of this," Mandy said, "it's time for the strap to visit
your bottom again." With this she let go of Paul's prick and took
up position to his left with the strap in her hand. Sally zoomed
back out so that the camera could see the naked boy from head to
toe. As the strap came in against his bottom Paul jerked his hips
forward just as Sally had wanted to see. As Paul moved his hips
back Mandy swung the strap forward again. Paul's hips shot
forward in response. Again as he moved back Mandy landed the
strap across his naked backside. This time as Paul's hips moved
forward Sally zoomed the camera in to capture the movement of his
prick as it jerked up and down. Paul was slower moving his hips
back and Mandy had to delay her last stroke with the strap. When
it landed it was further to the right and end of the strap curled
around the outside of Paul's thigh. This made Paul move his hips
not only forward but also from side to side.

Sally, who was still videoing the action from the front was
treated to the site of Paul's prick swinging from side to side.
"Yes!" she exclaimed, "wow! see his dick wave about. That was the
best action yet." Sally watched until Paul stopped his action and
retained his position. "His dick is still very hard." Sally said
as she moved towards the boy and took hold of the topic of her
comments. "I think it's harder now than before."

Sally continued to fondle Paul's prick with her right hand whilst
taking the strap from her sister with her left one. Suddenly she
brought it in and landed it low against Paul's bottom. Paul
wasn't expecting this and Sally was rewarded by the boy pushing
his hips forward and his prick through her hand. Sally decided
that she would continue to hold Paul's prick as she strapped him.
This had two conflicting effects on Paul, firstly the strap
didn't land as hard because Sally was stood much closer to him
than normal, and secondly every time he moved his hips forward he
was pushing his very sensitive prick through Sally's hand. In an
attempt to stop the action of Sally's hand on his prick the naked
boy pushed his hips backwards so that his backside stuck out.
During Sally's slow strapping and fondling of Paul Mandy had not
been idle. She had moved the camera from the front to the side.
She could see all the action from her new position and made sure
she recorded it for future viewing.

Sally finished her allocation of whacks with the strap but was
reluctant to let go of Paul's prick. Eventually Mandy decided she
was keen to get at Paul with the cane in this new position. "Come
on Sally, let go of his dick. You can have another feel after
we've finished caning him. Do you want to record him from the
back, the front or the side?"

Sally let go of Paul and thought about the question her sister
had posed. "I think I'll start with a back view" she replied
"then, as you cane him, I'll move round to the side so that I can
see you in action, and finally move to his front. You'll have to
space the stokes out as you've only got four to give him."

Mandy let her sister get in position behind the naked boy before
she gently laid the cane on the target area. Paul flinched as
soon as he felt the thin cane touch his bare bum cheeks. Mandy
took her time, gently sawing the cane across the tender red
flesh. Sally was knelt down behind Paul and had zoomed the camera
in to get a close up of the cane against skin. Mandy looked at
her sister and caught the youngster's eye. Sally stood up and
zoomed out so that she could see all the action. Mandy lifted the
cane and brought it back hard against Paul's backside. Paul
thrust his hips forward away from the pain. Sally let him settle
before she started to move round to the side. Mandy took her
queue from her sister. Once Sally was in position with the camera
she took the cane back and swung it forwards against Paul's
bottom. Paul thrust his hips forward causing his prick to bob
about in front of him. Sally zoomed the camera in caught the
action. "Again" she said and Mandy hit Paul again before he could
get his hips back. The effect was that Paul's prick waved around
even more. "Quick another!" cried Sally. Mandy did her sister's
bidding making Paul arch his back and push his prick out even
further. "Give him one of mine!" Sally urged her sister. Mandy
was enjoying her task and was happy to do so. Paul gave a yell
and tried to move even further forward. Sally moved to Paul's
front and captured the scene of Paul thrusting his hips forward.

Paul wasn't sure whether he was going to get another stroke from
Mandy and took a while to settle his hips back into a more normal
position. Sally kept the camera zoomed in on Paul's erection that
was still waving about in front of him as Mandy let the cane rest
against his bottom. Paul had his eyes closed and didn't see Sally
nod to her sister. Mandy took the cane away from Paul's bottom
before quickly whisking it in. Paul's hips flew forward and his
feet almost left the floor as the pain went through his body.

"That's enough from me." Said Mandy. "I want to watch while you
give him your remaining three strokes. Where are you going to
aim?"

"I'll try and go in low." Sally replied. "If you stand a bit to
his side you should get some good shots."

The two girls took up position. Sally took aim and landed the
cane across the top of Paul's left thigh. The tip wrapped round
the outside and Paul did a dace on the spot. Sally's next stroke
landed on the right hip and went round inside. Paul was even more
animated at this.

Sally wanted to make her time last and moved up close to Paul.
She placed the cane against the boy's sore, naked bottom and
gently took hold of his erect prick with her right hand. "You're
still hard." She said. "I would have thought that all this caning
would have made you soft but it hasn't. Do you like getting the
cane?"

Paul didn't answer but his breaths came in sobs.

"Well do you?" Sally pressed. "Or do you just like showing your
body off to us girls?" She asked as she gave his prick an extra
rub.

"I don't like either." Paul answered between sobs. "I can't help
my dick being hard."

"Well just one stroke more to come." Sally said as she let go of
the subject of their conversation. "Stick your bottom out and get
ready."

Not wanting to upset the young girl Paul did as she had bid him
and stuck his bottom out ready for the cane. Sally lined up the
join between thigh and buttocks and whisked the cane in right on
target. Paul gave out a yell and wriggled his hips about. He no
longer cared that Mandy was taping his actions.

When Paul had finished his gyrations, brought about by Sally's
accurate attack on the crease between his buttocks and his hips
Mandy placed the video camera on the tripod in front of and
slightly to Paul's left. She made sure that Paul was well in
focus then moved round to his right. She placed her right hand on
Paul's belly and began to move it down. "Well Paul, the time has
come for me to have a play with your dick. Do you think you'll
enjoy this?"

"I..I..I suppose so." Sobbed Paul as Mandy's hand moved onto his
prick.

"Sally why don't you stand behind him, right up close and put you
arms around him." Suggested Mandy.

Sally moved close to Paul as her sister had suggested. Mandy
began to slowly stroke Paul's hard prick. "I don't want to do
this too quickly." Said Mandy. "I've never played with a boy's
dick before."

Mandy played with Paul's prick and Sally pressed herself up
behind him and stroked his chest for a while. Then Sally moved
away and went to the camera. "I want to get a close up of him
shooting his stuff." She said to her sister as she zoomed the
camera in so that Paul's groin filled the screen. She could see
her sister's hand moving up and down Paul's shaft and could see
the foreskin covering and uncovering the bulge at the end of his
prick. Paul's breath began to alter and soon he came, shooting
his cum up and out, three, four, five spurts shot out and Sally
captured it all on tape.

"Well done Mand!" Sally shouted, "Mum'll be pleased with that.
Wait until we show her he tape."

"Um" Said Mandy, who had enjoyed playing with Paul's prick, but
was sure there was something missing as the itch between her
thighs had got more intense. "I suppose we had better untie him
and let him get dressed and go home."

Once untied Paul dressed and left the farm glad to be away, but
knowing he had to go back for at least one more punishment
session.

