This is the first time I m writing on net and thnx to Kerala erotica.. just to let you know all that i was mentioned of this great site while chatting on yahoo and i was recommended to visit once and i did so .... believe me since then i have become fan and very very regular.
 
well to begin the true story which happened to me a year and half back..before i start i must tell you bout myself, i am a happily married man of 34yrs ataying at delhi and i m a punju, i have a sister in law (wife's sister)of 24years, her name is prerna.
 
Freinds, she is just wonderful 34-25-34 and 5'3" , fair and with beautiful lips and killing smile, she calls me jiju..after i got married since then she had an attraction towards me and keeps mentioning & praising bout me in her freinds circle .. honestly speaking and not trying to boost bout myself i am 5'11' and very handsome.
 
whenever we used to chat she wud often look at her boobs and look in my eyes but i never made any kind of remark or never showed any kind of interst as i was scared of the relationship .. although i have a pretty wife too.
 
Once she had come to my place and i had a couple of drinks and then had dinner, her marriage was fixed then and she was to get married in november and we were in august that time.. we were just joking and my wife was in kitchen and suddenly she asked me jiju..i m very scared bout how my 2 be husband wud be .. i mean wud he be as loving as u are and (she was impressed as my wife used to discuss me that how good i m in bed).
I said prerna dont have to worry .. it happens with everyone and we finished dinner .. she decided to say back at our place as the next day was sunday and we all decided to have a good time .. 
 
we went to bed at 1 am and my wife was sleeping in between and me and prerna in the corners ..i pretended to sleep in and she and my wife were still talking..i heard them talking of her 1st nite plans and my wife was telling her experiences with me and she was explaining in details how everything happened and she was listening carefully and i think she was also in the same mood as i was.
I think we both were thinking of each other and i was getting a hard on imagining to screw a virgin.
i dont know when i went to sleep in her thoughts and when i got up it must be around 6 in the morning...my wife has a habbit of going for morning walk early and i think they had decided to go together as she was trying to wake her and prerna said "didi.. i cant go as it is we kept talking till 3 am and i am feeling sleepy" please you carry on.
and my heart was bouncing .. i knew that my wife wudn't come for another 45 mts.
once she left .. i still pretended to be asleep but spread my left arm in her direction,...she thought i was in sleep and she also pretended as if she is sleeping and placed her leg on mine.
my dick was erect and i was weraing a nite suit and i turned towards her ...she too turned and her right boob was placed right on my palm..i cud see her perfect figure from the light coming from the window behind us.
i simply remove my hand which was beneath her boob and placed on her elbow .. (she was sleeping on her hand folded ) and i continued to move my fingures on her clean and hairless arm.. and then i took my hand to her face and put my index finger in her ear.
she was hot ... & moaned bu continued to pretend as in her sleep ...
gradually i took my hand down to her boobs and she was wearing my wife's nightie....i put my hand inside and started carressing the two beatuiful assessts of hers .. mmmmmmmm then i started squeezing her long erect nipples.. and removed her nightie .. even now ..she said nothing and ..was sleeping..the moment i touched down there ..her panty which was already wet .. she got up and embraced me so tight ..and asked me not to stop and do it.. as she has been fantasisnn of me ever since i have become her jiju.
i removed her panty and it was wonderful piece of clean shaven pussy..i was so thrilled .. i decided to give a lick but she stopped me ..and she was rite too as my wife cud have cum anytime.. 
she said she wants me in., i hesitated as she was to get married and asked her sweetheart we wud do once u r married .. i want you 2 remain virgin..but she immediately responded by saying i want to lose anything to you but not to someone whom i dont know..
Well ...i didn't wait and gave her such a nice fuck .. she bleeded .. but i had kept a towel underneath anticipating the same.
and the towel was red .. and after the things got over she gave me a nice hug and thnxed me for everything.
 
she got married and before her marriage amaybe a week prior o her wedding we had sex again .,../ and she gave birth to a healthy male child in july... and .. god only knows ..or the dna can only prove .. but she is sure ..that it is mine and .. says .. she purposly met me just before her wedding.. and didn't let her husband use a condom..
neway...i believe her .
p