The WOPI Chronicles (MC, Fdom, Fm, Ff, Preg)
by Homer Vargas
Comments Please to Vargas111@yahoo.com 

Chapter 10 Teresa and Alexi

This was turning out to be the best vacation ever. Teresa 
wished she could remember what argument she had used to 
persuade Rutherford to send her to this island "to 
unwind," all expenses paid, and for as long as she wanted 
to stay. Her cottage was comfortable and spacious. The 
sky was blue, the water was green, the sand was white and 
the boys were hunky and plentiful. Case in point, the 
young Adonis sleeping in her bed this morning, Ricardo, 
or Roberto, or Rodrigo. She hadn't paid much attention to 
his name when she picked him up last night in the disco 
of the hotel at the far end of the island. She knew he 
spoke Spanish and danced Latin. That had been enough for 
then. Teresa bought the drinks because she was pretty 
sure his allowance wouldn't cover them. She suspected his 
mother might wonder where he had spent the night, but 
Mother needn't have worried. Teresa had taken good care 
of her son last night - and vice versa.

Teresa had a ball with R., dancing salsa and meringue and 
cha-cha with him until 3 AM. Then she brought him back to 
her bungalow when the fun REALLY began. Teresa was amazed 
that a mere boy could have such a talented tongue. She 
wondered if one of his high-school teachers had taught 
the lad how to eat a grown woman's pussy. Whoever she 
was, Teresa wanted to shake the woman's hand! R. had her 
coming non-stop even before he began to fuck her. Ah, 
youth! He screwed her three times to Lord knows how many 
climaxes before finally collapsing. She was too grateful 
for his service last night and too good a sport to 
attempt to roust him again this morning, thought her 
ever-eager pussy sure needed some morning attention. He 
deserved to rest, poor baby.

Teresa knew she was going to like this island from the 
very first day. She had noticed how the burly taxi driver 
who was waiting at the airport to take her to the resort, 
appreciated a curvy young woman in a mini. As he 
continued to glance at her through the rear-view mirror, 
Teresa just got hotter and opened her legs to give him 
something more worthwhile to glance at.

About halfway down the mountain toward the beachside 
resort, Teresa decided the distraction was making his 
driving dangerously erratic. In the interest of road 
safety she told him to pull over and let her fuck his 
eyes out. She sat Trevor down on the wide back seat (Love 
those old British cabs!) and sat herself down on his 
thick, satisfying prick. Putting her arms around his neck 
for stability she bounced happily on his massive member 
while his mouth busied itself with her tits. When she 
finished with him she was glad she had chosen the scenic 
overlook. Several other vehicles had stopped to overlook 
the scene of a small brown woman fucking a large back man 
like a nympho bunny.

Interestingly, there were few other guests at the resort, 
mostly women. In the cottage next to her was Alexi, a 
large but well-built older woman whom Teresa gathered was 
taking time off from some kind of executive position. 
Apparently Alexi didn't take chances and had brought her 
staff assistant. From the sounds coming from the cottage 
most nights, Teresa surmised that his staff was of 
considerable assistance.

Not that Alexi was exclusive. In the clubs Teresa and 
Alexi frequented, the two women had a kind of friendly 
rivalry for the attention of the young swains that 
swarmed over both of them. Usually it worked out that 
Teresa scarfed up someone in his twenties or younger and 
Alexi took home a nice thirties-something. Sometime, 
though, they both went after the same guy and Teresa 
didn't always win. Teresa could understand that; some men 
couldn't pass up the opportunity to get lost in Alexi's 
ample expanses of hips and bosom. Besides, Alexi had one 
slightly unfair advantage that Teresa could hardly 
begrudge; Alexi always wore clothes skimpy enough to show 
she was a little bit pregnant.

Teresa put some money in an envelope for R., gave his 
cock a little kiss and left to prowl. She thought of 
calling room service; the server was always a delicious 
boy, but she didn't want to disturb R's sleep. Besides, 
Teresa seldom had trouble finding a gardener or a bellboy 
or a lifeguard for a mid-morning romp. It was a great way 
to settle down for a nap because by ten or so, Teresa's 
late night was catching up with her. Later, she almost 
always had more wine with her lunch than she intended and 
it made her sleepy again. Seldom, however, did she have 
to take her siesta alone.

Teresa looked down at the date on her watch. It had been 
exactly two weeks since ...Suddenly she shook herself, 
almost violently and looked around. It had been exactly 
two weeks since she had been betrayed! For a moment fury 
boiled up against David for having seduced her, leaving 
her vulnerable to hypnosis by that witch Claire, but she 
realized he was totally in the woman's power and could 
have done nothing less.

She remembered everything, including all the parts Claire 
wanted her to forget. Fortunately, Teresa's post-hypnotic 
suggestion from a self-hypnosis session before entering 
the WOPI compound had kicked in to break the spell. She 
knew where she was and WHAT this place was. She would 
have to find and un-condition Alexandra. But first she 
would have to deal with Alexandra's minder, Charlie. 
Foolishly, Claire had mentioned him as she gloated over 
how she had dealt with Alexandra before putting Teresa 
under that afternoon.

Having her mind back didn't negate the effects of the 
testosterone patch under Teresa's armpit, however and 
there was no way to remove it until she was off the 
island. She still needed to get laid. Well, she didn't 
want to do anything out of her new character, anyway. 
Tonight was many hours away and her pussy needed some 
masculine attention, now! She closed the door of the 
cabin and had started for the beach when she saw him: 
tall, blond and with something very interesting in those 
Speedos. Teresa licked her lips.

*****

Charlie wasn't hard to find. Teresa knew Alexandra's 
favorite nightspots; there weren't all that many. About 
22:00 that night she spotted Alexandra's "assistant" 
sitting at a table in the back of "Y-not?" eyeing 
Alexandra who was already on the dance floor with a lanky 
blond kid. She imagined his job was to stand by, ensuring 
that Alexandra had a bedmate in case she didn't fancy any 
of the local talent that night. Probably something in 
Alexandra's conditioning, and her own until she broke it, 
required constant sexual satisfaction to keep her under 
control. It didn't look like Charlie was going to be 
needed tonight; Alexandra was all over the boy and the 
kid was in heaven.

"Girlfriend abandon you?" Teresa asked with a smile and 
bit of sympathy as she sat herself down beside him. The 
man was himself probably under Claire's control, but 
unless he was a zombie, he had to miss Alexandra's arms 
and body on nights like this.

"A little too old to be my 'girlfriend,'" he replied he 
sniffed. "She's my boss."

Teresa didn't challenge him; that was the truth, after 
all. "The difference in ages doesn't seem to bother her. 
Don't you mind seeing the boss getting hers from a kid 
instead of her faithful employee?" Teresa asked.

"She's just the boss," he lied.

"She has the cottage next to mine. More often than not 
she's with you. I've heard her; you must be a very 
valuable employee," Teresa teased. "Whatever. Does that 
leave you free for the night?" Teresa leaned closer. "I'd 
love to dance."

"Sure," he said and offered her his hand.

For the next four hours Teresa let the music move them. 
At first hot Latin rhythms then techo beat drenched them 
in perspiration but later the orchestra turned to slower, 
more romantic tunes. Teresa melted happily into Charlie's 
arms and felt his manhood respond to her firm shapely 
body. This was going to be fun!

Glancing over into a corner Teresa saw Alexandra with her 
skirt rucked up and her blouse open. She was near 
(another?) orgasm from a dandy little finger fuck as her 
partner sucked and fondled her tits. She would be taking 
her night's find home soon. Charlie must have noticed 
too. "She doesn't need you tonight, Charlie," Teresa 
whispered, "but I do. Let's go."

As she led him back to her cottage, her hip bumping 
seductively against his, Teresa wondered just how strong 
Claire's conditioning of the young man was. She was going 
to enjoy finding out. As soon as she closed the door 
behind them she attacked his mouth hungrily. Charlie knew 
he hadn't come here to play gin rummy and kissed her back 
with passion, his hands immediately finding Teresa's 
breasts.

The erotic dance preceded as choreographed by a million 
years of DNA. Both partners were soon naked and Teresa 
wasted no time in leading Charlie to her bed. Her 
ulterior motive did nothing to reduce her excitement at 
taking the strong, handsome man into her arms. His 
erection showed his arousal was equally genuine. She 
briefly considered letting him eat her, but decided to 
get straight to the main event. Her only indulgence was 
to make sure she was on top. He didn't object; Claire 
probably enjoyed fucking him that way, too.

The well-trained muscles of Teresa's pussy quickly 
brought Charlie close to orgasm. "You want to come for 
me, don't you baby?" she asked without expecting a reply. 
"It feels good to just lie there and let me make you 
come." He was going under quickly. Apparently his 
vulnerability to Fdom sex was not exclusive to Claire. "I 
know you need it, baby. It's OK I'm going to give you 
just what you need. Relax, Charlie. Relax and let me fuck 
you. Relax and let me make you come. You need a good cum 
baby to make you sleep. Come for me Charlie. Come!"

She held off her own orgasm as she felt him explode 
inside her and his breathing grew weak. His erection 
subsided only slowly. Lucky girl, Claire, Teresa though. 
She hated taking advantage of men this way, but she had 
to. Maybe some other time it would be different. Placing 
her lips beside the ear of the sleeping man, she began to 
speak. Only when her commands been given and tested did 
she at last slid a hand into her spermy twat. She came 
hard at the first touch of her clitoris and settled down 
for the night beside Charlie.

******

About 10:00 the next day Teresa was looking out he window 
of her cabin. She saw Charlie enter Alexandra's unit as 
she had instructed him. Soon the lanky blond kid from 
last night beat a hasty exit. Yes, yes. So far, according 
to script. The first sounds to emerge from the cabin next 
door were angry. Teresa giggled. Did Alexandra have the 
kid fucking her when Charlie entered? She wasn't worried. 
From her own reactions to the hormone patch, she knew 
Alexandra couldn't stay angry long at a male that had 
come to fuck her, or do anything about it, even if she 
were still mad. At 10:10 she heard Alexandra squeak. 
Charlie was a fast worker. Teresa wasn't really 
surprised. Charlie had many weeks' experience of screwing 
the older woman. He knew all her hot buttons.

By 10:20 the only sounds from Alexandra's cabin were 
periodic little yelps of pleasure. Teresa could only 
imagine what Charlie's tongue was doing to Alexandra, but 
she obviously liked it. When this was all over Teresa 
intended to give Charlie a big reward. Another ten 
minutes and Alexandra would be more than ready. Not too 
proud to borrow a technique from her adversary, Teresa 
checked the tape on her walkman and the battery of the 
vibrator and waited.

To be continued

Comments please to Homer Vargas
I would enjoy exchanging ideas about future directions 
for this story.

Vargas111@yahoo.com

