Ball Girls Wanted
by Persephone

"Ball Girls Wanted! Make BIG $$!! Apply at Shady Pines Golf Course. AWSOME cards required if under 15."

Nikki Watson and her friend Tina Maywright read the ad together on Tina's phone as they snuggled together under the blanket on a sleepover. Nikki was 14, the older of the two friends by one year. They were both nude in Nikki's bed, a loose pile of discarded clothes on the floor.

"Ball Girl. Huh. I know that a ball boy, like in tennis courts, his job is to pick the tennis ball up and throw it to the players," Tina said. "But golf balls are tiny! And golf courses are so big! 

Are we supposed to find those little golf balls in like the grass and stuff?"

"I dunno, maybe? Or we just stand around and look cute, and give the player a new ball when he wants it?"

"Isn't that the caddy's job? Like with knowing which club he needs?"

"Yeah I guess. Shady Pines Golf Course. I know where that is. My Daddy used to mow grass there. Wanna go check it out?"

"Sure! Dunno why they need to see my AWSOME card though. All it's for, Barb told me at school, is to get you into adult shows at clubs an stuff. I got mine on my birthday. I've ever used it."

Two days later, Nikki and Tina hopped on their bicycles and went to visit the golf course. The club house looked like a big mansion, with a row of golf carts lined up along one side of the buiding. Nikki pulled her skirt down like her Mother told her, so guys wouldn't think she was easy. Tina checked her hair in her little bicycle mirror.

They knocked on the big wooden doors, then Nikki saw a doorbell next to a brass plate that read, "Ring for Service". A moment later the door opened silently - Tina was expecting a horror-movie creak - and a thin, older man with glasses smiled at them and ushered them inside.

"Hi, we came about the Ball Girl ad?" Nikki said hopefully. 

"I've got it on my phone," Tina added hopefully, skimming pictures on the screen.

"Yes, you've come to the right place," the old man said, "please, follow me."

His thumb skipped a little bit against the edge of his hand as he led the two girls through carpeted, mahogany hallways to a room with four padded leather armchairs and an immense wooden desk. A window looked out over the patio lunch buffet and the lush golf course behind it.

"Wait here, please," he said, closing the big door.

"Wow, what a creepy old guy!" Nikki said as soon as he disappeared.

"This place is huge! How much money you think they got?" her friend wondered.

"Enough that nobody here has to worry about it," a man said as he opened the door. He was balding, with a wide belly concealed by a well tailored suit.

"Hello girls, my name is Morgan Lynch. I'm the staff manager for Shady Pines. You came about the ball girl positions?"

"Yeah. Big money? I'm cool with that. What do we do? How much do you pay per hour? Are there benefits?" Tina's father had made her promise to ask these three questions.

"My, aren't we the little business tycoon? Okay, first, your job is to accompany players on the course, keep them company and see that their needs are met."

"See, Tina? Look cute and hand them a new golf ball. Shout "four!", whatever that means."

Mr Oliver gave Nikki an endearing smile, and continued. "You don't make an hourly wage, you are paid in cash tips by the players themselves. We don't record it, so no taxes are filed. You keep everything."

"Sweet! How much we talking about?"

"Depending on how well you perform your duties, some Ball Girls can go home with as much as six hundred dollars in a single day."

"Six.....HUNDRED.....bucks....in a DAY?" Nikki asked, her eyes like saucers.

"Yes, possibly. One of our girls last year, Paula, was taking home over eight hundred dollars a day and she was only twelve."

"Jeezus. And, benefits?" Tina asked.

"Well since you're not actually on golf course payroll you don't qualify for paid benefits, but I can assure you that if anything happens to you while you're here, we'll cover all expenses, no questions asked. We look after our Ball Girls."

"Sweet! Six hundred bucks a day, sign me up!"

"Now, we are concerned about your health. We'll be asking you to do a lot of walking, running, and kneeling... so we need to examine you." Both girls sat before the desk and nodded obediently while he paused. "Would you mind taking off all your clothes?"

"Um... I'm sorry? What?"

"Take your clothes off please. We need to confirm that you are in good health. Examine you."

Tina paused, suddenly apprehensive. Her father hadn't told her about this...

"Shouldn't there be like a, a nurse, you know? Here?"

Mr Lynch stood up in what he hoped was a non-threatening manner.

"I used to be a physician, before I joined the staff here. I'm qualified to perform examinations."

"Oh, um...okay."

Tina and Nikki glanced at each other, a little unsure what to do. They enjoyed hanging out together nude at home and looking at nude pictures on their phones, but this was different. This was more personal; and they were in the office of some guy they didn't know.

"Hey, this guy just said we'd get like six hundred bucks a day, right?" Nikki whispered to her friend, "No way he'd do anything creepy weird. Let's go along with it, make it a game. If it does get pervy we can leave. We were never here. Cool?"

Tina thought about it a moment and nodded slowly, still not entirely convinced.

"Ohh-kay," she said quietly, taking Nikki's hand.

"Just leave our clothes on a chair?" she asked.

"That's fine, yes."

Tina and Nikki looked at each other and began unbuttoning their tops, slipped them off and put them on the chair. Tina had her fingers on the clasp of her bra when she realized how badly she was shaking.

"I don't know..."

"Six hundred bucks, Tina! Go for it!" Nikki said brightly. She slipped her bra off and laid it over her shirt. Mr Lynch watched with interest as both girls revealed their budding young boobs, and their rosy pink nipples. Tina was shivering as she knelt down to slip her shoes and socks off, then stood and hooked her thumbs into the top of her shorts. She looked out the window at the patio and the golf course, distant figures playing golf, and at birds in the sky. She knew she was about to be completely naked in front of a total stranger, and she was still nervous and shy. Tears ran down her cheeks, but she took a deep breath and slipped her shorts down her legs.

She looked at Nikki, who was already down to her bikini cut panties, acting like taking all her clothes off in front of a total stranger was as normal as sending a text.

Nikki sighed and slowly slid her panties down her long, slender legs. She tossed them aside and stood in front of Mr Lynch, looking remarkably nonchalant.

Tina held her breath, slid her panties to the floor, and stepped out of them, feeling very aware of her exposure and indecency. She started to cover herself with her hands, but a glance from Nikki told her not to. Nikki gave her a smile, then took her hand and walked to the big window where they stood for what felt like a very long time. Tina gasped, knowing that anyone who looked this way would see two teenage girls, completely naked, standing there for the whole world to see! Her bare pussy, her legs, her boobs, everything,  right out in the open!

"Very nice," Mr Lynch said after a moment, "turn around please."

The girls turned around, and gasped.

Mr Lynch had his pants open, his cock in his hand, and he was stroking it. It was huge! His cock was easily longer than both of Tina's hands side by side, and the tip looked like a big reddish-purple knob. Why did he have it out, Tina wondered? Suddenly she thought this whole thing was a very bad idea. He stood there staring at them and stroking his cock for what felt like forever, and Tina wondered what he was thinking.

"You both look very healthy," Mr Lynch finally said. "There's just one more part of your examination. Have you ever had a man's cock in your mouth before?"

"In my...in my...mouth?" Tina said in a small voice. "It's okay," Nikki whispered, "George has been showing me how to do this. Watch me."

"George? Your brother? But that's... eww, gross!"

Nikki just smiled at Mr Lynch and slid to her knees. The young naked teenager grasped his cock gingerly in her fingers and began to lick his cock head. She swirled her tongue around and let it force open her lips. She sucked him into her mouth and wrapped both hands around his shaft, pumping it slowly. Mr Lynch leaned back and moaned softly, letting his hands cradle the back of her head.

"Ohhh yes, just like that. Oh, very nice."

Tina watched, fascination overcoming her fear, as her friend sucked on this grownup cock. Nikki pumped more vigorously, bobbing her head back and forth. Suddenly she leaned back, leaving a strand of pre-cum dangling between the tip of her pink tongue and the head of his cock.

"Let your friend finish," Mr Lynch said, and Nikki stood up and turned to Tina. She took her hand and positioned her in front of Mr Lynch, shoving her gently to her knees before Tina could resist.

Tina knelt fascinated by the hard, slimy cock inches in front of her face. She stuck her tongue out tentatively and was about to lick the head of his cock, when she paused and glanced at her naked friend.

"It's," she said, stalling, "it, you know, smells funny. And it's got your spit all over it. I don't know if I c- can..."

Mr Lynch smiled and looked down at the shy young girl. "Would you like a drink? You seem nervous. Maybe a coke?"

"Um, sure," she said, grateful for the delay.

With his erect cock out and bobbing, Mr Lynch walked to a side bar and popped open a can of coke. He poured some into a small glass, then added a shot of something from a large bottle, a little green powder and two ice cubes.

"Rum and coke, on the house. Special blend," he said. Tina took the glass with nervous fingers, unable to tear her eyes off his erection. She glanced at Nikki, who nodded firmly to her.

"Go ahead, it's cool. You'll like it."

Tina took a sip. The coke had an extra taste, something like honey but more...rounded. Like sunshine. And a taste behind that seemed woodsy. She thought briefly of big pandas at the zoo.

"Um, thanks..."

"Finish it," Mr Lynch urged, "bottoms up!"

Tina closed her eyes and drained the glass, immediately feeling a funny buzz in her tummy. She handed the glass back and felt herself relax.

"It also helps," he added, "to stand up and count backwards from twenty."

"Yeah, okay." Tina's head felt fuzzy, but she was willing to try it. She took Nikki's hand and stood up, held her arms out at her sides and started counting.

"Twenty, nineteen, eighteen, sev...sevis...seventeen, sexteen...fifteen....um.....fourteens.....thirsty...hee hee....twel.....whoooo, my head is funny! Um, twe...no I did that, um, ten, ni?....ninny! hee hee!"

She gave up counting, feeling giddy and silly. Her her limbs felt extra-loose. She shook her head and stumbled slightly, grabbing ahold of the first thing she could reach - Mt Lynch's pants - which she ended up dragging to the floor, and collapsed beside them. "Oopsie!" she said, looking up at her naked friend. She started to giggle but ended up hiccuping, which made her laugh even more.

"Nikki! Hi Nikki, I fell over! Whoooo, look at his thing! It's so big from down here. I wanna… I wanna..." The naked, inebriated teenager climbed up Mr Lynch's legs until she was eye to eye with his glistening, erect cock.

"Hi there," she said, giving it a little wave, "you wanna be my friend? Can I kiss you?"

Mr Lynch held his breath, a smile on his lips. Tina glanced up at him, and he nodded to her. She let out a small yelp of glee, grabbed his cock in both hands and slipped the head between her lips. She shimmied her hips as her head bobbed back and forth, sucking eagerly and somewhat clumsily on his cock. What she lacked in experience she made up for in enthusiasm, and she soon had Mr Lynch moaning aloud as his body tensed up.

"Ohhhh god girl, I'm gonna..."

Tina paused her cock sucking to glance up at him just as a massive spurt of cum erupted from his cock and splashed across her lips. Semen dribbled down her chin and plopped onto her hip. Tina gasped and opened her mouth to suck him in again when a second spurt shot directly into her mouth. She gagged and coughed slightly, then began to savor the taste of cum on her tongue as more and more surged into her mouth.

"Oh Ni....Nikki! Try this! It's yummy!" She mumbled, swallowing. She squeezed his cock with a frown, trying to coax more cum out. "Make more, do it again!"

"That's all there is for now, little girl," Mr Lynch said, "But I think its safe to say you both proved healthy enough for the job. Tina, you were wonderful. Welcome to the club." He helped Tina to her feet and she clung unsteadily to him, then to Nikki.

"We're in the club, Nikki! Check us out!"

Mr Lynch nodded, and looked out of the large window. Out on the patio, servants were filling chafing dishes and two dozen people were milling about, drinks in hand, waiting for the buffet to open.

"One final test, ladies. Follow me, please." He led the girls down a hall and through the kitchen, where cooks and waiters turned to admire the two naked teenagers.

"Lunch is about to be served. Please, take these platters out to the patio."

"Now?"

"Please."

"But we're... naked!"

"You will delight our guests."

"Ummmmm..."

"Six hundred dollars..."

"Wow. Come on, Tina." Nikki picked up a platter of little cheesy cubes on toothpicks, and Tina lifted a tray of silverware and napkins. Mr Lynch held the door open. Tina looked at Nikki, at the tray in her hand, at Mr Lynch, and at the open door. People were about to see her, completely, totally nude. She'd felt uncomfortable about being nude in front of the big window up in the office, and really felt weird about sucking cock, although the funny drink had helped. Funny it didn't last long. This was really weird.. she was about to walk into a patio full of strangers, mostly middle-aged and older men, and she was totally naked. But they all wanted her to do it. Nikki was game for it, and six hundred dollars!! So she held her head high, took a deep breath, and stepped outside. 

She immediately felt a cool draft on her bare skin.The breeze on her nipples and pussy were cold, and she realized she was shivering. Not from cold but from fear. She was naked! Outside in public! She knew that people were staring at her, examining her naked body. What were they thinking? Did they just want to stare? Did they want to touch her? Did they want to fuck her? What would she be required to do? Tina began to question the whole idea again, despite how the funny drink had made her feel. What had he put in the coke? She looked over at Nikki. Nikki always seemed to know what to do, knew how to handle anything. She was holding her tray of cheesy things on little toothpicks, balancing it on one hand. Her other hand was on her hip, and she was chatting easily with three older men standing around her. One reached out and put his finger on her nipple. Nikki arched her back just a little, pressing her nipple against his finger. The other men laughed and applauded and brushed up against her, like salsa dancing. Nikki was flirting with them and they were eating it up!

I can do that, Tina thought to herself. She relaxed and smiled, trying to convince herself that she was having fun.

"Why don't you set that tray down," someone said, "and let us get a good look at you, young lady?" An older man with a bald patch and a beard took the tray from her and set it down, then took Tina's hands in his and lifted them up and out. Here she was, naked in public and without any way to cover herself! She felt a rough hand brush against her ass and she twitched involuntarily.

"Relax, baby," the man holding her hands said, "you are one fine looking little girl. You look just like my daughter, Anne. Oh, what I wouldn't do if I was thirty years younger."

"Who says you can't?" Tina replied with a grin, hoping she meant it. She looked over at Nikki, who had climbed up on a table and was letting a guy take close-up pictures of her butt.
Mr Lynch took Tina's hand, and gestured to Nikki.

"Gentlemen, please give our newest Ball Girls a big round of applause! Tina and Nikki will be here tomorrow, ready to go the course with any lucky member." There was a round of enthusiastic applause as Nikki hopped down from the table to join her friend.

"Let's go back inside ladies, and we'll finish up the hiring process."

"Now, you do get to wear a uniform." Mr Lynch said when they were back in the office, "your Ball Girl uniform is a short skirt and blouse, shoes and white knee socks. Your hair must be in a ponytail. Would you like to try one on?"

"Um, sure," Nikki said, and Tina nodded from her chair.

"Miss Leavey, two Ball Girl uniforms please," he said into his intercom. A moment later the door opened and a tall, elegant middle-aged woman brought two small stacks of clothing in. She glanced at Tina's cum-stained face with a wistful expression as she left the room. The young girl had forgotten her face was still plastered with cum! And all those men outside! "Here you go, khaki skirts and white blouse. And shoes."

"Do you care what color panties we wear? These skirts look awful short," Nikki said, holding one up.

"Oh, no, no panties. Or bra. And you'll notice the blouse has no buttons, you tie it under your boobs so it holds them up."

"Wow, okay. That means the guys will be able to..."

"You can count on it."

"I think I see why we get tipped so well," Nikki commented, "So when do we start?"

"Tomorrow at 10 am. Be here in your uniforms and we'll get you all ready. Remember, no panties!"

"Yes Mr Lynch," they chirped in unison.

Nikki and Tina gathered their clothes and went outside to collect their bicycles and ride home.


Ball Girls - Tina's First Day

The day after Tina and her friend Nikki met the members of the club, they returned to start their first day as Ball Girls. They were still unsure exactly what their duties would be, besides wearing a very revealing uniform and accompanying golfers around the course.

"Did you tell your Mom we aren't allowed to wear panties with our uniform?" Tina asked. They were on their bicycles, two teenage girls riding to their first job. Tina, at thirteen, was a year younger than her friend and was still a virgin. She assumed Nikki had already started having sex, since Nikki talked freely to her about sucking her brother's cock.

"Hah, no, she'd have freaked. I wore my panties till I was around the corner from the house, then took them off and got back on my bike. You?"

"They didn't see and didn't ask. I thought Dad would ask about the uniform, but nope. He was really cool. The truth is, I like the feeling of the bicycle seat against my bare... yeah." She pedaled a little faster, and Nikki got a brief glimpse of Tina's bare bottom when the teenage girl's skirt flipped up as she pedaled past expensive houses and manicured lawns.

They got to the golf club, where Mr Lynch greeted them at the front door.

"Well don't you both look pretty as a picture in your uniforms?" he said, gesturing them inside. They passed a couple of club members who admired their short skirts and breezy, tied-off tops, nudging each other and smiling.

Mr Lynch escorted them upstairs to his personal office, where he had them sign a couple of papers with liability waivers so they couldn't sue the golf club for anything its members did. Then he got them to pose for a few pictures 'for the members' in their new uniforms and escorted them back downstairs.

"You're in luck," he said warmly, "It's Sunday morning, the sun is shining, and you both already have appointments."

"Already? That was fast."

"Oh, you both made quite an impression at the patio lunch yesterday. Nikki, you're riding with the Blackstone party, and Tina, you have the Lyman party. They both tee off at eleven. Let me introduce you."

"Oh! Can I ask just one question, Mr Lynch?" Tina said.

"Yes?"

"Our money... the tips. These uniforms don't have any pockets." Mr Lynch smiled and patted her shoulder, letting his hand linger.

"We settle up when you get back. Our members don't put cash in your bras out on the course. After all, you're escorts, not hookers," he said with a benign smile.

"Oh, um, okay, cool." Tina wanted to feel reassured,  but something still bothered her. She gave Mr Lynch her best thirteen-year-old pretty-girl smile and brushed her doubts aside.

"And here we are," Mr Lynch said brightly as he opened an outside door. The girls saw two golf carts, each with front and rear bench seats and a rack for golf bags. Four older men were clustered around each one, loading gear and chatting.

"Tina, Ben Lyman here is one of our premier members," Mr Lynch said by way of introduction. One of the older men turned and looked at Tina, then smiled warmly.

"Welcome! Oh, you look lovely. Tina, was it? Such a pretty thing. Please, meet my friends. This is Ned Sloane, and Harvey Christian, and Steven Pellis."

"Remember," Mr Lynch said, leaning close and whispering, "your job is to be friendly, be pretty, keep them company. Four older men. Their marriages have probably gone stale, they like having pretty girls around. Help them out, accommodate their needs, and they'll surely tip you well when you get back."

She nodded and the other men all shook her hand and talked to her while Mr Lynch introduced Nikki to the other group.

The four men loaded their golf bags onto the cart and climbed aboard, filling the small vehicle.

"Um... where do I sit?" Tina asked.

"Right here, lil' darling," Mr Sloane said. He patted his lap and smiled.

"Ooh... kay," Tina shyly climbed up and nestled her small bottom onto his lap, feeling very aware that this older man she's never seen before was going to be touching her body. She was intensely aware of the fact that her tiny skirt had lifted up, leaving only the fabric of his slacks between her pussy and the stiff rod she felt pressing against her bottom.

"There we are now," he said as he slid his hands along her thighs, "Ready to cast off, Cap'n!"

Ben Lyman grinned and shot Tina a quick smile as they drove out onto the manicured grass of the golf course. She looked back to see Nikki, who was standing next to one of her golfers. They were looking down at their feet and he was showing her a side by side dance step.

"Bumpy road ahead," Ben called out, and Harvey lifted his hands and firmly grasped Tina's tiny boobs, holding her to him for support. She looked to the right and saw a perfectly smooth path not twenty feet from where Ben was bouncing over a field of stones. She didn't mind though. She felt very warm and safe in his embrace.

"Okay, first tee. Everybody out!"

Ben pulled up next to a patch of grass a different color than the rest, and Tina climbed down and watched as the four unloaded their golf bags. He seemed to take a very long time putting his tee in the ground and selecting a golf ball, and an even longer time choosing the right club. Then he took even longer standing over the golf ball and taking a few practice swings. Finally he swung his club and sent the ball flying down the fare way, but looked disappointed with the result.

"Collect up his tee, will you darlin'?" Harvey asked, patting Tina lightly on her butt. She didn't see why Ben didn't just pick it up. He was right there, but he politely stepped aside to let her reach it.

"No, wait," he said, "the right way is to bend from the waist." Ben and Harvey coached Tina on how to keep her legs straight but bend at the waist to pick up the golf tee, thoughtfully giving her guidance with their hands.

Their friend Ned went next, taking as much time as Ben had. Then they let Tina pick up Ned's tee, and Harvey took his turn.

The men seemed to take forever to play, all the while chatting about boring grown-up stuff and occasionally glancing over at Tina and making hand gestures she didn't understand.

Eventually they all climbed back onto the golf cart, and Ned insisted that Tina ride on his lap this time. She felt the same funny hard thing in his pants as well. 

"How old are you, sweety?" he asked as Ben drove toward more rough terrain.

"Thirteen."

"Thirteen, really. Have you been a Ball Girl for very long now?"

"No sir, this is my first day."

"Is it now! Are we your first group?"

"Yes sir," she replied.

"Hey guys, how'd we get so lucky?" Steve asked, "a sweet little thing like her, pretty as a picture, dressed so sexy… is that top too tight? It looks tight. Let me help loosen it up for you."

"Um, okay." She helpfully raised her arms to let him untie the knot in her halter top. His fingers fumbled slightly and the top slipped, exposing one tiny pink nipple.

"Ohh my, I'm so sorry little honey! Here, let me fix that." Steve's fingers clumsily groped and brushed across her nipple making her gasp before he finally succeeded in retying her top, loose and free. Despite her embarrassment she had to admit it did feel more comfortable, and even made her feel more grown up. As Ben drove into a deep rut the cart shook and Tina's boob bounced out of its lose restraint. She reached up to tuck it in, but Ned took her fingers in his.

"Wait now! You know what, pretty girlie? You have such cute little boobies, it's a shame to cover them. You look so beautiful when you let your top stay open like that. It's nice. It's so nice." Ned untied Tina's top and let the sides hang open, so anyone who might look would see her young breasts framed the filmy white fabric. Ben bounced the golf cart down the path, and Tina's pretty, thirteen year old nipples bounced around on her soft little boobies. All the men agreed that was a much better look for her, making Tina blush profusely.

They played through the second hole and the third, and Tina began to enjoy being the focus of their attention. She caught a brief glimpse of Nikki with her group - Nikki was topless, and holding someone's golf club. One of the men was standing tight up against her, rubbing himself up against her short skirt while helping her swing the club she was holding Some other old guy who looked like a bank millionaire, was being her caddy. Everyone seemed to be laughing and having fun, and it gave Tina an idea.

"Hey, can I try that?" Tina asked, hopping out of the golf cart. "I wanna play too."

Ned shared a look with the other men and everyone smiled. Tina soon stood at the tee with a club in her hands. She fumbled and dithered with it until Steve came over and stood behind her. He pressed the front of his pants firmly against her ass and slid his hands down her arms until they were holding the club together.

"Like this," he whispered, the scent of his cologne in her nose. "Put your feet like so... bend your knees a little. Now relax, not so stiff. Address the ball."

"Hello, ball, I'm your girl!" Tina said and everybody laughed.

"You are a very funny little girl. Now sweep the club up and back and let me swing. You follow through." He managed to pull aside her top so everyone could admire her young boobs, then he swung downward and hit the ball, which flew about thirty yards.

"Not bad, but I think your top got in the way."

Tina thought about Nikki, topless and probably flirting with her party. She made up her mind, took a deep breath and gave Steve her sexiest smile. Then she slipped her top down her arms and held it out to him. She felt proud of seeing everyone admire her slender young body in the sunlight. It never occurred to her that grown up men would want to look at her the way they did at women. 

"Better?" she grinned.

"Much. I do believe that is going to improve your stroke. And mine."

She laughed with the men through the sixth and seventh holes, and Tina glimpsed her friend again through the trees. Nikki and her group were still back at the fifth hole, and now she had stripped completely nude, except for her shoes. Nikki was kneeling in front of one of her men. His pants were around his ankles, and Nikki's head was bobbing back and forth in front of him.

Tina watched Nikki for a moment, forgetting about everything else. She remembered how they had stripped naked for Mr Lynch yesterday and even sucked his cock, and how she and Nikki had paraded nude around the patio at lunch while she had his cum glistening in her hair.

Her reverie was broken by the feel of a male hand under her skirt, softly stroking the outer lips of her pussy. Tina started to react, but then she relaxed and let the hand caress her. She couldn't see who it was, but she let them stoke her and discovered how much she enjoyed the delicious, naughty feeling it awakened inside her.

As she watched, Nikki's guy grasped her head and thrust himself deeply into her mouth. Unable to breath, her friend gave a look of panicked desperation and began to pound her fists futily against his hips. Suddenly he grabbed a handful of her hair in one hand, pulled back and sent a stream of white cum splashing over her face to dribble down her chin and sparkle against her chest. The fingertips moved rapidly against her clit as she settled back on her heels to feel her orgasm flow through her trembling body. She tried to suppress her little squeaks so no one would know what was happening to her.

As she recovered she turned to see Ned, one hand grasping her pussy, the other stroking his cock. His had withdrew as he felt her climax subside, and she turned slowly and stood facing him, pretending she was one of the porn stars she and Nikki used to watch nude under covers. She slid her arms around him, hugging her bare titties to his chest.

Towering over her, he rubbed his massive erection against her belly, his tip bumping against the bottom of her boobs while his balls bounced gently against her pubic mound. Tina reached to her side and undid her little skirt. It tumbled down her legs as she stood on her toes and kissed the man who was paying her for sex. His hands reached down to her bottom and supported her weight. He slowly fell backward until he was laying prone on the grass. Tina used what she had learned from the girls on the videos and began kissing her way down his body.

Ned stretched out on the grass and lowered his pants, giving Tina full access to his hard cock. She wrapped her small hand around the shaft, glanced up to make sure the other men were watching, and caressed it with her tongue. She gently massaged his large balls with one petite hand while she stroked him with the other. Her lips parted and she slipped him into her hungry mouth. Ned laid back and moaned softly as she began bobbing up and down, until she tasted the first of his pre-cum. The naked thirteen year old leaned over the man and skillfully sucked his cock as he lay nude in the sunlight, in full view of everyone on the golf course.

Just when she felt he might fill her mouth like Mr Lynch had done, she had a very naughty idea.

"If you can do the next hole in under six, I'll let you cum in my mouth."

She stood up and strode naked back to the golf cart, leaving Ned gasping on the grass next to her clothes.

"Oh... godd…" he moaned.

"Game on, Neddy boy," Harvey said, "you gotta play to win!"

"How the hell am I 'sposed to focus on my game now!" Ned asked, clambering unsteadily to his feet. He clumsily tried to climb in the cart with his pants around his ankles, pulled them up halfway, looked at the naked Tina, and took them off completely. He dropped his clothes on the seat and gave the amused young girl a pained smile.

"You gotta give me release... " he begged.

"Six or under, big guy. You have to earn it."

The other men laughed and joked as everyone loaded up, Tina sitting on Steve's lap, her fingers gently toying with Ned's his balls. Ben bounced over more stones and Ned moaned, making Harvey laugh out loud.

"You know you could take matters into your own hands," the older man said, "just rub one out."

"But that's my job, I'm your Ball Girl," Tina said, finally recognizing the meaning of her job title. She sat quietly for a moment, thinking about her future. I was hired to accompany guys on the golf course. To suck their cocks. My job is to be sexy. The sexier I am, the more I get paid. Tips. If I refuse, I might not get any tips and maybe I'd get fired. And what if I let them fuck me? I don't know if I'm ready, I'm only thirteen! I wonder if Nikki let them fuck her? I bet she knows what to do. Will they get mad if I tell them to stop? I don't want to get raped... at least not in a mean way. I got my AWSOME card, so I can... Wait, does that mean I'm a hooker?

There's been a lot of talk on TV about legalizing teenage prostitution. I wanted it to be special, when I lose my virginity. But it's my body! When decide to fuck it's gonna be 'cause I want to. These guys are nice, and they know it's my first day, so I'll flirt with them today and suck their cocks. Tomorrow, who knows!

Tina leaned back against Steve's chest as they drove to the next hole, and let him put his hand on her thigh. She felt his erection and knew that she was going to suck that cock before they got finished today, no matter how anyone did on the next hole. Knowing that made her decision easier. She was going to suck cock and swallow cum and be their slut for the day. And if she got paid, she was going to take the money and be a hooker. 'Cause maybe that was what she was meant to be, and maybe that's why she liked to watch porn so much.

Ned didn't make his par six on the next hole. He said his erection kept getting in the way of his stroke, which made everyone laugh. By the tenth whole, Harvey was the only member of the group with any clothes on. He kept saying he didn't want to put the other men to shame.

At the fourteenth hole, everyone's clothes were on the golf cart. Another group of golfers, two men and two women, asked to play through. They thought that four naked men in their fifties and sixties, accompanied by one naked thirteen year old girl, was the funniest thing they'd ever seen, but they thought it might take a week or so to finish the round.

Ned hadn't played under six on any hole since Tina challenged him, so on the fifteenth hole she finally took pity on him.

With a massive sigh of gratification, Ned stood looking down at the teenage girl, who smiled up at him in response and reached out to grasp his eager cock at last. Her tongue slid up the underside of his shaft. Tina cupped his balls, and slipped his erection into her mouth. He moaned as she she began sucking, his hands caressing the back of her small head. Tina opened her eyes and saw Steve's naked cock to one side, inches from her lips. She began to alternate her oral ministrations between the two men while Ben and Harvey fingered and caressed her, stoking the fire that was consuming her pussy.

Ned's body spasmed and jerked, and he shouted aloud as he pulled back to send a massive stream of cum splattering against the young girl's face. She grinned, licked her lips and renewed her attention, lapping at his cock as the spasms subsided. As soon as he stepped aside, spent and fulfilled, Ben and Harvey moved to take his place next to Steve. Tina proudly began sucking all three men, and reveled in the knowledge that she was controlling the three, all of them older than her own father. She was their slut, and she was going to earn every dollar of her tip!

Ben came first, a thick stream of cum coating her chest and dangling from her left nipple. He held her hair and made her lick him clean, then Steve came with an explosive burst of sperm that landed in her hair and clung there. Harvey took the longest to cum, and when he did Tina was disappointed by a small dribble of cum that barely covered her tongue. But she dutifully swallowed every drop, and the men congratulated her on her skill and enthusiasm on her very first day on the job.

When they got back to the house - four happy,  exhausted older men and a cum-smeared naked teenage girl - Nikki, equally naked and cum-drenched, ran to meet her with smiles and hugs.

"Tina!! You look so great! Did you have fun? Wanna do it again?"

"When do we go back out?"

"Right now, if you'd like," Mr Lynch said as he walked up, "We all enjoyed your show - oh, didn't I tell you? There's secret cameras on the golf carts! - and Paul Miller and his group have already requested you, as soon as you're available. There are five other groups already lined up behind him."

He pointed to a group of men who smiled and waved back at them. "Oh, and both of your parties tipped you a hundred dollars each - you've already made four hundred dollars in tips on your very first round. Congratulations girls!" Tina smiled as she thought about how she'd spend the money. Being a teen hooker looked like a great career move to her!

Tina walked over to Ben who was tallying up the game on his phone app.

"Next time," she whispered with a coy smile,  "you play nineteen holes."


