Story: Beyond the Crossroads (romance)

Late Friday afternoon.  I had finished the two-week stint at the 
remote customer site and left immediately after breakfast on the long 
drive home.  I like to drive rather than fly because I had a chance 
to visit a friend from college for a few days before the remote 
assignment.  Besides, there's this little place just outside of 
Amarillo that I like to stay at.  A peaceful, quiet place.  A place 
to get recharged before going home.

Anyhow, there's a diner next to the motel.  It's my ideal diner.  
Small-town feel, no radio or TV.  It's surprising all the sounds you 
can hear when they're not being drowned out by a radio.  Such as the 
gentle whirring of the overhead fans.  The conversations back in the 
kitchen, punctuated with raucous laughter when somebody tells a joke 
or relates a real-life anecdote on the general foibles of humanity.  
The metallic clink of freshly washed silverware being placed on the 
tables; clean plates being stacked; the hushed conversations of the 
old-timers and locals.  Already I'm feeling better.

The lady working the cash register came over to the table with the 
order pad.  "We're short handed today, hon, so I'm waitressing too," 
she said.  "You all decided yet?"

"Yeah," I replied, trying to get a glimpse of her name tag.  I like 
to know what name they go by.  Sometimes I wonder if the names are 
made up or if they're real.  The tag said TIFF.  "The hungry burger, 
well done, with those delicious fries.  And, uhhhhh, let's see, I'll 
stick with the ice water."  She wrote a few cryptic notes on her pad.

"Tiff," I continued.  "Is that for Tiffany?"

"Yes," she replied, and tossed her shoulder-length blonde wavy hair 
to one side and then back in place.  I wondered if she ever got tired 
of answering that question.  She paused, fixing her eyes on me, and 
said, "Say, weren't you here a couple of weeks ago?" 

"Yup.  Was on my way to Tulsa for my job to help a new customer set 
up some stuff."  I locked my gaze on her eyes and held it for an 
instant longer than I ordinarily would.  "Now it's back home in the 
morning."  My eyes focused on her mouth for a couple of seconds.  Her 
lips were relaxed and parted slightly, with the white of her teeth 
emphasizing her lips' fullness.  For an instant it struck me that she 
had a sensuous mouth.  She looked to be, oh, between thirty five and 
forty.

"Where's home?"

"Dripping Springs," I said, looking at her mouth again.

"A ways to go.  You gonna make it in one day?"

"Don't know."

Tiffany gave the order to the cook, brought the glass of water and 
waited on some other customers.  A few minutes later she brought my 
burger and went back to her many tasks.  

While mentally planning my route for the next day, I heard a spirited 
discussion taking place in the kitchen area.  I finished my meal and 
went over to the register to pay.  Tiffany, after a minute or so, 
came out from the kitchen area and we settled the bill.  Rather 
abruptly, she went back to the kitchen.  I went to the washroom for a 
couple of minutes and then left the diner, walking to the motel right 
next door.

I suddenly jumped when I heard a woman's voice scream, "YOU FUCKING 
JERK!"  Looking back toward the source of the sound I saw Tiffany 
coming out of the diner, her purse over her shoulder.  She turned 
around and screamed "THAT'S IT! YOU'RE NOT GONNA FUCK ME OVER ANY 
MORE!"  She slammed the screen door and stormed out, an angry 
expression on her face.

I felt rather helpless, and at the same time I knew I had to at least 
try to do something.  Tiffany was briskly walking away from the 
diner.  I trotted over to where she was walking.  She startled when 
she saw me right there and stopped suddenly, staring.

"Can I, uh, is... is there anything I can do for you?" I awkwardly 
inquired.

Her face frozen with angry features, she looked me in the eye for a 
moment, said "No!" and abruptly turned away and continued on.  
Feeling defeated, I trudged over to my room.  Once inside, I brushed 
my teeth and then opened a book I'd been reading and attempted to 
take my mind off the scene that had just happened.  A few minutes 
later I heard a knock on the door.  I cautiously got up and opened 
the door just a little.  I was surprised to see Tiffany standing 
there.  Before I could react, she said, "I guess I shouldn't have 
been that way toward you.  I was - and am - very upset."

"Uh, why don't you come in..." I offered.

"Are you by yourself?"

"Yes."

She made her way inside the room and closed and locked the door.  "I 
quit there today," she stated, then laughed at the nature of the 
understatement.  "The guy that runs that place, I've been living with 
him... until now."

"Where were you going?" I asked.

"He thinks I'm going to my sister's.  He'll get drunk when he goes 
home tonight, and then tomorrow afternoon he'll call over at my 
sister's and tell her to bring me to work.  But like I said, I don't 
work there any more.  He just doesn't know it yet."

She walked over to a guest chair by a little round table and sat 
down.  She was still wearing her uniform, which consisted of a 
short-sleeved knee-length white dress.  And of course she was still 
wearing her name tag.  She put her knees together and her feet 
several inches apart.

"What's your name, cowboy?" Tiffany asked.  

"Cowboy?" I asked, looking at her with a puzzled expression.

"You're the type," she explained.  "The strong silent type - a man of 
few words.  Kind of a loner.  Still waters run deep, you know."  
Tiffany's full lips broke into a broad smile.  I realized that I had 
not seen her smile before.  "Back to my question.  What's your name?"

"Rick."

"My, you're talkative," she teased.

"What are your plans now, Tiffany?" I asked, ignoring her teasing.

"Oh, I may end up at my sister's," she cryptically replied.

"Do you want me to drive you over there?" I offered.

"Maybe later.  I would like to go somewhere else.  Would you take me 
there?"

I thought it odd that she didn't specify where she wanted to go, and 
still asked me to take her.  When I agreed, she stood up and went 
over to the door.  I opened the door for her, we left the room, and 
went to the car.  The late afternoon sun cast long shadows.

"Go down the highway for a little bit," she said, pointing the 
direction.  A couple of minutes later she said, "Turn here."  We then 
crossed a creek and turned down a street that paralleled the railroad 
tracks.  I looked at her questioningly when we reached the road's 
dead end by what appeared to be an old railyard with a couple of 
abandoned boxcars on a separate set of tracks.  "Let's get out now," 
she said.

After I locked the car she added, "Sometimes I like to come here when 
I want to be alone and just walk around.  Let's walk over there by 
the tracks."

The late afternoon sun was casting a reddish-orange glow on 
everything around us.  In the distance the telephone poles extended 
endlessly westward along the railroad tracks.  We trudged along 
silently except for the sound of our footsteps on the dirt and the 
gravel.  After we had walked for a few minutes we turned around and 
headed back.  Neither of us had said anything.  As we got closer to 
the car she divulged, "I want to go in that boxcar."  Now I don't 
know all the names of train parts, so I'll just say that she loosened 
some kind of latch and asked me to open the freight door.  Tiffany 
suggested that I go up into the boxcar first and then help her up.  
After entering the boxcar I reached down with one hand and grasped 
her hand as she climbed in.  She did not let go of my hand.  Her eyes 
were sparkling now.

Tiffany said, "I've always had a fascination for train cars."  We 
walked around inside the freight car and looked around.  "It strikes 
me as romantic," she continued.  She stepped in front of me and, 
facing me, looked up and closed her eyes.  The soft light of the 
setting sun enlivened her features.  Gently cradling her face with my 
hands, I lightly kissed those full pouty lips.  She responded with 
some delicious kisses and then opened her eyes.  "We'd better go," 
she said.  We walked silently to the car.

"Where is your sister's from here?" I asked.

"I need to call her first," she replied.  "Can I do that from your 
room?"

I nodded and drove to where I was staying. I got some ice from the 
machine while Tiffany used the phone.  When I came back to the room, 
Tiffany went into the bathroom and closed the door.  I heard some 
water running for a minute or two, and then I heard her voice.  "I'm 
going to take a shower, okay?" she asked.  I looked up from my book 
to answer her and the shock must have registered on my face.  She had 
taken all her clothes off and was holding a large towel around 
herself.  She walked over to where I was and let the towel drop to 
the floor.  "Take a shower with me?" she squeaked.  I quickly got up 
and caressed her by the shoulders and drew her close to me.  Her jaw 
was quivering with excitement and trepidation.  She unbuttoned my 
shirt and undid my jeans.  I threw off my shirt and stepped out of my 
clothes.  

As she adjusted the shower, she turned her head and looked back at me 
for a moment with a broad smile.  When the water was adjusted to her 
satisfaction she stepped into the shower and I followed her.  She 
drenched herself first, then moved over so I could get wet.  After 
the shower got me wet all over, I adjusted the water temperature so 
that the spray was a little cooler.

"Auuuugh!" Tiffany cried, while I grinned and pulled her close so 
that we were both getting wet at the same time.  With the shower 
raining down on both of us, I opened my mouth to catch some of the 
drops on my tongue.  Tiffany giggled and did the same.  We then 
exchanged passionate kisses underneath the shower spray.  The water 
appeared to put life into her.  She looked gorgeous even with wet 
stringy hair.  Her eyes gleamed.  We each soaped down the other one.  
She appeared to enjoy handling my turgid member and testicles with 
her soapy hands, and I rather enjoyed that too.  There was the 
permeating scent of "motel soap".  I have always regarded that scent 
as somewhat sexy, in a way that I can not yet explain.

After we dried off we turned all the lights off and got on top of the 
bed.  Tiffany grasped my raging member with one hand, and spread her 
legs apart just a little.  She gasped as I easily entered her.  I 
held her so that we were cheek-to-cheek, and her mouth was next to my 
ear.  In the darkness I heard every breath she drew.  Her sensual 
cries drove me to thrusting longer and harder.  "Oh... aa'aahhhhhh! 
(pant) Ohhhhhhhh! (pant) (gasp) ah'ahhh...  ohhhhh!" she moaned.  
When I could no longer hold back, I placed my mouth over hers in an 
impassioned kiss, and spurted hot jets of semen into her 
long-neglected body while she urgently moaned, "Mmmmmmmmm! mm! 
mmmmmmm!"  Tiffany's body trembled for several seconds, then she 
relaxed, breathing heavily.  We both fell asleep in a matter of 
minutes.

During the night I awoke to the gentle sound of Tiffany's breathing.  
She was laying on her side, facing away from me.  I felt the stirring 
of desire again and gently reached around her and ran my fingers 
across her skin.  She stirred and rolled over on her tummy.  Putting 
my hand between her legs, I found that she was damp.  I threw off the 
covers and straddled her as she lay face down.  She was barely awake 
when I entered her.  Still face down, she stretched out her arms to 
grab hold of the edge of the mattress for stability while I 
repeatedly drove my hard erection into her pussy.  Her gasps and 
groans penetrated the darkness of the room, while the bed squeaked 
with each thrust.  I varied the pace of my thrusting for about 
fifteen to twenty minutes.  while I was still straddling her, Tiffany 
jutted her rear end out and I began to pound harder.  She quickly 
drew in her breath, held it a few seconds, and trembled with release. 
 I kept pounding while about once a minute she'd shudder, sometimes 
crying out, other times holding her breath or gasping.  After several 
minutes of this I knew I couldn't hang on much longer, so I went from 
a straddling position to lying on top of her.

The sensual feel of her legs against mine, and the sight of her 
disheveled hair as I drove into her wet pussy, sent me over the edge. 
 Exclaiming aloud, I writhed in sweet ecstasy as my juices spurted 
inside her.  We lay there panting for a while before drifting off to 
sleep for the rest of the night.

When I awoke I washed up and brushed my teeth and started packing.  
Tiffany groggily roused herself out of bed, almost staggering to the 
bathroom.  I had to chuckle at her sleepy eyes and down turned mouth. 
 She washed up, brushed her teeth with my toothbrush, straightened up 
her hair, and dressed in yesterday's clothes.

I packed the last of my things while Tiffany sat on the bed waiting.  
"Well, what next?" I inquired, wondering what plans Tiffany had made 
about staying with her sister.  She walked over to me, put her hands 
up on my shoulders, looked into my eyes and whispered, "Dripping 
Springs."

Surprise registering on my face, I stared at her for a few seconds, 
then grabbed her and brusquely squeezed her close.  She smiled 
broadly.  "What about your sister?" I asked.

"I told her that I was leaving the jerk, and I didn't want her to 
know where I was, and that I would be safe."

"Don't you have any things that you need to take?"

She slowly shook her head.  "Anything else will just be a burden.  
I've got to get away from here.  Let's get something to eat.  I'm 
starved after all that, you know..."

"Sure," I agreed.  "Let's get something at the diner," I teased.

"Bastard," she said, trying to keep from laughing at the irony.

We went back into town and stopped at a Denny's for breakfast, and 
started on our journey to Dripping Springs.  We drove pretty much all 
day, sometimes talking about anything and everything, and sometimes 
being totally quiet.  We drove with clear skies, cloudy areas, and 
many miles of rain.  Once we drove through a small town and nearby a 
railyard, and Tiffany mentioned that sometime she'd like to "do it" 
inside a boxcar.

It was late afternoon when we got to my house in Dripping Springs.  
There was a torrential rain coming down in the entire area.  After 
bringing the luggage in the house, I walked from room to room to make 
sure that everything was okay.

When I walked out from the master bedroom I noticed Tiffany outside 
in the back yard, standing in the downpour, getting totally drenched. 
 Her hair and face were soaked, as well as her white dress from the 
diner.  I ran outside and yelled "Tiffany!"  She turned around and 
broke into a wide grin and spread her arms wide.  I then ran over to 
her and she threw her arms around me.  I hungrily kissed her while 
feeling the rain pelt me with large driving drops.  I reached under 
Tiffany's dress and grabbed her panties, and to this day I don't know 
what made me tear the waistband of her panties and rip them off her.  
She didn't appear to mind.  When I tossed her torn panties across the 
yard, I pulled her down so that we were prone on the grass, with 
Tiffany on top of me.  The rain was still pouring down in torrents, 
and after more hungry kisses, Tiffany undid my jeans and tugged them 
down halfway to my knees.  Straddling me, she impaled herself on my 
rigid member and started to ride me like the driving force of the 
wind and rain.  Momentarily I recalled a line from the song 
"Cowgirl's Prayer" which goes, "And she binds herself to her 
galloping steed, and he binds himself to the woman he needs..."

"Tiffany, slow down, I can't... Aaaarghhhh!"  My ejaculation pulsed 
inside of her as she opened her mouth wide in a silent outcry of 
ecstasy, with eyes closed and her face looking up to the heavens that 
were drenching us.  I felt, and saw, the shuddering of this alluring 
woman.  With me still inside her, and the swirls of rain still 
flowing from the powerful skies, she bent down and whispered, "You 
owe me some new panties, Rick."

I said to myself, Tiffany, I owe you a lot more than that.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
