As Rich kept talking, Nikki could feel him getting more and more turned on.
Nikki loved it when guys talked dirty to her. She kept stroking his cock, taking care to rub the pre-cum that was dripping out, along the length of his shaft.  She could just imagine how yummy his cock was going to taste, in her mouth. She unconsciously ran her tongue over her lips, as she savored the oncoming tastes that her mouth would be greeted with.  Nikki was a genuine cum slut and would get wet just thinking about having her mouth filled. In her anxiousness to get his cock her mouth, she placed her hand on his chest and pushed him against the wall. 
  Nikki gazed deeply into Paul's eyes, as she slowly lowered herself to her knees.  She made deliberate effort to grind her body against his as she made that slow descent to the floor.  Soon, she was faced with the object of her affection.  She lightly blew puffs of air onto his cock, which was bobbing and twitching from her ministrations.  Being a cock tease was always fun, so she continued to allow tiny puffs of warm air to escape from her lips.  Taking care to move painstakingly slow, Nikki leaned forward so that her lips touched the head of Rich's cock.  
  Her tongue eased from the confines of her mouth and started to lightly lap at the tip, like a kitten lapping up milk.  Then, she allowed more of his thick, hard cock to enter into her soft, wet mouth.  She took care not to nip at this skin, with her teeth.  Around and around her tongue swirled as she savored the taste that she constantly craved.  Nikki had not yet established a steady rhythm, which was definitely frustrating to Rich.  Rich leaned against the wall, pressing his head into the unyielding structure, arched his hips, thrusting his cock deeper into her mouth. 
  She refused to deep throat Rich, at this moment, because she wanted to enjoy sucking his cock.  She sucked his cock like it was a long, thick lollipop, licking and making lewd slurping noises. "Mmmrrmmp", was the sound Nikki made as her cheeks started to puff with the fullness of his hot dick.  She started to moan around his dick, as she became more and more turned on.  Rich began to groan, loudly, and thrust his hips faster, as if he were trying to fuck her face. 
  Just when Rich thought her could no longer withstand the torture, Nikki opened her mouth wider and started to deep throat him.  He continued to thrust and roll his hips, as Nikki took his cock as deeply as she could.  Nikki bobbed her head up and down, continuing to fill her air with her tiny muffled moans. Finally, she felt his cock begin to swell and his balls tighten.  Without any warning, but a loud, "Fuck! This is hot!" Rich started to cum, his cock filling Nikki's mouth is thick, white cum.  
Being the slut she was, she opened her mouth to let him see her swallowing his cum, making little "mmmmm" noises as she swallowed his cum.  Then, as another squirt of his cum came, she let his cock plop out of her mouth, and directed the stream of cum onto her tits. Nikki then took each dollop of cum and rubbed it into her tits, like beauty cream.  She concentrated on rubbing the cum into her nipples, watching them harden to tiny little points.  Now, she really was ready for Rich to fuck her.

~*Original Story by: Nikki B (sororitygirlnikki@hotmail.com)*~
Unauthorized use of this story, without the authors prior consent is prohibited by copyright.  Please DO NOT post this story in other internet forums or groups, without the prior consent of the author.
Sorority Girls Diary

