A Play at the Plate by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mff, ff, incest, father-daughter, softball, oral, vaginal, cumshot, creampie

Summary: The tale of two high school softball players, one a senior, the other a freshman. Enjoy the sexual exploits of Cassi and Anna and their friends, fine young sporting ladies looking for adventure on and off the field!

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============




Chapter One: The First Day of Practice

"Softball Rocks!" Cassi Martin shouted to the gaggle of girls gathered around her at home plate. The girls all cheered, and did a group fist pump, and ran out onto the field for their first day of practice.

Cassi looked around, observing all the girls with a keen eye, and when Emma got to the mound, Cassi crouched down in her catcher's stance. "Come on, Emma," she shouted, "show us what you got! Right down the pipe, girl!"

She felt the tell-tale sting of a fastball hitting her mitt, heard the loud slap, smelled the dust of the leather. Fuck ya! She thought to herself as she scooped the ball out of her glove. Softball season's back again!

When she stood up to toss the ball back, Cassi realized there was a girl standing next to her.

"Hey," she said. "You must be Anna." Anna was a new recruit, a little fourteen year old Freshman. She'd moved into town over the summer, but apparently she was the star catcher at her middle school back in Colorado. Cassi looked her over -- thin, slender, girlish. She had a bit of growing to do before she'd be a star on a high school team. But damn, she was a cutie; red hair in adorable raggedy-anne curls, freckles on her face, and when she smiled at Cassi, these absurdly precious dimples formed in her cheeks. Cassi couldn't help but wonder what Anna's sexual preferences might be. It could be a pretty fun season, if she was bi.

"Hi," the girl said in a nervous little squeak. "And you're Cassi?"

"That's right," Cassi said, crouching down again. "Go get your gear on, I want to see you in action." Then she shouted out to Emma on the mound, "Give me another one! High and hard this time, girl!"

Whap! The sound of the pitch hitting leather echoed through the empty stadium. "Damn!" Cassi said. "You've got your good stuff today, Em!"



Coach Ryder was a big woman. Not that she was overweight, just big. Solid. Muscular. In fact, she was a pretty intimidating figure, especially for the younger girls. Cassi remembered that well, as she sat in the chair across from her coach's metal desk after practice was over. There was a time when she would have been terrified to have been called into Coach's office after practice.

But Cassi was a senior now, and a team captain. She was coming off an all-star year and a state championship, and she was going to be a scholarship player in college next season, as soon as she picked a school. Cassi'd had a good working relationship with Coach Ryder for four years now, and she was comfortable sitting in that chair across from that big metal desk.

"So," Coach said, sitting back and eyeing Cassi. "First day of practice. What'd'ya think of the new catcher?"

"She's cute," Cassi answered with an impish smile.

Coach frowned. "I'd expect a more serious response from one of my team captains."

"Well," Cassi said, trying to suppress the smile. "She's a bit on the skinny side, for a catcher. Tall enough, that's for sure, but skinny."

Coach nodded. "Need to beef her up some."

"A high-protein diet," Cassi said. She wasn't able to stop herself from grinning. "I could probably find some guys who'd be willing to help her out with that."

Coach's face didn't change from her frown. "I'm going to assume you mean the guys in the weight room, and their protein shakes."

Cassi giggled. "Of course that's what I mean!"

Coach rolled her eyes. "So what else did you notice about her?"

"Well, she's not going to be hitting many home runs, but she is pretty fast. If she gets on base, good things could happen."

"I'm planning to ask Lindsay to help with her batting. I'm more interested in your assessment of her skills behind the plate."

"Okay," Cassie said. "I mean, I hate to be too critical, you know? It was just her first practice. But she seemed a bit slow coming out of her crouch when we were doing the base stealing drills."

Coach nodded. "I noticed. I want you to work with her on that. The whole reason I'm putting her on the varsity team is that she's the best prospect we've got to replace you, once you're off to Stanford or Michigan or wherever."

"I'll probably just end up at State," Cassi said, "but that's okay."

"Damn right that's okay." Coach nodded in the direction of the pennant pinned to her bulletin board, with the words "State" in prominent green and gold. A reminder that State is, in fact, her alma mater. "Now you've got your marching orders. You're gonna turn this new catcher into a little Cassi Martin by the end of this season. I need her ready to be our regular starter next year."

Cassi stood up. "Yes, Ma'am!" she said.

"I figured you wouldn't mind the assignment," her coach said, showing a hint of a smile for the first time since Cassi walked into her office. "Like you say, she is cute."

Cassi laughed. "She sure is!"

Coach shook her head, but she was smiling. "See you at practice tomorrow. Now get out of here."
Chapter Two: Anna's Confession

Cassi tossed a popcorn kernel in the air, lifted her face and opened her mouth, and caught it square on her tongue.

"Is that their coach?" Anna said on the couch next to her.

Cassi looked at the TV. "Yeah. Um, Johnson. Frank, I think. Frank Johnson."

"He's cute!"

Cassi looked at the television some more. Um... okay... It's not that the coach was bad looking or anything, but the guy had to be pushing forty years old at least. His hair was going gray, his face was starting to show a few wrinkles around his mouth. You might call him "distinguished," maybe even "handsome." But "cute?" She'd never expected to hear a fourteen year old girl describe a guy his age as "cute."

She struggled to think of something to say in response. "Sure," she finally said, "he's cute. But he's a little old, don't you think?"

"Oh, I guess, yeah," the girl answered. Cassi saw Anna's cute cheeks get a little red. "It's just, I don't really like boys my age, you know?"

"Sure," Cassi said, "I get that." And honestly, she did. She'd only been with a couple of boys, but they were pretty damned annoying. "I've never been with an older guy," she continued, "but it is fun to think about, isn't it?"

"You've never been with an older guy?" Anna said.

"No!" Cassi answered. "Have you?"

"Well..." the girl said. Her cheeks turned an even more adorable shade of red.

"You have!" Cassi said, sitting up, all excited. Cassi's opinion of the little Freshman was definitely improving. Up until now, she'd figured that Anna was a shy, innocent little girl. Not exactly a great personality for the future starting catcher on a state champion softball team. But she was beginning to learn some interesting facts about shy little Anna!

"So how old is this guy?" She asked the girl. "Like, a senior?"

When Anna didn't answer, Cassi upped her ante. "A college guy? Fuck, are you serious?"

"I probably shouldn't say." The little girl was bright red now. "I don't want to get anyone in any trouble."

"Oh come on," Cassi said. "We're friends, right? I promise I won't tell anyone anything. Does he live in town? Is he, like, your boyfriend? Or was it just one time or, friends with benefits or something?"

"He lives here. And I guess you'd say he's my boyfriend," Anna answered.

"No way!" Cassi practically shouted. "I'm so jealous! I've never even been on a date with an older guy!"

"You haven't?" Anna said. "You're so popular! Everybody must want to go out with you."

Cassi laughed. "I'm really not very popular."

"Yes you are! You're like a star!"

Cassi had to admit, she did like to hear people tell her that she was a star. "Yeah, I guess," she said, "but I'm a star catcher on the softball team. That's not exactly the kind of thing that gets guys hot and bothered." She giggled. "It's not like I'm a cheerleader or something."

"Well," Anna giggled, too. "Some guys think softball players are hot."

"Yeah? Like your boyfriend?"

The young girl's freckled cheeks went red again.

"Sweet," Cassi said. "I definitely like guys who think softball players are hot."

"Um," Anna said, still blushing, "well, if you're interested, he asks sometimes if I have any friends... I mean, friends that would want to..."

Cassi raised her eyebrows. "Really?"

Anna nodded.

"You mean, like, a three-way? A ménage à trois?"

Anna blushed even more, giggling at her friend's fancy french words, and nodded again.

"Wow," Cassi said, feeling a bit stunned by the idea. She'd never been in a three-way, not one that involved a guy, anyway. She had to admit, the idea was kind of intriguing to her. "So," she asked, "is he cute?"

The young girl nodded. "I think he is."

"Have you ever done a three-way with him?" Cassi asked.

"No, but I know he wants to."

"What about you?" Cassi asked her. "Do you want to?"

"Yeah, I guess," Anna answered, "I mean, if it's with someone I like."

Cassi sat back and smiled. It was nice to hear Anna say that she liked her. Or at least, that seemed to be what she was saying. "Well, maybe we should think about it a bit," she said, not sure she was actually willing to commit to the idea at this point.

Anna looked at her and blushed again. "I think it'd be fun with you."

"Really?" Cassi said. "I think it might be fun with you, too. I kinda like you."

Anna smiled, and blushed hard. "I like you, too."

"Tell you what," Cassi said, "you talk to your boyfriend about it, and I'll think about it some more, and maybe we can do it sometime!"

"Okay!"

"But," Cassi said, "Coach Ryder would be pretty pissed if she knew that all we did was talk about boys all night. She expects me to help you become a superstar catcher!"

"Okay!"

"So, check out this girl," Cassi said, pointing at the TV. "How would you pitch to her?"

"Um..." the younger girl said, "I guess, fast balls?"

"Yeah, but, it's not just about the type of pitch," Cassi said. "It's about the location, too."

"Sure," Anna agreed. "So, maybe... low?"

"Well, look at the girl. She's got a big butt, right? My dad taught me that girls with big butts can't hit outside pitches."

Both of the girls giggled. "Really?" Anna said.

"Yep, it's true. They can't," Cassi replied with an air of authority.

"So you're dad talks to you about girls' butts?" Anna asked.

"Sure. I mean, we talk about softball a lot," Cassi answered. "He told me to always take advantage of a girls 'blessings.' Like, girls with big boobs can't hit inside fastballs." The girls giggled some more. "And now you know that there's certain advantages to being a little smaller up top." Cassi gave the girl a friendly, and a little bit flirty, smile.

"Oh, I don't really mind that mine are little," she said, looking down at her chest. "My dad likes them just the way they are. He always wants to play with them."

Cassi was a little stunned. "Your dad? Your dad wants to...?"

The younger girl's face turned bright red. "Yeah, I mean, no!" she stammered. "I just thought, you and your dad talk about stuff, so I thought..."

"Well, yeah, but..." Cassi paused, and had a sudden realization. "So, Anna..." she continued, "this older guy you were talking about, the one you said was your boyfriend. Is he your dad?"

Anna looked very nervous. "I probably shouldn't say anything. I don't want him to get into any trouble."

"I already told you that I wouldn't tell anybody anything, right?" Cassi tried to sound reassuring. "And I swear I won't be judgmental. I'm not like that."

"Ummm..." the young girl hesitated.

"And," Cassi continued, "we just talked about all three of us doing it together, right? Don't you think I'll find out who he is, if we do that?"

"I guess... Yeah, that's true," Anna admitted.

"So, tell me! Tell me about it!"

"My mom died a long time ago--" Anna started the story.

"Oh god, I'm sorry to hear that," Cassi said.

"I was just little, so I don't really remember."

"Still," Cassi said, "it must be really hard, having no mom."

"Yeah, but I think it's harder on my dad," Anna said. "Ever since she died, he's basically just devoted all his attention to me. All his time and... And everything."

"That's sweet! He sounds like a good dad!"

Anna nodded. "He is! And, you know, he gets lonely sometimes, right?"

"Sure," Cassi nodded, too. "I can imagine he must."

"So..."

"So that's where you come in," Cassi stated, matter-of-factly.

Anna smiled, the first time she seemed at all comfortable since this conversation began. "Yeah, that's where I come in!"

"It seems pretty sweet to me," Cassie said.

"I'm glad you think that." Anna let out a big breath, and her cheeks finally paled a little bit. "I was worried that you'd, you know, think he was abusing me or something."

"Yeah... He isn't, right?" Cassi asked. "I mean, you're okay with it and everything?"

"No! I mean, yes! He's really sweet, and I'm totally okay with it. I really like it, actually."

"Good!"

"Hey, would you want to meet him? He's gonna come to our next game. I can introduce you."

"Sure, that'd be sweet!" Cassi said.
Chapter Three: After School Sex with Lindsay

Lindsay was Cassi's best friend and the short stop on the Monroe High School softball team. There was a whole lot that Cassi loved about Lindsay: The way the girl could always make her laugh, no matter how bad her day was going. The way she never let anyone walk on her, especially not the boys. And Cassi loved to look at her, too; she had beautiful hazel eyes, sculpted legs and the muscular physique of a runner.

But most of all, Cassi loved the way that Lindsay tasted. Every part of her. Right now, as they lay together on Lindsay’s bed in the afternoon sunlight, she was focused on her best friend's lips, on her tongue, the inside of her mouth. They’d been kissing for fifteen minutes now, and Cassi could keep it up for ages.

The two of them kissed for the first time when they were twelve years old. It was so exciting back then! They were each other’s "first kiss." And it’s still exciting now, but different. More practiced, more experienced, more refined. One difference was that now, they understood their own bodies, and each other’s bodies, so much better. And so, when Cassi felt Lindsay moving underneath her -- the tell-tale rhythmic motions, the pressing of her body into Cassi, she knew what her friend wanted, and she obliged, leaving the delicious wetness of Lindsay's mouth behind and kissing down her chin, her neck, her chest. Lindsay arched her back as Cassi’s lips began to kiss her breast bone, her fingers expertly undoing each button of her blouse as her lips ventured lower, then pulling her bra cups down to expose her breasts.

Lindsay wasn’t a big girl, up top. Let’s just say, she can handle the inside fastball just fine! But Cassi loved her tits. She thought they were the prettiest things on Earth. And in particular, she loved the way Lindsay’s nipples tasted. She loved the way they fit perfectly in her mouth, like they were precisely and expertly designed for her to suck. And suck, she did, while Lindsay writhed underneath her, she kissed and licked and suckled on those beautiful little pink nipples until they were stiff and her friend finally put her hands on Cassi’s head and, with the strength of the softball teams' star short stop, pushed her down, at the same time spreading her legs open in an unmistakable invitation.

Lindsay was naked a moment later, the two of them together freeing her beautiful teenage body from the confines of her clothes, and Cassi was down between her legs, tasting another part of her, sliding her tongue the length of Lindsay’s pussy slit, up to her clit, down, down even lower than the bottom of the slit and gently teasing her anus, then up again.

Lindsay moaned, and quivered. She shook and squirmed. She grabbed her friend’s head and pulled her into her while she closed her legs around her, holding Cassi in place with her muscular thighs.

She had a runner’s thighs. Cassi loved her best friend’s thighs, finely sculpted like works of art. And, since she didn’t want her to cum yet -- she wanted to make her wait, to build up the beautiful agonizing tension of the orgasm -- she pulled her tongue away from her friend’s soaking slit. Lindsay let out a sigh, a groan, a barely-voiced "Please!" But at the same time she loosened her hold on Cassi’s head, and Cassi turned and began to kiss a thigh. So soft, so strong, so sweet and savory and delicious. Up, down, teasingly passing over her pussy as she turned to the other thigh.

"Please," the seventeen year old said again.

"Please what?" Cassi teased, kissing the soft warm skin.

"Please kiss my pussy more!"

"Do you want to cum?"

"Yes, oh god yes," Lindsay answered between panting breaths.

And so Lindsay moved back down her best friend’s thigh, slowly, but determinedly, kissing the soft flesh inch by inch, until she could feel the warm humidity of her friend’s pussy and she herself couldn’t take it anymore, she had to taste the girl’s cum, she had to make her cum!

When her tongue lapped across Lindsay’s clit, her friend arched her back high into the air and let out a loud, long, low moan, "Oh, god!"

Cassi smiled. Lindsay loved to cum, and Cassi loved to be the one that made her cum.

And then she felt the wetness flowing out of her friend, and she knew that it was time. She sucked Lindsay’s clit into her mouth, twirling her tongue over the stiff nub, and slid two fingers into the girl’s hot cunt, and at that moment, at the very moment of penetration, Lindsay erupted. She cried out, her legs shook, and suddenly everything was wet, the bed sheets, Cassi’s hand, Cassi’s face, Lindsay’s beautiful sculpted thighs, everything was suddenly soaking wet, and Lindsay locked those soaking thighs around Cassi’s head and shook and moaned and came.

Afterwards, they lay together, Lindsay still naked with her legs spread wide, Cassi gently kissing her friend’s cheek while her fingers softly rubbed her nipples.

"So you know that new girl, Anna?" Cassi said between little kisses.

"Yeah, the little cutie with the red hair and freckles," Lindsay answered. "I’ve been working with her a bit."

"How’s that going?"

"Oh, fine. I like it when I get to help adjust her stance. Then I get to stand behind her and wrap my arms around her."

"You’re naughty!" Cassi laughed.

"She seems to like it," Lindsay laughed, too.

"So she and I were talking the other day," Cassi said. "She says she’s got an older boyfriend." Cassi decided it’d be best to leave out the fact that the boyfriend was actually Anna’s dad.

"Oh yeah?" Lindsay sat up, interested in this conversation. "How much older?"

"I don’t know," Cassi evaded the question. "Maybe a lot older."

"Like, twenty?"

"Maybe. Anyway…"

"Thirty?" Lindsay said

"Maybe. So…"

"God, can you imagine that cute little thing with a thirty year old guy? Kinda hot to think about."

"It is," Cassi agreed. "On that note…"

"Do you think she lets him fuck her?" Lindsay slid her hand down between her legs.

"Yes, she does," Cassi said. "She told me."

"Oh god," Lindsay groaned, her fingers pushing into her still-wet slit. "She must have the tiniest little pussy. I can just picture a guy forcing his big--" she moaned, fucking herself with her fingers "--thick cock into her!"

"You’re so dirty," Cassi laughed.

Lindsay laughed, too, between a couple more moans, before she slowed down her fingers a bit. "It’s pretty hot to think about. She’s just so cute. I’d love to fuck her, wouldn’t you?"

"Well, that’s what I’m trying to tell you," Cassi said, "if you’d just shut up for a minute. She says her boyfriend asked her if she ever wanted to do a three-way with another girl, and--"

"No way!" Lindsay shouted. "No fucking way! You’re gonna do a three way with them?!?"

"I told her I was interested. It hasn’t gone any farther than that."

"Of course you’re interested. How hot would that be? Jesus!" She started finger-fucking herself more quickly again. "You gotta…" she moaned, "...tell me all about it! Oh, fuck!"

The teenager pulled her fingers out of her pussy, turned and gave Cassi a kiss. "I really need to get dressed before my parents get home." She stood up and fished around on the bed, looking for her panties and bra. "So is her boyfriend cute? Have you met him yet?"

"Yeah, he came to a game last week."

"And? Cute?"

Cassi shrugged her shoulders. "I guess. Maybe ‘handsome’ is better? He’s…"

"Handsome is good," Lindsay said, finally locating the underwear and pulling it on. "Well-hung is better, but I don’t suppose you got much of a look at that."

"No. But I bet it’s big enough to do the job."

Lindsay was dressed now, and Cassi stood up and gave her friend one last kiss.

"I’m fucking jealous," Lindsay said. "I could sure use some real dick for a change."

"I’m definitely looking forward to it," Cassi said.

"I can imagine you are."
Chapter Four: Anna Behind the Plate

"Your assessment?" Coach Ryder didn’t look up from the papers she was busily shuffling on her large metal desk.

"She’s totally ready," Cassi said.

"And you don’t mind if I bump you, and she gets the start today?"

"Nah, I wanna see how she does," Cassi said.

"Alright then," Coach said. "You go tell her the good news."

"Will do. And, thanks, Coach."

"Thanks?" Coach asked.

"Yeah, for giving Anna this chance," Cassi explained as she stood to leave the office.

Coach didn’t look up from her papers. "Oh, and Cassi," she said.

"Yes?"

"Nice work."

"Thanks, Coach!"

Cassi was beaming when she left the coach's office.

A few minutes later, Anna grabbed Cassi in as big a bear hug as the little thing could muster. "I can’t believe it!" she said, planting her lips right on Cassi’s cheek. Cassi looked around, and saw Lindsay and Emily grinning at the two of them.

"I can’t believe it!" Anna said again. "I get to start today!" Cassi shot a smile back at the two other girls as she returned Anna's kiss, on her cheek this time.

"Yes, you do, you get the start," Cassi told the girl. "You’ve earned it."

"Oh, thank you!" Anna said. "Thank you for all your help. You’re so sweet! And guess what? My dad is coming to he game today!"

"Awesome," Cassi said. "He gets to watch your debut!"

"Yes, he does!" the young girl practically squealed. "He’s gonna be so proud! And he knows it’s all because of you. I always tell him how great you are."

Cassi laughed, but she did wonder -- how much do they actually talk about her? Did Anna tell him that Cassi knows about what he does with his daughter? Does he know that Anna invited her to join them some day?

"Let's get to the warm-ups," Cassi affected a professional air. "I want to make sure you’re ready."

Cassi watched the cute little freckle-faced fourteen year old Freshman as she did some calisthenics, and a few sprints, and then practiced some base-stealing drills. She’d definitely gotten a lot better at throwing out runners over the last few weeks.

"Looking good," she said to the girl, once they'd cleared off the diamond and it was time for the game to start.

"Thank you!" Anna said back. "Oh, look!" She pointed into the stands. "Daddy’s here! Come on!" She grabbed Cassi by the hand and dragged her over to where her father was standing.

"Daddy!" she hollered. "Guess what? I’m starting today!"

Her father had a kindly smile, and his blue eyes twinkled happily when he looked affectionately down at his young daughter. "That’s great!"

"I know!" Anna said as they climbed up the stand to him. "And I owe it all to Cassi!"

The man gave his daughter a hug, turning his kindly gaze to Cassi. "Hello, Cassi," he said. "From what Anna tells me, you’re pretty remarkable."

She blushed at his gaze. Maybe she was over-interpreting, but she had the distinct impression that he was looking at her in that particular way that guys look at girls, when they're thinking about having sex with them.

Cassi was all composure, despite what he -- or at least what she -- was thinking. "Thank you, Mr. Hallbrooke."

He laughed. "Oh come on, call me Brian."

She gave him a knowing smile. "You got it, Brian. Now Anna, we better get back to work or Coach is going to get pissed."

"Don’t want that," Brian said. "Run along, Anna. I’ll see you after the game. We can celebrate!"

Cassi wondered what sort of celebration Anna’s father might have in mind.



The game went well. They were playing a team from one of the smaller, rural high schools. The poor girls didn't really have much of a chance against the Monroe Mustangs. In fact, that’s a big part of the reason that Coach chose today to let Anna have her first start; the girl could actually fuck up pretty bad, and it probably wouldn’t matter.

But, in fact, Anna did not fuck up. Not at all. In the third inning, she had the chance to throw out a girl stealing second, and Anna executed the throw with perfection. Cassi was beaming with pride when the umpire made her fist pump and shouted, "Oooout!" The crowd of mostly Mustang fans stood up and cheered. And in the next inning, she cracked a two out single over the head of the short stop. She wound up getting stranded at first, but it was a good hit and she was all smiles when she got back to the dugout.

The game ended with the expected victory, 7-2, and once again Anna took Cassi by the hand and dragged her to the stands.

"We did it, Daddy!" she said.

"You did!" He gave his daughter another hug. "What are we going to do to celebrate?"

"Let’s get ice cream!" Anna said. "Can Cassi come along? I mean, if it’s okay with you, Cassi."

Anna’s father’s eyes met Cassi’s. It seemed like they were burning into her. She knew exactly what he was thinking, she didn’t have any doubt at all. So, she thought to herself, Anna must have told him everything. Suddenly, Cassi pictured Anna's father on top of her, both of them naked, his hips pumping hard.

It'd been months since Cassi had a dick inside her, and to be honest, that was a pretty underwhelming experience. She felt like she'd never actually gotten a proper fucking by a guy who knows what he's doing. And as Mr. Hallbrooke looked right into her eyes with his burning stare, she felt herself suddenly get wet between her legs. Fuck, she was horny! And she couldn't help wondering, will today actually be the day? Mr. Hallbrooke wants it to be, she could tell.

And so did Cassi.

"I’d love to come along," Cassi answered, just as casual as could be.

"Great!" Anna said. "But I’m all sweaty and gross, I should probably take a shower before we get the ice cream."

"Yeah, me too," Cassi said.

"Okay," Mr. Hallbrooke said. "You two go shower, and I’ll meet you at the car when you're done."

"Oh, nobody showers here," Anna said to her father. "Right, Cassi?"

Cassi laughed. "True. They use some of the shower stalls for storage! I guess girls don’t like parading around naked in front of other people."

"Well, that’s a shame," Mr. Hallbrooke said.

"Why’s that?" Cassi asked him, giving as flirty a grin as she possibly could out in public.

"Daddy thinks girls should be proud of their bodies!" Anna answered for him.

Mr. Hallbrooke laughed. "Let’s load your bags in the car then," he said, "and you can shower at home." He picked up both of the girls’ duffle bags and started in the direction of the parking lot.

"He really does say that," Anna said discreetly to Cassi as the two followed her father. "He always tells me I should be proud of my body."

"That’s sweet," Cassi said. "And you should."

"You should, too!" the younger girl said. "You're so pretty!"

Cassi laughed. "Thank you!"

"I know Daddy thinks you’re pretty," Anna said, even quieter. "He told me, the first time you met."

Cassi smiled as she looked at the man carrying their duffle bags in front of them. "That’s nice of him."

"He is really nice," Anna said. "Don’t you think?"

"Yeah, sure, he seems like a nice guy."

"He is! And, do you think he’s cute?" the young girl asked Cassi.

"Um, yeah. Sure." Cassi wasn’t entirely sure that she’d describe him as "cute," but, okay.

"I know he’s kinda old," Anna said, "but…"

At this point, Mr. Hallbrooke had arrived at their car in the parking lot and clicked the button on his key to pop the trunk.

"But older guys are sexy, right?" Cassi finished the young girl’s sentence for her, right before they arrived at the car as well.

Anna giggled. "Exactly!"

"What’re you two laughing about?" Mr. Hallbrooke asked as he tossed their duffles in the trunk.

"Nothing, Daddy!" Anna said, and giggled some more, as she and Cassi climbed into the back seat of the car.
Chapter Five: Anna's First Kiss

The conversation during the ride home focused on more appropriate topics than girls and their bodies, and older men being sexy. Mostly, they talked about the game, and how well Anna had played. Cassi suspected that Mr. Hallbrooke may have wanted to talk about naked girls some more, but he seemed quite happy to talk about his daughter's skills behind the plate.

A few minutes later, when they pulled into the Hallbrooke's driveway, Anna practically jumped out of the car before it had even stopped moving.

"Com'on, Cassi!" she hollered. "The quicker we take our showers, the quicker we can get ice cream!"

Cassi gave Mr. Hallbrooke a smile and followed her friend into the house and up the stairs, where Anna was already stripping out of her softball uniform.

"Is it okay if I shower first?" the young girl asked Cassi as she pulled her jersey off. She had an undershirt on, but no bra. Stiff little bullet nipples poked through the thin cotton of the undershirt, and Cassi could tell that the girl's tits were clearly even smaller than she'd imagined they'd be. "I mean, unless you want to go first?"

"No, no, go ahead," Cassi said, sitting down.

"I'll be quick, I promise." She pulled her softball pants down. "I hope you don't mind if I just... I mean, I'm not embarrassed about my body or anything."

Cassi smiled at her. "No, I don't mind."

"Good!" Anna pulled the undershirt up over her head, then dropped her panties, and Cassi got her first good look at the little Freshman cutie, completely naked. The first thing Cassi noticed was the girl's firm little titties, standing so high on her chest, sweet pink conical puff-ball nipples poking up in the middle of each. Anna's tits looked exactly like they might have just erupted yesterday, like she'd barely entered puberty. Good god, they were adorable. Cassi couldn't help but wonder if this is what Anna's dad liked in a girl. Well, hopefully he has more varied tastes than that, because although Cassi's tits weren't exactly big, they weren't anything like Anna's. They sure didn't look like she'd just entered puberty.

Cassi caught just a flash of a tiny little tuft of red hair between the girl's legs, before Anna climbed into the shower, and Cassi suddenly remembered the earliest times that she'd been with Lindsay, back when they were both twelve years old on the same 12u softball team. They'd barely begun to develop back then, but they were both bundles of exploding sexual energy, and they would play together for hours. She couldn't help but wonder if Anna had that same youthful explosive sexual energy. Jesus, no wonder her dad likes to fuck her!

These thoughts inspired Cassi, and she stood up and quickly stripped out of her softball uniform as well. Then she peeked into the shower, where Anna was busy rinsing shampoo from her hair.

"Hey," Cassi said, "do you think there's room for both of us in there?"

Anna turned and looked at her, and a big smile broke across her face. "Sure!"

Cassi climbed in and stood under the warm water, feeling it cascade down her body. She grabbed a bar of soap and started rubbing it on her chest. Anna just stood and stared, watching the older girl rubbing her tits right in front of her. Then Cassi reached out, the soap in one hand, lather in the other, and started rubbing Anna's little tits. Anna closed her eyes, and her mouth parted slightly. Cassi leaned in and kissed the girl.

They stood there kissing in the shower for a very long time while Cassi rubbed the soap all over Anna's body, her breasts and her arms, then her back and her ass, then down between her cheeks, rubbing the soap on the young girl's asshole and slipping her fingers through her legs to pet her pussy.

Anna lifted her hands and put them on Cassi's tits. "I've never kissed a girl before," she said.

"I love kissing girls," Cassi said, and kissed Anna again. Her middle finger was rubbing up and down the young girl's pussy slit. "It's even better than kissing guys."

"I've only ever kissed one guy," Anna confessed.

"Your dad?" Cassi asked.

"Yeah," Anna moaned into Cassi's mouth as the older girl kissed her again, pushing her finger into the little girl's pussy.

"I bet he'd like to see us right now," Cassi said with a mischievous glimmer in her eyes. Her finger was buried two knuckles deep now in the tight warm flesh of the girl's vagina, and she was aggressively pushing a second finger in.

"Ohhh..." the girl moaned. "He would, I know he would!"

"Do you think he'd want to watch me fingering his daughter?" Cassi asked, grinning.

"Yes," Anna moaned some more. "Yes! Oh, yes! Should we, should we get him?"

"Let's just play together for a little longer, okay?" Cassi said. "There's something I want to do. But then, I think we should get him."

"Okay," Anna said, already starting to shake as Cassi slid two fingers in and out of her.

Then Cassi knelt in front of the young girl, and leaned down, and stuck out her tongue. Anna let out the most adorable little moan, sweet and high-pitched, as her friend started licking her stiff little clit, and Cassi sat there on her knees in the shower, with the warm water running over both of them, and she finger-fucked and licked the girl until Anna shook even harder, and moaned even sweeter and louder, and then the little fourteen year old came, shaking and squealing.

Cassi stood up, grinning.

"Oh, god," Anna moaned, looking up at her friend with an expression of ecstasy.

"You liked that, huh? Isn't it way more fun when a girl does it?"

Anna just nodded, unable to form any words.

Then the older girl gave the younger girl one more peck on the lips, and she climbed out of the shower. She quickly dried herself with a towel that hung nearby and wrapped it around herself. Anna staggered out of the shower after her, the young girl's legs apparently not quite working yet.

With the towel covering everything, although just barely, Cassi left the bathroom and climbed down the stairs to where Mr. Hallbrooke was sitting on the couch, looking at his phone.

"Oh, hi, Brian," Cassi said. His eyes practically exploded from their sockets when he saw her standing there in nothing but a tiny little towel. "I guess I left my duffle bag in your car, so I don't have my clothes right now."

The man shot to his feet. "Oh, sorry! I should have grabbed it when we came in the house. Let me get you a bathrobe," he said, already darting up the stairs, "and then I'll run out to the car."

"Okay." Cassi followed him up the stairs, and at the top, they encountered Anna. The fourteen year old hadn't bothered to wrap herself in a towel, and she was buck naked, still very red-faced from her orgasm a few minutes earlier.

"Hi, Daddy," she said.

"Hi, sweetheart," he answered, obviously trying not to stare at his naked daughter, and not exactly succeeding. "I'm just grabbing a bathrobe for Cassi, 'cause I forget to get your duffles from the car. You get dressed while I grab the bags, okay? And then we can go get the ice cream."

Anna looked at Cassi, and Cassi gave her a smile. "You know, Mr. Hallbrooke," she said, looking back at the man. "I mean, Brian..."

"Yeah?" he said.

"Anna and I've been talking," she said.
Chapter Six: Ménage à Trois

In the middle of Mr. Hallbrooke's bedroom, his adorable red-haired, freckle-faced young daughter knelt before him and began to unbutton his pants.

"Daddy," she said. "Cassi wants to watch me give you a blow job."

Mr. Hallbrooke was obviously very enthusiastic about what the girls were proposing, and he helped his daughter pull his pants and boxers down. Before his daughter had a chance to get his cock into her mouth, and he turned towards Cassi.

Cassi had been with a few boys. Not very many, but a few. And she knew that every one of them liked to show off their dicks. It made her smile, to know that Mr. Hallbrooke was just the same. He wanted Cassi to see his dick, and she obliged, licking her lips while she stared at it. The man was large, that's for sure, bigger than the boys she'd been with, and at the sight of it, Cassi had an overwhelming desire to have that cock inside her.

But first, it was Anna's turn. She finally got her father's cock in her mouth, and began to stroke and suck him with surprising skill. It was obvious to Cassi that Anna has had a lot of practice. To be honest, the older girl was a little jealous. Lots of guys had told her that she was good at giving head, but she knew she wasn't nearly as good at it as Anna.

But she didn't really care that much. She really didn't want to suck cock right now anyway. She had something else in mind. And so, the seventeen year old high school senior dropped the towel from her body and stepped up to the father and his daughter in the middle of the room.

"Do you want to fuck me, Mr. Hallbrooke?" she said.

"Call me Brian," he said. Cassi laughed, but at that moment, the man stepped away from his daughter's mouth, reached down to Cassi's hips, turned her and effortlessly tossed her onto his bed. He was on top of her in a heartbeat, spreading her legs open with his knees, reaching down and directing his cock into her.

"Oh, god!" Cassi moaned as she felt Anna's father's thick cock head pushing into her and stretching her open. And then, he was fucking her. He was on top of her and pushing his cock in deeper with each powerful thrust of his hips against her, until eventually he was all the way inside and she felt his balls slapping up against her ass.

She'd never experienced anything like this, not in her wildest dreams. No boy she'd ever been with had just tossed her on the bed like she was a rag doll. No boy had ever climbed on her and shoved his cock in her like Mr. Hallbrooke had just done. No boy had ever fucked her hard like this.

And she loved it. She absolutely loved it.

"Oh, yes!" she shouted. "Fuck me, Brian! Fuck me, Mr. Hallbrooke!"

The next few minutes were a frenzy as Anna's father rutted in and out of Cassi like an animal. She felt his large head burrow all the way inside her, bottoming out deep into the end of her vagina. Then she felt it sliding back, then ramming in again, over and over and over. Oh god, it was the greatest feeling she'd ever had. Mr. Hallbrooke was using her, and she loved every second of it. And she knew right then that she would let him cum inside her if he wanted. She didn't care, she didn't want him to stop. She wanted him to ride her like a little whore, then fill her with sperm and leave her begging for more.

"Oh, fuck," the man groaned. "Oh, fuck! I'm gonna... I'm gonna!"

"Cum, Mr. Hallbrooke!" Cassi shouted, shaking with the beginning of her own orgasm. "Cum!!!"

And she heard Anna squealing, on the bed next to them: "Cum, Daddy, cum!!!"

But right then, to Cassi's instant disappointment, he pulled his cock out of her completely. Everything after that happened very fast, too fast for Cassi to really experience it all in real time, but an observer -- Anna, for example -- would have seen him quickly sit up on his knees above Cassi and put his hands hard on her pelvis, pressing down. And his thumbs were at the inside of her thighs, powerfully holding her legs spread open wide around him. Then he growled, long and low, sounding aggressive and a little frightening. Almost angry. And a split second later, he exploded, firing cum onto her belly.

The first shot was large, splatting hard against her sternum and down her stomach. But the second one, holy shit, the second shot launched from his cock with amazing force, sailing through the air in an arch that landed on Cassi's eye and trailed down her cheek and neck, and ended on her tit. Before Cassi could even react, other than to squint shut her cum-covered eye, the man's third shot had already launched, and it did the same as the second, arching into the air as he growled and Anna squealed, and it struck Cassi square on the mouth with a solid, wet splat.

Mr. Hallbrooke continued growling and cumming, and Anna continued squealing with excitement, while the last several less emphatic shots covered Cassi's belly with his warm, sticky semen.

When he finally finished, his hand was gripping his cock now and shaking the last few drops of cum onto Cassi's tummy, and Anna had climbed up next to her friend on the bed.

"He cums so much!" the young girl said, grinning.

Cassi opened her mouth to respond, but that caused the cum that had landed on her mouth to drip down onto her tongue, and all she could do was giggle and nod in agreement.

"And he shoots it so far!" Anna said.

Nothing but giggles and nodding from Cassi in response.

Then Anna leaned over her friend, and started licking her father’s cum off of her cheek. As she lapped up the cum, Cassi moved her head towards her, and Anna’s tongue found its way into Cassi’s mouth, and the two girls kissed, and shared Anna’s father’s cum. Then Anna continued down, kissing the older girl’s neck, and her breasts, and her belly, sucking her father’s cum off of her friend.

And then she went down further, until she was down between Cassi’s legs. Cassi arched her back, lifting her pussy to the young girl.

It was obviously the first time that Anna had gone down on a girl, but Cassi didn’t particularly care. She was horny as fuck, from being ridden like a whore by Anna's dad, and from the giant cumshot he'd just given her, and from his daughter licking up all his cum when he was done. At that point, anything at all that Anna did with her tongue would have sent Cassi to heaven, and she was in ecstasy for the second time that night, moaning and writhing and on the verge of orgasm, when she saw through bleary eyes that Mr. Hallbrooke had positioned himself behind his daughter, grabbing her by the hips and lifting her ass in the air. His cock was hard again, or maybe he never went soft? And then the man got his second pussy that afternoon, sliding his cock into his daughter’s cunt and fucking her from behind while she kissed and suckled on Cassi’s clit.

Watching her little friend get fuck by her father, along with the girl’s inexpert tongue on Cassie’s pussy, was more than enough to push Cassi over the edge, and she started shaking and moaning as wave after wave of orgasm began to pulse through her body. But Anna didn’t stop, and neither did her father, and the three-way sex continued through the older girl’s orgasm until Cassi was sure that she couldn't take another second.

At that point, Mr. Hallbrooke pulled out of his daughter's pussy and Anna gave a disappointed moan that was muffled between Cassi's legs. Her father climbed off the bed, his cock hard and shining red, and he walked around to the other side of the bed. He gruffly grabbed Cassi under her arms and slid her, so that her head was at the edge of the bed and his cock, looking huge and hard, was right above her face. Cassi saw his balls dripping with Anna’s pussy cum, and she opened her mouth, and lifted her head, and planted her lips right on his sack.

"Do you taste Anna’s pussy on my balls?" the man asked her.

Cassi nodded.

"Good," he said, looking down at her. "I want you to taste her while she’s tasting you." And right on queue, Anna started licking Cassi's pussy again.

Cassi wanted to taste Anna, too, and so she licked and sucked and cleaned her friend’s cum off of her father’s balls.

With one hand, Mr. Hallbrooke started stroking his cock while he hung his nutsack in Cassi's mouth, and with his other hand, he ran his fingers over her head, then locked them in her hair, gripping tight. He slid her by the hair until her head hung off the edge of the bed, and he pulled his balls away from her and stepped back, aiming his thick cockhead right at her mouth.

"Open wide, Cassi," he ordered.

She quite willingly obliged, and her friend's father shoved his bloated dick into her lips. But to Cassi’s shock, he didn’t stop when he was in her mouth. He just kept sliding in, and with her head leaning down off the bed, he had a straight line right down her throat. The man grabbed the sides of her head with both of his big strong hands, and he rammed his cock down her throat and started skull-fucking her.

Cassi had never done deep throat before, but the angle was good, and she fought off her reflex to gag. She opened her eyes and watched his balls, now cleaned of his daughter’s cum, swinging above her while he fucked her throat, dragging over her nose as he plunged in deep. And at that very moment, Anna finally found her grove down between Cassi’s legs, flicking her tongue over her clit, and Cassi felt her body giving way to another orgasm. And, as she began to cum, Anna’s father pulled his cock out of her throat, but he left his head in her mouth, and he grunted in a sound that was familiar to Cassi by now. She knew the man was cumming, and that he was cumming in her mouth, and in an instant, her mouth was filled with sperm.

And Cassi, always a good girl, swallowed every drop.
Chapter Seven: Ice Cream

Cassi sat with Anna and her father in the afternoon sun outside the ice cream shop, licking her cone with great enthusiasm. Her throat was sore from Mr. Hallbrooke’s skull-fuck, and the ice cream was very soothing. She saw the man smiling knowingly at her, and she smiled back. Yeah, you horny fucker, she thought to herself. I don't mind what you did to me. I'll let you do it again, if you want.



"Do you want to come back to our house now?" Anna asked Cassi, when they'd finished their cones. "We could order pizza and watch a movie or something! Would that be okay, Daddy?"

Cassi looked at Mr. Hallbrooke, and she felt his eyes burn into her. At this point, she was feeling quite used and abused, but she liked the look he gave her. It made her pussy suddenly get wet.

"Sure, that'd be fine," Mr. Hallbrooke answered. "Unless Cassi wants us to take her home instead.

"No," she said, all composure. Her answer was as much for him, as it was for Anna. Cassi wanted him to know that if he wanted to fuck her again, she was game. And Mr. Hallbrooke definitely wanted to fuck her again. She could tell. The way he was looking at her, there was no doubt at all. "Pizza sounds good," she added.

Back at the Hallbrooke's house, they ate the pizza and watched some anime. But only a few episodes in, it was clear that Anna was very sleepy, and shortly the little red-haired, freckle-faced cutie was asleep next to Cassi on the couch with a smile on her face that made it look like she was dreaming about all the fun things that happened that day. Anna, the Freshman catcher with her first start of her high school softball career; Anna, who had her first kiss from a girl; Anna, who brings her girlfriend home to her daddy and watches while he fucks her, and then cleans his cum off of her when he’s done.

Anna's father seemed to have similar thoughts. "It looks like Anna’s asleep," he said. "I suppose I should be taking you home soon, too?"

"Yeah," Cassi answered. "But maybe... not quite yet."

That was all the encouragement that the man needed. A moment later, Cassi’s pants and undies were at her ankles, and she was on her hands and knees, kneeling over on the couch above his daughter. Cassi knew this was exactly where Mr. Hallbrooke would want her, and he was obviously inspired. He climbed behind her and, while Anna slept beneath them, he sloppily licked Cassi's pussy slit. And when he was satisfied that she was wet enough, he sat up on his knees, and dropped his pants, and Cassi felt his big thick dick pushing into her again.

"Oooh," she moaned. "Oh, fuck me, Brian!"

Anna opened her sleepy eyes and smiled as her dad started sliding his cock in and out of Cassi’s cunt. "You’re doing it again!" the sleepy girl said with a sweet little smile.

"Oh, god, yes," Cassi moaned, and then she turned her head toward Anna's, and the two girls kissed, their tongues dancing in each other’s mouths while Mr. Hallbrooke’s cock burrowed deep into Cassi, stretching her open, ramming in and out, over and over.

She could hear the man moaning, and she knew he was getting close. She wondered if he was going to pull out again, and she didn’t want him to. She loved the feeling of his bare cock all the way inside her, his big balls slapping against her clit, and she wanted, oh god she wanted so badly! to feel his cum shooting inside her, to feel him filling her with his daddy seed.

The man grabbed tight to Cassi's hips and slammed into her and she moaned into his daughter's mouth, and he slammed in hard one more time, two more times, three more, and then he held himself there, deep inside her, and lifted his head into the air and bellowed. And he unleashed his torrent of cum, injecting it directly into her teenage womb. Suddenly Cassi was soaking wet, and fully lubricated, and she began to cum herself as the man man reared back and rammed in with no resistence at all, and fired another shot. He just kept fucking her and cumming, and she shook and moaned into Anna’s mouth while she took his whole load, every drop of it, deep inside her pussy.



Cassi gave both of them goodbye kisses when they dropped her off at her house. Just a little kiss for Mr. Hallbrooke, but a nice long deep kiss for Anna. The sweet young girl was all smiles when their lips finally parted.

"Thanks for a nice evening," Cassi said as she hoisted her duffle bag over her shoulder.

"Let's do it again, real soon," Mr. Hallbrooke said.

Cassi laughed, and gave him a smile. "I agree, let's do!"

"I agree, too!" Anna said. "And Cassi?"

"Yeah?" Cassi said to the adorable little red-head, freckle-faced little girl.

"Softball Rocks!"

The two girls laughed, and gave each other one last hug, and Cassi walked up the driveway to her house.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
