Arthur is standing anxiously in the doorway of their hut when Kai returns through the gathering winter dusk.

'No need to ask where you've been. But you should have told me you were going.'

'You were asleep,' Kai says. 'And I didn't want to have any more excuses not to face him.'

'Well?' Arthur's voice is brittle with tension.

Kai puts an arm round his friend's shoulders. 'You needn't have worried. And neither need I.'

Arthur relaxes a little. 'I couldn't help it. And I began to understand why that mead jug was empty when I got back this morning. So I went to the longhouse and fetched another one.'

Kai grins, and pulls Arthur close. 'Well, what are we waiting for?'

As they share a cup of mead, sitting shoulder to shoulder on the bench by the wall, Kai tells Arthur of his meeting with Mark, and chides him a little for not telling the whole story. But only a little. Kai cannot bear to be unkind to Arthur for long. Not tonight. He is released from his shame, he has overcome his fear, and his heart is light. There may still be troubles ahead, and a need for caution in their future dealings with Cornwall; but tonight he is with Arthur, and he is happy, and all thoughts of the future can be put aside for the moment.

But then Arthur sets the empty cup down on the table, and says, 'I think we should set out for home tomorrow. We have been away too long already.'
Kai feels a shadow fall over his heart. 'Are you fit to travel?' 
'I expect I'll manage.'
'You're still not back to full strength –'
'We can go slowly.' 
'And my arm's still strapped –'
'You can ride one-handed if the pace is easy.'
Kai shakes his head doubtfully. 'Perhaps we would do better to wait another day or two.'

Arthur looks round at Kai, and grins. 'I know. I don't want to leave this hut either.' He takes Kai's face gently between his hands. 'My heart, were it up to me I would ask nothing more than to be with you, shut out the rest of the world, and leave the fighting and the responsibility to others. But that is not my fate. Nor is it yours. All we can do is take every opportunity that comes our way to be together, and be thankful for it.' He leans forward; his eyes are shining in the firelight.

'And tonight is one such opportunity…'

His lips brush Kai's, and the shadow is banished.

'And I am thankful for it,' Kai says quietly.

He lifts his head and lets his mouth open to Arthur's, just a little, inviting him closer. Arthur's lips part, just a little more, their touch soft and warm as he accepts the invitation. His breathing is unsteady; he winds a hand into Kai's hair and draws him closer still, opening wider, his kiss firmer, the invitation becoming a challenge. Kai presses against Arthur's side and meets the challenge, taking Arthur's mouth with all of his own, spreading his fingers across the back of Arthur's neck to pull him in and hold him, turning his head so they fit together completely, moulded into one. Arthur makes a small sound in his throat; his tongue slides into Kai's mouth, sending a shudder down Kai's spine. They have never kissed like this before, and suddenly Kai wonders what else they might do tonight that they have never done before.

They break apart, gasping, and look at each other. Then Arthur stands up, reaches out a hand to pull Kai to his feet, and leads him across the room to the bed. 
'More?' He is grinning.
'More. Now.' Kai grips the hem of Arthur's tunic and pulls it over his head.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The woollen blanket on the bed is prickly against Kai's naked skin, but he has long since ceased to notice it; Arthur's touch is like silk, like river water, like licking flame. Kai can't get enough of it. Arthur is teasing him: starting, and stopping, moving around Kai's body to stroke his thighs with gentle fingers, or brush over his nipples with a sweep of that raven hair, or run the softest touch of lips along the aching length of his erection, or run the hot tip of his own hard prick over the smooth skin of Kai's belly. Kai moans and writhes with pleasure and longing. He had thought he wanted Arthur before, but now –

Now he knows what it is that he really wants.

He rolls over to lie face down.

Offering himself.

Arthur catches his breath. 'Kai –'

For a heart-stopping moment, Kai fears that Arthur may refuse the gift; but then he feels Arthur's hands on him again, running down his spine, cupping the curves of his buttocks, parting them gently. He hears an indrawn breath, and knows Arthur is looking at him. Assessing this new and unfamiliar territory. He does his best to lie still, although his heart is pounding in his throat and his own swollen prick is pressing uncomfortably against his belly.

'How do we do this?' Arthur's voice from above him is quiet and thoughtful. 'I don't want to hurt you.'

He moves himself carefully between Kai's legs, spreading him wider; Kai feels a brief touch of Arthur's hardness and bites his lip with the effort of holding himself back. 
He forces himself to speak. 'I think… it might be easier if… there were something to lift me up.' 
He doesn't want to admit that he knows this because he once took a girl that way, wondering what it would be like with Arthur.
'I think you may be right.' Arthur gets off the bed and returns a few moments later with Kai's folded cloak. 'This looks as though it might help.'
He rolls the material up firmly, and reaches under Kai's body to lift him up and slide it in beneath him.

It's too much.

Kai shudders at his touch, gives a despairing wail, turns onto his side, and comes in a great rush, like a flood tide.

'Oh, Kai.' Arthur wraps a hand around Kai's length, to give him something to push against as the spasms subside; then lies down beside him and holds him gently. 'It's all right. We can still – that is, if you still want it –'
'I do still want it. But I'm sorry about this.' Kai looks down, embarrassed. 'I'll clean it up –'
But Arthur shakes his head, smiling. He runs two fingers through the slippery wetness on Kai's belly. 'Later. For now… this looks as though it might help, too.'

It does help.

Arthur coats his fingers with as much as he can gather of Kai's spilled seed and runs them slowly and steadily down into the valley between his buttocks, feeling his way to the place where he will enter him. Kai lies quiet, looking into Arthur's eyes, trying to steady his breathing and slacken his taut muscles. He doesn't know very much of this; but he does remember how the girl cried, because he was impatient, and she was afraid, and he hurt her. He doesn't care, for himself; but he doesn't want anything to spoil this, for Arthur.

Arthur puts the cloak back in place and Kai lies prone once more, with Arthur kneeling behind him. He closes his eyes; feels Arthur spreading him, stroking him; feels his body relaxing and opening up. He is ready.

Two fingers slide into Kai's mouth and out again. They taste of his own come: like earth, or wet flour.

Then Arthur presses a wet finger into Kai's entrance, moving it gently but firmly until Kai's body permits it to slip inside. Kai is breathless; he has dreamed of this for so long. But none of his dreams has prepared him for the reality. He writhes, and presses back against Arthur, spreading himself still wider until there is room for a second finger beside the first. Already he is hard again. 'Arthur –'
'Kai.' Arthur's voice is soft with love. 'My Kai.' He moves his fingers a little further in.
Kai keens with pleasure. 'Arthur…'

And then he knows it's time.

'Take me.'

Arthur draws a harsh breath, and gently withdraws his fingers. Kai hears him spit into his hand; he is making himself wet. Then the probing fingers are back, opening the way; Kai feels the heat of Arthur's prick, pressed against him, then entering him, breaking him apart. Arthur is trying to be gentle, and he has prepared Kai as carefully as he could, but he is big, and inexperienced, and desperately hard; it hurts.

Kai doesn't care. He moves a little from side to side, shifting to ease the pain, feeling Arthur slide further in.

It is terrifying, and beautiful; never before has he dared to make himself so completely vulnerable, nor has he ever felt so utterly trusting. He can tell that Arthur is trying to hold still, to give Kai's body time to accept his presence within it; Kai feels a rush of love at Arthur's unselfishness, and tilts his hips to take him deeper. Arthur gasps, and pushes into him, unable to resist any longer, and Kai hears himself cry out, pierced by a sudden, exquisite pleasure that seems to come from the very centre of his being. Arthur withdraws a little, but Kai follows him, wordlessly asking for more; they begin to move together in a slow rhythm, each responding to the other. Kai cries out once more, twice more, and then feels Arthur draw back, struggling for control; but this is a battle he isn't going to win. His hot, hard length pulses and shudders, and suddenly he is coming, calling Kai's name, thrusting helplessly into him, and they are swept away together.

Later, when they are clean again, and lying wrapped around each other in blissful warmth, Arthur says quietly, 'I'm sorry I hurt you.'
'You didn't.'
'Yes, I did, Kai. I know it.'
Kai smiles. 'I can't hide anything from you, can I?' He ruffles Arthur's hair affectionately. 'Very well, then, yes, you did, a little. But no matter. The pleasure was worth a hundred times the pain. And next time it'll be easier.'
'There will be a next time?'
'If you wish it.' 
'I do wish it.' Arthur's tone is serious. 'And I promise you, I shall still wish it after every next time, no matter how many there may be. Although...'
'What?'
There is a ripple of amusement in Arthur's voice. 'Although, if there are very many next times, that cloak of yours is going to need laundering again...'

Kai laughs, and pulls Arthur to him for one more kiss.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, Kai is packing the last of the saddlebags while Arthur goes to see to their horses and tell the village of their departure. Kai hears the door open behind him; he turns, expecting Arthur.

Instead, it is Mark.

'May I speak with you?' He is formal and polite.
Kai nods, but he is wary, even after their talk of the previous day. 
'Walk with me to the gate. Arthur's waiting for you.'

Kai picks up the bag, gives a last look round the hut that has been their refuge, and goes out into the chill morning air.

Mark walks slowly beside him, unsteady on his feet, leaning resentfully on a walking stick and muttering into his beard. 'Damned thing. It's like being an old man. But I'll throw it away at the first opportunity. If I don't break it over the head of one of those cursed healers first.'
Kai interrupts him. 'What was it you wished to say to me?' 
'Two things. First, that I yield the prize to my opponent. I wish you well. But if he should harm you –' 
Kai is affronted. 'He will not.' 
Mark grimaces wryly. 'No… being Arthur, and therefore perfect, I don't suppose that he will. But please do assure him, if he does' – the grimace turns into an evil grin – 'I will kill him.' 
'I thank you for your good wishes,' Kai says, tactfully. 'And the second thing?'
'A purely practical matter,' Mark says. 'Your horse is still unfit to bear you. So I have taken the liberty of providing you with another one.'

They round the corner of the longhouse and look towards the gate. Arthur is standing there, holding the reins of his white horse; and beside him, black and sleek, is the Cornish stallion.

Kai stops dead in his tracks, alarmed. But Mark says very quietly, for his ears alone:

'Don't worry. This time, I promise you, it is only a horse.'