Mark had always had a fascination with fairies. He had read many different legends about them and mostly they appeared to be very peaceful creatures.
One night he was up late on his computer and he stumbled across a website that had a way to summon a fairy. He didn't take it too seriously as he read it. It didn't give him much detail about what they did or what they wanted it simply had a small incantation you were supposed to say if you wanted to summon a fairy and to leave your window open.
Mark read it over and over again. The lack of information he thought was a bit odd but he really didn't believe it would actually work anyway. He read the incantation out loud in more of a "Why the hell not" kind of tone. It was not in English and was a little difficult but he made do. His window was already open as it was a warm night.
After he spoke the words he went on to look at other things online almost forgetting about the fairy site. As he searched he found himself getting horny. He hadn't found anything to stimulate him yet but he was definitely getting hard all of a sudden. He found himself on a porn site watching a few videos. He hadn't reached in to his pants yet as he was still looking for something better when he heard a voice.
"Typical man!"
Mark jumped when he heard it as he thought he was alone. He looked around his room and didn't see anyone. After a few minutes he sat back down thinking maybe it was a pop up ad on his computer in the background.
"Really you're just going to ignore me?"
Mark heard the voice again still wondering where it was coming from. He checked his desk top seeing if there was a hidden pop up with some chat for a porn site or something but he found nothing.
"Down here stupid!"
Mark glanced over and standing on his window sill was this tiny woman about 6 inches tall wearing a green leafy dress with transparent wings, her hair was red and shoulder length and she was staring at him with her arms crossed tapping her foot with a smirk on her face.
"Well you summoned me, are you just going to ignore me?"
Mark's mouth was wide open as he stared at this tiny creature in his room. He thought maybe he was going crazy and rubbed his eyes a few times. The fairy seemed to be losing her patience as Mark tried to wrap his head around what he was happening. She flew over and landed on his computer desk.
"So yeah I'm a fairy, you summoned me so where is the confusion coming from?
Mark cleared his throat, "I uh... I wasn't sure if it...uh... would actually work?"
"Most of you guys never do, but here I am, you summoned me and now I have to claim my prize!"
"Prize? what are you talking about?"
"Wow you really are stupid aren't you? don't you study up on something before you summon it?"
"Well yeah but like I said I didn't think fairies were real! what do you need?"
"I need you to take off your pants!"
"Wait what? why do I need to take my pants off?"
"So I can collect!"
"Collect?"
"You really think you were just looking up porn because you were just horny? That incantation you spoke starts a spell, I'm here to finish"
"Spell? What spell!
"Your penis! The words you spoke started to process making your dick ready for me, you have given up Control of your penis to me!"
"WHAT? No, no I didn't! I never said that!"
"You should really watch what you read, but yeah you don't really have a choice now, it's too late!"
"Too late? What are you going to do to me?"
She smiled at him without answering. He could feel his cock pulsing with anticipation for her. Mark stood up and tried to leave the room but his door slammed shut and would not open as if some magic was keeping it shut. The window then did the same thing, he was trapped.
The fairy just stood there on his desk watching him run around like an idiot but did nothing as she knew he could not escape. After a few minutes she raised her hand and sent out this green flash that knocked him down on his bed. Mark shook his head unsure of what just happened as she flew over and landed on his stomach. She shot another bit of green energy in to his wooden headboard causing vines to start to grow out of it wrapping around his wrists and holding his arms up.
"There that should keep you still!"
"Please don't do this to me!"
"It too late for that! besides you should relax the transformation process feels amazing!"
"Transformation? what are you doing to me?
Mark watched as she put her hands out zapping his jeans with the same green energy she had used before. His belt began to unbuckled followed by his button and zipper coming undone. He saw his bulge under his underwear as she grabbed his boxers and pulled them down revealing his cock, she was strong for her size. She landed in front of his cock and ran her fingers across it sending chills through him.
"Oh yes this one is perfect!"
"Perfect? for what?
She ignored him as she took off her leafy coverings letting them fall to her feet. She had an amazing looking body, her ass was perfect and her skin was milky, her breast were plump for her size. As he stared at her it only made him harder!
"There you go! I need you fully erect for this! I need you so horny you will beg me for release!" She said taunting him.
Mark was getting more and more worried as she climbed up on his member and laid down on it stretching her body out before she started rubbing herself against it. Mark couldn't help but enjoy the sensation at the same time knowing the more he enjoyed himself the more she controlled his cock.
She began to grind against him more and more, rubbing her tiny tits on his shaft. She slid down and began to tickle his balls with her feet making him squirm even more to her touch.
As she tormented his cock with pleasure he began to dribble a little pre-cum from his shaft which made her stop. She got off his shaft and walked around to his tip which was pointing up towards him and ran her fingers in to the little glob of goo before licking hand after.
"Oh that is perfect!" She said as she ran over to her fallen dress and pulled out what looked like a small cup made of leaves. She filled the cup with as much of the cum she could that had dribbled out. She then sat down in front of his cock and began to sprinkle some sort of powder in to the cup his cum was in and after a few seconds the contents of the cup began to glow bright green. She stood up and with another green flash his cock was now standing straight up. She flew up to the top with the cup in hand.
"Now this is where it gets fun!" She said with a devilish grin before she grabbed his cock and began to poor the contents of her cup in to his urethra.
Marks body jerked as the contents poorest deep inside his cock. It felt warm and tingly as it worked it's way down his shaft and in to his balls making his whole dick feel very strange. He could feel a warm almost pleasurable sensation moving around inside his cock making him squirm. His cock began to glow the same green color as the cup ingredients. He felt like he needed to cum. He had never needed to cum so bad in his whole life. He tried to get his hand free so he could jerk himself off as the Fairy just hovered there watching his cock Transform!
"What are you doing to me!?"
"I'm changing you cock in to a fairy feeding station, you will produce enough food to feed my entire tribe!"
"I need to cum! please let me cum it's too much!"
"You'll cum, when the transformation is complete. We can't have you coming too early or you'll ruin everything!"
Mark struggle to get free with all his might! He thought maybe if he could make himself cum before it finished he could save his cock! He pulled on the vines as hard as he could. His wrists had begun to bleed as the vines tightened until he finally felt a pop as one of the vines broke! After a second of being surprised of his freedom he wrapped his hand around his glowing cock and started jerking himself off as quickly as he could.
"No what are you doing? You cant! Not yet! It's almost done!" She tried to zap his hand but he slapped her away before she could. Within seconds his over stimulated cock started to spazm uncontrollably and he came shooting green goo up in to the air and all over the place. The orgasm was so intense and his cock wouldn't stop coming and coming as it emptied out all the magic goo she had poured in to him.
"What have you done!" She screamed watching his cock spazm.
After a few minutes of continuous Orgasm and watching his cock paint the room green Mark passed out from the intensity.

The next morning Mark awoke as the sun came up. He looked around the room and saw the vines from his headboard were gone and there was no sign of the green goo he had sprayed from his cock. His pants were down but his cock seemed normal. He jumped out of bed and felt relieved thinking maybe it was all a dream. He pulled his pants up and headed to the bathroom to jump in the shower.
As Mark cleaned himself off he suddenly felt horny again. He looked down and saw himself getting hard again. The whole experience whether a dream or not was a real turn on so he grabbed his cock in his hand and began to jerk himself off. It didn't take long for him to get off as the sensation felt amazing. He jerked his head back as the feeling got more intense. When he finally came he felt a lot of cum shooting out of him as it filled his palm. His whole body shuddered as his cock squirted all over his hand and all over the shower wall. The orgasm was incredible.
Once the sensation subsided he lowered his head to rinse himself off. He looked down in horror as he saw green goo all over his hand and the wall. He wasn't sure what to make of it, did he stop the spell in time?
He heard something, it almost sounded like a fluttering of bugs wings when he peaked out of the shower curtain and saw the fairy standing on the sink looking at him with a smile on her face. He was so shocked he couldn't speak and then he noticed his cock begin to harden again!