The College Years
byjessexpose©

When I was about 18 I discovered how obsessed I was with exhibitionism. Not just the fact of showing off my body but also the thrill I got out of exposing myself in ways so that other people felt as though they were getting a sneak peek and getting away with seeing something they should not have. 

It started with simply leaving a bathroom door open when I was showering at home. I believe my brother Tim had the opportunity to peek in on me more than one time during those years. Just the thought of him seeing me nude still turns me on to this day as though it had just happened. After the experience where I had the chance to see his dick while he used the bathroom I knew I was hooked forever. 

One thing I learned early on is that I wanted to make sure that when I exposed myself to someone I knew such as family or a close friend is that I did it in a context where it could be dismissed as a lucky sighting or that I did not realize that something showed as much as it did. This was key with people very close to me so that I did not put myself in a situation where I would be confronted for my actions. So my early years were spent exploring and learning what and how to get away with my love for exposing myself without going too far. 

Once I went to college I began to find the freedom I had yearned for to continue to explore my exhibitionism in earnest. I was lucky enough in my first year of college to be roomed with 2 of the coolest chics on the planet. I was a very cute girl at the time and I still am. I am confident in saying that and hope people can accept that I am just confident. I am not a bitch in any way. I don't wear a ton of makeup and the funny thing is I don't dress slutty most of the time. I basically have a tom boy appearance. I am pretty but simple. 

At 19-20 I still had the same body I did in high school. 5'5-5'6" (somewhere between high school and now I grew an inch as I am 5'6" now. Don't know when that happened but it did). I weighed around 110 in college to start and ended college around 130. After I graduated I had the wake up call that if I wanted to keep the body that men and boys would die to see I needed to work for it. But that is for later stories to bring us to present times. 

I had nice B cup boobs. They were very perky and high with a nice downward slope and slightly upturned nipples. My nipples are medium sized I come to find out after a long night of drinking games with my roommates when we decided to compare boobs. As I said I had the best roommates I could have ever asked for. Becky was a lot like me. We had so many common interests it was like having a friend I grew up with right there. She was more full figured then I was. She had very big boobs and a nice round ass. She was not fat at all. Just real curvy and a great contrast to me. My other roommate Joy was Asian and 3 years older than us. How cool was that we had someone to buy alcohol for us those first few years!!! She was stereotypical Asian in her looks. Petite body. Around 5'1" tall. Small cute boobs and a small butt. On the surface we literally were the odd couple . . um . . .threesome. 

When I first got there I was not sure how I was going to indulge my obsession with 2 other women around me. What would they think of me if they caught me in the act?? Would they throw me out of the room? Would they hate me? I was uncertain on how I was going to approach this but at the same time I knew this was a part of me and I had to let it evolve or I would never be happy. I was not about to spend 4 years unhappy because I let 2 bitches intimidate me. So I began to slowly start to ease into my exhibitionist ways.

The first and easiest way to ease into this was to just stop wearing bra's all together. My boobs were perky enough and not too big so I did not really need the support to make them look nice. My nipples though were the kind that stayed semi erect all the time. So if I had a thin top on they definitely would show through my shirt no problem. Sounds like a good starting point to me I thought so one day I was in the bathroom and I just ditched my bra. Looking in the mirror I could clearly see my nipples poking through my shirt. I was a bit cold so they were a bit harder than normal and very prominent. But I said fuck it. This is where I live and I am going to be me. 

I was so nervous coming out of the bathroom. I did not know what they would think but it was just the 3 of us studying so what the hell. I came out and just plopped back down on the couch. So for the first half hour I swear neither of them even noticed. WTF. This is no fun. I want someone to notice or it won't be any fun. So I did what all girls do when they want their boobs to be noticed . . .I stretched. That did it. Becky looked up and locked right in on them. She did not say a word she just stared at them with a little smirk on her face. We went back to studying and she kept checking them out every few minutes. 

One of the guys down the hall came down and knocked on the door. He needed a blank DVD and asked if he could have one. I said sure and got up and went into the room. He was in there joking around with them while I went to get one in my room. Now if you don't know what freshman dorm rooms are like at most campuses they are small. My room was right off to the left. So I could hear them laughing in there. I heard John say, "is it cold in here or is it just me?" they all laughed. I had a huge grin on my face when I came walking back in. 

"What's so funny John?"

"Nothing I was just asking Becky if it were cold in here." John said as he held his arms with his hands and made the shivering move like he was trying to stay cold. John was staring at my tits the whole time. 

"Mmmmhhhhmmm. I'm sure that is what you meant."

That is when Becky chimed in. "Yeah John, cant a girl be comfy in her own room?"

Joy this whole time was just sitting there studying and without even looking up she said "John you should just enjoy the view and move on you idiot."

"I am enjoying the view and now I am just worried that Jessie needs someone to keep her warm tonight." 

"Yeah right. Don't hold your breath but if I need someone to warm me up I know where you will be big guy." I said. With that Becky pushed him out the door! 

And that is when I knew these two had my back! They were not offended at all and they never once called me out on any of my antics going forward. It was a blessing but amazingly strange that they just accepted me for who I am. 

The next night was Friday and Becky and Joy both went home for the weekend so I decided I would just chill out and have a few beers with the room to myself. I showered and shaved like I always do at night. I usually shower 2 times a day. I love to shower. I also love to make sure that my pussy is always smooth. I usually shave at night because I can take longer. I am pretty fair and I had no problems shaving every day back then. Now I don't shave at all because I had all of my pubic hair laser removed. Best thing I ever did. It is smooth as can be with no stubble nor ingrown hairs. Perfect! I have never had pubic hair. The day I started growing it I started shaving it so laser was a dream come true to me. I want to die with the bald pussy I am into this world with I always say. Which is funny because that always grosses people out for some reason. LMAO

So after my shower and shave and feeling all sexy I walked to my room naked with just a towel on my head. I started my routine of getting out my moisturizer and setup my stuff to paint my nails and toenails when there was a knock on the door. I was still only in my towel . . on my head and asked who it was. Go figure, John again. I think he had a crush on me. Well if he didn't he was about to have one. I asked what he wanted I was just getting out of the shower.

"I wanted to know if you have any food I'm starved and I am broke."

"Give me a second while I throw something on."

Fun fun fun. Is all I could think but I did not have any prep time to think of how I was going to seize this opportunity to show off for him. This was perfect because he was coming to me so whatever I decided to do (with the exception of getting on the couch naked and spread eagle) was going to look like an accident. But I had no idea what I was going to do. I went into my room and looked around. First I put on a big sweatshirt and nothing else. But that was going to be too much I thought. So I chose a white wife beater. The ones I have are made out of think material. I wear them under just about everything since I don't wear bra's most of the time. They let my nipples poke through my outer shirts but they hide my areolas if my outer shirt is real thin. Best of both worlds. 

But without an outer shirt on you can definitely make out my areolas. I think grabbed a pair of loose fitting shorts that actually are a bit too big for me. I folded the waistband 2 times to make them tight enough but they still were real loose around my legs. PERFECT!! 

I went and opened the door. Of course arching my back just enough to make a point (no pun intended). 

His eyes went right to my tits. I had pinched my nipples right before I opened the door so I know they were real hard and I know he could basically see right through my shirt. My pussy was getting wet just thinking about it. 

"How come you're broke and hungry on a Friday?" 

Looking up to eye level, "I lost money last night playing beer pong and my dad won't send me anymore until next week. Mike and Derek (his roommates) are gone for the weekend and they don't have shit anyway. So just checking to see if you have anything you could spare or if I could borrow $10.00 until Monday?"

"Yeah come on in. I have a few things here I can share."

John came in and went over to our small fridge/food area. You know the college ones where you have milk crates to store your food and your microwave sits on top of our mini fridge. I put in 2 microwave mac-n-cheese and set the time. 

John sat down on a gamming chair we have that sits on the floor near the TV. I sat down on the couch across from him so I would always be right in his line of sight.

We stated chatting and shooting the shit. He kept stealing glances of my tits through my T-Shirt. It was November so it was bit cold outside and in our room it was a bit chilly too bringing my nipples to full force. My nipples like I said are about medium-to large and stick out nicely. My areolas are about medium size and although they are not real dark they are a bit darker at the time because I was tanning and I always tan nude. You can clearly see my nipples and areolas through the thin material of the wife beater. Almost like a sheer top. 

The microwave binged and instead of getting up, crawled to the end of the couch and leaned over and opened the microwave. This put my ass perfectly sticking at john. I did not have any panties on but I know the baggy shorts were covering my ass pretty good too so unfortunately he was not getting the show I really wanted to give him with my ass in the air. But I was arching my back nicely so my ass stuck out nicely and if I were naked my pussy lips would be pushed out towards him. Maybe he could see the outline of my lips through the shorts like that. I hope so!

I pulled out his mac and cheese and got him a fork and napkin and gave it to him. He sat there in the gaming chair eating his mac-n-cheese. So I grabbed my nail polish stuff and decided now would be a good time to do my toes.

I returned to the couch with the stuff and sat down making sure I was facing him a little to the left. I then slid my ass backward on the couch so that my baggy legged shorts would be pulled down slightly causing the loose legs to create a gap allowing john a clear shot at my pussy when he looked my way. Now I pulled up my right leg with my thigh against my chest and my foot on the edge of the couch. This made it so the shorts pulled more towards that leg again creating the perfect gab in his direction.

The real excitement in doing this is you can't just stare at him and see if he sees. You have to go along with the idea that this is just an accident so I kept my eyes straight and focused painting my toes but keeping my peripheral vision in his direction to see if he was looking. He was. 

I turned to him and asked him how the mac and cheese was and I could definitely see the outline of his cock through his pants again confirming that he was enjoying the view I was providing. I have never seen anyone eat mac and cheese so slow and I can honestly say that I have never taken so much time painting my toes either. The best part was that neither of us was letting on that we were both enjoying the situation from two totally different perspectives.

Now some of you may be bored with the outcome but John left shortly after he ate and I be lined it into my bed and grabbed my vibrator. I got on my stomach with a pillow under my tummy and hips and I worked the vibrator across my clit until I was really wet arching my ass into the air. I love masturbating like this because one day I am going to get caught by one of my roommates and my pussy and ass will be high in the air for them to see as I pretend that I do not realize they walked in on me. As I came with that vision in my head I realized that I really have to make that happen . . . SOON!

