	Emma's Farm 17 - (fsolo, scat, fg)

disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Emma gets help out of her predicament.
-----------------------------------------------------------------


	Emma stopped pushing on the door, realizing that no matter how hard she tried, it wasn't going to budge.  She looked around in the dim space and saw nothing other than the kiddie pool that had been collecting human waste all day.  Light streamed in from the cracks in the wood of the old outhouse, as well as through the oval hole two feet above her.   She studied the oval hole, trying to decide if she could fit through it.  She was plenty slender, and thought if she could get her shoulders through she wouldn't have a problem.  
	The only big problem however was that the hole was above the middle of the kiddie pool.  It would be tricky business to get to it while staying clean, but it was doable.  She got off her butt in the corner and onto her knees.  In this squatting position she took a moment to take a few deep breaths, as Lilly's poo moved around inside of her and also adjusted to the new position.  It was heavenly, but now was not the time to revel in it.  She stood up, bending completely over at the waist in order to fit in the small space.  She shuffled her feet as close as she could to the edge of the kiddie pool, making sure to breath through her moth to avoid the stench.  Carefully she leaned forward, reaching up and out to grab a hold of the edge of the wooden hole above her.  She leaned forward and was almost there when she felt her feet begin to slip . . .. she fell forward . . . 
	Emma caught the edge of the seat and just barely managed to stop herself from falling face forward into the muck.  She sighed in relief.  Just then the outhouse door opened and slammed shut.  Surprised, Emma's finger momentarily let go of the edge of the hole, and she lost it.  She fell face first into the pool of slime and muck with a quiet splat.  She froze in shock and embarrassment.  Soon she felt a warm sensation on her back, and realized she was being peed on.  She remained motionless and silent, too embarrassed to let anyone know she was down there.
	She had the sensation of poo and pee filling her shirt as she sunk into the mess.   Her shorts were tight enough that they were not letting anything in, thankfully, but she knew her clothes were absorbing as much liquid as they could hold.  When she heard the door open and close again she put her right hand into the disgusting slime until she felt the bottom of the pool.  She pushed up and flipped herself over onto her back, grateful to get her face out of the mess.  She had just gotten on her back when she heard the door open again.  Soon she saw a woman's bottom press itself against the opening above her.  
	Once again she was being covered in a golden shower.  The pee bounced off her chest and shoulders, splashing up onto her face and getting in her hair.  Then she felt a heavy thud against her sternum, then another, and another.  She looked down onto her chest and saw that the woman above her had just shit on her.  The large solid pile sat on her chest in three pieces, piled high right between her breasts.  Emma held her breath until she heard the door close as the woman left.  When she opened her mouth and gasped for air she breathed in the fowl smell and it was too much for her.  Vomit filled her mouth and quickly the pressure became too much.  It erupted out of her lips and sprayed her body, covering her already disgusting clothes in a new layer of slime.  She could feel the warm vomit as it sprayed over her, covering almost every inch of her exposed flesh.  
	She was on the verge of tears but resisted sobbing, knowing it would do nothing but attract attention to herself and her embarrassing predicament.  Taking a deep breath, Emma tensed her abdominal muscles and sat up.  Just at that moment, she heard Lilly call her name, somewhere from outside the outhouse.  Emma froze and listened as the voice got closer, Lilly was obviously looking for her, and there was a tinge of worry in her voice.  Finally Emma heard the Lilly call her name from right outside the outhouse, and then heard the door open.  Just as the door began to close (as Lilly had just stuck her head in) Emma called out in a sheepish tone.  She had decided that she needed help getting out of this mess.  She heard the door stop closing.  "Emma?" came Lilly's voice, this time standing inside the outhouse.  
	"I'm down here." Emma said timidly, more humiliated than she had ever been in her life.  Lilly looked down the hole and in the shaft of light could just see Emma's filthy face a couple feet down.  "Please help, there's something blocking the door . . ."  Lilly ran out of the outhouse and around to the back.  She immediately saw the obstructing bales of hay and pushed them out of the way with some amount of effort.  She pulled open the low door and went inside on her hands and knees.  In the dim light she could see Emma, sitting up in the kiddie pool of human waste, covered from head to foot.  Emma didn't know what to say.  She simply said that she got stuck in there and tried to escape via the toilet hole but fell in . . . she didn't mention why she had been down there in the first place.  Emma was obviously upset and Lilly was naturally empathetic.  
	"Give me your hand, let's get you out of there."  Emma reached out but withdrew before touching Lilly. 
	"I can't go out there like this, I'm mortified."
	"We'll run straight into your house." Lilly said, "It can't be more than a hundred yards away.  No one will even notice."   But Lilly and Emma both knew that the yard was crawling with people and that indeed, a lot of people would notice the shit covered girl making a run for the house.
	"I can't.  I can't do it." Emma said, her voice quivering as she was on the verge of tears.
	"What if I did it with you?" Lilly tentatively offered.
	"What do you mean?"
	"Would it be easier if we did it together?"
	"No, you couldn't . . ."
	"It's okay," Lilly said, "it is just to get you out of there and then we'll both get cleaned up."  Emma was too embarrassed to respond.  Lilly bit her lip and got to her feet, bending at the waist to fit in the cramped little room.  She  neared the edge of the pool and gagged, fighting not to vomit at the awful stench.  She reached out and took Emma's hand to steady herself while she stepped into the pool with one foot.  Her cowboy boot slowly sunk into the mess.  When it had stopped sinking she stepped in with the other foot and waited while it too sank up to her ankle into the goo.  "That wasn't so bad," she said as she let go of Emma's hand.  Just as she did that however her balance shifted and her feet slipped out from under her, causing her to fall face first on top of Emma and into the muck.
	Her arms went on either side of Emma as they instinctively shot out to brace her fall.  They sank into the mounds of shit and puddles of piss in which Emma was sitting.  The force of Lilly's torso hitting Emma's was enough that they both went flying backwards into the disgusting mess.  They came to rest with Emma on her back in the filth and Lilly on top of her.  Emma's legs were spread open and Lilly lay between them, her bare legs and tight shorts sinking into the filth.   Lilly sputtered and pushed herself up after a moment, holding her body just above Emma's warm frame.  
	The two girls looked into each other's eyes, neither believing what was happening.  "Thank you for doing this for me," Emma said with a slight giggle.
	"It's okay," Lilly confided, "I kind of like you."  With that the girls kissed, deeply, and passionately.  More passionately than either girl had ever kissed anyone.  Their tongues probed each other's mouthes as both of them were overcome with feelings of desire and contentment.  Finally the broke apart, desperate for air.  "Now let's get you out of here," Lilly said with a sly smile.
	Lilly was buried almost up to her waist, only the very top of her cute little butt was visable, sticking up above the mess.  She had just started to push herself up and away from Emma when they heard the outhouse door open and slam shut.  Like an eclipse of the sun, the large shaft of light vanished.  They both froze, not wanting to make any noise and alert anyone to their presence.  Shortly the sound of urine splashing off the top of Lilly's head was heard.  The pale, warm yellow liquid ran through the girl's red hair and dripped off the tips around her shoulders, dripping onto her already soaked top.  
	Lilly looked slightly horrified, and Emma was concerned that she might cry out.  This feeling only intensified when they heard the loud rumble of gas escaping an anus from above them.  As a semi liquid stream of diarrhea cascaded down on top of them, Emma stopped Lilly from calling out the only way she could at that moment, by sticking her tongue in the young girl's open mouth.  The two made out as hot liquid poo rained down on top of them, completely covering Lilly's so far unsoiled backside.  It soaked into her clothes and covered her exposed skin in a brown, smiley, mess.  Emma didn't stop kissing her until she heard the outhouse door open and close again.  She pulled away to see how Lilly was doing, given the circumstances.
	To Emma's surprise, the look of horror on Lilly's face had disappeared and was replaced with what Emma would come to know in the weeks and months ahead as a look of desire.  Lilly grabbed Emma's head and pulled her in for another kiss.  For some time the girls made out as a procession of strangers went about their business in the outhouse above them, their young bodies writhing against each other's in the soupy, sticky mess.

To be continued . . . 


by Craven Raven

Please send comments/communications to: cravenravenerotica@gmail.com