Sammy Joins the Gang
by ShySammy

So some of this story I'm about to tell happened, some of it could have happened. It is true that to hang out with the boys in my small village when I was twelve I had to do some tests. Some of them involved nudity. Did any of them involve being staked to the ground? I'll let you guess.

This is Part One, Chapter One.

The four boys, mostly a year or two older, except for Tim who was the same age as Sammy looked at her. They were smiling expectantly.

Sammy blushed and looked at her feet.

"We're serious", Jeremy said. "We all had to do it, to join the gang".

"Look", said Kevin. "No one will see you, not even us. None of us got caught when we did it. We will turn our backs, you can strip off, run across the garden and back again as quickly as you can. Then you get dressed again."

"And then we tell you the next part", said Oliver.

Sammy gulped. The fact was she really wanted to join their gang. They seemed to be the funnest group going in the small town, and would provide protection.

"Ok. Turn your backs then and I'll do it." The boys all grinned at her and each other and turned their backs.

Sammy swiftly undid the clip of her short navy kilt and let it fall to the floor, she stepped out of it and folded it nearly on the tree stump next to her. Then she slipped off the white polo shirt and folded that on top of the skirt. She shivered despite the late summer warmth as she unclipped the modest training bra and added that to the pile. She glared at the backs of the boys heads but none of them moved, and then she slipped off the branded pink Dora the Explorer panties. She left her shoes and socks on.

Sammy took a deep breath and turned to the edge of the trees. No one appeared to be in sight so she went for it. Racing across the short grass of the big lawn, she stared straight ahead ignoring the house to her left. What felt like minutes later she burst back into the trees triumphantly ready to get dressed.

Her clothes were not on the tree stump. Shit. The boys weren't in front of her as promised. Arggh! She almost screamed but then a hand clamped over the blonde twelve year old tomboys mouth and she was yanked almost off her feet and against the firm shirt and shorts clad body of one of the boys. She squirmed and was about to kick backwards when Tim and Kevin grabbed her ankles and yanked her feet up lifting her whole naked goose bumped body up into the air. She squirmed and wriggled again but to no avail.

Jeremy had his hands under shoulders now and Oliver was covering her mouth.

"Ok, the next trial is to be staked naked to the ground and left in the open for passersby to find or not. Depending on your luck".

Four stakes with ropes tied to them were waiting in a small clearing. A moment later Sammy now with her school tie as a gag, and her bra as a blindfold was tied spreadeagled and naked between the stakes. The boys stood over her.

"Before we do that though," said Tim. "another little test. We are going to take it in turns touching you, and you have to tell us who is doing what. I'm going to remove the gag but if you scream we will run off and leave you. Ok?"

Sammy nodded. She squirmed and felt increasingly uncomfortable. A draft of cool air was brushing right against her most private place.

The gag was yanked away and she gasped and moaned slightly.


Part One, Chapter Two.

Sammy couldn't see a thing, but she could sense the boys moving around her, she started as a dry, warm hand grabbed her thigh.

How on Earth could she work out who it was? This was ridiculous. Surely the boys hadn't done this to each other in order to join?

Then she let out an involuntary giggle and squirmed as something brushed the soles of her feet.

Tim laughed. "Ah ticklish are you? Well that's useful to know."

"Um that's you, Tim. Brushing my foot with a leaf" Sammy said.

"Nope sorry." Said Tim.

Sammy gasped as something jagged poked against her tummy. It was then dragged lightly down below her belly button.

Sammy's mouth was dry and her heart started pounding. The hand gripping her thigh clenched more firmly, fingers digging in slightly.

"Ok, that's Jeremy. Holding my leg."

"Correct." Jeremy said. He was the biggest and strongest.

Sammy had goosebumps all over her little body, and she squirmed some more as the jagged thing brush close to the little mound between her thighs, before tracing a line back up, more quickly this time right between her tiny breasts. Sammy's mind raced as she tried to work out who it was. Before she could form the words another hand pinched her just at the top of her other thigh, fingers squeezing just a little way below her bald little kitty.

"Ok, I think that's enough, I want to get up and take this blind fold off."

"You're not exactly in a position to make demands are you?" Kevin said. "Besides after going this far don't you want to join the gang?"

Sammy sighed. She was defeated by the logic. She did want to join and if this is what it took?

She gasped and shuddered again as something brushed lightly over her left nipple and then the right.

She frowned and bit her lip. "Kevin! Get that feather away from me!"

The boys burst in to laughter.

"Well done newbie! You got the person and the thing right. See it's not so difficult after all?" Oliver said.

"OK. Can you let me up now?"

Suddenly she felt hot breath right on her kitty. She involuntarily bucked her pelvis towards it and felt something brush against her bare labia making her jerk back down.

"Arrgh! Who was that?"

More laughter. "You tell us."

There was some hurried whispering from the boys as the hands on her thighs let go and Sammy sensed them standing and huddling.


Part One Chapter 3

Sammy lay helpless naked on her back, leaves and twigs digging into her while the four clothed older boys stood to one side.

Why did she agree to this? Was joining the gang that important? She felt so embarrassed, the idea of her little only just pubescent body being on display like this. What would her parents or brother think?

Suddenly the blindfold was swiped away and Tim and Jeremy were squatting down to untie her wrists and ankles.

The boys eagerly helped her up by her arms, hands accidentally brushing her butt and thighs.

She could help but notice their grins, the eyes roaming all over her body, and the little bulges in the front of trousers or shorts.

As they stood back and let go of her she reached to cover herself.

"A bit late for that." Kevin snickered.

Jeremy stood behind her and grabbed her wrists, she could feel his rough jeans and cotton tee-shirt hot against her naked back and butt. There was something pressing into the middle of her back.

"Okay," Kevin said. "The final challenge. You have a choice. We agree that leaving a young girl tied up naked for passersby to find might be a bit risky for you. So you can choose to do that. Or you can choose to have a wrestling match with Oliver. He's our most recent member. He's also the youngest and smallest, so the fairest fight."

Sammy gulped and blushed. Oliver was cute, dark haired, a tan and very white teeth. He smiled at her reassuringly.

"Oliver will keep his clothes on of course. Winner is the first one to get their opponant flat on their back and hold them in that position for the count of ten. Don't worry as long as you fight well, you can join the gang even if you lose."

"No hitting, biting or gouging of course."

Sammy felt the world spinning. She was in too deep, and the four boys had already seen almost everything she had. It had to be the wrestling.

Oliver was wearing cargo shorts and a loose khaki tee. There was nothing he could do to hide the tent in front of his shorts. But then none of the boys were bothering to do that.

"Ok then, the games on!" Shouted Kevin.

Jeremy shoved Sammy forward towards Oliver who approached her cautiously with a determined look.

Sammy stumbled from the shove but that sent her low and close into Oliver. She decided to go for his waist diving at him and wrapping her arms around him. The boy was taken by surprise and went flying onto his back. Sammy landed awkwardly and realised her face was right over his tented groin.

The other boys burst out laughing as Oliver struggled free fairly easily. He stood up and reached down grabbing the little blonde's shoulders and forcing back down and round.

Sammy gasped and tried to reach for his knees, but a moment later was on her back with Oliver sitting astride her, rough shorts pressing right down on her bare pussy. She was momentarily districted by the feelings this was causing, tingles. That was all the time Oliver needed to grab her wrists and stretch flat across her with his body weight, now his tented groin was pressing almost into her now very warm, and slightly moist labia.

The boys counted down. Once they had reached ten, Oliver seem reluctant to get up and Sammy was reluctant to let him as they both breathed heavily.

Needless to say the boys let Sammy join the gang and as they reluctantly handed back her clothes they were planning how they could get her naked again.

The fact is this experience awoke something in Sammy that meant next time she would be slightly less reluctant to get naked and follow instructions…




