Kris shook his head, swallowing back the bile that kept rising in his throat, forcing himself to smile at Adam.

“I think I’m just going to take a shower and go to bed,” he said. “Go. Have fun.”

Adam stared at him for a moment and then nodded. “If you’re sure.”

“Positive. Danny’s out with his family and Allison...” Kris trailed off, frowning. Results night for Rock Week had not gone the way that he’d been expecting, in more ways than one.

A hand on his shoulder jolted him from his thoughts and his eyes snapped up as his stomach rolled.

God, please don’t let him get sick. Not yet, not until he was alone.

“Kris?”

“Just tired,” Kris told him. Please go. Please, Adam, just go.

Adam hesitated for another few moments before he nodded even though he was frowning. “Call if you feel up to joining us or you need anything,” he finally said.

Kris nodded, unable to bring himself to say anything else. He waited until Adam had left before he bolted down the stairs, moving as fast as he dared.

He’d been feeling like he was going to crawl out of his skin since his name had been announced. The moment that Ryan had called his name first, part of him had been happy. He’d survived another week and to top it off, Allison and Adam wouldn’t be left with Danny. There’d been a chance Danny would go.

Then he’d noticed Adam moving to hug him first and suddenly Danny had been there instead, wrapping his arms around Kris and whispering, “You’re safe,” and Kris had wanted to get sick right then and there.

He’d been shaking when he’d hugged Adam and he knew Adam thought it was from surprise and Kris wasn’t about to tell him otherwise. He’d felt safe in those few moments when Adam had hugged him and then it’d been time to let go and he hadn’t been able to settle since.

Kris shoved the door to his room open and headed directly for the bathroom as he felt himself gag. He paused long enough to lock the door behind him and felt only a small relief when he was able to drop in front of the toilet and lost the little bit of food that Adam had managed to get him to eat earlier.

His throat burned as his body jerked forward, pressing up against the cold porcelain. He squeezed his eyes shut, cursing the tears that managed to leak out despite his best efforts. Kris coughed a few times, gagging again as he remembered what Danny’s arms had felt like around him. He retched again though there was nothing left to throw up when he remembered Danny’s breath on his skin.

Gasping for air, Kris shoved away from the toilet, frantically undoing the buttons of his shirt until he was able to shove it to the ground. He turned the shower on, making it as hot as he could stand out of habit now, and quickly finished yanking off the rest of his clothes before he stumbled into the shower, bracing his hands against the wall.

He no longer flinched when the hot water hit his skin, he’d gotten used to it over the last week. Once he’d let the water hit his back for a few minutes, he grabbed the washcloth and soap and began to scrub himself.

His breath came faster as he scrubbed harder, concentrating on the areas where Danny had touched him earlier, even if it had been just a hug. He felt dirty, like he’d never get clean again. He continued to do this until he’d scrubbed the areas raw, the water stinging as tiny bits of blood appeared on his skin. He let out a breath and rinsed the cloth, letting the water hit the scrubbed areas to get rid of any extra blood that might appear.

Kris quickly washed his hair and scrubbed his face, making sure that all of the makeup from the show was gone before he leaned back against the wall. He could feel himself shaking and he called himself ridiculous because Danny wasn’t even in the house right now. He shouldn’t be like this over a hug.

Coward.

He let out a shaky breath and felt his legs give out so that he slid to the floor of the shower. Kris pulled his legs up to himself and buried his face against his knees as he let the water continue to hit him. He just needed a chance to pull himself together, that was all. He just needed a little time.

By the time he managed to pull himself to his feet, the water had gone cold. His skin was wrinkled and he couldn’t stop shivering as he turned off the water and practically fell out of the shower. He stared at his jeans, not sure he wanted to put them on until he’d washed them. But he hadn’t brought a change of clothes in with him so unless he wanted to go out there in nothing but a towel...

Immediately, Kris dismissed that idea before it could even fully form, snatching up the jeans and quickly pulling them up, wincing when the denim rubbed against the raw skin on his sides. Taking a deep breath, he picked up the rest of his clothes and walked back into his room, freezing when he saw he’d left the door wide open. Dropping his clothes, he practically slammed the door shut, locking it as well.

Leaning against the door for a moment, Kris sucked in a few breaths before he pushed away from it, forcing himself to pick up his clothes once more and turning off the light. Using the light coming through the blinds, he quickly tossed them into the corner near his closet before tugging his jeans off, kicking them into the pile as well.

The air hitting his still wet skin caused Kris to shudder as he pulled out a pair of boxer briefs and sweats, pulling them both on before hesitating and then pulling out an old shirt as well. Once he was covered, he relaxed slightly and then crawled into his bed, making sure the sheets and comforter were up to his shoulders.

Laying in the dark, Kris curled up on his side, shaking his head as he squeezed his eyes shut against the memories that wanted to break through.

“I’m going to save you.”

Kris pressed his face into the pillow. Not real, he’s not here, he’s not here. Door’s locked, no one can get in. Safe, I’m safe.

He kept repeating this until he finally managed to fall into a restless sleep.