Social Experiment
by grumpyolddom 

Chapter 1

“Hello, thank you everybody for coming. I really appreciate your efforts coming on in on Christmas eve. I wish I could give you some extra research credit for that!”, said the imposing blonde wearing a spotless white labcoat.

She herded the group of participants into the big room, while they muttered their timid “hellos.” to nobody in particular.

“Anybody problems with being recorded while participating?! Everybody signed the paperwork?”, she looked around as all of the participants, two males and three females nodded nervously.

“That’s great! I’m Dr. Penelope Aimhurst…”, the blonde amazon said. “…and I’m conducting research about altruistic motivations and self-sacrifice. This experiment is a part of this research, would you mind introducing yourself?”

The five looking sheepishly to each other before the first, a tall male with black hair started. “Hello I’m Jack. I’m a third year psychology student.”

“And why are you participate?”, Dr. Aimhurst asked.

“I need the research credits”, he answered quietly.

“That’s absolutely ok, Jack. Thank you!”

The two girls on Jack’s left followed. “Hello Everybody, I’m Sarah”, said a short, voluptuous redhead. “I’m also here for the research credit.”

“Yeah… me too”, said a tall fit looking girl with a nice looking pixie cut. “I’m Caroline by the way.”

“Hello. I’m Marc. I’m second year…” a blond, clearly going for a surfer look, said. “Here basically for the research credits.”

Everybody looked over to the last participant a blonde, slender girl of medium height, who had her hair in a nice ponytail. She was clearly uncomfortable about the attention she was getting, probably wishing she had had worked up the courage to go on earlier. “Hello. My name is Beth…”, she finally said in a quiet, mousy voice.

“Euhm… I mean, I’m Elizabeth, but everybody calls me just Beth”, the girl said, clearly forcing herself to keep going.

“Hello. Elizabeth.”, said Dr. Aimhurst, who took pity on the girl. “I’m really happy you could make it! Are you also a psychology student?”

“Yeah. I’m first year.”, she said quietly. “But I need some research credits already because I’m taking some second year classes prematurely.”, she said apologetic.

“That’s fantastic!”, Dr. Aimhurst said. “And how are things going for you, Elizabeth?”

“I’m loving it so far!”, Beth said finally thawing up at least a little bit.

“Great!”, Dr. Aimhurst said. “I’ll lay out the study concept for you then. This group will meet several times till Easter. Every session one person is chosen. This person pick a charity of his choosing, then he or she will enter the other room.”, she pointed at the room behind the big window.

“While this person waits in the other room, the rest of the room picks a “dare” out of a list we prepared.”, she showed them a stack of four sheets of paper. “This tasks are meant to make the participants uncomfortable, so be prepared for that!”

“If the participant chooses to comply and perform the task, the chosen charity gets a gift of 100 Pound Sterling. If the participant refuses, the chosen charity gets nothing. It’s the task of the group of four on this side of the room to chose a task that will make the participant uncomfortable, but not choosing something that would be refused, and provide moral support while the participant performs the task. Does everybody understand?”

“Oh… I nearly forgot. The participant performing may choose his or her successor. So guys… be kind!”

The group followed the researcher to the long window which covered nearly the whole wall on the left side of the preparation room. “Who will go first. Any volunteers?”, she asked.

“Okay. I get it!”, she said. “Let’s try this: who has done 3 experiments or more this semester?”, Jack raised his arm. “Who did 2?”, this time Marc and Sarah raised their hand. “One?”

“Me.”, said Caroline relieved, raising her hand.

“Okay. Elizabeth, would you mind volunteering for our first session?”, Dr. Aimhurst asked.

The look on the girl’s face clearly stated, that she in fact did mind it. But in the end Beth didn’t dare to protest.

The researcher gave Beth the list with the eligible charities. “Please choose one.”

Beth hastily looked over the list, uncomfortable choosing one. She knew none of these organizations so far, for a lot of them she wasn’t even able to discern their purpose. Then her features brightened up. “I choose the animal shelter.”, she stated happily.

“That’s a great choice. They could really use the money…”, Dr. Aimhurst stated. “… especially this close to the end of the year.”

“Please enter the room now, Elizabeth!”, The petite blonde hesitantly obliged. After she had closed the door, she took position on the other side of the big window looking at Dr. Aimhurst and the rest of the participants.

“Test… test… Elizabeth do you here me?”, asked the researcher. Beth confirmed.

“Okay. The group will now choose a dare for you. This should take only a few minutes. I’ll cut the communication between the rooms. You are not to influence their decision. Please stay in the middle of the room and do NOT temper with one of stacks on the table, Okay?”

“Okay!”, Beth agreed. Looking at the group discussing things became boring very soon. She looked around, the room was completely empty except a long row of tables at the back end of the room. On these tables where piles, some smaller, some bigger. Each pile was covered by a white blanket with a number, ranging from one to thirty. Beth didn’t even want to know what was covered beneath them. She now was curious but didn’t dare to go looking.

After some time Beth couldn’t help herself and started pacing from one end to the other. She was so nervous! What the heck was taking them so long, she asked herself. She was slowly loosing her mind here! She nearly jumped out of her skin when Dr. Aimhurst reestablished the communication. “Sorry Elizabeth. I didn’t mean to startle you.”, the researcher apologized.

“The group has come to a decision.”, she said. “Caroline will read it to you now.”

The microphone went silent for some seconds, then she heard Caroline’s voice. Participant, your task for today…”, the young women read, “…is to strip completely naked…”,

Elizabeth’ mind went completely blank. She shook her head. That couldn’t be right! She couldn’t do that… not even for 100 Euros.

“… not cover…”, Beth heard. She couldn’t be hearing right. It simply couldn’t be.

“Elizabeth. Is everything okay?”, it was Dr. Aimhurst again. She sounded very concerned. Elizabeth gulped and nodded weakly. “I’m so sorry sweety.”, she said. “Please don’t be mad at the group, they chose the easiest task for you. We clearly didn’t anticipate having somebody such inexperienced participate in this experiment.”

Beth felt nauseous… and guilty “You can refuse. Nobody will think badly about you.”, that made her feel no better.

Beth felt so guilty. She never had felt so conflicted in her whole life. She wanted to participate in this experiment, she really did. She wanted to provide 100 Euros for the animal shelter and she didn’t want to let the others down. They apparently had chosen to give her the easiest task of them all… they would have to go even further then she did. She couldn’t let them down, could she? She looked at the five faces on the other side of the window. The researcher looked slightly sympathetic but still somewhat unattached, the girls and Jack looked sympathetic but when she looked at Marc she shivered, he just glared at her. “Please… could you reread the task?”, Beth croaked.

“Eh… yeah…”, Caroline responded. “Participant, your task today is to strip naked…”, Beth closed her eyes, while Caroline continued reading. “… and to NOT cover your body with your hands for thirty minutes.”

Beth gasped. Thirty minutes… holy Hell! She really didn’t know if she would be able doing so. Showing her body to 5 nearly complete strangers was against everything in her upbringing. “We are really sorry, Betty!” she heard the Sarah through the speakers. Beth was so stunned, she didn’t even register that the young woman had used the shortened version of her name she hated most.

She remained silent for several minutes, carefully weighting her options. She even briefly considered to refuse and to pay the 100 Euros herself, but her December budget was so tight she couldn’t possibly do it. So in the end she just conceded. “Okay. I’ll do it.”, she said pressed.

“Wow. You really want to Betty?”, Caroline asked. “You know, you don’t have to do it!”

“Nah… I’ll do it.”, Beth said through clenched teeth.

“Elizabeth, You don’t have to do this,…”, the researcher chimed in “I don’t want you to feel for…”

“Nah. I really want to do this.”, Beth interrupted her with some bravado.

“Ok. Elizabeth. Great! Please strip when you feel ready.”

It took some moments till Beth registered these words, then the blonde started with her sweatshirt. She clearly struggled keeping her nerves under control. She worked hard to hide the trembling of her hands, not fully succeeding. “It’s okay, Betty! Your doing just fine”, Sarah said trying to encourage the struggling girl.

After she had placed her sweatshirt neatly folded before her on the ground, Elizabeth started to undress her denim jeans. Once she had begun, it went somewhat easier for her, but she nearly fell flat on her face getting her ankles out of her pants. She heard some snickering from the other side of the window. The group saw panic in her eyes. “We’re sorry, Betty. Your doing great!”, a clearly apologetic Sarah said.

Beth refocused. Her socks and T-shirt went without further incident. She stood now before the window only in her somewhat plain underwear. She asked herself if she should have worn her only set of sexy underwear today instead of her somewhat plain cotton undies she wore everyday. She took a second to breath. Then she heard Jacks voice through the speakers. “Hey Betty. You have a great body, if I might say so.” Beth froze for a moment. Then smiled slightly embarrassed.

She decided to take of her bra first. She slowly reached for the little clasp in the back and bared her perky B-Cups for them to see. “Wow… I love your teats.”, Marc said. Beth didn’t really registered his words, nor the admonishing he got from his fellow group members.

Beth fought her reflex to cover her breasts. She would have to bare here whole body anyway if she didn’t want to let go all her efforts to waste. She reached for the waistband of her panties, took a deep breath and pulled them in one big stroke down to her ankles and stepped out of them. “Wow.”, was everything an astonished Jack had to say.

“Okay Elizabeth, I’m starting the countdown now. Please refrain from covering yourself!”, Dr. Aimhurst chimed in. Elizabeth saw a red digital countdown timer appearing just above the big window.

Beth forced herself to let her arms dangling at her sides, unable to hide a shiver that took her whole body from time to time, while the rest of the group marveled and gushed about her “toned”, “lithe” and overall “supersexy” body. “Damn! I wished I looked only half as gorgeous as you!”, said Sarah.

Beth had closed her eyes while letting the talk about her body wash over her. She had never felt this frightened and uncomfortable and so good at the same time. When she reopened her eyes she saw that she was already halfway through. She felt light headed. She could do this, she could brave this. It would be over soon! Then the panic set in. Her arms started to shiver and it became almost impossible to control her urge to cover herself. She couldn’t do anything against it, her arms just crept up landing just over her breasts and arms. “Sorry Elizabeth. I have to stop the clock… please take a breath. We can take a pause.”

Elizabeth stood in the room alone, in front of Dr. Aimhurst and four of her peers. Frantically trying to get her nerves back under control, not quite succeeding. After some minutes of her desperately trying to get her increasing shallow breathing back under control, while slowly reaching to the point of a full blown panic attack. When she realized that the attempts of the other students to comfort Beth didn’t have the desired results, Sarah grabbed the micro and gave the others a signal to shut up. “Betty! Look at me!”, she said forcefully into the mic.

That did the trick. Somewhat startled the petite blonde looked at the plump redhead. “Okay Betty.”, she said with a slight edge in her voice. “I would kill to have your body!”, she stated. “You will now stop wining and do what I say you to do… and exactly what I say you to. You understand?!” Beth nodded timidly.

“Then we have an understanding.”, she said slightly pleased. “You will now put your hands behind your neck.” Almost automatically Beth did as she was told. Then, wen ordered to she pulled her Elbows behind and pushed her “cute little titties” out to give “the guys a better view.”

She closed her eyes again when she saw that the countdown timer had been restarted. She just stood there listening to Sarah praising her for following her orders so well and commenting on the firmness of her tits and the cuteness of her nipples. “Spread your legs farther, Betty!”, Sarah said commanding. “We want to better see that delicious pussy of yours better.” Beth didn’t even think of resisting.

The last five minutes of Beth’ ordeal where spent by Sarah commenting her “cute, plump cuntlips” and “this gorgeous little nub” of hers. In the end she even got a little bit flushed while waiting for the time to finally run out. She looked… still 30 seconds on the teller. She looked again, still 14 seconds and again… 4, 3, 2, 1… “Congratulations Elizabeth. You did it!”, said Dr. Aimhurst cheerfully, while the students cheered for her.

Beth had never felt so happy and relieved in her life. That’s how winning a Marathon must feel, she thought. She had to hold back tears of joy, she felt so overjoyed that she even forgot for several moments that she still was naked. It was a sudden shiver of coldness that reminded her. Hastily she grabbed at the pile of clothes and began dressing. She was only wearing her underwear when she heard that the door had been opened and Sarah and Caroline stormed into the room giving her a giant double hug. “You’re a damn hero, girl!”, Caroline stated.

Beth relaxed in their hugging and relished in their warmth. She sighed happily then asked if she could dress now. “Of course! Sorry Betty!”, Caroline said hastily and helped Beth staying steady while dressing her pants and socks. Again fully clothed she followed the two girls into the other room.

She briefly held back Sarah. “Thank you.”, she said calmly. Instead of answering the plump redhead kissed her on the cheek, which made Beth flush again.

“You’re too cute!”, Sarah said giving the other girl a little wink.

When they arrived in the other room, another round of cheering and applause awaited Beth. She flushed again when Jack asked for her number. She couldn’t believe it! Nobody had ever asked for her number before, let alone a third year student. Of course she gave it to him.

“Okay, enough flirting!”, Dr. Aimhurst said smiling. Then they sat down for their exit interview. Because of the fact that Beth had had the most intense experience they all agreed she could go first. The researcher asked a lot of questions about her feelings she had experienced. Beth answered them openly and truthfully. She mentioned her initial fears and reservations, the struggles and the looming panic attack.

But then she smiled. “Now I’m feeling like the happiest person in the world having gone through with it.”, she beamed. Then she thanked Sarah again.

“Do you understand what she has done for you?”, Dr. Aimhurst asked curiously.

“She took my mind of my fear… she shocked me, made me feel angry, then somewhat submissive and even… a little bit aroused.”, Beth said sheepishly. “Short she helped me through it.”

“You’re a bright girl!”, the researcher impressed.

“Thank you!”, Beth said beaming with joy.

“Before you go… please decide who’ll take the dare the following time.”, the statuesque researcher said. Elizabeth looked around. Everybody evaded eye contact. She didn’t want to choose Jack for obvious reasons, she couldn’t bring it over her to choose Caroline or Sarah, because without them she would have never survived this challenge. She briefly considered Marc, but despite having a seemingly laid back attitude she sensed a dangerous undertone in his personality. She kind of knew that if she would choose him, he would make sure her choice would come back to bite her, big time.

For a moment Beth was at a loss, then an idea hit her. “Can I choose anybody of our group?”

“Yes anybody.”, the Doctor confirmed.

“Then I choose myself!”, enjoying to observe how the expressions of her peers changed from stressed, to relieved to utterly thankful.

“Are you really sure, honey?”, Dr. Aimhurst asked. “It’s almost certain, that your next dare will be far harder then this one.”

Beth felt confident. “I’m sure you guys will help me through it!”, she said brightly. “Of course we will!”, answered Sarah smiling.

“Then it’s decided! Elizabeth will do the dare on…”, the blonde researcher looked in her agenda. “… on Wednesday 5 January!”

“Thank you Elizabeth, you did great tonight. Merry Christmas!”

“Merry Christmay y’all!”, the petite blonde said, leaving.

xxx

After the door had closed behind her, they waited about one minute, then everybody around the table relaxed. “I never would have thought this would work.”, Caroline confessed. “Thanks, S. you saved our ass here.”

“For a moment I thought, she would choose me!”, exclaimed Marc relieved. “And you would have deserved it…”, answered Sarah angrily, “Of course she doesn’t like you. You were a real ass.”

“She doesn’t have to like me.”, Marc responded. “As long as she is afraid of me and not actively pissed of at me, I should be safe.”

“Okay guys… that’s it.”, Dr. Aimhurst said. “Keep up the good work… you may leave now in an interval of 5 minutes… who wants to go first?”
