THE NUNNERY

BY LAURA LEA SMITH

It was a place where childhoods came to a screeching halt. Young
girls plucked from the streets exactly on their twelvth birthdays
and forced into indentured servitude for the next 9 years at a
bizzare religious complex somewhere high in the mountains of the
southwest.

The girls, referred to as novices for the first two years and
Initiates thereafter,wore Catholic school type uniforms, when
they wore anything at all. They were trained in obedience and
sexual service by monks whom they addressed as 'brother'. Trained
to serve men and women, dressed as priests and nuns, whom they
called Father and Sister.

The girls and the monks lived at the retreat while the priests
and nuns came and went by helicopter.

The Arrival

The girl, one of five, is tied and hooded as she is taken from
the helicopter. Wide stone steps led from the landing pad to an
outdoor garden (she wouldn't actually see this until much later).
In the garden a wooden stair led to the upper floor of the
nunnery. She is led, blind, through hallways and around corners.
Finally the hoods are removed.

They are in a large, mostly empty room. Like all the rooms of the
nunnery the atmosphere is aged and ecclesiastic. Everything is
wood and stone. There is no electricity, no real plumbing.

Along one wall is a long wooden bench (more like a couch with a
back and arms, but no padding). on the bench are five sets of
clothing. Four monks, three in brown robes and one in black,
stand in the room. The girls are silent. The black robed monk
speaks.

"Welcome to Templum Bacchus, known informaly as the nunnery. For
the next nine years this will be your home. You will learn to
serve others and will yourselves be served by us (indicating the
other monks).

We know from your medical records that you are all virgins with
your hymens intact. You will remain virgins for your first two
years, until your initiations. Until then you shall be referred
to as novices. You will come to look forward to your initiations.

We know it is your twelvth birthday. From now on Birthdays are
not celebrated, only the holidays of God are celebrated.

From now you you will wear only the uniform of your new station.
Please take off your clothes"

The girls all hesitate until the monks help them along by tearing
at their clothes; some of the girls begin to cry.When they are
all standing naked their attention is drawn to a wooden device
with padding that the black robed monk referred to as a horse.
"You must all be taught obedience. We are here to make your lives
pleasant and easy, we will pamper and serve you but only when you
follow the rules. Break the slightest rule and we again become
your masters. And we are harsh masters indeed. Your first lesson
begins now. You will each be caned. It will be a monor caning but
remember it well. Remember that no mater how bad you think it is
it is the lightest punishment you will ever face."

One by one the girls are led to the horse which stands at about
waist height. Each girl is bent over the horse. Her feet are
spread and tied to the legs of the horse. Her wrists are bound to
a ring on the other side of the horse. The black robed monk, the
nunnery's Grand Master, steps up with a thin flexible cane and,
as the other girls watch, he whips their asses and legs. Again
and again the cane falls, despite the screams and hysterical
crying he whips them. Thick welts raise up as their ass and legs
turn beet red. It is a lesson none of the girls are ever to
forget. Though it is only ten lashes it feels like a thousand.
One of the girls faints and is revived before the caning
continues.

Afterwoods they are told to dress in there new uniforms. Thigh
highs, panties and bra in black. Black low heeled shoes. Plaid,
pleated mini skirt, barely past the level of their thigh highs.
White blouse. They are aloud to carry the thigh highs, shoes and
panties so as not to irritate their wounds.

They are shown the washroom and then taken upstairs to see the
dining hall and their chambers. They each have their own chamber
(they learn their are 22 chambers, now all full, of which ten are
currently occupied by initiates). The chambers are ten feet by
twelve feet and each contains a simple bed, a wash basin, a
chamber pot, and a small writing desk with tablet and writing
implements. They are told they may keep journals or write what
they wish. They are promised that personal journals will not be
read.

They are then taken to the chapel. This is wear they are to learn
most of their skills and, today, where they are to learn what is
expected of them.

They do not have to cook or clean, they do not have to make their
own beds or empty their own chamber pots, they do not have to
serve the monks in any way. All they must do is learn to submit
to the priests and nuns that come here, to submit to discipline,
learn to please men and women in sexual, social and intellectual
ways. Mostly sexual. They will learn bondag and discipline,
sado-masochism. They will start out as submissives and, after
their initiations, will learn to be dominate for those that wish
it. They will learn 'water sports', how to give and receive
enemas, the art of golden showers. They will learn much more too.

There new lives are to begin with a Confirmation at which they
are to be given new names. They are only to use each other
confirmation names.

They are taken to dinner and introduced to the new girls, who are
all very friendly and reassuring. The subject around dinner is
obedience. Give it and life is great, but the smallest infraction
of the rules brings incredible pain and humiliation.

Dinner is a sumptious meal of roast beef, potatoes, vegetables
and fresh bread. The girls arent very hungry though, they want to
go home. Havent any of the girls tried to escape? yes but they
were all caught and beaten. After a girls first night even
speaking of it can bring punishment. After all, the only way to
access the nunnery is by helicopter.

Finally, after a tour of the nunnery, the girls are given warm
milk to help them sleep and then taken to their chambers to
sleep. After all, they have an early, full day tomorrow; their
confirmation.

When all is quiet she gets up and goes to the curtain. There is
no door and as she peeks out she sees no gaurd. This is her
chance. She slips out and runs, quietly, barefooted, throught the
hall. She looks for any exit and once outside looks for some sort
of path down the mountain. She searches for nearly an hour before
she realizes they are right. She is trapped. Resignedly she
returns to her chamber and falls asleep.

