                               Transcript
                           By Rachel Taylor

Bedroom, 6:45, Monday Evening:

H: Where did you say you were going again?

W: The conference. Remember - theres a reception at the Hyatt -
in the city.

H: Right. What time does it start?

W: I need to be there by 8:30.

H: When do you expect to get home?

W: The conference program starts tomorrow morning so I thought
Id save the trip back and stay overnight with Mum.

H: I thought your mother was visiting your aunt this week.

W: No - I think she said next week. In any case, Ill take the
key to her apartment.

H: Is anyone else from work going?

W: No. Daniel from Westech did ask if Id pick him up outside the
city?

H: Have I met Daniel?

W: No I dont think so - Ive mentioned him a few times. Remember
I said there was a hunky engineer at Westech flirting with me at
the seminar last month.

H: Oh - THAT Daniel!

W: Yeah - that one - Daniel Rebbick.

H: How come he needs a lift? Sounds like a setup to me.

W: His wifes got their car. She went to visit her niece up
state.

H: And youre the first person Daniel thought of for a lift?

W: I may have mentioned Id be driving in tonight when he
mentioned he was without wheels.

H: Is that what youre wearing?

W: I thought I would. Something wrong?

H: No - you know its one of my favorites. Do you think its
suitably professional?

W: I think its OK for a reception. I have a suit for the actual
conference tomorrow.

H: You dont think that slit in the skirt might be too much?

W: Perhaps. Did you want me to change?

H: No - dont be silly. I enjoy other men admiring your body.

W: Do you now? Me too - I like this time of year when my legs are
so tan. Do you think I can get away without pantyhose tonight?

H: Let me check. Silky smooth! You must have shaved before I got
home. Turn around so I can see the whole package.

H: Very nice. Very nice indeed. Usually that skirt shows a panty
line.

W: Yes - usually. Listen - Ive got to leave now if Im going to
get there in time.

H: OK. Have a good time - Ill see you tomorrow night.

W: Thanks sweety - see you tomorrow.

10:17 Phone Call.

H: Hello.

W: Hi sweety.

H: Whats up? How was the reception?

W: It was great - met some interesting people. A free bars
always nice.

H: You sound a little tipsy. How many glasses tonight?

W: Two white to start with - but Danny had me try a nice
Beaujolais. It was so good I had two glasses of that.

H: Wow - thats way over your limit. Did you get to your mothers
OK?

W: Well actually thats why Im calling. You were right - I
called Mum and shes not answering.

H: I thought for sure she was away this week. You can still let
yourself in. Perhaps you should take a taxi over to her place.

W: No can do. I brought the wrong set of car keys with me. Lissen
- I need to be here tomorrow anyway so Ive booked a room right
here. Im in 1218. Im going to crash soon so please dont call.

H: I see. I guess that make sense. Did Daniel find a lift home?

W: Dunno. I think hes still here somewhere. Dannys a big boy -
Im sure hell find someone to take care of him.

H: So hes Danny Boy now is he? Im getting a bit concerned he
HAS found someone to take care of him.

W: Youre so cute when you get jealous - has anyone ever told you
that?

H: What makes you think Im jealous?

W: Im sorry - it sounded like jealousy to me.

H: Why would I sound jealous? Just because youre wearing your
shortest skirt? Just because its slit up to there! Just because
youre wearing no pantyhose and no panties? Just because youre
spending the night at a hotel with a womanizer whos been pushing
drinks at you that you describe as hunky? Why would I be jealous?

W: Calm down.

H: The hell I will!

W: Calm down. Dont get so fucking excitable.

H: I am getting excited. Thats the strange thing.

W: What do you mean?

H: Its weird. My hearts pounding, my palms are sweaty, my
throats dry. And thats not all.

W: What else?

H: Youve heard about cocks hard enough to pound nails?

W: Really - thats interesting.

H: Yeah interesting and weird.

W: What do you want me to do about it?

H: I can think of lots of things you could do with it if you were
here.

W: Sorry sweety. Keep that thought - Ill be home tomorrow night.

H: Youve given me something to think about. See you Tuesday.

11:30 pm Phone Call

?: Hyatt Regency - Paul speaking - how can I help you?

H: Room 1218 please.

P: Hold on sir - Im putting you through.

P: Sorry sir  - the switchboards showing Do Not Disturb for room
1218.

H: Paul - please put this call through. I need to speak to my
wife.

P: Your wife? Sir what room did you say you were calling?

H: Never mind. Ill call her tomorrow.

11:36 pm Phone Call

?: Hyatt Regency, Janice speaking - how can I help you?

H: Id like to speak to Daniel Rebbick - room 1218.

J: Hold on sir - Im putting you through.

J: Sorry sir  - the switchboards showing Do Not Disturb for Mr.
Rebbicks room.

H: Thank-you Janice. I guess I dont need to speak to anyone
right now.

Tuesday evening:

H: How was the conference today?

W: Great - I always come back energized from a conference like
that.

H: A conference like what?

W: Good ideas, good people, good energy.

H: I know what you did.

W: What did I do?

H: I probably came as many times as you did.

W: What?

H: Ive masturbated three times since I phoned Daniels room last
night.

W: I see.

H: Tell me about it.

W: Are you sure?

H: Look at this - do I seem sure?

W: Thats pretty impressive for a man thats jerked off three
times in the last 24 hours.

H: Tell me.

W: You want the details?

H: Everything.

W: Very well - make yourself comfortable.

W: Dannys a bit wild. I knew he was a ladys man as soon as I
met him. Within five minutes of making Westechs proposal he had
propositioned me as well. He guaranteed satisfaction. I tried to
laugh it off but he must have sensed there was an interest on my
part. Hes good looking. Hes not really my type, personality
wise, but he did push all my one-night-stand buttons.

W: I couldnt stop thinking of what it might be like to be with
another man just one more time. I wondered what might happen if
circumstances were right. When he asked for a drive to the
reception I knew the evening had possibilities. I dont think my
choice of clothing last night was an accident. I know the
thoughts I had driving into the city were not accidental. I
reached under my skirt and played with myself most of the drive.
I became very wet. I approached climax many times but left myself
just near the edge.

W: You should have seen his eyes when I picked him up. He took
one look at my short skirt and hurried to my door to help me get
in the car. He was blatant in the way he looked at me getting in.
Im sure he saw right up my skirt - I suspect he may even have
seen how wet I was. As we drove the final few miles, he placed
his hand on my bare thigh. His hand was hot - almost electrical.
I had to strain to keep my breath and pretend to make polite
conversation. He phoned the Hyatt on his cell phone and booked a
room for the night.

W: Are you OK with this.

H: Yes. I want you naked though.

W: Like this.

H: Yes - come closer. Touch me.

W:  Hmmm.

H: I need to be inside you.

H: Oh Yes - Yes.

W: I was ready to fuck him as soon as we entered the hotel. He
ran into some colleagues in the lobby and we got dragged into the
reception. The next 90 minutes were the longest reception Ive
ever attended. It was hard to follow the conversation when all I
could think about was the outline of Dannys cock I saw on the
drive over. I phoned you from the lobby because I knew once I got
into his room Id be too preoccupied.

W: We got on the elevator - another man got in and pushed the
button for the 4th floor. As soon as he left Danny was on me. He
pressed my body against the wall of the elevator, put his hands
on my ass and began kissing me. I was hungry for him. I good
still taste the red wine on his tongue. He pressed me hard
against the wall and I could feel his prick swelling between the
layers of our clothing.

H: I can see it in my mind. Youre making me crazy. Im about to
explode.

W: He pulled my skirt up exposing my ass - his hands were rough
and forceful as he kneaded my cheeks. He ran his fingers ran down
the crack of my ass and dipped into the wetness that was oozing
from me. I was so wet that his fingers quickly became slippery.
He touched my asshole and I almost came before I even saw his
hotel room. The elevator doors opened. Had anyone been there,
thered have been little doubt what was about to happen to me.

H: You were about to get fucked werent you?

W: Yes. I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted his cock inside me.

H: Tell me.

W: We stumbled to his room. He had problems getting his pass card
working. I pressed up against him from behind. I reached in front
of him and felt his cock for the first time. I could feel the
heat of it through his pants. I could feel the size of it. It was
thick and very, very hard. I started to unbuckle his belt right
there in the hallway - I was that excited. He flipped his card
the other way around and managed to get the door unlocked. I
followed him in - still clinging to his belt.

W: As soon as the door closed behind us, I sank to my knees. He
turned around to face me - his large cock right in front of my
face. I fumbled with his belt, and unclasped his pants. I stopped
for a moment and thought about what was about to happen. I paused
before pulling his zipper down - I wanted to stretch out this
moment. I stroked him through his clothing with the flat of my
palm - slow strokes along the full length of his cock. Slowly up
to the top and then back down again - pressing against his cock
with my palm - feeling his cock strain back against me.

W: I pulled his zipper down and his pants fell to the floor. He
stepped out his pants. I looked at him in his underwear as he
fumbled with his shoes and socks. I reached for his cock and
surrounded it with my hand. There was a wet spot on his Jockeys
near the tip of his cock. I brought my face closer and kissed
this damp spot. It tasted salty and musky. It gave me a preview
of what I knew his cock would taste like when it touched my
tongue. I could wait no longer. I pulled his shorts down and his
cock sprung free and slapped my face. The force of it signaled
how powerful this cock would feel in my cunt. I wrapped my hand
around the base of his cock and took him into my mouth.

W: I stroked his shaft and I licked the head. He tasted
wonderful. His cock seemed to get even harder. I lifted his prick
up so I could lick the entire length of him. From the base of his
balls to the tip. Had his tongue been on me I knew Id have cum.
I admired his restraint.

W: He reached down and strongly lifted me up. He felt powerful -
I felt weightless in his arms. He pulled me into an embrace and
tugged my blouse from my skirt. He worked on my buttons. I pulled
my skirt up and straddled his cock with my pussy. I stood on my
tiptoes and felt his hot cock slip between my legs. He wasnt
inside me but it felt as it good as it otherwise could.

W: He undid two buttons at my collar and pulled the blouse over
my head. I had his shirt undone and pulled it off his shoulders.
He unfastened my bra and we were virtually naked together - just
my small skirt bunched about my waist. My tits were pressed into
his chest. His rough chest hair dragged across my nipples. The
tips of my nipples seemed wired with high voltage straight to my
clit. His tongue was back in my mouth - dancing over my tongue.
He reached down - grasped the back of my thighs and lifted me
slightly. This raised my cunt just high enough that the head of
his up-thrusting prick slipped inside me. I was so wet that no
guidance was needed. He slowly lowered me back down. I could feel
his hardness impaling me deeper and deeper. Slowly he lowered me
- the ever-increasing width of his cock separating me and filling
me deeper and deeper. I came before my toes touched the carpet.

H: Unnghh - Ahhhh - Ohhhh - Ummm. Baby - baby - Sooo sweet.

W: Yes it was - it was very sweet indeed. Catch your breath.
Perhaps Ill tell you more another day.

