I was in my adjoining hotel room bathroom staring into the mirror while applying my eyeliner when my grandfather peeked his head into the door and said, "I was just checking to see if you were about ready. It's 6:45. You know you don't have to go to this boring ole dance if you don't want to. I won't be upset."
I turned and looked at him before replying, "Grandpa, don't be silly. Going to your Military Veteran's Ball with you is a once in a lifetime chance. Not only would I not miss it for the world, I would be honored to go with you. I just wished Grandma could be here to go with you."
He gave me a soft, "thank you" smile before responding, "Well, I do know one thing. I will have the prettiest date there for sure."
"Awww, thank you. I have a couple more curls to put in my hair and I'll be ready," I responded.
Howard, my father's father, was now 74 years old and had been invited to a large military reunion that was to be held at The Lodge at Torrey Pines located in La Jolla, California which was just north of San Diego. This was a five star resort located on a golf course. Many guys who served all branches of the military were meeting with their buddies for a four-day, itinerary driven get-together. Not only did I want to be with him in case he needed help, I was genuinely curious about all these men who had served our country.
Grandpa and I were staying in our own room which was a suit, connected by a narrow door. On the first night, there was a formal ball for all the veterans and their dates. He had served in the Air Force during the Vietnam War and was dressed in his full uniform. He looked immaculate wearing his shined shoes, buttons, and belt buckle along with his medals. I was wearing a formal matching full length gown that was tailored to fit my 5'6, 118 pound frame. My blonde hair was down, spiral curled and the air force earrings I was wearing matched my hazel eyes perfectly.
When we went down to the huge ballroom, it was decorated with red, white, and blue. There were streamers, flags, and stars which provided the room with a classy, patriotic theme. All the men and women who had served were dressed in their very best uniform. Many of the men were pretty old having served in WWII, Korea, and Vietnam. Some were still very mobile and active while others sat in their wheelchairs up to the table. I was so proud to be part of that atmosphere and I sat with my grandfather at this large round table.
In walked an older couple who Grandpa stood and introduced to me, "Britt, I want you to meet Leo and his lovely wife Lorainne." As I shook their hands, Grandpa continued, "We served in the Airforce together back in the late 60s. We even went through basic together in San Antonio. We have stayed in touch all these years."
I had pleasant conversation with them before getting us all a drink. More couples arrived and our table was full. I mostly just listened to all the war tales along with different missions and so forth. It was all so interesting. The band played classic oldies type songs and it was a pleasure to see all of the people enjoying themselves. Grandpa and I danced to a couple of his favorite songs.
Eventually when Grandpa started talking to some of his other buddies, I began circulating the room, shaking people's hands and giving out large hugs. It was so fun. Even though I was only 19, I felt like I could put empathize with what they had gone through even though I couldn't. As the night wore on and the alcohol was starting to take effect on many of the veterans, the laughing and crude talk became more evident. I didn't mind because they were just trying to have a good time.
When I went to the bar to pick up drinks for the four of us, there was a line. While I waited, I stood smiling and waving at guys but right behind me was a group of Army veterans talking about sex. Of course I leaned in and tried to eavesdrop on their conversation.
One of the guys said to the group, "That's right and she gave the best head in 50 states. I still can feel it. What about you Phil?"
Phil responded, "Nah, I wasn't so lucky. My wife passed away 7 years ago and even before that, she didn't like to suck. Hell, we couldn't even fuck for almost 15 years after her hip surgery. I learned to live with it. I've never had a woman give me a long deepthroat blowjob and swallow. That is on my bucket list."
The other guy laughed, "You're running out of time you 75 year old bastard."
Phil responded, "Yep, not much to do now for this old helicopter pilot but to sit around in my Colorado mountain home and watch porn and dream of a BJ."
Everyone listening let out a large laugh. I felt sad for Phil because he hadn't experienced an enthusiastic blowjob that ended in a swallow. He was still a handsome older man that fought for our country and he at least deserved that. He was about 5'10, 170 pounds and didn't have much hair left but what he had was mostly white with some sprinkles of red.
I smirked to myself then approached him, "Hi. I'm Brittni. Would you like to dance?"
Phil was stunned for a second before responding, "Well, sure pretty lady. I'm Phil and I would love to dance with you."
When he stood up, I took him by the hand and led him to the exit in front of the room when he asked with a puzzled tone in his voice, "Uh...dear, where are we going. The dance floor is that way."
With my strappy high heels clicking across the floor, I giggled, "I want to show you something first. Just be patient."
He was intrigued and when we stepped into the elevator, he asked, "Honey, do you have me mistaken for someone else?"
I kept smiling, took him by the hand and led him to my room. After scanning the card, we entered and he looked around, "What did you want to show me?"
"I'm going to show you what it is like to get a great blowjob," I casually informed.
Phil was now really confused, "Am I on a hidden TV show? Honey, I appreciate the offer but I look to be at least 50 years older than you."
I shot back with a twinkle in my eye, "Fifty six, but who's counting?"
He asked, "How did you know...."
I quickly interrupted, "Oh, I heard you guys talking and I also heard what was on your bucket list. Is that true you have never experienced a woman swallowing your seed after a deepthroat blowjob?"
Phil seemed embarrassed, "Uh...well...you see...uh...my wife, God rest her soul, was never too keen on sucking cock. And she definitely didn't swallow so I would have to respond with a resounding affirmative."
I grinned, licked my lips and seductively offered, "That is where I come in. I think it is time to cross this off your list."
He defensively responded, "Oh, you don't have to do that. It was just more guy talk more than anything else. We probably ought to head back."
I stood up against him and his freshly laundered Army uniform. I unbuckled his belt and in one swift motion, pulled it out of the belt loops before tossing it to the floor.
Looking directly into his eyes, I seduced, "Don't be silly. We aren't leaving this room until I have sucked that dick of yours and you have blown that load deep in my throat. Do I make myself clear?"
Phil gave in, "Are you sure?"
"Um, hum," I mumbled while unbuckling his pants.
Once he stepped out of his slid-down slacks, I pulled his underwear off, exposing his pale legs and a nice sized flaccid cock surrounded by thick red pubic hair with some gray speckled in. After sitting the pants across the bed, neatly folded, I instructed him to sit down in the plush green chair located in the corner of the room.
He was still a little unsure but I eased him as I began to help him off with his uniform shirt, "I want you completely naked and relaxed for this. Once his coarse chest hair was exposed, he sat down in the chair. I knelt down and after untying his shoes, I removed them followed by his socks. He was completely naked and ready.
"Like I said, you don't have to...." He began to assure me.
I interrupted, "Shhh, you sit back and relax. I'm going to suck it like it has never been sucked before."
I lifted the soft penis and began kissing his hairy balls. Phil jumped when my warm lips pressed against his hanging sac. Moving my lips around while darting my tongue all over while I stroked, caused Phil to shift in the chair. His eyes were squinted and I knew he was enjoying my mouth. His cock was starting to come to life and chubbing up nicely. Holding it by the base I began sucking it.
When my mouth descended down the shaft, I felt his body shudder and he gasped, "Ohhhh, that feels nice. That feels sooo nice!"
As my head bobbed up and down sucking his cock until it became hard. I pulled my mouth off his saliva covered head and asked, "Does that feel good baby?"
His hands were clenched to the chair arms when he sighed, "Definitely. Your mouth feels like heaven."
As Phil spoke, I noticed his cock was impressive and looked about 7 ½ inches long. As soon as he finished I responded, "It looks big and tastes good too."
I smiled and began sucking it again. I would slurp it really hard then I would slow down before stopping. I wanted to edge him and allow a huge build up. After giving him head for about ten minutes, his dick began to lose its erection and felt rubbery in my mouth.
Phil became uncomfortable and apologetic, "I'm sorry dear, it's not you. I promise. It feels incredible but I have been taking these damn blood pressure pills combined with getting older, I have trouble keep it hard."
I looked up at Phil with kind eyes, "Don't worry about it sweetie. If it happens, it happens. I will suck it off either way. You sit back and relax and let me worry about it. There is no pressure whatsoever. Your only job is to enjoy my mouth."
I didn't care that it went soft. I only cared that Phil was going to get the blowjob he longed for. Even though I was down on my knees between his legs wearing a full dress, high heels and my curled hair flowing down in my face, I wasn't going anywhere. I jerked and sucked simultaneously until it became fully engorged once again.
I stopped and giggled, "See, I told you. He's back and it now looks even bigger."
I quickly went over to his shoes and pulled out both shoe strings. Scooting back to Phil on my knees, I took one of the strings and tied a nice snug bow around his cock and balls like a homemade cock ring. It worked and not only did his cock throb and fatten up even more due to the blood restriction, a large amount of precum began oozing from the hole.
While admiring his now rock-hard erection, I used the second shoe string to tie my hair back while he commented, "Look at that honey. It is huge and so hard. It feels like it did back when I was young. Thank you for this,"
By then, the precum had run half way down the veiny shaft. I grinned, stuck out my tongue and licked up the oozing liquid. I went back to sucking it and prepared myself to deepthroat every inch. He had commented to his buddies that he hadn't been deepthroated and it was now time to fulfill that wish.
I tightened my throat muscles before sliding down unit the head of his cock was pressed against my tonsils. With a push, it popped past my gag reflex and my lips were quickly mashed into his pubic hair. I did heave once but quickly regained my composure before I began deepthroat sucking Phil's dick.
His legs straightened and trembled, "Damn, that is wonderful. I've never had anyone be able to do this. Brittni, you are the best."
I bobbed and gurgled while I sucked. I did not use my hands except on his thighs so that he could enjoy a true hands-free deepthroat blowjob until orgasm. Because of my up-tempo, I felt my ponytail slap the back of my neck. Phil slowly slid down in the chair until his ass was eventually hanging off the edge of it. After about 15 minutes of sucking I stopped to get a few unobstructed breaths of air and allow my lips to regain some feeling.
Phil sat on the edge of the chair with his heels dug into the floor, once again offering an apology, "I'm sorry baby girl for taking so long. It feels so good and I'm so close."
While moving my jaw back and forth, I responded, "I told you, don't worry about it. If we have to stay here all night, we will get this done. I will suck it for hours if I have to."
Just before I was to start back up, my phone buzzed. It was Grandpa when I answered, "Hi Grandpa, what's up? Yes I'm safe, don't be silly. I know. I am helping one of the veterans. Yes, he is very happy and I am taking good care of him. I will be back down there in a few minutes. Ok. Ok, Grandpa, I love you too."
I winked at Phil, "Now where were we?"
He had a shy look on his face when he stood up, bounced his hard cock up and down before asking, "Look at this. It is so hard and ready to go. It would be a shame not to fuck something. You are so good at deepthroating, would you care if I fucked your throat? I think that would put me over the edge."
I snickered, "Sure baby. Do you want me to lay down on the bed with my head hanging over the side?"
"That would be...would be perfect," an excited Phil responded.
I laid down and draped the back of my neck over the side of the bed before instructing him, "Ease it in at first. Let me get used to it going down my throat this way. Once I get it situated, then you can fuck it the way you like."
Phil stood above me with his hanging, hairy nuts staring me in the face. He lowered his knees while holding the base of his hard dick. I put my gums over my teeth awaiting for him to place the head onto my upside down roof of my mouth. Once the spongy mushroom was inside, he positioned his naked body while holding onto the side of the bed with both hands.
He moved his hips in a circular motion until he wiggled his manhood down my throat. His hairy balls were tickling my forehead and nose. I tapped the back of his thigh signaling him to pull out and try again until it fit comfortably in my esophagus.
Even though my entire vision was filled with his balls and asshole, I heard him groan, "Oh, that is it, right there. It is so warm and tight. This will do it. Are you ready?"
I tried to mumble, "Um hum and move my constricted head."
Phil started fucking my mouth and throat. He went slowly but would bottom out each time, allowing his balls to smash into my nostrils. His pumping slowed to a grind. I would occasionally gag but not enough to have him withdraw.
"This is great. I'm so close. I swear, your throat feels better than pussy," he grunted.
I reached around and grabbed his wrinkled butt cheeks and guided him. Phil was humping and grinding, trying to find that perfect feel with his nuts rubbing my nose. I allowed him to use my throat as his personal pussy. I could feel his cock throb.
He huffed, "Almost there baby. Almost there. Get ready. Here it comes!"
I was anxious and wanted to feel it squirt down my throat when his entire ass began to shake. I could feel his balls jerk on my face as the cum began to blast out!
"OH! There it is! Oh! Oh! Augh! Yess! Augghh, yesss!" Phil snorted as he unloaded his semen down my gullet.
I couldn't swallow but only allow it to shoot out like I was bonging a yogurt. I couldn't believe a 75 year old man could actually ejaculate about 10 times in one orgasm but Phil did it. When the spurting finally stopped, he pressed his cock as far as it would go and held it still while quivering his post orgasm come-down.
When he pulled out, a long trail of slime clung to the head and broke off across my cheek. My eyes had watered and when I sat up, my face was a mess.
Phil collapsed back onto the chair out of breath, "That was the best orgasm I have ever had." Everything was perfect! I don't know where you come from, but you are an angel."
I laughed, "That is a big thank you to you. You deserve that and now I'm full and won't have to eat."
Phil laughed with me. He began getting dressed and I had to fix my face in the bathroom mirror. We both walked back down to the dance and I rejoined Grandpa. My pussy was now wet and ready for action while Phil rejoined his buddies at his table with a large smile on his face. I knew that when he told them what happened, it wasn't just guy talk anymore. Many people tell veterans, "Thank you for your service" but I actually showed him.