Slowly Matt’s words sink in. Mohinder realises that he has been wrong about them from the start. He and Matt don’t have some heaven sent romance or an immutable connection. They are stumbling through blindly just like any other couple. Instead of capturing the first blush of their love and keeping it forever unchanged, by not communicating with Matt he has made things worse. It has been Mohinder’s decision and Mohinder’s choice but now he feels completely without control. He comes to see that they were never his choices to make without Matt.

He leans forward and tilts Matt’s head up. The anxious look in his eyes makes Mohinder’s heart ache. He presses their lips together in a deep and tender kiss. He can feel Matt’s breath against his mouth and tastes the pizza still lingering on his tongue. Mohinder strokes his cheek. He wants to kick himself for making Matt feel this way. For weeks he has been so involved in his own desires that he has failed entirely to think of Matt’s needs. It is not his cracks that have been artfully concealed but Matt’s.

He pulls out of the kiss with a sigh. Matt’s hand on his knee is clenching tightly. Mohinder wants to chase away his memories of Janice and her betrayal. He needs Matt to know that he never has to fear that Mohinder will behave the same way. But what leg does he have to stand on? Hasn’t Mohinder been concealing and deceiving just as she had? Mohinder’s stomach lurches and he knows he will have to come clean, to face Matt’s rejection and scorn.

‘No, Matt. I don’t want to end this at all,’ Mohinder mumbles against his cheek.

‘Then what is it?’

Instead of answering, Mohinder takes Matt’s hand from his knee and presses it against his crotch. Matt’s fingers instinctively curl to cup his cock, still stiff inside his trousers. Mohinder bites his lip. His eyes flutter shut as Matt’s wide palm massages his length and he moans when Matt’s thumb rubs circles where his tip strains against his fly. He frames Matt’s face with his hands, dropping breathless kisses on his lips, chin and cheeks. Matt breaks away with a grunt of confusion.

‘Mohinder, I don’t understand. What’s going on with you?’

Mohinder blushes and tries to find the words to explain all the conflicting thoughts and confusing desires that have been swirling in his head. He drops his hands to Matt’s shoulders and leans their foreheads together. Mohinder wants to make Matt understand but he has never felt as inarticulate as he does at that moment. He needs to comfort Matt and dispel his fears but to his dismay the words seem to die in his throat. He mouths along Matt’s cheek bone and presses his lips to Matt’s ear. Squeezing his eyes shut, Mohinder makes a decision and steels himself for the consequences.

‘Read my mind’

To Mohinder’s surprise, Matt pulls back completely. He has to brace himself on Matt’s broad shoulders to stop himself from toppling forward and off the sofa. Matt is chewing on his lip and shaking his head.

‘Mohinder… no.’ Matt’s hands flail in the air as he opens and closes his mouth repeatedly, each half-started sentence abandoned with a shrug of his shoulders. He brings his fist to his forehead, shutting his eyes for a moment and with a grunt of frustration, starts again. ‘Ok, look… Mohinder, you’ve always been very clear that your head is out of bounds. Always. I don’t know what’s going on but whatever it is you can talk to me. I don’t need to invade your privacy like that.’

‘It’s not an invasion if I ask you to look. Please, Matt. I need you to look, I trust you.’ Mohinder knows he sounds desperate, but he doesn’t care because he is desperate. He can think of no way to verbalise the weeks of emotions he has been keeping inside and no way to explain why he hadn’t just told Matt what he wanted from the start. Faced with Matt’s very real fears and insecurities, Mohinder’s seem petty and juvenile. He trusts Matt not to delve deeper into his mind than he has consented to. Suddenly, it was vitally important to him that Matt accept that trust. ‘Please.’

Mohinder tugs Matt up by his arms and they sit side by side on the sofa. Matt looks distraught but defiant, as if, despite Mohinder’s words, he fully expects to find thoughts of break up and distance in Mohinder’s mind. With a deep breath he cocks his head and his brow furrows. Mohinder floods his consciousness with every thought that has niggled and harassed him. He doesn’t hold back or try to conceal, everything is on display: his anxieties and insecurities; his rough, masturbatory fantasies; his overwhelming need for Matt to understand and not push him away. He can see Matt’s eyes flickering under his closed lids, his head just barely swaying as he scans through Mohinder’s memory.

Matt reels backwards, releasing Mohinder’s consciousness. ‘Shit, Mohinder. You have a graphic imagination.’ Almost before the words have been spoken, Matt is crushing their lips together. Now it is Mohinder’s turn to reel because of all the possible outcomes, this, the one he desired the most, is the one he was least expecting. Mohinder’s lips part in surprise and instantly Matt’s tongue is there, forcing Mohinder to open wider and claiming his mouth. Matt growls, deep and low in his throat. Mohinder can feel the vibrations against his lips and the rumble seems to rocket through his body, settling at the base of his dick, sending hormones shooting in every direction. Matt’s hand is fisting in his hair and holding him almost painfully tight. He tilts his head further, nipping and pulling at Mohinder’s lips.

Every part of Mohinder’s body seems to ache and throb with want. His lips are swollen and raw. His cock is heavy and engorged. His skin is prickling, and he feels delirious and light-headed as blood pounds furiously through his veins. While Mohinder clutches helplessly at Matt’s shirt, he attempts to make sense of the situation. Not five minutes ago he and Matt seemed to be at complete cross-purposes, now with Matt’s growing erection grinding against his leg there is no doubt that they are completely in tune.

When Matt yanks him up by the shoulders and forcefully guides him backwards to their bedroom, Mohinder decides to stop thinking and just give in to what is happening. He trusts Matt utterly and he chooses to let Matt take control. The buttons are ripped from his shirt as Matt pulls it open and shoves it to the ground. Wide, warm palms are skating down his chest. Matt’s fingers wrestle with his belt, tearing it from his trousers and tossing it aside. He has one hand shoved down the front of Mohinder’s boxers and uses the other to hold his wrists behind his back.

With a chuckle, Matt steps back. Mohinder whines and tries to step forwards but with just one hand Matt has rendered him immobile. He tries to twist and squirm, to get Matt to stroke and pleasure him once more but Matt just stares at his face and waits for him to still. ‘Are you sure this is what you want?’

Mohinder nods. In an instant he is being spun around. He lands against the wall with a dull smack. The impact is hard against his cheek and his limbs quiver with anticipation. On pure instinct he struggles as Matt’s superior weight and muscle bear down on him from behind. Matt starts to pull back, but Mohinder forces his body to go limp, resting pressed up against the wall. ‘Please, Matt.’

He is panting and moaning. Matt is wrenching his trousers and boxers down, his hands cupping and fondling in their wake. Mohinder toes off his shoes and kicks away everything that has bunched around his ankles. He feels Matt’s palm rest solidly between his shoulder blades. He presses down, holding him more firmly against the wall as Mohinder hears the soft slide of a drawer being opened. Matt rifles through the contents, swearing under his breath as he gropes blindly for the spare cuffs.

A small yes of triumph is all the warning Mohinder receives before the cold, hard metal is biting into his wrists. All the air rushes from his lungs as Matt’s hot, firm body traps his arms between them and the chill of the cuffs settles on his lower back. He can feel Matt’s hardness rubbing against his ass. Without Matt there to hold him up Mohinder is certain he would have collapsed. His head is swimming and his legs are trembling. It is everything that he has been fantasising about and yet so much better. Mohinder’s imagination could never have captured the immense love he feels for Matt at that exact moment, or his gratitude that Matt is willing to play this game with him.

Matt is sucking at his neck and nipping at his earlobe. He tries to move his arms, to reach his palms back and caress Matt’s stomach but all he achieves is a slow, aching burn in his shoulders. For a moment Mohinder thinks he will come then and there, caught between the unyielding wall and Matt’s body. The head of his dick is moving slickly along the painted surface. He thrusts his hips but the feeling is cool and unsatisfying, nothing like Matt’s deft fingers or the tight, incomparable heat of his ass.

Fingers are digging into his hip. Mohinder cries out, feeling himself bruise under the rough grip, but Matt slaps his hand over his mouth and muffles his protests. Mohinder is flipped around, his back to the wall and Matt replaces his hand with his lips. He swallows Mohinder’s groans and thrusts his knee between Mohinder’s legs. He whines into Matt’s kiss as his cock grinds into the scratchy wool of his trousers. Mohinder’s dick is dripping everywhere, making a mess and staining Matt’s suit but neither can spare a thought to care about dry cleaning. Their musk hangs thickly in the air. All of Mohinder’s senses are overcome with the signs of their arousal.

Slowly, Matt breaks the kiss. Mohinder leans forward to try and keep the contact, pushing away from the wall with his bound wrists. Matt just presses him back with barely a nudge of his hand. Mohinder is nothing compared to Matt’s strength and he is wholly at the larger man’s mercy. They inhale shuddery breaths. Mohinder is pleased to note Matt’s flushed cheeks and the damp patch in his crotch that is not solely the result of Mohinder’s wetness.

Locking their eyes, Matt pulls the gun from its holster. He squeezes Mohinder’s shoulder tightly and Mohinder understands that he is to stay still and not distract him. He licks his lips as he watches Matt remove the bullets. He holds up the gun and shows Mohinder the empty chamber, waiting until Mohinder nods his approval before closing it and clicking on the safety. Matt cradles the revolver in his palm with the easy grace borne of years of training. It is second nature for him to point the barrel to the ground and Mohinder worries that Matt will baulk at levelling the weapon at him, even unloaded. Then, the cool mouth of the barrel is sinking into the soft flesh of his stomach.

Goose pimples erupt on his skin. Mohinder feels as if his every nerve ending has migrated to the area above his navel currently covered by the cold metal. The sensation is intense. Without thinking Mohinder tries to bring his hands forward but they are held fast by the cuffs. The sharp edges cut into his skin, making him cry out when he feels his flesh abraded. Mohinder’s cock twitches, jumping at the flood of hormones in his groin. His arousal, already almost beyond what Mohinder can bear, reaches new heights. He lets his head fall back against the wall with a dull thud. He arches his back. His hips rock forward but Matt has seen the effect the gun is having on him and pulls his own hips away to tease. Mohinder just writhes against the wall. He is rubbing his ass over the hard handcuffs and he knows his skin will be red and raw by the time they are done. Mohinder is panting, swearing and moaning, fucking the air because he can’t ride his own palm or thrust against Matt.

‘Jesus, Mohinder,’ Matt mutters. His voice is breathless and he follows his words with a throaty chuckle. The sound rumbles through Mohinder’s body and he finds it excruciatingly erotic. He opens his eyes to find Matt staring at him in open mouthed awe. Mohinder smirks; it is good to know that he isn’t the only one getting off on this. Matt drags the gun slowly up his torso, pressing the barrel into his skin just hard enough to skirt the line of pleasure and pain. The metal, by now warm with the heat of Mohinder’s body, is bouncing over his ribs and running along his clavicle. Matt steps closer. He traces the gun up the line of Mohinder’s neck, following his vein as it pulses hotly under his skin. With the revolver pointing straight up, the mouth nestled under Mohinder’s chin, Matt tilts his head up and captures Mohinder’s lips in a searing kiss.

It is rough and raw, filled with teeth and growls. Mohinder knows he has never experienced lust as purely as he does at that moment. The gun is scraping against his stubble, as Matt caresses his jaw. The buttons of Matt’s shirt are leaving red welts down his bare torso and the buckle of his belt is digging into the soft muscles of his abdomen. Mohinder hooks his ankle around the back of Matt’s knees, forcing him to lean onto his body. Matt grunts at the contact and Mohinder whimpers, his arms wrenched behind him with the exquisite pressure. Their teeth clack together but they don’t break the kiss. The gun is sliding down Mohinder’s neck again. This time it is the side, not the mouth of the barrel that is stroking him and Mohinder can feel every dip and groove in the revolver as it brushes over him.

Matt circles the barrel around Mohinder’s nipple. He flicks the gun upwards, teasing the hard nub and making Mohinder buck against him. Up and down, spiralling around and pressing over Mohinder’s heart, Matt is merciless with the touch. Then the gun is drifting lower, ghosting down his side and inching down the groove of his hip. As Matt’s teeth tug at his bottom lip, he uses the gun to rub Mohinder’s erection. The metal is hard against the side of his dick and it is like nothing Mohinder has ever experienced before. The gun is groping him everywhere: circling his base, pressing tenderly against his sac, sliding smoothly up his shaft and gliding over the head. It is wonderful and terrible at the same time. It is vulgar, crude, a violation Mohinder should object to but it is also sensual and carnal – he never wants it to stop.

Matt rolls the rim of the barrel on very tip of Mohinder’s cock, collecting his pre-come on the metal. He brings the gun up between them and finally pulls out of the kiss. He holds the revolver to Mohinder’s lips. With one eyebrow raised, Mohinder flicks his tongue out and slowly licks a swathe though the stickiness that mars the gleaming metal. Matt groans at the sight and for a moment his eyes roll back. He presses the gun to Mohinder’s bottom lip and smears his pre-come along it, twisting the gun so that all the wetness is transferred. The gun catches on his lip and drags Mohinder’s mouth open. He swirls his tongue around the barrel, letting the tip dart down the inside and tasting the bitter grease that Matt uses to clean it.

Then the gun is gone, falling down to the side with Matt’s arms. Their mouths meet again and Mohinder’s essence is spread between their lips and coating their tongues. Mohinder’s taste fills their kiss as Matt nibbles and sucks at his bottom lip, cleaning it completely. With a strangled groan Mohinder falls to his knees, unable to stand the tease any longer. He presses his face to Matt’s crotch. He nuzzles the warm, damp wool that is straining over his groin. Inhaling Matt’s scent deeply, he traces the outline of Matt’s hard cock with his nose. Mohinder rubs his cheek up and down his length before travelling the same route with his open mouth. He pants a hot breath over the head, teasing Matt through the thick material.

‘Oh, shit! Mohinder!’

Matt’s hand fists in his hair, tugging him back. He struggles awkwardly to open his fly and hold the gun in the same hand, grunting in frustration at the time it takes to free his straining hardness. Matt’s erection is barely released before Mohinder’s mouth is on him. He feels a few hairs tear from the base of his scalp when he darts forward without warning. Matt slaps his hand against the wall, swearing as Mohinder eagerly licks up his length. He stretches up on his knees and sucks the tip between his lips, humming as he bobs his head. The gun is trailing up the front of his neck, playing over his Adam’s apple and along his jaw line. Mohinder tilts his head to let the head of Matt’s cock press against the inside of his cheek. Matt brings the gun up to caress the side of his face and fondle his cock as it lies within the hot wetness of Mohinder’s mouth. Slowly, he pulls back, swirling his tongue and slurping up Matt’s pre-come. He releases Matt with an obscene pop, swallowing loudly and grinning at his own vulgar display. Matt looks down and their eyes meet, pupils shot wide with desire.

‘Fuck me,’ Mohinder begs.