Exposing Cindy
bySumguy2011©

Ding Dong!

"Oh shit!" Cindy hissed as she heard the doorbell. Her phone buzzed loudly at the same time too, meaning this was it, the package she had ordered and had been waiting for three weeks now. And of course, like the last two times the delivery service came to drop off said package, Cindy was in the middle of something.

First time she was out at work, damn delivery guy came in 10 in the morning. Since she wasn't home, he left a note, said service will try again in 2-5 business days. Second time, which was 2 days later, the delivery guy came 8:30 in the morning, just 20 minutes right before Cindy left to go buy something at the store.

This time it was 5 in the afternoon and Cindy was home. She was also right in the middle of a shower.

"Fucking online shopping network..." Cindy muttered as she hurriedly rinsed her hair. She heard the doorbell ring again. Fuck, there was no time! "Just a minute!!" She yelled as loudly as she could while reaching for her towel. Stepping off the shower, hair still damp and foamy in places with bits of shampoo, Cindy walked out to the front door, clad in a huge towel.

"Delivery." The guy said, bored and tired expression on his face. Setting the package down, he nonchalantly handed a piece of paper and a pen to Cindy. "Sign here please."

The moment she finished, the guy took the paper and left. For some reason that really pissed Cindy off.

"Oooh... Fucking delivery service..." Cindy hissed under her breath. Well, at least my order's here, she thought as she inspected the package. That was when she noticed the box was two feet by two feet, and weighed like 10 kilograms.

"Oh no. Oh God, no..." Cindy said as she began ripping the box open. She ordered a professional makeup kit, and as large as that was, it shouldn't be as big or as heavy as this. Her heart sank as she saw that instead, the delivery guy dropped off a microwave oven.

"Fucking delivery moron gave me the wrong package!!" Cindy snarled. "Damn it! Fucking damn it!!"

She now had to go and call the online shopping network, fight customer service, demand a replacement while shipping this shit back to them. That was another week at least of waiting for them to get their order sent right!

Lifting with both hands, Cindy tried to carry the package back inside. Consumed by intense anger, she didn't notice her dog Biscuit standing behind her, and promptly stepped on his foot. She was surprised as he let out a pained and surprised yelp, and bolted outside.

"Shit!!" Cindy cursed. Her first instinct was to run after the dog, and soon as she did Cindy's foot caught on something else, and promptly tripped.

"God, oww!" She hissed, rubbing her knee. She stepped on Biscuit's chew toy, an old rubber bone that her dog chewed and played with so much the squeaky part had worn down. Mentally cursing the dog out of anger, who at this point got out and will likely be harassing the neighborhood cats, Cindy got up, decided to finish her shower and get dressed, and then solve all of this insanity.

Her hand closed on the door handle, and to Cindy's surprise, found out that it was locked.

"What the..?" The thought processed slowly in her brain, and Cindy tugged and rattled the door knob before she realized that she was locked out. She released a frustrated sigh and as she turned to try and see if her back door wasn't locked Cindy found another problem.

The front door closed on her towel.

"Oh, are you kidding me?" She snapped, and out of anger she forcefully pulled at the towel, intending to wedge it free.

Instead she tore it in half. Well, less than that, really. Most of the towel still remained on the door, and what was in Cindy's hands was about a third of it, barely enough to cover the front half of her body.

A torrent of expletives ran through Cindy's mind as she realized her situation. "Fuck, I'm locked out. Naked!"

Living in a gated community where almost all the houses were bungalows with little to no fences, Cindy was totally and completely exposed. Her house had flat front porch and had no place to run behind for cover. Had her neighbors been outside they'd see Cindy in all her bare glory; a slim Asian woman with a firm, toned body, size 32C breasts that complimented her small waist and highlighted the gentle curves of her hips and butt. Her pussy was topped with a fuzzy patch of trimmed black pubic hair, which contrasted well against her pale, white skin.

Draping her arm over her chest and holding the tiny remains of her towel wrapped around her waist, Cindy made a beeline for the back of her house. She desperately, desperately hoped she didn't lock the back door. 

And of course, it was locked.

"Shit." Cindy whispered to herself, frustrated. She sank down, knees on her chest, as if becoming smaller would hide her better. The back of her house fortunately had a small stone fence, which served to separate the small space allotted to her house and the neighbor's own backyard. Said neighbors usually had their children playing there, with each summer the neighbors usually setting up an inflatable pool for said kids to play in.

They weren't out there now, due to the heat of the afternoon, but Cindy had no doubt that as soon as the sun set she'd be having an unwelcome audience.

"Okay, okay. Think Cindy, think..." She had to get out before she ended up accidentally exposing herself and possibly going to jail for indecent exposure. The windows! Cindy remembered. To save on electric bills Cindy often had her windows in the living room and kitchen open. They had bars on them, sure, but the one in the living room had rusted, and some of the bars finally broke just a few days ago. She could squeeze into the small opening!

Gathering her courage, Cindy made her way back to the front of her house. She shrank back as a car drove past, one of the neighbors, one that thankfully lived farther down the street. Getting to the damaged window and relieved to see that it was open, Cindy pushed against the bars and prepared to squeeze in when she saw sharp, rusty edges protruding from where the bars had broken.

She sighed as she removed the towel from her waist. She couldn't afford to get cut and worse, get a tetanus infection, she thought as she padded these points with the towel. As soon as she finished she quickly jammed herself in, managing to squeeze about halfway through.

That was about as far as Cindy got when she felt someone grab her waist.

"Whoa..." Cindy heard a familiar and irritating voice call out. "Cindy, bes, I know it's hot out but the way you cool down just makes me feel hot!"

"God damn it, Elena!" Cindy hissed. Elena was a friend from work, and a real slut too. With dark brown skin and a sharp, pretty face with piercing eyes she often accented with colored contacts, she had melted men and women with her gaze alone. Her body pretty much ensured that anyone she turned her sights to wouldn't be able to turn down her advances; size 36D boobs, a narrow waistline that rivaled petite Cindy's, and thick, curvy hips that really made her ass pop out and drove men crazy. She befriended Cindy after Cindy's terrible breakup with a longtime ex, and while unsuccessful so far, Elena had been determined to get her friend back out into the dating scene, though it was through the same slutty ways Elena often found dates.

Cindy yelped as Elena spread her legs apart, pushing her thighs up and exposing her pink Asian slit. "Wow, that Chinese complexion goes all the way down here, eh? The only dark parts of your pussy is the hair."

"Elena, please!" Cindy begged. She continued to pull but her friend was stronger. "Everyone will see!"

"I got you covered." Elena replied, and Cindy felt thin cloth drape over her backside; Elena's shawl. Flimsy, nearly transparent, her friend explained she uses it when it was cold at work. Elena also mentioned unsubtly that it was also pretty useful as impromptu lingerie and made a killer sarong wrap when she was at the beach.

"Now, where was I?" Elena said, her voice taking on that teasing, naughty tone. "Oh yes. Cindy, you just make me feel so hot right now."

Any further protests Cindy had was cut off as Elena placed her mouth on the trapped woman's pussy. Electric shocks of pleasure ran through Cindy's body as her friend's tongue parted her pussy lips, licking them softly before running small circles around her clitty. A low moan escaped Cindy's mouth, and a shudder ran through her whole body.

"You like that, huh?" Elena teased, before pressing her lips again, this time directly on Cindy's clitoris. Elena then began to suck gently, while her right hand rose up and squeezed her friend's butt before running her thumb in circles around Cindy's butthole.

"Oh God... Oh God!" Cindy said, body quivering. She felt hot now, very hot, and without fully realizing it she had braced her legs against the wall, rubbing her pussy deeper into Elena's face. Cindy had never felt turned on like this before, and never before in her life did she feel this quickly so close to an orgasm.

Cindy nearly screamed as Elena, still sucking on her clitty, sank two fingers into her slit. Two, three thrusts were all it took to bring her to a shuddering orgasm.

"OH GOD!!" Cindy yelled, her body shaking violently as she came hard. She didn't even notice as she fell on her living room floor, Elena either pushing her inside or the orgasm giving Cindy the strength to pull herself in. Right then, the only thing Cindy felt was pleasure and the heavy beating of her heart.

There was a strong series of knocks on her door. "Hey, let me in!" Elena called out. "You owe me at least a towel!"

On shaky legs, Cindy staggered to the door, unlocking it and letting Elena in quickly. Her friend, Cindy noticed, was dripping wet, her purple tank top drenched. "You sure are full of surprises, Cin." Elena said, smiling.

"Wha..?" Cindy managed to blurt just before Elena replied.

"You're a squirter, and oh my God, did you squirt at me."

Cindy furiously blushed. She was turned on by what happened, so badly turned on that she didn't just allow her friend to molest her (attempts which Elena regularly did when they were out but Cindy always rebuffed), but she actively encouraged Elena to get her off while she was trapped there! 

"And here I thought you didn't have a kink." Elena said, her shit-eating grin so much wider now, with a flash of naughtiness practically glowing behind her green-colored eyes.

"Hey, everything alright over there?!" A neighbor's voice shouted from outside. Cindy's blood froze. Fuck. FUCK, did they just see what Elena and I did?!

"We're fine!!" Elena yelled back, coming to the window to talk directly to Cindy's neighbor. "Had trouble measuring the window for an airconditioner! We got it now! Thanks!"

"Y-Yeah! Thanks!" Cindy yelled after, just as Elena closed the curtains. Turning to her friend, Elena smiled widely.

"Get dressed. We are going out tonight." She declared, simultaneously stripping off her top.

"Welcome to my world, Cin. I think you're really gonna like it."
