Riley takes a year out
by Vanessa Evans

Part 03

I woke just after ten, it was hot and I could hear the noise of people walking by. I had intended to do a bit of shopping but it was too late for that, not that it was urgent. After a shower and the rest of my daily morning bathroom routine I decided that I just had time to go and get some breakfast and be back for noon to meet Jason.

I seriously considered wearing just my trainers but in the end I put on just my diagonally cut skirt. Grabbing my purse I left my room.

“Buenos días Pedro.” I said as I walked through reception and out onto the street the twisted the waist of my skirt so that my slit was on display. I walked along the street to a cafe that I had seen before but not gone in, and sat at a table outside.

A girl about my age came over and asked me what I wanted. I watched her write my order on her pad with a smile on her face. The smile was still there and her eyes were on my tits when she brought me my coffee and full English breakfast. I was celebrating because I was sure that it was going to be a great day. 

When I was finished I sat back on my chair, made sure that my slit and clit were visible and waited for the girl to come and get the money. I watched her eyes to see if she looked towards my pussy and I was pleased when I saw that she did. In fact she stopped and looked for a few seconds before picking the money up.


I left and went back to the hotel where I had another shower, cleaned my teeth and brushed my hair, Then I dug out my only pair of heel (not very high), put them on and looked at myself in the mirror. Tweaking my nipples I was pleased to watch them get hard so I got hold of my clit with a finger and thumb and pulled and twisted that. I gasped as a bolt of pleasure went from my clit to my nipples and my clit felt like it was growing. 

Happy with the way I looked I left everything but my shoes and the key in my room and went downstairs to find Pedro, Catalina and some new guests who looked a little shocked to see a naked girl coming down the stairs.

Two guys watched me as I walked over to Catalina and gave her my key as I asked her if she had seen Jason.

“Relax Riley,” Catalina said, “he’ll be here.”

Then she continued quietly saying, 

“You are making those boys happy.”

I turned to look at them, and yes, they were smiling but that couldn’t be said for one of the girls with them. She looked daggers at me.

“She’s only jealous because she’s fat.” Catalina whispered causing me to giggle.

Then Jason walked in and over to us.

“Hi ladies, are you ready Riley?”

“I am.” I replied as I linked my arm round his which he had offered.

“I thought that we’d walk there Riley, it’s only about a kilometre.” Jason said as we turned a corner.

“Oh, okay then.” I replied then as we were passing a huge motorcycle he said,

“Only joking, I hope you don’t mind going on the back of this, something throbbing between your legs.”

I looked at him and grinned as he passed me one of the helmets that were on the back of the bike. I put it on then waited as Jason got on and waited fro me to climb on. If the two young men passing had looked they would have caught a quick flash of all of my pussy as I lifted me leg over.

“Hold on tight.” Jason said as the machine burst into life and pulled away.

I tried to imagine what I looked like but I instantly knew that it was right what they said about something big and throbbing between your legs, wow, if it was a long journey I might just have cum.

It wasn’t a long journey and soon Jason stopped outside some big gates and we watched them open. Once there was a gap big enough Jason sped through it and into a huge garage. As I climbed off I looked around and saw a people carrier and an open top Jeep. Handing Jason the helmet he said, 

“Lets meet the others before I give you the tour.”

I followed Jason to the pool where I saw five totally naked girls lounging around or in the pool.

“Ladies, this is Riley, a potential new member of the team.”

Jason then introduced, Ruby, Amber, Emma, Lizzy and Petra who said that she was pleased that I had decided to come. I noted that none of the other girls had tits much bigger than mine. 

“Okay ladies, I’m just going to give Riley the guided tour then she is all yours so don’t say anything negative to her and don’t forget that we have that party tonight.”

“There’s nothing negative to say Jason.” Amber said.

As Jason led me into the villa I had quick look around outside, it was big enough for four of mum and dad’s house and garden.

The inside was huge as well, so open and modern and the kitchen was much bigger than our lounge back home. Then it was up the wide, open staircase where he took me into bedroom after bedroom each with a huge bed and their own en-suite with walk-in shower, and a corner bath. Each of the first five bedrooms looked lived in with makeup and other girly things on the counter. I saw dildos and vibrators in three of the rooms.

The next bedroom was the same as the other ones that I’d seen so far except that this one didn’t look lived in.

“This will be your room if you decide to join us Riley.” 

I was gobsmacked, you could hold a party in that room. Taking my hand to bring me back to earth, Jason led me to another similar bedroom.

“This is the spare room.” He said just letting me look inside from the door. Then continued as we walked to the next door,

“And this is my bedroom.” Jason said as he opened the door and walked in.

It was bigger than the other rooms and the bed was much bigger than the others.

“You could hold a party on that bed.” I said.

“It has been known.” Jason replied and I immediately got an image in my brain of Jason and all of the girls making out with one another on that bed.

“Or an orgy.” I added.

Jason smiled at me but said nothing.

Going back downstairs Jason led me outside and to a workout room with half a dozen machines.. There were huge glass doors on the front that were open. People using the machines would be able to look out to the pool.

“Oh, that door over there leads to a sauna.” Jason said pointing to a door in the corner of the workout room.

“I’ve never been in a sauna.” I replied.

“Well join us and you can have as many saunas as you want Riley, there’s a massage table over by the pool, we can get a masseur in anytime that you want and he’s great at giving happy endings, so the girls tell me.”

I’d never heard of ‘happy endings’ in the context of massages but when Jason said that the girls said the masseur was great I guessed what he meant.


“So Riley that’s the tour, come to the kitchen and I’ll get you a drink then you can go and talk to the girls. I’ll come looking for you in a couple of hours for your decision.”

I knew what that decision was going to be but I decided to not tell him wondering if I said ‘yes’ then that he would send me off on a job straight away, and I wanted to talk to the girls and enjoy the pool, and the sun.

As I walked over to the pool with a drink in my hand I just knew that I was going to really enjoy working for Jason.

“Come over here,” Ruby said patting her hand on the empty lounger next to her, tell us all about yourself and ask us anything, and I mean anything. But before we start you look like you need some sunscreen on.”

“Thanks, I didn’t put any on before I left the hotel, can I have some of that?” I replied pointing to a bottle of it.

“You just lay there Riley, we’ll take care of you.” Ruby said, turn over sweetheart.” 

I did and I soon felt four hands working on my back and legs and as the hands moved up the back of my legs I instinctively spread my feet. My pussy got touched a couple of times and I couldn’t stop myself from moaning.

“Turn over Riley.” Amber said as I saw that it was Amber and Ruby that were working on me.

“You have nice breasts Riley.” Amber said as her hand started caressing the one on her side of me causing me to moan, and moan again as Ruby started working on my other tit. I swear that I would have had an orgasm if they had continued any longer but they must have sensed that and they moved down my body.

My feet dropped to each side of the lounger as Amber and Ruby started rubbing the sunscreen on my pubis and inner thighs, it was like they were teasing me, and it was working. They went round and round my pussy for ages and I was getting more and more horny.

“Please.” I finally begged and one hand started finger fucking me and the other rubbed my clit.

It didn’t take long for my butt to raise up and my body go rigid for a few seconds before it dropped and I started shaking and jerking.

“Oh my gawd,” I finally said, “that was totally awesome.” 

“We weren’t trying to seduce you into joining us Riley.” Amber said.

“Don’t worry, that wonderful experience won’t influence my decision. It was the first time that two girls have done that to me.” 

Amber lifted the top of my lounger so that I sat up then the questions soon started flying back and forth and the more I heard the more I liked.

I asked about the private parties that Jason had mentioned and discovered that he catered for the kinky lifestyle as well. Amber asked me if I liked being tied up, being spanked or even gang-banged. I’d sort of guessed that that was the sort of thing that Jason meant and I replied,

“I’ve never been tied up or spanked but I have been gang-banged, my first fuck was with my four best mates, all boys, and the other night I went to the room of two boys and they both fucked me.”

“Good for you Riley.” Amber said, “start as you mean to go on.”

“I’m going to get gang-banged all the time am I?”
 
“Not quite ALL the time Riley.” Emma replied.

“Interesting.” I replied, “it sounds like it’s a good job that I don’t get periods.”

I then had to explain the not so common side effect of my implant which they all said they were jealous of..

More question and answers went in both directions, both Petra and Lizzy going and refreshing our drinks a couple of times. We had one short break for dip in the pool and I again felt that nice feeling of the warm water rushing passed my pussy, when I mentioned it to Lizzy and Ruby who were beside me Ruby said,  

“Wait until you get fucked in the water.”


Finally the talking started to slow down and Jason reappeared.

“So Riley, have you learnt enough to make a decision?”

“When do I start boss?” I asked and was almost deafened by the five girls shrieks of pleasure.

“When would you like to start Riley?”

“Well my hotel is paid up for a few more days but that’s not a problem, I could start right now, if that’s okay with you Jason.”

“Good, I was hoping that you’d say that. My girls didn’t influence you when they seduced you did they Riley? I was watching them.”

“Not at all Jason but they were good at what they did.”

“I try to train them well.”

“So are you going to teach me how to do that to a girl Jason?”

“I doubt they you need a lesson but I’ll happily give you one.”

“He’s good at that.” Lizzy said.

“Now now Lizzy don’t try to put the poor girl off she might change her mind.” 

“But you are good at eating pussy Jason, you always make us cum two or three times doesn’t he girls?” Lizzy said.

“Hmm, that sounds promising.” I said.

“Okay, Okay,” Jason said, “we have all those Royal Navy officers coming over tonight and the food and drink will be arriving soon. Riley, how about you stay here and join in the fun, and if you need a bed you now have your own room. Then tomorrow we can go and get your things, does that sound okay with you?”

“Sure, what’s with the navy guys, is it a party or something? Or will it be an orgy?”

“We are the entertainment Riley,” Petra said, “we put on a show then it’s anything goes but if you want to sit that part out I’m sure that Jason won’t mind.” 

“What and miss all the fun,” I replied, “there’s no ‘I’ in team so I’ll do whatever you do although I’m nowhere near as experienced as you five are.”

“A lot of it will come naturally and you will soon pick up the rest as you go along.” Jason said then continued, “that sounds like the caterers at the gate can one of you go and let them in and point them in the right direction please?”

“I’ll go.” Amber said, “come with me Riley, I’ll show you how the gate works.”

I did and when the gate opened a van drove in with a middle-aged couple in it. Neither the man nor the woman seemed surprised to be let in by two naked girls.

We all helped unload the van and put it on the tables in the big lounge then Jason ‘suggested’ that we go and get ready for the party. When we went upstairs Emma showed me a big cupboard that had lots and lots of toiletries in it. She told me that I could help myself at anytime.

Getting ready for something like a party is so much easier when you aren’t going to wear any clothes and I was ready and downstairs quite quickly. Jason was down there and he asked me to make a bucket list of things that I wanted to do.

“I’m guessing that you mean things associated with being naked?”

“Not necessarily, there a good chance that there could be things that you want to do that you wouldn’t think was possible to do naked.”

“Like learning to drive and passing my test.”

“Yes, but that might be possible on Ibiza, you just have to know the right people.”

“And you do Jason?”

“Probably. Do you want to learn to drive Riley?

“Yes but I’m in no rush, I’ve more important things in my life at the moment, like this job.”

“I’m sure that you’ll be fine Riley, I wouldn’t have offered you the job if I didn’t think that you could do it.”

“I nearly said that you sound like my dad but I didn’t think that you’d appreciate it, he’s a lot older than you are.”

“Well there are a lot of similarities between a father and a boss you know, we’re both supposed to encourage the people that we are responsible for.”

“Yes but I’d never let my father eat my pussy of fuck me.”

“You’re going to let me do that to you Riley.”

“Well you fuck the other girls so I thought that you’d want to do me as well and from what Lizzy says I’d be a mug not to want you to so anytime that you want me Jason, I’m yours. Besides, I want to learn what you can teach me. I want to do my best for your clients.”

“Hmm, if I’m not careful you’re going to be running this business Riley.”

“So what do I do with these navy guys when they get here?”

“Well I’m sure that they will do all the talking, just listen and let them look at you. You don’t have to let them fuck you if you don’t want to, it’s entirely up to you and I won’t thing any the less of you.”

Some of the other girls arrived and Jason got dragged off to sort something. Six totally naked girls with not one hair below any of their necks waited for the party guests to arrive. With all six stood it was easy for me to compare tits, I was pleased that all the other ten tits were a similar size to my own and that none of then drooped at all, although I did think that mine are a little more pointy and cone shaped than the others. I guessed that might be because the other five are all a few years older than me and that mine would start drooping in a few years.

Finally Jason came back and told us that the guests were arriving. All six of us lined up facing the door as around a dozen men walked in. For some reason I’d expected them to be in navy uniforms but they weren’t, but all were in smart casual dress.

Most of them just stopped and stared at the six naked beauties facing them.

Before Jason let the navy guys lose on us he told them that we were going to provide a little entertainment. He turned to us and said,

“Okay girls you know what to do.”

Emma was stood next to me and she turned and kissed me. For a couple of seconds I didn’t realise what was going on but when I did I started to respond to Emma’s kissing and before long we were laying along one of the couches with our hands exploring each other’s bodies. When we were both really worked up Emma got off me, turned round and came back down on me in the classic 69 position. I wasn’t very knowledgeable when it came to eating pussy so I just did to her what I thought that she was doing to me. I guess that I got it right because we were soon cumming on each other.

When I got up I looked around and saw that the other girls had split into pairs and were doing the same as we had done. When we were all done we stood up and natural selection took over with some of the guys going for the booze while six of them moved in on us girls, all the guy doing their best to impress the girl that they had chosen.

My guy, Trevor, was definitely a smooth talker, he was making me laugh and when he first put a hand on my shoulder I didn’t shrug it off. I fact the tingling in my nipples and clit got stronger and I didn’t object when his hand started wandering around.

Before long that hand found it’s way round to my front and he started caressing my tits, then he kissed me. During our second kiss our tongues wrestled and his hand went down to my pussy.

I knew what he wanted and it coincided with what I wanted so I broke the kiss and took his hand. As I led him to the stairs I saw that Lizzy and Emma were missing and I wondered if I’d hear them as I took Trevor to my room.

Six months at sea showed as Trevor fucked me with a great urgency and he came quite quickly. I did what I had done with my four mated back in England and sucked him hard again then rode him until we both orgasmed again.

I lay back on my bed with my legs and arms wide open and my eyes closed enjoying the aftermath of our coitus (yes, I used to watch The Big Bang Theory) when I heard the sound of a camera and saw the flashes as Trevor took photos of me spread eagle with his cum seeping out of my hole, but I didn’t mind, I smiled, I was happy.

I told Trevor to go and drink with his mates while I went to my bathroom to get cleaned up. I did then I went back down to the party. 

Jason came over to me and asked if I was okay. Confirming that I was great he tweaked my right nipple and told me to enjoy myself.

I did, almost straight away another sailor zoomed in on me and about twenty minutes later I was leading George up to my room.

George liked to be in charge and he told me to get on my hands and knees and he fucked me doggy style. As he was doing that he kept slapping my butt, it didn’t really hurt and I wondered if it was contributing to my approaching orgasm.

When it arrived George’s hadn’t, which surprised me, but he kept going until it did arrive then he told me to turn round and clean his cock while he roughly groped my tits, pulling on my nipples until they hurt.

Then he was done and he got dressed and left.

“Okay,” I thought, “not what I expected but at least I got an orgasm out of it and his cock didn’t taste bad.”

I went to my bathroom, it sounded good saying MY bathroom, and I got cleaned up.


Back downstairs I was soon approached by another guy, Bob, he was at the younger end of the guys age range, and the first thing that he said was to ask me if I was okay. I said that I was and I was expecting Bob to take me upstairs straight away but he started making small talk. Just when I was starting to think that maybe this guy was gay he put out his hand and asked me if I’d like to go upstairs with him.

Of course I did and it was more like passionate love making than just sex I hoped to meet a guy like him one day and settle down - in about twenty years. It was long and slow and he seemed to consider my needs more than his own because he made me cum three times but he only came once and that was when I gave him a blowjob. He actually asked me if I wanted him to cum in my mouth or on my face. Not having had the latter before I chose that and was looking up at him all the time that he was painting my face.

That was a strange feeling for me. I’d never thought of myself as being submissive in any way but I felt a bit that way as he was covering my face in cum.

He actually excused himself when he was done and I went for a shower.


When I got downstairs the Royal Navy minibus was about to leave and I was with the others as we waved them bon voyage.  


All us girls, and Jason, had a final drink and a bit of an inquest, Jason asking us if we were okay and if there had been any problems. There were none and us girls told the others how many times that we’d been fucked. It turned out that I was one of three that had been with three men, the other three girls only had two men. 

Jason told us that we had nothing on the next day so we could sleep as long as we liked then we all went to bed.

Jason followed me to my room and I thought that he was going to fuck me, which I was actually looking forward to, but he didn’t. He asked me if I was really okay and then he told me that not all days were like that day, that it was rare that the girls got fucked that much and that I should only do whatever I wanted. I told him that I’d had a great day and that I wouldn’t have wanted it any other way. Jason left and I went to bed.

*****

It was later morning when I got up and after a shower I went downstairs to find Jason, Emma, Lizzy and Ruby sat outside by the pool having some breakfast. Jason warned me that there would be a pool man, a cleaner and the caterers coming that day and that I could just ignore them.

“Is the pool man cute?” I asked.

“Not to me he isn’t.” Jason replied.

As I supped some coffee Jason asked Emma and Ruby if one of them would volunteer to drive me to my hotel to collect my things. He left Lizzy out of it because she couldn’t drive. Emma asked Jason if we could take the Jeep and if she could give me a bit of a tour of the town and surrounding areas, Jason agreed and thirty minutes later an open top Jeep with two girls only wearing sandals drove out of the gate.

We turned a few heads as we drove around, Emma having turned the radio on quite loudly and yes, I did see a lot more of the town than I has seen as I had walked around. Then we drove round and round the blocks where the hotel was trying to find somewhere to park and when we eventually did we had to walk about one hundred metres to the hotel and we got a few comment from young men as we walked.

We got there just after noon and Pedro was still there along with Catalina, neither of them surprised to see two naked girls walk in, in fact Emma knew them both and I went up to my room to pack whilst they talked. When I got back down we talked some more before we left. 

As we walked back to the Jeep I asked Emma if it was okay to go to the locker shop for me to leave a few things there. Unfortunately it was the opposite direction to the hotel from where we had parked so we had the same problem parking. When I offered to go in on my own while she stayed with the Jeep she said,

“And miss the opportunity to tease that young man in there, no chance. Yes, I used that place when I first came here, that man is still there isn’t he?”

“Mid twenties, longish black hair?”

“Sounds like he is still there, good.”


Again we had to park well away from the shop and we got stared at a bit, but not as much as by the man in the shop. As I said my locker was on the bottom row and I spent ages bent at the waist with my back to him and my legs spread wide. Wanting to be fair to Emma I asked her to look at something for me and she too bent like I did. We stayed like that for a while before we decided that if we stayed bent over for any more time it would look extremely obvious what we were doing and the guy would have sticky pants.

When we walked back to the Jeep we had a laugh as Emma said that she was sure that the shop would be shutting for bit while the poor man went and took care of a little problem.


Back at the villa I took my things to my room then joined the girls for a lazy day by the pool. The pool man did come and we got out of it whilst he did his thing but we didn’t go inside, we just continued lounging and drinking and ignoring him.


Lizzy and Petra cooked a meal for us that evening and as we ate I explained that although I could cook basic English food when it came to my turn I would need some lessons. All the girls said that they would help me.


The drinks were flowing freely that night but no one had too many, Jason telling us that in the morning we had leaflet drops at all the beaches on that side of the island. I asked what we should wear and was told that my trainers would be perfect for my feet.


When we all went to bed I decided to go and offer myself to Jason. When I opened his bedroom door I saw that Lizzy was already there so I closed the door. I saw Emma in the corridor and she told me that they had a rota for whose turn to was to sleep with Jason.

“So how do I get on this rota?” I asked.

“You’re already on it Riley, it’s your turn tomorrow night we didn’t want to rush things for you.”

There’s another rota that’s a bit more complex, which of us spend the night with another of us. It’s more complex and it gives us nights off,” Emma explained, “we were going to ask you if you wanted to be on it in a few days.”

“Of course I do, I want to experience as much as I can while I can.”

“Good, I fancy cuddling up to you Riley, but get a good night sleep tonight, you feet will be killing you by tomorrow night.”

I went to my room and diddled my clit until I fell asleep.

*****
*****

Well folks, that was how I got to where I am now. After that start in my new job we did everything that Jason told me, and we did a lot more things that he didn’t tell me about,
like having shorts and top painted on us and walking around Ibiza town during the day, like nude dancing at the big clubs, like going on party boats for the purpose of getting the punters stripping. We even made some porno movies when a porn producer came to the island and wanted a villa location and some girls. One of the amazing things we did was to get ordinary people to get naked and even have sex when a different porn producer wanted to splash some cash and video the participants, a bit like those porn movies ‘Money Talks’.

I enjoyed every one of them. My desire to expose myself to people, mainly men, hasn’t waned and I’m seriously considering extending my year’s break from education.


    
