Megan and Jessie #2: Day at the Beach 
by Jappio 

Part 1 

Today started out like most days that Jessie invites me to go somewhere with her, me in front of my mirror checking what I'd wear.  I know it might be a futile effort, but I want to make sure I look my best when I'm with her.  Maybe she'll eventually grow to like me just like I did with her. 

I also try to look good on every layer of clothing I have on, knowing how she can get some times when it's just us.  If we weren't going to the beach, I'd probably be rummaging through my underwear drawer for something sexy. 

However with the beach as our destination, I wanted to make sure my suit was just right.  I had specifically bought a new one this summer just in case I went swimming with her.  The last few times though I didn't have the guts to wear it. 

Now I was again standing in front of my mirror, blushing as I looked myself over in this tiny suit.  Just holding on by a few tightly tied strings, I was worried I was showing too much skin.  I know I've been naked in front of Jessie before, but at the same time there would be other people around. 

Last few times we went to the beach, Jessie would be her usual self and wear skimpy little suits.  I do adore her courage sometimes.  She of course didn't seem to mind the stares I'd notice people giving her.  I admit I get a little jealous seeing the guys on the beach eyeing her up. 

Today though I wanted to try and be brave like her, impress her, and maybe even titillate her a little.  Ok, maybe not titillate, but a girl can dream, right?  The suit though left plenty of flesh exposed.  Of course my essentials were covered, but even if my nipples were hidden, the top left some of the skin of my breast out for viewing.  I was worried that I'd have to shave a little to even wear the bottoms.  Luckily it wasn't that skimpy, but any smaller and I'd probably have to. 

I suppose maybe I'm overreacting.  The suit wasn't the most outrageous thing out there.  I'm sure Jessie would be showing even more than me, but up until a year ago I'd still been wearing one pieces until Jessie forced me to get a couple bikinis.  Now I was going out in a little string thing probably half the weight of those! 

I can't say I'm a fan of the strings either.  They feel like they could quickly become the victim of Jessie's mischievous hands, just ready to let the light pieces of fabric fall to the ground in an instant.  Oh, and then I'd be completely naked in front of her in no time flat, my whole body ready for anything she wanted.  Oh if only she did want my body more... 

OH god, I have to clear my head.  She wasn't even here and I was already starting to fantasize again.  Besides a few of her own careless nipples slips, the last few times at the beach, she was actually well behaved and I was lucky to keep my suit on.  Today should be no different; she wouldn't risk anything too much on a public beach! 

My text tone going off nearly made me jump out of my suit.  Jessie was already here.  I quickly got on my shorts and shirts over my bikini, grabbed my beach bag, and ran out to her car and got in. 

I almost lost my breath as I looked at her.  She was indeed in a skimpier suit than me, and she didn't even bother to wear anything but that. So much of her body was already laid out for me to see, and we were still in town just in her car. 

"Like the new suit?  Was going to maybe save it for a different day, but I wanted to try it on and couldn't convince myself to take it off." Wait, did she notice I was staring?!  Also I was shocked to hear she couldn't convince herself to take it off clothing. 

"That suit makes you look great!  I mean you normally look great, wait I mean," I was panicking already.  It never is easy to give her compliments. I wanted to tell her she looked as gorgeous as a goddess at heart, but I knew I couldn't come on too strong.  Now I was just messing up my words and probably looking like a real dork already. 

"Thanks Megs, you look killer in yours," She said back.  I think my heart actually stopped.  I know she was just being nice, but still to hear her say something like that was more than enough to make me happy.  We could turn right back and just end the day like this and I'd be content. 

After that we went about our trip like any other.  Talking about this and that, being the usual close friends we were.  See as much as I want to tell her how I feel, to maybe get more between us, I also don't want to ruin moments like this.  I really do like her, but I love our friendship. I'm not about to weird out our friendship over my crush. 

Part way through the drive, I wasn't really sure where she was going.  I knew how to get to the beach, and this wasn't the right way.  "Jess, where are we going?" 

"Oh I thought we'd try out a new beach.  I read about it and it sounds just wonderful," Jessie said with a smile.  That's my Jessie, always making up new plans and acting on random spur of the moment type ideas.  I figured I could trust her decision though, picking a fun beach to go to sounded like something Jessie would be good at. 

As we got closer, the scenery was getting pretty nice.  No longer were we in any cities or town, just nature all around us.  I saw the sign coming up for the beach, and it wasn't much longer till we were in the parking lot. It didn't look like the beach would be too crowded.  It was actually pretty out of the way, I'm surprised the trip took so long. 

We carried our things out to the beach and I have to say it was quite beautiful.  The lake was sparkling, the sand looked so soft and smooth. Trees surrounded the lake making the whole place look like a private, little, natural paradise.  People had their towels laid out, and a few were off swimming.  I didn't even notice too many kids around.  Jessie was good at picking a nice beach. 

"Finally here, race you to the beach!" Jessie said as she took off running.  I chased after her but I slowed my pace as I watched her.  That small suit of hers looked like it wouldn't even stay on her!  I could see her butt bounce, and even a bit of sway of her breast at the side.  I picked up my pace so she wouldn't notice how far I lagged behind. 

When I caught up to her she was already dropping her bag on the ground and sitting in the sand.  I put my things down and sat next to her.  We both just took a moment to take in the sites. 

"Wow, this place is beautiful," I commented. 

"Yep, not many places like this around here either.  Took a bit of searching," Jessie explained as she got her towel out.  I suppose she couldn't just sit and watch for too long, already set to get to tanning. 

My eyes nearly popped out when I saw her loosen the back string to her top and let it fall off to the side of her.  "Jessie, what are you doing, you can't just go topless out here like this!" I whispered urgently to her. Although not a busy beach, we certainly weren't alone, nor hidden. 

"You're right, I can't be just topless," she giggled.  I knew she had to be just quick teasing me.  Now she'd surely get dressed and just relax. She didn't get dressed though.  Her hands just went to the sides of her bottoms and got those pulled off her in a moment.  She was sitting completely naked on the public beach! 

Looking around I could see someone was even looking at us now.  They knew Jessie was naked!  "You really are nuts.  You're going to get us kicked out, someone already noticed!" 

"Megs, don't worry about it.  It's a clothing optional beach," Jessie said.  She then began to search her bag.  Oh god, not a bit of clothing on her already.  Her breast just hung out in the open as she was bending over. Her butt was sticking out into the open air.  Again I was looking around and noticed the few glances we were getting. 

"Says right here, clothing optional.  One of the only places for miles near us.  There's even a sign over there." She said point it out.  Sure enough this was apparently a clothing optional beach. 

"No one else is naked though.  I mean aren't you worried about how you'll stick out?" I asked. 

"Let them look.  It's flattering," she said.  I still was in shock that she'd just strip naked in front of all these people.  "Just relax and enjoy yourself.  It's all open minds here, no one will mind or think you're weird if you go without your clothes." She said as she put her hands on my shoulder.  She slowly laid me down on my stomach on my towel. 

"Now just hold still and I'll apply your sun screen.  Today we're going to get fantastic tans," she bragged as I tried to do my best to relax.  I really wanted to crane my neck up so I could look at her, but I knew I shouldn't leer too obviously. 

Remember how I said she could have had me naked in a few moments easily? Well looks like she wasn't afraid to do that out in the open on a beach after all.  As I lay there, waiting to feel her hands rub some lotion into my back, she was untying my suit.  All I could do was give out a yelp and ask what was going on. 

"All over tan Megs, might as well take this opportunity to get rid of some tan lines." She was acting far too easy going about it.  I don't know how she thought I'd be ok with lying out with my whole naked back in view. Both bottoms and top were no longer tied on me, lying useless under my body. 

I was going to tie them back up to cover up, but I suddenly felt Jessie's hands rubbing the tanning lotion into my skin.  For a moment I forgot what was going on.  Her hands are so smooth and soft.  The way she moved her hands was so sensual, or at least in mind it was like that. 

I suppose if she was just sitting around naked, I could have my butt out. I mean everyone has a butt, and mines no different from anyone else's. I also wanted to impress Jessie too.  If I put my suit back on, she'd think I'm some pathetic little girl too embarrassed to show her booty off. 

Her hands were traveling lower on my body too now.  I realized where her hands were heading to.  Next in line after my back would be my butt!  Would she actually apply the lotion there?  I mean we were only friends in her mind, and that is sort of a sensitive area, right?  I could hear a part of me cheering her on though, hoping her hands would grab hold of my cheeks. 

I shivered as I felt her finger tips glide over the beginning of my crack.  She pushed the lotion into my cheeks.  I felt I could melt in her hands.  I had been waiting for a day like this for awhile now, and I never would have dreamed it'd be out on a public beach like this. 

I didn't dare look around though.  I knew that people would probably take notice of the girl rubbing down another naked girl, but I didn't want to know for sure.  I really wanted to just soak in this moment.  I did feel guilty though.  I knew Jessie didn't attend for this to be this sensual. Yet, what she didn't know wouldn't hurt, right? 

All too quickly though her hands were already now at the bottom of my cheeks.  I guess since she wasn't trying to be sexy, it doesn't take long to apply sunscreen to a butt.  I did yelp silently when I felt her hands move between my legs.  I could feel her rubbing lotion into my thighs.  I suppose she wanted to make sure I didn't get burned, but I was still embarrassed.  Her hands had come so close to an even more sensitive location.  I also worried that with her hands and eyes focused there, she could probably even see my lips too! 

Her hands left my erogenous zones shortly after that.  After finishing up my legs I was both happy and sad to know it was over.  I was tingling all over after that.  It's hard to admit, but at that point I told myself, "I'm going to be busy in bed tonight." 

Now I thought things would be over.  I figured I'd be able to continue to hide naked in plain sight and just work on my tan.  Yet Jessie asked in, "could you get to mine now?" She had set the bottle down next to my head as she went to lie on her stomach. 

My heart was beating fast now.  Did she essentially just ask me to feel her up all I like?  Well no, she didn't ask that, she of course didn't mean that.  Yet she did ask that I put lotion over her entire back area. 

I looked around as I grabbed the bottle.  To get the honor of doing this for her, I'd be taking a big risk too.  I couldn't just lie on my stomach anymore and hide my front side.  I'd have to kneel over Jessie, my body out for anyone to see. 

"It's a clothing optional beach, nothing weird about it Megan.  You can do this.  Jessie didn't mind doing it.  No one made a scene.  This is a once in a lifetime chance," I was telling myself.  I got up on my knees, an arm slung over my chest, my other holding the bottle.  I shuffled over to Jessie.  I looked around.  I saw one or two people who were looking this way, but didn't look like they were watching intently, just glancing. 

I looked down at Jessie.  She had her head resting on her arms, her eyes were closed, as if ready to take a nap.  She did look very beautiful lying in the sunlight.  "Megan, just do it.  She was nice enough to get yours, time to pay her back," I reasoned with myself again. 

I forced my arm away from my breast as I began to squeeze sunscreen into my hand.  I knew my breast were now just out in the open, yet I knew if I continued to look around, it would make my bashfulness too obvious.  I had to just ignore where I was and get this job done. 

I began on her shoulder blades and worked my way all around the usual areas.  Nothing was too weird yet.  Just being a helpful friend.  I got more and more nervous the lower I got.  I was worried of how well I could control myself.  I knew I shouldn't do anything weird, that I should just quick apply the lotion and be done.  I know it's wrong, but part of me wanted to take advantage of the situation though. 

When my fingers were just barely touching the area that would normally be covered by a suit, I became too shy and flinched my hands away.  The second attempt to move on to her butt, my hands drifted around it.  It still felt racy enough to have my hands on her hips, but it wasn't the goal. I tried just moving to the legs, but I knew that wasn't a good idea. If I didn't get her butt, she would probably question it, and if she didn't she could get a nasty burn. 

Biting my lip, I forced my hands to move onto this forbidden zone.  Part of me knew how wrong this was, but part of me tried to convince me that I had to pass it off as normal. 

Now I'm no professional ass grabber, and my hands haven't touch anyone's butt but my own, but Jessie's butt was wonderful.  So soft, so round, and I wish my hands were glued to it.  It was something else really.  I knew I probably lingered longer than I should.  I was able to get going and got to back of her legs.  I looked again at her bare butt, noticing how now it looked like it shined with the moisture that was soaking in. 

Even though this site was amazing, something else actually caught my eye. As I was getting her legs, Jessie had spread her legs, probably wanting to give me easier access for the lotion.  I couldn't help but notice that her lips were quite visible too.  I blushed knowing how intimate this view was.  I was so close, and it was like she was offering to show it off.  I even toyed with the idea in my head that she wanted me to make sure that skin got covered too. 

I knew that was a stupid idea though, and just got her thighs and legs before I acted on any silly daydreams. 


Part 2 

My time with her body was done though as I got to her feet.  I put the lotion down, and looked over her body one last time.  I maybe would have looked more, but the fact that I was naked on the beach came crashing back to me. 

I had looked around and saw that one or two people were most likely looking at us.  I quickly got back to lying on my stomach.  I couldn't last much longer with my boobs on show.  I groaned in embarrassment as I lay, because I could feel just hard my nipples were.  I really hoped no one had looked and saw them like that. 

I had some time to think about what happened too.  I have to say, it's embarrassing to even admit all that here.  I really do seem to be falling for her.  I probably crossed some lines too.  Did I take advantage of what should have been a more innocent moment?  She didn't seem hurt by it though, so maybe it isn't so bad.  I mean I could have done worse... 

Anyways though, after awhile of tanning, it was getting to be time to turn over.  Now I think it's obvious I wasn't sure how to approach this.  I could hear Jessie turning over, and I knew she probably now had all on show. I tried looking around best I could.  I didn't see anyone leering. 

She was so very brazen.  I had been able to force myself to get naked, but all I had showing was my butt this whole time.  If I rolled over too, I don't know if I could handle everyone seeing my naked body. 

My nipples were bare, not to mention still pointy from the previous events.  I would also be lying with my little tuft of hair, and who knows what, sitting out for the sun to shine on like a spot like.  I could just picture everyone just looking over and staring at me. 

Why do I let myself get into these situations?  It's bad enough when we're somewhere private, but now we were surrounded by people.  I could See Jessie just smiling and acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Either she loved attention or really didn't care, I couldn't tell. 

I could put my bikini back on.  Sure it was small piece of fabric, but it would keep me hidden again.  Yet Jessie really did seem to want me naked. Why did it have to be so hard to please her? 

Well I had to get my bottoms back on.  As much as I wanted to try and look cool and confident around Jessie, I still couldn't stand the idea of just letting anyone look over and see my most secret place.  Yet what to do about my exposed top half? 

I rolled over, keeping my legs shut tight and an arm over my breast.  I looked to my side for both my suit and anybody who might be trying to steal glances.  I found my bottoms and let my breast stay uncovered as I pulled the bottoms up my leg.  I don't think anyone would have seen anything too racy... 

I really could have put my top on, Jessie didn't seem to object to me putting my bottoms back on.  Yet I knew that she wouldn't respect me if I went and hid my whole body, right?  So although it was tough, I decided I'd remain topless, right there on that public beach. 

I didn't see anyone staring.  Maybe topless girls weren't too rare for this beach.  It didn't help calm me down fully, but I was able to stable my hands long enough to put some suntan lotion in them.  I began to rub my body up and down with the stuff.  Although I felt guilty about it, I was thinking about if Jessie had offered to get my front side too.  It's hard to even describe how much I blush when I describe this stuff to all of you! 

I almost was going to skip getting to my breast actually.  I felt it would be really dirty to rub the lotion into them in front of everyone. Yet going home with a burn there was not an option I convinced myself.  I could only look down at the ground as I moved my moist hands over my modest mounds.  I flinched a little when I felt the bolt of pleasure go through me as I passed over my stiff nipples.  I was nearly mortified to think how much I was turned on out here in public. 

After getting all my exposed skin protected from the sun, I laid down. I never really noticed fully before what it's like to lay down on your back and you can feel your boobs flatten against you.  I mean it's something I've never been so aware of.  I guess it didn't help knowing anyone could be looking at them now.  I sort of felt a little self conscious knowing they looked even less round and firm.  I looked over at Jessie could see that you could still tell her breast were very fantastic.  It made me sort of sad to think that even if Jessie was into girls, that she could easily find someone prettier and hotter than me. 

I don't think I'm ugly or something.  Just that if Jessie wanted, I bet she could get a girl with a killer rack, beautiful form, and in general someone not as plain as me.  I subconsciously moved my hands to my breast to try and perk them up a little more, push them together even to make a little cleavage.  I sighed as I let them go.  "Don't be silly Megan; you know she probably wouldn't care what a person looks like.  She isn't shallow like that." I smiled knowing that I was right.  Jessie wouldn't care what a person looked like. 

I wish I could have relaxed more too.  It seemed the only way to make it so I wasn't worrying about people looking at my breast was worrying about Jessie.  It would have been nice to just be care free and lay there and enjoy the rays of the sun on my body. 

I probably looked like I was getting sunburn on my face with my blushing I thought.  I could feel the warmth in my cheeks.  I know I say this a lot, but I don't get how Jessie does it.  She must be impervious to embarrassment or something.  I guess when you look as great as she does, you don't worry too much about what people see. 

We didn't spend the whole day toasting in the sun though.  Jessie of course wouldn't want to just sit still for that long.  I wasn't surprised in the least when she sat up and said we had enough of that. 

"What do you have in mind, a dip maybe?" I ask, thinking it'd be nice to swim and get even more of my body hidden in the water. 

"Actually I could use something a little faster paced.  Up for some volleyball?" she recommended.  She had gotten up and was stretching her body, which was putting me into my usual daze.  "Let's get a move on." She said pulling me by my wrist to my feet. 

"Wait, just play like this?  Won't we put on a bit of scene?" I asked looking back at our stuff, eyeing up my top. 

"Of course there'll be a scene.  People will be awed as I show you how I've improved my spike," Jessie said with a confident grin.  I really wasn't sure if she was purposely avoiding the nudity issue or if our nakedness just didn't register to her. 

She switched her grip on my wrist to my hand as she pulled me along. The first thing through my head was panic.  Here we were, strolling down the beach, me topless and her naked.  I didn't even know what to do about it.  Then on top of it we were going to be running and jumping our bodies around a volleyball net?  I could swear she was going to drive me to death by shame by the end of the day! 

Then the fact that our hands were locked came to my mind.  It actually felt for a moment that we were a sweet couple just enjoying a beach stroll. It felt so close and personal.  Of course to Jessie she was just acting like her usual grade school self and this was probably just innocent best friend hand holding to her. 

She marched on without cover as I've come to expect from her.  I however didn't feel comfortable with my nipples sticking out for the other beach goers to see.  I didn't want to make it look obvious, but I just felt I had to have something over them.  I tried to keep a hand over one by using the excuse of playing with the end of one of my hairs.  I knew the other was out, but I didn't know how to cover it without looking like some kind of flake.  I know it's silly, but covering one is at least better than none, right? 

I also noticed there were a lot of stares.  Unlike when we were tanning, we passed more and more people.  It seemed most that would look our way were looking us up and down.  I knew they probably had their sites on Jessie, but I could tell they were checking me out too.  My skin crawled as I could swear I felt every eye survey my body. 

Even though I did put my bottoms on, they worried me too.  As a full suit I was worried enough to be in that too.  I'd never warn a bottom that skimpy, and with my mind thinking about exposed skin, that tight little thing hugging my bottom, and seemingly little more, worried me. 

I almost felt we were lucky as I saw that two other girls were using the net at the beach.  Looked like we wouldn't be able to play, after all. Maybe that peaceful swim would become a reality.  Jessie wasn't shy though, and quickly got their attention. 

"Hey, mind if we join you?  We could play some two vs two?" She asked them. 

They paused as they looked at us.  Even though it was clothing optional, it was obvious most people here weren't totally accustomed to seeing naked girls wandering around.  They did eventually speak up, "Sure, that sounds like a great idea." 

The girl on our side ran over to her friend as Jessie and I were left on one side.  Oh my god, not only was I going to be stuck playing in front of the people nearby, but we also had people not far away right on the other side of the net. 

The two girls tossed the ball over and told Jessie she could serve.  "I guess then this will be a match of tops versus skins," Jessie joked as the two girls giggled with her.  I only blushed knowing how obvious our exposure was.  I really wish I could go hide on the side lines than stand out in the open. 

Jessie sent the ball over and the game began.  At first I just watch it go back and forth.  I felt stiff.  It was like if I moved, I'd be somehow more noticeable.  Of course when the ball came my way it just plopped in the sand.  Jessie told me to get my head in the game.  Playing a silly game of volleyball was the last thing on my mind though. 

When I wasn't thinking about how embarrassing it was to be standing topless, I was busy looking at Jessie's naked body bouncing around.  She really didn't have any modesty, because she didn't hinder herself at all as she played.  You should have seen the way her various naughty bits bounced for all of us to see. 

Those two distractions were causing us to lose the game sort of fast. Once when I was staring to the side the ball even hit me on the head.  If the nudity wasn't enough to make me want to crawl into a hole, the fact I was acting like such a goof was plenty more reason. 

"Come on, you play better than this Megs, let's try and catch up," Jessie said, as she passed the other two girls the ball.  I do usually play better, and it was unfair to Jessie that I'd be letting her down like this. 

I told myself I needed to pay attention to the ball.  As much as I wanted to hide my body and I wanted to watch Jessie's, Jessie wanted to play this game right.  I wanted to make her happy, so what she wanted was more important to me I told myself. 

Of course my blush didn't' go away, but I didn't stand still either.  I could feel my breast wobble and bobble as I ran.  I knew my butt probably gave a jiggle to onlookers.  It would have normally been far too much for me to play this game in just a small bikini bottom, but Jessie was there with me, so I was able to push on. 

We were making progress too.  I was still not playing my best, but I guess Jessie and I make a good team.  We were evening the total score by the time we decided to take a break. 


Part 3 

Even though I was tired, and the bouncing around was embarrassing, stopping to chat and stuff was even worse.  Now I didn't have the game to take my mind off of my nudity.  We met at the net as we complimented each other.  I was doing my best to keep confident.  Jessie wouldn't be proud of a girl who just clammed up and hid the whole time, right? 

"It's pretty cool you two are willing to be so, well you know, undressed," one of the girls brought up.  I could swear I felt the heat in my cheeks increase after hearing one of them bring attention to our exposed skin. 

"Oh, it's nothing.  It's just more comfortable and fun this way," Jessie said as if she was talking about something as simple as the weather.  I wanted to say something like "speak for yourself!" 

"Why aren't you naked too?  Your teams uniform would match better!" one of the girls joked. 

Before I could even say no to the silly idea, Jessie rang in, "You're right.  Megs, let's get those things off you so we can match.  Then it can be Suits versus total skins." 

"I'm not so sure, I mean fully naked out here on the beach..." it tried saying. 

"Nonsense, you'll be fine.  Get a little extra tan on that body of yours," she said as she tugged at the side of my suit.  She actually notices my body?  She knows it needs a tan?  Does that mean she actually looks there? 

What am I thinking?  She's about to strip me naked right on the beach! 

As panicked and scared as I was though, I didn't really move.  I just let her take my bottoms away.  Even though I knew it was coming too I was still shocked. 

Jessie and I were now both equally naked, side by side on the beach. People all around and we were wearing the least by what seemed like a lot. I know mostly everyone was only a few threads away from being naked too, but to me the skimpiest suit around would probably feel like enough for Sunday morning at church at this point. 

"Round two then?" Jessie asked, unfazed by my sudden nakedness.  The other two girls slowly looked away from me and agreed as they took their spots.  It took me a moment, but I moved too.  I don't even know if I was thinking on my own anymore.  It's like Jessie said it was time for round two, and I followed the order. 

I pulled my hands out from between my legs.  I don't even remember putting them there to cover up.  I really was on auto pilot. 

Again I started playing pretty bad.  Now I didn't even remember my breast being on show.  All I could think about was my bare ass and lower hairs being out in the sun now.  I was more concerned with looking around to see who was staring.  It really didn't look like anyone was; at least not long enough to look like they were watching.  I guess Jessie already gave them enough of a show. 

Then of course my mind wandered to thinking about Jessie again.  I really did like watching her play.  It wasn't even because of her body. She's a pretty good athlete, better than me at least.  Just seeing her hit the ball over the net and run around so well.  She was so into the game, but at the same time smiled and enjoyed it. 

Another score for our opponents thanks to my air-headedness though was insuring another round would go to them.  I had to pay attention I told myself.  That was hard when you're naked on the beach. 

It's also hard to keep your mind off of Jessie's body when suddenly it's running into yours!  As I tried to pay attention to the ball and volley it back, Jessie too had gone for it.  I was trying so hard to ignore her that we ran right into each other.  In a flash the two of us were on the ground. 

"You two ok?" one of the two girls asked as they came over to us.  I didn't even realize what happened right away.  I felt I was on top of something warm.  I could feel my breast against something equally soft and squishy.  I could feel something move against my legs.  That's when I looked down and realized I was right on top of Jessie! 

Our breasts were against each other, our legs shifting and tangled with each other.  Our faces were only mere inches away from each other.  I just sort of froze like that for awhile. 

After a moment Jessie moaned a little and looked up at me.  "You ok, need help getting up?" That got me to scurry off her.  My blush was to the max again too.  I don't think I've had our bodies up close like that.  At least not when so naked. 

"Ok guys, I think the two of us just aren't in the right mind set to play.  I can't imagine how bad we would play if we tried again after a fall like that," Jessie said getting up and brushing herself off.  I was able to continue, but I was still very naked and would prefer to get dressed again, so I stayed quiet. 

"That's fine.  It was a good game.  Nice meeting you two," The two girls got their volley ball and headed off in the opposite direction to their stuff.  I got my bottoms on while Jessie was distracted, knowing that would probably be my only chance. 

I felt sort of bad as we walked off to our stuff.  I messed up the game, and then I made myself look so stupid for running into her.  God she probably thought I was pathetic. 

Back at our stuff Jessie decided to start packing.  The day was getting late, and the sun was disappearing. 

"Oh and about that game Megs," Jessie began to say as we were putting the last bits of things into our bags.  I knew it.  Here it comes.  She's probably about to mock me for how bad I play or question what was up. "Sorry for the way I was.  It was unfair." 

"What, what do you mean?" I asked, confused as to why she was apologizing. 

"I shouldn't have been pushing you so hard.  I know you were just trying to have fun.  I too was off my game, and had I been doing better, you wouldn't have had to push so hard," she was apologizing for that? 

"Oh no, I should apologize.  I should have played better," I said, trying to defend her.  I couldn't let her blame herself for all that. 

"It took you awhile to get into the swing of things, but once you got going you were on fire girl.  I started off strong, but I really didn't keep it up for the rest of the time.  I'm jealous if anything." 

I didn't even know what to say anymore.  She actually thought I was good? 

"Next time, we'll win for sure," she said as she gave me a little hug. 

"Thanks, and yeah!" I said, happy to feel her body against mine again. I had gotten my full bikini back on, but she was still completely naked. 

On the way out I had to remind her to get dressed before we got on the road again.  I figured it was a fifty-fifty chance if she did or didn't, but she was back in her bikini and we were heading home. 

Wow, looking back on the day, I feel mortified.  Just thinking about how many people saw me.  I'm just glad it was so far out of town no one would recognize me.  Yet still, knowing that people saw me just naked, laying and playing around in the sunlight at the beach. 

The day wasn't all bad.  The time I spent with Jessie was good too.  In fact, it made up for the bad points I think.  I think I'd expose myself to the world for her at this point... 

What am I saying!  I couldn't do that!  I must be going nuts. 

The End