HER CHOICE

The room is warm but dark, sterile. A light from the ceiling illuminates the only visible piece of furniture, a steel table, and the only accessory, the woman bound to it. Naked, she lies there blindfolded and bound, breasts encased in transparent plastic cups attached to hoses that fall, twitching, off the sides of the table and coil away towards a dark corner of the room, the machine powering them purring and humming away. Her breasts are bright pink now, the flesh slowly and methodically sucked up into the cups and then released again. Her nipples are purple-red, hard and almost perversely distended. This has been going on for some time.

Her arms are tied flush at her sides, legs bent and spread, as if she were in stirrups, the wine-red ropes expertly woven around her body to hide as little as possible, tied off above each knee, the ends disappearing, taut, into the shadows. The cloth gag over her mouth forces her to breathe deeply through her nose. The inbreaths serve a special purpose - taped to her vulva is a shiny silver vibrating toy, the mushroom head buzzing gently against her clit, and with each lungful of air, biting just that little bit firmer on her swollen sex.
Her cunt is wet and glistening, mostly lube, some of her own. It took some time to get her pussy stretched and lubricated enough to get the rubber phallus fitted into her, so much squirming, and such a big toy. So much bigger than anything she's had in her before, curved and swollen, like an animal's cock, guaranteed to stay stuck. It now dangles out of her like a black tentacle, hollow but firm, the rubber shaft jerking between her thighs.

He stands by her ear, whispering, almost tenderly, explaining her predicament... 'You're such a beautiful girl. Such a pretty thing. You should cum, you know. You deserve to cum. You really do. You need to. You need that release so badly and you know you can. Thaaats it. Take a breath for me? A deeep breath. Good girl. Another one... theeere we go.' For half an hour she's resisted, but now she's following his... suggestions. Her eyes are glassy and unfocused, the shock of the kidnapping worn off, unable to move, trapped in the room, trapped in her mind, the stimulation now building to a crescendo. He breathes with her, an old hand at this. He can see she's slowly falling down the rabbit hole of his making.

He slides the tips of his fingers down her puffy lips, warm juices oozing from her stretched cunt, drip-tickling over her perineum and ass. He can see her muscles clench, a moan through the gag. "Do you like that, little one? You like me touching you there? Not used to that, are you? It's very tight. Very. Tight. I'm just going to tickle you... Funny feeling, yes? You like it though. I can see you squeezing your toys. You know... you're getting wetter? What a dirty little girl.  You're getting wetter and leaking girl-cum everywhere. You're making a big wet mess of yourself..." Her breathing shifts. The dirty words are triggering something. "I haven't put lube on your pussy for 20 minutes now, and my fingers smell like your sweet cunt. I fact, I can smell your cunt in this whole room. That's all you, you dirty little thing...' Her eyes look at the glistening fingers he holds up, and then squeeze shut, high pitched little whines escaping from the cloth. She's almost ready.

He walks over to the machine in the corner, pushes a lever. The cups on her breasts suck and draw her tit-flesh into them, no release this time. Her eyes open again and her thighs start shaking. He walks back to her, pushes her hair away from her ear, and cool as anything, reaches between her thighs and plants a finger firmly onto her sphincter. Not enough to penetrate, just enough to get her attention. "Little one", he whispers, "you're almost ready to cum. You're going to cum. You're going to cum very, very hard." She sobs her surrender. They can both feel the inevitability of her body's betrayel. "Little one, that big, thick cock inside you, the one filling you, making you so full... it's a very special cock, and I made it just for you. This big thick cock is warm inside, you can feel it through the rubber, can't you? Warm, like a real cock. Cause it's filled with real cum, lots of sticky, fresh real cum..." Her eyes shoot open, she forgets her breathing, "MmmmffffmMMM!"

"Shhhh, little one. Shhh shhh shh shh. It's all safe inside. It can't get out. The cum is trapped in the dildo. It can't get out... unless you cum. YOU have to cum, and then IT will cum." Tears well from her eyes. He brushes them away with a finger. "And when you cum, little one, because you have to, when I push my finger juuust a little into your tight little ass, and you breathe deeply and that little silver toy pushes right on your baby clit, I'll squeeze this special cock nice and hard, and you're going to have a very strong orgasm, sooo strong, and your muscles will squeeze and squeeeeze, and all the rich hot cum will pour into you, such a nice warm feeling, and you'll give your pussy just what it needs, what it really, really wants. Give your pussy what it wants. Give your pussy all the cum. Make your pussy happy..." 

Her moan is long and pregnant. He hears and a slippery finger glides one slippery knuckle into her hole. Her muscles, aching and tired as they must be, contract harder than they ever have before. He takes his other hand away from her face and wraps it around the shaft in anticipation. "Cum, baby, cum for me. Be a good girl and cum...' Her whole body goes taut, her abdomen clenches. His mouth drops open like he's cumming with her, as tears stream from her tightly shut eyes, as her body flushes from light pink to deep red, a long short silence followed by a scream. His grip on the shaft tightens, and he feels the warmth flow out and into her. Little white drops appear at the meeting between rubber and flesh. He watches and licks his lips.

As her shaking subsides, his fist unclenches painfully, so tightly was it wrapped around the phallus. He turns off the machine, her breasts released, she grimaces and makes a noise. He pulls the tape off her silver toy and removes it. Her clit is as puffed up and engorged as her nipples. As little after'gasms wash over her, he fetches a glass of water, undoes the knot of the gag, cradles her head and helps her sip. After her fill, he picks up a pillow from under the table, tenderly lifts her head and slides it underneath. He looks at the rubber tentacle quivering away, makes a move to slide it out, thinks better of it. It stay's leaking, and trapping, the cum in her He presses a warm hand on her abdomen, smiles and whispers "good girl".



By DanDeLion
ashmyre@gmail.com