Nancy continues the game with Del.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 10 (MF, cons, parody, F-solo, M-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Del woke to the feeling of something soft rubbing his hard cock. He opened his eyes to find Trista's back to him, with her hand directing his erection between her round buttcheeks. Smiling, he angled himself down, and she moaned as she was able to then stuff the head of his cock inside her very wet pussy.

"Aw, I was hoping to get you all the way inside before you woke." She looked back at him over her shoulder with a smile. "Ooh!"

Del had thrust halfway inside the hot older blonde. He pulled back a bit and tried again. On the fourth try, his 8 incher was all the way inside her.

"Oh, Jesus..." she moaned, feeling her cervix stretch as the tip of his cock pressed insistently at it.

As he started to thrust inside the older woman, he reached around to palm one of her large teardrop tits. His fingers found a prominent nipple and lightly pinched it.

"A-hh!" she moaned. "Do you like my tits, Del? They were so amazing before I got pregnant. After I stopped being a fucking milk factory, they got all droopy."

"I love 'em," Del told her as he hefted that prodigious breast. "Maybe after I put a baby in you they'll fill up again." After the confusion last night about Trista's fertility status, no thanks to her husband, he was pretty sure that he couldn't knock her up, but it was a hot fantasy.

"MM!" she moaned, and pulled his face around to hers for a kiss. "Yes! Do your best to pump your swimmers deep, fuckboy!"

"Yes ma'am!" He thrust up into her faster, spying from the alarm clock that he didn't have a lot of time. "Get up on your hands and knees."

She complied, and gasped as she thrust back into her hard. "Oh, you're taking me, Del, like a bitch in heat! Huhh!"

Del felt Trista's insides grip him as she orgasmed, but he wasn't quite there yet. Hmm, he thought, if I'm taking you... He wound up and gave her a swat on one asscheek.

"Ow! Fuck! Guhh..." she moaned as the pain/pleasure confusion extended her cum.

Del swatted her ass again, and her pussy's constant suckling on his dick finally pushed him over the edge. He reached forward, grabbed her swinging tits, and sunk his teeth lightly into her neck, growling.

"Uhrr! Yesss..." she cried out as she felt his member swell inside her, relishing the feel of his young cock plundering her treasures. Then the dam burst, and her cervix was awash with potent teenage cum. She continued to orgasm, shaking as her wanton body accepted his manly tribute.

Outside the bedroom door, peeping in through the keyhole, Trista's daughter Helena did her best to hold back her own cries as she came on her fingers.

---

Del rushed home, ran downstairs to wash up and grab his textbooks, and then ran back upstairs.

"Del?"

He stopped, halfway to the front door. Nancy was sitting at the kitchen bar with a cup of coffee before her. He thought that she looked tired.

"Nancy? You okay?"

"You didn't come home last night." She looked at him with dark-rimmed eyes.

"Oh! Did you wait up? I...it got late and I was tired, so they let me sleep over."

"I see..."

He put his backpack down and went over to her. "Nancy, I'm really sorry that I didn't let you know ahead of time. I will next time, okay?" He was beside her now, but she was still turned away from him. He put his arms around her and she stiffened for a moment, but then relaxed into him.

She calmed her breathing, smelling Del's scent as he held her. "Okay, thank you, Del. I worry."

He stood back up. "I appreciate that. Okay, gotta catch my bus!" He gave her a quick peck on the cheek, grabbed his backpack, and ran out.

She touched her cheek and felt it flush.

---

The next week went much like the last, with Del filling Trista up with cum whenever she called him over. He didn't sleep over at her house again, so Nancy was happy to have him home in the evenings, and they continued to play Dragon Era, though still at opposite ends of the couch.

Monday...

"Okay, Del, I'm just gonna come out with it...do you want to go see a movie with me this weekend?"

Del glanced up at Melanie as they sat together in the college lunchroom. The platinum blonde was wearing a knee-length skirt and a blouse that showed off her C-cup breasts. "Oh! Uhh...sure?"

She quirked her mouth. "Wow, you sure know how to make a girl feel wanted."

He shrugged. "I'm sorry...this was kinda unexpected. Do you have a movie in mind?"

"That new Marvel one? I like superheroes."

"Oh, really? Yeah, me too," Del told her, surprised. "Okay, here's my number...err, do you drive? I don't have a car."

---

After dinner, Nancy suggested that she and Del play more Dragon Era. He was enjoying spending time with her, even with their new, safe relationship. She started at the far end of the couch, but then moved closer as they played.

"I'm a bit tired," she told him. "Is it okay if I lay down? Just stop playing if I start snoring."

"Heh, sure."

Then she moved closer and lay her head in his lap. The keyboard was across his knees, so it didn't block her view of the TV. "This okay?" she asked.

"Yep," he responded, confused about her sudden change of demeanor. As they played, he felt the heat from her head radiate through his lap and, consequently, his crotch. Slowly, his penis filled with blood.

"Oh, so now that we've helped Alain with his personal quest, we can sleep with him?" she asked.

"Yeah, let's just head back to camp..."

Nancy lifted her head to watch the on-screen seduction, keeping one hand on Del's upper thigh, dangerously close to his erection. As the computer-generated characters got it on, somewhat comically due to the height difference between the human prince and their Dwarf princess character, he felt her hand squeeze his thigh. "Well, at least someone's gettin' laid..." she mumbled.

"What was that?"

Nancy started, surprised that she had said that out loud. "Um, nothing." She sat up, noticed Del's erection tenting out his jeans, and became very aware of her situation. "We, uh, should get to bed. School day tomorrow."

As she got up, Del's eyes immediately went to her rounded ass, accentuated by the material of her dark tights. His cock gave a twitch of encouragement. With all the sex he'd been having with Trista, his hormones were often bubbling near the surface. Auburn-haired Nancy was more voluptuous than her neighbor across the street, and Del had seen her naked when she gave him a blowjob and let him cum in her panties almost a couple weeks previous. She had said that they couldn't do anything like that anymore, though. He really needed to whack off. "G'nite."

"Sweet dreams," she called back as she headed upstairs.

He shut down his laptop, turned off the lights, and headed downstairs. Once he had his privacy, he dropped his jeans and started to stroke his cock. Pretty soon he was approaching orgasm, and he grabbed the tissue box.

THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP! "OWW!"

Del turned. Nancy was sprawled at the bottom of the basement stairs, holding one ankle and grimacing.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)