Hot Summer Nights
byfirstofmay©

I was sitting on the front porch swing at sunset, rocking gently, waiting for Robert. The weight of sweltering Florida heat pressed me into the seat cushion, making even lifting my glass of sweet tea feel like an effort. I was barefoot, wearing cut-offs and a sleeveless white cotton blouse. My blond hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and the limp tendrils that escaped my hair tie stuck to my neck. In an endeavor to stay cool, I was braless under the blouse. Okay, yes, I was sans bra partly to stay cool, but partly because I was looking forward to Robert's searing gaze when he took in the sight of my full breasts clearly visible through the thin fabric. I loved the way he looked at me.

Robert and I had known each other since we were kids. In my childhood, he was just another boy in the neighborhood who ran around with my brothers. Starting in junior high, there was a bunch of us kids who hung out - riding our bikes around town, swimming or fishing in the lake, making tree forts. Robert was always part of everything, bringing his creative energy into every activity. We stayed friends through high school, mostly sticking with the same group we always had. I was a shy girl, quiet and studious, so having a group like that made things easier for me. Everyone else was boisterous and funny, so I didn't have to be.

I was home for the summer from Florida State. When I'd first seen Robert after nine months of being away, I was surprised to find a man, not a boy. How had that happened? The way he looked at me told me he'd noticed I'd changed, too. I wasn't any taller - still 5'4" - but all the curves were there in the right proportion, and I had learned how to dress to maximize the effect. I was still shy, but I was tired of feeling invisible. I wanted to be seen. My new look had Robert's attention. For the past week, he had been buzzing around our house like a fly drawn to maple syrup. I had a feeling that things were about to heat up.

So here I was. And here he came, sauntering up the front walk lined by gardenias, their pearly white blossoms lighting his way in the dusk. His dark eyes checked me out from head to toe, arrested momentarily by my nearly exposed breasts behind their thin veil. I could tell that surprised him because I had never been the kind of girl who would dress like this. He gave me his adorable crooked smile and eased down on the swing next to me.

"Hey, Maggie," he said.

"Hey yourself," I answered.

We rocked in comfortable silence for a little while, if you could call it silence with the cicadas zing-zing-zinging from trees and bushes in a deafening chorus.

"How's your job going?" he asked.

My summer job was cashier at Speedy Market, a neighborhood mom-and-pop store. I'd worked there in high school, so it was easy to get on for the summer.

"Just fine," I answered.

More silence. More rocking. More touching as his thigh was right against mine and his arm was so close to my tits. So close.

"How about you?" I asked.

"Turns out I like this job a lot," he said. "Started last year after graduation as something to do while I figured out what I really wanted to do. But I think I'll stay on." Robert was a courier for an outdoor equipment company. "I enjoy the driving, the people, tinkering around with the truck and trailer. It's interesting. Don't think a sit-down job would have suited me."

The job did indeed suit him. He seemed relaxed and content. His strong forearms and hard body looked real good from all that heavy loading and unloading. Sexy as hell. He put his arm around me. Now I could feel his muscular body though my blouse, and my nipples got harder. I had a feeling he was getting harder, too.

"You want something to drink?" I asked. "I've got some tea."

"Nah, that's okay. Come on. Let's take a walk," he said.

"Okay," I said. I knew that what he meant was, "Let's get off your parents' porch and find a dark spot so I can run my hands all over you."

He took my hand and pulled me up. We walked down toward the little lake where we used to go fishing. It felt natural to be with him - comfortable in the way you can only be with an old friend. He leaned me up against the gate by the path that led to the dock and said softly, "You look real pretty tonight, Maggie." His voice was husky, his face inches away in the shadows.

"Thanks," I whispered. He leaned closer, and the sexual tension between us was agonizingly delicious. The sharp scent of Florida pines surrounded us. The cicadas' song swelled and died back. I was filled with yearning to know this grown-up Robert in the most intimate way. My lips parted involuntarily. He waited a moment longer, stretching out the suspense. Then his mouth was on mine, and I felt myself melting. He put his arm around me to hold me up while he continued to kiss me with tenderness, longing, desire. I put my arms around him and answered his kiss.

He broke away and began kissing my neck, giving me little nips and licks as he moved his way down. His hands skimmed down my sides and back up again. I knew where his mouth was headed and all I could think was, "yes, yes." When he reached my tits, he held them in his warm hands, flicking my nipples with his thumbs. Then he sucked one nipple into his mouth through the thin blouse. I gasped. It felt so painfully sweet. He licked and sucked, and blew on the wet fabric, making me shiver and my back arch into him, wanting more. Then he gave the other tit the same tender attention. I moaned with the pleasure.

"Maggie," he rasped. "You are unbelievable. I've got to see you. Let me see you."

I shook my head. "No," I whispered.

He groaned and leaned his forehead against mine. "God, you're killing me! Come on, Maggie. Just a little peek." He kissed my neck, my ear, my eyes, the corner of my lips. "Please."

I pulled him closer so I could feel his hard cock though his jeans and rub my pelvis against him. Oh, this man. I wanted him. But we had all summer. And there were other things I wanted first. Dirty things. He would find out.

A few days later I got a text from Robert. "How about we go down to the beach after we get off work?"

"Sure," I typed back. The ocean was only about a half hour away, and I hadn't been there since I got back from college.

"I'll pick you up at 6:00," he replied.

I got home just in time to grab my ice blue bikini and some towels before he drove up in his truck. I hopped in. He said, "I just have to stop by my place to pick up a couple of things."

I was surprised when I saw where he lived. Cute little white house with a front porch just big enough for two chairs, a pretty woods in back. Inside it was neat as a pin. "This is adorable!" I exclaimed. "I didn't know you had your own house."

"It's just rented," he said. "But the job pays pretty well. I'll get my own when I figure out for sure what I'm doing."

I noticed a guitar standing in one corner. "Hey, you never told me you played," I said with surprise.

Robert grinned. "Oh yeah, baby. Just listen." He picked it up and gave it a few strums. Then he started singing.

"Oh Maggie, won't you take your clothes off,

Oh Maggie, won't you show me what you got."

I laughed. "You're terrible!"

"I know," he admitted, still grinning. "Need practice."

Robert grabbed a couple of beach chairs along with an umbrella and a cooler, and we got back in the truck. It was so hot I was sticking to the seat, but we drove with the windows down, my hair flying, country music on the radio.

The beach was beautiful with its gentle green waves and powder white sand. We found a spot and set up our stuff. It was already getting towards evening when we got there, so it wasn't too crowded. I hadn't changed into my bikini before we left. I made Robert hold up a beach towel to screen me from beach walkers and told him not to look while I changed. Of course I wanted him to look. That was the whole point of not putting my suit on before we left. I could have crouched down discretely behind the towel to change, but I didn't. I stood straight up and took everything off at once, standing in the sun completely exposed.

He looked and went on looking as I cupped my breasts and stroked them. "Oh, Maggie," he growled. "You naughty girl. You are full of surprises, you little tease. And drop dead gorgeous - every inch of you. I'm going to die if you won't let me get my hands on that ass."

"Don't you dare drop that towel," I warned him.

I turned around to give him a good view of my butt as I took my time pulling my bottoms on, then turned boldly to face him as I put on my top, leaning forward to give my girls a good shake to settle them into position. I loved his eyes on me. So full of heat, desire, and lust. Yeah, that's what I wanted. What I craved.

The water felt great - almost lukewarm because of the hot day. Perfect. I allowed Robert to run his hands over me as we let the waves rock us. At one point he pushed his shorts down to expose his cock which was waving at me and ready for business beneath the water. "Mmm," I said, appreciatively. I didn't touch, though I knew he wanted me to.

We lay in our beach chairs, soaking in the last of the sun. As we lay there, I crept my hand toward my pussy and stroked gently. Robert watched but didn't move. With my eyes closed I continued to stroke with one hand while sneaking a finger under the elastic at the crotch. Robert held his breath as I slowly pulled the crotch aside to reveal my pussy. Even though my eyes were closed, I knew he was watching. With two fingers I played with myself, stroking, swirling my clit around. I widened my legs. He groaned when I inserted one finger into my vagina and pulled it out, wet and slick with my arousal.

"Let me," he begged.

"No," I said softly, provoking him.

I didn't have to tell him to watch. I knew his eyes were glued to me. With the sound of the surf in the background and the setting sun coloring the beach, I continued to finger myself, my breathing getting faster, my chest rising and falling. I craved his full attention. His hot gaze on me was an incredible turn-on. I moved one hand to my tits and squeezed a nipple as I retuned the other to my clit, applying more pressure. Then I opened my eyes and looked directly into his as, with a cry, I brought myself to an orgasm right in front of him.

"Wow," he breathed. "That was the most erotic thing I've ever seen." He stood and picked me up, then cradled me on his lap, covering me with kisses as I recovered. "My god, Maggie. I had no idea what was underneath that sweet exterior. I am loving discovering this new woman more than I can say."

Later that week, Robert texted again. "Want to go fishing?"

I read that as, "Want to get naked with me?"

We went through the McDonalds drive-thru and then made a picnic out of it on the dock, sitting on the edge with our legs dangling over the water. It was almost too hot to eat anything. Funny how Robert had forgotten the fishing poles.

"It sure is hot," he said. "Want to go skinny dipping?"

"I do," I laughed. "But maybe at night - in the dark. Don't be thinking we're doing that now. Someone would be bound to see us."

Robert grinned. "Dare you," he taunted.

"No!" I protested.

Then the tone of his voice changed as he turned to face me. He spoke quietly but directly. "I'm tired of hearing 'no,' Maggie. Take off your clothes." He wasn't asking.

His commanding tone gave me shivers despite the heat. This was the other side of Robert. This was the side of him I had been hoping to bring out. I stood up, pulled my t-shirt over my head, and dropped it onto the dock. I unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts, pushing them over my hips, then letting them slide down my legs. I kicked them off, along with my sandals. The bulge in his pants was obvious and tantalizing. The thought that we might get caught made the situation even more exciting. I turned away from him to unhook my bra and let it fall. Then I turned to face him. I could hear him breathing harder. He rubbed his hard cock through his jeans. Last, my panties. I stood in front of him in the nude, then turned slowly all the way around, giving him a good look.

"Your turn, Robert," I said in the same tone of voice he'd used. I sat down and reclined on one elbow to watch.

Robert removed his clothes and I smirked as I saw he was commando under his jeans. His cock sprang up as his jeans hit the deck, ruddy and veined, uncut.

"Stroke it for me, Robert," I commanded.

He widened his stance and took hold of his dick with one hand, pumping slowly but steadily, his eyes on me. I got on my hands and knees and crawled closer.

"Stop," I said. I licked his cock, then took him into my mouth and sucked, getting it nice and lubricated.

"Continue," I ordered as I sat back on my knees, spreading them so my pussy was exposed to him.

Robert began to stroke his hard, throbbing cock in earnest now. As he pumped himself faster, his other hand fondled and squeezed his balls. His cock was aimed directly at me, and my excitement built as I watched him jerk himself off. I pinched my nipples, making them stand out hard. He groaned as he watched. Then I reached down with one hand and began to finger fuck myself while my juices oozed from between my swollen cunt lips.

"Cum for me," I commanded.

He grunted as ropes of cum came shooting out of the head of his cock, landing all over my tits. I came too, with a long "ohhhh" like a siren wail. I swear it was harder than I'd ever come before. Robert sat down heavily on the dock, spent. We were both sweaty from the heat and the exertion. I was a mess, my sweat mixed with his cum. I didn't mind. I felt seen. I felt understood. We understood each other.

"Stand up," he said, laughing. He got up and took me in his arms, rubbing his sweaty body against mine, hot and slick, kissing me deeply. "You are just what I need," he said tenderly. "You are gorgeous, bold, full of surprises, hot in every way, but still your own sweet self. I'm so very glad you came home."

His playful side was back as he said, "Hold your breath!" He pushed me in, and I gasped with the surprise and the impact of the water. He dove in after me, the cool water washing us off. We laughed and splashed each other, relaxed now that the sexual tension was over. It was fun. Like old times, but different because of the new intimacy we had been sharing.

The next week, Robert texted me, "Want to get a bite after work?"

"I'd like to," I responded, "but I can't. Jean asked me to close the store tonight. I won't get off until midnight."

"I'll pick you up at midnight, then," he texted back. "I'll be your last customer."

Just before closing, Robert showed up. I said "hi" to him, but I couldn't talk to him because I was busy with the closing routine. I had to close out the tills and set them up for the next day, count the cash and make sure everything balanced out, give the floors a quick once-over with the mop.

I got a text from Robert, who was still lurking somewhere in the store. "When you're finished, lock the door and go into the office. Text me when you get there."

I finished mopping, locked the door, turned over the "closed" sign, and went into the office as instructed. I texted Robert, "OK." I could hardly wait to find out what he had planned.

He texted back. "Take off your clothes and get down on your knees. I'll be coming in in two minutes."

When he opened the office door and stepped in, I was ready, breathing hard with anticipation. Without a word, he unzipped his jeans and pulled out his cock. He was already hard.

"Suck my dick," he commanded, leaning back against the door.

"With pleasure, Sir," I said.

I took his cock in my hand and pumped it a few times. I loved how his cock felt - thick, heavy, hot, pulsing with energy. I licked from his base to his head as if he were an ice cream cone. Over and over. "Mmmm," I hummed. Looking up at him, I took him in my mouth, sucking, licking, teasing the head with my tongue. I loved the feel and taste of his cock in my mouth. Then I began bobbing up and down on him. His eyes closed and his head fell back as he groaned, losing himself in the feeling of my lips on him. He opened his eyes and watched his cock disappear into my mouth and reappear as I bobbed. I kept my eyes on him the whole time. It was such a turn-on to know I was giving him pleasure. He reached down to squeeze my tits. Then he held my head as he started fucking my mouth in earnest.

"I'm gonna cum," he groaned, warning me.

I sucked harder and squeezed and pulled his balls. I felt them tighten and his cock swell. Then he cried out, "Here it comes. Oh yeah, baby, here it comes!" and his hot jism spurted in my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed and swallowed, taking it all, loving the taste of his cum. I tenderly licked every last drop off his dick before I let him go. I giggled with satisfaction.

"My god, baby," he moaned. "You are amazing. Thank you."

He pulled me up and kissed me, thoroughly and lingeringly.

"I don't know how I'm ever going to let you go back to school."

On my next day off, I got another text from Robert. "I'm working, but I get a half hour for lunch. These are your instructions. Go to my house. Take off your clothes. Lean over the arm of my sofa. I'll be there at noon."

Oh yes, I loved this game. I did what he said, feeling very exposed leaning over the arm of his sofa with my butt in the air. At noon, Robert came in quietly. I turned my head to watch him look me over with lust in his eyes.

"Nice," he said, admiring the view. "I've waited long enough to fuck you, baby. The time has come. Spread your legs for me."

My pussy was already hot and wet with arousal. Robert gave my ass a spank, then slid one finger in to check my wet condition, humming his approval. I was ready for him. Without further ado, he dropped his pants and positioned his rigid cock at my opening. He grabbed my hips and pushed into me. We both moaned at the delicious sensation of my pussy clenching around his cock. Then he fucked me hard and fast, grunting with every pump. The build-up from weeks of waiting had been driving us both crazy with need. I wanted this. I pushed back against him, fucking him just as hard. Wet sounds of sex filled the room. Robert moved his hand around to press his fingers on my clit. "Cum for me, darlin'" he ordered. That sent me over the edge, him following close behind. I collapsed over the arm of the sofa, moaning and panting.

I heard Robert zip up his pants and go out the door, leaving me without a word, his cum dripping down my legs. I felt thoroughly used by him. Sated. Satisfied.

We fucked nearly every night for the remainder of the summer. On the dock, in his truck, in the woods behind his house, on hot summer nights on a towel at the beach. At the end of the summer, I went back to college. I'd miss Robert, but I expected I'd see him on the weekends when he could get over to the university. To tide us over until next summer.
