This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used  
commercially.  Using this material in any commercial publication, 
including websites, withough the express permission of the author, will 
be followed up with legal action.  This fictional story was written 
for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those 
under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction.  
In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all 
sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" 
or "rides the rod" with impunity and without protection.

---

Storage (MF, con, nc?, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

It began about a year ago.  Dina, one of the secretaries, kept giving 
me strange looks at work (I'm a computer tech named Devon, by the 
way...I work for a medium-size corporation).  After a week or so of 
this she caught my eye and beckoned me to follow her into an unused 
storage closet.  I closed the door and she was all over me, kissing 
and groping.

I couldn't believe it -- a married woman! I didn't think about it for 
more than a moment, though, as I returned her passionate embrace.  
She was beautiful, a little short but curvaceous, with dark auburn 
hair that framed the light brown skin of her face.  I think she had 
some Spanish in her, or maybe Greek.  I never asked, and her married 
surname (Jones) wasn't any help.

Her hands went down my back to my butt, kneading, as we kissed.  Mine 
went to unbutton her blouse, revealing her fabulous, round bra-clad 
boobs.  I fondled them greedily.

She moved her hands to my belt and unbuckled it, then pulled down my 
zipper.  All right! She wanted to get straight to it!

Her hand snaked down into my underwear and I gasped -- so warm!  I 
grabbed as much of the front of her knee-length skirt as I could and 
pulled up, then maneuvered my pelvis closer to hers.

"No..." she demurred, pushing me back.  What the fuck?  She couldn't 
see my face in the dim light from the small grimy window, but she 
knew I was confused.  "Please...just this...at first."  She put her 
hand back on my crotch and massaged me back to hardness.  I closed my 
eyes.  Well, this was better than nothing.

The masturbation increased speed over the next few minutes.  I could 
hear her breathing matching tempo with mine.  Was she frigging 
herself with her other hand?

I got my answer a minute later as her thrilling digits pushed me over 
the edge.  I gasped as I splashed the inside of my underwear and all 
over her hand.  "Umm! Ahh!" she exulted, tremors going all through 
her body as she came in response to my pleasure.  "Mmm! Uhh! Oh!" She 
collapsed a little into me as she lost some of her strength, pulling 
back as she recovered.

Giving me a peck on the cheek, she hurried out of the closet.  I 
spent the next few minutes in the washroom cleaning up the mess in my 
shorts before it looked like I had an "accident".

The next day she again enticed me into the storage closet, and again 
she undid my pants and masturbated me within my shorts.  I kissed her 
passionately, trying once more to get my pelvis closer to hers.  I 
wanted sex!

She pushed me back again.  "No, please...can we not just stay with 
this?"  She lightly squeezed my dick through the protective cotton, 
eliciting a pleasurable groan from me.  I backed off, and she again 
manipulated me to a wet orgasm within the confines of my jockeys, 
bringing herself off in a chain reaction.

As I cleaned myself in the washroom I thought to myself, why would 
she not let me fuck her?  Was this some sort of guilt thing about her 
marriage?  Masturbating someone wasn't considered adultery?  I shook 
my head.

I looked for her in "our spot" the next few days, but she never 
showed.  The office was large enough that you might not see someone 
from another department on any given day or week unless you had 
business in their area, and there were no outstanding tech issues in 
the secretarial pool.  The weekend passed quickly, and she was 
nowhere to be found the next week as well.  I wondered if maybe her 
guilt overcame her lust, or if she thought I might try to force her 
into intercourse.

Finally, another two weeks passed and I saw her tentatively poking 
her head around the corner into the tech area.  She caught my eye and 
disappeared.  I followed after a minute and furtively entered the 
closet.  She again glommed on to me, kissing, groping.

I didn't repeat the mistake of trying to get my crotch closer to 
hers, but after she undid her slacks and started to frig herself I 
slipped my hand under hers.  She was surprised but didn't push me 
away.  My fingers found her warm, wet hole and I swirled them around 
the rim of her vulva, brushing her clit.  She gasped, a sharp intake 
of breath signaling both her shock and pleasure.  Her hand had 
stopped manipulating my member, but now her mouth sought out mine 
with fervor and her hand energetically went up and down my shaft.  My 
index and middle fingers slipped inside her, then back out.  By the 
end of our encounter I was really giving it to her, and when we 
orgasmed it was much stronger than before.  Unfortunately, I still 
had to clean up the freaking mess in my shorts.  I had taken a step 
closer to my goal, however -- I had been inside her, even if it was 
just my fingers.

After a week she again stopped coming around.  3 weeks later, just 
when I thought I would never figure her out, she came sniffing around 
again.  Something was tickling the back of my mind about this but in 
my lusty state I couldn't quite clue in.

One week on, three weeks off.  Finally I asked her about it.  Duh! 
Her husband didn't want children and wouldn't touch her when she was 
ovulating.  Unfortunately for him (and fortunately for me), she was 
incredibly horny during that time of the month.  Since they were 
devout Christians, birth control was not an option, and most 
definitely not abortion.  Our closet capers were the only way she 
could "scratch the itch" to her satisfaction, but there was no way 
she would let my babymaker anywhere near her unprotected hole.

Time passed.  Things continued with regularity, except there was 
something in the back of my mind, something growing.  Her tantalizing 
fertility, and her choosing me to assuage her appetites were an 
unbalancing factor in my thoughts.  I couldn't concentrate on my job, 
and my manager had to talk to me a few times about my performance.  I 
had to do something!

One day while we were mutually masturbating each other I had an idea, 
a terrible and yet wonderful idea.  I came instantly at the thought, 
catching Dina off guard.  She stopped as I groaned and spurted.

"Oh, Devon, but I haven't had my pleasure", she sighed.  I dropped to 
my knees, quickly pulling down her panties as I went, and slipped my 
tongue into her vaginal folds.  "OH! Oh my God!" she gasped.  Her 
skirt dropped over my head, obscuring my next move.

As I licked her cunny I plunged my right hand into my shorts, 
gathering as much of my semen as I could.  Then I moved my licking up 
to her clitoris, making room for my fingers as I brought them up and 
slowly pushed into her.

"Uuh! Um! Oh yes!" Dina moaned as I urged my potent sperm into her 
fertile hole.  I moved my fingers in and out, depositing my "boys" 
where they had been trying to go for months.  My other hand slipped 
into my underwear, scooping up more of my stuff, and then I switched 
hands.  More of my sperm went inside her.  She had no idea!

After a few minutes of this she was really getting hot and bothered.  
I had actually been speeding up and slowing down the licking and 
finger-fucking to keep her from cumming.  I knew what would happen to 
the semen I was depositing within her when she came, and I wanted as 
much of it inside her as I could manage.

Finally the semen supply ran out.  I jammed my fingers repeatedly 
into her cunt, and dramatically increased my licking.  She exploded, 
vibrations running down her legs.  "OH! OHH GODDDD!!"

I smiled evilly, picturing her cervix spasming and opening, jabbing 
down into her vagina to suck on the semen I had judiciously deposited 
there, pulling the life-giving liquid into her fertile womb.  The 
thought was enough to make me cum in my shorts again, though she 
couldn't hear me over her own grunts and through her skirt folds.

She was in ecstacy with our new arrangement, and my job performance 
got better.  I would cum quickly, then, unbeknownst to her, finger-
fuck my sperm where it should have gone since the beginning of this 
affair.  She even made sure she wore skirts during that week to 
facilitate things.

I'm sure you can figure out what happened next.  After a couple 
months she seemed to gain a little weight and a couple months after 
that told me she was pregnant.  I said nothing, as it couldn't have 
been me because I never had sex with her, right (wink, wink)?  Her 
husband was furious -- the rhythm method must have failed, and they 
were stuck.  Crazily enough, though, her husband was turned off by 
her pregnancy -- he hadn't touched her since she told him about the 
baby, and now she was horny all the time!

Now she's 4 months pregnant, and is showing a little bit of a paunch.  
It's cute! I've got her pressed up with her back against the wall of 
the storage closet, and I'm fucking her hard.  She's groaning loudly, 
her pleasure increased by the penetration and the hormones.  After 
all, it's not like I can get her *more* pregnant, right?

Uuuh, uuuuhhh, AAAHHHHH! Oh, baby...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)