Girl Next Door

By Girliekiller - feel free to e-mail me with any comments or suggestions for future stories, my e-mail address is girliekiller@hotmail.com 

A couple of nights back I was getting ready for bed, I went to the window in my bedroom to pull the blind.  I looked towards my neighbour's window as I always did in the hope of a glimpse of their eldest daughter, Amy.  I was never lucky enough to see anything, until that night a couple of days back.  When I glanced towards the window I saw the girl getting ready for bed.  She look like she'd just slipped the white blouse she'd been wearing off and was now standing right by the window with the blouse in her hands.  Her young breasts were still hidden from view, encased as they were in her white bra.

I'd wanted Amy from the time her family first moved in next door.  She's a slim blonde girl who has a fantastic ass and will have a perfect pair of tits when she's fully grown.

The night I could just see the top of Amy's skirt or trousers (I couldn't tell which they were) above the window ledge.  Her white bra had an embodied pattern around the to top of the cups and looked great against her smooth creamy white skin.  Amy's face looked a picture of perfection, she was looking down at her breasts, presumably admiring them.

I knew I shouldn't stand there too long staring at her, but there was no way I was tearing my eyes away from her sexy little body.  I couldn't have been looking more that a couple of seconds but it felt like so much longer.  Amy looked up and saw me watching her, I was frozen in the position I'd been in when I first saw her, with one hand supporting me on the window frame and the other reaching up towards the blind.  My mind panicked, thoughts ran through my mind about what I should do.  Should I close the blind and go away, look elsewhere pretending I hadn't see her or maybe even pretend that the house was on fire and jump out of the window.  In the end I simply flashed her a smile of appreciation and started to pull the blind down... slowly!

To my surprise Amy smiled back and waved to stop me pulling down the blind.  Still smiling she blew me a kiss then reached behind her back.  Her well formed breasts were thrust out towards me, I would have given anything at that moment to be in her room.  As I watched Amy's bra slackened and she pulled it away from her chest.  The sexy teenager stood at the window showing me her perfect breasts.  She looked nervous but very excited.

"You're gorgeous," I mouthed to her and blew a kiss back at her.
"Thanks," she mouthed back and acted out catching the kiss in her hands and putting to her mouth.  Amy looked nervously over her shoulder towards the bedroom door, turned back to me and waved good bye then closed her curtains.

I couldn't stop thinking about that girl all night, I kept imagining having her, wondering if I'd be her first and what she'd look like when she came.  The next two days were very busy for me and I'd all but forgotten about the little strip show I'd been given.

Yesterday, I got home and put the kettle on it was pouring with rain outside and I really needed a hot drink.  There was a knock on the door.  When I opened it I found Amy standing on the doorstep, she looked pretty soaked.

"Hi," she said.  "No one's home yet and I've lost my door key.  I was hoping I could wait with you for them to get home."
"Yeah of course you can," I said standing aside to let her in.

The bedraggled look really suited Amy and she looked great.  Her long blonde hair was a total wet mess, her skirt and coat were dripping water all over the carpet, even her features of her face had water dripping from them.  I took her coat from her and saw that she was in her school uniform.

"Come with me, I'll find you a towel and hang this over the bath to dry off, " I said.  She followed me up the stairs into my bedroom.  I told her to sit down for a minute while I hung her jacket up and found her a towel.  I managed to find a hanger and took her coat into the bathroom.  I hung her coat up and grabbed a big towel and took it into Amy.

She was laid on top of the covers on my bed, still wearing her school blazer but she'd taken off her tie and had undone the top few buttons of her blouse.  She was wearing white knee high socks that totally clashed with her black skirt but looked so good for it.  I'm pleased to say that she'd also taken off her shoes before getting onto my bed!

"Are you okay, Amy?"  I asked.
"Yeah, I didn't think you'd mind me laying on your bed.  You looked like you'd enjoy it the other night!"
"I've never minded having a sexy girl in my bed before," I said as I sat down on the edge of the bed.  I leaned over her and rubbed her stomach through her wet blouse, I hadn't noticed before but the front of her blouse was so wet that it had become virtually see-through.
"Good," Amy replied.

I lowered myself to the young girl's face and kissed her lips, gently pinching her lower lip between mine as I pulled away from her.  Amy grasped the front of my shirt, using it to pull herself up.  I held her around the back of her neck as we kissed, this time sliding my tongue into her mouth and feeling my way inside.

"We should really get you out of those wet clothes.  I wouldn't want you to catch a cold," I told Amy.  "You're welcome to borrow a pair of my jogging bottoms and a tee-shirt if you want, I'll wait downstairs while you get changed."

"No, don't," she said softly.  "You've seen me topless already."  Amy gave a cheeky wink and turned a little red as she spoke.

There was no way that Amy was leaving my house unfucked.

I stood up and crossed the room to pull the blind down, I wouldn't have wanted anyone to see me with the neighbours naked daughter now would I?

Turning back I found the gorgeous schoolgirl on her feet in the middle of the room.  Standing in front of her the girl seemed tiny, the top of her head was slightly below my shoulder and when we kissed I had to bend down to reach her lips.  I kissed her deeply, exploring her wet body with my hands.  Running my hands up her sides I brushed the sides of her breasts and slipped my hands under the shoulder of her blazer and pushed it down her arms.  Amy let the blazer fall to the floor and started feeling me through my shirt.

I carefully pushed her back and sat her on the edge of the bed.  Kneeling before her I released the buttons of her blouse and untucked it from her skirt.  I slipped the blouse from her arms and dropped it on the floor.  We kissed a few more times as we explored each others bodies.  Amy's skin was soft and warm, it was smooth and floorless.  Reaching behind her I unfastened her bra and leaned towards the bed, pushing Amy down onto her back as I went, she lifted her legs and slide across the bed giving me space to lay next to her.

Cradling her head I kissed her while running my fingers over the soft flesh of her stomach, waiting for the right moment when she was relaxed enough for me to feel her breasts properly for the first time.  They were worth taking time over; big and firm like teenage tits should be.  I thought for a moment that Amy was going to try and back out of what we were doing as I first touched them, she sort of froze for a second and looked scared.  But, then the second passed and she relaxed again.

We kissed for a few more minutes, I fondled her breasts and she rubbed her hands over me.  Then Amy surprised me.

She took my hand from her breast and whispered, "stop."

"What's wrong, babe?"  I asked.  Amy just smiled and kissed my hand.
"This is what you really want," she winked as she spoke.  Amy moved my hand from her mouth, over her breasts and stomach, lifted her skirt and put my hand on her cotton knickers.

I'd always had her figured as a dirty girl, but a girl who didn't know she was dirty yet. Clearly I was wrong and Amy knew just how dirty she was, I wouldn't have wasted so much time going gentle with her if I'd known!

Slipping my hand under the waist band of her knickers I slid down to her opening.  Noticing the lack of hair I asked, "Do you shave, babe?"  Amy just nodded in reply.  We kissed deeply again; the dirty teen opened her legs wide for me to get to the warm hole that was drawing me.  I wasn't disappointed, Amy was already reasonably wet, her clit was poking out enough for me to feel when I brushed against it as I parted her pussy lips and sank a finger deep into the young girl.  There was a wonderful tightness as her pussy clamped my finger and I knew that I would enjoy plunging my cock deep into her when the time came.  Amy's breathing had already quickened and she'd wrapped her arms around my neck pulling me into the kiss; I remember wondering whether she'd do the same with her legs when I was finally inside her.

For a few minutes I played with Amy, rubbing her clit and finger fucking her, while I kissed her breasts.  Her nipples became hard fairly quickly.  She sighed as I sucked each one in turn and grunted as I flicked her clit and gently bit her nipple at the same time.  After a few minutes of playing with her I went searching for the cute teenagers G-Spot.  Sometime it's hard to find, but I had a feeling that with Amy it'd be fairly easy.  Sure enough, I dragged my finger inside her against the roof of her pussy just twice before she reacted.

"Oh my God," shrieked Amy.  "Do that again, babe.  Do it again please."  Begged the gorgeous girl beneath me.  I did it again, her face was flush as she buried it in my chest.  Amy was panting hard already and shaking as I found the spot again and again.  I guess she wasn't used to getting this kind of attention.  I held her wrist tight forcing her back onto the bed so I could watch her as she enjoyed herself.

The teenagers face had turned a pleasing shade of red, as had much of her upper body.  Amy was biting her lip to stifle the cries of pleasure, but even so she was being pretty noisy.  Her body shook each time I fingered her, making her breasts wobble nicely.

I played with her like this for a while, until the girl was going nuts, then I stopped suddenly and without warning pulled my fingers from her.

"No!  Don't stop.  Please keep going."  Amy was begging me, she even tried to push my hand back between her legs.  I couldn't help laughing, especially when I noticed her hips still rocking as if my fingers were still inside her.

"Do you like that?"  I asked, trying to sound unsure.
"You know I do!  Please do it again, I'll do anything if you do it again."
"My fingers are all messy now; lick them clean for me and I'll give you something even better!"

For the next minute I got to watch one of my favourite sights.  A sexy teenage girl, so horny and desperate to cum that she'll do anything to get her man to being her off.  Amy licked and sucked her own juices from my fingers with the speed of a thirst dog lapping up water from its bowl.

When I was satisfied with her work, I stood up and pulled Amy by the ankles to the edge of the bed, then I pulled her now soaked knickers from her and threw them across the room.

Amy propped herself up on her elbows to watch as I got her into position.  She still wore her black skirt and white knee high socks, those are my favourite piece of school uniform, so I didn't take them off for her.

I knelt between her legs, placing each leg over my shoulders.  Amy was still watching me.  I pulled her pussy lips apart, holding her open with my thumbs and pushed my tongue into her pussy hole then licked upwards to her clit.  She gasped loudly and fell flat on her back.  Amy held her hands tightly over her face, moaning into her palms as I lapped up juice from off of her clit.  Her stick thin legs were kicking the air behind my legs, occasionally trying to move away, but my arms were wrapped around her thighs as I held her pussy lips open so there was no way she was going to break free.

I always enjoy watching the face of a girl as I'm eating her pussy, there's something exciting about seeing how her expressions changes as she gets hornier and how she reacts to what I'm doing.

Amy was a good one to watch.  Her young face, so full of horny curiosity and lust as I knelt between her legs, had changed for a second to a face of shock as I first ran my tongue over her clit.  Now her face was spaced out.  Her eyes tightly closed and her mouth wide open sucking in air with quick shallow breaths.  She was mumbling something that was mostly incoherent but sounded like words of encouragement to me.  The girl's face and chest was turning red, a light pink appeared on her breasts and cheeks and quickly spread turning darker all the time.  Within a few minutes Amy had hold of the back of my head and was pushing me against her pussy.  By now her eyes were wide open and she was begging me not to stop.  I slipped two fingers inside her and was rewarded with a loud cry of excitement.  Amy's pussy tightened around my fingers and as that happened she started making a high pitched whine that grew louder and louder the tighter her pussy clamped my fingers, until she let out a loud and long lasting sigh followed by some equally loud murmurings about how good she felt.  With that Amy's pussy loosened its grip and she quietened down to a few loud pants as her orgasm subsided.

I stood up and quickly dropped my trousers and boxer shorts while Amy was still dazed.  Trapping her against my shoulders and arms I lent over her and thrust my tongue back inside her mouth so she would taste herself in my kiss.  I could feel my hard cock rubbing against Amy's wet pussy.

"Are you gonna fuck me now?"  Amy asked looking into my eyes.
"Yeah, babe."  I replied.
"Okay.  Please be careful with me though, I haven't done this bit before."  Amy sounded so sweet as she told me she was still a virgin.

I pressed my dick against Amy's wet lips and leaned forwards, opening her up and entering her body.  Amy squealed a little as her pussy was filled for the first time.  In one slow push I slid my full length into her.

"It feels like you're in my belly," Amy said rubbing her stomach and grinning.  I love fucking girls while I hold their legs in the air, it lets me get so deep inside them and like Amy discovered the girl really knows she's been fucked.

Leaning back and thrusting slightly upwards into the virgin pussy I was able to stroke her G-spot again with my cock.  Amy was going nuts, rubbing herself all over and playing with her tits as I had her.  Once I was sure she was comfortable having me inside her, I started giving it to her hard, pumping my full length in and out with quick hard thrusts.  Amy started whimpering as soon as my balls slapped against her arse for the first time.  At one point she actually started sucking her thumb, then spat it out and was gasping for air.  Her upper body was turning red; I could see she was close to cumming for me again.

Holding both ankles in one hand I pushed her legs as far towards her chest as I could.  Using my free hand I rubbed Amy's clit as I continued to fuck her.  That was enough, I felt her already tight pussy grabbing at my cock trying to stop the hard fucking she was taking as the sweet young girl came from her first screw.  I pumped into her a few more times until I was sure that she was totally satisfied, then withdrew from her body while Amy mumbled her thanks to me.

Still holding Amy's ankles tight, I pushed her legs back until they touched her breasts and lifted her backside off of the bed.  Amy was squirming against my grip saying that it hurt to be held in that position.  I ignored her.

Taking careful aim, I placed my hard cock against the small opening of Amy's bum hole.  Her ass was wet where her juices had flowed down from her pussy and my cock was wet where she'd cum over it.

Amy isn't a stupid girl and even though she was a virgin up until a few minutes before, she'd already worked out what I planned next.

"Please don't put it in there, babe.  I don't want that, it'll hurt."  Amy was almost sobbing as she begged me not to take her anally as well.
"Don't worry, it'll be okay," I reassured her.
"No, I don't want it there!"
"Well, you're getting it anyway, so be a good girl and enjoy it!"  I snapped the words out, making Amy jump with surprise.
"Okay," she whispered meekly.

The young girl watched me as I leaned forward with my cock pressing against her tightly closed asshole.  She grimaced as the pressure built up on her bum and gasped loudly when her muscles gave up letting my cock slide deep inside her virgin bum.

"That doesn't hurt, does it babe?"  I asked once my full length was buried inside her.
"It does feel weird though," Amy replied shaking her head in answer to my question.  I slowly drew back until only the tip of my cock was inside her.  As I did it Amy let out a long "ohhhh" and then a "mmmmm" as I pushed back into her body.

Amy's ass was so tight, I knew I wouldn't last long inside of her.  The cute girl squealed and thrashed about on the bed as I pounded her ass for a couple of minutes.  When Amy said it was starting to hurt her, I knew it was time to stop.  I'd only been inside her two minutes and although her ass was a little wet from the juice that had run from her pussy I knew that wouldn't be enough to lubricate her for long.  In any case I was on the verge of cumming myself.

I whipped my cock out and rammed it hard into Amy's pussy once just so I could feel her around my cock again.

Dropping her legs I ran around the bed to Amy's pretty face.  I didn't even need to ask Amy to suck it, before I reached her she was rolling onto her side and opening wide for me.  I entered her warm moist mouth and was treated to an expert blow job.  I found out after she'd finished that Amy had sucked a lot of lads off.  Within a few moments I felt the tension build in my balls and I knew that I'd be giving Amy a delicious drink any second now.  Amy, being the expert she is, managed to keep me on the verge of cumming for ages, so that when I finally did shoot my load into her mouth two things happened.  First, I nearly fell over as it felt so good; and secondly, Amy got a huge mouthful causing a little to run down her chin before she could swallow.  Always the thoughtful and polite girl, Amy even licked my cock clean when I stopped cumming.

We lay together for a little while chatting, until Amy felt ready to get dressed and head home.  As she was dressing I picked up her school blazer from the floor.  I got the wrong end and all her things fell from the pockets, including a set of house keys.

"I thought you said you didn't have your keys?"  I asked playfully.
"I lied," Amy replied winking.

I pinned her against the wall, kissing her and feeling her body through her half done up blouse.

"I can't believe you lied, I'll have to spank you next time!"  I said giving her breast a playful squeeze as I spoke
"Mmm, okay.  I guess I could stop by on Friday to be punished if that's good for you."  Amy was fluttering her eyelids as she spoke making her young face look even more innocent.

Any way, we agreed on seeing each other on Friday night.  Talking of which, I better go get ready, not sure whether to use my hand or paddle.  Either way I have a feeling that this is going to be a great night.


