Once upon a time there was a young girl named Jill, but she had beautiful red hair so most people just called her Little Red.  

One day, when Red was about 8 years old her mother asked her to take a care package to her grandmother, who was feeling a bit down because her picks for March Madness had been washed out in the first round.  She put the various items in Red's backpack and soon Red was out skipping through the city to take the bus to Grandmother's house.

However, in the city there also lived a Big Bad Wolf, and he was quite interested in care packages, young girls, and even grandmothers.  Some people said he was also interested in knotholes, dogs, and anything with an opening, he said those people were just jealous.  As he saw Red skipping along the sidewalk he couldn't help but notice the way her skirt kept blowing up and revealing her cute Pokemon panties.

"Hello little girl," said Wolf.

Red looked up at Wolf, and she kind of liked what she saw.  He wasn't especially tall, but he was attractive in a rough sort of way, and she liked the glint of lust that he couldn't keep from his eyes.

"Hello, I'm not supposed to talk to strangers." She replied.

"Well then, suppose we introduce ourselves, then we won't be strangers."  Wolf gave her a confident grin and Red smiled back.  "I'm Wolf, some people call me Big Bad Wolf, but I'm not really all that bad."

"I'm Red," the girl said, and then foolishly added "I'm on my way to visit grandmother, she's a bit down cuz she lost a lot to her bookie and my mom wants me to take her a care package."

"Well," said Wolf, "you must be a very responsible young lady, and I certainly wouldn't want to delay your very important mission.  I do hope you have a pleasant trip."  And with those words, Wolf gave a jaunty wave and walked briskly off.

"What a nice Wolf," thought Red, and she continued to the bus stop.

At the bus stop she politely turned down a passing investment banker who offered to buy her panties, and watched with interest as a lesbian couple also waiting for the bus passed the time with an impressive display of cunnilingus, analingus, fingering, and other activities of great interest to Red .

Eventually the bus arrived, and the two young women who had been so enthusiastically licking at one another's nether regions straightened their clothes and boarded the bus, with Red trailing after them.

"Good morning Missy," said the bus driver. "Lift your skirt please."

Red was a good little girl, and did as the driver requested.  He looked closely at her panties and saw a small spot of moisture right between her legs.  With a deft motion, the bus driver quickly pulled down Red's panties, and saw that not only had they absorbed quite a bit of her pussy juice, but that her lips glistened with the stuff as well.  "My my," he said, "you've been a naughty girl."

He gently ran a finger along her young cunt, and she shivered with pleasure and anticipation.  

"Well, we can't have any naughty girls on my bus without a spanking."  And so saying he pulled her panties the rest of the way down, placed her over his knee and flipped up her skirt.

The bus driver gave a quick smack to Red's ass, and watched as the flesh jiggled and she kicked her legs a bit.  Then, having observed the results of his first swat, the driver delivered another fifteen in rapid succession, turning Red's butt a nice shade of pale pink.  Red cried a little, not because it really hurt but because she felt it was appropriate in the circumstances.  The driver rubbed a bit of the sting out of her butt, copping only a few feels of her bald pussy and asshole, and then stood her on her feet.

"Now, because you've been bad you must give me your panties."  Said the driver.

Red blushed a little, knowing what her mother would say and do when she returned home without her panties again, but obediently stepped out and bent over to pick them up.  The young man wearing a Flogging Molly t-shirt sitting on the seat behind her appreciated the view, and Red was not quick about retrieving the undergarment so as to give him plenty of time to see her puckered little asshole and her now engorged and very moist lips.  Then, with a shy smile, she gave her panties to the bus driver and found her seat.

The lesbian couple, and the other people on the bus, seemed to have enjoyed her spanking quite as much as the bus driver, and Red was quite proud to see that several of the men had large lumps in their pants, and that one was even lightly stroking his erection through his jeans.

The bus took off, heading for grandmother's house.

Meanwhile, Wolf had taken a shortcut through the subway and was just knocking at the door of Grandmother's house as Red was giving the young punk rock fan an eyeful.

"Who is it?" cried Grandmother.

Wolf pitched his voice high and said "Its Red, and I have a lovely care package for you Grandmother!"

"Oh goodie!" said the old woman, as she unbolted the door, "I've been needing new batteries for my vibrator!"

As the door opened Wolf burst in.

"Why, you aren't Red!" said Grandmother, as she eyed Wolf's lean muscular body not without a certain degree of anticipation and appreciation.  "You're that Big Bad Wolf I've been hearing about!"

"Well," said Wolf, "I'm not really that bad.  Moreover, as you can see, I don't overuse exclamation points in my dialog."

"Humh, I never!" said Grandmother.

"Then I guess its your lucky day granny, cuz you're about to." Replied Wolf with a leer.  And without another word he tossed her onto the couch, ripped off her robe, began to eat the old woman.

It wasn't long after, though even in that short a time Grandmother had nearly fainted from Wolf's skillful tongue work,  there came another knock at the door.

Thinking quickly, Wolf covered Grandmother with an afghan, then picked up Grandmother's robe and bonnet from the floor and donned the stolen clothing; thus adding yet more evidence to the idea that most cross dressers are heterosexual males.

"Who is it?" Wolf quavered in a respectable imitation of Grandmother's voice.

"Its Red," called the little girl, "I've brought you a care package, mom figured you'd need new batteries and some more rum."

Wolf opened the door and Red quickly stepped inside, only to look at Wolf in puzzlement.

"My, what big eyes you have."

"The better to see you with, my dear." Replied Wolf, gently pulling off Red's skirt so as to give himself something to see.  He noted that somewhere along the way Red had lost her panties, and took a moment to send a brief prayer of thanks to whatever kindly soul had relieved the poor girl of that burden.

"My, what big ears you have." Red said, as Wolf cupped her pussy in his hand and began to gently rub her little lips and clitoris.

"The better to hear you with, my dear" Replied Wolf, and was rewarded with the sound of a very nice moan of pleasure from Red.

"My, what a big tongue you have." Red said, as Wolf laid her on the couch and spread her legs.

"The better to eat you with, my dear!" Laughed Wolf, as he quickly began licking and sucking at the young girl's lower lips, and thrusting his long tongue into her vagina.

Red's next comment was a quite unspellable sound of pleasure as she came, and came under the rough but pleasant ministrations of Wolf's tongue.

But, to all good things there must come an end, and Wolf straightened up in shock as Grandmother, now recovered from her unexpected orgasms, used her Woodsman 3000 tazer to zap him into immobility if not actual unconsciousness, then used some of the bondage gear she kept around the house to secure him to a nearby chair.

"Red!" Said Grandmother.  "How did that Wolf know to come here?"

The little girl, still quivering from the orgasms Wolf had given her, blushed hotly as she realized her mistake, and its probable outcome.  "I told him I was coming here Grandmother," she replied, hanging her head in shame.

"Well, you did come here, thanks to him, but you won't be coming again this visit," said Grandmother.  "Now take the rest of your clothes off and bring me your paddle."

As Wolf had already taken off her skirt, Red had on only her shirt and shoes which she quickly removed.  Like most girls her age, Red had not yet began to develop breasts, but her nipples were erect and crinkled from the stimulation of Wolf's tongue, and the anticipation of her spanking. 

Repressing a small sigh of resignation Red retrieved the paddle Grandmother kept for occasions such as this.  It was a nice ten inch oval of bright wood, with the word "Red" engraved in beautiful calligraphy on one side.  Red always felt proud that her Grandmother was so concerned for her proper moral development that she had spent the money to buy such a nice paddle.

The nude young girl quickly returned to Grandmother's living room, and bent over the stool the old woman had placed in the middle of the room.  While Red did feel somewhat poorly used by Wolf, she nevertheless felt that he deserved some small reward for his skillful tongue work, and arranged herself so that her butt was pointed at his face.

Grandmother wasted no time on lectures, she felt quite certain that Red knew why she was to be punished, and so she quickly began delivering swats to her granddaughter's pert and firm buttocks.

Red tried to hold still, but as Grandmother's tenth stroke landed, she couldn't help but begin to wiggle, just a bit.  The sight entranced Wolf, who regardless of whether or not he was bad unwittingly proved that he was big as his erect penis emerged from Grandmother's robe.

Grandmother kept up with the paddle for a few more minutes, until Red's rear was bright red, and the little girl was howling and sobbing. Then soothed the girl with a few deep kisses while she gently massaged her buttocks, and gave a few licks to her tight anus.

"Stay there for a moment Red," said Grandmother, as she pulled Red's training butt plug and a tube of KY jelly from her knitting basket.

Red didn't move, except to clench and unclench her now toasty and colorful buttocks, much to the enjoyment of Wolf.  A moment later Grandmother had applied a generous amount of KY to the girl's bottom hole, and she smoothly inserted a finger and began to fuck it in and out in order to loosen her granddaughter for the plug.  

Red's training plug was quite large for her age. In fact she was proud to be the only child in her class who could take a #5 plug, and with her mother and father's help she was training nightly and soon expected to be able to take a #6; something most girls or boys couldn't do until they were at least 10.

Thanks to Grandmother's fingers, and Red's training, the plug went in with little difficulty, and Red quite enjoyed the full and stretched feeling it gave her.

"Now," said Grandmother, "have you learned your lesson?"

"Oh yes, Grandmother!" Said Red, still feeling quite sore from the spanking, though the pleasant sensation of the plug was beginning to resonate in her clit, and some of the warmth from the spanking seemed, by some mysterious process, to migrate to her pussy.

"Good," said Grandmother, "then come over here and eat me a bit before you go."

Red complied, kneeling before the old woman and skillfully using her tongue to bring her to yet another orgasm.  As Grandmother recovered she saw that Wolf was indeed quite big, and feeling sorry for the poor creature, she told Red to take out the plug, and let Wolf relieve himself in her now stretched out butt.  As Red gingerly pulled out her plug, Grandmother undid Wolf's restraints and he thanked her kindly, both for the present release and his coming release of a different sort.

Red yet again bent over the stool, but this time it was not for a punishment.  Wolf coated his large, and by now faintly pulsing cock with more KY and slowly pushed himself into Red's now slightly gaping butt hole.  It took a moment, even with Red's training and the lingering effects of her plug, but with care Wolf managed to get balls deep into the little girl's butt.  Once he was sure she had adjusted to his cock and he wouldn't hurt her, Wolf began thrusting in and out faster and faster.  

Much to his dismay, the adventures of the day, and most especially the sight of Red's grandmother spanking her butt until it matched her name had driven already pushed Wolf close to the edge.  He was only able to last five minutes before he came, shooting what felt to the young girl like liters of semen up her butt.  Fortunately, Red was, by that point, quite on the verge herself, and proving Grandmother's earlier prediction wrong she came just an instant before Wolf did.

Grandmother sent Wolf on his way, with a stern warning to come back later and show her another good time or she'd give him a real talking to.  And, a few moments later, Red left as well.

Grandmother had not allowed Red to dress before she left, and Red knew that her mother and father would give her another spanking, at the very least, before bed. The little girl felt quite embarrassed, if also proud and excited, as she waited, Wolf's cum slowly leaking out of her butt and down her leg, for the bus home.

The end.

Comments, questions, criticism, offers of proofreading, editing, blowjobs, or cash always welcome.

My email is: jamesmoriarty555 at yahoo.com