~ In the office of Lord Viktobaersyn ~
Grecottaevon, where can I find an interesting soul to play with?
I shall find you one if you desire, my Lord.
Yes, find me one that is young, but of age. One that is still innocent enough to not resist me. Perhaps one who has been in a bad relationship and wants an outlet.
Do you want one from our realm, my Lord?
Hmm... It would be interesting to have one from another realm. If you can find someone of another realm, that would be most intriguing. Lets roll the dice to see the location.
~ Rolls dice ~ 6 ~ Rolls dice ~ 10
What do we have here?
It appears a region in the South of France called Aries. Where would a good place be to find someone looking for an outlet in this modern realm?
If I may share some insight, my Lord.
Yes, go ahead.
Modern day people go to these specialists or healers of some type that listen to their life issues for a fee to find solutions. The ones that go there tend to look for outlets. The specialist treat them in different ways. Perhaps, I can find someone there to be to your liking, my Lord.
Interesting. You shall go and find me someone quickly.
Would you want me to test her, my Lord?
Yes. You are free to test her. I want a good fit.
I shall be back as soon as I can, my Lord.
~ Grecottaevon walks through the gate to the modern realm ~
Eck! I can not get used to these modern outfits. They are too tight. I feel so exposed. Now to find one of those offices of these healers.
~ Walks around town till he came across a sign ~
Hmm... Dr. Fabian Ghyslain Gaubert, Therapist. I wonder what type of therapist he is.
~ Walks into office and asks the lady at the desk what Dr. Gaubert specializes in and then leaves the office to the hall way and scans the office for the last patient's name and profile ~
How interesting. They offer these healers in such times. This will be most enjoyable. I will take over this healer's body. The last patient should do nicely. Capucine Leonide should either be in the room or coming in soon. I will sit on the bench in the hall way.
Now to read your profile. She is 23 and have gone through a few relationships. Does not know if the few she had been out with are too young for her or if she should seek older men. Hmm...
How old is this healer?
Hmm... He is 42, divorced and is free from any relationships. How nice.
~ Female walks by in a hurry ~
Oh that is a lovely scent. This must be Capucine. Not too tall or short. Medium build and thick enough around the hips. Lord Viktobaersyn should like this one. Dark hair that is tied up into a bun. Her face looks innocent and young.
~ Walks back into office asking the lady at the desk where the restroom is ~
If you will come through this door and down the hall, you will see the restroom.
Thank you.
~ Walks down the hall to find the healer in his office ~
What are you doing in my office?
~ Reaches hand out to shake the healer's hand ~
Nice to meet you. I am Edmond. We have much to do today.
~ Once the therapist was in a trance, he closes the door for privacy ~
You shall tell your staff to go home after letting the last patient in the other room and that you will lock up for the evening, but they will lock everything as they leave.
Yes.
~ The therapist did as he was told and Grecottaevon sat in the office till he knew everyone had left aside from Capucine ~
Now to take on your form a bit more. Ooohh... Body is almost a perfect fit except for some muscle pain. I can not wait to get out of these tight robes of yours. They are not comfortable on the package.
~ Walks out of office and into the room where Capucine has been quietly waiting in ~
Good day to you, Capucine.
Hello, Doctor.
You look a little worried today.
I still feel awkward thinking that I may be attracted to older men.
Relax. Lay down. Breathe. Tell me what attracts you to older men?
Umm... I...
Relax. Talk to me without worries of judgement. What is it that attracts you about the older and younger ones?
Well I like the younger ones because they are more free. They seem most full of energy. I like their free spirit and daring to dream.
What is it you do not like about them?
They are also immature most times, do not focus very well and it makes me feel insecure. The older men make me feel more secure as if someone is taking care of me. They are more confident about themselves and I feel confident around them.
What else?
I feel that they have more experience in life that can be shared. Maybe I am thinking nonsense. I should be around those in my age range.
Do not be so hard on yourself. Let your mind be free. Is there a certain profession you seek them to be in?
No. Not particularly. It would be nice if they are of a cleaner profession. I would not want to date a butcher, mechanic or someone who has their clothes all dirty every day due to what they do for a living. I do not hate them or anything. They do what they do best. For me, I feel better around someone who does not dirty themselves so easily.
What do you think of people in the medical profession?
I think they are most respectable. It would be too difficult for me to do what they do every day.
You do realize that I am here to help you?
Yes, Doctor.
Be honest with me. What kind of thoughts have you had about me?
Umm... I.... I...
Be honest, Capucine. I can not help you if you are not honest about this. Do not be embarrassed. I am a professional. My goal is to make sure you feel better. I am not here to hurt you in any way.
I... I think you are an admirable man. It feels nice to be around you, but I know that you would want someone that has more to offer than me.
Tell me, Capcucine, have you ever had any fantasies about me?
I... I...
No need to blush. Let it out.
I am embarrassed to say that I have.
No need to be. That is perfectly alright. Everyone has a right to have their fantasies about anyone. Does it help to tell you that I have fantasies about my patients too?
You do?
Yes, I do. One of them involves you.
Gasp. Doctor...
Relax. Lets try an exercise. I need you to relax and trust me on this.
I will try.
I want you to repeat what I do.
~ Takes off his shirt ~
Gasp! Doctor...
No no. Not a word. Follow along on the exercise. It will be good for you.
~ Takes off her shirt ~
My chest is bare. Your chest shall be too.
~ Takes off her bra slowly ~
Good. Relax. I am here to help you.
~ Takes off his pants ~
~ Takes off her pants ~
~ Takes off his shorts ~
~ Takes off her panties ~
~ Her head looking at the floor feeling vulnerable as he looks at her body with delight ~
Relax. As you can see, we are both of flesh and bones. We all have feelings. Do not let age be that much of a factor in who you choose to date. It appears that unless you are with someone a little more mature, you will continue to have a bad dating experience with these younger men.
I feel so alone around them.
How do you feel when you are around older men?
I feel more secure and know they are more likely to defend me.
Good. Let us move on to the next part of our exercise.
~ Sits on the leather sofa next to her and then touches her shoulder to be in a light trance ~
I want you to kneel in front of me, Capucine.
Yes, Doctor.
Good. Come closer. Closer. Now savor my manhood. Fill your mouth.
~ Grecottaevon knows what she is thinking and feeling when he touches her ~
Oh you are good at this. Such a shame the previous boys could not enjoy this more.
~ He holds her head with both of his hands to stay in place and knows she feels more secure ~
You know how to tease the tip of my manhood. Ooohh...
~ Quite delighted to see that the doctor's hardness is similar to the size of his Lord's manhood ~
Do you like it full size and thick?
Yes, Doctor.
Did your previous lovers have this much to offer you?
No. They did not compare to you, Doctor.
Good to know. That means you must be very tight down there. Turn around and let me see how wet you are.
~ She turns around to see her wet mound glistening ~
Such a pity that I could not do this to you the way I want.
~ Walks over to the doctor's desk to find the condoms and grabs a handful ~
Savor my manhood some more. Yes. Oooohh... You want to feel more secure, do you not?
Yes. Yes, I do.
Turn around and spread your legs open for me. Such a beautiful view. Let me open your sensitive spot a little bit. Oooohh... How nice to see a petite opening. Do not worry. I will open that up.
~ He makes his way into her tight spot inch by inch making her scream and moan ~
Ahhhh... Ahhhh... Mmmm... Ahhhh...
Such a screamer you are. You make me even more excited! AHH! There it is all the way in. Such a tight and wet place. How do you feel now?
Mmm... A little pain.
Do you feel secure with me in you?
Mmm... Yes, I do. Mmm...
Do you want me to stay in you?
Mmm... Yes. Yes, please. Stay in me as long as you want. Oooohh... Mmm...
Glad to hear you say that. You want me relieved, do you not?
Mmm... Yes. Yes, I do. I want to please you.
Good. I want you to move up and down till I am relieved. Yes, nice and steady. Good. Oooohhh... We shall find out how long you can do this. Tell me, have you done this before?
No. I do not think that I can do this well.
You will do fine. I will make sure of it. You will relieve me over and over until I am fully satisfied. Is there any disagreement with that?
No. Mmm... I want to please you, Doctor. Mmmm... I want you to stay in me.
Good. Do not worry. I will stay in you for a while. All you need to do is follow my orders.
~~ Thinks to himself of how much his Lord will enjoy this one and is thankful to be able to test her ~~
Mmmm... Aaahhh... Mmmm... I can not hold back any longer, Doctor. I am close to shaking and screaming. Mmm...
You shall hold back until I allow you to do so. Is that clear?
Mmm... Yes. Mmm...
Faster. Faster. Oooohh... Oooohhh... AAAAAAHHHHH!!! Oooooohhh... Mmmm...
Stay still and enjoy my softness. You want me to stay in you, yes?
Mmmm... Yes. Mmmm...
I will see to it that we go a few more rounds till I take you with me. Do you like the idea of me going home with you?
Mmm... Yes, I do. I would like that very much, Doctor.
How about you come to my home after a few more rounds?
Yes. Mmm... Yes, Doctor. Mmm... I want relief, Doctor. Mmm...
No no no. You shall earn your relief. It is not time for you to be relieved yet. That will only make it more difficult for you to please me fully. You do not want to disappoint me, do you?
Mmm... No. No, Doctor. Mmm...
~ She did not know what came over her, but feels right to go along with what the doctor tells her to do ~
Continue as you did before nice and steady. Yes. Once you are wet enough, I will do more thrusting and you shall do more screaming. Hahaha!!
Let me find out how sensitive those nipples are.
Mmmm... Mmmm... Aaahhh...
They are sensitive indeed. It sounds to me that you enjoy having your pair of soft fruits indulged on by someone older.
Mmm... Yes. Yes, Doctor. I would love that. Mmm...
I can not wait to take you home with me and indulge your body some more. Tell me, do you like this position?
Mmm... Yes. I like this position. Mmm... Any position you desire, Doctor. What ever that pleases you most. Mmm...
That is nice to hear. You do this well enough and I will see to it that you get the older gentleman in your life. Oooohhh... I will make sure to test every bit of your body well to my Lord's satisfaction.
Mmmm... Oooohh... Doctor, I want relief. Mmmm...
Do not worry. You will get your relief. It appears you are wet enough now. Time to thrust in and out.
AAAAH!! AAAHHH! AAAHH!! Mmmm... AAAHHHH! Mmm... MERCY! Mmmm... MERCY!
No talking. I will thrust you until you shake long and hard. Oooohhh...
Mmm... AAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!! Mmm...
Well well, what do we have here?
You could not hold back any longer for my manhood, could you?
We shall end this session right now.
Mmm... No, Doctor. Nooo. Mmm...
Clean yourself up. Come to this address. You shall go there now and wait for my arrival. I have to close up this office and make sure you are not seen with me.
Yes, Doctor. I will go to this address and wait for you.
I will give you something to think of before you leave.
~ He stands up and has her kneel before him ~
Go ahead. Savor my manhood. This time around, you will have some milk. Oooohhh...
Ahhh... Oooohh... You may leave now.
Yes, Doctor.
~~ Now to clean up this room as if nothing has happened here. Since I do not know if the doctor has extra condoms at his home, I will grab some more out of his desk. He must do a lot with his patients or he gives these to his male patients.
Too bad he does not have other items around here. I must stop by one of those shops and get a few items to make the night more memorable for Capucine. My Lord will be very happy with this one. Tonight, I will find out how she reacts to her back door being filled. ~~