Kate's Unfortunate Series of Events
by mrsalpaca 

PART 4

It was a very sunny late summer day in August, one of the hottest they had in the mountainous lake valley area where their grandfather’s house resided.

But the already sweltering morning heat was one of the last things on Kate’s mind as she passed through the almost fairytale-like small town streets surrounded by shops, boutiques, cafes, and gardens.

Kate was out on a jog today and lost in her thoughts.


In the aftermath of everything that happened this summer and since my last introspection before.. yesterday's awful events.. I really didn’t know what to think anymore. How could things possibly become this bad? I thought after my brothers saw my shaved pussy for the first time, saw me cum during the pussy inspection and “cleaned” me with their handkerchiefs, the worst would have happened and the universe would let me off the hook - alas an apparently unrealistic point of view.

It felt like it was inevitable before I experienced another event in what seemed like this series of unfortunate events.

I needed to get out of the house and thus I had gone jogging early in the day before everyone else had woken up.

Everything ached.. and frustratingly not all in a painful way.

Sure, my ass hurt from being spanked, my now over rubbed tender nipples and breasts brushed irritatingly against my long sleeve shirt, and my limbs were quite sore from having been pulled apart against my will while I fought to close them to cover myself. When I changed into my favourite running attire (a long sleeve shirt and leggings), I could quite easily see the finger marks made into my pale complexion - running through much of my body.

But I had been made to cum five times yesterday and I hated that my pussy now ached pleasurably in being used like that.


I was really tired too.

When I realized that I was going to become an impromptu sex education model during my shaving punishment, I had to try to put my foot down and stop the boys from pulling my arms and legs apart, the only thing hiding my naked body from their hungry eyes. Being several years older than most of them and an athlete, I was physically stronger but having them all focus on one body part each at once made fighting a fruitless endeavor. It was so humiliating that I couldn’t pull my legs closed and stop them all from seeing my 18 year old pussy - even worse that I couldn’t cover my breasts with my arms when my bra was unclasped and tossed carelessly aside. I couldn't do anything as my legs were opened with my pussy shaved and spread all for their "education." They were all younger than me and shouldn’t have seen any of me naked in such detail but they did.

As I brought back these experiences, my face had become totally flushed and one of the bakery ladies waved at me as I passed her. She probably thought I was just flushed from running in the morning heat with no clue of the real mortifying reason for my blushing. It killed me that it was my reality now.

I could have dealt with the physical pain and tiredness because volleyball practice was more demanding, but no, it was the emotional impact that really bothered me.


Yes, it was my fault for not having kept up with my shaving routine but it was at this moment that I realized even an easily fixable mistake like that could turn into something huge. What was supposed to be a quick shaving session turned into an absolute nightmare. I could not have been more unlucky and embarrassed that now it wasn’t just my two brothers and grandpa seeing me exposed, but also Jacob, James, and shamefully TODD!

I couldn’t believe it.

Not only did Todd, “The Creep”, see me fully naked but he also was allowed to touch me in ways no boy closer to my age had ever done. He touched my pussy, slipped his fingers inside, rubbed my clit, pulled apart my labia, pinched and licked my nipples (I gagged remembering this), and basically ran his chubby hands over every part of my body - the body of the girl he had been lusting for almost a decade. I was nearly a woman now and I had been so humiliated by someone who was so beneath me.

I was fighting the urge to cry on the way back to the house.

They all had seen everything and what frightened me the most was that my body was turned on by the humiliation. Before I had asked myself if I was somehow attracted to being humiliated, caught naked, coerced in fear of punishment and refused to believe it, but now I wasn’t so sure. I knew yesterday had been the wettest and most aroused I had ever been. It was terrifying to think that my body got so easily aroused by this. I knew I felt uncomfortable and my mind didn’t like it - but what did it mean when my body involuntarily reacted?

I shook my head in distaste.


Today was supposed to be a little bit different. Just before bed time, grandpa received a call from the local hospital saying that his brother (my great uncle) had recovered sufficiently from his pneumonia to be able to return home and be observed in an outpatient setting.

I really liked my great uncle Larry, he was genuinely a good person but he had been going through alot of health issues lately. I was happy that he was able to be released from the hospital after these long months of hearing his condition over my parent’s phones.

His returning home would create a new environment at grandpa’s house however. Since Larry’s house was closer to the hospital, it made sense for him to live there instead of with my grandpa. Grandpa was planning to pack a weekend bag and come help him settle in for a couple days. I suppose having less of his leering eyes on me in the house was better, but this would mean that I would be left home alone with my two younger brothers and potentially their friends.

Would they get bolder because of this news?

******

When she got back to the house, Kate breathed a sigh of relief that her two brothers were still asleep.

Grandpa was out at the hospital right now filling discharge paperwork and taking great uncle Larry home before briefly coming back to the house to gather his overnight bag.

This gave her the opportunity to take a quick shower and get changed into clean but more importantly, baggy and less revealing clothes. There wasn’t much longer to the summer so maybe her best chance was to either be a hermit in her room or find more reasons to leave the house during the day. However, it bothered her that she was going to be left in charge and if her brothers did anything wrong during her absence, Kate would most likely get the punishment.

It was funny to think there was once a time in the past where younger Kate had control and bossed her younger siblings around. They all used to play-wrestle and Kate was once able to take on both of them simultaneously. That had all changed when the boys started going through puberty and growing to be almost her size.

Along with their growth, also came a sudden interest in the opposite sex. After an incident during play wrestling where both boys had worked together to hold Kate in a position where they could brush against her developing breasts and pull down her clothing in hopes of revealing something, it was clear that the time for play-wrestling was over.

But she was still taller than them, the vice captain of her volleyball team, and probably able to take on at least one of them at a time.

Maybe it was time she took charge of the dynamic again, Kate thought.

Sneaking past her brother's room with quiet footsteps, Kate entered her room and gathered a large bath towel, clean clothes, and her shaving kit before whisking away into the bathroom. After all the previous events, the one thing she made sure of was that she wouldn’t give grandpa another excuse to punish her and shaving as often as she could was a significantly smaller price to pay in exchange.

******

*BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG*

Mitch was bent over at the bathroom door with his hand in between his legs, if Kate wasn’t going to let him in soon he was going to pee his pants.

“KATE, HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING TO BE IN THERE?! I NEED TO USE THE TOILET!”

He could hear the shower going, hoping to the gods that Kate was able to hear him.

“KAAAAAAAAATE PLEEEEASE LET ME IN!”

There was a brief pause of desperation before he heard her scream out:

“I WAS HERE FIRST LOSER, SUCK IT UP.”

Kate grinned to herself.

For the first time in a while she was pleased with herself that she was able to take a notch down on one of her tormentors. However, her relaxing shower and sudden motivation to retake initiative had put her in a mind where she wasn’t thinking fully about how her current actions might cause her to regret them later on.

******

Mitch was pissed.

Storming back to the twin brothers’ shared bedroom with completely soiled bottoms had put him in a sour mood - even with all that humiliation done to their bratty stuck up older sister, she still had the guts to treat him like that (even if it was somewhat hypocritical with their treatment of her).

Ryan was up and awake playing on his phone when he saw his brother come in distraught. At first he couldn’t help but laugh.

“Dude, you reek. What kind of guy pisses his pants at our age?!”

All it took was one of Mitch’s rare and genuinely angry glares to make Ryan sympathetic for his twin brother.

“How did it happen?”

"What do you think?! Kate wouldn't let me in." Mitch spat out.

Ryan had a thoughtful look for a second, gears clearly turning in his head.

"Wait, Kate is in the shower right now? Well obviously she can't be allowed to be the boss of us while grandpa is away so wipe yourself down, change into something clean, and let me grab last year's christmas present."

Mitch was confused for a second before he realized that Ryan was talking about the amateur lockpicking kit he was gifted by great uncle Larry.

The two boys smiled at each other knowingly.

Time to put her back in her place.

******

Mitch couldn't help but snicker at the plan.

"SHHHHHH, we have to be quiet to do this!" Ryan hissed.

The two twin brothers were slowly making their way towards the bathroom door, gliding against the wall on their left side. They were careful to not make any loud footstep noises that would alert Kate to their approach.

Ryan had his lockpicking kit in hand and Mitch had his phone opened to the camera app in his.

Once they reached the door, Ryan opened his kit to take out two tools and was ready to start trying to open the door.

Ryan had been practicing again and again for the entire year since he received the gift and now he could finally see if his hard work would pay off.

Great uncle Larry had always known and shared Ryan's love for detective and spy novels, being a medically retired police intelligence officer himself. It only made sense that a lockpicking kit was the best gift for Ryan - proven obviously by how ecstatic he was when he received it in the christmas mail post.

Although, Ryan did feel a little bit guilty of what his intentions were for using his lockpicking gift.

He had been eager to test his skills and see if he and Mitch could prank or catch Kate naked but with their mom always around, he'd never had the opportunity to actually try.. until now that was.


*CLICK*


Mitch stood behind his brother at the ready with his smartphone. He had no doubt about Ryan's lockpicking skills but he was still impressed.

Both boys looked at each other with satisfied smirks.

Ryan nodded to his brother signaling that the plan was in motion.

Mitch understood and gave a thumbs up.

Ryan placed his hand on the bathroom door knob and slowly turned it open, listening in he could hear the water rushing from the showerhead.

******

Kate was in the shower as naked as can be.

She had one of her smooth pale legs in the bathtub supporting her while she held up the other leg clearly in the process of shaving her bottom and feminine region.

Today was going to be a better day, she thought. It was time for her to gain back some control now that grandpa was going away.

She already savored the taste of vengeance when she heard Mitch swore at the moment of soiling himself.

Kate smiled.

It felt good to have some payback. As she continued to shave, she became lost in thought about what she was going to do next.


Suddenly, Kate jolted and almost lost her balance when the shower curtain beside her had been ripped roughly aside.

She was absolutely horrified that it had revealed HER TWO DEMON BROTHERS!

Ryan was laughing and leering at the sight of Kate in her compromising position, looking directly at her glistening chest and her raised leg that revealed his big sister's freshly shaven pussy.

Mitch was behind him holding his phone and CLEARLY TAKING PHOTO AFTER PHOTO OF HER NAKED BODY!

"NOOOOOO!"

Kate screamed at the sudden surprise, clearly caught unaware and slow to react before she dropped her razor and tried to cover her ample chest with one arm and her intimate slit with the other.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS DOING HERE!? I'M COMPLETELY NAKED! ARGGGGGHH I'M GOING TO KILL YOU TWO TWERPS!"

Kate immediately took the arm that was covering her breasts and lunged at Mitch, trying to pry his phone out of his hand like it was the last thing she could do.

Mitch however had already anticipated this, sidestepping away and started to hastily make an exit with his brother - causing Kate to become unbalanced and fall down to her knees on the edge of the bathtub.

The two brothers were in the process of running out of the bathroom when Kate quickly got up on her feet and pursued them with the only goal of getting her hands on that phone.

At this point, to her brothers' delight, Kate was too upset to realize that in using both arms to reach she gave an excellent show of her wet naked body with her exposed chest bouncing behind them.

Unfortunately, Kate was unable to reach them in time on her slippery wet feet and the two brothers were able to enter their bedroom - slamming the door and locking it shut.

"LET ME IN YOU TWERPS!"

Kate slammed her hands on the door with her fists, blushing red when she could hear their laughs and ooooohs on the other side which told her that the only thing they could be doing is looking at their newly acquired prize on Mitch's phone.

Her fears were exactly true as Ryan and Mitch sat on a bed together flicking through the photo gallery relishing in their victory.


This phone now contained several photographs of Kate in varying positions of exposed nudity with the best photos being:
1) One before Kate covered herself, her hand holding her leg up effectively spreading and revealing her shaven pussy.

2) One with Kate covering her breasts with one arm, not realizing how big her breasts were and how futile a job she was doing trying to hide her charms away from them. It was so obvious that they could see her hardened pink nipples and pale areola poking above and below her arm.

3) Finally, one after Kate had fallen on the edge of the bathtub where she was on all fours trying to crawl towards the camera. This one made Ryan laugh because Kate had such a shocked and shamed emotion looking up at them with her bottom up in the air and her chest hanging down beautifully.


Kate was genuinely distraught banging against the door as her emotions transitioned from anger to desperation. Slowly, she had begun to realize that the cards were in their hands with her nakedness now able to be put on demand.. she was mortified even more of what they could do with the photos.

Not only could they share them with their friends, but the options were endless for the amount of people that Kate absolutely did not want seeing her naked period.

Her crushes, crushes on her, stalkers, her ex, her creepy perverted coffee shop manager, boys in her grade, and literally anyone she knew.

If these got out when she started her senior year of highschool, she would be ruined.

"Please guys, don't be like this, I'm sorry okay! Mitch, I'm sorry for not letting you use the toilet - it was so low of me to do that. Please, please, PLEEEEEASE delete these photos, I promise I won't take revenge ever again and I'll do anything!"

Kate became even more distressed when the laughing and gawking became silent.


Ryan looked at Mitch who gave him a knowing nod and smirk.

"Me and Mitch are willing to propose a deal to delete the photos as soon as summer is over and Kate did the following:
1) Did all their chores for the rest of the time they stayed at grandpa's house.
2) That she must obey any of their orders, that she must listen to them, and that she must do whatever they say starting tomorrow morning.

In respect of fairness, she would have three chances to refuse a task without repercussion, however, she could not refuse two or more times in a row. In addition, if any of these rules were broken or the boys were dissatisfied - the period in which Kate was indebted would be extended and/or something would happen with the photos."


Kate whined audibly.

She knew they would pull something like this but she also knew she was out of her depth and also out of options.

"Ugh fine." she muttered and moved back to the bathroom in shame to gather her things, get dressed, wipe up the puddles in the hall, and return to her bedroom for one last day of privacy.

Ryan and Mitch were about to come out of their bedroom to catch Kate naked in the hallway again but they soon heard the sound of her bedroom door closing as she slipped away.

They both grinned at each other before retiring back into their bedroom to enjoy the acquired photos and make some plans for tomorrow.

Of course, they were never planning to share the photos with anyone else - well maybe perhaps Jacob, James, and Todd but the photos in their possession still served as a useful tool to influence Kate in their favor.


PART 5

It was around afternoon when grandpa finally arrived home after taking great uncle Larry back from the hospital.

He had noticed it was quieter than usual, though he wasn't surprised if it was because of the previous day's events. Kate had better behave this time while he was away. He planned to do a hygiene inspection on her as soon as he returned.

Once grandpa had packed his overnight bag, he called out to the three siblings to come down to the front foyer.


Kate was unable to look anyone in the eye as grandpa began to explain the plan and the timeline for his trip.

It wasn't a surprise that Kate was put in charge of the house and the two twins while he was gone. He instructed them all to be on their absolute best behavior and then proceeded to take his leave.

"Yeah, SHE definitely will be on her best behavior." Mitch whispered to his brother with a wink and a knowing smile.

After bidding grandpa farewell, Kate sullenly walked up the stairs and into her room where she stayed for the rest of the day trying to savor her last day of sanctuary before whatever nightmares the next day had in store.

******

*CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG*

The next morning Kate was rudely woken up by the sound of spoons hitting pots beside her bed.

She could have sworn that she had locked her door the previous night and was shocked to see Mitch and Ryan beaming in anticipation of the new day.

“Good morning, Kate! We hope you had a good night's rest.” Mitch rejoiced.

Kate groaned, realising that her nightmare had begun.

“UP UP UP! Come on, your first task of the day is to freshen up.” ordered Ryan.

******

I rolled over the covers and stood up out of bed, already irritated with my new reality. I walked past the two boys and entered the bathroom, my hand had almost closed the door behind me when I felt Ryan's hand jam between it.

"Kate, from now on you have to ask us permission if you want to open or close any doors."

I rolled my eyes as I put toothpaste on my brush and began to go about my normal washing up routine. Today couldn't be that hard right? Clearly they just wanted me to be a servant for them and do their chores. If that's all they asked, I would fly through the rest of this summer and their deal like it was nothing.

I stopped for a moment before suddenly feeling a sense of horror come up. I had been hidden in my room all evening yesterday in shame and refused to come out in order to have as much freedom as I could before today. But in doing so, I had neglected to go to the bathroom before falling asleep and I realised I needed to pee really badly.

I looked at the toilet and then at my brothers who I knew had come to the same conclusion. They gave a smirk and nodded as to what was my next task.

"Please don't make me do this… you've seen and touched me naked.. you have humiliating photos of me.. please let me keep this one thing private." I pleaded.

They almost looked disappointed.

"Well, unless you want to use one of your three chances before we have even seriously started - I don't think you have a choice other than having to hold it in. But we both know from experience over road trips that you have a bad time with desperation, Kate."

Ryan was right, there would be no way I could survive a day like this. As mortifying as it was, it would be too pathetic to use one of my three refusals already. Who knew what else these bastards had in store for me?

I closed my eyes in shame as I made my way to sit down on the seat while slowly pulling down my pajama pants. I could hear them gasp seeing me "voluntarily" show them what I wore underneath.

******

Keeping her legs tightly closed together, Kate hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her purple cotton panties, and just as she had with her pajama bottoms, she pushed them down her long legs, abandoning them around her ankles. The intensity of their gazes seemed to weigh down on her.

She could hardly bend back up and she could hardly breathe. She had to keep her eyes closed, she could not bear to see any of their faces.

Keeping her legs flush together, she attempted to hide whatever else they might be able to see with her hands. All eyes were zeroed in on the “v” between her legs. They could barely see the beginnings of her bare crotch, all that could be seen was a small line just below her mons forming into the start of a camel toe. She could hear them whispering inappropriate things and it made her blush.

"We want to see all of you, surely you can't pee like that with your legs together!" Mitch whined.

That crushed any hope Kate had of maintaining her dignity in this act. She threw her arms up into the air exacerbatedly and let them fall to her side.

Eyes still closed and biting her lip now in tension, Kate tentatively opened her legs to once again reveal her intimate area. The camel toe her freshly shaven lips made was deeper now, everything was clean and maintained as she was ordered.

Kate surprised herself.

Undoubtedly she was completely embarrassed, humiliated absolutely, but the sensation was stimulating. She was not angry like she thought she should feel. Kate mentally pushed away the idea that she was aroused that she had no choice but to let them watch her do something vulnerable.

She had issues starting and was evidently pee shy. She couldn't help but imagine what the two boys were like making an audience of this spectacle when Kate began to strain and got nervous.

"Well? We're waiting, you know, come on, just pretend we're not here." Ryan sighed.

Kate made a shallow exhale before a thin stream appeared out of the puckered lips. She gasped and a whimper came out of her mouth when she heard her brothers come closer for a better look.

They had always wondered what it looked like when a female peed and this new experience made them excited. Even with the previous multiple exposures they got of their big sister's privates, it finally made sense to them now that girls did have several holes - one of which was used for doing their business.

******

I could feel my face cringing as the sound of my flowing stream echoed in the bathroom.

I didn't want to imagine behind my closed eyelids what they could be thinking about as they witnessed this.

Trying to finish as quickly as I could and save myself from further humiliation, I gathered a wad of paper and wiped myself clean before hastily pulling my bottoms back up and washing my hands.

Mitch and Ryan were obviously now quite content and told me that I had done well and was free to go do all of our daily chores.

My face was flushed as I moved to start the rest of my day already wishing it could be over sooner.

******

It was the afternoon when Kate walked through the sunny neighbourhood returning home with a pizza delivery for her brothers and their friends. Today they decided to take advantage of grandpa’s absence and wanted to throw a little sleepover party.

Kate groaned audibly.

It was only the afternoon! As if this morning's bathroom incident wasn't already enough to deal with.

The only thing she wanted was to go and hide in her room for the rest of the summer, something she knew was impossible with the shameful photographs taken of her exposure.

On another point, perhaps unsurprisingly, both boys had decided they had the right to choose what outfit Kate was to wear.

Kate looked again at her outfit.

They had chosen this yellow floral sundress that she had not worn for years. Kate loved this dress as it was a summer favourite for her and apparently the boys enjoyed it too.

But she had grown tall and the dress had well.. become short. Whether they chose this dress out of nostalgia, perversion, or both, Kate could not decide.

Of course, they had also told her not to wear any bra or panties.

"Too hot for today," they reassured unconvincingly.

Kate rolled her eyes.

Atleast they had the decency to let her change in private, but they were probably just too busy letting their friends in downstairs.

******

As soon as I got back and entered through the front door, I heard a loud THUMP.

I cringed, hoping whatever was dropped wasn't another of grandpa's vases.

Walking up the stairs, I saw that a plastic pitcher of soda had been tipped over and spilled all over the dining room floor.

Mitch was standing next to it.

"Hi Kate, thank you for retrieving the pizza for us!

I'm afraid there's a bit of a mess here, so I'm sure you wouldn't mind cleaning it up for us while we set up the pizza?"

Sighing, I put down the pizza boxes on the table and went over to get a wet floor cloth.

THUMP

"Whoopsie, it looks like I spilled my soda cup too! I am so terribly sorry, Kate." Mitch apologised dramatically.


Ugh. He can't even bother to hide that mischievous smirk of his, of course he did this on purpose.


Dropping down onto my knees, I began to mop up the spill with the cloth.

"Dammit, have you learnt nothing from before!? Kate, get on your knees and arms - we want this cleaned up before it stains the floor!" Ryan complained.

I fought the urge and caught myself before I audibly voiced my distaste.

Bending over and wiping the floor on both arms and knees, I could clearly hear gasps and then giggles behind me.

My face was flushed and my eyes closed shut in shame as if it could stop me from knowing just behind me were all the boys from the shaving incident able to see under my too short dress.

******

Mitch, and the other boys, Ryan, Jacob, Todd, and James were staring straight at Kate's exposed bottom.

Today the brothers had "asked" her to wear this yellow sundress that barely reached her above knees.

When their tall sister stood up straight, the material had adequately covered any of what she was wearing underneath, which was evidently nothing at all considering the show they were now seeing.

They could see everything.

Kate's dress did not even begin to conceal her full bottom and the glorious sight between her legs.

They could see her all in detail from behind and nothing stopped the five boys from gawking at Kate's exposed vagina.

They all grinned at each other, giving knowing smiles and connecting the image to a previous event where Kate was in a similar position on the coffee table - albeit more naked than she was now.

******

I blushed in deep shame, knowing that all these young boys were staring at me so hard on all fours.

All I could do was listen to Ryan’s cleaning directions and try to clean up as quickly as possible before running for my bedroom when suddenly I felt a sharp pain on my butt:

SLAP

On instinct, I turned and gave whoever it was a vicious slap on the face.

I was horrified to see that it was TODD who I had retaliated against for rudely smacking my bottom.

Immediately, I ran past him down the hall into my room and hastily made to lock the door behind me when I felt it suddenly become stuck on something.

It was a fat foot.


Todd had followed me down the hall as I stepped into my room and tried to shut the door, but he put his foot in, pushed the door open, walked in, and locked the bedroom door behind him.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” I yelled exasperatedly.

“I just wanna’ hang out with you, come on, I really like you.” Todd whined petulantly.

“First off, I’m four years older than you; second, that’s not how you get girls, by acting all creepy and then forcing your way into someone’s room. Now get out!” I angrily exclaimed.

Todd gave me a smirk before replying.

“Fine.”

But before I could react he reached out and slapped me on my butt again.

I reacted by slapping him across the face for a second blow. This time I hit him pretty hard since he aggravated me and his whole face had a big red welt mark.

“Get out, now!” I demanded.

Todd just stood there for a minute and looked at me with a shocked expression while holding a hand on his face where I slapped him.

“If I do get out now, I will call my mom to come get me and she will come in with your grandpa and I’ll tell them that you hit me.

Even if you give them a reason why, you know your parents and your grandpa don't approve of violence of any kind and you’ll surely be grounded or punished worse for the rest of the year.

Not to mention that my mom will make a huge deal out of anything so imagine what a scandal this incident will create.”

He gave a pause, clearly looking for a reaction from me.

I hated the little prick, but he had a point. Even if I told them that he slapped my bottom first, I would still get in trouble for slapping him across the face and leaving such a mark.

In all likelihood they will just say that I’m the older one and that I should have handled things differently and so on and so forth until I end up grounded and/or punished more severely.

I sighed.

“So, now what do you want from me?” I reluctantly asked.

I was more than a little nervous to hear whatever his answer was.

“I promise won’t say a word about this, I’ll even say that I bumped into something in the bathroom if they ask about the mark on my face. They'll believe that, everyone thinks I'm clumsy anyways.” Todd mused.

“Okay, so what’s the catch?” I muttered suspiciously.

He looked at me up and down and I immediately covered my chest with my arms feeling self conscious.

“Just lift up your dress a little bit for me.”

“NO WAY, YOU PERVERT!” I said with a disgusted look on my face.

“Sounds good! Let me just pull out my phone right now and then I’ll te…”

“Wait, stop! Please!" I begged.

Todd's eyes immediately lit up at the change in my behaviour.

"Fine, fine, fine, I’ll lift it just a bit.” I sighed dejectedly.

Since I was pretty sure that he had never been this close in proximity to another girl besides me in his life for more than a second, I gave in and hoped that showing him a little skin would get me out of this situation.

Reaching down, I held onto the hem of my yellow sundress and lifted it just an inch to reveal a little more of my creamy pale thighs.

Todd had his eyes glued on my legs and immediately asked to see more.

I just wanted him out of my room, so I lifted more to about an inch below my butt.

“Honestly, Kate, this isn’t enough. For this much showing I’d just rather tell.”

I bit my lip cringingly.

Taking a breath and I lifted a bit more, exposing the bottom of my pussy.

Todd just smiled, this being the third time he had ever seen a real life girl’s pussy - with all of those experiences being humiliatingly all from me, the girl he was fantasizing his whole life about.

“Come on now, just show the whole thing to me and I’ll keep my end of the deal. I promise.”

Todd winked.

Against my better judgement, I pulled the sundress a bit higher up to my hips.

We were facing each other and now he had a full view of my naked pussy.

I was about to cry in shame.

I kept my legs tight together but he could easily see the front of my plump pussy lips and the camel toe that was forming between my legs as a result.

My face was red with absolute embarrassment at the reality of exposing myself “willingly” like this in front of a creep like him.

Todd was entranced and just kept staring at it in awe.

“Okay Todd, I think you’ve had enough of a look..” I said, already lowering the dress to cover myself again.

“No! My face really hurts, and I’m pretty sure it will leave a mark for a few days at least.” he argued back.

I looked at his chubby face and it was looking pretty bad with a bruise already forming. I was slightly impressed with myself, I had been an outside hitter in volleyball and really smacked him as hard as I could.

“I just wanna see a little more, then I’m gone, I promise.”

I shot an angry look at him.

“You said that before, you idiot.” I mentioned, shaking my head.

However, I had no choice in this matter. I lifted the sundress back up, this time higher past my belly button and over my large breasts. Todd kept oggling my now fully exposed body with that stupid satisfied smile on his face while I just held the dress up like that, displaying myself to a person I hated more than anyone at that moment.

“Seen enough!?” I asked irritated.

"Just give me five minutes to touch you and that’s it.”

“No way!” I instinctively crossed an arm over my breasts and a hand cupping my pussy.

“Okay, I’ll drop the facade now. Kate, you don’t get any choice in this regardless because Mitch and Ryan both explained to me your.. hilarious shower photography situation.

So whether you are willing or not, while I have not seen the photos, the brothers will do whatever they threaten as soon as I tell them you are acting bratty and disobedient. Come on, just five to ten minutes and that’s it, I swear!”

I was crushed.

Five to ten minutes!? I knew that my body was already reacting to this total humiliation and beneath the hand cupping my pussy from his view, I could feel the wetness building.

“Seven minutes, I’ll be counting them and that’s it!” I spat out.

I couldn’t believe that I agreed to seven whole minutes but I had made an assumption going for the bare minimum time would only result in a longer length of mortification.

I had already exposed my naked body to him, so if I could have him out of here as efficiently as possible with him keeping his mouth shut forever, it was worth it.

Todd stepped in closer and put his hands out, not knowing where or what to touch first.

Like a kid in a candy shop, he went for the closest thing he could have his chubby hands on.

He cupped my breasts with both hands and gave them a slight squeeze. Noting their firmness and squeezed some more, this time harder. I just stood there keeping my dress lifted and looked the other way. I could see in the corner of my vision how dilated his pupils were when he touched real female breasts for the second time in his life.

He then released his grip and rubbed my nipples with his thumbs.

I immediately squirmed at the sensitivity and I felt my thighs begin to tremble below.

Todd noticed that I had an involuntary reaction to that and tried it again.

My sensitive nipples were getting hard and this encouraged him even more.

He pinched them a few times and they got even harder, grabbing them between his fingers and starting to roll them, slow at first and then faster while pulling outwards and squeezing tighter.

“Ouch, that hurts! Please stop that.” I lied, trying to pull away from his fingers.

I hated that it wasn’t fully pain that I felt but pure pleasure coursing through my body. It felt like electric shocks were coming directly to my vagina from my nipples.

“My time’s not up yet, you know.” he said, continuing his assault on my left breast with one hand.

I bit hard on my lower lip and shut my eyes when he trailed his other hand down my tummy and onto a very dangerous place where I had to actively keep myself from making any noises.

Brushing against it teasingly, he reached around my body and instead grabbed onto my bottom cheeks, groping it and jiggling its heft with his palm.

I’m pretty sure he didn’t have a plan for what he was doing and assumed he knew that he had to feel as much as he could in his remaining time.

So, without hesitation he reached with his hand back around down onto my pussy, pushing my legs apart and cupping onto my pussy mound with his entire palm.

I flinched a little uncomfortably at this almost collapsing from my standing position, having to steady myself on his shoulder with one of my hands.

I had not lost count in my head and there were still four minutes left of this nightmare! I wanted to escape so badly but I stood still knowing that it would eventually be over.

He began to rub up and down the entire length of my opening with special attention to my ever sensitive clitoris.

“Kate, you’re sooo… wet down here. Why this reaction every time? Do you get off on being humiliated like this?” he smirked while continuing to mash his fingers up and down my pussy lips.

I didn’t reply.

Taking up in my wetness, Todd took his soaked hand up to his mouth for a brief moment and tasted it.

“You’re disgusting!” I cringed.

“Mhmmm, who knew that stuck-up Kate Meyer’s pussy would be so sweet tasting!” he laughed mockingly.

I’m sure the bastard must have been in absolute heaven with his hands on a naked girl for the second time in his life. The same girl that he’s been drooling over for the past years since he became friends with my little brothers and started hanging around here.

His chubby fingers started exploring between my lips and I gasped out loud when his hand parted my folds and two of his fingers easily slipped inside.

I pulled away quickly and dropped my dress back over my body even though he still had his two fingers hooked inside me with a “come hither” movement.

If I didn’t stop him soon, stroking my g-spot like this was going to make me cum.


“That’s it, time is up. Now get the hell out of my bedroom!”

“You know, for an upcoming highschool senior and future nurse, you’re very bad at counting. I think I was counting on four minutes, but since you clearly forgot, I’ll say we still have five minutes left.”

I wanted so badly to slap him again.

I hung in my head in shame, letting out an exasperated sigh that accidentally sounded more like a moan because HIS FINGERS WERE STILL AGONIZINGLY INSIDE ME!


“Here, let me do you a good one. How about you take off your dress all the way, get down your back, pull down my bottoms, and get me off while I get you off?

If we both climax before the five minutes, I’ll let you out early. Fair enough?” Todd offered.

My face went from aroused and red to completely pale at this request.

I hesitantly looked down and noticed a large bulge in his shorts before I looked back up into his eyes that showed me he was serious.

I hated the bloody bastard. I didn’t want to let him win, but I did want him out as soon as I could. Besides, as much as I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction, the reality was that I was on the edge of cumming on his fingers irregardless.


"Fine, let’s get this over with.”


I gripped onto the bottom of my dress and pulled it over my head which left me completely naked from head to toe.

Kneeling down at first, I reached out and pulled his shorts down to his knees to see his fat bulge poking from behind his boxers. I almost gagged at the sight of precum soaking the fabric where his tip was.

I put out my hand to grip it over Todd’s boxers before he interrupted me.

“Oh no, that won’t do. You have to take them off all the way!” he demanded.

I would have gone for 10 million exhausting volleyball footwork drills than be in this moment and see what Todd’s bulge looked like under his boxers.

Already regretting my decision, I put my hands in his underwear and pulled it down.

As the waist band passed over his penis, it popped out and pointed up straight at me.

He was already leaking and rock hard. I wanted to die because I knew it was because of me.

Todd was fairly large, it was almost comical how it contrasted with his short fat body but I didn’t let that thought out to him.

His balls were very tight, like he hadn’t ejaculated in forever, although he also seemed like the kind of guy that would masturbate three times a day.

I grabbed the shaft with one hand and he flinched, then I rubbed it a bit and his breathing immediately intensified. His face was red and I could feel his pulse in my hand.

I wasn’t really trying to give him any pleasure in this, but I didn’t want this to be longer than it needed to, so I just started moving my hand up and down along the entire length of his stiff erection.


While I did this, Todd suddenly pushed me onto the floor so I was lying on my back while he knelt down above me.

I spread my legs open voluntarily for him so we could just get this done as soon as possible but it was mostly because I was really desperate to cum.

While he put his left hand on my breast to toy with my nipple and steady himself, his right hand shot towards my pussy and re-entered into that frustratingly slow “come hither” motion against my g-spot.

I couldn’t help but whimper through my attempts to keep quiet in fear of the boys outside coming in. I hoped their rowdy laughs and the movie they were playing was enough to silence them from barging in on us like this.

Todd just kept looking intensely at my hand and at what I was doing to him, already beginning to let out soft moans. His dream was coming true, he was being given a handjob by his number one most fantasized person.

After some time a few grunts escaped his mouth and I knew he was close. I was quite certain that this was the first time any girl has touched him in this way, or any other way for that matter.

I started moving my hand faster in sync with his fingers inside my pussy and after a few more fast strokes I felt it pulsate in my hand.

I tried directing it away from my body, but he was so stiff that I couldn’t bend it at all, so the first jet of liquid went straight onto my heaving chest followed by more jets on my neck and down my hand.

As soon as he stopped ejaculating I let go of him, still erect and pointing up. He was breathing hard and just looked down at his now satisfied part and at my cum coated body.

He looked down at me in disbelief.

Finally after some silence, he broke it saying, “wow, I’ve never had anyone do that for me before, that was amazing, I mean…”

“You stopped.”

“What?”

“I still need to cum, I can’t believe I’m asking this but I am because I really need to fucking cum. So, put your fingers back inside me and get me off, you idiot!” I yelled at him, annoyed.

Lost in his orgasm, he completely forgot about getting me off and stopped abruptly which was not a pleasant sensation. My legs were shaking and the only thing on my mind was having my climax and relieving the tension inside me.

I continued to yell at him, my voice shaking with heavy breaths and voice breaks.

“Just shut up about how I gave you a handjob and get me off. You’ve got what you wanted and more than we agreed on and this is all I want right now.. please.” I begged.


It hurt me that I had just willingly asked him to finger me.

I knew the truth at that moment. I loved being humiliated. I loved being blackmailed. I loved being punished. It turned me on like nothing else and the evidence was only more present at the way my pussy was leaking in arousal right now.


However, instead of doing the deal we set out to do and him potentially gaining the satisfaction of making me cum on all his efforts, Todd just pulled his underwear up, then his shorts, and opened the door.

“W-what are you doing?!” I whisper shouted at him.

Todd smiled softly.

“Yeah.. uh, I was never actually going to get you off. Mitch and Ryan both explained some plans to me and spanking you as you got up from cleaning the soda spill was intentional.

They have no actual will to let you cum, neither are you allowed to make yourself cum by yourself. Infact, you no longer have the right to cum or touch yourself unless it's with their permission.”

NO! This can’t be happening to me.

Even if it was a creep like Todd, I was so desperate it almost hurt not to have release.

“Please don’t make me do this. I need to cum.” I opened my spread legs even wider for him while he stood above me.

Todd bit his lip and I knew he was fighting against the spirit of the entire group’s mission but he stood firm in this moment.

“Oh, and don’t even think about touching yourself here, your brothers told me to tell you to get out and continue today’s chores around the house while also being a waitress for us, so you aren't allowed to hide in your room.

Also, while it will cover up more of your most vulnerable areas, Mitch and Ryan also mentioned that you need only wear this pair of bra and panties, we think it’ll stop you from touching yourself so easily.”

I groaned frustratingly at this news, even if I was relieved that I won’t be naked under a short dress.. I wouldn’t even be wearing it anyways.

Todd pulled out a matching set of lacy blue lingerie with a bra that looked a little small for my breasts and cheeky panties that were very revealing of my bottom. Of course, these panties would probably reveal my camel toe too.

I hated how full my pussy lips were, they were my biggest insecurity with any kind of firm fitting pants and were always a concern of mine when playing volleyball in tight shorts.

It would also be plainly obvious if I tried to masturbate with panties on or slide my fingers under and finish myself off! How long would I be left like this?!

“I’m going to go join the other boys, let you clean yourself up, and change in privacy. I wouldn’t keep your brothers waiting too long though or they’ll get suspicious.” Todd smiled and left through my bedroom door.

Funny, he was almost acting courteous.


In all reality they were all helping themselves, helping themselves to my delicate situation and my young inexperienced body.

I looked at my full length mirror and stepped in front of it.

I looked disgraceful.

My chest was covered in the fluid of a younger someone who should have had no right to use me like this. My neck and my hand were covered in the same disgusting liquid.

I lifted my hand to my nose and sniffed it. I didn’t like the smell, that I was sure of, but it made me feel really strange. I was getting.. Flushed?

No. I couldn’t be getting aroused at this too!

What was happening to me?

I hated what just happened, I hated the smell on my hand, the fact that it was on me made me sick, but my body was reacting differently, exactly the opposite of what I felt was right.

I hated what I saw.

What was wrong with me?! Why did I just do this? It didn’t seem arousing by any means. I hated the little bastard, I didn’t want to touch him and I wanted to run and wash my hands as soon as he ejaculated on me.

I let out a discouraged sigh then I wiped myself using my dress and began to put the selected lingerie on.

It was crazy how I had changed. I had begun to crave this sexual exploration now.

As I walked out of my bedroom, this time, I realized that being humiliated really did turn me on - and that frightened me like nothing else.

