PHILLIP'S STORY
Chapter 2
"Conversations at the Dinner Table"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years 

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories
 
"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please, respect the integrity of this story and don't rewrite"
 

Conversations at the Dinner Table:

My birthday dinner is a lively and enjoyable affair for the three of us. But I imagine it is less so for Phillip. 

Uncle Kyle is placed at the top of the table and my father sits facing him at the opposite end. I sit on the right side and in the past Phillip would've sat opposite me, uncomfortably clothed, awkwardly silent and picking at his food. But then, I'd thought of Phillip as a manservant and companion to my uncle. Today, I was told the truth about Phillip. He is Uncle Kyle's white slave.

Phillip the slave is now a silent witness to our meal and a mute listener to our conversation. 

Today, he stands some five or six feet to the left of his Master and faces us with his hands clasped behind his back and his legs planted some fifteen to eighteen inches apart. His eyes are focused resolutely on the table anticipating our every need as we eat. Phillip is naked and his stance affords the three of us an excellent view of his cock and balls. I'm distracted by this and my gaze keeps wandering back to Phillip and this doesn't go unnoticed by my uncle.

"Phillip is quite delightful isn't he Jon? Do you like what you see?"

How do I answer my uncle's very leading question? Of course Phillip is delightful and the sight of his naked body excites me. It's as well for me that I am sitting with my legs under the table. My pony is saddled up and ready to bolt and furiously kicking at his stable door for release. I struggle to retain my composure and to sound non-committal as I answer.

"Yes he is Uncle Kyle. Does he always stand naked like that while you eat your meals?"

"Jon, Phillip is always naked in front of me - it's his natural state. I wouldn't have him any other way nor would Phillip want to be dressed.  He's well used to going without clothes and is quite comfortable in his nudity. That's so isn't it Phillip?"

"Yes Master! It's an honour for you to see me naked."

"Good boy!"

Uncle Kyle's acknowledgement of Phillip is both dismissive and patronising and I wonder how Phillip feels about this. Does he feel slighted or humiliated by my uncle's treatment of him? Surely he must do so. I know I would feel great resentment towards any man who treated me like this. And I know I would show my displeasure by answering back. But then I realise Phillip isn't me. I am a black superior and he is an inferior white and he has voluntarily accepted his status as my uncle's slave. How did that come about?  Phillip puzzles me very much. Today, Phillip has aroused my curiosity in so many ways. He presents me with so many questions that I want answered and I must know more about him.

Uncle Kyle, why is Phillip standing in that position? Do you make him stand like that?"

"Indeed I do Jon! There are various `slave' positions that he must assume. I set these very early on in our relationship and trained him into them. It was very much a situation of `trial and error' and `practice and punishment' at first but eventually I managed to instil them into him. Now of course they are so deeply ingrained into his consciousness that he does them instinctively. He's currently in the modified display position that he maintains as I eat."

"What do you mean by modified display and why do you make him stand like that?"

"Earlier today when I first presented him to you, he stood at `full display' with his hands behind his neck. That's a bit too formal for the dining room - and I should think it would be uncomfortable for Phillip to stand like that for too long - so I allow him to `stand easy' in-between serving me. Why do I have him stand like that?  Jon, I thought that would be obvious. Phillip provides me with eye candy as I dine. It's so that I can look at his cock and balls. And you have to admit they are quite an eyeful." 

Indeed they are an eyeful and I can't take my own eyes away from them. The room is comfortably warm and Phillip is relaxed. His scrotum is soft and pliable and hangs loosely from his body. His two, larger than average balls swing pendulously between his outstretched legs and they are hanging low; this evening, Phillip is living testimony to the expression - `low hangers.' His cock is cut and I guess its length - in the resting position - at somewhere between three to four inches and I do wonder about its full potential when he is aroused. The cock sits slightly askew on top of his ball sac and I notice the occasional stirrings of life as it gives either a slight twitch or an involuntary jerk. The flaring, mushroom shaped cock head has a prominent `eye' that gives it a cheeky appearance and yes, Phillip is an eyeful and I envy my uncle in his possession of such a desirable white slave. 

We have finished our first course of a delicious, light French onion soup and Phillip moves quickly and silently to clear away and make ready for the next course. I know from past experience that Phillip is an excellent cook and if the soup is anything to go by then I look forward to the next course. I'm not to know that Uncle Kyle had carefully chosen tonight's menu especially for me and given Phillip specific instructions as to how it's to be prepared. 

We continue talking as we wait for Phillip's return but he seems to be inordinately slow in bringing in the main course. Uncle Kyle is a stickler for punctuality and correct procedure and I sense something is amiss with him. I know my uncle's moods and I can tell by the impatient drumming of his fingers on the table that he is becoming annoyed.  Grumpily, he mutters something that sounds very much like.

"What's that slave up to? What on earth is he doing? Really this is too much." 

Finally, his patience exhausted, he excuses himself and hurries out to the kitchen.

"Excuse me while I go and see what's delaying our main course. Really Phillip's behaviour is inexcusable." 

My father looks at me and winks knowingly.

"I think Phillip is in trouble. He's upset his Master and he'll pay dearly for that."

We listen to my uncle's angry admonishment of his slave. His words are indistinct but their intent is all too plain. And my father is correct - Phillip is in trouble. What has he done to incur Uncle Kyle's wrath? I strain vainly to hear my uncle's loud questioning of Phillip but his anger makes his word unintelligible and Phillip's replies are barely audible and they are interspersed with a series of loud, slapping sounds. Obviously Uncle Kyle has found it necessary to chastise his slave. 

Uncle Kyle resumes his seat as Phillip hurriedly brings the next course to the table. I watch Phillip as he serves my uncle before moving to my father's end. Phillip is crestfallen and his face is suffused a bright crimson. I wonder is this because of his shame at his very public humiliation at my uncle's hands or is it because of his disappointment at `letting down' his Master. Perhaps there are elements of both. 

Then I notice the darker splotches on both sides of his face that give evidence to it be slapped - hard. And as he walks towards my father I also see the bright red imprints of my uncle's hand super imposed over the cane stripes on his ass. The slave is walking proof of his Master's anger. 

"What was the problem? What has the boy done?"

My father's use of `boy' to describe Phillip takes me by surprise. As far as I know, Phillip is roughly equivalent in age to my father and uncle and to call him `boy' seems derogatory and highly offensive. I'm yet to learn the etiquette that governs the rules for addressing a slave. I will learn that for a slave the word `slave' is interchangeable with his `given' name or the name his Master permits him to have. And that my father is correct in his use of `boy' to refer to Phillip. It is normal practice to speak of another man's slave as `boy'. But my father's use of it for the first time in my presence sounds so demeaning. 

"Rather it was a case of what he'd not done. He'd not carried out my instructions." My uncle's anger with Phillip is still evident. "I'd gone to the trouble this morning of instructing him precisely on how I wanted things done this evening. I'd told him tonight's dinner was special to me as it is Jon's birthday and I wanted things to flow smoothly. I'd carefully chosen the menu and given him instructions on its preparation and he failed me."

"How did he fail you? Everything looks alright to me." My father glances at his plate but persists with his question."

"He'd forgotten to make the gravy beforehand as I'd instructed him to do this morning.  That's the reason for the delay in serving us. He'd been instructed this morning that I wanted no delays in between the courses. When I went out to see what was holding him up he was hurriedly making it and no doubt hoping that I was too busy entertaining you to notice. I caught him red-handed in his dereliction of duty. Stupid slave apologised and told me he'd forgotten. Forgotten! I'll teach him not to forget. He'll be punished later for his lack of attention to my instructions."

"How will you punish him Kyle?  Will you give him another caning?"

"No, not this time I afraid! He was caned yesterday for his slackness. That should have smartened him up and made him more attentive. Apparently it didn't. Tonight's episode calls for something more drastic. I'll use the whip on him tonight."

Phillip is standing on my left serving me as Uncle Kyle speaks of the whip. I notice his barely audible gasp and the slight trembling in his arms as he places my plate on the table before me. Obviously the whip frightens him.

His close proximity to me is unsettling. His naked body is just inches away from me and I have to force myself to resist the urge to reach out and fondle him. His genitals are that enticing. He has a delicious, manly smell about him; it is faintly suggestive of the soap and shaving cream that he obviously uses in the shower. The threat of the whip is causing him to sweat slightly and the pheromones his fear releases intoxicate me. Beneath the table my own cock strains uncomfortably and its wild throbbing borders on the almost painful. My need for release is desperate and uppermost in my thoughts is the one that this beautiful white `boy' serves my uncle as a slave. At that moment, I solemnly promise myself that I too will own a white slave of my own just as soon as it is practical for me to do so. But tonight, I envy my Uncle Kyle. 

The thought that Phillip is to be whipped doesn't help to settle me. In fact, it just heightens the precariousness of my `situation'. The realisation that my uncle has this power over Phillip is an intoxicating and highly charged one. The notion that a black superior can do this to a white slave only adds to my growing belief in the tenets of Black Rule. Is it really the true destiny of the black man is to have sovereignty over the white man?  Is it pre-ordained for the black man to be the Master and is it the natural order of things for the white man to serve him as his slave?

On my eighteenth birthday, I now accept my manifest destiny is one day to possess my own white slave like my Uncle Kyle. 

Phillip busies himself pouring wine into our glasses. He is most solicitous as he does so and it obvious from looking at him that he is shattered by his Master's displeasure with him. His eyes are brimming with his tears and I suppose they are caused by his fear of the whip. But I am wrong. If I could read his mind I would see that this isn't so. His tears aren't for him; they are for his Master and the embarrassment he has caused him. He is profoundly disappointed that he has shamed his Master in front of his guests. 

Soon, I'll realise there is so much I don't know about a slave's state of mind and that there is much I'm yet to learn. But discovering these things will be exciting as I begin my journey of self-discovery on the road to one day becoming a black Master. 

Phillip has regained his composure and is standing once more at his Master's side in the modified display position. His eyes are fixed firmly on us as we eat and he only breaks position to step forward to top up our wine glasses. He does this without prompting from my uncle and obviously he is well trained in anticipating the needs of his Master's guests.  

The main course is scrumptious and consists of my favourite meal of tender roast beef, Yorkshire pudding, baked potatoes and green vegetables. Obviously the menu was chosen with me in mind and Phillip - superb chef that he is - has surpassed himself. The meat is tender and melts in my mouth and, unthinkingly, I compliment Phillip on it. 

"Phillip, this meal is great. Thank you!"

Uncle Kyle gently rebukes me for my faux pas.

"Jon, you never thank a slave for his services." He chides. "Remember a slave is only carrying out his Master's instructions and doesn't require thanking for doing so. That is expected of him. I know all this is very new to you but you do need to remember it is the Master you compliment and not his slave. Some could see this as a breach of etiquette."

"I'm sorry Uncle Kyle." My answer is contrite. "I didn't mean any offence, really I didn't."

"I know you didn't Jon and no offence is taken. Take it as a lesson learnt. My boy, there is so much you need to know and understand about keeping a slave of your own. Is there anything you want to ask me about Phillip?"

"Yes Uncle Kyle. There are so many things I want to know and so many questions I want to ask."

"Then fire away! Don't be shy, you can ask me anything you want and I'll answer truthfully."

"Well for a start. Who chose the menu for this evening's dinner? It's my favourite and it's delicious."

"I did Jon. As I do with the rest of the menu. Every Friday night I give Phillip the menu for the next week and a list of the food we need and then Saturday morning he shops for it."

"Does Phillip ever get sick? And what happens if he does, Uncle Kyle?"

"Good question, Jon. Phillip rarely ever gets sick - he's disgustingly healthy, thank goodness. But I do take him to the slave vet for an annual check-up and a `flu vaccination. So that keeps him in good shape and of course his outdoor duties keep him fit."

"You take him to a veterinarian - like a pet animal?'

"Sorry Jon! It's a figure of speech. No I take him to a real doctor who in addition to his usual patients caters for a special clientele like me; Masters who own slaves. Of course he handles slaves differently to his more regular patients and when he treats them he sees himself more of a vet than a doctor and likes to be called such. He is a slave owner himself so he understands the special needs of a Master. We Masters refer to the doctor as a slave vet." 

"That's so humiliating, Uncle Kyle. That's treating a slave as though he is a pet animal."

"Well in some Masters' eyes there's not much difference between their slaves and their pets. Jon your questions are good ones and they show an intelligent interest. Do you have any more you want to ask?"

"OK then! Why are you whipping Phillip? That seems harsh punishment for such a trivial matter as forgetting to make the gravy."

From my question it could appear that I have a degree of sympathy for Phillip. But this isn't so. My question is prompted by my need to know more about his upcoming punishment. And as I think about this, I wish I could be present to witness to it. 

"It's true that forgetting to make the gravy is only a minor offence, Jon. But that's not the issue here. The real issue is that Phillip did not obey my orders. I'd gone to great pains to stress to him how I wanted things done this evening and that should have been an end to the matter. Caught out by me, he tells me he forgot to make the gravy earlier. That tells me he wasn't paying attention to my instructions to him or he was simply being slack. Neither is an option for him. A slave needs to be alert to his Master's needs and instructions at all times. And normally Phillip is and this is completely out of character for him. But that's not an excuse and he needs to be chastised for ignoring my instructions to him.  This is his real crime. And normally, I would only cane him for such an offence."

"Then what's so different this time, Uncle Kyle?

"Well, if you look at the stripes on his ass you'll see he was caned only yesterday for his tardiness in carrying out his duties. That caning should have refocused his mind on giving me his complete attention. Obviously it didn't so I need to resort to more drastic measures to ensure he does so in future. The cane didn't work for him yesterday; perhaps the whip will tonight. I have to say Phillip hates the whip. Isn't that so slave?"

"Yes Master! I'm so sorry, Master."  The dejected slave's fear of the whip is evident in his response.

Poor Phillip! He looks so forlorn. But in view of what Uncle Kyle is saying Phillip's punishment is justified. The slave has only himself to blame.  

"Jon, one day when you have your own slave, you'll realise the necessity to use punishment as a tool in your training of him. The slave needs to understand that the Master's word is law and any non-compliance with it is unpardonable. You have to raise a slave's consciousness to such a level that he expects to be punished whenever he disobeys or offends you. You know the old grandmothers' saying about sparing the rod and spoiling the child. Well that applies equally to a slave. You never spare the cane if its use is warranted."

"Well then, Uncle Kyle. Who sets the rules for a slave's behaviour? Are they written down anywhere? Is there a rule book?" 

"Jon, there are no rules in a Master/slave relationship other than those the Master puts in place. Certainly there are some `universal laws' that are common to most Masters and their slaves and you'll be exposed to these in your future dealings with Phillip. But remember it is the Master who sets the rules to reflect his lifestyle, his desires and his needs. Other than complete obedience to those rules set by his Master, a slave doesn't have any input. Everything is done at the Master's instigation. Always remember that, Jon in your future dealing with slaves."

"I will! Thank you Uncle Kyle."

"There's one other very important point your need to know Jon. Always be fair in your treatment of a slave. Never abuse him needlessly. We black Masters have an enviable reputation to uphold. Our white slaves see us as stern in our expectations but fair in our treatment of them and they respond positively to that and it gives them a feeling of stability. Never punish a slave capriciously; to do so borders on the sadistic and will work against you. It will only confuse the slave and eventually, he'll grow to hate you and this will sour your loving relationship with him. Only ever use punishment as a means of correcting bad or unacceptable behaviour. If you do this the slave will come to realise you're acting in his best interests. And really a slave knows when he's misbehaved and he'll fully expect to be punished for his misdemeanours. And never disappoint a slave by not punishing him or he'll think poorly of you as his Master." 

"WOW! Uncle Kyle, there's so much to learn and remember. I don't know that I ever will."

"Of course you will Jon. Given time and experience I know you'll make an excellent Master for some lucky slave. Just think, somewhere in the city there's a white boy waiting for you to enslave him. Jon if you do go down this path just use your common sense. Really that's all it takes to have a relationship similar to one that I share with Phillip."

"OK, uncle! I see that you are very happy. But what about Phillip - is he happy too?"

"Why don't you ask him for yourself?"

"Are you happy, Phil......, boy?"  

I correct my question. I'm surprised! It seems so natural for me to address Phillip not by name but simply as `boy'. I find this so empowering and I know this will now be my favourite form of address to my uncle's slave.

Phillip looks to his Master for guidance and my uncle gives him permission to answer my question.

"You may answer Sir Jon, slave!"

"Sir Jon, thank you for asking about my happiness. And I couldn't be happier. My life revolves around my Master. He is at the very centre of my life and my true happiness comes from serving him as his slave. My real life began for me the day I became Master's slave. Sir Jon, I love my Master with every fibre of my being." 

Phillip's answer rings true. There is sincerity in his voice as he answers my question. He really does love his Master and he is genuinely happy and I need only to look into his face to see this is so. I'm touched by his devotion and loyalty to Uncle Kyle and I wonder if I'll ever have such a slave of my own. I would count myself fortunate to own a slave such as Phillip. 

"Tell me boy? Do you ever feel shamed or humiliated?'

"Forgive me, Sir Jon! I'm not sure what you mean by that? I'm sorry."

"Well what are your feelings when I call you boy? Or your Master calls you slave."

"Sir Jon. I'm a slave. I'm not supposed to have feelings on these things."

I feel the slave is being evasive and not really answering my questions. Obviously Uncle Kyle feels this too. He speaks abruptly to Phillip.

"Sir Jon asked you a question. Answer him!"

Phillip has the good grace to blush as he blurts out his apology.

"I'm so sorry, Sir Jon. Normally I don't feel anything when I'm called `boy' by my Superiors. Once it was a problem for me and I used to show my resentment. But Master trained me out of my bad habit of doing so. Sometimes even now there are odd occasions when my `white pride' shows through but Master always knows when this happens and, quite rightly, he corrects me. But I'm always honoured when Master calls me `slave'. I'm proud to be his slave and he pays me a compliment by calling me that especially in the company of other Black Superiors. It's a public acknowledgement that he owns me and that I belong to him. I am my Master's proud slave, Sir Jon." 

I note Phillip's candour about his pride in belonging to my uncle. And his comment about `white pride' intrigues me. Years ago, when I thought only of Phillip as Uncle Kyle's manservant, I was contemptuous of his apparent `lack of self-respect'. Then, it had seemed so demeaning to me that any proud man would engage in such menial work. Tonight, I can't help but contrast my perceived notion of that absence of pride in one whom I'd thought of as a paid servant to the retention of some white pride by an owned slave. To my mind these two attitudes are diametrical opposites and they interest me. I want to pursue this further but other things intervene to cut short my conversation with Phillip. Perhaps I will continue this conversation at some later time.

We have finished eating our main course and Phillip hurries to clear away the plates and cutlery prior to serving us with desserts. I watch as Phillip walks towards the kitchen carrying the plates with a well-balanced ease. My gaze is centred on the curves of his shapely ass. As he walks the undulations of his buttocks emphasise the red stripes of yesterday's caning. And as I look at the rippling muscles in his back I reflect it too will soon wear the marks of his Master's displeasure.  

"Uncle Kyle, when does Phillip eat? And what does he eat?"

"Phillip always eats after I've finished dining. He's required to stand at my side whilst I eat and once I've finished, and he has cleared away, he retires to the kitchen where I allow him time to eat - but he must be quick about it. I don't want him wasting time. What does my slave eat? Why he eats the leftovers from the meal of course."

"So he never eats with you in the dining-room?"

"No, Phillip never eats with me when we are alone. His place is standing at the kitchen bench and eating there. Of course, there are some exceptions when we have visits from family or friends who aren't aware of our living arrangements."

"Like when dad and I visited before today, Uncle Kyle?"

"Yes, Jon!" 

Our conversation is temporarily interrupted by Phillip's return. I wait as he moves from my uncle to my father and then to me placing our desserts on the table before us. Then he resumes his position at Uncle Kyle's side. I have noticed there is a pattern in the way Phillip serves me. He places a full plate before me from my left side and removes the empty one from my right. It appears very controlled and it is a reflection of my uncle's refined, good taste. 

"So Phillip has to stand to eat his meals? Why?"

"Well Jon, a slave doesn't have time to sit if he's gainfully employed. Idleness in a slave in an undesirable trait; it encourages laziness. So in answer to your question - Phillip eats his meals on his feet and he eats them quickly."

"Well then does Phillip ever get to sit down, Uncle Kyle?"

"I only him allow to sit very rarely, Jon. And then he sits or kneels on the floor at my feet." 

"Why on the floor?"

"It's proper for him to do so, Jon. A slave's place is at his Master's feet. Anyway, I don't want him sitting on my expensive furniture and soiling it with his perspiration and body oils. And being naked all the time, I don't want him shedding hair all over the place.  That's one reason why I keep him smooth and of course his slave's smoothness is ascetically pleasing to my eye." 

So does Phillip ever get to relax? Do you allow him to watch TV, read newspapers or a book?"

"Phillip doesn't have time for such things, Jon. Why, reading would cut into his time; time which is better employed in serving me.  But he does sometimes join me as I watch TV. But even when he relaxes he still serves me as a slave."

"How does he serve you, Uncle Kyle?"

"Well Jon," my uncle laughs, "I have him kneel on all fours and he serves either as my foot-stool or as an occasional table. His back is broad and it's amazing how much I can place on it. The slave must learn to remain perfectly still to ensure there are no unfortunate accidents liked spilled drinks. Of course, it takes a lot of practice for a slave before he becomes a `stable table'. It seemed to take forever before Phillip managed to achieve his stability and there were many occasions when he had a sore ass as encouragement to do better. Now he can maintain his position `rock solid' without any shaking. And at other times he'll lay full length on his back and I use him as a footrest. The rise and fall of his chest and belly have a soothing effect on my tired feet. It's almost like a massage."

I can't believe this! Before today, and never in my wildest imagination, could I contemplate that one man could use another one so humiliatingly. But then I remind myself that Phillip isn't a man in the true sense of the word; he is only a slave. I picture Phillip on all fours with my uncle's feet placed across his back or alternatively with a can of beer or a plate of nibbles resting upon it. I suppose Phillip must remain motionless throughout and I marvel at his endurance and patience. Does he feel shame as he serves his Master in such a degrading manner?

All this is too much for my now overworked cock. It throbs with such intensity and strains at the constriction of my clothing.  Its screams for relief; a relief I want so much to give it - but can't. This is just too much. After all there is just so much that flesh and blood can bear and I'm almost at the point of no return. I will my wayward cock to behave but it disobeys me. I feel the first minor spurts and embarrassingly, I know I'm leaking. 

Phillip steps forward to top up Uncle Kyle's wine glass. As he does so my uncle places his hand on his slave's ass and `kneads' it - tenderly and lovingly. Phillip gives a sigh of pleasure and wriggles his ass in appreciation of his Master's attention to it. Or is it an invitation to his Master to go further?  Phillip's behaviour is skittish and I wonder do all slaves behave like this. Do slaves usually exhibit such sluttish tendencies in front of their Masters? Phillip's invitation doesn't go unrewarded. 

I am envious of my uncle as I watch him play with Phillip's ass. I want so much to do the same. I'm not sure if I should be watching or turning away. But I continue to watch my uncle's dinnertime interlude with his slave. Then Uncle Kyle gives Phillip's ass a series playful slaps - the sounds of which echo erotically - and tells him to attend to my father and me. 

My uncle is aware of my interest and comments.

"You know Jon, I find Phillip's ass irresistible and there are times when I can't keep my hands off of it. It is after all one of his better features and is a source of much pleasure to me. Of course, this is as a slave's ass should be. As no doubt you'll find out for yourself when you have your own slave."

I can hardly wait! That day won't come quick enough for me. My uncle's words strike a chord with me and I promise myself that I will possess my own white slave at the earliest opportunity. 

Phillip is at my side and he leans forward to top up my wine glass. His ass is just inches from me - tempting me to reach out and touch it. The urge to do so is strong but I'm unsure of the protocols of touching another man's slave without his permission. So I resist the temptation but those delicious, curvaceous buttocks continue to taunt me. 

Fortunately my uncle resumes his conversation about Phillip.

"Tell me Jon, did you watch the recent series of `Spartacus: Blood and Sand' on TV?"

"Yes I did Uncle Kyle. It was a great series and I can hardly wait for the second season to begin. Did you watch it?"

"Yes, both Phillip and I watched it. It was one show that I allowed Phillip to watch in its entity. Usually, Phillip TV `duties' don't allow him to see what's on the screen. When he's on his hands and knees he can hear what's going on but he can't always watch. I like to have Phillip placed so that his balls and hole are fully exposed to my view; they make a great diversion during the commercial breaks. But because of the subject matter in Spartacus I allowed Phillip to watch each episode in its entirety."

Did you enjoy the show Uncle Kyle?"

"Yes I did Jon. But Phillip enjoyed it more I think. He told me he identified with the theme of white gladiator slaves being controlled by the black Doctore. He was Phillip's favourite character and he loved the way the Doctore used his whip to gain the attention of the white slaves. As a white slave to a black Master, Phillip was able to identify with that show."

The mind of a slave puzzles me. I realise my `newness' to the concept of voluntary slavery shows in my naivety but its Uncle Kyle's comment that Phillip `loved the way the Doctore used his whip' that puzzles me. How could anyone love the threat of the Doctore's whip? In time I will become better acquainted with the way slaves think. I'll learn they do crave humiliation, shame and pain but at the same time fear them. I will learn that slaves anticipate these things in equal measures of needing and trepidation. I will come to understand that some slaves are `turned on' by this longing for humiliation and pain and yet these also strike fear into them. One day, I'll understand these can lie at the very heart of a slave's consciousness.  

"Jon, I notice you have nearly finished your dessert. Would you like some ice-cream to finish off?"

Obviously, my uncle hasn't forgotten my fondness for ice-cream.

"Yes please, uncle."

Uncle Kyle sends Phillip to the kitchen to fetch me my ice-cream. He hurries off and quickly returns - and I think how the threat of the whip has `smartened' him up - with a very large serve of my favourite flavoured ice-creams in a crystal dish. I recall how when I was a boy, Phillip had always given me generous serves of ice-cream and it would appear nothing has changed since then. He leans forward and places the dish on the table before me and once more his ass is in close proximity to me. I really do have to fight the temptation to reach out and touch it.  

For some reason, I think back to that occasion many years ago when I'd asked Phillip if he liked ice-cream as much as I did. I remember his timid `yes' in reply and I recall my uncle's statement that `Phillip doesn't eat ice-cream'.  Idiotically, I wonder if Phillip has ever tasted ice-cream in the intervening years. As I look at him, I decide he hasn't. My uncle forbids it and who can blame him.

As I look at Phillip's body, I now understand my uncle's restrictions on what his slave eats. Phillip's body is a thing of beauty and his musculature is clearly delineated and not marred by any unsightly flabbiness. To spoil its perfection would be sacrilege. And so I make a mental note to strictly regulate the diet of my future slave. 

During my previous visits, I'd always understood that Phillip had his own bedroom. It's wasn't something I'd ever given much thought to and so, in those days, where Phillip, the manservant slept was unimportant to me. But now my curiosity has been awakened. Where does Phillip, the slave sleep? And so I ask my uncle about their sleeping arrangements.

"Uncle Kyle, where does Phillip sleep? Does he have a room of his own?"

"I was wondering when you'd get around to asking me that".  My uncle appears amused by my question. "Phillip sleeps in my room on the floor alongside my bed."

"He sleeps on the floor? Why?"

"Because that's his proper place. I don't want him in my bed disturbing my sleep. The only time Phillip is in my bed is when I use him for sex and as soon as I've finished with him he's out of my bed and back onto the floor."

"So, he has a mattress on the floor that he sleeps on?"

"No he doesn't have any bedding other than a pillow for his head.  He sleeps on the floor without a mattress or blankets. However in winter, I relent a little and allow him to sleep closer to the fireplace and I do give him a blanket for warmth. I don't want him catching a cold. But for the rest of the year he sleeps on the floor without a blanket." 

"Isn't that rather harsh?"

"Jon, a slave's life is harsh. The very fact that he is a slave makes it so. And remember that Phillip is a voluntary slave; he opted to live his life as my slave. The day he became my slave he renounced his freedom and gave me full sovereignty over him. That was his conscious choice and it wasn't a `spur of the moment' decision on his part. In fact, it took twelve months for him to make it. I didn't hurry him or bully him into it. I knew very early on I wanted Phillip to be my slave but I allowed him to take his time and think seriously about committing to the lifestyle. I talked at length with him about what I'd expect from him as my slave and I exposed him to the lifestyles of friends who lived their lives as Masters and slaves. Eventually, he made his choice and became my slave. His decision to do so made me very happy. And I know he doesn't regret his decision, either. Remember, he told you earlier, he is happy in serving me. Phillip fully expects his life to be hard. Indeed he'd be disappointed if wasn't so. He has a slave's mentality."

"So Phillip is only ever in your bed for sex, Uncle Kyle? Does that happen often?"

"Frequently, Jon!" My uncle laughs at my question, "It shouldn't surprise you, Jon, but your uncle loves his sex and Phillip more than meets my expectations. But sex between a Master and his slave is always at the Master's instigation and never at the slave's. The Master's need is paramount and the slave's is unimportant."

"Does that mean that Phillip has to wait on you for sex? He doesn't get to suggest it's something he wants?"

"No, Jon! Sex from the slave's point of view may be an expectation but that's all it should be. Sex for a slave isn't a right and the slave should only ever see it as a privilege given to him by his Master.  A slave's sexual gratification is the reward he gains from meeting and satisfying his Master's needs. It's a spin off so to speak".

"It must be very frustrating for the slave having to wait on his Master for sex? I suppose slaves compensate by jerking off a lot?"

"Jon! A master never allows his slave to masturbate. In fact, you never allow a slave to touch his cock. A slave's cock belongs to his Master and it's strictly `hands off'. You need to train a slave hard for this. After all, the urge for a slave to touch himself is a strong one and his Master has to be forever vigilant. It took me ages to break Phillip of the habit and at one stage in his training his ass was perpetually striped." 

"Tell me Uncle Kyle, how did you train Phillip not to jerk off?"

"Why simply by the frequent use of the cane on his ass and by placing his cock in a restraint. I locked his cock away in a cock cage for extended periods of time. Phillip hated that and still does. Occasionally, I place his cock back into restraint just to remind him of how it feels. It took a long time for me to train Phillip and even after ten years I know he still has urges but he'd never touch his cock without permission. Jon, whenever you do have a slave of your own, you'll need to learn to control him through his cock. And it can be a lot of fun doing this."

"Do you ever allow him to touch himself?"

"Usually, no I don't. A slave's body belongs to his Master and the Master gets to call the `shots' - excuse my pun. However, I sometimes allow it as a reward. We do have a little game we play together called edging. I have Phillip kneel before me with this knees spread wide and order him to stroke his cock to erection. I control the speed and frequency of strokes and there are lots of stops and starts. I bring him to the brink and then order him to stop and once he's settled down I give the order to start again. The exercise of this game is to demonstrate my complete control over his cock and to test his endurance and staying power."

"WOW!" 

My exclamation of amazement is all I can manage. The thought of controlling a slave through his cock is one that appeals to me and it reinforces my desire to have my very own slave one day. It goes without saying my own cock is very much in need of `control' at the thought of this. I need to know more. 

"Uncle Kyle, what do you mean by endurance and staying power?"

"The object is to test Phillip's endurance and to see how long he can last without ejaculating.  Of course, he's not supposed to `shoot' until I allow it and should he do so spontaneously then he's caned for his lack of control. The staying power has to do with how long we can play our little game. This can vary between one and a half to two hours. This wasn't always the case. In the early days, his staying power was pathetic and it took much training on my part to get him to the level he's at currently." 

"At the end of the game do you allow him to jerk off?"

"On most occasions I do allow it. But there are those times when I forbid it. I do this sometimes to show my displeasure with him but I mostly use it as an example of my control over him.  It doesn't hurt him to be left `hanging' to remind him of this. But usually I reward him for his efforts. The look of pleasure on his face as he cums is ample reward for my generosity. He positively beams with happiness. He catches his cum in his free hand and then swallows it. Well actually it isn't his cum - it's mine - and I don't allow it to go to waste. And he has to clean up any spillages on the floor with his tongue."

"Uncle Kyle, I'm getting the impression that Phillip's sex life is totally in your hands. Am I right in thinking this and is that how it should be with a Master and slave?"

"Yes, Jon, a slave's sexuality -or the control of it - is a powerful tool in the hands of a wise Master. It can be used to train, reward and discipline a slave. Remember, most slaves are highly sexed individuals and their sexual appetites are insatiable. It seems to be an inherent quality they possess. You need to curb that and use it to your advantage. Their sexuality is a gift that a Master can both enjoy and exploit." 

"Is Phillip insatiable, Uncle Kyle?"

"Is he ever? He just can't get enough sex and I must regulate it to my needs. Some nights I hear him sighing and fidgeting on the floor when he should be asleep. I know what disturbs him and what he wants. Some nights I take pity on him and order him up onto my bed.  And he's not beyond giving me less than subtle hints that he wants sex."

"How does he do that? What sort of hints does he give you, Uncle Kyle?"

"Oh, you know! Things like kissing me my feet, sucking my toes or licking between them. And more blatantly he'll lick my balls or take my cock into his mouth and give me a blow job. I've got to say, my slave is very talented when it comes to dropping little hints to me."

"Does it work? Does Phillip get what he wants, Uncle Kyle?"

"Mostly, Jon. I'm a bit of a softie when it comes to Phillip. Jon, even though Phillip is my slave he is also my partner and my lover and I love him very much. I told you earlier that a Master/slave relationship is complementary and we each have different needs. Phillip and I know this and we both work hard to keep one another happy. Phillip has given himself as a slave to me unconditionally and that places a responsibility on me to make sure his life is as happy and as fulfilled as my own. I work very hard as Phillip's Master to meet his needs. The partnership between a Master and his slave is an uneven one but nevertheless it is a true partnership built on mutual love."

"Uncle Kyle, I see you really love Phillip, don't you?"

"Yes Jon, I love him very much. He is the slave I've chosen to spend the rest my life with. When the time comes for you to own your own slave - choose carefully and choose a slave that you love. And never disregard him. Certainly always remember you are the Master and treat him as the slave he is -after all he'll expect that from you and he'll love you with a devotion that is quite touching. Do that and you'll be more than amply rewarded and you will enjoy your life as a black Master to a white slave."   

My uncle's words are touching. Two things I've learned today affect me deeply. These are the great love and devotion that Phillip, the slave gives to his Master, my Uncle Kyle. And the second is that my uncle returns this love in equal measure together with a sense of responsibility and a duty of care for his faithful slave.  

Their partnership is unorthodox but not all that unusual as I will discover for myself when I travel down the pathway that will one day see me in possession of my own white slave. I will remember all that Uncle Kyle has told me today as I embrace this unique lifestyle. 

Today has opened my eyes to new things and it points in the direction my life will now take. Like my Uncle Kyle I will be a black Master and in the years ahead I will put into practise all he has told me. 

This perhaps is his true present to me on my eighteenth birthday and I'm grateful to him for revealing the truth about Phillip to me. 

Poor Phillip! As we'd talked so earnestly, I'd forgotten about him. However, with the inherent nature of the true slave, he'd gone about his duties so quietly and efficiently that I'd not noticed him. During our conversation he'd removed our remaining dishes to the kitchen and once the table was cleared, he set about serving us with coffee. It is only the delicious aroma of freshly brewed coffee that draws my attention back to him. I watch as he moves around the table with an easy, silent grace firstly from my Uncle Kyle to my father and finally to me carefully pouring coffee from a percolator.

He now stands mute in the modified display position at my uncle's side but remains ever attentive to our needs. From time to time, and without prompting, he steps forward to refill our cups when he deems it necessary. As he does so he is ignored by us. The old maxim that `children should be seen but not heard' is one that applies equally to slaves. 

The revelation that Phillip is my uncle's slave emboldens me to take liberties with him. I am of a mind to test my `authority' over him and so I order him to.

"Boy! Fetch me another serve of ice-cream to eat with my coffee."

As Phillip hastens to obey me I'm filled with a new sense of empowerment. Here is this naked, `white boy' slave - twice my age at the very least - hurrying to do my bidding. His acquiescence to my instructions makes my cock even harder - if that is possible. 

I look after Phillip as he walks towards the kitchen. Once more my eyes are riveted on his striped ass and I think about his impending whipping. Is it permissible for me to ask my Uncle Kyle if I can stay to witness his punishment? I would like that. 

The mechanics of whipping a slave intrigue me. How is it done? Will Phillip be suspended by his wrists as one sees in the movies and how many strokes will he receive before my uncle's displeasure is assuaged? Is the whip a single or multi strand one? Will Phillip beg for leniency and will my uncle grant it? Will the slave cry out under the lash? And what happens after he is released? Does he crawl like a whipped dog to his Master's feet to beg forgiveness? I want desperately to be a witness to Phillip's punishment. 

I call out after him. 

"Boy! Make that a double serve of ice-cream."

My uncle might deny his slave ice-cream but no such restrictions apply to me. I am a black superior with the freedom to choose and make decisions. Phillip on the other hand is only a white slave powerless to do so and obliged to give unquestioning obedience to his Master's orders. 

Phillip returns and leans forward to place my ice-cream before me. His ass is provocatively poised for my attention and cheekily, I reach out and emulate my uncle's earlier attention to it. As I knead the two fleshy mounds of his buttocks, Phillip sighs softly and wriggles contentedly. 

Then guiltily, I look to my uncle. Am I being forward? Am I taking liberties with his property? But Uncle Kyle smiles indulgently at me -he could never deny me anything - and nods his head approvingly. I have his permission to continue.

Emboldened by my uncle's generosity, I reach out and fondle his slave's ass. The ice-cream is forgotten as my finger explores the deep, dividing canyon of Phillip's ass and probes even deeper for the most private and intimate part of his body; the one that only my uncle is entitled to know. 

But it's all proving too much for me. My poor, tortured cock can take very little more of this provocation and I must desist or risk the embarrassment of a very public ejaculation. 

I deliver two, stinging slaps to the slave's bare ass as a means of dismissing him. As the sounds of my slaps ring out loudly, Phillip sighs deeply. I wonder is it a sigh of pleasure or is it one of disappointment?

Then unexpectedly he speaks to his Master. 

"May I have your permission to speak Master?"

"What is it you want to say, slave?"

"Master, I want to thank Sir Jon for his kindness to me. Master, do I have your permission to do so?"

"From where I was watching," my uncle laughs, "I think Sir Jon will be rendering many such kindnesses to you. But it is appropriate for you to thank him. Yes, you have my permission. Speak!" 

Phillip smiles happily at me and speaks 

"Thank you Sir Jon. Earlier today you examined me and now you have fingered me. In doing those things you paid my Master a compliment. I am proud to be his slave and to bring credit to him. Sir Jon today is your eighteenth birthday and I wish you happiness in the years ahead. I hope one day to see you as a Black Master with your own white slave and to that end, I will be happy to serve you in any manner my Master allows, Sir Jon."

I'm touched by the sincerity of Phillip's words and I'm moved to thank him. Then I remember Uncle Kyle's earlier, gentle rebuke that you don't thank a slave for doing what is expected of him. So I ignore Phillip and accept his birthday wishes as those due from a white slave to a black superior. 

My uncle however is obviously pleased with Phillip and pays him the rare compliment of acknowledging his words. But today is unusual - it is my eighteenth birthday - and because of it, Uncle Kyle generously allows his slave some latitude. 

"Well spoken, slave! Good boy!"

My ice-cream has melted. Phillip steps forward to remove the dish from the table and asks.

"Sir Jon! Will I fetch you a fresh serve of ice-cream?"

"Yes! And be quick about it, boy." I answer dismissively.

From my perspective, I have seen many things change today. However, some things never change. As we wait for Phillip's return with my ice cream, my father and uncle begin a discussion on their favourite topic of debate -"Black Rule".

They begin by discussing Phillip's upcoming session with the whip. My father asks.

"How many strokes are you planning on giving him, Kyle?"

"He'll receive the maximum number - ten. I never exceed that number. Lachlan, you and Jon will stay to witness it won't you? After all you are family and I'm sure Jon will benefit from the experience. "

My heart skips a beat and I catch my breath. I am to witness Phillip's whipping. 

To be continued...........


