PHIL CAUGHT

BY PHIL MCCRACKEN

Part 7

Melody looked at her stammering, confused friend and knew what
the favor was.

"You want me to tie you up, right?" She asked Amber.

"Eh, yeah."

"And you want a spanking too, right?"

"Ohh, mmm..yeah. Well you please?"

"Sure and I'll do one more thing for you. Remember in 'The Cure',
you father said it's always better when someone does you rather
than yourself? I'll do you."

Amber's eyes grew wide and then unfocused. She never thought of
making love to another girl. She wasn't a lesbian. But the idea
began to intrigue her. After all this was a friend and not some
strange pervert who might hurt her. One thing for sure, she
couldn't get pregnant.

"Okay." Amber said.

"Then take your jeans off so we can get started."

While Amber unzipped her jeans and slid them off her legs, Melody
was rummaging in her closet. She came out with an old pair of
pantyhose and a silk scarf.

Amber sat on the floor with her knees up to her chin and her arms
around her legs. "I want to see what this tying up and spanking
is all about. How about if you first tie me and let me struggle.
Then," she paused, "then you can spank me. Okay?"

"Sure." Melody said with eagerness in her voice and a winkle in
her eyes.

Melody had Amber lie on her stomach. She took Amber's arms and
held behind her back as she tied her wrists together with the
silk scarf. Melody then tied Amber's ankles together with one leg
of the pantyhose. Finally Melody pulled Amber ankles back to meet
her wrists and tied them to off with the other leg of the hose
and now Amber was hogtied.

Amber struggled; she pulled on her silk bindings. Her fingers dug
into the nylon ties. After ten minutes of rocking back and forth
and backwards and forwards she lay quiet and panting.

"Well what do you think of being tied up?" Melody asked.

"I hate it. It's frustrating cause I can't do anything." Amber
said through gritted teeth.

"Well than it's time to see how you like being spanked."

Melody tried to untie the leg of the pantyhose that tied Amber's
legs to her wrists. Amber had pulled them so tight that Melody
gave up and cut them with her scissors. Amber now laid flat on
her tummy with her flat buttocks waiting for her first ever
spanking.

Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat. Melody was following Phil's example
and started out lightly. Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat. She increased
the speed hitting Amber a little bit harder. Pat. Pat. Pat. Pat.
Pat. She didn't wait for five circuits; she started hitting Amber
full force. Smack! Whap! Pow! Smack! Smack! Smack! Pow! Melody
was enjoying the spanking, Amber was not. She bucked and rolled
away from Melody's hand. Melody had to straddle Amber's back to
continue. Smack! Smack! Whap!

"Owww..Mel stop I've had enough!"

Smack! Pow! Whap! Whap! Smack! Smack! Pow! Whap!

Melody looked down as Amber kicked her legs and saw Amber's slit
as it opened revealing her clit and the dark love hole.

Smack! Pow! Whap Smack! Smack! Whap! Smack! Whap!

Phil's example was to spank until the victim stopped struggling
and accepted her punishment.

Smack! Owwww Smack! Amber was tense but she stopped thrashing
about. Whap! Pow! Whap! Oh Boo hoo. Amber let the tears flow.
Funny thing, the anger she felt due to the frustration of being
tied and helpless drained out of her.

Whap! Smack! Smack! Pow! Now Amber quit struggling and accepted
Melody's hand.

Melody was a tad bit disappointed that Amber had given up so
quickly, she'd wish Amber kept fighting since there was still a
lot of spanking energy left in Melody.

Melody let Amber sob for two minutes before she rolled her over.
She then pushed Amber's ankles up to her butt.

Amber started to struggle and cried out "No! Please don't spank
my pussy."

"I'm not going to do that. I'm going to masturbate you. Melody
lowed her head to get between Amber's legs.

"With my tongue."

Melody's tongue entered Amber's slit and slid around her labia.
Amber's pussy immediately started issuing her female fluids,
which Melody lapped up. The aroma coming from Amber's sugar scoop
made Melody dizzy with desire for more. The tongue found Amber's
clit and swirled it as if she had been doing it for years. Amber
arched her back. She wished her hands and feet were free but tied
as she was she could only submit to the intense pleasure flooding
her young body.

Melody put a finger into Amber's love canal. She twisted and
turned, pulled in and out as her tongue swirled Amber's clit.
Amber was now not conscious of anything other than the building
orgasm.

Melody withdrew her very wet finger and moved down to Amber's
brown spot. Slowly Melody pushed her finger into Amber. This was
a whole (or hole) new feeling for Amber.

Melody now took her fingers of her other hand and peeled back the
hood of Amber's clit. Amber felt as if she was plugged into a
240-volt wall outlet.

Amber now knew why her father had written such stories; yes it
was better, much better now that Melody was doing her. The heat
from the spanking and the combination of her pleasure/pain
sensors sent her on an orgasmic wave of phenomenal good feelings.

Melody being inexperienced in pussy lapping was not aware that
Amber climaxed until she moaned loud and long. Her pussy
contracted and relaxed and juices flowed. What Melody couldn't
lick up ran down Amber's crevice. Amber collapsed as she gulped
for air. She just laid on the floor enjoying the afterglow. She
was unaware of her bindings. The good feeling over rode the pain
from the spanking. She was also unaware that Melody had removed
her pants and panties and had straddled Amber's head.

Amber opened her eyes in time to see a pussy with a few stray
hairs coming towards her face.

"It's my turn, slut." said Melody. She had no idea why she called
her good friend such a derogatory name. It just came out.

Amber opened her mouth allowing Melody to fill her oral cavity.

"Start licking!" Melody ordered.

Amber snaked her tongue out and slid up and down Melody's pee
hole.

"Oh, yeah. Lick it up cunt."

Melody felt powerful. Here was a girl all trussed up and having
to do her bidding. She now understood Phil's stories.

Amber of course could do nothing but move her tongue as her hands
were tied but that didn't seem to lessen Melody's ardor. Melody
was gyrating her hips rubbing her pussy into Amber's face.

Melody fantasized about being tied by Phil who would whip her ass
and than spank her pussy and then f**k her brains out. Afterwards
she'd be turned loose on Amber to use and abuse.

Amber tasted Melody's lubricating fluids and came to the thought
that the only way to describe it was as 'zippy'. She liked the
taste, and to be truthful, the abuse.

"Aarrgggg!" cried Melody as the best orgasm she'd ever had
engulfed her. She leaned forward as she slowly recovered, never
taking her pussy out of Amber's mouth. Amber didn't mind as she
enjoyed cleaning it.

Melody rolled off of Amber. She leaned down and kissed Amber
tenderly on the lips.

"Okay you can untie me now." Said Amber.

"No." replied Melody.

"How are you going to explain to your parents, a girl, naked from
the waist down and tied up?" Amber giggled.

Melody tried to untie Amber but had to resort to cutting the
scarf and pantyhose. "Okay, so how did you like being tied up?"
asked Melody.

"I hated it. On a scale of things I hate, it rates a 9 out of
10."

"How did you like the spanking?"

"I hated that even more. I'd rate it 91/2 out of 10."

Melody was confused. How could Amber hate the bondage and
spanking but obviously enjoyed the sex? So she asked her just
that.

"I hate the one, I hate the other but put all three together and
words cannot describe the feelings. But I can't understand why
he's writing theses stories. Does he want to do that to me?"

Melody considered the question for a minute and then said.

"Your father loves you very much. He gives you anything you want.
You have him wrapped around your little finger. I think he can
only dream of what he can't do legally or morally. Just imagine
if he could do what he's doing now and give you all that sexual
pleasure?"

Amber considered what she just heard and started formulating a
plan.

