Title: The Adjustor
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Michael works for a company that provides mind control
insurance to government employees and to whoever else knows about and
can afford it.
Keywords: MC FF MF IN

The Adjustor
by bobwhite


                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note: In my quest to introduce jobs not normally associated
with eros to the genre of mind control erotica (like accountancy and
water meter reading), I give you this tale. Special thinks to
ghosthostblue, who gave me a few good ideas and helped with the
proofreading of this story. Enjoy, and feedback is always
appreciated!*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

The silver car, a mid-sized Ford that had been making a funny sound
since about an hour after it had been driven out of the RentMeCheap
parking lot, squeaked to a stop. Michael had grown accustomed to both
the squeaky breaks and pinging engine, but the non-working air
conditioner had made the drive from Charlotte to Fayetteville
unbearably hot. Grabbing his long-discarded tie from the passenger
seat, he wiped the sweat from his face. *Again.*

It was as if everything was conspiring against him on this business
trip. First, all flights from Charlotte to Fayetteville had been
canceled for reasons that not even the woman at the ticket counter
could fathom. Then, needing a car, he had managed to rent the biggest
lemon from the only rental place approved for his expense account.
Neither the air conditioner nor the driver's side window seemed to
work, and it was, in his estimation, the hottest day North Carolina
had seen in 40 years. And, adding insult to injury, the car died as he
reached for the key so he could turn it off.

"Jesus H. Christ," he muttered, straightening his sweaty hair and
adjusting the collar using the only thing in the car that seemed to
work well besides the radio: the rearview mirror. "Next time, I better
be sent to California... or Florida... shit, Alaska would be nice!" He
could see up the block that he was indeed on Jordan street, something
that had taken him a few trips around the block to confirm, and the
number on the house told him that he was, finally, at his destination.

"At least this one moved into the house... I shouldn't even have to
track him down," he said to himself as he made a call to the main
office. "Hello, dispatch? This is Adjustor M. Hunt, ID 273T2C6, at the
address on the claim. ... Yes, Michael. ... No, nobody calls me Mike.
... Yes, I *have* heard that one a million times. Look, it's hot and
I'm in a hurry. Check the sensors, is the MCer in the house? And she's
TASU 6, you're sure? ... Yes, I know I'm TASU 11, but I don't like
sur-- ... Look, *fine*, I get it. I'll get my report to dispatch when
I'm done. ... No, I don't know how long this will take. It's a family
of five, remember? ... No, I don't have any other questions. Bye."

He got out of the car (which required a sharp punch to the door to
force it open), pocketed his phone, and thought about putting on his
tie. Seeing how sweaty and crumpled it was made him decide against it.
*Business casual today, I guess*, he thought as he made his way to the
front door of the house. Doing a quick scan, he "saw" that there were
six people in the house--most likely, the entire family plus the one
controller he could sense. He had Robert, the man of the house, get up
and let him in. Once inside, he quickly addressed Robert's
bewilderment at why he'd just stood up and opened the door for a
stranger.

"Hello, Mr. Smythe," Michael said before being interrupted.

"Actually, it's *doctor*; I got my PhD in--" Robert began before being
cut off himself.

"My mistake. Sorry." Michael looked around and saw that two children,
a teenage boy and a little girl of about ten years, were watching TV.
He unfolded and re-checked the printed claim he was holding--the only
ones not within eyesight were Michelle, Robert's wife, and Stephanie,
their 18-year-old daughter. He sent Steve, the teenage son, to get him
something cold to drink.

"Anyway. *Doctor* Smythe, My name is Michael Hunt, and I'm with your
insurance company. No, not auto, life, house, hurricane, or any of
that. I'm with a special insurance that your employer, who is
contracted with the United States government, provides for you. I'm
here to make sure everything's OK. Where is your wife and older
daughter?" Michael asked. Right then, Steve came up to them with two
glasses of iced tea, and he handed one to Michael.

"Eh, mom's probably upstairs with Kim, our roommate. Steph probably
has one vibrator up her ass and another in her pussy again. She hardly
ever stops playing with herself, unless she has to have me and dad
clean her toys while she fucks mom and Kim. Hey, did you say your name
is Mike Hunt? That's funny," Steve said. Immediately, he pulled the
waistband of his jeans out just enough to allow him to dump the
contents of his glass into his pants. Too shocked at what he'd done to
make much of a sound, he ran upstairs to the sound of his little
sister's laughter.

"That's... weird," Robert said. "Anyway, he's right. Steph, 'Chelle,
and Kim are... uh, well, the little one's around..., so I don't want
to say it...."

In a flash of childish grown-uppedness, Anne, the little girl, stood
up and said, "Mommy's eating at the Y, like she always does," and then
she sat back down.

Michael's stomach turned. In just the one and a half weeks since their
instruments had picked up some abnormalities in the thought
frequencies of the house's occupants--abnormalities that generally
only exist when there's been tampering on a telepathic level--their
home had been transformed into an incestuous lesbian orgy. And,
peeking into Robert's head again, he saw that since this "Kim" had
arrived, he'd been sleeping downstairs. But what really bothered him
was the casual attitude the kids had about this--even the little girl
had been told what was going on, sort-of.

Taking a long drink of the very sweet tea, he decided that he'd be
having a little fun taking care of this claim. He finished his drink
and took a seat on the lounger in the living room. After a few
minutes, the tea and air conditioning had cooled him off. When Steve
came back down with a change of pants and an armful of sex toys, he
decided that it was time to start.

"Steve, put those down on the floor. I have an idea: why don't you,
the good doctor here, and Anne take a nice nap. I'll send your sister
and mom down in a little bit, OK?"

Steve tossed the toys down and passed out on the floor. Robert lay
down on the couch and fell asleep almost as quickly. But children
never like going to sleep, so Anne had just enough time to ask, "Hey,
mister, how do you know all our names?" before laying down next to the
doll house she was playing with and drifting off to sleep.

His preliminary work done, Michael walked upstairs. On the way up, he
saw a family portrait that confirmed what he had already figured out:
the older females in the family were attractive. *Very* attractive. He
felt a twinge in his underpants, and had to remind himself that he
could not let whatever he was about to see make him do something to
the clients that he'd have to answer for later.

Momentarily, he considered having fun with the undoubtedly lesbian
controller who was behind the family's current situation, but he
couldn't remember the last time he'd seen a nice-looking, or even
*presentable*, lesbian mind controller. "Fucking myths," he muttered
to himself just outside the master bedroom door. He already knew all
three of them were behind the door. Carefully, he slipped into their
minds and made it so they would not notice his presence.

He reached for the door knob, hoping it wasn't locked; he liked to get
the lay of the land before he started working. And when the door swung
open, he saw that the lay of the land was much better than he had
expected.

One thing he'd noticed in his dealings with lesbians was that they
liked eating pussy about as much as most straight guys did. Oh, they
loved *getting* oral sex, but they weren't nearly as quick to go down
as most people probably thought they would be. The scene before him
was, therefore, doubly encouraging.

On the huge bed, he saw Kim on her back. Kneeling between her thighs,
with her head bobbing and shaking as she orally attacked Kim's sex,
was one of the women of the house. And squatting over Kim's face,
being teased with Kim's tongue and fingers, was a young woman. A
mental probe confirmed that Stephanie was the one being pleased
(actually, teased and psionically held just short of her orgasm) by
Kim, but the body writhing on top of the woman's face looked too young
and tight to have borne three children anyway.

Michael approached the bed to get a better look. He took a good look
at the mother's body. She was nicely built from what he could see. Her
hair was curly and brown, her ass shapely and tight with no visible
stretch marks, and her pussy looked to be shaved. He had her sit up
and wipe her face, enjoying the sight of her round breasts that sagged
only a little. Pushing into her mind again, he had her pinch her
nipple with one hand and diddle her clit with the other, and at that
moment he forced both her and her daughter to cum hard.

Kim's arms flailed about in a panic as the slender, scorchingly hot
teenager ground her crotch down on the face below as her orgasm
coursed through her body. Michael figured Kim couldn't breathe because
Stephanie was writhing directly over Kim's nose and mouth, so he sent
Stephanie over the edge a few more times. He only stopped making her
cum when Kim physically pushed the spasming young woman off of her
face.

"Damn, Steph, you sure came hard! Kim must have really given you a
good one when she gave me one," Michelle said. Then, she scratched her
head, and her face went from blissful and flushed, to confused, and
then to relaxed. "Well, that's enough fun for now, I'm going
downstairs to take a shower." With that, she went to her closet,
grabbed a bathrobe, put it on, and went downstairs.

Kim, having just caught her breath, shouted, "Hey, bitch, I haven't
told you to stop! And who let you cum??" Michael figured the question
was directed at both Michelle and Stephanie. She sent out mental
commands, but Michael blocked them before they could do anything to
either woman.

"Wow... I mean... fuck, wow! Kim, thanks. I thought you weren't going
to let me cum at all today. Hey... I think I'm up for a shower too.
I'll use the bathroom upstairs, I don't want to wait for mom... see ya
in a bit, Kim!" Stephanie then got up and started to walk out of the
room, naked and satisfied, her long, blond hair matted to her back,
shoulders, and perky, medium-sized breasts. Even though he knew he
shouldn't, he snuck up behind her and gave her almost perfectly shaped
bottom a firm squeeze, making her stop in her tracks and cum again.
Then he let her go on her way.

He closed the door behind her, locked it, and turned around to face
Kim. She was sending mental probes out wildly, but Michael was almost
twice as powerful as she was and he easily protected her targets. He
was tempted to permanently adjust her right then and there, but his
pants were straining to hold his erection. The little threesome was
just too much for him to bear, and he needed release.

Kim, as Michael had been pleasantly surprised to discover, was *very*
attractive. She had red hair--it was natural, he knew; the curtains
matched the small, landing-strip carpet. Playfully, he sent a tingly,
sucking sensation that affected her clit. She immediately covered her
wet cunt with both hands, trying to stop the invading sensations.
Then, he sent a similar sensation to her nipples, and almost laughed
when her hands flew up to her full, apparently surgically enhanced
breasts.

Michael kept increasing the sensations, enjoying the scene as the
confused mind controller squeezed her thighs together hard enough to
turn coal into diamonds while trying to protect her breasts from
whatever was happening to them. Usually, fake boobs didn't do much for
Michael, but she'd found a wonderful surgeon who had "donated" his
expert services, and her breasts were almost *perfect*.

As she twisted and writhed, Michael delved into his mental store of
sensations he'd recorded over the years (Michael, like many other
telepaths he'd met, had a nearly photograph memory when it came to
physical sensations) and added one that he thought might make her
squeal. He wasn't disappointed. Immediately, Kim's hips shot up off
the bed and she bowed up from the bed as a phantom finger wiggled just
inside her anus.

"What the fuck is going on?!" Kim screamed. She looked around, and
Michael finally let himself be seen. "Who the fuck are you, asshole?"

Michael took off his dress shirt slowly, and tossed the slightly damp
garment to the floor. Then he started to remove his belt. By the time
it was gone and his pants were unbuttoned and unzipped, Kim had
regained some self control and wasn't moving as much, but she was far
too distracted to send out any more mental commands to her former sex
toys.

"OK, look... I... I don't have any pr-problem with y-y-you, just leave
and m-maybe I won't turn you into a f-fag who l-likes--"

"Fag? I thought gay people hated that word? Listen, honey. You're no
match for me. On a scale between 4 and 13, you're a 6. I'm an 11. That
means you can't do anything to me unless I practically let you, or
unless you're sneaky. And I'm going to take care of *that* risk as
soon as you and I take care of a little business," Michael said. Then,
he dropped his pants, kicked his shoes off, and stepped out of the
pants. His dick, creating a huge tent in his underwear, was freed a
moment later.

"L... Listen, I'm... you can't fuck m-me... we can't... what are... oh
god... stop it...." Kim again lost control as the sensations were
increased by Michael to maddening levels. A few seconds later, her
hands started twisting her nipples instead of trying to cover them up.
And after that, she reached down and started fingering herself.

Michael was stroking himself, enjoying Kim's efforts to get herself
off. He knew she figured that if she got some release, she'd regain
some control and then try to do something to escape. But what she
didn't know is that he had blocked her orgasm--just like she'd done to
Stephanie.

"Figure it out yet, Kimmy?"

"Fuck! God fucking damn you! I... I... I can't cum, you f-fucker!" Kim
shouted. Then, she flipped over to her stomach, raised her ass, and
began fingering both her pussy *and* her ass, answering the need
Michael had just increased in those areas. "Stop fucking with m-me!"

"I will soon enough. And you're wrong. You *can* cum. You can do it.
All you got to do... is fuck me. You're the prettiest dyke I've seen
in a long time, and as you can see, I'm a little horny." He got on the
bed behind her, and on his knees, he slowly came up to her. He stopped
just before his cock made contact with her womanhood.

"D-don't... fucking... t-t-touch... m-me...." she whimpered, still
trying to get off.

"You're going to have to beg me to fuck you, bitch. I can have any
woman I want, and while you are hot, I can get--and have had--better.
Beg, and I'll fuck you. And start soon, 'cause you're only going to
get off when I cum in your mouth." He knew she found that act
*particularly* disgusting... almost as disgusting as he found teaching
a ten-year-old girl a phrase like "eating at the Y."

He rubbed his dick up and down her wet slit after mentally nudging her
to move her fingers out of the way. He felt her need to cum start to
crumble her resolve, and he listened to her thoughts as she fought
with herself on whether or not to beg for a good fucking just to get
off. But, to his astonishment, some part of her will was too strong to
break.

"Go ahead and... and f-f-fuck me, asssssshole... do what ever the f-
fuck you want, we know you w-will anyway...."

Michael was impressed with the woman's bravery. *Yes, I* could *do it
anyway, and every mind controller knows that whether or not you make
the victim enjoy being fucked, you almost always give them an orgasm
when you're done*, he thought. *But I already told her she'd have
to... hey, wait a second... yeah, I can't believe I've never tried
this before!*

"Kim, don't you even want to know my name? It's Hunt. Mike Hunt."

"Fuck you, M-Mike H-Hunt."

"Whatever. And what do you have to do to cum?"

"I have... have to f-fuck you! God damn it, just g-get it the f-fuck
over w-with...." Her fingers' motions on her clit and asshole were
almost frantic, but she kept her doggie-style position, her hips
wiggling slightly.

"Who do you have to fuck?"

"I have to--"

"*You have to what?!*"

"Fuck Mike Hunt!"

"AGAIN!" he shouted, too horny to laugh.

"Fuck Mike Hunt!"

"That sounds like begging to me! Your wish is my command," he said as
he thrust deep into her. She was so wet that he glided right in, but
her pussy was extremely tight. He started moving in and out of her
slowly, sending jolts of pleasure into her with each thrust. He
stopped his mental stimulation of her nipples and ass, but increased
the feeling in her clit. As he sped up his motions, she began grunting
with each thrust.

He especially liked how she never took her finger out of her ass.
*I'll have to remember how much she likes anal on the way back to
headquarters*, he thought. Then, he began fucking her in earnest,
slamming into her from behind as hard as he could and slapping her ass
hard whenever the mood struck. Reaching into her mind, he saw that she
was so close to cumming that, despite her earlier resistance, she had
no idea what would happen if he pulled out and put his cock in her
mouth. That question was the only thing she could think of on top of
the sexual sensation overload he was forcing her to feel.

She couldn't even work to an answer... she was literally going to sit
back and hope that he made her do it so she could cum, because she
wasn't sure that she wouldn't do it if he didn't make her. Michael,
though, was not going to force her to do anything. He'd played this
game before, and while she was a stronger opponent than he'd faced in
quite some time, he knew that the story always ended one way.

His cock started to throb, and he felt the pressure deep in his balls
that meant he was past the point of no return. Quickly he pulled out,
and waited to see what Kim would do. He was going to cum in a few
seconds, but as high as he was flying, he was still curious to see if
she'd get her mouth on his member so he--and she--could cum. For about
two seconds, she stayed where she was, fingers flying over her private
parts.

Then, she screamed, "Fuuuuuuck!" and spun around faster than Michael
thought possible. She grabbed his cock and pulled him to her, catching
the first spurts of semen in her mouth as they shot out of his
manhood. She took as much of his meat into her mouth as she could and
wrapped her arms around his midsection, forcing him to stay in her
mouth as her orgasm finally broke. She screamed in ecstasy with a
mouthful of cock, cum dribbling down her face, until she came down a
few moments later.

Michael had ejaculated into her mouth, and he even shuddered at the
amazing sensation--it was easily one of the better climaxes he'd had
for a long time. He enjoyed the feeling of her mouth as she milked the
last bit of cum from his cock with her mouth, and suddenly he felt
like he was about ready to cum again... but then he got dizzy. Really
dizzy. He looked down, and even though everything was spinning, he
could see the intense look of concentration on Kim's face. He could
definitely feel another climax approaching, and even though he wasn't
sure why she was attacking his equilibrium, he knew that whatever she
was planning wasn't going to be good.

*The little bitch used... my own orgasm... oh fuck... feels so
goooood...*, Michael thought as another orgasm hit him. A tiny bit of
man sauce came out of his throbbing dick, and he thought, *This is
going to start hurting soon... damn, that's the oldest trick in the
book....*

Quickly, before she distracted him with another climax, he shielded
himself. Her attacks on his mind, and her efforts to pleasure his rod,
were relentless. He began to wonder if she really was only half as
powerful as him--forcing out the thought probes she had been sending
into his head was kind of like trying to stop on cockroaches as they
scattered when the light is turned on. But, after a brief but intense
mental fight, he was finally ready to use her own trick against her.

A powerful orgasm shot through her, but there were no screams this
time. She did make a low, growling/moaning noise, but that was it. And
while she was riding out what he figured was the best climax of her
life, he completely kicked her out of his mind and started working on
hers as fast as he could. Almost immediately, his dizziness subsided.

Once the room stopped spinning, he looked down. For some reason,
probably because she thought it helped her attack, she'd never taken
her mouth off of him. Patting her on the head, he pulled out, and she
swallowed any cum that had not leaked from her mouth. He never told
her that he made her do that--he just let her think about who made
that decision while he carefully disabled her telepathic powers. As a
back-up, he made it so that she would not use her powers on anybody
even if she *did* somehow work around his psionic block.

Kim lowered her head and started fondling his softening member.
"You... bastard... fucking bastard, you made me... you made me love
your cock, didn't you?"

"No," he said, removing her hand and moving away from her. *At least,
I don't* think *I did*, he thought as he began to gather his clothes.
Once he started getting dressed, he said, "but I take it that I'm the
best you've ever had, man *or* woman. Don't worry. We have plenty of
time together before I take you in. I'm sure by then you and my cock
will be on wonderful terms in no time."

"Why... why did you do this? Why do you care? I'm just having... fun
with some girls who didn't know how good... how wonderful it is to be
with a woman...."

"Kim, I don't care. These folks are insured, and this is my job. You,
dear, are just a fringe benefit. Get cleaned up and dressed, but stay
up here; I have some work to do."

Michael went downstairs, where the three he'd met when he arrived were
snoozing and the two women were watching TV in their bathrobes. The
three who were sleeping woke up, and then all five of their faces went
blank for several minutes while Michael went to work. He removed the
forced lesbian tendencies Michelle had been given, but left the
curiosity Stephanie already had before meeting Kim on the beach a
couple of weeks before. He also removed Michelle's and Stephanie's
compulsion to have sex with each other when Kim wasn't around,
something he hadn't counted on finding but something that wasn't
altogether surprising, either.

Carefully, he went through the family's last two weeks of memories and
removed anything that wouldn't have been there had Kim not shown up on
the scene. He had Steve pick up all the sex toys in the living room
and put them in a garbage bag, but decided that any left in
Stephanie's room (or the master bedroom, if there were any) would be
left there for them to enjoy. He made them think that they'd purchased
them so they wouldn't be shocked when they found them.

Finally, when his work was done, he mentally summoned Kim. She came
downstairs right away, her hair towel-dried and looking oddly sexy.
Michael then pulled his phone out and called Central Dispatch,
announcing a job completed but asking for approval on a hotel room and
a better rental car. Amazingly (to him), he was approved without
having to go into much more detail besides "the car doesn't run
anymore" and "I want to make sure I adjust the MCer properly." He
waited while they called Rocinante Rent-A-Car, who offered a pick-up
service, and he and Kim sat down and relaxed. The family was still
zoned out, and would remain so until Michael left.

About half an hour later, two cars pulled up. Michael and Kim met the
drivers outside, Michael showed his false ID that he used for travel,
and the rental agents left in the second car after giving Michael the
key to the first car. He slipped the key into the Mercury, an action
that was easier than forcing the key into the Ford that had already
been towed away. And when he started his new rental, the AC was
already blasting cold air.

Slipping a thought into Kim's head, he patiently waited until she'd
freed his dick and was stroking it slowly before pulling into the
street and driving to a hotel. There were no restrictions on hotels,
which was odd because they could be a lot more expensive than rental
cars.

"Well, that's insurance for ya," he said as he started to drive. Kim
was about to ask what he was talking about, but her mouth was on his
cock before she could get a single word out. And thanks to Michael,
after they'd gone a few blocks, she couldn't believe she'd ever hated
cock. It was all she could think about by the time they got to the
hotel.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2006, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.