Paganism. Dean hated paganism. It was right up there with witches, Twilight and the Osmonds. It wasn't paganism per se, that he hated, just all pagans with their touchy feely herby crystal stuff and pagan gods who wanted to eat people. Seriously, something had gone wrong in translation there.

Pagans didn't offer their gods human sacrifices, they burned candles and if the god was particularly lucky danced around naked under the moonlight, usually to something awful like Jethro Tull, or pan pipes.

Eostre wasn't much different, unfortunately, she wore a kaftan style dress with spider web lace on it and about fifteen braids, all in different colours in her hair. The only way Dean knew she had been a goddess was less to do with the bucket of southern fried chicken she was munching on than the adulation of her black robed quartet of witch-pagans, who were burning funny smelling herbs and smearing themselves with lambs blood. And one of the pagans had brought pie.

Of all the hunts where Sam had said, "she's a pagan goddess of fertility and easter eggs, how bad can she be?" before vanishing to watch some Independant French film about agriculture and ballet in a movie theatre that looked especially grim. "You're always saying we get no alone time."

So that was how Dean found himself tied, blindfolded, to a stone altar - which was normally the kind of thing people noticed in Arkansas but had not come up in his research - as four not nubile girls -it was never nubile girls naked in these scenarios, it tended to be old ladies who had shucked their diapers- smeared themselves in a mix of lavender, white sage, dried oregano and animal blood whilst dancing around the altar and fire to the panpipes of Jethro Tull. If he hadn't been so disgusted with the whole setup he might have been embarrassed.

When Castiel appeared, notable for the sort of blanket flapping sound of his wings and the fire dipping as the not-nubile, seriously these were all fat middleaged women with paunches and varicose veins, pagan dancers beat a hasty retreat back to Jeanane's stationwagon, Dean just wanted the altar to open up and swallow him.

And it wasn't like they had caught Dean per se, more that he accidentally stumbled into their enclosure with their slaughtered lamb, and got a face full of pixie dust and cooking herbs and fallen on the altar. Eostre being one never to miss an opportunity, even if she was basically harmless, wanted to sacrifice him, not with a knife but with four blood smeared and overweight librarians. This was why Dean hated pagans. It wouldn't have been so embarrassing if they wanted to kill him.

He hadn't even been offered dinner and Sam got the movie.

Castiel pressed two fingers to Dean's head without removing the blindfold and whispered sleep.

---

When Dean awoke the fire was still there but he was lying on soft warm grass, but the ropes were gone, the blindfold stayed. "Shush," Castiel said, "I am with you."

"Goddess," Dean stammered.

"Dealt with." Dean thought he might have, but wasn't sure, that he heard a muffled voice of protest. "It's a beautiful night, the goddess's magic is gone." Dean was sure he heard a hmpf that time but Castiel silenced his protest with a kiss and Dean didn't care that much, he loved Castiel's kisses.

Oh, Dean thought to himself, left over mojo, after all Eostre was a fertility goddess, "Cas, let me take off the blindfold." He wanted to be able to see his lover.

"No," Castiel replied and ran his tongue up the side of Dean's face, "I want you to keep it on." He started to nibble along the side of Dean's jaw as he undid his shirt, opening Dean up to the elements. "Do you trust me?" Castiel asked, his voice was a husky whisper in Dean's ear. Dean just opened his mouth and strained for more kisses with a groan. "Do you trust me, Dean?" Castiel said, and Dean could feel his lips against him but he was just out of reach.

"Yes," Dean said and Castiel kissed him, his tongue deep in his mouth and the taste of him against the roof of his mouth as the clothes vanished, peeled off him, one by one. Castiel could kiss, he kissed with all his being and a fair portion of his grace. "Do you love me, Dean?" And Dean didn't want to answer that but he could feel Castiel in the grass beside him, warm and vital and there were those kisses and those finger tips and...

"Just this," Dean said reaching out for more kisses but Castiel pulled back again.

"Do you love me, Dean?" Castiel pressed. He seemed insistent and if he was withholding kisses Dean could man up and tell him that.

"I do," and Castiel's mouth was on his throat.

"Do you promise to love me?" Castiel asked between nipping bites and licks on his nipples.

"Yes," Dean said arching back his head. Cas was an angel, he probably needed to hear that kind of stuff.

"Say it, Dean, say you promise to love me." Castiel gave a long and lusty suck of his left nipple and then pulled back, letting the flesh tighten in the night air "promise to love me for ever."

"Cas?" Dean asked because this was getting weird and then Cas parted his legs with one hand and the other cupped his balls just so, because Cas was a master at this, he knew Dean so well and knew exactly how to touch him.

"Say it, Dean." Castiel said and pressed up behind his balls, "Say you promise to love me forever."

"I promise to love you forever, just don't fucking stop." Dean didn't whine, but it sure as hell sounded whiny to him when it came out.

Cas was smiling as he kissed him this time, his hand slowly jerking Dean's dick which was more than happy to see him. "I promise that I will love you forever, Dean." He said and then kissed him again, before reaching around to tongue his ear and Dean wanted to melt, and might even have come if not for the squeeze Cas gave to the base of his cock. "Not yet, love." He lowered his mouth to the column of Dean's neck and sucked hard, enough to surely leave a hickie.

"Cas, if we don't get on with it you're going to be flying solo." Dean said his hands on Castiel's shoulders as much to hold him down as because he needed to touch.

"Will you cherish me, Dean?" Castiel asked into the curve of Dean's neck.

"Anything," Dean whispered.

"Say it, Dean, promise me you'll cherish me."

He was palming Dean's balls again, his fingertips rubbing against his asshole and Dean was going to come, he was, but Castiel stopped him again. "Promise me you'll cherish me."

"I promise," Dean said, digging his heels in the grass. "I promise I'll cherish you, just please stop teasing me."

"Good, Dean," Castiel said softly, smirking against his cheek, then his hands were slick and wet and rubbing just there and just dipping inside and it felt so good and there was a breeze slowly running over his chest and Dean wanted this, he wanted so much, and he was so close but Cas just wouldn't let him finish. "I promise to cherish you too, forever and after."

His mouth trailed a wet line down Dean's stomach as his fingers pushed in and hard, giving a single wet kiss to the top of his cock before taking in as much as he could with an open and wet mouth, letting Dean's cock stroke the back of his throat as he pushed and twisted and reached with his fingers. Dean was going to, going to.... Castiel removed his mouth and stopped his fingers. "Promise to love only me."

"I promise, I fucking promise to love you, forever and only you, just please don't stop." Dean knew he was whining but seriously Cas wanted to have this conversation now! for a second he thought he could hear a woman laugh but then Cas was sucking his dick again and it didn't matter, he'd obviously imagined it, and against his foreskin he heard Cas say, "I promise to love only you."

Cas pulled his fingers out and Dean let out a high pitched whine, "shush, love," Castiel said, "I am here."

As a woman behind him, Eostre clearly, said, "I now pronounce you married, you may fuck your wife." And even as Dean jumped Castiel pushed in. Which was good because it meant that Dean didn't immediately process what she said as he just wanted more, and wrapped his legs around Cas's hips so he couldn't stop, and Cas was pistoning into him and kissing him and his hands were possessive and there was mud everywhere and grass and fire and Cas pulled off the blindfold so Dean could see him and Cas looked so proud and so happy and Dean felt full and complete and loved.

They could deal with the marriage in the morning, right now Dean just wanted to fuck that proud face unto Castiel until then."