They Finally Told me the Truth 2

By JSR

*****

The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF, 


Elsie had a son, which she named after me, which she said was the way to honor me as the real father. I was elated to have another son, but I could never acknowledge him, except as a grandson.

Janice continued to bug me in that she was always nude when I was around. While I enjoyed watching her physically grow up, my upbringing said that it was wrong for her to show her self to me and everyone else.

The year that Janice turned 13, Bob was almost 16. That summer, Bob said that he could not come down, because he would be taking drivers training, and would not have time. Janice then ask if she could spend the whole summer with me. I told her to ask her mom and dad. Elsie told me that she thought it was a good idea, that way Janice would quit trying to be a mother to her year old brother. Clint said he thought it might keep her out of his hair for a while. He loved her dearly, and wanted her to be happy. She was always happy to be around me, so let her spend the summer with me.

About half way home, we stopped for lunch. When we got back into the car, before I had it out of the restaurant parking lot, Janice was totally nude. Now her tits were growing and she had breasts the size of a tangerine, with nipples as big around as a pencil eraser, and about  of an inch long. As we traveled, she seemed to be oblivious to the stares that she got from other cars, but did acknowledge with a wave of her hand, when a truck driver would blow his horn as we passed him.

I said something to Janice about it, and she replied, I was born nude, so why should I hide my body, especially from you? Our teacher says that not wearing clothing helps our skin to protect us more from some forms of illness. What could I say? I am not a teacher, so I have to guess that they know more than I do. I just sat, drove, and thought about what she had said. 

At home, I drove into the garage and shut the door, so the neighbors could not see Janice as she got out of the car. I told her to go put her things in her room, while I checked out the house. When I got to my room, I saw that she had put all her things in my room. I looked for her, and she was in the living room looking out of the picture window. I ask her why she had put her stuff in my room, and she said, Grandpa, I am tired of getting up in the night and coming to you. I am just going to start sleeping with you, so I don't need to get up, to join you.

I ask, Don't you think you should have ask me first? She said, No, because I know you would have said no. If you tell me I have to go to the other room, I will come in here after you go to sleep anyway, so why not just let me stay. I just shook my head and muttered, Head strong little girl, knowing that she would do just that. I shrugged my shoulders, and went to take a shower. I forgot to lock the bathroom door, and after I was in the shower Janice came in and got in with me. She grabbed the bar of soap, and started washing my cock and balls. I ask her, What are you doing? She smiled at me and said, I think it is called washing your cock and balls. Is it enjoyable for you? I like the feel of doing it for you.

I ask her Where did you learn about doing this? She said, In health class at school, why? I answered, It is not normal for a little girl to be washing her grandfathers private parts. My teacher told us that it is always right to wash private parts before bed time. She did not say that grandfathers should be excluded. Now it's your turn to wash my tits and pussy, please. I said, Your grandmother would never have let me wash hers, why do you think I should wash yours? Her answer floored me. She said, Because I want you to.

That night when we got in bed, she snuggled up to me with her small tits against my back. I was just about asleep, when I felt her hand on my cock. It startled me, and I jumped. She said, Don't worry grandpa, it is just me. I wanted to see what your cock felt like without the soap on it. I said, It is not proper for you to play with my cock. Now leave it alone and go to sleep. Every night for the next three days we went through this routine.

On the fourth day, I received a letter in the mail. It was from Elsie. The first paragraph said, Please do not let Janice know of this letter. I think you will know why by the end of it. Knowing how noisy Janice is, I put the letter in my pocket. I went and found Janice and told her I had to run an errand, and would be back shortly. She wanted to go with me, but I told her that if she did, she would have to be fully dressed. With that she said that she would stay at home.

I drove to a park not to far from home, and sat on a bench. I pulled the letter out and started reading. Dad it said, Please do not let Janice know of this letter. I think you will know why by the end of it. First, a little information I know you do not have. Both Bill and Janice are going to a school know as a Practicable Modern Education school. The school requires that the students be nude at all times. I won't go into all the details except to say that the school is co-ed in all classes except for one. That one is the subject of this letter. This class is just called Health.

The emphasis of this class as you would expect is Health, especially sexual health. The boys are first taught about their own bodies, and later, about girls bodies. The changes the boys go through is thoroughly explored, and then they explain girls bodies in detail and how they should be treated. Sex and pregnancies are very much a part of the classes.

The girls are taught about their own bodies, and the changes that will be coming up. Then they are taught about the boys bodies, and their changes. Each summer, the classes have to have a project and it must be completed by the start of the next school year. These projects are proposed by the students themselves, and voted on. A project must be passed by at least 90% of the students voting for it, else wise another project must be proposed.

Just so that you know, Bill's class this year voted for the following: Each boy must bring in a photograph of him with his cock inside his mother. The father must be aware of this coupling, and either be in the picture, or sign a statement that he witnessed the coupling. Bill fucked me yesterday with Clint watching, and taking the picture.

Now for Janice's project: The girls in her class voted 100% for this project. The project is; Find someone whom your mom and/or dad will approve of and have that man give you a baby. If you are not pregnant by the time school starts, then you may have your dad get you pregnant. Next years classes will be on child rearing, and this was thought up as a way to have practical experience with each girl learning about taking care of her unborn child, and then having to take care of the child after it is born. The child would then each year be taken to the health classes as the girls learn how to treat they infants, and each year, learn how the child develops. I will say that this idea was thought up by your granddaughter. How she convinced everyone in the class to go along with her, I will never know.

She has selected you to be the father of her child. As you know she has always been very loving and open to you, so we approved her selection. Please be gentle with her, and teach her well. We sincerely hope you will cooperate, and bring her back to us very pregnant.

Elsie/with the approval of Clint


I put the letter back in my pocket, and sat there trying to figure out what to do. While I was setting there one of my friends walked by, saw me and decided to chat. After a few pleasantries, he ask where my side kick was. I looked at him kind of funny, and he said, This time of year, you usually have your grandson or granddaughter with you. Did they not come this year? I replied, Yes, my granddaughter is at the house. She did not want to come out today. She is working on some project for school in the fall. 

I'd work on her if I was in your shoes, he said. I ask What do you mean? His answer was, To everyone but you, it seems, it is evident that she want you to fuck her, and if I were you, she would have been pregnant a year or two ago. 

I answered, Now what kind of grandfather would fuck his granddaughter? You must be joking. He said, No, not joking. We all can see it, but evidently you cannot. Take care, I have an appointment in a few minutes. See you later, and think about what I said.

I sat there for a few more minutes, and thought, I know she wants me to, and it seems like everyone else knows it also. Her mom and dad approve. Maybe I should just give her the baby she wants, and let her bare the consequences. By the time I was ready to go home, I had made my decision.

When I pulled into the driveway, I saw Janice standing, nude, in the picture window. She saw me and quickly sat down, thinking I had not seen her. When I entered the living room, I quickly removed my clothing, and sat down. She saw what I had done, and ask if something was wrong. I said, Why do you ask that? She said, This is the first time I have seen you take your clothing off except at bed time. Well I just decided that if you can be nude all the time, why should I wear anything either. She beamed a smile at me, picked up my clothing and took them to my bedroom. She was back almost before she left. She came right up between my legs and pressed against me and said, I hope this will make you feel better, as she took my hands and put them on her lovely young tits.

As I squeezed and played with her small tits, I could see her starting to get excited. I pulled her up on my lap, and stuck one nipple in my mouth and started sucking on it, while my other hand was gently rolling her large nipples between my thumb and forefinger. Her breathing was starting to get faster and faster. She reached down and took hold of my cock and started slowly jacking me off. I quit sucking her nipple long enough to say That feels really good sweetheart. She continued to jack me off, until I came on her stomach. I then told her, Lick my cum off of your stomach, and swallow it. I think you might like the taste of it. Your grandmother loved the taste of my cum.

Janice said, Let me give you a blow job, and if you lay on the floor, we can do a 69. I ask, how do you know about 69's? She said, They taught us about them in health class. I ask, Have you ever done one before? She said, Once, when Billy had to have a picture of him and someone doing it for school. I ask, Did you mom know? Silly she said, Who do you think took the picture? Of course she knew, just like she knows that I am going to get pregnant by you this summer, if I can ever get you to fuck me like I want.

I said, Why do you want an old man like me to give you a baby? Shouldn't it be someone your own age? She said, Grandpa, I love you, even more than I do mom and dad, or brother. I want to take grandma's place in your life, so you can have a long happy life, and not get old and bitter like some old people I have seen. We can have as many kids as you want, but we MUST have one started this summer.

Why the hurry, I ask? I need to be pregnant before school starts this fall. Again I ask, why? She said, It is our class project for this summer, all of us girls in my health class must be pregnant before school starts. I smiled, and said, And just who thought up this fiendish plot? She got a sheepish look on her face and said, I, kinda did, does it matter? All the girls voted for it. I said, I guess it does not matter, but I am a curious person. How did you get all the girls to vote for it? Did you promise them something?

Sorta, did, she said. I answered, Either you did, or you did not. There is no sorta in this case. Well I told two girls that if they went to my dad and told him they needed to be pregnant for school in the fall, that he would try to make them pregnant. Then I told a couple more that Billy would do them, but they had to be in their fertile period, because he did not have much time.

Does your dad and/or Billy know about this? Yes, she answered, I told them, and named the girls that would be contacting them. They both said that the girls would have to work out with their folks some time for them to stay at our house for a few days at their fertile times.

And you started all this, why, I ask? Janice said, So that I could have your baby and live with you to replace grandma. I then pulled her to me and kissed her on the lips. I said, All right, from now on, you are the lady of the house. I forbid you to wear any clothing in the house, and you will be ready for me to fuck you at all times. I will give you the baby you want, but you have to promise that after you finish school, you will come and live here as my wife, and have as many kids as I want you to. You do realize that if you have a boy, it will not only be your son, but also your uncle? And if you have a girl, she will be your daughter and also your aunt? They will also be your dad's grandchildren, and his siblings. They will also be your moms grandchildren. In my case they will by my children and also my great grand children. I hope no one tries to do genealogy on them, it would drive them nuts, trying to figure out things.

She hugged me and kissed me and said, Husband, please fuck me a baby. I said, Put my cock to the entrance to your pussy and push your self down on it. You are going to do all the work this time, that way if you have a lot of pain from breaking your hymen, you can only blame yourself. Just take your time and enjoy being stuffed with a cock for the first time.

That fall when I had to take Janice back, so she could go to school, she was about 2 months pregnant. I stayed a month with the family, at night fucking my lovely Janice, and in the day time fucking her mom.

After I went home, every month I would get a picture of Janice (nude of course) showing me the progress of her pregnancy. Her tits were growing by leaps and bounds, and in her 8th month, she was up to a 34D, and they were still growing. Her nipples almost doubled in length. Her mom was now pregnant with another of my children, and Clint had fathered a child by each of the girls that Janice sent to him. Billy not only fathered the children of the two girls that were sent to him, but also his own girlfriend was now 5 months along.

If Elsie had not sent that letter to me explaining what Janice had done, I probably would still be an old man with no family. However, I now have my beautiful granddaughter/wife and three children by her. 

LIFE DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS!!!!

Comments and suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
