Flashing In Pubs
by mickthetrick

A description of one or two pubs my wife flashed in.

Once, years ago, my wife, a devout exhibitionist, and I used to go to pubs where we weren't known, something we did quite often. Sometimes she would wear clothing showing off a particular part of her body, e.g low cut neckline, split skirt, see-through blouse,  very short skirt with stockings, clothes so tight it was obvious her lack of underwear and the like.

This type of evening started with her showing herself to me only, first her breasts, then normally her shaved pussy also. This would always make me rock hard, and hopefully, I would be able, depending on circumstances, to masturbate her, and even myself.

I remember once she was sitting opposite me, with five or six people sitting quite far behind her. She had opened her dress totally, exposing all of her body to me. I was rock hard, squeezing myself through my trousers. I had carried one of her favourite vibrators in my boot, and brought it out, and handed it to her. This gave her the spur to start wanking using the vibrator, first to tease her clit and lips, causing her pussy to open, shining wet with her wetness. Then she started plunging the vibrator deep within herself,  trying to keep quiet, and not give away to the people behind her what was going on. She eventually came in a torrent; beautiful to watch,  but leaving me frustrated that I couldn't wank at the sight. 

If a pub was really quiet, normally midweek, I even managed to coax her to walk to the loo naked, carrying her dress over her arm, then wear it back to our table, unless really quiet, then no need to wear it even.

This behaviour eventually led to her allowing glimpses of her breast maybe to another person, making it look like a wardrobe malfunction. Similarly, a glimpse of pussy would sometimes be afforded to someone else in a similar manner. On later occasions, we agreed to let another person look at her body with eye to eye contact, making sure the person was aware it was intentional. This was very exciting, making me hard at the same time as some stranger.

We continued like this for some time, occasionally letting more than one person see her body. This always made us so excited, we would fuck like rabbits after getting home, retelling the experience to each other.

This particular evening my wife was wearing panties but no bra under a wrapover dress. After a number of drinks, my wife was feeling really horny, and asked me did I want her to flash the other guys in the room. I knew what she wanted, so told her to go ahead.

She  went to the loo and removed her panties. She wasn't wearing a bra under her dress, a favourite, as it was so easy to show whatever you wanted. She was facing the room, where there were five men who obviously knew each other.

My wife slowly pulled the top of her dress to one side, revealing more of a breast. The men noticed, so she let her dress slip across her leg, showing a great deal of her leg almost up to her panty line. She was hot as hell now, smiling to the five guys, and slowly moved her dress to totally reveal her breast. The guys were enthralled, and when she moved the lower part of the dress to reveal her wide open, soaking wet pussy, I didn't know who was more excited. Me, her, or them.

The five guys came and sat closer to us, and when my wife started to touch herself, one hand teasing her breast, the other running a finger up and down her slit, spreading the wetness, then putting one, then two fingers into her cunt, they took this as a signal to get their cocks out and start to pull them. I did the same and soon all seven people in the room were wanking freely.

Even though unspoken, one by one, each guy, when ready to come, stood up, approached her, and in turns shot their loads over her body. I did the same.

My wife, when she came, squirted a huge gush over anything near her. She was a hell of a sight, come splattered over all the front of her body and dress. She told the five guys that she hoped they'd enjoyed as much as she had, put her dress back together as much as possible, said goodnight, and we then went home to fuck while talking over the night's events. A brilliant night, one of many.
