Hi and I am Ramesh and now I am 20. This started two years back. I come from a typical middle income group family in Coimbatore and we live in the outskirts and I am currently doing my college. My parents run a small grocery shop and we live in the house behind it.

Being outskirts the houses are quiet big and in the house we used to have a bathroom with a partition. My father was not the biological father since my original father left us when I was born my mother married one of her cousins who were slightly younger to her.

My mother was around 37 at that time and my father step father was 35 and he was very friendly to me and we all lived happily after and I started watching internet and was interested in incest, gay group the age was all.

I wanted was a human body what it was immaterial. My parents used o work the whole day from morning 6 am to night 9 pm and my mother used to come in during lean times to make food.

Something about my mom she is thin and very beautiful very good complexion and a shinning skin that is characteristic of our family she used to wear glasses. My step father was fat but very fair.

One day I came home from college ad came in through the back entrance as I went near the shop to meet my parents if heard a different sound and slowed I slowly peeped through the storage shelves that was also the partition for the store room of the shop and the house.

My step father was seated on a gunny sack with his lungi up and my mother was kneeling in front of him ad sucking him he was keeping his eyes closed. Some customer came and my mother went out to service them that time he opened his eyes to adjust his lungi.

He saw me but I did not know that and then my mother came in after the customer went he changed positions and started licking my mother she was sitting on the gunny sack. He lifted her legs up and put his tool inside her and started humping her like wild.

He came in a few minutes and he pulled his dick out he kept her in that position to allow the cum to flow outside the ensured that I had a good view of it and after that he went to the shop and my mo adjusted her dress. I tip toed to the main door and called my mom.

She came and smiled and served me lunch suddenly my father came in and told my mom to go to the shop and he served me food and then he asked me to follow him to his room he closed the door.

I was very scared he told me that he saw me peeping through the hole and wanted to know if he can tell this to my mom. I requested him not to do so. I begged and told him.

I would do anything for him and he asked me o kneel and lifted his lungi that is when I noticed he had a very thick dick almost 3 inches but very short. He asked me to suck on it and I obediently did after all the videos and I have seen on net and I started doing it expertly he told me.

I was better than my mom and we both heard our mom coming and we got up and adjusted ourselves. That day in the night at around 10 pm he came to my room and asked me to pull my shots down I also did mine was long but thin.

He started fondling it and I started responding. He asked if i loved my mom I said yes and if I would like to fuck her. I bent my head and said yes I love it. He told me that they have the habit of taking alcohol every night just 2 rounds to remove the body pain and said he will come and call me after 1 hours.

After 30 minutes he came and called me to his room my mother was sleeping he told me that he has given her 4 rounds extra and she was sloshed. He lifted her saree and opened her legs she also responded he asked me to ride I also got on top of her was riding her.

She was also giving the right movement. I came in a few minutes I got up and went back to my room. The next day my mom was looking at me in a different manner and was very affectionate when I was leaving for college my father called me in

And said he has spoken to my mom about what has happened and has given the logic that if we do not satisfy him he might go elsewhere. So it is better that we do it. So she had accepted and he had also told her that I had fucked her already and it was ok.

So I did not go to college that day they asked me to wait in the store room behind the shop so that they can come in whenever no customer was there. By ten minutes my dad came back and asked me to remove all my clothes and stand nude there.

I also did and was excited. He was feeling my body and squeezing my penis and he bent and started sucking on it. He told me this is just what he wanted to satisfy my mom in her arse. He told me that my biological father has the habit of ripping her arse more and his dick was of the similar shape as mine.

Since my step father dick was very large he was not able to insert inside her arse. My father was leaning next to me fondling my dick and balls and talking to me he also asked me to squeeze his dick over his lungi and I was also fondling it. My mom came in to pick up some stuff for a customer.

She saw us in that position came near us and gave a quick kiss on my dad's lips and went to the counter with the stuff as it was a rainy season rain the climate was cloudy. My dad was repeatedly shaking and fondling my balls. And then he asked me to sit on the floor and suck him he was leaning on a rice sack.

I was sucking him he was fondling my head very affectionately. My mom came in for some stuff again. I was also feeling little uncomfortable. She just kneeled next to me and started French kissing me and said I love you in my years and she just pinched me in my dick and held it for a few seconds before going outside to attend a customer.

After sometime my mom came in and asked my dad to manage the counter. She also leaned on the rice bag and was hugging me she is a pretty tall lady almost my height and she was fondling my arse and trying to hold my balls from the backside I also opened my thighs to enable her to reach it and then both of us heard the main shutter of the shop close.

My dad came in and said it is raining heavily we cannot expect customers and as he came near us he pulled his dhoti off to reveal his big paunch and thick dick and he cam stood on the other side of my mom and started French kissing her.

He casually lifted my mom as I told you earlier she was thin he just hoisted her and made her to sit on his dick she fit her cunt over his dick like a glove. he opened her arse wide using both his hands and asked me to insert my dick inside.

I bent a little and tried it went in so smoothly I actually felt my dad's dick with my dick inside my mom the feeing as great and my mom was moaning and saying so many years my dad asked me to position tight and to hold his hips tightly.

I also did he took hold of my mom's hip and started shaking her so that she was handling both the dicks with ease he started doing the real wild and my mom was literally screaming but he kept biting on her mouth to stop the lund from coming out.

After a few minutes I came in her arse and my dad also came inside her. All the three of us slid down to the floor exhausted, we had all the flour and dirt on us. I was nude and my mom just fell me and kissed thanks to me. She said I would give you a gift today evening.

That day evening my mom's invited her neighbours for dinner. They were a couple of 28 female and 44 male and after dinner they were from a village and where this age difference is common. My mother asked them to stay back and I knew what was going to happen.

She then told me that after my dad died and before she got married this man only took care of her physical needs and today they are one happy large family. That husband wanted to gift a young boy for his wife and they had been enjoying me for a long time.

My dad sat with a whiskey in his hand while my mom shared a beer with the next door uncle they spread a mattress in the centre and asked to enjoy that lady. This finally ended into an endless orgy and that lad was dusky but thin like my mom and had small arse and breasts. To be continued. Please don't forget to give feedback. Thanks
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!