Title: Taking Care Of The Boys - Chapter 5
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: Summer vacation, new babies arrive, visiting family, off to college, grandpa visits (sharing, incest, watersports)
*****************************************************************

Leti and Rita were noticeably pregnant by the time of the beach vacation with swelling bellies and tits. Leti had a two month head start and was self conscious about being naked. She needn't have been concerned; the mothers in waiting were the star attractions. The other women wanted to rub their bellies and the men wanted to rub everything, especially the inside parts. With minor accomodations they enjoyed all the hard cock they could handle. Having pregnancy hornies, the abundance of available erections was a real blessing. It was a good thing that housemistressing kept their cunts well toned because, with 10 very interested men available, it was easy to get laid whenever the urge occurred, which was pretty often. At first they would take their partners to a bedroom, but by the second day, it was easier just fucking on one of the chaise lounges in the beach shelters or on the fouton in the sun room. They began to enjoy showing off and there would often be a hard cock or two waiting for an invitation when their present partner finished. One afternoon the two hotties were near each other and began to compete. They used their cunt skills to get their partners off quickly and take on the next hard dick. After pulling trains of 7 each they called it a tie and needed a break. Young Nate impressed everyone with his stamina...he had fucked Leti, then Rita, and then Leti again.

Of course there was plenty to do besides sex so different activity groups would get together to shop, fish, scuba dive, wind surf, walk the beach, play cards, and just hang out. Rascally Rita organized two piss parties in a secluded area of the beach not far from the house. She and Judi were the stars with most of the men participating in one way or another. Everyone had advance notice to load up on liquids. Rita's bladder couldn't hold much but little Judi surprised everyone with her capacity and accuracy. The second party a few days later was attended only by the younger people, except Nate who had another committment. This time Rita arranged piss duels between the guys where they started a distance apart and walked towards each other. The first one to hit the other's dick was the winner. It was done elimination style with breaks to "refill". All this was new to Leti but she got in the spirit by offering her well rounded body to the winner as a "special target". Dan won and, after a refill break, covered his prize with hot liquid. She moaned in orgasm as his powerful stream hit her clit. When he finished they both ran into the ocean to rinse then headed for the beach house for an hour of hot screwing. The "consolation" prizes were that each guy had to partner up with an unrelated guy and jack him off onto Rita's spread cunt and then, when he softened enough, aim his pee to rinse the cum off. After one of each pair had done Rita while the others watched, the teams swapped roles and the other men did the same to Judi. The women were amused with some of the guys' reactions to touching another man but eventually everyone had fun. During all the liquid deposits the two targets rubbed the assorted juices all over each others' bodies. They walked to the swim shower all messy and very aroused. After a rinse off they went to the nearest shelters and got well laid.

The two weeks went by happily with no one complaining about being bored! New friendships were developed and consummated repeatedly. Many new things were tried and shared with others as well as regular partners. Younger and older enjoyed each others' personalities and bodies without reservation. Everyone wished they could be on vacation forever!  

Myra and Rob had enjoyed being roommates and regular lovers so much on vacation that she gave up her apartment and moved in with him. It wasn't romantic love but a real friends with benefits arrangement. Judi thought it was great because it was much more convenient to fuck Bill, Bob, Nate, and occasionally Rob . She was careful to not change how often she banged each of them for Bill's sake, although she did suggest a 3some or 4some once in a while. She essentially took over the housemistressing that Anna had been doing but didn't live there. She wished she could.

Anna continued to visit for old times sake while she looked for new employment. She found an ideal job as housemistress for a single career mom with three teenage boys. Since the woman travelled frequently Anna would stay with them overnight on those occasions and the pay was the best she ever had. The youngest boy was a virgin and the other two didn't know much. Anna loved it. She had been a teacher so she really enjoyed the educational part of her housemistressing. It wasn't all fun and bed games. She was quite serious that her charges learn all the other important aspects of sex beyond "sticking it in and cumming". She knew from experience that new "students" would usually fall in love with her after a few good pieces and get jealous that she was banging their brothers too. That was a perfect opportunity to learn about the emotional part of sex, recognizing the difference between love and lust, and nip male possessiveness in the bud. They learned real quick just who owned her pussy...and it wasn't them! The boys had to demmonstrate knowledge of physiology, disease prevention, legal issues, and female psychology before they got any "lab" work. Anna really enjoyed the bed time with young beginners. They were SO eager and SO hard and SO fascinated with all the things she showed them. They ejaculated SO forcefully it would make her cervix tingle and, even if they didn't last long the first time, they would often just keep pumping their way to the next one without gettin soft. She got a LOT of physical and emotional pleasure from training them to be good lovers. They would never forget her, that's for sure. 

It was decided that this family would not become part of The Group. It was getting almost too big. Myra did apply to be the substitute housemistress and would occasionally go along to "help". She enjoyed young guys' eager peckers too. There was discussion that they needed to bring Judi over once in a while so these youngster would realize that young pussy was good too!

Leti delivered two big brown baby boys in early September. Due to their size she had a Caesarean delivery. She didn't like the scar but her pussy wouldn't have to heal!  Thomas got acting real fatherly with "his" second set of twin boys. Myra became real motherly towards the little guys and insisted on becoming housemistress temporarily since Rita was in her seventh month.

Thomas was pressured to have DNA studies done to settle the paternity bets. As he repeatedly pointed out, Leti was his wife so HE was the twins legal father. After a short time it was clear that they were not identical so the speculation got even more intense. Even Leti was wondering which of her many lovers had scored the big "goals". Finally, after having his lawyer draw up nine paternity release agreements, the samples were submitted to a lab. When they returned, a party was arranged for the opening of the envelopes after Leti was given the OK for sex. She announced that the father(s) would get first pussy from her. Thomas opened the first envelope. The smaller boy had been sired by Nate...small but mighty, as the women well knew. He beamed and ran over to hug Leti, his mouth at her nipple height. She gave him a mouthful of milk and grabbed his already erect cock. The second envelope revealed that the other baby came from one of the twins...but couldn't specify which one! Thomas was tickled that he had a true grandson, or half-stepson, or whatever. It didn't break Leti's heart that she would get an MFM threesome after Nate warmed up her pussy and filled it with his copious lube. After lots of champagne and revelry, the dark sex queen took her three princes to the bedroom. Myra took Thomas home with her since there was no room to spare in his bed. They had rarely screwed since the summer vacation. Rita invited her two brothers to her bed for the night and Dan went with Anna for a threesome with her husband. Rob was not neglected since Judi arranged for an overnight stay. They had never spent the night together. She previously had a few short fucks with Nate's dad, but this was a special occasion and Nate was quite occupied. Her parents assumed that she would be staying with her boyfriend Bill. She didn't lie but also didn't tell. The next morning the whole smiling crew went out for a late breakfast. The women were looking forward to getting back to their regular partner to swap stories and reconnect. And they all needed more sleep!   

Rita and Dan's girl baby arrived the day before Thanksgiving. Anna and Myra swooped in again even though Rita had mothering practice with the new twins. Dan finally had to tell them that he wanted some alone time with his wife and child. They did insist on taking turns relieving any hornies he might have that Leti couldn't handle. He "graciously" enjoyed their concerns for his sexual satisfaction since they were terrific surrogate wives in bed. 

With three new babies and two families in the house there was rarely a quiet moment day or night. Added to that was the frequent but helpful presence of Myra and Anna. Thomas had a separate connected office space which he declared "off limits" when the door was closed. Dan would retreat there when the female presence got overwhelming and he needed quiet time to get things done. He had taken a well paying job at a local software development company so he and Thomas would share ideas and insight in addition to the occasional wife.  

Bill had been accepted at the state university for the major he wanted so he was transferring from the community college after the holidays. This was several hours away so commuting wasn't practical. When he got the news he consulted with his mother then arranged a time to meet with Judi and Nate. He seated them together on the couch and told them about his academic plans. Moving closer he took one hand of each and got very serious. "Judi, I will not be able to be with you very much. It has been pretty limited even this last semester. Everyone has seen how well you and Nate get along and how close you have become. I love you very much and because of that I think a change is best for all of us." Putting their hands together and holding them in his, he smiled and continued. "I now pronounce you boyfriend and girlfriend! Go consummate this new relationship..." With tears in her eyes, Judi kissed him and took Nate to Bill's bedroom. A half hour later they returned holding hands. She unzipped Bill's pants, releasing his erection, and sat her freshly fucked pussy down on it. After a lot of deep kissing she got up and gave him a first class blowjob. She finished by saying how much she appreciated the way he had changed her life. He would always have a special place in her heart and pussy, and she would look forward to school vacations.   

Dan's new job paid well so the small family looked for their own place. It was wonderful being with Thomas' family but they  were ready for some more independence. But not too much so they found a nice townhouse to rent in the same part of town as the others. The other households donated a bunch of stuff and they had lots of help picking out furnishings and decorating. The first night in their own home seemed almost lonely after the hubbub they had been living in. The christening lovemaking in the new marital bed brought tears to Rita's eyes and she sobbed with happiness in Dan's arms. The baby's room had a bed which would be the "playpen" for any and all extramarital sex. The marital bed was reserved for them.

Dan worked long hours in his new job but Rita was far from lonely. Her mother and Anna stopped by every day to check on the mother and baby. The redhead's sex drive had fully recovered so having her various lovers visit once or twice a week when their schedule permitted was greatly appreciated. When Dan had an overnight work trip her oldest brother Bob or her uncle might stay with her but in the "Guest room". She could also overnight at Thomas' or Anna's or her mother's house for some 3some fun.  

When the new twins were old enough to travel, Thomas arranged to take mother and children to visit her family in South Africa. Judi was invited to accompany them to help with child care. She had never been outside of the US so her parents saw it as a real educational oportunity. She took two weeks of schoolwork with her. It was a very long flight so they stayed two nights in London to break it up. Thomas had been there before so was a great tour guide during the brief stop. It was quite a sight to see the middle aged man squiring a big black woman and a small blond one, each tending to a brown baby. The first night they were exhausted from travel, but not the second. The three were sharing a king size bed and Judi had never screwed Thomas so Leti insisted she have him first. Then Judi got to look after the infants while the spouses had their fun.

Finally arriving at Leti's home town set off a local celebration. She had been sending messages, pictures, and video all along. There were a lot of family memebers living nearby so a big welcome had been planned. The jet lag was minimal on the second leg of the journey so the visitors could handle the festivities. Thomas and Judi were the only pale skinned people in attendance so were the subject of much interest. Leti had told them both that the sexual customs of the family were much like theirs and there was a great interest in them as bed partners. Leti had several uncles and cousins that she wanted to get naked with and encouraged the two of them to enjoy her family as well. Like her, very few had experienced sex with a white person. Almost all extramarital sex was within the extended family because of the dangers of disease so Leti's mother, a beautiful woman just barely forty, would always make sure that any potential partners for her family were trustworthy and capable. She wanted to check out her daughter's husband and Leti's youngest brother was a handsome brown man Judi's age. They all spoke excellent British English so the next day mom and brother took Thomas and Judi on a sightseeing tour of the area. It was a good way to get better acquainted. Thomas knew that Leti would have sisters who were eager to care for the twins while she took care of some male relatives. Having native guides made the tour most interesting and they arrived back at dinnertime to be greeted by a glowing Leti. After dinner, Leti's charming and polite brother Eddie (that's the best English pronunciation) took Judi to some teen nightspots for music and dancing. Since Nate was a lousy dancer, this was fun and she loved to dance. Arriving home the two found a private place and she made out with a black man for the first time. They got each other off orally but she wasn't ready for full sex with the young man she had just met. She also noted that he was bigger than Nate but not a giant like legend said. Actually about Thomas' size. Leti was fucked out so she just watched while Thomas gave Judi a good screwing while she told them about her evening with Eddie.

The next day was quite different. After a leisurely morning and lunch, Leti's mother Mara wanted to get to know her daughter's husband VERY well. Being a gentleman, Thomas gladly obliged. She was much the size of Leti though not as athetic and quite a bit more rounded. Built for comfort, as the saying goes. She had fucked a white man before but it was only to keep her job. This time proved a lot more enjoyable as he skillfully pleasured her with his hands and mouth before putting his substantial erection into the love canal that his wife had emerged from, a fact not lost on either of them. After cumming together, Mara cleaned his dick with her mouth and used her pillow tits to resurrect his hardon. She got on top this time and teased his face with her big hangers. He could really appreciate their soft dark fullness as they swung above him.

Eddie took Judi on his motorbike to a nude beach hoping she wouldn't be too shy. She wasn't. He marvelled at her slim fair skinned beauty and she got a bit wet seeing his muscled body for the first time in daylight. Like his sister, he played soccer and also worked construction part time. Judi noticed that he was having trouble keeping his dick soft so found a secluded place and gave him a quick blowjob. Although she had been nude among others at the vacation beach house, this was her first time in public. There were all shapes, sizes, and colors which was fascinating. They held hands, kissed, and hugged as they walked, swam, talked, and laid in the sun. On the ride home she kept grabbing his erection through his pants pockets as she hung on behind him on the motorbike. She was not a prick teaser so when they got home she took him into the shower with her and then to his bed where each of them began their first interracial and international sexual congress. There was light from the window so they could aqppreciate the contrast of his dark hands on her pale tits and see her pink pussy swallowing his black rod. Yet, when they closed their eyes, the feelings and pleasures were little different than with other partners. Being young, they easily fucked in three different positions before dinner. After dinner they went dancing again but were accompanied by the other of Leti's two brothers. Now that her inhibitions were relaxed, she had fun dancing with them both and got double fucked before going to the room she shared with Thomas and Leti. They were laying quietly joined so she sat naked on the edge of their bed and each shared their day with the others. Leti was pleased by Thomas' story about her mother and said she would like to watch them sometime. He had also done her older sister that evening. Judi got a big kiss and a dark hand rubbing her wet pussy as she told about her fun with the brothers. The talking and rubbing got her aroused again and Thomas was fucked out, so Leti ate her brothers' cum out of Judi until she climaxed.  

The family fucking slowed down a bit for the rest of the visit. Leti had the longest list, of course, and managed a catch up screw each morning and afternoon, saving enough energy for her husband at night. She spent one afternoon visitng and bedding a 72 year old maternal grandfather who still had the biggest cock she had ever taken. Watching her husband fuck her mother got Leti so turned on that she had to screw him immediately with her mother watching. Thomas also got to experience Leti's favorite girl cousin and an aunt. Judi's "dance card" included Eddie every day, a couple of repeats with the other brother and a one off with a young uncle. After hearing about grandpa she was curious but it couldn't be arranged. On the last night before leaving, each of the travellers spent the night with a favorite partner. Judi with Eddie, Thomas with Mara, and Leti with the boyfriend she had before she went to America. The overnight on the return trip was in Frankfurt and the three travellers returned home weary but filled with memories and stories. 

After a full day to adjust and recover from the travelling, regular lives were resumed. Anna, Myra and Rita were bursting with curiosity and, when Leti got to the sexual stories, would diddle themselves pretty steadily. None of them had ever experienced any other race as lovers. They were all breathing harder as she told about Thomas and her mother as well as screwing her well endowed grandfather. Leti jokingly suggested she arrange for him to visit them. He was quite healthy and would very much enjoy their white pussies. No one objected to the idea, she noted. Thomas also had stories to relate. He selectively shared them with the other guys one on one over beers. They were all fascinated with his fucking Leti's mom. That was a special experience.

Judi had told her parents about the trip, of course, but had to leave out the juicy sex parts. From the way she talked about Eddie they wondered just how friendly they had gotten, but couldn't really imagine their young daughter fucking a black guy. Besides, she had a boyfriend. Of course, she didn't volunteer any information. Nate, on the other hand, deserved the whole story and he got it. Judi wisely piecemealed it out so she got a fuck from him for every one she told about. After he had matched them all cum for cum, which took quite a while, he felt that he had reclaimed her in a way. Even though he was accustomed to other cocks being in his favorite cunt, he had been apprehensive during the trip. Her emails hadn't been at all descriptive of anything besides the touristy stuff. She teased him that he had been too busy with the other women to miss her. When he looked real serious and said that her absence made him realize how much he loved her, she hugged him and started crying, sobbing that she loved him too.   

About a month after the African trip Nate wanted to visit the college where Bill was studying since he was looking ahead too. Judi realized that the trip would be good for her as well. Her parents knew she was fucking Nate so they just got a single hotel room for the weekend. Bill lived in the dorms and was happy to meet them for Friday dinner out. Nate noticed during dinner how Judi and Bill looked at each other, having been apart for a couple of months, so he dropped them off at the hotel and said he'd be back in an hour. When he returned they were still screwing with Judi riding hard. He gave her a wet kiss and a couple of tit squeezes then got undressed and laid beside them in the big bed. He hadn't been naked with her for a few days but didn't want to distract her too much from reconnecting with her previous boyfriend. Judi reached over to grasp his hard cock as she squealed with her climax. Bill pushed up hard and gave short strokes as he shot his second load into her grasping vagina. When her breathing slowed a bit she rolled off between the men and pulled Nate on top of her. "Just be in me," she said softly. He easily penetrated her silky cunt and held her close. After a while she began humping her hips against him and he soon filled her with his copious seed. They all slept with Judi's lighthearted request in their ears "Wake me when you can do me some good!" 

The guys brought breakfast back to the room since their hot honey was still fast asleep. She had taken them both doggy and later spoon during the night. As late as it was they showered together and went to campus to accomplish the purpose of the trip. That evening the trio saw a movie and spent another pleasure filled night in the big bed. During the drive home Judi held Nate's hand and put her head on his shoulder. She thanked him for being such a very special loving boyfriend. "There are damn few guys that could handle their woman getting as much strange cock as I do. I'm so glad you understand how much I love to fuck and explore my sexuality right now. Even on vacation and the trip to Africa when I was trying out lots of new partners, you were still my main man...the one I wanted to tell about it. You are the one I come back to because you are in my heart and not just my cunt. By the way, I'm not expecting to put any new notches on my bedpost for the forseeable future. I have plenty of good men to keep up with already!" Nate cupped a breast with the arm he had around her, "You are my main squeeze too. Don't forget that I'm enjoying some good pussy besides yours so I completely understand. We are both very fortunate to be in such a suppportive environment."
