**ALL THAT WAS ASKED FOR... AND THEN SOME**
A final measure confirmed a non-adjusted 18 inches from top to bottom including the padded surface of my newly finished custom bench. It would be absolutely perfect in both height and length. Of course, solely at my whim the ends of the bench top could be adjusted as could the four restraining straps. Stepping back to admire my work confirmed the confidence I'd had during the construction phase but given that the measurements were calculated from pictures she'd posted online there really was never any doubt. Far more costly devices were easily sourced online but part of the thrill and excitement was the effort that went into constructing what I'd come to call 'the ultimate sex bench'. A constant thrill throughout the construction was the vivid images I imagined of how I would use her so completely once I managed to get her strapped to the device.
Second year sociology class had been an absolute bore but I'd considered it the lesser of evils when selecting elective courses and this one had the advantage of being a night course which meant that students often left class and headed straight for the on campus pub. This held the promise I'd been looking for in meeting some new women outside of the already known and to some degree, explored pool of females in my own faculty.
I had several goals about who I would next notch into my bedpost of conquests. I hadn't yet decided but had managed to narrow the categories. I'd already explored extremely tall as well as way tiny. I'd earned my blackbelt and in first year managed to engage in my first MFF threesome. Big tits, small tits, bubble butt and squirter were already crossed off the list as well as every imaginable hair colour. This moment called for a new adventure and I'd narrowed it down to Asian or innocent-type with either built-in or all of the potential for being a sexual beast.
First class I noticed that perfect ass walk down the aisle past my seat in the very back. The brunette hair was in a pony which had always been a predilection of mine. It was the second class before I learned her name was Lauren and that she had a waist and firm set of tits to match what might have been one of the finest asses I had ever seen. It only took the third class to exchange numbers and share a few drinks with other classmates at the pub. Our first conversation solidified that this was a woman I had to fuck. But the question was how best to get to my ultimate goal but I was willing to be patience for this was not a woman I wanted to fuck only once. I wanted to turn this woman into my everyday fuck machine. A woman wanting or at least willing to fuck on request regardless of the hour or any other circumstances for that matter. Her body clearly suggested she was built for fucking. Time would tell whether she already knew what she was doing or whether some education would need to be shared. Either way, I was certain that she was the one and was willing to exercise patience until I could get her fully within my sexual orbit which she would come to learn, meant my control.
As seems to be the new reality of broadening a relationship between two people with an initial mutual curiosity, texting became the framework of learning about each other with a subtle dose of flirting as the text exchanges became more frequent and later at night. Our texting relationship allowed for a level of comfort that gradually led to more risqué topics and more personal details to be revealed.
Though I'd imagined more times that I could count, as I looked down at the now completely vulnerable woman before me I wondered if Lauren had foreseen herself in this position. Clearly, I'd been both subtle and vague but fairly put, she should have had some sense of where this would all lead. I savoured these moments of inaction where I could just look upon her and take whatever pictures I desired. Later, she would learn of the multiple hidden cameras recording this monumental occasion. Trust me I had said -- and inexplicably, she had.
I looked directly in her eyes as I circled the bench and took pictures of her in a pose that was without question, the most vulnerable she had ever been in. I had a hard time reading her expression but was confident that she was completely consenting even though she could have no way of knowing all that she was about to experience. I made certain throughout to regard her fingers in case she lost her nerve and made the safe signal to ease back or stop altogether. At least at this point, she made no sign of backing out. It was truly a marvel to witness such blind trust and total submission.
Lauren was on all fours over top of the padded bench. Her delicate ivory flesh was completely exposed. Her arms were secured at the front of the bench while her knees were secured at the back and adjusted for the moment to have her legs tightly together which forced the lips of her sex to squeeze out between her thighs in one of my favorite poses. Finally, a strap around her waist firmly held her torso to the padded bench and just incase she felt awkward about what conversation we might have together at the start of this adventure, her very wet panties had been balled up and placed in her mouth to keep her ears attentive.
How, you might ask did I manage to get Lauren to agree to all of this in only five short weeks? Actually, it was much easier than I'd imagine. The growing flirtatiousness of our texting relationship had sowed the seeds. This of course, had led to an increasing level of comfort in class and the now regular after class trips to the bar. Alcohol didn't hurt with lowering the defences but of course, it was only Lauren's that had needed to be lowered -- my objective was well formulated from the first time I watched those hard asscheeks walk past my seat and if there had been any doubt about my choice that fateful day, Lauren's well defined camel toe on day three had left me absolutely fixated on learning how that incredible body looked and felt like up close.
Lauren's mistake had been sharing her fantasies. Of course, this was all with a measure of safety over the texting medium and some weak qualifiers had been given leaving it open to imagine whether her fantasies were to remain just that or whether they were experiences she actually wanted to have. It was with this uncertainty clouding my confidence that I had chosen tonight as the night for bold action. Several drinks in for comfort when finally I asked her whether she had actually come out to the bar without panties.
"I might be commando tonight but no one will ever know whether I'm wearing anything under this summer dress!"
We were seated at a round table with several other friends. All of us were well on the way to a good piss up and Lauren had seemed more flirtatious than usual in public. Seated to her immediate left with our backs against the wall and our friends on the other side of the table I decided that now was the time to make the move that would either take us to somewhere spectacular or bring it all to a crashing end.
Reaching over while Lauren was in conversation with someone on the other side of the table I put my right hand on her bare knee. She looked at me for a fleeting moment but carried on with her conversation and most importantly, made no move to remove my hand. Before the moment could be reversed I quickly slid my hand all of the way up her thigh and placed my hand over her panty covered mound. Without looking directly at her I whispered in her ear that I guess we now know the truth of what you were wearing. Without waiting for a response, I pulled her panties to the side and slid my index finger between her very wet lips and toyed with her moving in and out and up against the G-spot.
Lauren's speech stuttered and she made the excuse to whomever she was gabbing with, about suddenly feeling the effects of the alcohol. For over ten minutes I kept my finger inside her as she tried to act as though nothing of consequence was occurring beneath the table. With my left hand I pushed send on a text that had been composed before I had made the bold decision to plunge my hand up the skirt of a woman that I had been masturbating to since the first time I saw her ass walk past me in sociology class.
The message was short and straight to the point: "I want to make you cum without fucking you. If you are for it, lets get out of here. If you enjoy what I do to you tonight I will then want to fuck you on my terms and with my absolute control." And so it was that Lauren got up from the table the minute she'd read my text and made some excuse about having to get up for class the next day. I of course, had agreed to walk her home.
Our walk home was a drunken affair of kissing, groping and laughing. No words were spoken of what was about to happen and none were needed. When we entered her residence and the door to her room closed it was a frantic race to see who could get naked faster. I laid her on bed and climbed on top of her. As we made out I could feel her heart racing against my own chest. I could sense my adrenaline raging and it was all I could do not to thrust into her right then and there. The head of my cock was nestled against her wet sex and the movement of her hips was begging me to plunge into her warm depths but, my plan was one that required patience and I was determined to stay focused on the long game.
I worked my way slowly down Lauren's body making sure to cover as much of her canvas as possible with kisses and lite bights to give a suggestion of what might be to come in the future. I particularly enjoyed feeling her fulsome breasts and suckling her hardened nipples. Eventually, I made my way down between her thighs. I moved back to the floor and pulled her body so that her body remained on the bed with her thighs over my shoulders. I started to lick her clit while using the first two fingers of my right hand to teasingly probe between her inner lips. Her hips curled and begged for deeper penetration but I was determined to draw it out. With the thumb of my left hand I started to rub ever so lightly at the rosebud between the cheeks of her sexy ass. Lauren's legs clamped tighter around my neck as her hips raised off of the bed. My fingers plunged deeper and my tongue really went to work on her sensitive clitoris. Even as I probed her deeper and decided that now was the time I would make Lauren cum hard my thumb only tickled the sensitive outside of her asshole without probing -- that would wait for the encore performance. If I had been deaf to the sounds emanating from somewhere deep inside Lauren's body, I could not have mistaken the signs of a very powerful orgasm. Her goose pimpled thighs locked around my neck with a force that was equaled by the pulsing walls of her vagina around my thrusting fingers. Her asscheeks squeezed tight but still my circling thumb teased that sexual region that is far too often neglected or denied.
And so it was after full body convulsions that left Lauren breathless from orgasm and me from the efforts of trying to please her between strongly clamped thighs that had led us to this moment. Lauren was surprised when I simply stood up and in the space of less than a minute, was able to stroke my cock and spray my cum across her tummy and tits. She was even more surprised that I wasn't going to spend the night and more to the point, had no intention of fucking her -- yet.
"Trust me," I had said and she had. It was this trust that had her now strapped to the bench waiting for what she knew would be the first time we would fuck but very much with the understanding that the experience would be at my sole direction and control. Adjusting the straps I spread her legs as wide as they would go knowing that her body was comfortably relaxed on the bench top. Using both hands I pulled her ass cheeks apart with enough force to elicit some sort of muffled sound. The next sensation she experienced was my tongue giving her anus a similar treatment she'd experienced from my fingers. The immediate shifting of her hips suggested perhaps she was surprised or possibly uncertain of whether she was ready to breach this threshold. But of course, the decision was not really hers. I responded by smacking her ass so hard that this very first message of control left no doubt of who was in charge.
Ten minutes of worshipping Lauren's ass while also teasing her clit and sometimes poking into her wet cunt had her squirming on the bench. Every move and every invasion had been preplanned and designed to expand her limits.
Lauren couldn't have known about the toy chest I had purchased for her in anticipation of this night. There were hidden when she had arrived at my house and was escorted into my living room. She had no idea what devices I planned to use on her when she first viewed the sex bench and at my direction removed her clothes and laid on the table to be secured in place.
When I was done tonguing her ass I stopped to take some pictures of her sex fully exposed. I took closeups on her tight quivering asshole as well as the inner and outer lips of her sex naturally spread and exposed for fucking. Reaching up, I grasped and pulled back with medium force on her brunette ponytail. At the same moment that she felt her head pulled back she was confronted with the pointed end of the gently sized butt plug that was beginning to invade her ass. Holding her pony tight I continued to gradually push the black silicone toy into her ass. I went slowly and gradually and within a matter of two minutes was able to admire the tight ring of her sphincter close tight around the narrow base of the black toy. Again, I stopped to take pictures of Lauren's upturned ass now filled with a conical toy. I was losing patience and knew it wouldn't be long before I began to fuck my willing submissive but I tried my best to prolong the moment and give Lauren some time to realize all that I was doing to her body.
To help with my patience and to reinforce that I was in complete control I began to slap Lauren's amazing ass. Light at first, she hardly reacted. This called for more. It wasn't pain I was after but a strong message for sure. I'd not spent much time with spanking in the past and was surprised that I was quite enjoying the sense of domination Lauren had given me over her body. As I spanked her harder the very white cheeks of her ass took on a definite pink flourish. Now I was hearing some sounds and with every spank Lauren's body recoiled and shivered though happily, not a signal to stop.
Having waited much longer than I had thought possible and at the point where I might have cum just from looking down at Lauren's captured body, I decided it was time. My cock was hard and throbbing and precum flowed freely causing the purple helmet at the top of my shaft to glisten. Moving forward I grabbed at Lauren's pony and in one fell swoop plunged myself all the way inside bottoming out against the rubbery ring of her cervix. I held this position for several moments and could feel Lauren's heartbeat around the shaft of my cock. At this point, it was not teasing Lauren. I knew that the minute I started to fuck her I was going to do so with more passion and more force than I ever had before. If she didn't say stop I was going to pound her as deeply and as ferociously as she would allow.