The Storm: Chapter 4
Autumn Wind
By Han Tamashii




Author's Notes:

Autumn is a season of change. When things change, they will never
be quite the same again. I'm not sure if that makes it easier or
more difficult for young people to accept change. As an adult, I
have many memories of happy moments. I remember them and I wish
the world could be like that again. So happy. Or so simple.

Even when the wind changes direction, it's not going backwards.
Wind does not return to where it's been. It's just moving forward
in a new direction. The land it passes over is always something
it hasn't seen before. Wind has no memory.

Being together with the two girls is one of those memories I
linger on. We had a lot of good times. Life was not simple with
them around, but it was full. I feel like I really lived those
days.

As this chapter opens, the wind was already blowing. Autumn was
upon us.

HT





Things had returned to how they were. For all of three days. On
Saturday, the three of us were free to play the day away without
school or homework. I expected it to be as it had been a month or
so ago when we'd first met. The girls and I, together, happy and
carefree. That's just not how things work.

"I have a BOYFRIEND!" Leanne was twirling and dancing as she
shrieked this announcement. Brynn and I looked at each other and
shrugged. What, exactly, was the significance of this? After all,
I was a boy and Leanne's friend. I received an answer almost
immediately, "Sorry, bud, we can't play our naked games anymore.
I've got to be faithful to my boyfriend."

So that's it. I've been replaced. Traded in for a newer model.

"He's older than us," she continued. Older? Why would you want to
play naked games with someone older than you? Old people aren't
any fun. They just talk down to you and make you do boring
things, "He knows things, you know? Been places. Seen things. And
he's sooooooo dreamy. He said he loves me."

I instantly deduced that aging goes hand in hand with insanity. I
only had a few short years of rational thought left. I had to
enjoy it while there was still time. Something was getting in the
way of my enjoyment, however. A pang of jealousy. I was suddenly
angry. Who was this guy to swoop in and steal my friend?

Leanne noticed as my mood changed. I wasn't skilled at hiding my
feelings. My face took on a fierce expression. My movements
became quick, choppy. My body was stiff and breathing heavy. It
felt like the jealousy was growing in my chest making it harder
and harder to breathe.

"Eh? Why aren't you happy for me? My first boyfriend!"

So I didn't even count. I was beneath her. She looked down on me.
Like all those other old people. In and instant, Leanne became
one of the enemy. As soon as I realized the thought I'd just had,
I cut it off. I didn't want to lose a friend.

I enjoyed our naked games, and I was going to miss playing them.
We could still have fun, though. We could still be friends. We
would just play all the other games we enjoyed.

Still looking disappointed, I walked up and gave Leanne a hug. I
wanted to show her that I was still her friend. Friends support
each other. No hurt feelings. She was just growing up and getting
crazy. It wasn't her fault. Someday the same would happen to me
and I hope there would be someone who could be my friend anyway.

Her body tensed up as soon as I hugged her. I noticed because
usually she's so relaxed and liked being touched. A small shudder
ran through her. It seemed to start in her tummy and move out
from there. And then, all at once, she softened again. She patted
my back and kissed the top of my head.

With her cheek resting on the top of my head, she spoke softly,
"I'll help you get Brynn to play with you."

I knew what she meant, because Brynn and I played all the time
now. At school we'd become almost inseparable. At recess we'd run
outside together and play alone. Just the two of us. Sometimes we
went back to the private fortress inside the old tractor tire. It
didn't matter what we were doing. We were together. That was all.


So when Leanne said 'play' she meant the naked games. The games
that Brynn and I had never played together. I felt excited beyond
reason at the thought. The memory of what happened on the wooded
trail lingered with me, though. I didn't want anything like that
to happen again. If she didn't want to do it, I wouldn't make
her.

"Oh! I've got to go. I'm supposed to meet up with him," she said
in a rush. There was an oddness to her voice that I took to be
excitement, "You two stay here and play. We want to be alone
together."

Leanne dashed off before she was even finished speaking. Brynn
and I exchanged confused looks and shrugs. And then we got down
to the business of playing. Just our normal romping around.

It didn't take long for us to become bored, of course, and
suddenly I wanted to see what Leanne's new boyfriend looked like.
This person who knew so much and had been everywhere. So I took
Brynn's hand and started walking in the direction Leanne had
went.

Brynn hesitated when she realized where I was taking her. She
planted her feet and pulled her hand from mine. I looked at her,
pleading with my eyes. Her own inner battle was waging, of
course. Finally her curiosity won and she started walking again.

Leaves were falling already. It was a cold autumn, so much colder
than they seem now. The wind was stiff and unforgiving that day.
We were bundled up warmly in jackets and sweaters. Our clothes
rustled as we moved along.

Each step brought us closer to our prey, and we felt an
increasing need for stealth. We hopped along, avoiding the noisy
crinkle of leaves beneath our feet. It was fun game. At times we
forgot ourselves and our joy bubbled out in happy giggles.

We'd almost forgotten that we were looking for Leanne, and then I
looked up and saw her. I dashed behind cover, pulling Brynn with
me. Brynn looked at me like I'd suddenly aged and lost my mind,
but understood quickly when I pointed out her sister.

Finally finding Leanne hadn't answered any questions, in fact, we
were more confused than before. About fifty feet away, she sat
leaning against a tree. Each quarter of the complex had an island
of grass and trees. This is where she was. Even from a distance,
we could see she was crying. Every few moments, she'd look at the
townhouse directly across from her.

Is that where her boyfriend lived? Had they met each other and
had a fight? Or had he not shown up as he promised? These were
the questions Brynn and I were now asking ourselves.

After ten minutes of crying, Leanne stood up. She squared her
shoulders towards that townhouse. She pulled herself up straight.
Taking a determined posture. She looked like she was about to
kick the door in and storm the house.

She didn't move. She didn't take even one step. Soon, we saw her
shoulders shaking. The rest of her body followed. A moment later,
we saw her crumple forward. It seemed like slow motion. Her knees
buckled, her head fell forward, her hands flung themselves out to
absorb the force of the fall, and then she hit the ground. Her
knees and hands took the brunt of the fall, but she was leaned so
far forward I thought she might drop down face first into the
dirt.

I wanted to run over there and comfort her. I wanted to find out
what was wrong. More than anything, I wanted to beat the crap out
of her boyfriend. If I had done any of that, she would know we'd
followed her and spying on her.

Indecision gripped me, held me tight. Before I could make a move,
she was getting up again. She brushed away the tears and the dirt
and turned her back to the townhouse. Panic gave me wings and I
grabbed Brynn and we flew back to where Leanne had left us.

She found us there, a few minutes later, playing half-heartedly.
She was hiding her feelings, but not too successfully. We could
see her red eyes and the tear stains on her cheeks.

"Let's go play in my room. It's cold out today," she said before
we could ask any questions.

I'd been in her room before. You could see that it had once been
a typical little girl's room with stuffed animals, dolls, and
lots of pink. Now it was transitioning into a teen girl's room.
Posters with bands and movie stars. Anything with a Disney
character on it was tucked away somewhere, not gone, but out of
plain view.

She had a single sized bed with a pale blue comforter and lots of
pillows. And a record player on her dresser. It was made of red
and white plastic. Like a toy. But it played records just fine.
She put on some classic seventies rock as background music.

It's interesting to note that both my parents and the girls'
parents basically left us to ourselves. We were basically
unsupervised in the privacy of our rooms, provided we didn't make
too much racket. So it was easy to get up to no good. Which is
what Leanne was in the mood for, apparently.

"Okay, we're going to play a game. It's like telephone," she
began. Telephone? I think I'd played that before. It's when you
whisper something in someone's ear and then they pass it on to
the next person and so on. At the end you say it out loud and see
how close it is to the original whisper. It was moderately fun
with big groups, but with three people? Leanne continued
explaining, "We'll turn off the light so we can't see each other,
then I'll do something to one of you. Then you'll do it to the
other one and then that person will do it to me. And we'll see if
it's the same at the end."

I had to admit, my interest was piqued. Leanne had said she'd
help me get Brynn to play with me. Was this her way? How far was
she going to take this? I was suddenly very worried. In the dark,
I wouldn't be able to tell if Brynn wanted to do it or not. What
if I did something and she hated me for it?

"Let's all promise that no matter what it is, we won't back out.
Okay?" Leanne looked at each of us seriously as she said this.
She waited for both of us to nod our heads in agreement before
continuing, "Okay, Brynn, work the lights the first round. Wait
till we're on the bed and then turn them off. Don't turn them on
again until I say. Then we'll switch."

She hauled me onto the bed almost violently. Seriously, she hurt
me a little. Obviously I didn't tell her that. I'm a man, got to
be strong. Being out muscled by a girl was hard on the ego.

When we were standing awkwardly on the bed, Leanne nodded at
Brynn. We were plunged into darkness. There's something about
darkness that makes everything more exciting. The mystery of it,
not knowing what's going to happen. Not being able to see or
expect anything. It still gives me delightful shivers.

A touch on my arm sent electricity through my body. Just a simple
touch. She was just reaching out to measure the distance. So
simple. Then the bed squeaked as her weight shifted. Her clothes
rustled quietly, barely heard over the music playing softly in
the background.

I felt her hair brush my cheek before her lips did. Her soft,
moist lips pressed lightly into my cheek. It was sweet, more like
something Brynn would do. Not that I minded, as I had to do this
to Brynn next. I think a kiss on the cheek was okay.

"Just for today, we can play," Leanne breathed into my ear. It
was only a whisper, little more than a sigh. I heard emotion in
the words, though. A big jumble of them. They were tangled
together in a knot and I could not unravel them.

And then it was over. Leanne backed away, and called for Brynn to
turn the lights back on. We blinked at each other in the
dazzlingly lights. I could see Brynn studying us for a clue to
what would happen when she stood in the dark. I flashed her a
reassuring smile, and she climbed onto the bed almost eagerly.

Leanne watched us and when she thought we were ready, cast us
into shadow again. It was just as exciting as I prepared to kiss
Brynn as it was to be kissed. She didn't know, or even suspect,
what I was going to do. It gave me a naughty thrill.

Ever so slowly I reached out, copying Leanne, to find Brynn's
arm. I misjudged, however, and instead my hand landed squarely
over her left breast. Not that there was much to feel, but she
had taken off her sweater and I could feel her nipple through her
thin top.

She gasped slightly and her hand sprang up and grasped my wrist.
I thought she would tear my hand away from her body, but she let
it remain there. I was flustered and wanted to end my turn so I
quickly leaned in for a kiss. My lips found her neck instead of
her cheek, though. Just below the ear. Another little gasp
escaped her lips.

I stood up straight and gently pulled my hand away. Brynn seemed
almost reluctant to release my wrist. She squeezed it once and
then let go. I held my hand in front of me, remembering the
feeling of her warm body. I stood for such a long time, that
Brynn finally signaled the end of our turn.

Light sprang into existence again. I blinked in the sudden
brilliance. Brynn was standing very still, looking at her feet.
Her face was flushed and her hands were clasped together turning
and twisting around each other.
Leanne surveyed the scene wondering what the big deal was. She
quickly shooed me off the bed, in a hurry to end this round and
begin the next. When they were ready, I flicked the light switch.
And I waited.

It seemed like an eternity as I waited. I could see nothing in
the dark room. The music drowned the sounds of movement on the
bed. I thought, once, that I heard a squeak coming from one of
the girls. I might have imagined it, however. Time dragged on and
on. The blackened room felt open and empty. You could almost
imagine yourself floating, as if you were in space. Drifting
aimlessly.

"Lights," I heard Leanne's voice call out. I flicked the switch
and we again struggled to adjust to the light. Leanne was looking
at me looking very amused. My eyes widened as I realized that
Brynn must have copied my example. She touched Leanne's...and
kissed her neck? My mouth was opening and closing like a fish,
but Leanne interrupted before I could say anything, "Yes, that
was exactly right. Good job."

Brynn looked thoroughly embarrassed. She couldn't even face me.
She was looking at the wall staring at nothing. I hoped she
wasn't mad. The excitement of the game was mingled with the
desire to just survive without offending anyone.

Round two began. This time, Leanne and Brynn would start. Again,
I worked the lights and waiting. Painful agonizing waiting. I had
a new appreciation for what Brynn must have felt when she was
standing here, waiting for her turn. What would happen when I
stepped onto the bed this time?

Again, Leanne called for the lights. She stepped off the bed, and
grinned mischievously. It made me nervous. My legs felt wobbly,
but I somehow managed to climb onto the bed. Looking into Brynn's
wide, terrified eyes, I almost told Leanne to stop the game.

The darkness came again. More waiting. Nervous, anxious waiting.
Then the first touch. With both hands, Brynn was searching for
me. She found my arms, but slipped her hands under them and
around my back. She pulled to her, rather than step into me. She
squeezed me. We stood there for a minute, pressed against each
other, cheek against cheek.

I thought maybe it was just a hug, but she started moving again.
She turned her head fluidly and her lips found mine. We kissed.
This was our second kiss on the lips. This kiss was deeper than
the first. Her lips parted and her tongue slid out. I reacted,
having been taught by Leanne how to french kiss.

This was nice. We kissed for a long time, tongues dancing. But
there was one more thing that Brynn was working her courage up to
do. The hands that had been pressing against my back, slid lower.
Lower and lower. They hesitated when they reached the small of my
back. All at once, as she gathered all her courage, they slid
down inside the waistband of my pants. Inside my underwear even.
Until she was cupping my bare bum.

My heart couldn't decide if it wanted to stop or race
uncontrollably. The kiss ended, but we didn't move. We stood just
like that, for a minute at least. I wish it were longer. Then we
slowly, reluctantly pulled apart.

"Are you guys done yet?" Leanne asked, sounding impatient. Brynn
managed to squeak out an affirmative. The girls switched places
and then the scene replayed.

I followed the script Brynn had given me. I pulled Leanne to me,
pressing our bodies together. She was taller than me, but she
knew what was coming, so she leaned down for the kiss. This kiss
was hungry, passionate. It was full of need and urgency. My hands
smoothly slipped into her pants and cupped her bum. I squeezed
and she moaned into my mouth. Her responses were making me
excited. If we weren't playing this game, I would have started
rubbing her front.

After a minute I pulled away. We ended the round and the lights
came on. Leanne, looking flushed and sweaty, called quickly for
the third round to begin. She wasted no time getting the action
started.

She nearly pounced on me. One of her hands found its way into my
pants and started stroking my growing manhood. Her other hand was
thrusting mine down into her pants. It was obvious what she was
looking for.

She was slick and wet already, obviously close to exploding. I'd
gotten pretty good at this, so I tried my best to impress her
with my skill. It didn't take long before she was letting out
appreciative moans. She pulled her hand out of my pants to cover
her mouth as she let out an ecstatic scream.

I knew enough to stop rubbing when this happened, and pulled my
hand away. I cleaned my fingers the best way I knew how and
waiting for her to recover. She was still leaning on me heavily
when her strained voice called for the lights.

Brynn took in the sight and her eyes were wide. I don't blame her
for being shocked. Her sister was sweaty and looked like she'd
ran a marathon. I'm sure she had guessed what was going to
happen, or had a pretty good idea. She still climbed up on the
bed, though. With only a slight hesitation.

She was biting her lip nervously when the lights went out. What
did that nervous look mean? Was she scared, but couldn't admit
it? Did she feel like we were forcing her to do this? With these
thoughts in my mind, I was unable to move. I didn't know what to
do.

Maybe I should just do something else. I'd mess up the round, but
it'd be easier for Brynn, right? What would I do? I thought about
just kissing her again, but she'd never believe that Leanne would
do the same thing twice. What else could I do?

I was suddenly saved as the girls' mother called them down for
supper. Leanne instantly turned the lights on in case her mom
checked in on us. When she saw we hadn't even moved, she looked
annoyed. She flung a disappointed glare my way.

"Come on, Brynn. And you better go home now," her words were hot
with hostility. I was a little hurt, but I was sure once I
explained why I'd backed out, she'd understand. For now, I did as
she said. I left and went home for supper.

As I walked, I thought about how she looked at me. Fire in her
eyes. She'd never treated me that way before. She had been acting
strangely all day. She was changing. The autumn wind had blown
through her.

Things would never be the same again.















Leanne says,

"Touch her! Defile her! Stain her with your lust!
Rip her wings off! Tear the halo from her head!
Cast her down to earth. With me.
So I don't need to hate her anymore."













"I heard the noises. I know what happened.
Why, instead of smiling, did she frown?
Sister, what is it that keeps hurting you?
I just wish you would smile,"

says Brynn











Autumn Wind
The Storm: Chapter 4
End
