The Empress's New Bikini
by Jayne Austin ©

Some girls really do ask for it. At my local comprehensive school, the one 
who asked most was an 18-year-old sixth form girl named Germaine. She just 
about got up everyone’s nose. Not that I am saying she didn’t have talent, 
because, quite clearly she did. Her main talent lay in her ability to swim 
well.

At every school swimming gala she would be there strutting her stuff and 
winning most of the girls’ prizes. She just loved putting all the other 
girls in the shade. She did a lot of training so she had a really good 
figure with boobs which were quite big for a girl of 18. A lot of the boys 
loved watching her swim, not because they loved her swimming particularly 
but she did look good in a wet bathing costume.

She mostly antagonised the other sixth form kids, so after one 
particularly nasty spell of self aggrandisement at the expense of some of 
the other girls in the class, a group of her classmates decided she should 
be taught a lesson. They met together and thought up a plan.

In two weeks’ time the annual school swimming gala would take place. This 
was a huge event held in the local swimming baths as the school pool was 
too small to hold all the children and their parents. The most popular 
event at the gala was the “Design your own swimsuit” event. The actual 
swimming was just four lengths but the fun consisted in the variety of 
bright costumes which the kids were allowed to wear. They were supposed to 
make them themselves but it was well known that many bought them from the 
local shops.

Germaine’s class decided they would hold a raffle just before the gala and 
one of the prizes would be a bright bikini which Germaine was going to 
“win”. Two of the sixth form girls, Chris and Olivia, met in Chris’s house 
and borrowed her mother’s sewing machine to make the bikini. Germaine was 
the same age and about the same size as Olivia so she was to act as the 
model for the bikini.

The kids had clubbed together to buy the things needed: a yard of plain, 
special material and some colourful cord. Chris cut out the bra top and 
tried it on Olivia for size. Then they stitched the cord all around the 
edge of the cups and left ties at the top and the back. They cut out the 
bottom of the bikini and ran two cords along the top to tie at the sides. 
They ironed it, wrapped it in tissue paper and put it in a box.

After the raffle tickets had been sold for school funds all the kids met 
together after school for the draw. There were three prizes, a book, a 
T-shirt and the bikini. They arranged that the person whose name was drawn 
first out of the hat could choose any prize they wished. The first out was 
Billy and he chose the book. The second winner was Helen who chose the 
T-shirt. And surprise! surprise! the third name out was Germaine. She was 
left with the bikini. She looked at it and all the other kids said how 
fortunate it was that she should win it as it would be just great for her 
to wear in the “Make your own swimsuit” event. Germaine was delighted. She 
thought it was a great idea.

On the day of the gala, the swimming baths was absolutely packed with 
hundreds of parents and all the schoolchildren. Germaine won quite a few 
events and inevitably took the highest place on the stadium in front of 
all the cheering throng to receive her medal and wave in queen-like manner 
with her hands in the air.

Then there was a buzz of excitement amongst Germaine’s classmates as the 
“Make your own swimsuit” event was announced. There was one event for the 
girls and one for the boys. The girls went first and assembled on the 
podiums ready to dive in. The row of sixth form boys sat just a few feet 
behind them on chairs, and awaited their turn.

The starter fired his pistol and all the girls dived in. There was great 
cheering as the bright costumes bobbed up and down in the water. It soon 
became obvious that Germaine was drawing ahead of the others and by the 
fourth length she was several yards in front of her nearest rival. She 
touched the edge of the pool and was declared the winner. There was huge 
cheering much to Germaine’s delight. The other girls soon joined her and 
they all climbed out of the pool. What Germaine did not realise was that 
her bikini had been made out of the dissolvable material used for making 
stitched patterns. After the pattern is in place the material is left in 
water to dissolve and only the pattern remains rather like a piece of 
lace.

The sixth form boys, waiting right in front of Germaine, loved it. They 
all had a really good look at the naked breasts and pussy which emerged 
from the pool. Of course Germaine herself did not even suspect what had 
happened as the triangle of cord around her top and the cord around her 
waist were still in place giving her the impression that she was still 
wearing her bikini.

She loved the plaudits of the assembled throng which grew louder by the 
second. She waved her hands high above her head in acknowledgement of her 
victory and turned from side to side broadly smiling at evryone completely 
unaware that, apart from the thin cords framing her “assets” she was 
completely naked. The boys who were waiting to swim and a lot of others in 
the crowd made great use of their cameras to get some really good close-up 
shots. Some of the girls looked embarrassed but the ones in Germaine’s 
class were rolling around in helpless laughter.

Eventually, Germaine mounted the podium to receive her award and it was 
then that she realsied that everybody seemed to be, not so much cheering 
and clapping their hands, as laughing and pointing at her. She looked down 
and realised to her horror that her new bikini had completely disappeared 
leaving her soaking wet and naked in front of everybody. She looked 
desperately around for a towel to cover herself up but there wasn’t one 
handy. 

She tried to cover herself up with her hands but she had rather a lot to 
cover so she didn’t quite make it. Eventually her great embarrassment 
ended when the teacher with the starting pistol borrowed a towel from a 
girl in the crowd and came running along to try to cover up the naked 
Germaine. Partly covered by the small towel she left in a great hurry and 
with a very red face.

Over the next few days, more and more photographs of the luckless champion 
were brought to school and one of the boys in Germaine’s class put up an 
exhibition of her photographs on the sixth form classroom wall during a 
free period.

But the incident had the desired effect on Germaine. Whenever she got too 
uppity, someone in her class would threaten to bring their photograph 
collection to school to remind her of the day she ended up wearing the 
“empress’s new bikini”.

