The Eager Little Sister
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)


Note to reader: This is the final chapter in this novelette.  Thanks for reading. If you liked this story comments are always appreciated.  PJ


CHAPTER NINE 

       In the days that followed, Barbra and Ricky learned a great deal about their parents. It seemed that they had been involved in sexual activities with others from the day of their wedding.

	Their parents had grown up next door to each other and had begun fucking about the same age as Barbra and Ricky. Although they had not been involved with others until after their marriage, it had been discussed often between them.

	Their opportunity came about six months after being married and from there they met others. However, their parents told them, their desire had always been to fuck and suck with boys and girls of Barbra's and Ricky's age. Neither of them accomplished this until about three years later. Their mother had discovered a. young boy with an intense sexual desire and managed to seduce him. Somehow, she convinced the boy how much fun it would be if he and her husband fucked her at the same time. Although they had indulged a number of times with this willing boy, they had not found a young girl until meeting the parents of the girl in the picture.

	Barbra wanted to know why her parents had not let her and Ricky in on this earlier since that was the case.

	"We thought about it seriously," her mother said. "But you look so sweet and innocent, baby, we weren't sure of your thoughts about sex. Ricky, though, was getting damned tempting to me. We knew he was jacking that cock off quite often. It was you we weren't sure about."

	"Anyway, you know now," Barbra giggled. "I'm not as innocent as I look."

	"And that's perfect," her father said. "You're one sweet fuck, honey."

	"For you, Daddy," she said, climbing onto his lap and writhing her tight little ass, "I'd be anything you want. I'll be your fuck, your cocksucker! Whatever you want."

	"And she'll take your cock up her asshole," Ricky laughed. "Barbra's a fine ass-fuck!"

	"Why you two little devils!" their mother laughed. "What else have you been up to?"

	"Well," Ricky said, "I know a boy, this

	friend of mine that thinks your body is out of this world, Mom."

	"Who?" his mother asked Quickly. "Would he like to fuck me?"

	"That's what he told me," her son replied. "His name is John."

	"Oh, yes," his mother smiled. "I know him. Why, he should come around. I've seen that sweet lump in his pants."

	Will you fuck him?" Ricky asked.

	"I'll fuck his little cock so much," she laughed, "and suck it for him until he'll think he's gone to fuck heaven.

	Ricky laughed. "He sure will! Oh, boy, wait until I tell him. He's gonna come in his fucking pants!"

	"Daddy," Barbra said to her father, "you like little girls, don't you?"

	"I love them," he replied.

	"Then I have a surprise for you." Barbra hugged him tightly, her tight little ass squirming against his cock. "I know a real pretty little blonde girl that loves to fuck and her pussy is probably. tighter than mine.

	"There isn't a cunt in the world tighter than yours, baby," he said. "But whoever this blonde pussy is, I'd sure like to fuck her."

	Barbra," Ricky said. "Are you sure? You got jealous because I fucked her."

	I'm not worried about that anymore," Barbra replied. "I know fucking is different than loving someone. I mean, a girl can want to fuck a guy without loving him. Or a boy with a girl. I'm sorry I was so mean to you about Kelly."

	"You've made up for it," he laughed.

	So, Ricky called John. John and his sister were to join them that evening. Ricky was very secretive on the phone, only telling John there was going to be a lot of fun. He didn't mention his parents.

	At six that evening, Kelly and John arrived. At first they didn't understand what was going on when they saw they would not be alone. John sat with his sister on the couch and Barbra's mother simply walked up to him, standing a few feet away. She looked down at the young boy with a big smile on her face.

	"John," she said, "Ricky told me you've been wanting some of my pussy, is that right?"

	John turned a bright red and shot an accusing look at Ricky. He began to stammer, not making sense. He was embarrassed.

	But Ricky's mother suddenly pulled her dress up to her waist and arched her hips forward. She was not wearing panties and her hairy cunt was fully exposed to his suddenly huge eyes. Kelly, too, was startled, but not in the same way as her brother. She giggled and stared at the grown woman's hair-lined pussy with hot eyes.

	"Touch it, John," she said, moving close to him and spreading her long, smooth thighs. "If you want my cunt, John, you've got to feel me up."

	"Do it, John," Kelly giggled. "Feel her pussy. You've talked about it enough. Now's our chance."

	"Our chance?" Barbra's father asked. "What do you mean, Kelly?"

	The little blonde girl looked at him boldly. "I'm a fucking machine," she said. "Anyway, that's what my brother calls me. I'd rather fuck than do anything else. I've never had a grown man fuck me."

	"You are now, Kelly," Barbra laughed happily. "Daddy has the neatest cock ever! It's so big and it's gonna stuff your cunt better than ever. Come on, take your panties off and let Daddy fuck you, Kelly!"

	Barbra watched the little girl Quickly strip her panties and pulled her dress up to her waist, moving toward him. Then she looked at her mother, who was pulling John to his feet and removing his pants.

	"I'm going to give you what you've been wanting, John," she said. "You wanted some of my hot, hairy ....... cunt you're going to get it now!"

	"I wanna cock, too!" Barbra yelped. Her mother, without glancing up because she was totally absorbed in John's hard cock now, said, "Fuck your brother, darling. Ricky has a hard-on. Fuck him."

	Barbra and her brother went at each other with a hungry desperation, but their eyes watched everything their parents were doing with John and Kelly. They saw their mother sprawl on the floor, her dress about her waist and legs wide, bushy pussy revealed. She opened her blouse to expose her large tits as John slipped between her thighs, his cock throbbing and dripping.

	"Give it to me, John!" she crooned, grasping his prick and bringing it to her cunt. 'Give me that lovely cock! Shove it up my hot, hairy cunt, baby! Fuck me, John! Fuck my pussy!"

	As Ricky settled his prick into his sister's tight, hairless pussy, they watched as Kelly climbed onto their father's lap and both were amazed to see how easily the blonde-fuzzed cunt accepted their father's enormous prick.

	"She's been practicing," Barbra said. "She must have been. Daddy's cock went in so fucking easy!"

	Kelly giggled and began to bounce ecstatically up and. down his prick as he opened her top to get his hands on her small, pointed little tits. "I can take this big cock up my asshole, too!" she squealed in delight. "I wanna get it in my asshole next!"

	"You're going to get it every place you want, little doll," they heard their father reply. "In your young, hot pussy, in your tight little teenage asshole and for damned sure in that sweet, pretty mouth! You do like to suck on a cock, don't you?"

	"Oooo," Kelly gurgled as her tight little ass twirled happily. "I love sucking cock as much as fucking! I'm a good cocksucker, too! Just ask Ricky and my brother if you don't believe me!"

	"I don't have to ask," he said. "I'll find out for myself later."

	Grunts filled the air, as did the moist sounds of cunts sucking at hard cocks. Pants and gasps bubbled about as naked asses bounced up and down. The excitement was heavy in the room.

	Ricky and Barbra kept their eyes moving from their father and mother, never missing a beat as his cock plunged in and out of Barbra's gripping pussy.

	"Oooo, look at Daddy's cock!" Barbra squealed. "Watch him fuck Kelly's pussy! Golly, I like this! Everybody is fucking!"

	Their mother opened and closed her long, smooth legs around John's struggling, naked ass, scissoring them about as she banged her round ass up and down to meet the lunges of his prick. She was mewling with ecstasy. "Fuck it to me, John! You wanted my cunt and now you've got it! Fuck me, John! Ohhh, God..... fuck the piss out of my hairy pussy!

	Kelly, straddling their father, her sweet little ass twirling and twisting, bubbled with delight. "Ooooo, your cock is so big! I love it in my pussy! Oh, I've wanted a man's cock for so long! It's a dream come true.... a big, grown-up cock in my cunt!"

	Barbra, underneath her brother, was kissing at his mouth in a frenzy, her tongue thrusting in and out as her naked ass bounced and writhed. "Ohhh, Ricky, I love you!" she gurgled hotly. "I don't care how many cunts you fuck, I'll always love' you! I want you to fuck every pussy you can, but only as long as you give it to me, too!"

	The room became filled with moans and cries.

	"Fuck me!"

	"What a cunt!"

	"Ooo, big, hard cock ... in my cunt!"

       "Woman cunt...fucking me, at last!"
       
       "I'm coming!"

	"Ooo, fuck harder! I'm gonna come, too!"

	All the words and sounds mingled until they came together. All six were coming at almost the same time, something they considered a bonus later on.

	Once they had calmed somewhat, the conversation revolved about other people.

	"We have some very good friends that will love you kids," Barbra's mother said. "That is, if you want to visit with them some day."

	"I do!" Kelly giggled. "I wanna get fucked by all of them. Are you sure it would be okay, though? I mean, I'm just a little kid."

	Barbra's father laughed. "That's it exactly. Some of those men and women will eat you up. you're so sweet."

	"I'm ready for it," Kelly laughed.

	"And so am I," Barbra said. "Don't forget me and Ricky, Daddy."

	Well honey, first we need to get you on the pill.  Youve been lucky so far not catching.  When its time for you to be a momma we want to be sure its your brothers or fathers. Mom said.

       "No way," he said, patting his daughter on her naked ass. "From now on, you and your brother will be with us every time we have a party."

	And again all six became entangled, rolling about the floor in naked delight, feeling and kissing at every cock or pussy near their mouths. No one knew, nor cared, whose cock went into whose pussy or asshole or mouth. 

THE END
