Embarrassed for life
by bgaius33

PART 15

joana couldnt believe it. after all of the torment her sister and josh put her through, it still wasnt enough. she was standing in line waiting to get into the prom she had been made to go to in the absolute worst outfit josh could have picked for her. the dress was strapless and barely came above her nipples. on top of that, it was loose around the chest, something her sister and her ample chest made sure to point out. "normally i would suggest stuffing it a cup or two, but everyone has seen enough of your baby tits to be able to tell the difference"

the bottom of the dress didnt even cover her whole ass standing. the bottom half inch of her bubble butt was hanging out. plus the dress was so flouncy that every time her turned too fast, the dress would flare up around her waist, putting her ass and pussy on full display. the dress its self was a baby colored white and the material was so thing that any light that hit it made the dress transparent enough to see her bright pink heart panties underneath. what was even worse was what was inside the panties. as a punishment for "pitching a fit" about not wearing the dress or even going to prom, josh modified her panties to have two massive vibrators in them. one for her ass and one for her pussy. she covered her beet red face in shame as she had to let josh put her panties on her like a baby and moaning pornographically as the large vibrators stretched her out to her limit and filled her pussy and asshole. they were remote operated, so josh could turn them on at anytime. "and to top it off, here are your accessories. as jessica secured a large frilly baby bonnet on her sisters head while josh put a leash around her neck.

Joana was led into the prom, face hot with embarrassment. When she had dreamed about going to prom, she never imagined how awful an experience could be. He dreamed of wearing a pretty dress and everyone being happy to see her as the center of attention for once. well she was the center of attention now for the worst reasons. her tits were nearly falling out of her dress and if she pulled it up anymore, it would put her pantied ass on display more than it already was, with the pink outline of her heart undies visible under the thin material. Every step was torture as she could feel the vibrations moving inside of her, threatening to make her cum with every step. she let out a stifled moan with each step and as she opened her mouth to complain, jesica sushed her. "i dont want you to ruin this moment, baby joey" as she shoved a pacifier into joana's mouth. she wanted nothing more than to spit the pacifier out, but at that moment, she felt the vibrators buzz fiercely inside of her and her mind went black. "if you can keep that cute little binky in your mouth, joey, for 10 minutes, then that will be the last punishment we ever give you", josh said, and she clamped her mouth shut over the pacifier, momentarily forgetting how stupid she must look with the leash and the bonnet complementing the look as he was passed off to a group of boys to dance with while jessica and josh went off without her. the group wasted no time in surrounding her. "she has to do anything we say, josh told me so" one of the boys said "lift your skirt" one of the boys said. she hung her head as she grabbed the hem of her dress. "they could basically see it anyway" she thought to herself as she lifted her dress to her waist, the boys laughing at her complete compliance.

"show us your tits" another said, right as josh turned on the vibrators again. she moaned into the binky, nearly dropping it from her sudden stimulation. "i think the little baby likes it '' one of the boys said as she moaned again, louder. they didnt seem to hear the vibrator, so they just thought she was getting off to showing herself like this. she wanted to deny it but couldnt without dropping the binky, so she had no choice but to endure both the embarrassment and the vibrators as she pulled her top down, her tits coming into view and her panties darkening as she grew wetter and wetter.  

Joana looked up as the heard Sarah approach in her beautiful green dress, a stark contrast to her own baby bonnet and slutty dress that barely stayed on her. "come on boys, you can be more creative than that. Do a handstand, little Joey" she said in a mocking tone.

Begrudgingly, Joana prepared herself for the bully's torment, bracing herself against the wall and standing on her head. Predictably, her dress fell around her waist, and covered her face as sarah said "now her hands are occupied, she cant stop you from doing this" as she started to spank joana, who continued to moan into her pacifier 

"please dont notice the vibrators" she thought to herself. "i am so close i cant stand it" But her heart sank as sarah's fingers kept exploring, stopping round over her vibrating butthole. "well well well, you really are a dirty little slut. check it out, the bitch is getting off on this" her hands began to press down on both vibrators, pushing them deeper inside of joana "lets help the little whore along" 

"mmmmmmmmmMMMMoooooooh yeah" joana moaned as she came loudly. enough for everyone around her to notice. she collapsed from her handstand, ass up in the air and bucking perversely for several long seconds until she gasped and quickly tried to cover herself. She looked around frantically for her pacifier, having dropped it as she came, only to see sarah holding it. 

"please give me my baby pacifier" joana begged

"only if you suck the guys dicks" sarah said

"What??" joana asked, eyes going wide. "you cant do that, its against the principals rules!"
"Only if we make you. you dont have to. you can lose this pacifier. if you suck the boys dicks, then it will be entirely your choice"
she looked up at the excited boys and loudly yelled "please let me suck your cocks!" as all 4 boys pulled them out. she braced herself as she began to suck them. She looked over and saw Sarah lift up her own dresand sick Joana's pacifier into her own pussy, masturbating with it while watching Joana suck the guys off. Sarah made sure to make several pictures of joanah's humiliating  ordeal, her eyes wide in embarrassment as sarah captured these moments of joana with a dick in her mouth and cum on her face. she swallowed every drop as before sarah said you have one more thing to suck on as she shoved the pacifier covered in her pussy juices into joana's mouth. Joana hated it so much but the taste alone almost made her cum. 
"now you are a proper baby bitch again" sarah said, fixing the bonnet on Joana's head that was dripping some cum from an overly excited boy's load. "and just in time too"

Josh had come over to see the mess joana had made. "I cant leave you alone for 10 minutes without you getting in trouble, baby joey." he said, grabbing her leash and yanking her hard next to him. as she was pulled, sarah secretly reached up and pulled several threads from joana's dress, smiling to herself at what was to come. 

He led her by the leash to a couple who were grinding on each other. "hey guys, I need to step out again. you mind watching baby joey?"
"Sure!" the boy said, while his partner was stifling a laughter and Joey's ridiculous display. josh passed the leash to the couple, who wasted no time in taking advantage of joana's situation. The girl pulled on on her leash to pull her close so their bodies pressed together and so she could rub her hands up her side, making Joana shiver. "For a little baby, you sure have nice curves" she said, straightening out joana's bonnet. At the same moment, her vibrator turned on, causing her to moan through the pacifier. "damn, baby joey likes it rough," the girl said as the vibrator abruptly turned off. Joana looked around and saw josh smirking, holding up the remote and watching her. "Damn", the boy said, lifting up the back of jonah's frilly dress to get a good look at her ass. "these granny panties of her are so big" he said, grabbing her ass, squeezing and playing with it through her undies. To make things worse, josh turned the vibrator back on for an instance eliciting another moan. She was passed to another group at the end of each song so everyone could have their chance to touch and play with her all over. boys would rub and squeeze her boobs from behind, her nipples pinched and pulled hard, her thighs rubbed until her panties were soaked by the girls. And every chance josh had, he would turn her vibrator on, making her look like she loved every second and was turned on by the touching. One group made her lift her skirt up so they could spank her to the beat of the song. Another used the leash to make her get down on all fours like a dog and twerk. 

And each time she was passed off, the stitching in her dress came more and more apart until finally, as he was dancing between two senior boys, the dress finally gave way and and fell off her body entirely into a tattered heap around her ankles, leaving her stunned, standing nearly nude, her bonnet framing her wide eyed shock and red faced embarrassment. Standing in front of everyone again in just her pink heart panties, just like that night so long ago with the spotlights centered on her was too much. And again felt the vibrators begin their powerful buzzings from inside of her ass and pussy, having been teasing her all night but never pushing her over the edge, this was the worst possible moment for josh to turn them on as she now had everyone's attention. "oh no no no please no not now" she moaned as she tried to cross her legs. but they kept buzzing relentlessly and by the pitch of her moans, even she could tell that she was on the edge. in a euphoric daze, she did the only thing she could think of to try and salvage any of her non-existent dignity. she grabbed her panties with both hands and swiftly pulled them down to her ankles in a vain attempt to keep herself from cumming in front of everyone, bearing her now gaping and quivering pussy and asshole for the gathered crowd of students. but it was too late. the act of pulling the vibrators out was just enough to send her over the edge, "nononononNONO! im gonna fucking squirt! dont look! dont looooooook!"as she squirted right in the middle of the dance floor. she tried to run but her panties were still around her ankles and the floor was slippery, so she ended up losing her footing and falling flat on her ass, which was all that was needed for her bladder to give out as well, the humiliation overwhelming her as she completely wet herself in front of everyone. "noooooooooo!" she cried as she was once again made to be the laughing stock her sister and josh desired her to be, her pussy still quivering and leaking cum. 

"In all my years, I have never seen anything as disgraceful as this. Joana Myers, what do you have to say for yourself?" the principal's voice cut through the crowd as he walked up to her.

"i...no its not my fault it's-"

"She's lying!" sarah called out, "I can prove it." she said, showing him the video she took of joana, starting when she yelled out "Please let me suck your dicks!!"

"Well I've seen quite enough" the principal said, a scowl on his face. "You should be ashamed of yourself, Joana, debasing yourself like a cheap whore. After all this time, your behavior has gotten worse. Well if you want to act like a cheap whore, then we will treat you like one. " he turned to face Josh. "Josh, as her babysitter, since she wants to be perverse, everyone is now allowed to touch her all over however they want whenever they want and joana may not complain, though you may not force her to have sex unless she asks for it."  

All of the color drained from joana's face as everyone cheered at this announcement. she could barely fight back as josh picked her up and her sister spread her legs as all of the students lined up to rub her all over and finger her quivering pussy. "ooooh please watch me cummmmmm!" she would moan as finger after finger pumped in and out of her throbbing wet pussy,  they wouldnt even stop fingering her when she came, they kept at it even when she was squirting all over, prolonging the orgasm by minutes each time until she was in a constant state of non stop orgasming. "oooooh yes yes, baby joey's loves her cummies!!" she found herself saying, reduced to a pathetic state, her tongue hanging out of her mouth and her eyes rolling back into her head with pleasure. At one point someone jammed a finger in her ass and she lost it again, squirting and wetting herself like a water fountain. "baby joey wants her pacy" she moaned over and over until someone pulled their dick out and she shoved it all the way into her mouth. "baby wants this pacy" she cooed as she began to suck another dick.  one by one, they all lined up until the entire school had a chance to feel every inch of her body, play with her tits, and finger every hole she had, as all she could do was moan in ecstasy and beg for more as she was turned into the baby slut josh and her sister had planned for her to be. 


