Subway Station Dare
by Lazycalm56

One of the many dares during my time with a girl called P.
We had been seeing each other for about six months or so and on this night were out in Soho, central London, having been to the Trocadero.
P was wearing a gorgeous short silky red strappy dress with black high heels and as it was a hot summer night, P had no coat or jacket. I, of course, made sure she was naked under the dress. We were getting well into our eclectic sexual relationship by now so she always did as asked regarding underwear etcetera.
I was thirtyhrity-six at this time and P was almost twenty-four.
As we were walking along Dean Street, she suddenly pulled me into a dark doorway and whispered in my ear that she wanted me to fuck her there and then. As we kissed, I told her to turn around and place her hands above her head on the door and part her legs. P did as asked, of course, but as I slowly slid the red dress up over her naked bum I then whispered to her that was going to fuck her ass.
This was not our first anal with each other and we had been enjoying anal pretty much since meeting.
P loved it, she always told me.
I slid the dress over her bare bum completely and pressed myself into her from behind, I could feel I was already rock hard. I held her arms tight above her head with one hand while I undid his zipper and pulled out my hard cock.
I then slowly and gently slid inside her bum slowly using my own pre cum as lube, which she later told me hurt a little at first, but that it was sort of part of the appeal of anal, P confessed.
Once she relaxed, I then fucked her hard and deeply, my hands now round her waist.
P is normally very vocal during sex so I had to put one hand across her mouth as she was moaning after a time and though very deserted, we were in a public place
I could hear cars going by and sometimes distant voices of people but we were lost in a world of sexual abandon, I think...
After a time, I came hard inside her ass and kissed her softly on the neck telling her what an amazing slut she was and that I  adored her.
After we composed ourselves and P pulled down the red dress, she told me she could feel my cum warm and heavy inside her. Having no knickers with her, I knew this would be an opportunity to dare her as we had some distance to walk to the tube station.
I insisted we take the longer route knowing how difficult it would be for P to stop her cum dripping from her ass. Walking the streets, of course, P told me she could feel it leaking out of her but as was often the way with our kinks, I found this a huge turn on!
When we arrived at the tube station it was of course very busy with people out for the evening so I asked P to stand waiting on the platform with her legs slightly parted and wait.
After a few minutes, I could see a thin strand of cum running down her bare leg and also noticed a drop fell to the ground. The strand of my cum continued slowly down her long smooth leg then a little more followed. I watched open mouthed as the cum strand ran down all the way to her high heels forming a small blob on one shoe.
P later told me how much of a turn on it was knowing this was happening yet she was powerless to stop it.
Whether anyone actually noticed this I can’t say but we both spoke about that night for a long time after and it was one of the most erotic things I had ever seen or done.
