Going To School
by mseaking©
The next day my wife Terry was up early and standing at the stove wearing only an apron when I went into the kitchen. The smell of bacon was filling the air.

"Ok, so what's going on today?" I asked.

I moved up behind my lovely wife and ran my hand over her necked ass as I kissed her on the neck. She put her hand on the side of my face and turned her head kissing me on the cheek. I moved over to pour my self-some coffee as she moved to put our food on the table and set down.

"Well remember Beth is coming over and we have to take her shopping. This will be the first day of school for her! The first day in her training as a exhibitionist and tease!"

I was kind of surprised, "WE! Am I going to!"

" Of course you're going with us! You will have to give her your opinion and tell her what looks good and what don't!"

"Well, ok but look, I'm kind of nervous about this. I mean I don't want you all pissed off at me if I get turned on doing this! I mean she is a good-looking woman and well I just don't want any trouble. Maybe you should just show her by you're self."

"Yes she is a good-looking woman and I expect you to get a little worked up! I think we can handle it. I mean it's not like anything is going to happen we are just going to help her out by showing her how to show off with out getting into trouble!"

I still wasn't too sure as I took my shower and shaved. I put on some loose fitting shorts and a long T-shirt just in case things got a little hard and went into the living room. Terry was setting there wearing a cotton top with spaghetti straps holding it up and a sarong tied around her waist. It was pulled open over her right leg all the way up to her waist as she sat there rubbing skin cream into it. She had on little strapy sandals with two inch heals I call fuck me pumps. Her nipples could plainly be seen just a little darker than her blouse and as she watched me looking at her they grew hard.

"Is this ok Sam?"

She stood up and turned for me to see the whole package just as the doorbell rang. Terry walked over to the door to let Beth in and the sunlight went right through her wrap. She kissed Beth on the cheek and turned to walk back letting her wrap open all the way up to her waist! It opened and fell back in place but not before I saw she wasn't wearing any panties either!

Beth came in and kissed me on the cheek. She also had on sandals with small heals. She had on a one-peace denim dress with snaps down the front. They were all snapped to!

Terry had set back down and put skin cream in her hand, "Just a minuet I have to do my other leg then we can go."

She pulled her wrap open over her leg and rubbed the cream in while both of us watched her. 

"Sam is going to go with us and help you pick out some things that will help turn your old man into a bowl of Jell-O."

She finished and lifted her dress back over her leg showing us her short trimmed pussy hair and acted like we had not seen any thing as she spoke to us. Beth's eyes had shown her surprise at seeing my wife's bush but Terry never missed a beat as she moved to get her purse.

"Sam has good taste in how I should look when we have our fun, so I think he will help us out a lot. Besides he has to buy us lunch!"

Terry had known exactly what she was doing when she had shown us her pussy and that was one of the things that made her so good at the flashing games we played. No one ever knew if it was on purpose or not!

She turned and looked at Beth, "This is as good a place as any to start Beth honey. Come here."

Terry reached down and opened the bottom three snaps of her dress. This let it open just about a half inch below her crotch!

"Did you wear the panties I gave you?"

"Yes, but god they are so small! I mean they fit me ok they just don't cover me at all!"

"That's the whole point! You don't want it to cover too much if you are going to go out and show it off! Now come on let's go spend you old man's money!"

We all walked out to my truck and I opened the door's for them to get in. My truck has a small back seat that is big enough for short runs but I wouldn't want to take a trip in it. Anyway, as Beth climbed in she bent over sticking her head in and then climbed up and her short dress rode up in the back letting Terry and I have a good view of her thighs before she turned and set down. Her dress fell open and her tine little panties came into view. Beth had sat with her legs open and I saw how they had pulled up into her slit leaving her vagina lips fully exposed!

Beth reached for the seat belt and looked down at herself at the same time. Her head snapped up to look at me and when she realized I was seeing her full lips she turned bright red and closed her leg's then pulled her dress over them.

My dick lengthened in my pants as I turned to my wife who had also seen the whole show. Terry let her dress fall open fully as she sat down her lovely snatch coming into view. She smiled at me as I looked at her puffy pussy lip and I licked my lips. She was right I was going to have fun being with these two hot sexy ladies!

The girls' talked about clothes until we got to the mall and Terry never made a move to cover herself as we drove along.

"Aren't you afraid one of those truck drivers we passed will see you setting there all open like that?" Beth asked when we arrived at the mall.

"It's all part of the game my dear. If they saw anything they are wondering if I knew they had seen it and if I didn't know what would I do if I found out they had! Besides all they could see was my leg's!" 

I open the truck door for them and Terry slipped out letting her wrap open way up above her hip fully exposing her right leg as she got out. Then she stood next to me as we watched as Beth try to get out without showing anything. It didn't work and as she slid across the seat both of her legs flashed into view. She stepped out and again blushed but said nothing.

"Listen, I know those panties are making you uncomfortable. Why don't you just take them off!" Terry smiled at Beth as she spoke.

Beth looked around, "I, I don't know! Maybe this is too much for me!"

Terry held open her sarong showing her necked pussy to her friend, "No one will see anything if you don't show him or her anything. Besides the whole point is to make your man nuts knowing you don't have anything on. Here I'll help!"

With that Terry bent over putting her hands under Beth's dress and hooking her fingers in the elastic oh the panties pulled them down in one move. Beth caught her breath and held onto the truck as she stepped out of them and Terry handed them to me! I couldn't help myself and put them to my nose pulling in the aroma of this young woman's sex!

"Her panties are wet aren't they Sam?"

"Yes they are! She likes this ok! You are going to be fine Beth! Come on lets go in."

Beth took my hand as Terry hooked her arm around her, "Oh God you guy's I'm so nervous! I have never went out with out any panties in my life and Sam you have seen more of me in a few minutes than any one but my husband has in my whole life!

Terry pulled her tight to her, "You are doing fine! Now come on lets go enjoy ourselves!

I was still thinking about the fact that my wife of all these years had not only just pulled the panties off of her best friend but had handed them to me! I was smiling as I wondered just where all this was going!

Look for SHOPPING FUN in the next part of our story!

Shopping Fun
by mseaking©

We held our friend as we walked into the mall helping steady her. She was so scared she was shaking just a little when we walked up to a bench on the first floor.

"Look Beth you set here with Sam I want to show you something, and try to relax sweet hart! No one is going to bight you!"

We watched Terry's ass as she walked away from us and down a couple of hundred feet from us into the mall. She stopped at the next bench and set down. She crossed her legs and as her sarong fell open she adjusted her shoe strap. Terry uncrossed her legs and stood up letting her dress slip open all the way up to her hip! She started walking back to us and let her dress open up exposing her right leg with every other step. The whole time she acted like she had no idea she was letting any one who was looking see that much of her legs.

She stopped when she got to us and set down, "Ok now you walk down and back just like I did. I want you to look at the people around you while you are coming back, you will see that they are so rapped up in there own world that they won't even see that you are showing them your legs."

"I don't know if I can do that or not! My God Terry that was hot! No wonder Sam just lets you do what you want!"

Beth stood up and turned toward us. She kind of pushed out her chest and turned to walk down to the next bench. She stopped and looked back at us before she sat down. Her dress fell open as she crossed her legs to adjust her shoe strap and then stood up walking back to us. She was looking around and because of her dress being open in the middle of her thigh's her legs were exposed to mid thigh with each step

"Dam Terry I didn't know she had such great legs! Shit she is hot!" I picked up her hand as I spoke to her.

"I know, I didn't think it could happen but she even makes me hot! I have seen her changing when we have gone shopping, wait until you see the rest of her!"

Beth reached us and we stood up, "God Terry you are right no one was looking but the two of you!"

"Ok then! Now you know and can relax! Come on let's go!"

As the girls shopped I just kind of hung around and every once in a while either Terry or Beth would ask me about how I liked this or that. Terry had always felt best in long dresses that were shear or semi see through. She knew that she could bunch them up and cover her self at any give time. She felt a little safer that way but her swimwear was something different. We had a boat and she was always topless or wearing something see through when we were out on it. I stood by looking at this and that as she explained to Beth what to do and how to show off while looking like no one was in the world but you!

The best part of the whole thing was Terry would say now watch, and bend over letting me look down her blouse at her big tits or she would see something on the bottom shelf and squat letting her dress fall open. Beth would squat down next to my wife and as they looked at this or that she would be looking at me for any reaction. I would just smile as I dreamed of sticking my tong into her fully exposed pussy!

Finally the two girls disappeared into the dressing room. I went out and set on one of the benches as I waited for them to come out. As I set there thinking about it, I for the life of me could not think of why my sweet wife was letting me in on all of this. She had to know how hot her friend was and she had to know it was making me nuts seeing both of them! I was lost in thought thinking of Beth's legs when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"Hay there! Didn't you here me calling you? Never mind, turn around and look!"

Beth was standing at the store entrance in her new dress. It was floor length and a soft green. Her blouse was just a little darker green and she looked beautiful. Terry smiled at her and waved her hand, Beth moved over in front of a sign and I could see right through her dress. Her legs were outlined perfectly!

"Oh my!" I said.

"I know and it gets better come on Sam!"

We walked over to Beth and when we got close I could see that she had taken off her bra. Her nipples were hard but because the material was dark there color could not be seen, but oh man did they ever look good when she moved! Her breast are at least 34 C's and perfectly round! They stood out proudly on her chest with very little sage for a lady of thirty-five! They moved like jelly every time she lifted her arm and as we moved into the light of the shoe store they wanted to go to her dark blouse was just barley light enough to show her darker colored very hard nipples!

"Oh fuck Beth you look hot!" I whispered to her.

She took my hand a squeezed it as she moved over with Terry to look for some shoes.

The sales lady came over and helped the girls pick something's out. Beth and I were still holding hands as we watched Terry tell the sales girl what she wanted. The girl went to the back to get them and when she came back Terry sat down as the sales lady sat in front of her to put the shoes on for her.

Beth and I watched as the girl lifted Terry's foot and leg, Terry let her dress fall open! Terry caught it at mid thigh and held it in place as the lady slipped the shoe on her foot.

"Now watch how she does this!" I whispered to Beth as I squeezed her hand!

Terry walked in the one shoe and then came back to set down asking the lady to let her try the other shoe on also. When the lady lifted Terry's other leg Terry held her dress together but she held it to high up on her leg so as the sales girl lifted her leg Terry's pussy became fully exposed to the girl as she slipped on the shoe!

"Do you have these in any other color's?" Terry asked.

The sales girl looked up from putting on the shoe and right into my wife's accidentally exposed pussy. Because of how her leg was lifted her full puffy vagina lips were on display to the girl! It all looked just like my wife was trying to cover her self as she still held her dress closed, just in the wrong place, and the sales girl looked from Terry's eyes back to her pussy! She slowly ran her hand up Terry's shapely calf as she spoke.

"I have them in brown and tan if you would like for me to get them I would be glad to help you try them on!"

She had run her hand up to Terry's knee and back down to her foot as she spoke. Beth and I were trying to act like we were looking at something else as we watch the girl move her hand over Terry's leg again!

"Oh God I can't believe she is letting her do that!" Beth's voice was shaking as she spoke.

"Come on lets go out side and watch through the window!" I said to her.

"No I can't watch her do that!" She looked at me like she had said too much, " I mean I want to do this but, well not that!"

"Ok hold on I'll go get her!"

I caught Terry's eye and she spoke to the girl, "No I think I will just take these please."

The sales girl took one last look at her open pussy as she let her leg down. I watched as Terry let the girl run her hand up her leg to mid thigh and back to her ankle before she stood up.

"Ok, here I will ring these up and here is my card. I think I can help you with all of your needs if you call me!"

"Yes, yes I think you can!" Terry kind of blushed as she spoke to the girl!

I had never seen Terry do anything like that before. Touching was not aloud in any way shape or form and now I was really confused, that is until we walked out to Beth.

"I can't believe you let her touch you like that Terry! God showing off is one thing but no touching!" Beth was shaking as she spoke to Terry!

A little light came on in my head as I wondered why Beth got so upset by the sales girl touching my wife, and for that mater why had she let her do it? There was something new in Beth's eyes when I looked at her. Shit she was jealous!

Terry hooked her arm around her friend's waist and took me by the hand pulling us to the front of the mall, "Oh relax, I was playing with her! Hell I bet her panties won't dry out for a week! Now come on I'm hungry! Beside you both know I love you!"

As we stood in line at the restraint I turned so that I could look at Beth. Still thinking about what had just happened. The light was behind her and looking at her legs through her dress was making me grow in my pants! I took her hand as I turned to Terry and kind of brushed it across my hard cock! I tried to let it go but she held onto my hand and pushed the back of her hand into my now very head dick as she moved to stand closer to me!

I looked into her eyes and she smiled at me before turning to Terry, "I know I'm going to love spending the next week with the two of you!"

She kissed Terry softly on the lips and then pulled my arm around her letting my hand drop to the top of her ass! She kissed me just as softly on the cheek as she had Terry while I let my hand drop just a little lower and felt her soft cheek!

"Yes I just know I am going to love it!"

Please read the next part of my story! Beth Shows Me Her New Clothes 


Beth Shows Me Her New Clothes
by mseaking©

First let me say that I know my spelling and grammar are bad! I do this for the fun of telling others about the things my wife and I do. If I were any good at writhing I would sale the stories instead of putting them here for free! So don't read them and then bitch about it!

Lunch and then the ride home both girls were very quiet. I couldn't believe that Beth was jealous of the girl in the store touching Terry's leg. Hell that was a dream come true for me and I hoped that Terry was able to tell I was ok through all of Beth's being upset.

I carried the shopping bags into the house as the girls went to the kitchen. I could not here them talking except for a word here or there as I carried the bag to the back of the house and then came back into the kitchen with them. They were both smiling and it was like every thing was back to normal.

"Well I'm going to go out and mow the yard I guess. Then I will start the BBQ if you get things ready." I kissed Terry on the tip of her nose.

"No, we want you to go set on the patio. You didn't get to see anything we bought and we both want to show our things to you! Go get a beer and set your self up and we will give you a fashion show out there!"

"Are you up for it Beth?" I asked her.

"Well I guess so. It's like I told you Sam, no one has ever seen as much of me as you have! I mean no other man has. I mean, oh hell you know what I mean and I am more than a little nervous about it!"

"Oh come on Beth. It's not like you will be necked! You will have something on all the time!" Terry started to laugh as she pulled her friend to the back of the house.

"Just remember you don't have to do anything you don't want to Beth!" I called to her as I went to get us all a beer.

I went out and set up my chair so that the sun would be on the girls when they came out hoping it would highlight through there close letting me see more than they thought I would be seeing!

My cell phone rang. It was Terry, "Ok, you said you wanted to go to the car show so first we are going to show you what we bought to go there! We have got a few things that we can mix and match so think about that while you look at our outfits!"

The phone went dead and I took a drink of my beer smiling to my self at what a nut my wife had turned into! I was still mystified about Beth wanting me to be involved with all of this!

Terry was the first out and she had on a floor length dress that was black. It looked like any other dress until she got close. Then her bare nipples could just be seen through the material. She moved through the sunlight and her legs came into view, then they were gone as when she moved back into the shade! I looked back to watch her breast as they moved on her chest as she walked up to set by me.

"Beth is very shaky about this so even if you don't like her clothes be nice!"

She turned to the sliding screen door, "Ok! It's your turn my dear!"

I caught my breath as this lovely young woman walked through the door! She had on a white cotton shirtdress. It was open down to about the middle of her boobs letting her breast move in the opening as she walked. The thin material of her dress let me see her nipples clearly as she walked out and down the patio. She stopped and turned showing me her ass, just barley covered in her short dress. I think I could have found shirts in my closet that would have covered her more than the one she had on! Her long legs flexed as she walked and so did my dick as I felt it move in my pants! She moved in front of us and stopped putting her hands on her hips in a model like pose.

"Wow! I love it!" I kind of whooped as she turned again.

"Would you wear it out side?" I asked.

"God Sam I don't know! It's so different letting you and Terry see me like this! I mean I could button the top, but GOD IT'S SO SHORT!" she ran her hand across her exposed thighs, "I guess I might if the right place came along, yes I might wear it out!" 

"Come her baby you have a string hanging down." Terry moved over to her and ran her hand over Beth's ass and down her leg as she picked off a little sting! "Ok! Next outfit!"

They went into the house and left me to my beer and thoughts. I was thinking about how hot it was the way Terry had touched Beth's bottom! I was trying to remember but I didn't think I had ever seen the two girls touch so much!

"Oh hell it's just Terry trying to help Beth out. She is just showing her that she supports her in this new adventure!" I thought to my self.

I was brought back from my daydream as Terry walked out in a lounging gown I had seen before. It was a white gauze dress that came to just above her knees! It was shear letting me see her every charm as she turned and moved for my approval! Her big boobs moved letting her nipples rub on the rough material of her dress making them hard as little rocks. Her closely trimmed bush was easy to see as she walked out and turned to come back to me. She turned one more time letting me see her sweet-necked ass before she sat back in her chair!

I made no effort to cover my hard cock pushing out my shorts as I leaned over and kissed her softly on the neck!

"Fuck Terry you are killing me here! I'm so hard I hurt!"

"I know sweet hart but we have to help our friend you know!"

"Yea well somebody might want to think about helping this friend!"

She took my cock in her hand and squeezed it!

Beth walked out and again she went through the whole walking to the end of the patio and back but this time I couldn't take my eyes off of her! She had put on some spandex shorts that became see through when she bent over or stretched in any way. The material was solid until she moved, and then it was shear! I had never seen any thing like it! She would take a step and I could even see the crack in her ass then it was gone! It was incredible watching her walk away and back! She had on a halter-top that had no back and fit her tits like a second skin. It was a dark cloth that buttoned behind her neck. Her boobs fell out of the sides just a little but the effect of it being so tight made it look like it was painted on!

"Ho SHIT BETH THAT"S HOT!" I whistled at her as she turned for me again. 

She was looking at Terry not me as she moved over to set next to her friend.

"I bought my self some shorts like that! Aren't they hot Sam? I think I will wear them to the boat Sunday!

She reached over and put her hand on Beth's leg sliding it up and down her thigh, "Would you like a beer or a glass of wine? I think I might have some wine my self!"

Terry ran her hand over Beth's thigh and just let it drift up and over her shoulder and across her back as she got up and went into the house! Now I knew I wasn't seeing things! I know I would have remembered that kind of touch! Beth caught me looking at her as Terry's hand drifted over her shoulder and kind as smiled at me blushing just a little.

It was only a few minutes when Terry was back with their wine. She sat back down as I excused my self to start the BBQ. I got the coals going and went into get another beer. I closed the fridge and turned just in time to see Terry kissing Beth on the lips! She ran her hand over her shoulder before setting back in her chair and putting her feet up letting her dress fall back exposing her soft ass to her friend. She never moved as I walked back out to set with them and her whole hip and leg was exposed to both of us!

Beth was still blushing red as I set down; "Lades is there just a little more I might want to know about the two of you?

Next is, TERRY TELLS ME ABOUT THEM TOUCHING


