Spike had found a seat under a tree that offered some shade and settled down with a cigarette and book, prepared to spend the afternoon being lazy while he waited for his lover to get out of class. So it was a surprise to see Angel come jogging out to the parking lot almost two and a half hours early. Still, he wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth, not when it meant more time with Angel than he usually got during the week. Glancing down at the book, he noted which page he was on and shut it, then got to his feet just as the brunet reached him. “Class let out early, pet?“

Angel grinned and shook his head. “Nah. Told the teacher I wasn't feeling too good, figured I should go home and get some rest.“

One eyebrow rose at the knowledge that Angel the eager student had actually lied to ditch class, but the only thing Spike said was, “Reckon I should get you home then. Wouldn't wanna make any... discomfort you're feelin' worse, would I?“

“Oh yeah.” Dark eyes grew heated as Angel reached out, hooking his fingers in Spike's belt loops and pulling the smaller man towards him. He ducked his head down to nuzzle along the blond's neck, tongue flicking out to taste the soft skin just under his earlobe. “I should probably get right to bed,” he murmured. “Think you could tuck me in?”

A low growl rumbled in Spike's throat, and he slid one hand up into the dark hair to hold him in place. “Think you're goin' straight to bed,” he ground out. “Wouldn't count on gettin' much rest once you're there, though.”

Angel chuckled and nipped his ear. “Might just have to stay in bed tomorrow, too,” he teased softly. He didn't know why he was so willing to skip school or even miss it completely, but he hadn't been willing to wait for the promised time with his lover. And judging from the way Spike was rubbing up against him, the blond wasn't complaining, so he figured it was better not to question.

“Right, then,” Spike panted, pushing him back before he could get any closer to throwing him down and fucking him in the middle of campus. “Home it is.” He grabbed Angel's hand and set out for the parking lot, towing the tall brunet behind him as he hurried for the car.

Once Angel was in the car, Spike paused for a second, taking a deep breath and praying for some kind of control that would let him get them home before he jumped him. The last time they'd had car sex, they'd nearly destroyed his shocks, and he doubted the mechanic would buy the whole 'hit some unexpected speed bumps' story twice in three months. Not that he really cared, but Angel got upset when he thought people knew too much about their sex life, so Spike did his best to keep it under wraps.

Thankfully that didn't mean no public sex ever, though, and he smiled as he thought about the bathroom and the little treat they'd found there. Sliding into his seat, Spike buckled his seatbelt and started the car, then glanced over at his lover. “Ready for- Christ, pet!”

Angel was rubbing the hard lump of his erection through his jeans, shifting restlessly in his seat. Spike reached out to stroke him, fingertips moving slowly up along his length. “Really got yourself worked up into a state, there, didn't you?”

“Yeah. Just couldn't stop- ohhh, stop thinking about the bathroom,” Angel moaned, his eyes fluttering as Spike covered him with his palm and rocked against him.

Reaching down to quickly adjust his own rock-hard dick, Spike gave himself a squeeze, then pulled his hand back. “Gonna have to wait, pet,” he told him. “Home first, an' then you get fucked, yeah?”

“But I need it,” Angel whined, his hand drifting back to stroke himself. “You didn't let me come this morning, and after-”

“An' whose fault was that?” Spike's tone sharpened. “Seem to remember someone earnin' himself a punishment last night, don't I? Wasn't gonna let you come until tonight, but figured I'd give you a special treat with what we came across in the bathroom. You gonna make me regret it?”

He glanced away from the road to see Angel bite his lip and shake his head, and smirked as a new punishment occurred to him. “Right, then. If you're gonna act like a slut, you get treated like one. Want you touchin' yourself all the way home, but you come an' I'll chain you up an' make you watch while I play with our special guest tonight.

Angel started to protest, but one sharp look from Spike made him moan instead. He loved seeing Spike take control, and nothing made him hotter than when it included orders that he knew would be almost impossible to obey. Squeezing his shaft, he slowly started to rub his palm over it, working himself slowly over in the way he knew Spike liked best.

For several minutes, neither one said anything, and the only noise in the car was the faint creak of Angel's seat as he fought to keep still, and the low thrum of the engine outside. As he shifted up into second and turned onto the main street that would take them home, Spike asked, “So what's got you all wound up like this, pet?”

“Just couldn't stop thinking about the bathroom,” he replied, licking his lips as he remembered the way the stranger's mouth had felt around his cock. “Having you fuck me right there, in the middle of school... and then getting sucked off at the same time...”

Spike smiled. “Hot, wasn't it?” Angel nodded, although the blond didn't glance over to see. It wasn't necessary, not when he knew the answer without being told. “You get all hard an' hungry in class, then? Start pitchin' a tent right where anybody could see, thinkin' about me slidin' up inside you?”

“God, yeah,” Angel gasped. “Felt so empty, like I wanted you to come fuck me right there, no matter who could see.” He knew Spike loved it when he talked dirty, and after three years together, he was finally comfortable enough to let all the filthy things he sometimes thought about spill out. It didn't hurt that it got easier when he was horny, or that he was almost always horny around Spike. “I thought about- ohhh, God!- thought about trying to squeeze in a quickie during the break but it just wasn't enough. I want-”

“Wanna get fucked right proper, don'tcha?” Spike purred, his voice like dark chocolate and velvet. “Need me to lay you out an' make you beg for it. Want me inside, turnin' you inside out with every thrust while you can't do a damn thing but lay there an' take it. That what you want, baby?”

Angel's only reply was a shuddering moan. He thrust up against his hand, curling his fingers around his dick when he felt the denim dampen as precome leaked through. “H-how close are we?”

“Bout ten minutes,” was the amused reply. “How close are you?”

He shuddered. “Seven minutes less than that,” he joked, his voice wobbling as his shaft pulsed and the first real wet spot appeared on his jeans. “God, please, Spike!”

Spike shook his head. “Not a chance. Want you hard an' needy, cause as soon as we get in the door, I'm shovin' you down an' fuckin' you, hard an' fast as I can. Won't even let you get your clothes off, just shove your pants down, open my fly an' take you right there.”

A tortured groan filled the car. “Fuck, please don't talk like that, not if you want me to last. Or let me just-”

“Don't you dare stop touchin',” Spike ordered him. “Can you feel it, luv, how hard you are? How wet you're gettin', just from the thought of me pushin' you down an' fuckin' you? 'S makin' you squirm, innit? Needin' me inside, needin' my dick to fill you up an' make you scream.”

“Spiiiiiiiike.” Angel writhed in his seat, thrusting helplessly up against his hand, fingers squeezing as hard as he dared in an effort to choke off the orgasm he feared he couldn't hold back. “Ohhhh shit... please... I need, gotta- fuck, gotta come... please!”

Spike slid one hand down to grip his cock, hissing softly as he listened to the begging that never failed to make him hard as a rock. He was just about to look for somewhere to pull over when he spotted their street. “Hang on, pet.” A sharp turn had the car pulling into the driveway, and Spike barely paused to throw the car into park before he barked, “Outta the car, right now.”

Angel fairly flew out of his seat, already mentally figuring the distance from the driveway to the front door. But he'd barely rounded the front of the car when Spike's hand lashed out and caught hold of his jacket. The blond jerked, bringing him down hard onto the hood of the car, his hand sliding down to press on the center of Angel's back, holding him in place. “Don't move,” Spike growled.

The tone of his voice sent a shiver up Angel's spine, and he could only moan as he felt Spike quickly unzip his fly and yank his jeans down off his hips. A brief movement behind him and then the hard, wet tip of Spike's cock was pressing against his hole. Angel whimpered and pressed back against it, then yelped when a hard hand descended on his ass.

“Said don't move, didn't I?” Spike demanded. Any other time he would've held back for that and spent hours making Angel regret disobeying him, but the show in the car had turned him on too much to hold back. He settled for spanking him again as he spat into his hand and stroked himself, then pushed forward.

Both men groaned as he slid inside, and as soon as he was completely sheathed in Angel's body, Spike braced his hands on either side of Angel's head and ground against him. “Beg for it,” he commanded.

“Please!” The sharp cry burst forth before he thought, and much to Angel's relief, it was enough. With a soft grunt, Spike started to fuck him, his cock stabbing in and out, driving Angel up against the car until one hand dropped down to stroke him. He moaned as Spike began to jerk him off, the short, quick strokes stripping any thoughts of control he had away until he could only hold on to the hood of the car and hope that Spike really meant it about hard and fast.

He had. Spike slammed into him, moaning when he felt Angel clench around him. “Such a slut,” he gasped. “Just love it, don't you, gettin' fucked out here in the open, where anyone can see? Ohhh fuck, do that again. Don't care that the neighbors could look out an' see you takin' it up the ass, do you? Or are you just such a slut that you- shit!- love knowin' it, 'zat it?”

The words and images they were creating combined to set him on fire, and Angel knew he couldn't wait much longer. “Gonna come,” he panted. “Please, Spike, need to come! Don't care who sees, don't- oooohhhhh, don't care, just... fuck, gotta come!”

The pleading babble from his usually taciturn lover made Spike groan. “Yeah, that's it, pet. Wanna feel you come for me. Gonna fill your ass up, want it milkin' me... shit, now! Come on, baby, give it to me!” He twisted his wrist as he stroked Angel, and the other man cried out, his cock throbbing in Spike's grip as he shot streams of come against the car. The first hard squeeze around his dick took Spike over the edge with him and he groaned, tilting his head back and fucking him as hard as he could through the hot pulses of his own climax.

When he was spent, the blond slowly pulled back, bending to place a gentle kiss on the back of his lover's neck. “Better now?” he asked quietly, helping him stand back up. He reached up to pull the taller man down, lips brushing in a sweet caress.

“Mmmm,” Angel murmured, smiling against Spike's mouth. “Definitely better.”

Spike grinned. “Good to hear.” He swatted Angel's bare ass again. “Cause you've still gotta shower an' get ready for our guest, but now you'll have to wash the car first.”