Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa's Wild Passion Chapter 21: Futa's Little Sister Surprise
Summary: Jenny gets one huge surprise from her little sister!
Keywords: hh ff hhF hf Fsolo inc preg oral exhib voy DP D/s creampie
Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to FallenAngelX00 for beta reading this!

My jaw dropped. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

And, no, I didn't mean the pregnancy test that my little sister Allie was holding that clearly showed that I had knocked up the love of my life. Normally, that would be enough to have my heart exploding in shock. In excitement.

No, it was what was growing from between my little sister's legs that had me stunned.

Thrusting from the sparse bush of strawberry-blonde hair grew her clit into a dick. She was becoming a futanari like me. It grew bigger and thicker. I stared at it past the pregnancy test that she held before my face. I couldn't look away from her clit growing into a cock as big as mine. Thick and throbbing, a fourteen-year-old shaft of futa-passion.

Oh, my god, I croaked.

I know, I'm preggers! Allie cheered. She bounced in place, her cock flopping before her. This is so incredible. You did it, Jenny! You knocked your little sister up.

Uhh... Sara or Tara groaned from my right. Is that...?

Yeah... the other twin said.

Oh, my, Allie, our mother gasped from my left. The entire family had been waiting in the living room naked. We had all been eager to learn the news if I had bred Allie or not. She had missed her period this morning, so church was on hold to find out if it had happened. You're...

Pregnant! Allie squealed, still oblivious to that massive cock bouncing before her. It's so awesome! I mean... Why are you all staring at me like I have something on my teeth or... She looked down. Then she looked up at me. She blinked. Then she looked down again. Do I...?

Have a cock? I asked.

Yeah. Oh, my god, I have a cock! But Futanari Syndrome is like super-duper rare. How can we both...? We're sisters! It's genetic, isn't it! I have it, too. I'm a futa! Oh, my god! I'm a pregnant dickgirl!

She threw her arms around my neck and held me tight. Our futa-cocks pressed tight. They throbbed together as she rained kisses across my face. Her joy shone in her blue eyes. A thrill ran through me. Heady. Dizzying.

My little sister was a futa.

A pregnant futa.

Pregnant with my child.

I had knocked up my little sister and now she was a futa.

My mind just kept stumbling over those thoughts while Allie rained kisses all over my face. Then she planted one on my lips. She thrust her tongue into my mouth, swirling it around in me. I shuddered, my futa-cock twitching against hers.

I kissed her back, my lust surging through my excitement. I trembled, my heart pounding wildly in my chest. My tongue danced in her mouth. I caressed her. Savored the feel of her quivering against me. She was just such a sexy, cute, and amazing delight.

I broke the kiss and suddenly I had to give my first blowjob. I'd never had sex with a cock before. Dildos, yes, but they were just bits of plastic. They weren't the same as a cock. A big, throbbing, living, cumming cock.

My pussy clenched. This virginal excitement rushed through me. I'd never had a real cock in me. I didn't have a cherry, but did dildos even count? Not compared to my little sister's futa-dick. This wave of heat washed through me.

I fell to my knees. Allie's eyes widened. She stared down at me as I grabbed her big, throbbing cock. The twins and our mother watched us. This felt so right to have the family witness Allie's first time receiving a blowjob. And it had to be me. I had to be the first one to enjoy this cock.

Just like she was the first one to enjoy my dick.

Jenny, Allie groaned as I nuzzled into her pussy lips first. I held her cock and licked at her fresh-tasting twat. Her curly hairs caressed over my cheeks. I lapped at her pregnant snatch, dragging my tongue up her petals to her blossoming dick. Oh, Jenny, I love you.

Love you, I cooed and then licked up her shaft. 

I dragged my tongue up her cock. I licked higher and higher up her shaft. I savored the way she throbbed and twitched in my light grip. I shifted my fingers so I could lap up her cock unimpeded. A breathy whimper rose from Allie's throat.

It reached a squeaking crescendo just as my tongue caressed over the tip of her clit-dick. I swirled around it. I caressed her. Teased her. I loved the feel of her throbbing against my tongue. Her precum spilled out. So salty and delicious.

Did mine taste as good.

Jenny! she squealed, her entire body shaking. I have a cock. I wanted this so much.

Lucky them, groaned Tara or Sara.

I know! the other twin panted. We could have gotten the lucky genetics. Futa-twins. That would have been hot.

So hot.

I heard kissing, the pair sharing their twincest. Just like I loved my little sister, they loved each other. Us Riter girls liked to keep the passion in the family. 

I swirled my tongue around Allie's cock and then swallowed the tip. I savored it in my mouth. Her dick throbbed and twitched in my stroking hand. I had a real cock in my mouth. It was warm and soft. It was so unlike anything else. My own ached as I sucked on Allie's dick.

She gasped. Moaned. Her face twisted in delight. I stared up at her, watching her strawberry-blonde pigtails swaying about her face. The pleasure that spilled over her features was just such an amazing treat to witness.

She had such a big smile on her lips. This radiant grin that spread from ear to ear. I sucked hard on her clit-dick. I nursed on her, sucking, slurping, reveling in the way her futa-dick throbbed in my hungry mouth.

I bobbed and sucked and slurped. I remembered everything my little sister had ever done to my futa-dick. My left hand darted up. I rubbed through her silky bush to caress her hot pussy lips as I blew her. My digits danced up and down her pregnant twat.

I thrust a pair into her tight, hot, and juicy depths.

Oh, my god, Jenny! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to cum! I'm going to flood your mouth with girl-cum! A huge smile crossed her lips and then a mischievous glint appeared in her blue eyes. I can cum!

I bet you cum so much, honey, our mother purred. Oh, two futa-daughters. How lucky for me.

So lucky, Mom! Allie cooed, her hand sliding through my blonde hair. Jenny! Jenny, just keep sucking! I'm going to flood your mouth with cum.

I wanted that. I nursed hard. I sucked with all my might. I twisted my head from side to side, rubbing her cock's spongy tip around inside of my mouth. Allie's pussy clenched down around my fingers. Her juices dripped down my wrist and spilled over the back of my hand.

I sucked hard. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her girl-cock. I loved her. Nursed on her. Gave her my all. It was such a treat to do. I was so glad I could deliver such pleasure to her. That I could suck and love and worship her futa-dick. 

Jenny, yes! she gushed. Suck my big futa-dick! Ooh, you love it! Yes, you do.

I winked at her.

My fingers pumped in and out of her cunt. I plundered her pussy and sucked hard on her cock. Her pregnant snatch squeezed about my digits. Her futa-cock throbbed in my stroking hand. It pulsed with her heartbeat. Her precum spilled over my tongue.

I loved that salty delight.

Her hands grabbed my hair. She balled up fists, clutching tight to me. I groaned, savoring the way she held tight to me. My heart beat faster and faster in my chest. My pussy clenched. My futa-dick throbbed, wanting to be pleasured, but my hands were busy.

Jenny! Allie squealed. It's... it's... Happening!

Hot futa-cum fired into my mouth. I had tasted my own but never straight from the source. Ever firing into my mouth and splashing across the back of my throat. A wonderful thrill rippled through me as I drank down my little sister's seed.

Her pussy writhed around my fingers. I thrust them into her pregnant depths, reveling in her flesh spasming around them. She gasped and moaned. Her hand clutched my hair as I drank down load after load of her yummy cum.

Jenny! Jenny! I love you! Jenny! Drink my cum!

So beautiful, Mom cooed. My futa-daughters are so beautiful.

Fucking hot to watch! one of the twins moaned.

Right! gasped the other. Ooh, finger my cunt faster. Let's cum!

Yes!

I sucked out the last of Jenny's cum. My little sister swayed. Her eyes were so bright. Then she ripped her cock out of my mouth. I panted, cum drooling down my chin. My little sister pounced on me. I ripped my fingers out of her twat as she darted down. She kissed me with hunger. Her tongue plundered my mouth as she pushed me down onto my back.

She settled between my thighs, our futa-dicks pressing together. Hers slipped off to the right of mine and throbbed. I stared up at her and this nervous excitement rippled through me. This would be my first time with a cock.

Her hands caressed my cheeks. I'll be gentle, Jenny. Just like you were with me.

I blinked.

It doesn't count unless it's a real cock, right? she asked. Her smile grew. I mean, I never really cared before. But now... This is your first real one. And it's mine.

Tears brimmed in my eyes. I nodded my head. A whimper rose from my throat. She kissed me. Her lips were soft and loving. I slid my arms around my sister, holding her to me. The twins and our mother watched us and yet we felt alone. Just in our own world.

Allie drew back her hips. Her cock slid and slid down my futa-shaft. My pussy clenched, brimming with excitement for her. To have this real dick bury into the depths of my pussy. To fill me up and make me cum so hard.

Her cock slid through my bush. She nuzzled it right into my pussy. I quivered and shuddered. She pressed forward. I groaned as her clit-dick pushed on my cuntlips. They spread to engulf her. I whimpered into her kiss as my first real, live cock entered me.

My little sister's cock.

It was this magical moment I would remember for the rest of my life. The way her thick tip pushed into my tight sheath. She went deeper and deeper into me. My futa-dick throbbed between our stomachs, drinking in the heat that flowed up from my cock. The bliss rippled out of me. It swelled up my dick and brimmed at the tip.

Felt amazing there.

She bottomed out in me. My little sister was all the way in me. I groaned, squeezing my cunt down, memorizing the girth and length of her. She twitched inside of me. Her pulse rippled up it. We were connected in a new way. An amazing way.

Allie broke the kiss. I love you, Jenny.

I love you, too, I whimpered. You're my first.

Each other's firsts, she said. Her grin turned mischievous. And now I'm going to make you preggers!

I gasped as she drew back her cock with a wild pull. She slid through my flesh so fast and then she rammed back into me before I could even realize it. I gasped, bucking beneath her as she buried to the hilt in me. And then she did it again. And again. My pussy clenched around her, drinking in the friction of her pistoning cock.

Allie! I moaned. Oh, my god, Allie!

I know! she purred, thrusting away with hard strokes. It's amazing, isn't it? My futa-cock fucking you?

So amazing! I groaned. Oh, my god, yes, yes! That's so good! Yes, yes, Allie!

Going to make you preggers! she panted. Yes, yes, going to knock my big futa-sis up with my sexy cock!

Do it! I hissed, loving her enthusiasm. Pump all your baby-making spunk in me. Let's be pregnant together!

Yes! she squealed and then rained kisses on me.

She thrust her cock into my pussy, her squirming belly massaging my futa-cock. The delight raced down my dick to my pussy being so thoroughly plundered by her girl-dick. My little sister smooched over my face and drove me towards the brink of my orgasmic bliss. I would have such an amazing orgasm on her shaft.

My cunt would milk her cock of all her seed. The twins moaned. Mom gushed and oohed. My little sister kissed me on the mouth while she rammed her futa-cock in and out of me at her top speed. She didn't hold anything back.

She wouldn't be my Allie if she did.

I grabbed her rump. I squeezed her ass, kneading her. I pulled her into me, loving how she kissed me. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. She plundered it as much as she did my pussy with her big, throbbing cock.

My orgasm built so fast. It grew and grew with every one of my little sister's thrusts. She stirred me up with her amazing cock. She had me sliding my hands up and down her back, trembling beneath her. 

That is so fucking hot! one of the twins moaned.

Two sisters with cocks! groaned the other.

I know, my mother panted. Oh, my, they're going to ravish me so much.

Allie broke the kiss and grinned down at me. We're going to fuck them so hard, aren't we!

Yes! I gasped and came on her futa-cock.

My pussy went wild around her clit-dick. My cunt convulsed. Spasmed. The pleasure rushed through my body. I groaned as my futa-cock spurted. The jizz fired up between our bodies. It splashed onto our tits pressed tight together. Her hard nipples brushed mine.

Sparks flew.

Allie! Allie! I gasped.

Going to make you preggers! she moaned, thrusting into my spasming depths. Yes!

Her cock erupted into me. My eyes widened as I felt cum flood my pussy for the first time. This was the delight that every woman I had ever fucked got to experience. This was the passion that consumed them. That had them moaning and gasping and groaning out their delight. It was incredible. I couldn't believe how amazing it was.

My pussy spasmed around my little sister's cock as she pumped more and more of her fertile seed into me. I whimpered and groaned. More jizz erupted from my own cock. It spilled between our bodies, making us both so sticky.

Jenny! Jenny! gasped Allie. Her blue eyes met mine.

I know! I gasped and kissed her.

I wrung out the last of the cum from her spurting cock. I trembled beneath her, loving the feel of her atop me. She squirmed, her futa-dick so hard. My shaft ached between us. The scent of salty cum filled the air.

That was so fucking hot, groaned one of the twins.

Right! gasped the other.

I have two beautiful and sexy futa-daughters, Mother gushed. I can't believe it. I get to be a mommy-slave to you both.

My sister broke the kiss and then she whispered something in my ear. Something so naughty. So insane. So wild. I gasped beneath her. My pussy clenched down on her cock. My futa-dick throbbed between our bodies.

You want to do that? Allie asked, lifting her head from my ear.

Yes! I moaned, staring up at her with such awe brimming inside of me. You are the wildest, sexiest, and hottest little sister in the world!

Yep! she said.

What? asked one of the twins.

What is she up to? the other one purred.

Mommy-slut, on your side! I hissed. Stretch out on the floor and lift your leg. We're double-fucking you!

Yes, Mistress, groaned Mom, her voice brimming with that submissive ache. She was so eager to serve.

I watched her blonde hair tumbling about her face. Her large, lush breasts swayed as she sank down to the ground. Her big boobs pillowed out into a pair of wonderful and shapely mounds that I could just bury my face into. I would love her so much. I would fuck her so hard. I would pound her. It would be incredible. 

My sister slid off of me, sliding her amazing new cock out of my cunt. I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing and aching. A flood of hot cum rushed out of my pussy after that. I shuddered at how wicked that felt.

Allie jumped over our mother and settled down behind her. She snuggled up to her back and nuzzled into her ear, licking and lapping. Mom shuddered. Her big boobs jiggled as they pillowed together. She kept her leg spread wide, her shaved pussy on display. Her cuntlips spread open, brimming with her juices.

Oh, god, let's sixty-nine, Tara said. I knew it was her since I could see her now. She had the pierced clit.

Yes! Sara moaned, her nipple piercings flashing across her jiggling tits.

As the twins fell into their sixty-nine, I moved up before my mother. She had such a wicked gleam in her blue eyes. She was so eager to be double-fucked by her two futa-daughters. A rush rippled through me. Delight sparkled in my eyes as I pressed my futa-dick into her pussy. I nuzzled it right against her cuntlips while my cum-splattered tits rubbed into her big boobies.

Mmm, we're going to fuck you hard, Mommy-slut, I cooed.

Yes, yes, fuck your Mommy-slut so hard! she moaned. Let my pussy and asshole satiate your cocks.

Oh, I'm not fucking your asshole, Mommy-slut! Allie said and then her cock's tip joined mine at the entrance to our mother's pussy. We're fucking you together. We're going to keep fucking your pussy until one of us breeds you.

Oh, my god, gasped my mother, her eyes wild. Both?

Both your little girls back in your pussy, I cooed. 

Just where we belong, Allie added. Ready, Jenny?

Yes!

We pressed forward together.

Mom groaned. Her big boobs rubbed into my cum-splattered tits as her pussy lips spread and spread over our cocks. Our crowns were pressed tight. I shuddered as those juicy labia slowly engulfed our cocks.

Then we were inside of our mother. Allie whimpered. I gasped. Mom groaned. She was so hot and tight, but so wet. Between her juices and our precum, we pushed deeper and deeper into the silky, incestuous heaven of our mother's cunt.

Allie and I plundered our mother's pussy together.

Oh, my god! Mom gasped, her face twisting with delight. You... This... Both of you together!

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Allie. Kathy saw this is in some futa-comic porn she read. She told me about it and I thought it was so hot and... and... It is. Mommy-slut!

So fucking good! Mom groaned. Her pussy clenched around our cocks, pressing my dick into my little sister's big shaft.

We went deeper and deeper into my mother's twat. Our clit-dicks plundered her depths. The incestuous delights rippled through me. My sister and I bottomed out in her. We had fit every inch of our cocks into our mother's pussy.

We were sharing her.

It was incredible. It only made me love Allie even more to share this joy with her. We were reveling in this wonderful pleasure together. Our cocks throbbed tight. They pulsed and twitched and throbbed together.

She whimpered, pleasure crossing her face. Then we pulled back. I groaned at the pleasure surging down my shaft. This outstanding heat rippled down my cock. Our futa-dicks throbbed together, both of us increased in our mother's juicy pussy. That delicious and amazing snatch that had brought us into the world.

We thrust back into our mother together.

Oh, my god! Mom gasped. Both my daughters are in me! My sexy futa-daughters are in my cunt!

Sounds fucking hot, Mom! one of the twins moaned.

Mmm, can't wait for our turn! groaned the other.

Better keep a close eye on our birth control pills. Allie will be coming for them.

Yes, yes, yes! Allie moaned and thrust into our mother harder than I did, her cock slipping ahead of mine.

We were out of sync. As I finished thrusting into my mother's pussy's, Allie's cock was pulling back, sliding past mine. Our crowns kissed. This jolt of delight shot down to my pussy. I gasped and smiled, savoring every bit of it. This amazing pleasure surged through my body. I groaned, my cunt clenching. 

Allie rammed back in again and again. She fucked our mother faster than I did. It was incredible to feel her cock sliding past mine, our tips kissing. Sparks burst in the heaven of our sexy mom's hot cunt.
 
Oh, my god! Mom groaned, her body trembling. Mistress Jenny! Mistress Jenny!

You may cum, Mommy-slut! I groaned as I buried into her cunt.

Thank you!

Yes, yes, cum on our big dicks! gasped Allie, her own cock burying into our mother's twat over and over again. Do it! This will be so hot!

Yes! I gasped, my heart racing. The pleasure surged through my body. The bliss was intense. I would have such amazing orgasms. Do it, please, Mommy-slut!

I thrust into her over and over again. My cock plunged past Allie's then hers thrust past mine. We pistoned in and out of our mother's juicy twat. She groaned, her cunt clenching around our futa-cocks, pressing them tight.

I fucked her hard. I pounded my mother's snatch with my dick while Allie joined me. I could feel the pleasure building and building as Mom and Allie massaged my dick. I would have such a huge eruption. I would fire so much cum into my mother's depths.

Mistresses! Mom howled and bucked.

Her pussy went wild around our futa-cocks. Her hot flesh convulsed and spasmed. The pleasure shot down my girl-dick. I gasped as her writhing flesh pressed me tight against my little sister's shaft. I reveled in the heaven of her cock plunging past mine as we fucked our mother's climaxing cunt.

Her moans echoed through the living room. Her breasts rubbed into my tits. Those wonderful boobs jiggled and heaved. They felt so incredible rubbing against mine. I groaned, my orgasm building faster and faster.

I would have such an amazing climax. I would cum so hard. I would spurt my jizz into my mother's cunt. My little sister's jizz would join me. We would flood our mother with blast after blast of our fertile futa-seed.

Allie! I gasped.

Yes, yes, let's breed Mom together! she howled, driving her cock past mine. She buried to the hilt in our mother's snatch.

Yes! I moaned, the pleasure rushing through me.

I rammed to the hilt in our mother's twat. Her breasts rubbed into mine as she thrashed between us. She whimpered and moaned. Her pussy convulsed and spasmed, sucking at our cocks. My cunt clenched.

I erupted.

My cock spurted hot futa-jizz into my mother's twat. Allie's dick pulsed against mine. Our two shafts fired blast after blast of cum into Mom. She moaned, holding me tight. We filled her fertile pussy with our futa-seed.

My daughters! she gasped. My sexy futa-daughters! Yes, yes! Breed me! I want your babies! Oh, yes, yes! Mistress Jenny! Mistress Allie!

Fuck, yes! howled from Allie. Take our futa-seed!

Oh, my god, groaned one of the twins. Drink my pussy juices!

Yes, yes! They're breeding mom! Fuck, Tara!

I know, Sara!

The twins moaned through their own orgasms while Mom, Allie, and I gasped. Mom's cunt spasmed wildly, wringing both futa-dicks dry. I groaned as I fired the last of my spunk into my mother's twat. I panted, my breasts rising and falling. The wild pleasure surged through my body. I felt so dizzy from it.

Oh, damn, that's great, I moaned. Oh, that was just the best thing in the world.

Right! gasped Allie. Oh, Mom, we're going to make you so preggers!

That sounds wonderful, Mistress Allie, Mom slurred. She sounded so happy right now. And so was I.

Now we have to fuck the twins! squealed my sister.

So, I groaned, spilling out of Mom. Which one wants to ride which of us? I asked.

I get Allie, the one on top shouted. Tara, it turned out, her clit ring flashing as she rushed over to Allie on the other side of our panting mother.

Mom rolled onto her back, her big tits heaving and rising.

I wanted Allie, groaned Sara as she sat up, her face gleaming with Tara's juices.

What am I, the consolation prize? I asked.

Yep! Allie said. Sorry, Jenny. You're the old cock now. Mine's the brand new futa-dick! Every girl's going to be all over me at school tomorrow.

I giggled. You and Kathy Greene are going to have a wild time. I want to hear all about it.

Yes! Allie gasped as Tara straddled her. Every day after school, we'll get to compare notes and see who was the naughtiest that day.

You're going to win every time, I panted as Sara lowered her pussy to me, her tits jiggling.

Oh, yeah, my older sister agreed as she grabbed my cock and aimed it up at her pussy. Allie with a cock... No girl at the school will be safe.

Nope! Allie said with such glee. Then she gasped. Tara! That pussy! Ooh, another big sis pussy to love!

Another little sister cock to enjoy! Tara moaned, her large tits heaving.

Mmm, they have such amazing cocks, Mom moaned, her voice thick and dazed. She absently rubbed a hand through her bush sticky with cum.

Sara's shaved pussy lips brushed the tip of my cock. I grinned up at her as she winked back down at me. Then she sank her juicy cunt down my futa-dick. The pleasure was intense. A ripple of delight that swept over me. I groaned, my toes curling. This wave of heat washed through my body. I shuddered, my heart pumping harder and faster. 

Sara's big breasts jiggled over my head. Her pierced nipples flashed and gleamed. More and more of her pussy sank down my cock. She bottomed out on me, my red bush caressing her bare cuntlips. She groaned, her twat squeezing down on me.

Allie gasped nearby, enjoying Tara working up and down her girl-dick. Sara worked her hips and then, in mirror of her twin, rose up my cock at the same moment. I wasn't even sure she was aware of it, but I could see Tara riding Allie's cock in the same rhythm that Sara worked that sweet twat up and down my dick.

Twins moving in sync.

That's hot, I groaned at the phenomenon.

I know, Sara said, staring down at me. She cupped my round breasts. You and Allie are going to be such naughty, little sisters.

Yes, I groaned as her thumbs swept over my nipples. She massaged them. Sparks burst through my body. I panted, savoring that wonderful delight. My futa-dick throbbed in her pussy. 

I slid my hands up her body to her bouncing tits. They even heaved in the same way, though Sara's had those exciting nipple piercings. They flashed with gold, focusing my eyes on them like a laser. I had to play with them.

Introduce a difference between the twins' actions.

My hands slid up faster. I cupped her breasts, hefting them. Sara grinned at me, her thumbs massaging my nipples in slow circles. Her hips added a naughty undulation, stirring from side to side, breaking her rhythm from her twin's.

Mmm, you like my tits, don't you, Sara cooed. You like them big, huh, Jenny?

Yes, I groaned. Like Mom's. Big and soft and just so much fun to play with.

Mmm, I bet they are so much fun to play with, she cooed, her eyes sparkling. She squeezed her cunt around my futa-cock as she slid up me. She pulled my hand from her right tit and brought my digits to her mouth. Are you going to play with my titties?

She sucked my finger into her mouth. Her lips sealed around it. I groaned at the naughty sensation shooting down to my cock. My futa-dick throbbed in her pussy. This wild rush of bliss hot from my cunt and rippled through my body. The wicked heat set my heart to aching. She was so sexy.

Sara popped out my digit, leaving it gleaming. Mmm, are you?

Fuck, yes, Sara! I gasped and shot my hand back to her tit. My other slid up and found her nipple ring. I seized both. Tugged.

Sara moaned. 

Her pussy clamped down hard on my cock as I twisted her nipple rings. Her head threw back, her blonde hair dancing. Her pussy grew hotter, my clit-dick drinking in the bliss of her cunt. It flowed through my body. A wild delight that would have me cumming hard and fast. I would pump so much jizz into her snatch.

A rush of heat that would drown her. I groaned, thrusting up into her cunt. The pleasure spiked through me. Her pussy slammed down my dick. She ground her clit into my pubic mound as I twisted those nipples.

Jenny! she groaned, her green eyes smoldering as she stared down at me. Oooh, yes, yes, Jenny. You like doing that to me, don't you? Mmm, you're such a naughty slut, aren't you? Just playing with my big boobies.

Uh-huh, I groaned, my fingers twisting her nipple rings. I'm going to make you cum so hard!

Good! she hissed. I want to explode on this futa-dick!

Yes, yes, it's so good, Mom moaned. And look at you, Tara. Mmm, Riding my baby girl's big dick.

It's fucking huge! gasped Tara. As big as Jenny's!

Yes! Allie gasped. Ooh, work that pussy! Oh, your pussy feels incredible!

We're feeling the same pussies sliding up and down our dicks, I gasped to my sister-lover.

Identical twins are so fucking hot! gasped Allie, her face twisting in delight. I love it!

Yes, they are! I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure surged through my body. It raced down to my cunt. A big burst of delight that would explode out of me. I would fire so much spunk into Sara's pussy.

I groaned, so eager for that moment to consume me. I wanted it to drown me in such wild bliss as I came over and over in my older sister's cunt. It would be incredible to enjoy. The silky delight of her snatch gripped my cock. The wonderful delight bringing me closer and closer to that delicious spurt of jizz into her snatch.

I twisted her nipples rings. Pulled on them. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side. She licked her lips, gleaming with her twin's juices. She slammed her cunt down my cock. She worked that wonderful cunt. She brought me to the edge of my orgasm.

Allie! Tara gasped. Yes!

You like it when I play with your clit ring? Allie purred.

Fuck, yes!

Cum on our sister's dick! gasped Sara. I'm going to explode on Jenny's!

Then I'm coming for you, sis! Tara moaned. God, I'm going to devour you.

Sara licked her lips. Mmm, yum! Let's lick each other clean!

Another sixty-nine? gasped Allie. Yes!

I know, Mom groaned, her body shuddering as she now rubbed at her cum-filled pussy, the mix of jizz leaking out of her. Yes, yes, yes! Flood your big sisters' cunts!

I pulled hard on Sara's cunt as Tara gasped out in rapture. A moment later, Sara's pussy sank down my dick. She took me to the hilt and arched her back. Her tits heaved, nipple rings twisting in my fingers, almost tugged free.

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

Jenny! Allie squealed.

Cum in her pussy! I moaned. Do it! I'm flooding Sara's!

I erupted.

Yes, yes, yes! howled Allie.

My cum fired over and over into my sister's pussy. I pumped her full of cum. The pleasure surged out of me. The rapture pumped again and again from my dick. It was incredible. My eyes rolled back in my head. This wild heat surged through my body. 

I groaned and gasped, savoring every last spurt of jizz. They were all so amazing. So incredible to enjoy. I was so glad I had my cock. And that I had such a sexy, older sister. Two of them. One for both of us.

Pump that jizz in me! Sara and Tara moaned at the same time. Oh, my god! 

Sara's pussy milked out the last of my cum from that eruption. She left me dizzy. Panting. The pleasure surged through me. It was incredible to enjoy. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. I shuddered, dizzy and dazed from that wonderful pleasure that had swept through my body. I trembled on the floor, my heart pounding wildly.

My sister stared down at me, a big grin on her face. Then she ripped her pussy off my dick. Tara did the same from Allie. The pair rushed at each other and kissed as they sank down to the floor. It was clear that they loved each other as much as Allie and me.

I had to fuck Allie with my cock. But I wanted her cock back in me and... Allie! We have to fuck each other at the same time.

How?

Scissor, Sara or Tara purred as they moved into their sixty-nine. 

Double-headed dildo, the other one moaned.

Yes! Allie gasped.

Allie hopped to her feet as I set up. She leaped over our masturbating mother and landed lightly before me. Her wet futa-dick smacked her in the belly and flicked away a line of Tara's pussy juices that splashed hot across my tits. She grinned at me, her blue eyes smoldering. Then she sank down before me.

We scissored our legs together, right over left. Entwined, we scooted towards each other on our rumps. I held my cock aimed at her pussy. She did the same. I shuddered, wanting to fuck my sister and be fucked by her all at the same time. This would be so amazing. We'd have such a wicked and naughty time fucking each other. 

I couldn't wait. 

Then the tips of our futa-dicks came together. I gasped as they kissed, both soaked in one of the twins' cunt juices. A shiver ran through me as my cock went left. We slid past each other, both scooching inch by inch nearer and nearer. I aimed at her pussy lips peeking through her strawberry-blonde muff.

She aimed at mine.

Contact.

Jenny! she gasped as the tip of her girl-dick rubbed into my pussy lips.

Oh, Allie, I groaned as mine nuzzled into her labia. Her hot folds were so eager to be fucked while mine were sticky with her cum. Let's do this. Let's make love to each other.

Yes! she moaned and we scooted closer again, my heels digging into the carpet.

I shuddered as it happened at the same moment. Her pregnant pussy swallowed the tip of my futa-cock while my fertile cunt swallowed the crown of her clit-dick. We both gasped. Moaned. The double stimulation of penetrating hot quim and being penetrated by a hard shaft filled us both.

Awe crossed Allie's lips as we shared a pleasure only two futas could enjoy. Her blue eyes sparkled as her cock went deeper into my pussy and my dick ventured further into her cunt. It was amazing. Two different frictions.

Two different fantastic pleasure.

Yes, yes, yes! Allie gasped as we swallowed as much as the other as we could.

I know! I groaned, squeezing down on her cock, enjoying being filled by my little sister while I filled up her pussy.

We moved together. I leaned back on my hands, using my entire body to fuck my cock a few inches in and out of her cunt while working my twat up and down her dick. She did the same, her little titties jiggling.

It was amazing. A feedback loop of sensual delight. My futa-cock penetrated into her pussy, sending pleasure rippling down my shaft to my cunt. My twat squeezed around her hard clit-dick pumping in and out of my juicy depths. It added to the bliss and then sent it shooting back up to the tip of my cock buried in her silky twat. 

The cycle started again.

The pleasure built and built as we fucked each other.

Every moment, I either worked my cunt down her cock and buried my dick deeper into her pussy, or drew my snatch up her shaft and pulled my prick out of her twat. It was amazing. Delicious. Two different blisses build and built in me.

Allie! I gasped, my round tits heaving. The rest of the family faded. There was just my sexy Allie.

I know! she squeezed her cunt around my futa-dick. The pleasure shot down to my pussy which clenched about her girl-cock. I love you, Jenny!

Love you, Allie!

We fucked our hips forward and back over and over again. We thrust our dicks into the other's cunts. Pussies slid up and down futa-cocks. Rapture swept through me. I was joined to her in so many ways. United with my little sister.

The incestuous delight built and built, driving me towards my explosive release. My cum boiled in my ovaries, eager to spurt into my sister's hot cunt. I would flood her so hard. She would be dripping with cum.

It would be amazing.

The pleasure had my head throwing back. The bliss swept through my body. I groaned, loving every moment of her hot cunt squeezing about my futa-cock. I reveled in wonderful bliss of enjoying a juicy snatch squeezing and gripping my cock.

Allie!

Jenny! Cum in me while I cum in you!

Yes! I gasped, knowing that would be the ultimate bliss. I drove my cock deep into her cunt while my pussy swallowed every inch of her dick.

The dual frictions slammed into my ovaries. My cum hit a boil. I gasped as my futa-jizz unloaded into my little sister's cunt. My pussy spasmed around her cock as she screamed out in bliss. Girl-spunk pumped into my fertile depths.

Our cum pumped into the other's pussy. Our cunts writhed around the other's dick. It was incredible. My snatch worshiped her spurting prick. My shaft pumped blast after blast of my seed into her depths.

Jenny! Jenny! Jenny!

My sexy Allie!

Mom watched us, masturbating. The twins devoured the other's pussy. Allie and I pumped all our spunk we had into the other's spasming pussy. We shared this delight. Futa-sisters reveling in the bliss and passion of our incestuous love.

I hit that wonderful pinnacle. Allie squealed and then she lunged at me.

Our bodies shifted. Our cocks popped out of the other's pussy as she threw her arms around me. She kissed me hard as I buzzed from the rapture of our orgasm. I held my little sister tight. Our tongues danced and played together.

My heart sang with joy and love. My hands gripped her rump. I held her tight. My fingers dug into her, kneading her over and over again. I teased her. My tongue played with her. Dancing and swirling around in her mouth.

She was so sexy. So amazing. I loved my little futa-sister. I knew we would have so much fun together. It would be delicious. Epic. The sort of delight that only two naughty futas in love could share.

I wasn't letting go of my Allie. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nine months later, Allie went into labor. After seven hours, she had delivered Marigold Riter, my first futa-daughter. And certainly wouldn't be my last. Wendy, Principal Washington, Pita, Ivana, and my mother were all pregnant. 

I wasn't sure if Mom was mine or Allie's, to be honest, and Kathy Greene's was probably Allie's. But I was sure about Wendy, Principal Washington, and Pita. And Mom was having twins. I liked to think one was mine and one was Allie's.

We'd know soon.

I gasped for breath when I waddled into Allie's maternity room. She was on the bed, looking sweaty, dazed, and happy all at the same time. Our little daughter was held in swaddling cloth. My sister had a soft smile on her face as she stared down at the little miracle. I rubbed my hands across my belly.

Gasped as Allie's daughter kicked inside of me. 

It would be another month before I gave birth, with Mom having hers a week or two before me. The twins fled off to college, so they managed to escape being bred. Allie tried to steal their birth control pills. She even thought she had.

Decoys.

Isn't she beautiful? Allie said as I reached the bed. Want to hold her?

Yes, I breathed, staring at my futa-daughter. I took her in my arms. I cradled her. I beamed at that precious, little face. We made something beautiful, Allie.

Her hand rested on my pregnant stomach. She swept around it. Yes, we have. Mmm, as soon as I'm ready, we have to start for our second.

Third, I corrected.

Mmm, yes, she said happily.

I held my daughter and savored my sister-lover's hand sweeping across my belly. Futanari syndrome was an amazing thing. I was so glad I came down with it. That my sister had it, too. I hummed for joy and enjoyed this moment.

I had never been happier.

The END
