Julie's New Job Chapter 5
Jon continues with his version

  Now I had a new cock that looked nothing like what I had grown up with.  I was discouraged for a while after the operation; I would never have done anything like this on my own.  I had grown up with it and was happy with the way it had been.  Now, well, it was beginning to feel 'right'.
  Mary had been pushing me for sex on a daily basis, several times a day.  I had to pretend that I was starting to 'love' her, and when Joan brought Julie over one day I had to ignore the one true love of my life.  It was the hardest thing I had ever done.  When Julie had put her arms around me giving me a hug and tried to kiss me I had to pretend that I didn't want her.  It tore me up inside to see the haunted look that Julie gave me.  She started to cry and went out to Joan's car.  I had crushed her. 
  Although it was hurting her, I had to pretend that I loved Mary now, and later Joan.  I had developed another plan, and this time I was going to succeed in getting Julie and myself away from this bitch and her 'business'.  I was also going to make her pay dearly for disrupting our lives and marriage.  My plan had been fomenting in the back of my mind for the whole time I had been recuperating from the operation.  
  One thing that had caught my attention was that I was not the only one who had physically changed.  Julie's breast's were noticeably bigger and seemed to stick out and up more.  Her body was about as toned as I had ever seen it.  Her muscles had great definition.  I only hoped that she would still want me after the way I had seemingly ignored her.  I had been very cold towards her, which wasn't too hard at first due to her fucking around with all of Joan's 'clients'.  I felt as though she had loved all of the cock she was getting and that I was a let down to her in the sex department.
  Once we were free from Joan, maybe I could convince her to love me and want only me again.  It would take a lot of work but I still could remember our wedding vows as if we had spoken them only yesterday.  For better or worse, I was going to try to get my wife back.  If it didn't pan out after that, well, at least I would have done everything within my power to correct a very bad situation.
  One day Joan came over to the house where Mary and I were living as 'husband and wife'.  She ended up getting into bed with both of us.  My chance to show Joan that I was 'different' and willing to go along with her plan had arrived.  I did everything that I could remember to give her the absolutely best fucking she had ever had.  I did things that I had wanted to do with Julie, and some things that Mary had shown me she liked.  The end result was that Joan fell, and fell hard for me.  I could see it in her eyes as she left that night.  I was on track now to get free from her and get my revenge in return.  I still couldn't believe how she had taken my wife and then me into her sick twisted little world.  I was not nor am I now, a wimp. I had been into tough situations before and always managed to come out ok, so I knew that I would do all right in this one. That bastard Joe would pay dearly for his ratting us out, of that I was sure.
  The best part of fucking Joan that day had been when I leaned close to her and whispered that 'I thought I owed her big time'.  I saw that she took it like I thought she would and was happy.  I knew that she could not ever understand that I meant I owed her big time for fucking up my life and that I would get my revenge.  She saw it as I thought she had done me a big favor with the new cock.  I was laughing to myself (inside) at how surprised she was going to be.
  One day after that, Mary mentioned how all of my stuff had been shipped from my old job.  I questioned her (carefully of course) and found out that I had 'quit' my job.  I wondered if Joan knew about my 401k and other savings plans.  I also wondered about our checking accounts.  I checked into them and moved some money around, careful to not be caught on the computer.  I transferred most into cash and then transferred it all into my trading account.  I would have full control of all of my money.  It was a rather large sum, and it would tide Julie and myself over for quite some time.  I now had a war chest built up and prepared to get ready to push my plan to the utmost.
  Joan started to come by on a daily basis and we would usually fuck and suck for a while then she would leave.  Mary started to understand that she was losing me to Joan, and really started to get wild in bed, I guess to try to convince me to stay with her.  I was getting so much sex now that I was constantly getting pretty tired at odd times during the day.  Joan saw that Mary was wearing me out and one day she asked me if I would like to move into her place.  I said that I would, trying to remain very calm and objective.  I couldn't let her know that I had to be in her house in order to talk to Julie and let her know what I was planning.  I also needed to see if Julie was going to still be in love with me or had I lost her forever.  Joan had me moved into her place that week.  I saw Julie once during that week and she was withdrawn around me the whole time.
  Joan had me set up in her bedroom.  Julie's bedroom was next to Joan's, and I was certain that Julie could hear Joan and I fucking every night.  It was harder for me to have sex with Joan and still be convincing enough to let her feel that I was developing feelings for her.  Knowing that Julie was next door and could hear us, hear me, fucking Joan, had to be very hard on her.
  Finally, one day Joan had to leave and Julie was working out in the gym at the back of the house.  I knew that Joan had cameras and microphones everywhere so I arranged to take a run just before Julie went on hers.  I ran to the local park and waited by a big old oak tree.  Pretty soon Julie came running up.  As she went by I fell into step just behind her, and spoke out to her.
  "Julie! Julie, behind you." 
 She turned her head and caught sight of me.  She started to run harder.  I hadn't expected this.  I ran up and grabbed her arm and pulled her to the side.  Once we were on the grass and near some trees and bushes, I let go and watched her face.  She looked at me then started to look everywhere but at me. I finally started talking to her.
  "Julie, you have to listen to me.  We don't have much time."
  I was becoming afraid that she was going to run away.
  "Julie, please look at me."
  Julie finally looked up at me.
  "What do you want to tell me Jon?"
 She was very quiet.  "Joan might take this the wrong way and do something to me if she catches me talking to you even if you are...were...ar OH JON." 
 I took her in my arms as she started to sob.  She cried for a minute and then calmed herself down enough to listen to me.  
  "Julie, I have a sure fire plan, and soon we will be free from Joan and her cohorts.  You need to know that I still love only you Julie, only you.  I am very close to starting the process and getting us away, but you are going to have to answer me this one question..  Do you still love me?"  
  I waited and watched her face.  She looked very haunted and then she shook her head NO.  She was crying silently, tears running down her face.  I was stunned.  I asked her.
 "Don't you feel anything for me anymore Julie?"
  She sobbed loudly, and then she faced me.
  "It's not that I don't love you Jon, its, well...how can you still love me after all of the men, all of the whorish ways I have done and been?  You can't love me Jon, I don't even like myself, let alone love myself and if I can't love me how can I expect anyone else to love me?"
  I didn't know what to say.  I had thought that she didn't love me anymore and it was her doubts about my love for her she had meant.
  "Julie, I know that I have been acting very cruelly to you, but I had to so that Joan would think that she was winning me over.  I needed for her to believe that I was falling for her and out of love with you.  Can't you see that I had to deceive all of you in order to get to the place I am now?  Our only chance for success is to make Joan believe that I love her and not you."  
  Julie looked at me.  "You still love me Jon?" 
 She was watching my face, looking into my eyes, she would know if I was telling the truth or not in a moment.  I looked deep into her eyes, I took her hands in mine and spoke very slowly and calmly.
 "Julie, for better or worse, YOU are my love, You are my only love, You are who I want for the rest of our lives.  Julie, I cannot live without you anymore than you could live without me."
  I needed to find the one thing to say that would convince her; I searched my mind, thinking then finally it hit me.
  "Julie, do you remember when we got married?" 
   She frowned at me.
  "You know, the day of our wedding, right before our reception?" 
 She was still frowning, but I could see that she was trying to remember that day.
  "You said to me, don't ever give me up Jon.  You were scared and wound up from the stress of the wedding, and one of my old girl friends had shown up uninvited and talked to you.  You remember?" 
 Julie was looking at me with eyes filled with tears. I went on.
  "Do you remember what I told you then?  I told you that there was nothing in the world that could come between us.  I told you also if you remember, that you were born to be my wife, always and forever just as I was born to be your husband."
  Julie hugged me close and cried on my shoulder.  Joan had really fucked up Julie's mind.  She had to really think hard to remember things from her wedding day.
  "Jon, I remember that.  But is it true still?" 
 I was hugging her hard to me.
  "Yes, Yes!  Julie you have always been the only one for me."
 Julie hugged me and then broke away. 
 "What if I told you that I loved to get fucked by strange cocks Jon?  What is your love for me knowing that I want to be a slut?"
  "Julie, we need to get away, then later, when we have had some time to heal, we can talk about whatever your needs are, and if you still want to or need to, well, I guess we will cross that bridge together.  Right now we need to talk about getting away and setting Joan and friends up for their fall."
  We talked about my plan, and while Julie was unsure about it she finally admitted that it was either that or death.  She had been thinking about suicide and not living after my 'falling in love' with Joan.  She had kept it hidden pretty well from Joan, and she had been busy with clients.  She had also been making movies for Roger and friends too.
  "Jon, they have been setting up a 'special' movie for me and they want to film it pretty soon.  Roger told me that they expect it to be a big hit with particular clients of theirs and it sounds like its going to be one huge gangbang, with a big surprise and the end.  He told Joan that it would be filmed 'live' and in order as it occurs.  The other movies I was in were done like regular films, in that we shot certain scenes first then filled in the rest later." 
 I didn't like the sounds of that.  Julie felt that the big ending was going to be something she hadn't done before, and she couldn't figure out what it was, but Joan knew.
  Later that evening, Joan and I were in her bedroom fucking.  When we finished I started small talk with her.
  "Why do we keep my slut wife around here Joan?"
  Joan looked at me and had a slight smile. 
 "Jon, I want her to see me with you and I want her to see you being with me all of the time.  It is the way I am punishing her and she needs to be punished. Besides, she is going to be going away soon enough.  She is going to star in a 'special' movie for Roger, and after that movie comes out, well, she may be able to practice her trade in Mexico or some other third-world country.  Besides that, I am in the process selling my business to an European syndicate.  They will take her to Amsterdam or some other place and she will be servicing other clients for them over there. Look Jon, I have a video of Julie's last meeting.  See what a slut she really is now?  You certainly will be well to be rid of her."
  Joan put a video in the player, set the remote by me, and said that she had 'things to do'.  I watched that damned video because I knew that she would be watching me on her hidden cameras. 
  The movie started with Julie in a very, very short pair of cut-off jeans.  (The sides were up to the waistband, and the pockets had been cut out.)  A big white guy was showing her how to do a certain exercise on what looked like the weight-machine in our gym out back.  He had his hands all over her as he put her into the 'right' positions and eventually, she got turned on and they started to kiss each other.  Soon, they were undressing each other.  His cock, when Julie got it out of his shorts, was HUGE.  It was the biggest cock I had ever seen in my life, and I could see Julie licking her lips and she fondled it.  Her lips formed a nice tight circle and she slipped them over his cock.  She went down a ways and started to bob up and down on it.  Soon she was taking most of it into her mouth, and obviously into her throat, it was that long.  He had her sitting up at the end of the bench, and was holding her hair in a ponytail.  You could see her face plainly.  Her wedding rings were clearly visible as her hand wrapped around his cock at its base.
  Soon, he had her lay down, and her shaved pussy was shown close-up.   He went down on her and as he ate her, his hands forced her legs up and back until her knees were alongside of her head,  She was wide open as he licked her pussy and tongued deep inside of her.  I was feeling upset, but knew that I had to hide that it bothered me a lot.  I was afraid that if Joan saw me getting upset, that she would figure out I was faking everything.  I took my cock in hand a started to stroke myself, hoping that she would see that and think I considered this just a fuck flick. 
  In the movie, the big guy was now lining up that monster cock and soon was shoving it into Julie's pussy.  He still had her legs back and she was rubbing her nipples and clit.
  He leaned down to her head and whispered, "I have some friends coming over, do you want to have more cock?" 
 Julie looked up at him and said, "YES, I want MMMOOORRRREE."  As she said that he was shoving in all of the way.  "MMMMOOOOORRRREEEE. I WANT MORE COCK.  Fuck me you bastard.  I WANT IT ALL."  He was pounding away at her now.  She was moving around trying to get more of him into her pussy.
  In the background you could see other men coming in getting undressed.  These guys were your typical porn movie studs.  Some were black, most were white, and there were even a couple of oriental men.  The one thing in common with all of them was their huge cocks.  None of these guys had anything under ten inches it seemed like.  There was about nine of them a total.  Julie saw them about the time the first big guy started to cum.  He pulled out and pulled her up so that her face was in front of his cock.  He started to cum, shooting what seemed to be gallons of cum all over her face, into her mouth and down on her tits!  She was busy trying to catch it all on her tongue and in her mouth.  
  After he was done he stepped back and Julie got up.  Hands were all over her and they were roughly feeling her tits, pussy and ass. They lead her over to a flat workout bench and while one of them lay down on it they continued to fondle her.  As soon as the guy on the bench was ready, they picked her up and sat her on his very large hard cock.  She started to pump up and down on it while another guy lined up at her mouth for a blowjob.  Another man got behind her and soon he was pushing his cock into her pussy as well.  The camera was able to catch some of it and soon a position was held that clearly showed two cocks in her once virginally tight pussy.  Eventually the man on top pulled out of her pussy and pushed his cock into her ass.  She had three cocks in her, at least two and a half foot of cock, almost three feet.  She was having a continuous orgasm.  As soon as the guy in her mouth shot off another was pushing into it.  The same for her pussy and ass.  They had her in several positions, and the last part of the movie they were having her get on different machines and then finding all kinds of ways of fucking her on them.
  One scene that stuck in my mind was her laying on an inclined bench, her legs spread out and her butt up on the footrest.  Her pussy and ass were obscenely spread open, and since she had had such large cocks in both of her holes, they were open to where you could see right up in her.  She was sucking on a cock and as they started to each step up to her, the order became pretty steady.  One cock would fuck her pussy, then her ass, then that cock would move up to be cleaned up by her mouth.  When they would cum, they were shooting off into a pitcher.  At the end of the gangbang, they all watched her drink their cum out of this pitcher.  She savored it like it was the best wine in the world. As she was drinking her special order drink, some guy sat down in front of her and started to finger her pussy and ass.  Pretty soon his whole hand was stroking in her pussy.  As he was doing that another guy was pushing a small barbell into her ass. (The barbell was one of hose very small one pounders with plastic covering on it.) You could see that she was starting to get into this and soon she started to orgasm in probably the biggest orgasm I had ever seen her have.  Admittedly, it was a movie and how much was acting and how much was true to what she was doing was not known to me, but DAMN!  I couldn't believe that she would willingly do something like this, even now after all that had happened.
  The next morning, Joan left me alone and took Julie with her to see Roger.  I knew that I had to act fast because I didn't want Julie to be doing any more movies, especially for Roger.  I had a feeling that his next movie would be even sicker that what they had done to Julie so far.  I went for my morning 'run' that Joan knew I was doing everyday now.  She thought that I was in love with her by this point; I think she had a thing for me from sometime before I met her, but I wasn't sure.  Anyway, on my run, I phoned a friend that I knew I could trust implicitly, and since he was someone I had known for a very long time, I was sure he wouldn't sell me out.  He started to get the necessary things together and told me about how long till he was ready.  I went back to Joan's house, and started to get things ready there.  By the time Joan and Julie got back, several hours had passed.  Joan came into the bathroom where I was showering, and got in with me.
 "Jon, I have a great movie for you to see tonight.  Julie really went out of her way on this one.  You like to see Julie the slut being fucked every which way don't you Jon?"
  I said that I would rather be fucking her that watching some old whore fucking a bunch of men.  Joan smiled and hugged me tightly.  "Jon, do you like me at all?" 
   I knew this was some kind of test of hers, so I held her closely to me and hugged her hard.
  "Joan, I think that I am in love with you.  .You have shown me what a slut I had for a wife, and you have made me even more of a man.  Yeah, Joan, I love you for sure baby."
  If I hadn't have been looking at her eyes when I said that I might have missed the tears welling up in them.  She was being very emotional at this point.  I think that she fully believed that I did love her now.
  "Let's go out to dinner, shall we sweetie?  Just you and me Jon."
  "I'd go anywhere with you Joan."  I responded.
  We got dressed and went out to a great restaurant and had a nice meal.  Joan was very touchy-feely with me and I responded in kind, knowing I had to keep her convinced of my affections for her.
  When we got home she had Julie come into the living room with us.
  "Julie, Jon and I are going to watch your performance from this afternoon.  Why don't you sit down here, on the other side of Jon, and watch with us.  You can tell us the way you were feeling as these guys had their way with you.  She was just marvelous Jon.  She put on a performance that would have won an Oscar." 
       Julie looked very uncomfortable sitting next to me and I thought she was going to spill the beans for a minute or two, but she finally calmed herself down and smiled at us.
  "Joan, will I be able to try out Jon's new cock later tonight.  You did promise me that I would be able to before I had to go away." 
  Joan was looking at her and not smiling now. Then she looked at me.
  "Jon, do you want to let Julie try out your new addition?"
  What the hell had Julie done?  Was she trying to let Joan know of my true feelings or what?  I would never be able to fuck her in front of Joan now.  Christ!
  I looked over at Joan then said, "Well Joan, if you want me to I guess I could, I do not know for sure if I could get it up for such a slut or not, but I will try if you want."
  It must have been the right answer for Joan, because she smiled and then told Julie, "Well Julie, it appears that your 'husband' doesn't want to touch you anymore, not that I'd blame him.  You will have to just imagine how it would be honey, because Jon is mine now.  He won't e-v-e-r want y-o-u again, WHORE.  YOU couldn't keep you legs together during your first week on the job, and now you want your new and improved husband?  NOT A CHANCE BITCH."
  Her words were killing me.  I could see that they were killing Julie also.  I hoped that Julie would be able to hold up.  I had never wanted to kill anyone in my life, until now.  I wanted to kill Joan; I wanted her dead for hurting Julie.  I saw that Julie was totally crushed.  There was nothing I could do without giving it all away.  This was so hard. GOD!
  I held myself very still and tried to give Julie a look of encouragement that she would understand, but she didn't even look at me.  She had tears running down her face and she was as pale as a ghost.  Joan was smiling, thinking that she had won me over and made me hate Julie.  I think that even in spite of our talk of before that Julie believed her.  
  Well, we watched the movie that Joan had of Julie, and I saw my wife doing more things with men just like before.  She did that trick of two in her pussy and one in her ass, cleaning up all of them after 'chain-fucking all of her holes, and more fisting.  Julie was having continuous orgasms, and I don't think she was faking them.  After the movie, Joan went down on me and started to make love to me.  Not fuck, make love.  I could see the difference and it helped me to calm down inside.
  I knew that Joan thought and believed in her heart that I was hers and hers alone.  She was whispering words of love and using the word we quite a bit.  I let her lead the conversation, and carefully, using all of the emotion I could muster-up, fed her back the same kind of lies.  Joan was in love with the idea of having me for now, but I knew that had I been in love with her, eventually, she would have dumped me.  I knew that she had never been in love with anyone in her life, and she was desperately trying to fill an emptiness in her life by thinking she loved someone.  I was the unfortunate recipient of her 'love'.
  The next day, on my run, I called my buddy up and he told me everything was ready to go.  I set up the time for him to start his end and I went back and was able to let Julie know when to be ready.  Joan came in that afternoon and told me that her business had sold and they would be collecting Julie in the morning!  I was so glad that I hadn't waited one more day.  Joan said that some of her 'associates' were coming over for one more fling with Julie before she left.  That worked out with me.
  Joan had Julie wearing heels, stockings and a garter belt when they arrived.  Nothing else, just stockings, heels and a garter belt.  As they came in they were grabbing and pawing Julie.  One guy shoved three fingers in her ass and pumped them real hard in and out.  Julie moaned, and thrust herself back on those fingers just as hard as he rammed them in her.  Another guy (there were seven in all.) shoved a couple of fingers into her mouth and had her suck on them before he pushed them into her ass alongside of the guy that had his fingers there already.  Julie had five large fingers in her ass and managed to smile at these guys as they handled her.
  In a very short time, Julie was in her bedroom being fucked by four guys at a time, just like when I had first seen her in our very own bedroom, what seemed like a lifetime ago.  She was bouncing up and down on two cocks in her pussy until another guy, (ROGER) went up her ass.  The fourth guy had his cock in her mouth and was fucking it like her mouth was a pussy.  I was standing back watching and Joan came up to me.  
  "Come on Jon, I want you real bad baby."
  She grabbed my hand and led me to her room.  Once in there, she started to kiss me all over.  As she was moving around me she started to unbutton my shirt from top to bottom.  When she had that done she pulled it off of my body.  I wasn't wearing a tee shirt, so her lips immediately locked onto one of my nipples.  Her hands were busy undoing my jeans.  As they fell down to the floor, she followed them with her mouth, kissing all of the way down to me crotch.  She pulled my underwear down, and once they fell free, she started to lick and kiss my balls.  She soon was moving up to the head of my cock, and then she started to take it into her hot, wet, mouth.
  Her eyes were on mine the whole time.  I had to admit to myself that she was very sexy.  I had a raging erection, and wanted to use it on her in a real big way.  I couldn't help it.  She had me so hot with the way she would look up at me while sucking my cock into her throat, the feelings of her velvet mouth, the wetness, the heat, then to see her eyes watching me.  Pretty soon I was on the verge of cumming.  She backed off and tore off her clothes.
  "Come on Jon, fuck me like your one and only lover baby.  Jon, I need you to fuck me senseless.  I want your tongue in me sweetie."
  I moved up to the bed and climbed in between Joan's wide spread legs.  Her pussy was running a stream of juice.  I went down between her legs and started to lick her from her asshole up to her clit.  There, I would circle around it and tap it lightly with the tip of my tongue.  Then I would go back down to her asshole, where I would press the tip of my tongue against her bud.  She was writhing around and moaning. 
  "Fuck me, fuck me Jon."
  I kept tonguing her and started to feel her tits, pinching her nipples real hard.  She moaned more and more for me to fuck her, fuck her hard.  Her hands were pulling on my head, trying to get me to move up on her so that I could feed her my cock.  I kept pulling away and going back down on her pussy.  Soon, she was almost mad with lust. 
  "Jon, FUCK ME NOW, PLEASE.  Jon baby, I need your big, hard cock in me.  PLEASE!"
  I relented, and moved up her body, pausing to suck and lick on her nipples for a minute.  She was moving all around trying to get my cock positioned at her pussy.  I finally let the head of it go to the mouth of her pussy!  Once I was aligned up with her, I plunged in all of the way in one stroke.  I heard her breath catch.  Then her moan filled the room.  
  "Oh, Jon.  GOD that feels so-o-o good.  Give it to me sweetie.  I want all of it now, HARD.  HARDER!"
  She was cumming hard and was lost in an orgasmic state.  At that point, I heard someone coming in the door of the bedroom.  It was my buddy, and he was all prepared for the rest of our night's activities.
  When I got up, Joan looked confused for a minute when she saw my buddy with the shotgun in his hands.  I was getting dressed, while Joan looked stupidly at both of us.
  "What are you doing Jon?  Who the fuck are you?"  She said to my buddy.
 I stepped into my shoes, and then took the shotgun that he offered to me.  I saw that he had a large gym bag full of stuff, and knew he had probably over prepared, but that was ok by me.
  "Are you ready Jon?"  He was ready to go I could see.  "What do you want down with the bitch here?"
  He had the gun right on her head as he asked me that, and it was very hard for me to not tell him to pull the trigger.  I had other plans for that controlling bitch though. Joan, for her part, was being very quiet.  I tied her hands behind her back and used a pair of stockings to gag her mouth.
  "We are going to let Joan experience what Julie has experienced for the last couple of months, only we only have tonight to do it all in AL."
  Al looked at me and smiled.  He had a past that I knew had been rough, and I also knew that once he stood by your side in anything, it was forever.  I was glad that he was on my side in this.
  "Jon, how 'bout we give her a shotgun fuck up her ass?"  I stopped him from doing that and Joan looked relieved.  
  "Joan, you are in for a big surprise tonight bitch.  Paybacks are hell, and I have a huge payback for you."
  Her look of relief went away as I stepped back to Al. I motioned him to grab her and bring her along over to the next bedroom.  When we went through the door there, Julie was in the throes of a big orgasm and there were four guys in her at that time.  Al looked stunned at the scene before him.  I pushed Joan onto the bed and three of the guys, not involved in fucking Julie were herded there too.  Julie was dumped off of the guys fucking her as they tried to get free to do something, but we had control of the situation now.!  I pulled Julie away from them and shoved her outside the room.
  "Go get dressed Julie.  We have some business to take care of here."  Julie looked at me with a scared look, then left to get dressed.
  Joan looked worried for a minute.  I had one of her 'associates' untie her.  She was still naked and tried to cover herself with her hands.  I thought that was pretty funny, considering what she did for a living.  Imagine someone like Joan being shy about her body in front of men.  Someone who had probably had lots of innocent girls, or women led down her dirty little pathway to slavery and prostitution.
  "Well, it looks as though tables are turned for right now.  Joan, I am going to give you one chance to be the whore-slut you made my wife, and you had better be very convincing, because if you are not, it is going to be very messy in here tonight.  You see, I am going to free Julie and myself from you and your  'associates', or we are all going to die.  No amount of pleading or your psychological crap is going to change anything from this point on."
  Joan and her partners were looking afraid now.  Al stepped back to cover the whole room, even though they were all on the bed in front of me.  He was always on 'watch' for problems before they happened.
  "Joan, why don't you get your friends hard?"
  She looked at me like I was crazy.  I motioned with the shotgun and she moved over to the man closest to her and started to half-heartedly fondle his cock.  I motioned to another guy to get closer to her so that she could reach him too.
   "Joan, you have quite a few men to please here tonight, better use both hands, maybe your mouth, and whatever else you think of.  You are going to get totally fucked tonight and these guy's aren't going to be able to get it up anymore before you are through!"  "You see Joan, you have a new boss, and that boss is ME."
  Joan was just looking at me, stunned that her 'lover' had taken charge.  Then the men with her started to get her busy, mostly because of their fear of what we were going to do to them I think.  I motioned to them and she finally started to 'work' as directed.  As Joan sucked and fondled her two men, I took Roger with me into the hall.
 "I am thinking that a change of leadership has occurred here Roger, what do you think?"
  Roger replied with a venomous, "Yeah, maybe for right now, asshole."
  "Oh I expected so much better from you Roger, after all, you are in charge of your syndicate aren't you?  Does it really matter who is in charge and who is the whore for your 'business functions'?"
  "Well Jon, I trust Joan, and know she can, or could, deliver the goods.  You are new to this, and frankly, I don't think you will be able to pull it off.  Besides, at the risk of getting shot here, Julie is one hot babe, and the best whore I ever had around.  I don't think that Joan would ever get to third place compared to Julie."
  "Well, Julie isn't in this business as of right now.  I should just kill all of you bastards and walk away, but I would still feel like I owed someone something big time.  I think that you and your boys will play along with my game now, especially since I have Joan's papers and know who's who in your organization, Roger.  Besides, I want vengeance on Joan, not so much you.  She is the one who trapped and pushed Julie into this life and she is going to pay for that, like it or not."
  I could see that Roger was thinking about what I was saying.  I knew that I couldn't trust him or his friends at all, but I also knew that he was still a businessman and would probably back down for me on this change of leadership.  That's what I hoped anyway.  I directed him back into the bedroom, told my buddy to let him have some fun with Joan, and that I was going to talk to Julie.
  I found Julie sitting in the living room, in the dark.  She was crying, and hadn't gotten dressed.  I watched her for a few minutes, and then I went to her.
  "Julie, I need you the get dressed now.  We are going for a drive and it is going to be a pretty long one."  
  "Jon, just leave me here.  You won't want me anymore, and I have changed too much.  You will eventually think of me as a whore and a slut, who fucked and sucked every man around.  You won't be able to live with that or me."
  "Julie, you have been brainwashed by Joan and her little plotting.  She has been repeatedly drilling into you that you are just a slut, a whore, an easy piece of ass for any man." 
  I shushed her up with, "I know that the real Julie isn't that way.  The real Julie has love for only one man, her husband, and she won't be a slut or a whore for any other man, only him.  I am your husband Julie, and we have both been through a lot recently, you more so than me.  You need time to heal, and to think for yourself, and I think that you will come back to me. I never left you Julie.  Don't you see that I still love you, I just couldn't stop loving you on a whim or even on a turn of events like we have been through."
  "Jon, you are saying that now, but how about later, when everything changes again?  How can you ever forget what I have done, and how I have acted?  Jon, I still love you, possibly even more than before, but I can't change what I have done, what I have become.  You will not want me around after the dust has settled from this time in our lives."
  The conversation was going nowhere fast, so I walked Julie into her room and got her dressed.  She laid down on the bed and fell asleep, with her clothes on, and I went back to Joan's room to check on my friend.  He still had things well in control, and Joan was in the middle of a multiple cock gangbang.  I was enjoying seeing her getting the shit fucked out of her.  I wanted her to be totally worn out before we left.  She was well on the way to being a whore like Julie and Mary.  She was starting to get into it with all of those cocks at her disposal. She was constantly orgasming, and the men fucking her were giving her the full treatment.  So much for honor among thieves.
  I saw Joan's case with the inflatable automatic dildo in it.  I opened it up and discovered that she had two in it, side by side.  I had an evil thought at that time and decided to go ahead and do it.  The men fucking Joan had tired out by now and Joan was laying on the bed moaning to herself.  I stepped up and pulled her up onto her knees, doggie fashion.  I placed the first dildo into her pussy.  It went in easily, since she had been fucked so much by very large cocks for the last hour or so.  I placed the other one in her ass, pushing it way up in her.  I started them together, expanding and stroking.  I let them get to about four inches in diameter, (Just like she had done to Julie that first time.).  Roger watched them grow, and watched her start to move in time to the thrusting machines buried in her ass and pussy.
  "Stop." Roger was worried. "You are going to cause permanent damage going so far in one step."  
  "Joan did this just like this to my wife asshole."  I was pissed.  "The bitch can dish it out but not take it, huh?"
  "She only did it to Julie after several steps, not all at once."  He was genuinely worried.  I was surprised.
  He went on, "You can do what you want right now, but don't hurt her please."
  I was wondering if Roger had a thing for her or what the deal was. 
"Why do you care how she feels Roger?  Isn't she just a Madame or something like that to you?"
  "Look, I, uh, well, I like her a lot.  I don't care to see people I like and do business with getting hurt."
  I laughed.  "Are you serious?  I thought you were the big mafia man.  What, do you have feelings for the bitch?  This wife-taking, slut making, life ruining whore?"
  I was surprised by his admission, and I think he had a thing for Joan.  I decided to use this against him and Joan, just like she had used Julie and me.
  I stopped the dildos from growing, but left them stroking in her.  She was having constant orgasms and was thrashing around on the bed.  All of the men were just watching quietly, half afraid of what I was going to do with them next, and half mesmerized by the sight of Joan being fucked by two dildos so thoroughly.   
  My buddy Al was getting antsy, so we tied up all of the men very thoroughly.  He told me he was getting the van into the garage and would be back in a minute.  Left alone with Joan and the captive 'associates', I removed the dildos from Joan and tied her to the bed, spread eagled.  Roger started to talk to me while I was tying her up.
  "Jon, why don't you join us?  I can make a position for you, and I will see that you are protected.  You could make a quite a bit of money.  Just let me go here and we can work something out."
  He sounded like he meant every word he spoke, but come on.  I knew that the minute he was free I was as good as dead.  I had to think of some way to buy time and keep him from coming after us in the future.
  I went to check on Julie, she was still asleep.  I could see Roger on the monitor in Joan's room; he was struggling with his bonds, trying to get loose.  I went back into the room and grabbed Roger.  Al came in right then and helped me get Roger on the floor.  We retied him, spread eagled.
  I took Al aside and we had a discussion on what to do about the men in the room.  He came up with a winner of an idea, one that would perhaps save some other women or girls in the future.  We re tied all of the men spread-eagled.  They were tied very tightly, so there was no way they could get loose.  Al produced a very wicked looking blade.  It was extremely sharp.  He had done something like this before that was obvious.    He had me go to the kitchen and get a bunch of spoons.  When I got back, he had a small propane torch running, it's bright blue flame innocently burning.  
  "Jon, when I get done with my surgery, you need to take one of those spoons, heat it up, and apply it to the wound.  It needs to be cauterized, so they don't bleed to death."
  I nodded and set up all of the spoons in the flame.  When the first one was red hot, Al started the surgery.  I was sickened for a minute until he reminded me why we were doing this.  The smell of burning flesh soon invaded the room, and the men would scream.  Al did his job very thoroughly.  When we were done, all of the men there were castrated.  I really hadn't thought this through very much, and if I had I might have prevented this from happening.  As it was, well, Al did the one thing that in the future would keep them from going after us.  Roger and his friends, unknown to us at that time, would be going to great lengths to keep the 'operations' performed that night a secret. 
  We grabbed Joan, her books, some tapes, and Julie and went over to Mary's place.  We went in and grabbed her in her bedroom.  She had been sound asleep.  When she came to she was tied up and next to a naked, cum-soaked Joan.  I could see that she was having a hard time understanding what was going on, but I didn't really want to say anything to her at that time.  She was part of the reason that Julie had been trapped into this hell, and I wasn't going to be very forgiving to her for her part in ruining our lives.
  We drove to our safe house.  Al had picked it out, and it was the last place they would ever look for us.  When we got there, Al broke in and woke up my 'friend' Joe.  He was tied up and still wondering what was going on when I came into the room.
  "Jon.  You got away.  Oh shit.  Don't hurt me Jon.  I was forced to rat you guys out.  Joan knew that you would come to me and she made me turn dime on you."
  I was not feeling very nice and at his words, I lost it.  I hit him in the mouth with the butt of my shotgun.
  "Shut the fuck up dickhead.  You are going to pay for being our Judas, prick.  You had my wife, and because of you so did a lot of other men.  I should just blow your head off right now, but the noise might wake up the neighbors.  Just shut the fuck up and be still, maggot."
  I wanted to kill the bastard.  I was so pissed at him for his betrayal.  Al looked at me, then back at him.  He had a smile on his face that didn't look very friendly.
  "Hey Jon, I don't think that the neighbors would hear anything.  This house is one of those five-star energy rated homes I read about.  Thick insulation, triple glass windows, special siding, hell, I think an 'A' bomb would go unnoticed in here."
  He was enjoying himself, and I think that he had no feelings for taking a life.  That was the one thing that had always made me nervous around him.  I knew that he had been in some very rough situations, and he had gotten through them.  He never would tell anyone how, but some of stories left you knowing that something real bad had happened to his opposition. 
  Joe was crying and very, very afraid.  Well he should have been.  I was about ready to go ahead and cap his ass, and Al had me just about talked into it.  Then Julie came into the room.  
"Jon, DON'T.  You can't kill him.  Jon, please, if you have any feeling for me at all, don't kill him."
  I was torn, on the one hand I wanted to kill the S.O.B., on the other, I knew that if I did it would open up a whole different can of worms.  I finally backed off and just gagged him.  I didn't want to hear his bullshit at all.  Al seemed a little bit disappointed in me, but I think he knew that I wouldn't have killed him.  Al, on the other hand, well, suffice it to say that Joe was extremely lucky that I hadn't let Al deal with him.
  Al went out to the van and got his 'kit'.  Later, I sat down with Julie and we talked about what we were going to do with Mary.  Julie wanted to just let her go.  I on the other hand knew better than that. Al stepped into the conversation at this point.
  "Let me have her Jon.  I'll take care of her."
  I looked at Al, not realizing what he meant.  
"Al, I don't want her hurt or killed, after all she is my wife's sister."
  
Al gave me a look of long suffering. He was upset with me, evidently believing he was willing to kill her.
  "Jon, I won't hurt her, I just want her, for a while, and afterwards, if she wants, I will let her go.  I'll make sure that she is busy for at least a month, then, well what every happens, happens."
  Mary was looking at Al with fear in her eyes.  Julie was watching me.  Al was just calmly looking around the room, first at Mary, then Julie finally at me.  I knew that if I left Mary with him that he would probably have quite a bit of fun with her, sexually, that is.  I didn't know what to do, when Mary spoke.
  "Uh, Jon, uh, I don't know what you had planned for me, but All told me what happened to Roger and his friends.  I don't want to hurt anyone, and I am sorry for getting you involved in the business Julie.  Maybe, well, Al doesn't look so bad, and I don't think that he would hurt me, so, well, I'll go with him.  I'll be very good and, well, I guess in a month, if I haven't been 'good' Al will talk to you before doing anything drastic."
  I could see in Julie's eyes that she didn't like this plan, but I could see no other way of securing this situation. 
  "Al, you take care of Mary, in a month, if you need to, get a hold of me and we will make new plans then."  Julie was disagreeing and shaking her head.
  "You can't let him take her Jon.  He won't be nice to her, and I am afraid that he will harm her."
  AL looked very offended.
  "I won't hurt her Julie.  I know that I am rough looking and I have done some very bad things in the past, but my word is always rock-solid.  I give my word that Mary will not be hurt, if she complies with my wishes, and in one month we will meet again, and you will be able to ask Mary how she feels.  My word that is all I can give you Julie, Jon, my word."
  I was willing to accept his word, since I knew that he would die before going against his word to a friend.  I just hoped that I was that friend. After some long hard thought, Julie finally agreed, though she had reservations.  Now what to do with Joan.  That my friends, is a whole different story. 


  Please let me know how I am doing.  I have heard many different things so far, bad to good, mostly good.  What started out as a short story has evolved into almost a novel.  Not my original intent, however, it has been fun writing it so far.  I have at least one more chapter planned, and after that, well, maybe I can keep it down to short stories. ;)
    


