Cindy In The Morning

I can't get it out of my mind.  The scene from early this morning.  
Cindy asked me to spend the night, and of course I accepted.  Instead 
of a relaxing evening as we anticipated, we spent a lot of the 
evening dealing with other things - a phone call from her mom, light 
bulbs that suddenly burned out, and a frustrating trip to the grocery 
store to get some things that she thought she had.  When bedtime 
came, we were both too tired and frazzled to have a good sexual romp, 
so we just went to sleep.

I awoke early in the morning, as the first hint of light came to the 
sky.  Cindy was asleep, lying on her back.  I pulled the covers down 
and gently placed my hand on her belly.  She stirred a little, and 
parted her legs.  I slowly moved my hand downward, over her pubic 
hair.  Gently, I inserted a finger partway into her vagina.  Her 
breathing picked up.  She was moist.  I slid my finger in as far as 
it would go, imagining that my now-erect cock was inside her, feeling 
her smooth and firm vaginal muscles.

Cindy's eyes were still closed.  I withdrew my finger from her pussy 
and gently wiped her sweet nectar on her pubic bush.  Then I got 
between her legs and placed the tip of my cock on her vaginal entry.  
A little push, and Cindy's mouth opened and she arched her back 
slightly as I went in.  The warmth of her insides carressed my aching 
cock.  Then I entered her completely.

I lay on top of her, and she brought her legs together.  Her eyes 
were still closed, and my face was inches from hers.  I wanted to 
press my mouth on her firm and full lips, but I dare not, as I wanted 
to keep the mood.

She placed her arms above her head.  Her disheveled wavy brown hair 
made her look all the more enticing.  The scent that escaped from her 
underarms was intoxicatingly arousing.  I caught more of that scent 
when I lightly breathed on her nipples.  She opened her mouth and 
whispered, "Ahhhhhh!"

Cindy's nipples are erogenous to her.  Under the right conditions she 
can climax just from her nipples being stimulated.  While breathing 
her sensuous body scent I nibbled on her now-erect nipples, and 
watched her squirm.  My cock swelled up even more as I slowly plowed 
in and out.  Cindy's breathing deepened.  Her eyes still closed, she 
clenched her fists.  I wanted desperately to hang on until she had 
her orgasm before spurting inside her.  The feeling of being inside 
threatened to send me across the line before her climax.

Her aroused whispers became vocal.  Her hips and legs stirred under 
me.  She arched her back, turned her head to one side, and opened her 
mouth wide.

"Ahhhhh!  Ahhhhh!  Ahhhhh!" she shouted.

Hang on just a little longer, I told myself.

As soon as her climax began to subside I felt the first jet of semen 
eject into her.  I collapsed on top of her, held on tightly, and let 
nature take its course.  My erection throbbed and pulsed inside her; 
her vaginal innards seemed to welcome every spurt, and she 
contentedly sighed as I filled her up.

Cindy never once opened her eyes during the entire episode.  After my 
ejaculatory paroxysms subsided, she opened her eyes, her full lips 
parted snd her wide mouth formed a brilliant smile.

I love those times with Cindy in the morning.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
