TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c MARCH 1, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(MM+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, 
AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE 
DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE 
TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR 
BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE 
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE.

Note of Thanks: To FEC for his editorial proofing and 
helpful enhancing comments.

STORY TITLE: FLY ON THE WALL 
AUTHOR:  C.D.E.

PREFACE:

	Have you ever heard the expression "I'd like to be a 
fly on the wall"?  Well the  series of story vignettes 
below are just that, observations of a fly on the wall, as 
it makes its sojourn from house to house.  Just imagine the 
tid bits of intimate and interesting things you might hear 
if it was easy to be an unobtrusive silent party to the 
going ons in the houses in your neighborhood.  However, 
things may not be as interesting in your neighborhood as 
the events observed by our winged spy below.  Lets listen 
in as it makes its way into the first of several abodes.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
HOUSE #1 

	"You think he would be willing to let me have some 
now, er, without a condom?  It's been over two years.  I-
I've learned my lesson."  The man said to the woman sitting 
across from him. "O-Of course, it would only be after he's 
finished with you . Or-Or his buddies too, I-if it was a-a 
group night or something."  He added seeing she was slow to 
respond.
	"Has it been that long? You're right.  Frankie Jean is 
15 months old.  That's right, you had to use rubbers even 
when I was pregnant with her didn't you?"
	The man looked sheepish and nodded his head to 
acknowledge her.
	"Y-You think he might let me?" The man asked again.
	"I don't know.  You'll just have to ask and see."
"I-I was wondering if-if you could put in a good word 
for..."
	"Now honey, you know I've told you before you had to 
work all those things out with him. You're my husband, but 
after all, he's the real man in my life and the father of 
our kids.  I have to respect him when he tells me that he 
doesn't want me butting in between you and him."
	"I-I guess you're right  Gail.  I-I'll just have to 
ask him myself like you said." Her sheepish husband 
lamented.
	"He really punished me good this time.  Six months of 
total sex denial by you, except to lick you out after he or 
his buddies were through using you.  I-I got so tired of 
jacking off after seeing you and  him or his friends sexing 
it up. Then just as my six months was up, you got pregnant 
and he only would let you give me some once a month, but 
only if I wore a condom.  And I think the only reason he 
agreed to that was you suggesting I get a second job and 
have my paycheck sent to his bank account."
	"If you remember honey, I think what swayed him was 
you agreeing to work as a janitor cleaning toilets.  Am I 
right?  He really was suspicious of your sincerity.  So was 
I.  The idea of you kneeling in front and cleaning toilet 
bowls  showed him that you're prepared to be subservient." 
Once he found his tongue again her husband continued. 
"Well I-I hope by now he knows, and you too, I've really 
learned my lesson and that I'm really sincere.  I-I know 
when you had Frank Junior, I should've realized my place 
then, but certainly with Frankie Jean, he should see I 
really know my place in the order of things.  You know with 
you having his  two kids and all and them calling me Daddy.  
All the neighbors know that I've been taught a lesson when 
we go out  walking with two tan skin kids that look just 
like him."
	"You're a good Daddy to them too.  He recognizes that 
too honey.  You should use that as justification too when 
you beg him to let me give you some."
	"Oh thank you dear.  That's a good idea.  Also, I 
guess I could remind him of the special gifts I bought him 
with those part time third jobs I got during the Holidays."
	"Yes that's right.  He really adored that gold chain 
you worked so hard to buy him for his birthday. You should 
mention that too."
	"Thanks!  I will.  I sure hope he'll let me have it 
bare skin. I'm so tired of that latex feeling."
	"Honey I just had an idea."  His wife blurted out.
	"Yeah, what is it?"  George said curtly as he  busily 
wrote down the things he'd accomplished for Frank, his 
wife's black lover and family stud.
	"Darling, if you really want to make a hit with Frank, 
why don't you consider asking him if you could suck his 
dick.  I think that would go over quite well."  Gail said 
beaming at her idea.
	"W-What!
	"It would express your contrition in a well meaning 
and firm manner, as well as show you hold him in high 
esteem."
"B-But dear, it - it would be so humiliating a-and 
degrad..."
	"You're worried about your silly pride aren't you 
honey?  You think it's shameful for you to suck a dick 
don't you?"
	"Well yes!  Men j-just don't do that to each other.  
U-Unless they're gay."
	"I know you're not gay as well as him.  You like pussy 
don't you?"
	"Well yes.  What does that have to do with ..."
	"Gay men don't care for pussy.  So therefore as long 
as you like my pussy whether you eat it or fuck it, we all 
know you're not gay, so you can suck dick without the least 
bit worry of us thinking you're that way."
	"W-What!  Do y-you mean, er, oh, forget it."  Her 
husband said flustered trying to reason out his wife's 
logic. "I-I know you care quite a bit for him, b-but I-I 
don't know if-if I can do..."
	"Never say what you can't do darling.  Think on the 
idea before you write it off as a possible solution."
	"O-Okay dear.  I won't.  But I just hate to be thought 
of-of as a-a cocksucker.  It-it just sounds so degrading."
	"DING DONG!"  The door bell rang.  "That must be your 
mom.  She promised to watch the kids while Frank and I went 
shopping and while you're at work this evening."
	"Hi Gail dear.  Hi son."
	They both greeted George's mother warmly.  Soon after, 
his wife left for her shopping date with Frank.  Before she 
did, she told his mother of his idea to get on her lover's 
better side.
	"Son,  I really think Gail has got the right idea.  
Sucking Frank's big dick would help to alleviate the 
tension between you two."
	"M-Mother!  You'd a-agree for me to become a 
cocksucker?"
	"Yes .  After all, it's not like Frank is a stranger 
or something.  And besides, it's for the good of your 
marriage and to show him just how much you respect him as a 
man.  Remember dear, he is a far better man than you'll 
ever be in the bedroom."
	"I-I know that by now, b-but I-I just hate being t-
thought of as a-a cocksucker.  That word just makes me 
cringe."
	"Well son, one thing in your favor is that you already 
know what his cum taste like, that is since you've eaten so 
much of it out of Gail's pussy.  So it's not the gooey 
slimy taste that's troubling you?"
	"Uh. It-it's just the thought of b-being known as a 
cocksucker."
"Well, hummmm.  What can we do here.  We need to do 
something."
	"Why?"
	"Well son.  If you must know.  Frank confided in me 
sometime ago that he thought that you sucking his dick 
occasionally, would help y'all get along better."
	"He-he did.  W-why that son-of -a..."
	"Watch your mouth.  I will not have you using that 
sort of language around me, and especially about Frank.  
Now apologize this instance!"
	"I-I'm sorry mother.  Please forgive me."
	"That's better.  I happen to agree with him.  I think 
him shooting some loads of his hot jism down your throat a 
few times a month would help you better remember your place 
and help you feel better about being in it too."
	"Y-You do? ."
	"Yes.  And also, there is a way to give him head 
without actually sucking his cock."
	"H-How?"
	"Just open up and engulf his shaft with your lips and 
then you can move your mouth back and forth sliding your 
licks over his shaft or let him do the same thing by 
humping your face.  It's very easy, and that way you won't 
have to worry about being considered sucking on him.  
I suggest you try doing it that way until you feel more 
confident about sucking and getting over your silly phobia 
of being considered a cocksucker."
	"W-Well I never..."
	"Kill that pesky fly!  I tried to swat him earlier and 
missed!" His mother shouted.
	Our winged multi-legged spy noted being detected and 
narrowly escaped destruction as it flew evasively to avoid 
being squashed and managed to escaped as one of the 
children opened a door to come in.
	Our friendly fly flew around for a while until it was 
able to secure entrance into another neighboring home.  
Lets listen in to what the fly is hearing at this second 
house.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
HOUSE #2

	"Van you have to admit they are a handsome couple. And 
I bet they would make us some pretty grand kids.  Don't you 
think so Margie?"
	"I sure do.  I'm sorry son, but mine and your father's 
families just don't seem to have beauty genes.  Dear since 
you've accepted as much as you have, I really don't see why 
you can't yield a bit more and condone him being the father 
of all you and Valerie's children."
	"I-I can't believe y-y'all are saying this.  J-Just 
because of one accident and now the other two kids we 
wanted have to be t-theirs too?"
	"We understand how you feel sweetie."  His mom said as 
she stood and hugged her red faced son.  "But  you know you 
have a weak bargaining position.  She loves you.  But if 
you show any lack of love and devotion, what would you do 
if she decided to leave you?"
	"L-Leave, uh, I-I, s-she w-wouldn't.  I-I mean, er, ."
	"You never thought of that did you sweetie?  But it's 
quite possible."
	"Your mother's correct.  You see my daughter does have 
a special love for you, but she also have a special love 
for Earl too.  And that love is even stronger now that they 
have a baby together." Spoke the other lady in the room.
	"No dear, your best bet is to be conciliatory  and 
supportive."
	"Here she comes now Van. She's pulling in the driveway 
as we talk. Why don't y'all go in the back and talk when 
she comes in."
	Apparently the woman entering the house was the man's 
wife.  Soon as she entered they all exchanged greetings as 
she handed the baby she was carrying to the apparent 
beaming grannies. She then gave her less than cheerful 
husband a peck on the cheek.
	They did go to a back bedroom to discuss their problem 
of his wife wanting to have another baby from her lover, 
who apparently started out being just a sex buddy.
	"Van sweetheart, I know how tough it is, but you know 
how I want to feel when I'm trying to get pregnant.  You 
know you just can't do that for me."
	"I-I know Valerie.  I-I know Earl is-is much better t-
than me at p-pleasing you... a-and now that the baby has 
come along, I-I just don't know what use y-you have for me. 
I-I..."
	"Oh stop talking silly honey.  You know I love you.  
There's no reason why we still can't be happy and in love 
as ever before. Of course, you'll have to adjust your 
attitude somewhat, just as you did when you went along with 
me having the baby, even though it was an accident between 
Earl and I."
	"I-I know.  B-But now, it-it's even worse.  He's made 
me the laughing stock of the neighborhood already.  He 
didn't know I was in the hardware store the other day.  He 
was just bragging how much little Earl looked like him.  
Everyone knows he's the father.  Even my own mother doesn't 
even try to hide it .  A-And I couldn't believe she went 
along with y'all wanting to name him Earl Jr.  Valerie, 
it's tough enough facing everyone with just one of his 
kids.  B-But with all of them his,  I-I'll be nothing more 
than the cuckold wimp of the town."
	"Darling, you're being overly dramatic.  Of course 
it's natural for a new father to brag about his baby.  You 
can't blame him for that. And as far as what the town folks 
say, just ignore them.  The love you and I have is none of 
their business."
	Van and his wife talked for another  hour.  Their moms 
even brought the couple coffee after they'd been back there 
so long.  They left the young couple to work out their 
differences.
	Seeing that his wife had more resolve to only have 
Earl as the family sire, Van capitulated, basically 
expressing in so many words  that he had no choice expect 
to accept things on his new wife's terms to keep her happy 
and him in her life.
	"Thanks so much darling.  I just know the three of us 
and the kids will be so happy and in love.  Let me call 
Earl and tell him about you agreeing."  His wife said as 
she kissed him once more before reaching over to the phone 
and dialing.
	"Hello! Earl darling . I'm okay ... Yes ... Yes ... 
He's right here.  We just came to an agreement.  He has 
accepted us having more children... No you won't have to 
pay any child support since they'll be our children... Of 
course you'll have visitation rights, for them as well as 
me... ... any time you want day or night, my body is 
available to you anytime ... Oh, I see.  Let me ask him or 
do you want to talk to him?"
	Van shook his head signaling to his wife that he 
didn't want to talk to his wife's black lover and stud.
	"He just left the room Earl.  I'll go ask him.  I'll 
be right back."
	She carefully placed the phone receiver under a pillow 
on the bed as she talked to her husband.
	"W-what!  T-The nerve of him."  Her husband replied 
with an incredulous look on his face.  They talked a few 
moments before his wife seem to bring the steam out of her 
husband when she reminded him of something.
	"Honey, I don't want to sound mean, but if you recall, 
you've only had sex with me twice after  our honeymoon, in 
which his jism hasn't been in my pussy or on my breath.  
This will just make it permanent.   Please, don't mess 
things up over such a small trifle. Plus, you know I'm very 
fond of you sucking his heavy loads out of my cunt.  You 
know what pleasure that gives me.  You want to deprive me 
of that?"
	Van signaled agreement to his wife's wishes.  It 
showed that he felt even more defeated in his attempt to 
retain some manly pride, but even that was all gone now in 
order to stay with the woman he loved.
	"Earl honey, he's agreed.  He can't have me unless you  
have me first, and he will always suck my pussy afterwards.  
And, if I'm not to tired, he can have some later.  Van 
honey, see that fly over there on the wall swat it for me."
	Sensing danger of being splattered, our winged 
eavesdropper took flight and barely managed to escape into 
the kitchen and out an open door.  Our intelligent fly 
friend got carried by the wind to another neighborhood and 
managed to slip into an open garage door and into a 
nook of an interior room of house number three.  He settled 
down after his hasty journey to survey and hear what he 
could.  Lets listen in also.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&

House # 3

	"This is the last straw mother.  I just can't see 
wearing baby doll  pajamas for him.  I-I've got to draw the 
line somewhere."
	I understand your feelings Stanley, but don't you 
think it's better you check your pride and do what's right 
for your marriage and family?"
	"Family!  That's a joke.  Our  three kids are all his.  
My wife can't seem to go a day without mentioning his name 
to me or reminding me that he's the father of our kids in 
one way or another.  It-it just hurts so much mom to have 
been in the back ground for eight years."
	"You may have been in the background, but it was for 
the good of your marriage.  That's the important thing."
	"I-I guess you're right, but it just seems that I've 
gone so far in trying to please her and him.  When she 
insisted on having sex with him first on our wedding night, 
I gave in.  Later when she insisted on me sucking their 
love juices up after they screwed, I gave in, hoping 
that it would be the last straw in keeping and pleasing 
her, but no, she wanted more from me.  I gave in when she 
got pregnant with his first child.  I gave in also with the 
second.  After you three all brow beat me, I wore rubbers 
so our next child would look like the first two, since she 
wanted to only get pregnant from him."
	"It just made sense dear."
	"I know that's what you kept telling me mother. And 
doing the first child, y'all talked me into being his 
cocksucker, which continued after the baby came.  It wasn't 
a temporary situation as I thought it was going to be."
	"He enjoyed it so much, I thought he was right to 
demand you continue to be there for him also."
	"And then if that wasn't enough, doing her second 
pregnancy, I got coerced into letting him screw me up my 
ass.  I-I just don't know how I sank so low.  I really 
can't believe I kept on letting him do that to me after she 
delivered their second child."
	"You know it wasn't all that bad.  Remember you 
telling me how relaxed you were after each time he used 
you?  And by the way, in the eyes of the law, the children 
are yours, irrespective of him being the biological 
father."
	"Okay - okay. You're legally right.  He reminds me of 
that too. But I still say, now that she's pregnant for the 
third time, his demand that I dress up as a transvestite 
and come to his bed as a woman is-is just too much."
	"Now, now, I think you'll look so much prettier all 
dressed in a nice lavender and pink lacy sheer baby doll 
with bright pink make up and black mascara.  I could do 
wonders with your hair for the occasion, maybe even have 
you wear some fancy bridal lingerie instead of the baby 
doll."  His mom mused with her hand on her chin.
	The smell of food overtook our fly friend's desire to 
stay any longer, so it simply made its way toward the 
kitchen.  After a brief forage, it flew out through a door 
ajar.
	Again after floating on the breeze our insect spy 
found another location to observe the household activities 
of another abode.  This is the story of House #4.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Copyright c MARCH 1, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved.


HOUSE #4

	"Mother Henson, t-they filled her with so much of 
their stuff."
	"You mean their cum?"
	"Y-Yes t-that's right.  T-hey made me watch each time 
they took her. And a-after each one w-was through, I-I was 
forced to lap her clean."
	"She said you really did a good job too Dan. She 
really boasted of how well you sucked.  You did the best 
you could under the circumstances.  You have nothing to be 
ashamed of."
	`But I-I can't believe she doesn't want to file 
charges against them now.  I  know she doesn't want to hurt 
them, b-but it just seems..."
	"She admits she did tease them a bit before y'all went 
to your suite.  And you have to give them credit, they did 
give you chance to get some before they came in to get 
theirs."
	"I-I can't help if-if she was just so-so beautiful and 
the way s-she handled me, I-I just couldn't hold back 
before I-I got in her."
	"Pre-mature ejaculations happen Dan."
	"I-I know.  I-I was so mad, cause it takes me so long 
to b-be ready again."
	"Like a couple of days or a week right?'
	"N-Not all the time, b-but s-sometimes it does."
	"But Mother Henson, is it-it right for her to be 
inviting them over for sex just because s-she liked what 
they did to her on our wedding night.?  It's just so 
unfair.  I-I think divorce or-or maybe annulment is..."
"You'll do such thing!  Just because she is getting 
the pleasure she needs is no reason for you to go off 
halfcocked and become irrational."
"A-And to add insult to injury, s-she wants me to-to 
still suck her c-cunt after they've used her.  I-I just see 
that as being too unreasonable."
"Not even if you're good at it?  You've done it on 
several occasions already, why not continue?  She loves 
having your head between her legs after they have made her 
all juicy and gooey.  She really gets off good with your 
tongue on her bruised puffy twat."
"It - It does become inflamed from their b-big things  
a-and they shoot so-so much jism. A-And t-their stuff is s-
so s-slimy too."
"Didn't one or two of the fellows have you suck on 
their big dicks on your wedding night?"
"Oh, I wish she hadn't told you about that.  Y-Yes. It 
was Rufus a-and Leroy.  T-They made me lick them c-clean."
"Have they wanted you to do it again?"
"I-I don't want to t-talk about it anymore if you 
don't mind.  T-This whole thing  is j-just to much for me 
to handle easily."
"I understand Dan, but the best therapy is to talk 
about it.  I'm family now, so there's no reason for you to 
be ashamed of being open with me.  You see, Donna and I saw 
Leroy the other day at the Supermarket where he works and 
we got to talking.  He told us how you filled in for Donna 
one day when he came by and she wasn't home."
"H-He did?  W-What did he..."
"He told us how well you blew him.  Of course he did 
say, you became irate the first time he asked you to do 
him, but after he pretended he was going to take Donna from 
you, you came around and did your duty.  He assured us that 
you must really love her to do that for her.  In fact he 
said both he and Leroy have both had you swinging on 
their dicks several times over the past month.  Is that 
true?"
"O-Oh mother Henson.  I-I could die.  T-They both 
promised ...Sob!  T-they weren't going to tell ... Sob! ... 
anybody.  I-I... Sob!"
"Now, now Dan, there is no reason to cry.  Donna and I 
think you did such a sweet thing.  We both think you should 
continue.  We told your mom and she too thinks that was a 
wonderful thing.  She's also delighted that Donna likes you 
sucking her pussy clean too.  She was worried you couldn't  
keep a woman happy, but she said she'd plan to talk to you 
about all of this too.  She and Donna said they thought by 
me talking to you first, it would help you better warm up 
to your role as a loving devoted and faithful cuckold."
The two talked some more before the lady, apparently 
the man's mother-in-law left.  About an hour later another 
woman entered and the following conversation ensued.
	"Y-Yes mother.  I-I have gotten u-use to the taste of 
their cum."
	"That's good son.  And I'm glad you've gotten over 
being ashamed of having other men sleep with your new 
bride.  After all, we both know they can give her what you 
can't."
	"Y-yes ma'am.  I-I understand.  It's been seven months 
now, b-but I've adapted."
	"And now that y'all are planning to start a  family, 
I'm pleased you're doing your part so well."
	"I-I was upset at first, b-but I could see that she 
wanted to get started as soon as she stopped with the 
pill."
	"So you're already using condoms then?"
	"Y-yes ma'am, I-I started last weekend."
	"Lets see, with it taking about two months for the 
pill to lose it's effect.  I say, hummmm, she'll be 
pregnant in about three months knowing how virile Leroy and 
Rufus are.  Maybe sooner than that."
	"T-That's what she says too."
	"She told me they bought you a gift or something.  She 
didn't get a chance to say what it was."
	"It-It was a gross of condoms."
	"How thoughtful.  That'll help you save money for the 
baby."
	"I-I guess so.  B-but with her being so tired when 
they're through with her, and after I-I suck her out and 
she gets off, she just doesn't seem to have time for me to 
put it in a lot of times, so I-I just jerk off, l-like you 
told me I should rather t-than getting up-upset with her."
	"It works out better doesn't it?"
	"I-I guess so."
	"Of course it does.  You do get some of her pussy, 
that is you eat it.  At the same time, you please her like 
a good husband should, and then you please yourself.  Plus, 
I bet her pussy is so stretched from their big cocks, you  
probably get more enjoyment  from jacking off."
	Her son just blushed and looked sheepish.
	"So you see, being a cuckold isn't all that bad is 
it?"
	"I-I've accepted it and adapted to what she a-and 
y'all expect of me.  I've finally gotten use to Rufus and 
Leroy and their friends coming over all times of the day 
and night. It has made it easier on me rather than always 
having to get up and open the door for them all the time, I 
just gave them keys as Donna suggested."
"That was a good idea, after all you do have to get 
your sleep since you do have to go to work early. By the 
way, Rufus really boasted about your fried chicken.  He 
says you cook for him every Friday night now."
	"Y-Yes.  It-it's almost like a regular event now."
	"You feed him, and I understand he feeds you 
afterward."
	"H-he likes to watch Friday night TV w-with me on the 
floor between his legs giving him head. It-it maybe hard to 
believe, but he keeps his penis in my mouth over three 
hours.  He always shoots at least four loads and seems to 
stay hard the whole time until his last come."
	"See why sucking dicks is so important for you? If you 
hadn't tried it first hand you wouldn't have a first hand 
knowledge of his and the other black men's sexual prowess."
	Her subjugated son just simply nodded in agreement.  
He went on to also tell her of another of Rufus's friend 
named Jeff, who keeps him busy on Saturday night doing the 
same thing.
	"That's wonderful.  That keeps you from being bored 
while Donna is out with the fellows... and out of trouble 
too.  We never want to hear of you being unfaithful with 
another woman.  However, helping her take care of her men 
friends is okay.  It's really great that y'all are bonding 
so well."
	Instinctively fearing detection, our multi-eyed and 
multi-legged insect agent took flight, and after some 
wandering around the interior of the house, managed to 
escape back to the great outdoors and into one more house 
where there was the smell of food.  However, he again came 
across some conversation of note.  Lets listen in too.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&

HOUSE#5

	"I-I can't believe they said that to you."
	"They did honey.  They just feel you didn't seem 
sincere.  It's like you were doing it to get it over with.  
They still think you're prejudice and a bigot."
	"W-What?  A-After a-all I-I've done?"
	The woman nodded.
	"The mere fact I-I sucked their b-big cocks s-
should've indicated I wasn't, not to mention standby while 
they date and sex you all the time. Not to mention I-I 
always suck you out after they're through.  I-I didn't want 
them to know that, b-but y-you told them about it.  I-I 
just..."
	"Darling they think you're just using them to do for 
me what you can't.  And as far as you sucking my pussy out, 
they just say you're doing what you like doing. Which I too 
think is true, but no matter honey, all in all, they just 
want you to show more eagerness and genuineness about 
accepting them."
	"If what I'm doing now doesn't satisfy them, then w-
what else can I..."
	"For one thing honey,  how about agreeing  to do them  
on  a continuing thing, rather than limit it to just that 
one time?"
	"Y-You mean s-suck them w-whenever t-they..."
	"Yes dear, whenever they want you to do it.  Tell them 
all they have a standing invitation to be sucked off by 
you.  That can't help but see your offer as  a gesture of 
sincerity and full acceptance."
	"HONK! HONK!"
	"That must be Jeff. He's a bit early. Do I look okay?  
You know I always want to look right for my man. Guess what 
I'm not wearing any panties so as to be more available.  
Gotta run darling.  As usual, don't wait up.  By the way, 
your mom called.  She said she'll be 
bringing the kids by in a hour.  She took them to the zoo 
today.  I left dinner for you and them in the fridge.  As 
usual, all you have to do is pop everything in the 
microwave."
	The beautiful wife pecked her husband on the cheek as 
she dashed out the door.  Her husband just sat there for a 
long time sipping on a drink he poured from a bottle of 
scotch. He appeared deep in thought.  An hour passed before 
the sound of children could be heard running in.
	"Daddy!  Daddy!  Grandma took us to the zoo.  We saw 
the elephants, tigers, bears and a gorilla."  Three coffee 
colored skin youngsters spoke in almost perfect unison.
	The man, obviously not their biological father, 
greeted them and had further conversation with them before 
he agreed they could go out to play before dinner.
	"Hi son, I see you're doing dinner.  I like the new 
apron."
	"Vicki got it for me.  It does help to keep stains off 
my clothes.  I really don't like this color or the flower 
embroidered on it.  She says it purple, but you can plainly 
see it's lavender. She started to complain about me not 
liking anything she buys me.  I kept it and wore it to keep 
the peace."
	"A good marriage requires compromise from time to time 
dear."
	"I know mother, b-but it seems like that's all I do is 
compromise and give in to what she wants or needs."
	"Oh it's not that bad son."
	"How can you say that mother.  Right after our 
marriage, I was faced with an annulment because s-she said 
I-I couldn't consummate the marriage.  Claiming I-I was 
just too small and that she needed more than my tongue."
	"You know she was right."
	"W-Well maybe, b-but having to accept her openly 
dating other men, and black men at that, was just a lot to 
swallow, but I did.  Soon she had as many full time regular 
lovers as there was days of the week."
	"Son, you have a beautiful wife who has healthy sexual 
needs. You can't handle all of them for her, so her other  
men help out.  That's all there is to it."
	"I-I guess you're right mom, but it just seems so 
unfair that for the last eight years, I've had to play 
virtually second, no eighth fiddle, to all her studs.  Do 
you know I don't get a chance to have regular sex with her 
for over a month sometimes?  They really consume her time.  
Sure she always has time for me to eat her out after 
they've filled her, but she has so little time for me to 
put it in.  She claims she's too tired a lot of the time 
when it's my turn for intercourse. I-I have to jerk off 
many times."
	"I understand son, and like I told you before there is 
nothing wrong with you doing that to release your pent up 
fluids.  Masturbation is an accepted means of relieving 
your sexual pressure. Remember the pastor saying that?  
Remember?  It was when I asked him to counsel you when you 
wanted a divorce after she got pregnant with your children, 
the twins?"
	"You keep saying our children.  You know very well 
that they aren't..."
	"Shush! You know I told you not to talk that way.  
She's your wife.  No matter who puts it in her, whatever 
comes out is yours.  The babies are legally yours.  End of 
story.  They're my grandkids and your children, end of 
story.  Now say you're sorry!"
	"I-I-I a-apologize m-mother.  I-I didn't mean to get 
you u-upset."  Her son stammered nervously.  It was 
obvious, that even as a grown man his mother intimidated 
him.
	"That's better. Now like I was saying, it's perfectly 
normal to masturbate.  The pastor also encouraged you 
sucking her cunt, especially after her real men love her.  
Remember him saying you should not be scared of the taste 
of her filled juicy cunt?"
	"Y-Yes ma'am."
	"And remember how nice of him to help you get 
acclimated to the taste.  How he went out of his way and 
sexed your new bride right in front of you and gave you an 
opportunity to eat her out with him there so he could 
advise you how to do a good job of it?  He gave both of you 
some good pointers. Remember him telling your wife how to 
mount your face and move her cunt? And remember how he had 
y'all come back for several weeks to check on your 
progress."
	"It was more like a year.  That was humiliating too.  
Having to watch him do it to her and then  have both of 
them direct me h-how to clean her up with my mouth 
afterwards.  He really seem to like her straddled over my 
upturned face and have her give him head while I-I 
sucked their fuck juices out of her draining pussy.  I was 
glad he was transferred to another city."
	"I'm warning you.  Don't speak ill of the pastor."  
His mother's face showed her displeasure at his remark.
	"I-I didn't mean anything wrong mother.  It's - it's 
just that I feel so downtrodden at times.  I'm - I'm 
virtually a slave in my own home."
	"How can you say that son?"
	"Can't you see it?  Her black lovers literally rule 
our lives. Everything centers around them.  They come and 
go all times of night. Her priorities are based on theirs.  
She has me loan them money I know I'll never get back.  
They all have their own house keys.  They come in and have 
me get out of my own bed so much, I just started sleeping 
on the couch in the den."
	"Didn't she have a folding cot  put in the bedroom 
last month so you wouldn't have to leave?"
	"Y-Yes  b-but I-I hate it . having to l-listen...
a-and watch them have sex."
	"We've gone over this before.  It's your obligation as 
her husband to be near your wife whenever she feels she 
needs you, even if it's when she's with other men."
	"I-I know she gets off knowing I'm there and can't do 
anything about it but look and listen.  She really enjoys 
it when  her lover calls me over to lick and suck her clean 
of his cum.  T-They all want me to clean her cunt between 
comes."
	"Like I said, it's your duty to please your wife in 
such little ways."
	"It-it may be my duty, b-but it's so humiliating.  All 
her boyfriends shoot so much cum too. I-I also hate having 
to lap the man's genitals clean between their sex bouts, b-
but they all want me to do it. S-so I have to.  She really 
likes seeing me degrade myself doing that."
	"How many times have we both told you that orally 
administering to her men after they've sexed her was not 
degrading  or anything to be ashamed of.  Not only did the 
pastor tell you that, he had you practice on him the whole 
time he was helping and counseling y'all.  Remember him 
telling you it was just a way of paying your respects to 
the better man?"
	"I-I do.  I-I guess my pride keeps getting in the way.  
H-he said that I-I would have to fight that."
	"And you should.  I really thought you were beyond 
letting your silly macho pride get in the way of being a 
supportive, loving, faithful husband and good father."
	"I-I do want to be a good husband, but sometimes I-I 
feel so overwhelmed by it all.  I-I feel so stressed at 
times.  Take for instance, Lloyd and George said I acted 
like I was prejudice because they were black.  I don't know 
how they arrived at that conclusion.  After all, they're 
the real fathers of our children.  They don't pay one cent 
of child support.  They have complete run of the 
house.  I-I don't know how many hundreds of dollars I've 
loaned them - which I don't expect to get back.  So, after 
listening to them and Lillie and you and her mom, I-I 
agreed to suck them off to completion and swallow their 
semen, as well as my wife's  other five regular black 
studs  - you know, a-as a gesture of my good faith that I'm 
not a bigot or prejudice.  Well, now they're saying that I 
still showed  insincerity when I did them.  Can you imagine 
that mother?  Now they want me to be available to give them 
head on demand, anytime they desire, to completion mind 
you, not just licking them clean.  And to top it off, 
Lillie agrees with them."
	"Why are you against becoming a cocksucker for them my 
dear son?  It's just your silly pride isn't it.?"
	"I-I just don't see it that way.  It-It just seem like 
I'm going beyond being respectful.  It's l-l-like I'll be 
their mouth whore."
	"Such harsh words.  No dear, they won't see you that 
way.  Sincerity is not something that you can demonstrate  
by doing something once.  It may take hundreds of times.  
Sucking their dicks whenever they want you to, and 
swallowing every drop of hot spunk they give you is the  
right thing for you to do son."  His mother had a 
serious countenance on her face.
	"Y-You really think so?"  The beleaguered  look on her 
son's face showed the look of pending resignation to do 
what he really didn't want to do.
	"Yes dear.  It's for the continued healthiness of your 
marriage.  You really have to keep your macho pride in 
check, for it will overrule the really important pride.  
That of being a good husband to Lillie and a good daddy to 
the babies she'll be having by her other men.  Remember, 
they are her real men,."
	"I-I see."  Replied her weary son with the look of 
complete capitulation on his face as he let his mom envelop 
him in her arms with a tight hug.  
	"Speaking of babies, you know she and Liston are 
working on one now?"
	"Y-yes, they told me two weeks ago."
	"And you didn't tell me?  I know, you wanted it be a 
surprise."
	"N-Not really.  I-I was trying to talk her out of it.  
She's thinking of having kids from all her studs she's been 
dating for at least two years.  S-She says in two years she 
gets to know if he really likes them enough to have their 
baby."
	"What's wrong with that?"
	"What?  Well for one thing, all of her current lovers 
have been dating her for at least two years.  I-I just 
don't know if we c-can afford that many kids.  And what if 
she has another set of twins?"
	"Don't you dare try to dissuade her.  I want my 
grandkids.  If need be, you'll just have to get a second 
job.  Lillie is built to breed.  She loves to be pregnant 
after being bred by a man with the right equipment.  I 
don't mean to hurt you son, but you know she's told 
you that many times.  That's why it's important to suppress 
your macho pride, it'll only cause you mental anguish."
	"I-I know.  She says it's like a boil.  The best way 
is to stop the pain is to lance it.  She says the best way 
to rid myself of the anguish of her sexing and being bred 
by men better than me is for me to be constantly reminded 
of that fact.  When she was pregnant, both times, she 
constantly reminded me each morning that the baby wasn't 
mine.  I had to acknowledge that the better man had knocked 
her up, and before going to work, I had to kiss her swollen 
belly every morning and every evening after I came home, 
and thank her for having another man's baby for us."
	"That's so sweet and loving."  His mother replied 
smiling at her obviously subjugated son.
	"Damn fly!"
	Our winged eavesdropper, once again detected and 
cursed,  made his getaway to another part of the house, hid 
various places until the morning and departed into the 
great outdoors at the first opportunity.  He rode the warm 
morning air before being drawn toward the smell of 
breakfast at another dwelling.  He easily entered a cracked 
door and began again his listening vigil.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Copyright c MARCH 1, 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved.


HOUSE #6

	Our fly friend observed a brunette, dressed in a long 
robe and a towel around her head, cooking breakfast and 
children and a man at the breakfast table eating.
	The man was in business attire, the kids obviously on 
their way to school.  Moments later, the kids rushed off in 
the direction of the door after getting kisses and hugs 
from the man and woman, obviously their mother and father.
	After the two girls left for the school bus in front 
of their house, the front door slammed.  It was then the 
wife unloosened her robe such that it hung open in front.  
Her shapely tits and well shaped dark bushy cunt were 
clearly visible.  She next removed the towel from her head 
and let her rolled up hair fall loosely down.  She next sat 
down at the table with a cup of coffee and crossed her 
legs, not bothering to worry about the unfastened robe. It 
was now obvious that the robe hid her true beauty. It was 
very obvious now that she was totally nude underneath the 
open robe.  She was voluptuous.
	"I-I wish you wouldn't do that.  You know I need some 
bad.  Y-You just want me to get a hard-on while going to 
work.  Y-You're just being a cock tease. H-He's coming by 
today isn't he?"  The man asked with a sour look on his 
face. 
	"Yes.  This morning in fact."  The woman replied as 
she leisurely sipped her coffee.
	"Donna why do you do this to me?  Y-You know I tossed 
and turned all last night.  You could at least have jerked 
me off s-since you won't let me put it in."
	"You know the rules darling.  You don't get in until 
after Dan has had me first and says it's okay for you to 
have some.  That includes jacking you off."  She said with 
a smug smile.
	"D-Donna w-we've been married for 10 y-years.  H-How 
can you treat me like this if-if you love me?"
	"I do love you very much darling.  I love you more 
than Dan.  I just demand more of you than him."
	"B-But how can you say that when y-you've had two 
children from him?"
	"Simple, I wanted to get pregnant from him.  We've 
been through this all before.  I wanted him to be the 
father of `our' children dear.  I knew his babies would be 
prettier than yours, but I know you'd be a better daddy for 
them.  Dan isn't the family type.  Besides he's better 
equipped for baby making."
	"D-Donna y-you know it h-hurts me to-to hear you say 
that."
	"Darling you simply have to get over it.  There is no 
reason to live in the past.  He's given us two beautiful 
daughters.  You know you adore them.  You know you like 
children."
	"I do, but..."
	"No buts honey, the truth is that Dan is the better 
man and I selected him to sire our babies.  Now since you 
claimed you love me, you should be okay with all this and 
put your foolish pride on the shelf and be the good husband 
and daddy I want you to be."
	"Y-You know I love you so much... a-and I try hard to 
be a good husband to you and father to the children.  B-But 
it-it's so humiliating to have to continue to play second 
fiddle to him all the time.  Now that we have the children 
can't you let him..."
	"Let him go?  No way.  For one reason, he's too good 
in bed to let go.  You know you're not man enough to take 
up the slack if he was to leave.  Besides darling, I want 
another baby for us."
	"W-What!  N-No Donna... please don't do this to me 
again?"
	"Why not.  Our youngest is now seven and it would be a 
good time for me to get us another bundle of joy.  Dan said 
he wants a son for us."
	The couple went into a another involved round of 
discussion as to whether the woman should have another 
baby.  That seem to be the only issue and there was no 
discussion about who the biological father was to be.
	"Oh Donna, h-how can you do this to me.  I-I've been 
faithful just like I promised you a-a-and..."
	"Dear, please!  Lets not go down that road again.  I 
know you've been faithful.  Otherwise I would've left you 
before now.  You know that don't you?"
	"Uh..., I-I k-know you s-said you would.  B-But d-did 
you really m-mean it?"
	"Of course darling.  The only reason I stay is because 
I love you.  You seem to forget that.  You seem to keep 
equating sex with love.  Remember darling, my love is for 
you.  You have total control over it.  Dan has control of 
my pussy and what goes in it.  You get what comes out of 
it.  Whether it's his fuck juices he leaves in there for 
you to taste, or the beautiful babies he's given us.  
Understand?"
	"Y-Y-Yes d-dear.  O-Okay... I-I do."
	"Good.  Now you better hurry and get to work.  We 
don't want you  being late.  I love you dear, remember 
that.  You're good at loving me and Dan is good at fucking 
me, it's as simple as that.  Okay?"
	"O-Okay dear."  Her husband replied with an air of 
resignation as his wife kissed him and walked toward the 
door with him.
	As the two neared the door, the sound of a key in the 
lock could be heard.  The door opened.  A tall muscular 
built man could be seen.  The husband cringed and the wife 
cried out in joy as she leaped toward the new figure on the 
scene and wrapped her arms around him.
	"How ya baby?"  The new man on the scene roared in his 
deep masculine voice.
"SMOOCH."  The sound of a juicy kiss was loudly heard.  
The lady's husband stood frozen as if spellbound, as he 
watched the spectacle before him as the man reached around 
and caressed the naked body of the woman's torso underneath 
the open robe she wore.  She immediately opened her legs 
for his benefit. Quickly she unzipped his pants and put her 
hand in his fly.
	As the stranger and the man's wife broke their 
passionate embrace, the tall man looked in the husband's 
direction.
	"Howdy Howard."
"H-Hi Dan."  The husband replied meekly as he looked 
up at the taller man who still had his big muscular arms 
around the inside of the woman's robe.
"Well I guess you best be on your way to work.  I'll 
take care of things around here while you're at the 
office."  The man referred to as Dan said to the husband as 
he, the husband, silently moved toward the open door.
"Dan, I told Howard you and I are going to start 
making another baby as soon as the pill wears off in 
another two weeks or so."  Howard's wife said.
"Yeah Howard, I'm gonna go shopping for a boy.  Didn't 
stroke her right the last time."  Spoke the tall man, whose 
name was apparently Dan.
"Howard is thrilled about you knocking me up darling."  
The woman said giggling.
"You're as good man Howard.  Maybe this time instead 
of just holding my balls as I fuck her, maybe it'll be 
better if you lick them too while I'm creaming in her good 
pussy."
The man named Howard cringed and turned even redder as 
he looked stunned at the other man's words.
"That's a good idea.  That should get your cum heated 
up even more.  You think of everything darling."  Howard's 
wife replied as she pecked her lover on the face and laid 
her face on his chest.
"See you later Howard."  Dan said as he and Howard's 
wife walked back into the hall way to the bedrooms.
"I'll call you later at work dear.  Have a good day.  
And don't jerk off at work!  Now that Dan is here you can 
have some tonight after you get home."  His wife added 
without even looking back at her pathetic pitiful husband.
After a moment or so, Howard finally moved toward the 
door to apparently make his way to work.
Our fly friend, seeing the open door, quickly flew 
toward it, preferring the open doors to the rather 
predictable activity that would be going on inside the 
house.
Our friendly spy fly made his escape into the fresh 
morning air and flew over the cuckolded husband's car as it 
left the driveway.

EPILOGUE:
As our fly spy flew away, he pondering all that he'd 
heard over the last few days.  After a prolonged period of 
thought and reflection, he came to the  conclusion that 
truth is sometimes harder to believe than fiction.

###END###


Like these type fictional stories? Send comments or future 
story ideas to CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com 


