"Rachel! Sookie!" I exclaimed when I walked into the house that night after I got home from seeing my mom off at the airport. She had made a day trip here and had to return home tonight. I should've known she'd have done something like that. Momma always was the type of person who would rather talk in person than over the phone.

"In here!" they called in unison.

I went into the kitchen where I heard their voice coming from. The two of them were sitting at the kitchen table drinking coffee, reading magazines, and talking.

"Hey sis! How was work?" Rachel asked, looking up at me.

I smiled, "It was great! I got off early." I sat down at the table with them after fixing myself a cup of coffee.

Sookie looked at the clock. "Isn't it late, though? Knowing you, you would've come home if you got off early," she said.

"Yeah, well, I would've if I wouldn't have recieved a surprise visit at Merlotte's just before I got off."

"Who?" Sookie questioned, curiously.

I looked at Rachel. "Did you know by any chance that mom would be in town today?" I asked her.

Rachel laughed nervously. "Oh, shoot! I forgot to tell you that she was coming today." "I'm sorry, Selena," she apologized.

"Apology accepted," I smiled. "I actually liked that momma came here today."

"I knew you would," Rachel told me with a smile.
"Wait, aunt Lorelai was here in town and you didn't think to bring her by here to see me," Sookie said, putting on her best pouty face.

"Sorry, but she was only here for the day. She had to get back to Miami," I informed her. "Maybe next time?"

"No, not maybe. Yes, next time," Sookie told me.

"Yes, ma'am," I said with a slight laugh and a nod of my head.

Little did I know I'd be needing and wanting my mother here with me really soon.

--------

The next few days and nights, believe it or not, flew by rather fast and without a hitch. Now that I knew that I was on good terms with my whole family, a little bit of the weight that I was carrying on my shoulders had been lifted. But, nothing ever stays the way you want it to for long.

I had worked from 11:30 to 6:30. I stopped at the gas station to fill up my car and I stopped at Walmart for a few necessities that I needed, on the way home. Everything had been going so well for the past few days that I wasn't even thinking that something bad or unexpected would come up.

When I got home around 7:00ish nothing was out of the ordinary. Everything seemed like it was the same as always. The security lights out front and around back were all turned on. When you've got a house full of girls who are all familiar with the vampire world, you can't be too careful.

Upon walking in the house and closing the door behind me, I looked into the living room and rolled my eyes at who I saw. Sitting there were Sookie, Rachel, Eric, and Pam. I just couldn't catch a break for more than a couple of days at a time, could I?

The past couple of days had been great. For once in my life I had actually had a couple of days free of having to deal with vampires and other supernatural beings. Aside from myself, Rachel, and Sookie, of course. That sure as hell didn't last long.

I didn't speak a word or move a muscle. I stood there in the foyer, leaning against the door and just stared at them. All I wanted was to come home, take a nice, long, relaxing shower, put my pj's on, and curl up in bed and watch a movie until I fell asleep.

Surely, that wouldn't be the case for tonight anymore. Now I was going to be dragged back into the world of vampires and such. I wasn't sure if I even wanted to pretend to care about whatever they were here for.

Reluctantly, I put my purse and keys down on the table in the foyer that I had insisted Sookie put there so that the foyer wouldn't look dull with just a carpet. Then I slowly entered the living room. I motioned for Rachel to move over in the chair that she was sitting in and sunk down next to her.

"This better be fucking important," I told the two vampires.

"Oh, it's important, Selena," Rachel said to me before anyone else could get the chance.

"Just listen to what they have to say," Sookie replied after Rachel had finished.

I sighed a frustrated sigh. "Enlighten me," I said dully, looking from Pam to Eric. "What are you doing here?"

"We got a call from your undead ex," Eric informed me.

I sat up straight in an instant. Now he had my undivided attention. Without thinking, I asked, "How'd he get your number?" "Stupid question, Selena," I scolded myself.

Pam answered in a smart ass way, "The phone book. Our phone number is listed, you know?"

I turned and look at Pam and rolled my eyes at her and then turned back to Eric. "What'd he want?"

"What do you think? He wanted us to know that he'll stop at nothing to get you," Pam snapped, angrily.

Normally I'd snap back at someone who snapped at me with that tone, but I didn't I was willing to bet anything that she was the one who had answered the phone when Drake called. She had every right to be angry. Just hearing his voice was enough to make you want to crawl through the phone with a stake in your hand and surprise stake him.

"I'm sure that's not all he wanted."

"He wants us to know why he's after you," Eric told me when I looked at him after receiving nothing else from Pam. "Is there something you haven't been telling us?"
"No," I lied rather quickly.

No one in the room believed me for a second. Even Rachel, who knew the truth, made herself look as if she had never heard it before. I had a big feeling that I wasn't going to get out of this one. I was going to have to tell them all the story of what happened.

Seeing no other way out, I reluctantly asked, "Edited or non-edited version?"

"Non-edited," Rachel told me.

They all wanted to know what I wasn't telling them, and I had no other choice, but to tell them, so I did. I left nothing out. I told them word for word, event for event, what happened. By time I finished telling my story the whole room felt like there was no life in it.

It was broken by Eric about a minute later. "For someone who is greatly opposed to killing humans, you surprise me," he smirked.

I shook my head and laughed slightly. Leave it to Eric to make a sarcastic comment during a serious moment.

Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a smirk on Pam's face, too. I just knew she would follow in Eric's footsteps and say something against the mood of the moment.

"I'm beginning to like you more and more everyday," she said, her eyes gleaming.

"I'm sure you are," I said.

I turned my head to look at Rachel. She wasn't the least bit surprised. I had told her the story the next day after the events went down. Then I turned my attention to Sookie. The look on her face was full of surprise, shock, and disbelief. I didn't expect any less from her. What I did was far from beyond me. But, you've gotta do what you've to do to survive in this world.

"There's just one problem wrong with that story, though," Pam said, mentioning the one thing that I didn't want anyone to bring up.

I looked at her.

"If you killed him then how's he a vampire now?"

"Because I didn't fucking get the damn job done!" I hissed, jumping up out of the chair. "I figured, since he had been hit in the head so many times by a blunt object and had blood pooling around it, that he was dead. Even if he wasn't dead then...I threw him out the damn second story window! He should've been dead then, but no. He was apparently still alive then. Since I was running on time at that moment I didn't even think to check his pulse."

"I find this whole situation as a turn on."

I'm sure everyone can guess who that came from. I turned my head and looked at Eric, frowning. "So, not the time, Eric."

"So, you think a vampire must've found him and turned him?" Pam asked.

"Who's asking the stupid questions now?" I asked myself. "It's the only possible conclusion of what's happening now."

--------

Pam and Eric left around 8:00 so that they could get back to Fangtasia in time for opening. I was so relieved when they left. Locking the door behind them, I leaned my head against my arm which was leaning on the door.

I felt like I was trapped in the center of the universe with everyone populating the world standing around me watching me as I broke down and slowly lost all hope in living any longer. My whole life was going down in flames around me.

If I were smart I'd just pull out the magic book and look for a spell to make all of my problems go away, but I couldn't. I wouldn't. Even if I could and wanted to my mother has that book hidden and guarded at all times of the day. It'd be impossible to get your hands on it and live to tell the tale.

When I turned around both Sookie and Rachel were standing there staring at me. We all three stood in silence for god only knows how long. I opened myself up and instantly could feel the anger and disappointment coming off of Sookie. Rachel was, of course, understanding of me and my situation.

"Please, tell me you were kidding, Selena! It's just not poss..." Sookie started, breaking the silence.

I held my hand up to stop her. "Let's talk about this tomorrow. All I want to do right now is go upstairs, take a shower, and curl up in bed and watch a movie." With that I made my way up the stairs.

"Night' Selena," Rachel called after me.

"Night, Rachel. Night Sookie," I called back.

Sookie didn't reply. We'd surely be having a really long talk tomorrow. A talk that I was not looking forward to whatever. When I entered my room my plans were once again ruined. But, this time I didn't have a clue. I felt a pain in my head as I fell to the ground and then everything went black.