Debbie Goes East
by paul2021

Debbie commits to bare all as her lover's concubine.

This story takes Debbie abroad into excitingly scandalous adventures as she becomes the concubine of a Royal Prince.

*********

Debbie was in love.

She was in that exquisitely entrancing state where nothing else seemed to matter - wonderfully happy -- smitten -- hot -- fascinated -- one track -- obsessed -- living for those togetherness moments and empty when apart.

It was deliciously intense and, having cut loose from the old certainties of family and career, she had cast herself adrift in the boiling waters of heat and infatuation.

Meeting Rashi had coincided with major events.

The children had flown the nest to study overseas and, with David permanently returning to the Norfolk set, she was free at last. Debbie and David had regretfully acknowledged that the marriage was "over" - but there would be no divorce - family would always come first and keeping up appearances with friends and wider family was still important. Secretly she had indulged in several short-term relationships while the children were living at home but she liked excitement and variety and could not settle on any one man or woman for long.

The legal practice in London had been sold and there was enough money from the transaction to pay off the mortgage, cover the university fees and generally enjoy the good life. Work was no longer a necessity and having earned an international reputation as a commercial lawyer she could afford to take some time out. Her original intention was to travel, but falling in love with Rashi had changed everything.

She met him through her debonair Uncle Duncan, a bachelor who, after years of travel had fetched up in a Sultanate in the Far East to serve the Royal House in some obscure security capacity. He had always been the black sheep of her father's family and she remembered at her 21st birthday party being a little appalled but also just a little tempted when he made a pass at her in the Orangery of her grandfather's house.

Duncan was visiting London with Prince Rashid -- Rashi to his western friends - to help organise finance for a new venture in the Sultanate. He was the eldest son of the Sultan and first in-line to the succession. By coincidence Rashi had met Debbie when they were both up at Oxford and there was a brief dalliance after a May Ball before Rashi returned home. Discovering this connection, Rashi asked that Duncan arrange lunch with Debbie to catch up. They all met at the Wolseley in Piccadilly.

Rashi was devastatingly good looking in middle age -- literally tall, dark, handsome and charming - and the mutual attraction was self-evident. He and Debbie began to date -- dinners out at the Dorchester or the Connaught -- West End theatre or the opera at Covent Garden -- Rashi would always take a box. Embarrassingly expensive presents began to come Debbie's way -- diamond necklaces and silver bracelets from Bentley and Skinner -- luxury handbags from Dior or Chanel.

Within weeks they were making love and Debbie agreed to move into the Sultanate's London house in Belgravia which Rashi had taken over for the duration of his visit. This was a luxury new to Debbie and she was transported into the world of the super-rich. It was intoxicating.

For Debbie the sex was tender and lovely -- Rashi was very considerate -- but it rapidly became, for her, a little bland and less than satisfactory. Even with David she had pushed the boundaries for greater excitement but Rashi tended to shut down any attempt by Debbie to move on from vanilla. If she began to perform fellatio, he would gently lift her up and begin to fuck. If she tried a cow-girl he would roll her over to missionary. It was all very old fashioned -- she always imagined her Mother and Father being exactly like this -- and it began to worry her.

Rashi's return to the Sultanate was drawing ever closer and Debbie needed to understand where the relationship was going. She diplomatically expressed her concerns to Uncle Duncan who promised to talk to Rashi.

Rashi knew it was time and, cracking open a bottle of chilled Pol Roger, her favourite, he sat Debbie down one evening in the house in Belgravia. The resulting discussion would present Debbie with a dilemma -- there would be difficult choices ahead.

*********

After a first toast "to love" Rashi began:

"My dear Deborah I love you more than I have ever loved any woman in my life -- no really -- I do -- please do not doubt what I say."

He was truly sincere and Debbie, feeling exactly the same about Rashi, reciprocated:

"Honey, I love you too very, very much... I just need to understand my situation. If you wish to end it, I would be heartbroken but I would accept your decision. I can't imagine being without you but I can't see a way forward once you go home??"

He came to her and kissed her lips and sat beside her taking both her hands in his:

"Deborah to help you I wish to tell you about my life and the culture of my house and family. Some of this will be distasteful I know but it is our way and you must be told."

Debbie let him talk:

"My Father, the Sultan, and my Mother are very traditional in their beliefs -- the palace operates in the old ways and we all must conform -- there is no choice. I have my own household which is separate from my Fathers but I live in my culture and there would be no escape for me or you if you were to come into my home.

First, as you know, I have wives who are chosen for me from the elite of the Royal House, I cannot marry a foreigner and certainly not a western woman. Our own women are chaste before marriage and the bedroom is intended for procreation only -- that is our way. I believe Mr Duncan told you that I have many children?"

Debbie nodded and looked down into the sparkling glass and the small bubbles fizzing and vanishing. Duncan had warned her of this situation but it still disturbed her hearing it direct from Rashi.

"We are allowed what in English you would call a concubine. This relationship is very different and with these women the bedroom is for entertainment and recreation. Concubines are kept in the household and are generally favoured by one man but, in our culture, a man's brother can "borrow" the concubine for sexual purposes. This is generally limited to a single night but if all three parties are in agreement the arrangement can continue.

Royal concubines must go dressed or undressed in ways prescribed by tradition and are required to accompany their Prince at private functions as necessary. It is expected by Royal Protocol and all visitors are made aware of this and know what to expect.

I must say I have no concubine at present but I have indulged in the past and I want you to know this."

Again, Debbie was not surprised.

"I have loved you here in London as I would a wife but you cannot be a wife in the Sultanate."

Debbie listened intently and her mind was beginning to run. She interrupted Rashi:

"Then for us to be together in the Sultanate I must become your concubine?"

The Prince confirmed:

"Regrettably Deborah that is the only way."

Debbie looked for options:

"... but can I live outside the palace and you visit me?"

The Prince shook his head:

"No Deborah -- that would be impossible. My father's secret police watch me at all times and I am not allowed to leave the palace without a bodyguard."

Debbie needed more information:

"How many brothers have you?"

"Six my love."

"Are they all grown men?"

"Yes -- aged between 22 and 40."

Debbie swallowed and Rashi topped up her glass with champagne:

"... and the public duties of a concubine?"

Rashi knew this would be difficult:

"The concubine must accompany the Prince at what we call "Presentations" where in a private manner we entertain our guests. The concubine is -- how can I say -- displayed to the attendees and is required to make conversation and disport herself."

"Disport??"

"Yes, it is best to assume that the Concubine could be asked to attend ... disrobed!"

"You mean -- naked!!"

"Yes, my love ... naked or nearly so."

Debbie was shocked -- and there was more!

"I must finally tell you about the induction or, as we call it, the Ceremony of Obeisance to the Sultan and Sultana -- my Father and Mother - which takes place when the concubine is first introduced into the Palace.

Before a concubine is admitted to the Royal House, she pays obeisance to the Sultan and his family. She is costumed appropriately and following obeisance the concubine is inducted by her sponsor -- myself in your case."

Debbie was speechless.

"Yes, Deborah, I would be required to induct you by making love to you in front of selected members of my family -- it is our way of ensuring that the concubine will be satisfactory and is not being coerced by the sponsor. You see it is obligatory in our culture that the concubine must be willing and able to take pleasure from her situation. If the concubine feels that she is being exploited and is unhappy then it does not work and she is best released.

A concubine needs to be a certain kind of woman -- daring, exploratory, experienced in matters sexual, intelligent, brave, empathetic, the list continues -- I am sure you can now understand."

All was silent.

Prince Rashid continued:

"When I first met you, I never dreamt that we would fall in love and then when I did fall in love with you, I could not imagine you becoming my concubine. I would not wish to invite a western lady to perform such a role. This is not in your culture and western women are not prepared or taught to behave in this manner.

I discussed my dilemma with Mr Duncan and he informed me of your other career -- I mean your career in the movies. This changed everything."

Debbie cried out not believing what she was hearing.

"Be calm my love -- be calm. Neither of us expected the other to be pure -- we are not children. This news actually gave me a great hope that maybe -- just maybe -- as an experienced and sexually proficient woman -- you might consider -- it might be possible that you could travel to the Sultanate with me as my concubine?"

Debbie flushed up and turned away. She believed that her other life in porn had been kept secret -- now she knew otherwise.

"I understand my love -- I am afraid I have offended you -- I was reluctant to speak about these things, but in the end, it is the only way. The alternative was to finish our wonderful relationship, no matter how painful. At least I can offer you an option but I know it must be difficult for you.

Do not make a decision now -- please -- give yourself some time for thought and give me your answer when you are ready."

She could not think rationally and begged to be excused. Rashi understood and let her go.

She had heard enough -- Duncan had betrayed her -- how the hell did he know about the movies -- she had been so heavily disguised by Lyn's hair and make-up -- how could he tell it was her? Then the truth began to dawn -- the family holidays at the villa in Provence -- the long days by the pool -- he had many opportunities to look on her body from behind those mirrored sunglasses. Christ - there were times with close friends when she would go topless. She just assumed, if Duncan was lounging still and quiet wearing his sunglasses, he was asleep and - of course - he would always choose the bedroom overlooking the pool -- who knows what he saw from behind those shutters when her boyfriends were visiting and she would go nude?

*********

As she considered Rashi's revelations the realisation dawned that had he not been aware of her "other" life then they would be parting very shortly for good. He rarely travelled to Europe and once he became Sultan there was no prospect of seeing him -- it was really too hard!!

The big question was could she cope with the life of a concubine?

Public nudity did not concern her too much. She was not ashamed of her body and a previous lover had taken her to several naturist week-ends and, once she learnt to avoid the company of the perverts, she was quite happy. Of course, her life in porn had accustomed her to nudity and sex in front of others but she was protected in that exotic bubble by Lyn and Ray. Well -- Ok -- Rashi would now protect her.

It was the public sex with Rashi and his brothers that worried her. It was not that his brothers were ugly or undesirable -- from photos they were a good looking, well formed, group of males who had been educated privately in England. This provided a little re-assurance -- they should be sufficiently civilised to treat her with respect -- maybe? In any case Rashi would insist that she inform him of any mistreatment -- but then it would be too late! This would need further discussion.

To fuck Rashi with an audience -- OK -- she would take that - to be with him. If she was too uptight to truly enjoy this bizarre ritual then she had simulated enough orgasms in the past to convince... and she still held a memory of that week-end at Prof. Jocelyn's many years ago!

She could not imagine a life without Rashi and his love -- it was unthinkable.

She asked to see Duncan and bit her tongue. It was all in the past and a row wouldn't help her or him!

He gave her good advice -- why not agree a trial period -- say six months -- prepare an agreement -- ensure that she could be re-patriated to the UK if she wished, with no hard feelings either way.

Rashi agreed and a document was swiftly prepared with his London lawyers. Debbie, of course needed no help on her side and all was satisfactory.

It was time -- there could be no further delay - would she, or wouldn't she?

*********

Debbie was true to herself -- it was yes.

Love was the prime motivator but so was excitement and the thrill of the new. She was driven by her desire to learn more about the man she loved -- to see his home -- to meet his family and - although she would never admit it -- experience the luxury and the seductive opulence surrounding him. It was human nature to become acclimatised to extreme wealth and it would have added to her distress to return to the ordinary.

She had never held back -- she had always taken what she wanted and moved on. This was no different.

She settled her affairs and all three -- Debbie, Rashi and Uncle Duncan - settled into first class for the long haul out to the Far East.

*********

Rashi had warned her that once they landed in the Sultanate she would be removed and transferred to the palace separately to begin her induction. He also taught her some basic protocol -- in a formal setting she must refer to him as "My Prince" although, of course, in private he would still be her Rashi. She must lower her eyes in front of his Father and Mother but in all else she would be an equal. She may find the initial security a little onerous but once this and the induction were completed, he promised to remove her to his household and resume their lives together.

The heat and humidity hit her like a sledgehammer as they exited the plane but she was efficiently installed in the air conditioned cool of the black Mercedes saloon with tinted windows sitting on the tarmac. The driver took her directly from the small airport and on through the crowded streets of the city before pulling up at a great white gate in the massive castellated grey stone wall surrounding the Palace. They were immediately allowed through with no checks and they drove through one court followed by another and another until the car pulled up under a canopy which protected a set of great mahogany doors, carved with elephants and panthers, from the intense sun.

She was met by two young women dressed in snow white burkas who introduced themselves in good English as Mina and Aasha who were from the Prince's household. They escorted her through a cool marble hall to a suite which comprised a small sitting room with an adjacent bathroom. The smell of sandalwood was everywhere.

Mina instructed her:

"My Lady, you can undress and shower here and take some refreshment before we take you through security into the royal apartments.

We will the then prepare you for the obeisance where you will meet the Royal Family and perform the ceremony.

Once that is completed, we will escort you to the Prince's household."

It was good to remove her make-up and shower after the long flight and she chose some lotions and a musk perfume from the selection on offer. Mina had removed her travelling clothes and she was supplied with a long cream silk robe, hooded and belted at the waist. Aasha insisted on styling her hair after her shower.

Once she had eaten and taken a little wine Mina announced that she should now go through to security before entering the palace proper and she was taken bare foot to a large room at the far end of the marble hall.

Debbie was met by two females dressed in military uniform:

"Please remove your robe"

She was surprised.

"Please remove your robe!!"

One of the operatives moved to assist her and she suddenly felt very exposed.

Debbie stiffened:

"Please ... is this really necessary?"

"Unless you wish to deeply offend the Sultan then PLEASE REMOVE YOUR ROBE"

Debbie in shock, took a deep breath, and did as she was told. Slipping off her robe it was taken by Mina who folded it neatly and placed it in the basket.

As she looked up, she could see that the room was covered by an array of security cameras -- she began to shiver knowing that her naked body was on display to anyone in the palace with access to the network. She began to warm and those old feelings long suppressed stirred in her abdomen.

The first guard spoke good English.

"Stand with your legs apart and hold your arms above your head."

Both guards held small torches and scanned every portion of Debbie's body while sometimes allowing the cool head of the torch to lightly glide across her skin. As one head disturbed the bush of blond pubic hair between her legs she gasped.

"Don't be alarmed. We are nearly done... "

After what seemed to Debbie to be an age of increasing heat and delightful stimulation the women finished their inspection. She could feel the swelling and the moistening in her cunt. She had missed this feeling so so much...!

Once more she was truly alive -- her senses were sharpened!

Mina dressed her in the robe again and they passed into the palace.

She was led through a labyrinth of corridors and rooms with security men in smart suits and dark glasses stationed at intervals. They entered a luxuriously padded lift and an upper floor was selected with a security card carried by Aasha. The lift entered directly into a large sitting room with a dressing table covered in jars and containers of lotions, ointments and make-up. A wet-room was attached.

The two women stripped Debbie again and took her to the wet-room and bathed her cunt and anus before sponging her breasts and perfuming her again. Then she was asked to sit on the stool at the dressing table and make-up was applied in a striking eastern style with strong eyes and lips and highly coloured nails. Shockingly, make-up and fixing powder were applied to her nipples and their areola bringing out their colour in a vivid dark purple red. As the brush was carefully applied to her breasts, the stimulation across her sensitive nipples together with the eroticism of the bold colouring made her swell and cum in front of the two women. Her deep breathing together with the barely perceptible dark stain on the silk covering of the stool when she rose gave away her secret.

Debbie, knowing that she was being prepared for something deliciously arousing, was slipping into that old familiar state of acute anticipation.

Sufficiently cleansed and cooled she was dressed in a semi-transparent flower-patterned sheer wrap that was first tied, temporarily, across her upper chest. A broad golden band was then fastened tight around her waist over the wrap and tucked up under her breasts to provide support and uplift. The wrap was untied and stretched taught over her breasts before being secured by an adjustable gold chain clasped around her neck and hooked through eyes at the top of the wrap to further lift and display her decolletage below the transparent sheer. The gap in the wrap on her left was slashed up to the gold band fully exposing her left thigh, her hips and her waist and showing a glimpse of her bum and her blond bush as she walked. Gold jewellery was added but there would be no more covering for her body and she would be bare-foot with fine gold bracelets on both ankles.

As she entered the lift again the mirrors on all three walls revealed her condition. Both the painted aureoles of her nipples and the still swollen lips of her cunt below their spare covering of blond bush were clearly visible beneath the sheer. The taut material wrapped around her uplifted breasts seemed to offer them up for display and admiration emphasizing dark painted nipples still swollen and proud in the cool conditioned air of the palace. She could not hide her arousal and would be presented to the Royal Family in this condition.

As the doors opened, she was met by Uncle Duncan who quickly eyed her from top to bottom:

"My dear you look ravishing and, may I say, you seem to have blossomed!"

Debbie coloured but said nothing.

"Aasha will now bunch up your hair and prepare you for obeisance."

A long white linen scarf was fastened around her forehead and wrapped tight around the top of her head to carefully cover every vestige of her blond hair before being clasped at the nape of her neck to maintain the snug fit. She could feel the long folds of the scarf beyond the clasp falling down across her bare back to her waist. Aasha then moved behind her to tie a delicately jewelled transparent yashmak across the top of her cheekbones just below her eyes which were the only features now visible to the viewer.

Finally, the two women moved behind her and Duncan placed her arm in his and they walked up to a pair of double doors which two security guards opened as they approached.

As they passed into the gorgeously decorated chapel, she saw about thirty personages sitting on the dais ahead of her. There were male and female members of the Royal Household including the Prince's Mother and Father seated in the centre with Rashi in traditional dress sitting next to his Father.

The Sultan addressed Duncan:

"Please present the lady for the ceremony"

Duncan whispered to Debbie to move toward the dais and kneel on the small red velvet cushioned stool directly in front of the Sultan.

As Debbie moved forward with her eyes lowered, she became aware that the Royal party were seated in a half circle with the stool at the centre. By the time she reached it she was level with the family members who were seated either side of her. She knew that the guy on her left could see it all as she knelt down. It was impossible to keep the wrap closed below the waistband. Once down she tried to stay respectable, but Aasha moved forward and gently placed Debbie's hands as if to pray and spread the wrap neatly over the stool with no thought as to Debbie's modesty.

There followed a short ceremony with intonations from a master of ceremonies in a pulpit to one side. At various times the Royal family would lower their heads in prayer and respond as appropriate to the ritual. It was soon over and once the Royal Party had departed, Aasha lifted Debbie from the stool and, with Uncle Duncan, she exited the chapel.

"Well done old girl!" whispered Duncan.

Duncan and the two women now escorted her back to the lift. On stopping at yet another floor, the doors opened to reveal a large dimly lit room with mirrors and reflections everywhere and a black velvet covered couch in the centre. Debbie took a deep breath and her senses began to heighten with both fear and excitement. She knew what was coming.

She was immediately blindfolded; her wrap was removed and she was led to the couch and instructed to kneel on her hands and knees. A female hand gently spread her thighs and all was silent. It was time for the Prince to claim her, in front of his family, as his concubine.

Trembling all over she could hear the low murmur of male and female voices in conversation and she started as a soft warm masculine hand began to gently stroke her hair and whisper in her ear:

"Stay calm my dear Deborah and do not talk."

She recognised the silken upper-class drawl of Uncle Duncan!

"Now relax and let the girls do their work -- their job is to ensure you are ready to receive the Prince -- you understand?"

Debbie nodded and prepared herself for whatever was to follow.

She felt a female hand on her back gently push her down until her breasts touched the silk covering of the couch. Her open bum now faced those who were standing behind her. A shudder shocked through her knowing that her open cunt with the inner lips now so swollen and distended and her anus, already dilating in her passion, were exposed to the Royal Family and her Uncle Duncan.

Hushed female voices and the rustling of silk was followed by warm gel moist hands gently and skilfully lubricating around her cunt and her anus. From her experience in pornography, she could sense that two pairs of hands were at work which deliciously heightened the stimulation. As Uncle Duncan continued to stroke her hair, she could feel herself opening and rising under the skilful manipulation as the fingers penetrated deeper into her and worked together in a sweet tandem. Suddenly it shocked through her like a giant wave -- porn had been nothing like this -- the shear fucking heat of her situation and the technique of the girls, together with the sense of gentle coercion and authority exercised by Duncan, gave her an orgasm of such intensity that she cried out in wild exultation.

He whispered:

"That's my girl -- let it out -- do you want more?"

She nodded desperately -- she couldn't help herself.

The women continued until she came again. She could hear murmurings of approval -- both male and female.

All was quiet as she could hear doors opening and closing. There was no more stroking or talking.

Then Rashi's familiar penis penetrated her cunt from behind very gently but very firmly - and to her absolute delight she could feel a finely ribbed metal ring at its root running backwards and forwards to agitate and stimulate her clit and encourage it to swell and attain an almost unbearable sensitivity. As the pace quickened, she effortlessly rose again and with a sharp smack on her bum they both came in a rush of passion which she found to be surprisingly satisfying after the deep come with the women. He calmed her and used his fingers on her wet open cunt to bring her to a gentler third orgasm which he extended for some time bringing her to a series of acutely delicious spasms before he withdrew.

His ejaculation directly into her vagina and his subsequent massage of her cunt seemed to her to restore the emotional connection with him for which she was grateful after the extraordinary introduction to the Palace. His handling of her indicated that he saw her pleasure as a necessary adjunct and trigger for his own enjoyment and satisfaction during this new consummation. This restored her equilibrium and she felt a little more secure as she imagined what might come later.

She could hear voices of pleasure and congratulation aimed at Rashi and the voices gradually faded away. All was quiet for several minutes before doors opened and closed and after a short pause Duncan whispered in her ear:

"An excellent start my dear -- the Prince is delighted - Mina and Aasha will now take you to your apartment. The Prince will meet you there."

The blindfold was removed and the robe covered Debbie's nakedness. She was taken through the labyrinth to a luxurious suite of rooms and prepared for bed. Her make-up was refreshed -- her body cleansed -- her hair let loose -- her skin perfumed -- her vagina oiled.

She lay on the coverlet nude and ready, bathed in candle light and surrounded by the smell of burning incense.

The Prince entered naked and erect under a gorgeously embroidered yellow robe and the two women were dismissed.

Debbie and the Prince then enjoyed each-other through the long hot night in ways that were anything but vanilla!!!

*********
