Hyde picked himself up off the floor and dusted himself off, swearing under his breath in Japanese about international portkeys and why someone really needed to come up with a better way to travel the large distances. It wasn't as if he could have just taken a plane since someone would have noticed; if nothing else the fangirls would have found out. Getting anything past the fans was becoming harder and harder so he had had no choice but to take Wizarding transportation.

He was quite happy living mostly in the Muggle world; it was fun and a lot more forward thinking than even Japanese Wizarding society, which was no where near as isolated as Britain's. The owl carrying an invitation to a Hogwarts reunion had been quite a surprise, but he wasn't about to refuse. He remembered his time at Hogwarts fondly even though he had only been there for two years for his N.E.W.T.s.. Translation charms were wonderful things and had allowed him to study as if he was a native; it was a shame he couldn't use them when doing Muggle things, but then he just had to do it the hard way.

When an invitation had arrived for a reunion for all alumni of Hogwarts for the last thirty years he had immediately accepted, in fact Megumi had made him accept. Hyde's family were purebloods where as Megumi's mother was a Muggle and her father was a Wizard and she had told him that he needed to go back and visit his roots. It had been a long time since he'd been in a purely Wizarding environment and no matter the indignity of landing on his behind when portkeying it felt good to be back. The magic in the air alone energised him with its intensity; being from magical creature stock up the genealogical line he was more sensitive to it than the average wizard.

He handed his wand to the official on duty who checked his credentials without even looking up and then he was heading towards the Apparition area. His luggage had been transported on ahead so he didn't need to worry about that, but once he had Apparated to Kings Cross it felt very strange walking back onto Platform 9 3/4 without a trunk dragging behind him. It wouldn't have been a proper reunion without arriving on the Hogwarts Express, but Hyde had to wonder how all the people on the platform were going to fit on the train. The platform was literally swarming with witches and wizards and this time none of them were parents seeing their little darlings off to school.

Observing from the sidelines, Hyde thought that some may have been spouses, but not a huge number. Considering how insular the British Wizarding world had been before the second defeat of the Dark Lord most of those married to Hogwarts students were Hogwarts students themselves, at least looking around that's what Hyde had to conclude.

Chocolate frog cards were Hyde's deep dark secret; he had started collecting them during his stay at Hogwarts and he had never stopped, importing them from the UK whenever he had the chance. He had them at home in a secret room displayed in glass cases and when he saw a familiar face from one of the cards walk past he couldn't quite help the double take he did. He had missed the big names at Hogwarts being there between all the dramas of the Dark Lord the first time around and the second time around as well, but he, like the rest of the Wizarding world, had heard all about it. Several people he had called friends had died in the second round and he had briefly considered going back when he had heard about it, but he hadn't been sure what he could have done so he'd stayed out of it. Leaving then would have dropped the band right in it.

The familiar face belonged to Ronald Weasley one of the famous Hogwarts Trio, but the man looked only like his card in as much as Hyde could tell who he was. The figure in the card was usually grinning and waving, but the real life man seemed somewhat harassed. Weasley was so tall that to Hyde the man was virtually a giant and he was reminded of a Weasley he had known quite well at School. Bill Weasley had been a couple of years below Hyde, but they had both been interested in curse breaking and had become friends even though they had been in Gryffindor and Slytherin.

There were other red heads in the crowd, but Hyde could not make out any of them from where he was; sometimes it sucked to be so short. The crowd had opened around Weasley as he walked across the platform so Hyde decided to take his chance and moved into the space that had been made. He wondered idly if the people realised the awe in which they seemed to hold the friends of Harry Potter, but he did not give it much thought since he was more interested in making the train without being crushed.

By the time he made it close to the express his fingers were itching to pull out his wand and hex people. Everyone had been terribly polite when they had noticed they were stepping on him as the crowd had closed back in, but it had been most annoying. Even more aggravating had been the witch who had recognised him of all things and gone completely insane as far as Hyde was concerned. He had not expected to meet anyone here who knew who he was beyond being an ex-student, but he had underestimated the power of the internet for Muggleborns. It seemed there was at least one jrock fan in the alumni of Hogwarts and he just prayed it really was just the one.

He had chosen a rather conservative outfit for the journey, Muggle influenced, but Wizard made, and he wondered if he had worn more tradition robes if he would have passed unnoticed. There was definitely more Muggle influence on the platform than there had been in his day, but he stood out more than he would have liked.

As he sidestepped yet another Wizard who moved back from a group without seeming to even notice him, he managed to walk directly into someone. He almost swore loudly, but his polite upbringing made it to the forefront first and he apologised before he even realised he was doing it. It didn't occur to him until after he'd done it that he'd spoken in Japanese not English since he hadn't bothered to activate the translation charms he was intending to make his life a whole lot easier at the actually reunion.

"Bloody hell," a voice said from way above him as he made sure he still had all his limbs, but the tone was not derogatory, "Hyde, is that you?"

Hyde looked up and it took him a moment since there were long scars across the man's face, but the earring and the hair filled in what was missing.

"Bichan?"

It was a nickname he had not spoken in years and one which had been a joke when he had first started working with the keen fourth year in the library, but it felt strangely like coming home as he spoke it. He found himself gathered into an almost suffocating hug before he could say anymore.

"By Merlin, you're a sight for sore eyes," Bill said as he finally released him, "I didn't think you'd be coming."

"Couldn't resist," Hyde replied, muttering the activation for the translation charm since he was pretty sure that talking to a Weasley he was going to need it.

He was sure there was a broad grin on his face, because seeing Bill brought the memories of all the good times floating to the surface, wiping away his earlier annoyance.

"Still short I see," Bill said with an answering grin; "never did find a charm to fix that then?"

Hyde gave his friend a succinct one finger salute which sent Bill into peals of laughter; the fact that Bill had mistaken him for a girl on their first meeting because of his height and slight build had been a source of amusement between them for a very long time. They exchanged letters from time to time, although nothing that could be called regular and usually they talked about curse breaking rather than their personal lives, and on every one Bill had referred to him as "Shorty". In fact Bill was one of the few people that could get away with it.

"Just because you're ridiculously tall," he said, affecting an air of disdain that even Gackt would have been proud of.

That made Bill laugh again and earned Hyde a pat on the back.

"God, it's like we're back at school," Bill said, clearly happy, "you have to come and meet the rest of the gang. The Weasleys are attending this thing en masse and we're dragging our friends with us. Unless you have plans that is."

"My only plan is not being stepped on," Hyde admitted with a rueful grin.

"It is a bit of a mêlée out here isn't it?" Bill agreed, glancing around the platform. "I'm not sure Professor McGonagall expected this many people to say yes to the invitation."

Hyde gave a non-commital shrug; when he had known the woman Professor McGonagall had been the type to be prepared for anything. It did occur to him to wonder where they were all going to be sleeping at Hogwarts though since the reunion was two days long.

The crowd was closing in again and Hyde was beginning to feel like he was at a concert where the audience was about to rush the stage.

"How's your dignity?" Bill asked as Hyde eyed the people around him and considered several jinxes.

That was an odd question and he gave Bill a frown for his trouble.

"Well I have an idea," Bill said with another grin, "but if you want a dignified entrance it's not going to work."

"I'm listening," Hyde replied, not sure where this was going and remembering the Weasley sense of humour warily.

"Remember that book that got away from us in the restricted section," Bill asked, turning to the side, "the one that could fly, and how we caught it?"

That was not an easy memory to forget; Madame Pince had almost banned them from the library because of that one and Hyde remembered it clearly. It also became obvious what Bill was suggesting.

"What the hell," he said, throwing caution to the wind, "you only live once."

With the agreement Bill turned away completely and with a whoop Hyde leapt onto his friend's back. Bill didn't react as if he weighed anything at all as he wrapped his legs around his old friend's waist and held on to Bill's shoulders. Arms looped around his legs to hold him in place and then they were off.

Two crazy wizards seemed to make people part ways just as well as awe since the sea moved out of their path quite rapidly. From on Bill's back Hyde could see much more than lost in the crowds and the congregation of redheads, near the train, towards the end of the platform was easy to spot. With Bill trotting along like he was born to be a pack horse it didn't take them long to get there and they were both laughing when the made it into the space that mysteriously existed around the group they were heading to.

Hyde almost felt embarrassed when lots of eyes all looked at him and Bill, but he was having far too much fun retreating to childhood to really care. Every single person in the group was looking at them.

"Going to introduce us, Bill?"

Since the man asking had exactly the same face as the one standing next to him, Hyde had to assume it was one of the twins whom he'd heard a great deal about, but never met.

The only one of Bill's family he knew was Charlie and they had only seen each other in passing.

"Everyone, this is Hyde," Bill said as Hyde slipped down from his vantage point, "Hyde, this is everyone."

"Thanks, Bichan," Hyde said in his best sarcastic tone, "that really helps."

"The Hyde?" the other one of the twins seemed to find this fact fascinating. "As in the Slytherin who broke you out of one of Filch's detentions by declaring his intension to court you that very moment under the magical creature laws?"

Hyde looked at Bill in surprise; when they had pulled that one Bill had sworn him to secrecy as he died of embarrassment.

"I would have carried that secret to my grave," he said with mock seriousness, "and you told people."

He had needed Bill for a piece of research they were doing and using his creature heritage had been the only thing he had been able to think of off the top of his head. Bill had let him give him a hicky for authenticity, but their relationship had never been anything but platonic.

"I got over my bashful stage," Bill replied with an unrepentant grin. "My wife thought it was hilarious when I told her; she's part Veela."

"Hello, Hyde, I'm Hermione," the young woman with bushy hair seemed to have taken pity on him; not that she needed to introduce herself since Hyde knew exactly who she was, "don't mind the barbarians; it's nice to meet you."

"Thank you," Hyde replied politely and gave a small bow, "it's nice to meet you too."

"So are you a curse breaker like Bill?" one of the twins asked dragging his attention away again.

Bill laughed at that as if he found it hilarious.

"He's too short," his friend said and Hyde hit him on the arm with the back of his hand.

"I can kick your ass any day," and gave Bill a shove to prove his point; he might have been small but having Yokai in the family tree meant he was a hell of a lot stronger than he looked.

"Don't mind my oaf of a brother," said the only red headed woman in the group, "only the idiots in the family got the tall gene. I'm Ginny. So what do you do?"

Hyde smiled at her, but he wasn't sure what to say; rock star sounded a little silly in current company.

"I'm a musician," was the reply he eventually chose. "I rebelled and went Muggle."

Which was mostly the truth; when he'd returned to Japan with every intention of becoming a curse breaker his parents had announced that they had a nice girl set up for him to marry so he'd run off and joined a band instead. His only Muggle skills had been music and art so he'd gone for the first since his parents were well known in Japanese Wizarding society. It wasn't unusual for families to arrange marriages, especially those with magical creature traits who wanted to preserve them in the line and Hyde had been having none of it.

"What he means is he's a rock star," Bill said, surprising him again for a moment, but then he realised that he had kept up with Bill's career on odd occasions as well.

"Shouldn't we be getting on the train?" he asked in attempt to shift the focus away from himself and onto something else.

"We're just waiting for Harry and Draco," Ginny said with a smile as if she recognised the diversionary tactics; "they always turn up at the last minute."

"Can you blame them," Ron said from behind his wife, "with the way Harry always gets mobbed?"

Hyde could sympathise with the rather protective tone in Bill's younger brother's voice; he knew all about crowds of fans, some of whom were less well balanced than others. He could only imagine what it must be like to be a hero as well as famous.

"We're here," said a disembodied voice from somewhere to the left and two people appeared out of nowhere.

Of course nowhere in the Wizarding world was probably an invisibility cloak of some description, but Hyde was too busy trying not to look like a ridiculous fanboy as he finally laid eyes on two of the most famous wizards in the world to really worry about how the pair had arrived. They were both dressed casually somewhere between Muggle style and Wizarding fashion, but there was just something about them that made Hyde look. He found himself with the crazy desire to reach out and touch which he squashed ruthlessly and told himself not to be so stupid.

"Let's board and find some compartments," it was Potter who spoke and no one even looked like they were about to argue, "Minerva said the train's charmed to be longer than usual, but I'd rather be at the front so we can get to the carriages quickly in Hogsmeade."

The Weasley clan plus spouses and friends all turned to the express and Hyde just followed along.

"Harry, Draco," Bill said as they waited for their turn to board, "this is Hyde, a friend from my school days. Hyde, Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy."

"I kind of gathered that," Hyde replied with a grin, and nodded in greeting to the other two men.

"You have backup against the Gryffindor menace now, Draco," Bill said cheerfully as he indicated Hyde should climb onto the train in front of him, "Hyde was maintaining Slytherin superiority amongst the lions way back in my day."

"Not a difficult task," Hyde quipped back as he mounted the steps up into the carriage, but when he glanced behind him he found that he was the subject of an intense stare from Malfoy rather than the smile he had hoped to see.

He felt a shiver run down his spine and he walked into the carriage corridor without further comment. Mafloy did not seem to like him that much, but then being as famous as Potter and Malfoy were they probably had to be very careful and Hyde couldn't really begrudge them that. He considered wandering down the train to see if he could find any other school friends and leave the group to their privacy, but Bill all but dragged him into a compartment and he found himself sitting with the Wizarding world's elite. This was turning out to be a far more interesting trip than he had expected.

====

Hyde could not help continually glancing over at where Potter and Malfoy were sitting quietly side by side while the Weasleys in the compartment held a lively debate about Quidditch teams. Ron had insisted that it was tradition and Bill had taken up the gauntlet along with the one twin who was sharing their compartment. There was something that kept attracting his attention and it was beginning to drive him crazy. The problem was, over the last half an hour since the train had left the station he had begun to develop a sinking feeling that he knew what the something was.

The fact that his particular demon ancestry had meinaishujin tendencies meant that he was a very sexual being. It also meant that there were certain people in the world he was highly compatible with, which was one of the reasons he had taken to Megumi almost instantly. The beautifully orchestrated TV appearance had not actually been set up by the show, but by his parents who had still been trying to marry him off. The moment he'd met Megumi his hormones had fallen in love and if the truth be told, it hadn't taken the rest of him long to follow.

He had a nasty feeling he was experiencing something similar now, not that it would ever be anything like he had with Megumi, because he was mated to her, but something was definitely going on. His shoulder blades were itching and that only happened when his demon heritage was in play. What the whole world thought was a tattoo on his back was in fact an indication that he was sexually mature and had found and accepted a mate. If he had been a full demon he would have had real wings, as it was he had the nice reminder and they had appeared shortly after he had started seeing Megumi.

The only other person who had ever made his wings itch was Gackt and he'd practically jumped his friend on their second meeting. Megumi knew what he was and accepted that on very rare occasions there might be times his hormones took over and she had basically told him it was okay as long as he was honest about it with her. A side effect of being mated was that he could not lie to her even if he wanted to, which was one of the reasons he'd been running as fast as possible away from his parents' choices of prospective partners, but he had never found that he even wanted to once they were together so it wasn't a problem. She had found the first incident with Gackt hilarious when he explained that they'd ended up in a storage closet.

What was even more annoying was he couldn't tell which of the men was setting him off. He was really beginning to regret sitting in the compartment as the itching spread down his spine and he found himself looking at the two men again. Sooner or later one of them was going to notice and then he had no idea what would happen because it had already been made very clear that both disliked attention.

He crossed his legs and thanked the impulse that had made him choose a long jacket as he flicked it over his lap to hide what would otherwise shortly be a very embarrassing hard on. So far that was his only obvious physical reaction and he begged the universe not to be doing this to him. The shots of arousal were becoming increasingly distracting as they ran through him and he kept willing his hormones to calm down.

The first time he'd met Gackt he'd had the same problem, but he'd managed to hold it off; this time he was having more trouble. He ripped his eyes away from the pair and stared through the glass in the compartment door and began reading the sign about no magic in the corridors. It was a very boring sign and he thought he might have gained a hold on his raging hormones as he repeated it over in his head for the sixth time, but then he made the mistake of turning back into the carriage.

His gaze met green eyes and then grey and his whole body exploded with sensation. There was no gap between impulse and action and he found himself standing before he caught himself.

"Need some air," he said, before he could do anything completely ridiculous and then he fled.

He didn't stop moving until he was at the other end of the train and then he opened the slide down window and gasped in the fresh air. His mind was spinning and his body was demanding that he head straight back the way he had come to settle this once and for all. The moment he had met both sets of eyes he had known why he was having such a problem; it wasn't one of them that was setting him off, it was both. There was something about the couple that meant he was reacting to them as if they were one, but it was a double whammy.

After a few deep breaths he managed to calm himself enough so that he wasn't about to charge back up the train, but he was all too aware he needed a release or he was going to do something stupid. His eyes fell on the toilet door and he reached for it without hesitating. Once inside he locked the door and cast a locking charm just to make sure before unzipping his pants and pushing them down.

He sank down onto the seat as he wrapped his fingers around his hard cock, fingering the head as he leant back against the wall. It was heaven and he moaned loudly before he remembered that anyone could come along outside the door. He considered putting up a muffling charm, but he did not want to stop and the idea that someone might hear was more of a turn on than a deterrent.

The need for release was thrumming through his veins so loudly that he could focus on nothing else and he stroked himself, completely caught in the act. He was a sensual being at his centre and he let himself fall into the sensations running through his body.

It would have been easy to speed up his hand and spill his seed quickly, but he knew himself far too well to be satisfied with that. He wanted the anticipation as much as the completion; needed it to satisfy the part of him that was raging out of control and he worked his cock slowly and firmly, stilling and refusing himself orgasm when he came too close to the edge. His demon side wanted the payoff, but too quickly and he knew he would just keep wanting and he needed to rebalance himself.

He could feel the pressure building, feel his body tensing in anticipation and he held himself on the edge as long as he dared. Teasing himself too much could also be problematic since his magic had reacted on more than one occasion, but he knew where the line was. In his mind he could almost see where that point was and as he felt himself coming too close to it he finally sped up his hand and reached for what he had been denying himself.

It started at the core of him and moved down through his cock and he came, his body rocked by shudders from head to toe. He had no control at all as his physical form gave in to the ultimate release and all he could do was gasp his completion to the tiny room. For a long few minutes he did not even have the energy to move and it was only a tap on the door that finally made him shift position.

"Is anyone in there?" an unfamiliar voice asked rather tentatively.

"Just a minute," Hyde replied, quickly washing his hands and then using his wand to clean up.

It took him a couple of seconds to put himself back together and then he washed his hands again for good measure before unlocking the door and stepping out. He gave the woman waiting a slight smile and then stepped out of her way. From the look she gave him he had to wonder how long she had been there, but he wandered down the corridor feeling content never the less.

====

Hyde stayed away for a little over an hour, using the time to calm himself down and bring into play strict controls on his libido that he hadn't had to employ since he had met Megumi. Only when he was sure he was in complete control did he venture back towards the carriage where he had left the others.

As he opened the door he found himself the centre of attention and he entered quickly, taking his seat again.

"Okay there, Hyde?" Bill asked from his seat on the other side of the carriage.

Hyde nodded and tried to look relaxed, but it was quite difficult to maintain his calm with the objects of his lust sitting opposite him.

"International portkeys make me queasy," he said having long since thought up an excuse, "guess the train set me off again. Sorry about the abrupt departure."

"Oh you should have said," Hermione spoke up immediately in a sympathetic tone, "Ellie has the same trouble with flooing and I always carry anti-nausea potions with me."

Hyde had to assume that Ellie was Ron and Hermione's daughter that he had heard mentioned once before his sharp exit. Hermione was already reaching into her bag and Hyde could see foul tasting potions in his future if he didn't do something about it.

"Thanks," he said quickly, "but I think the fresh air worked. Can I come back to you if it returns?"

"Of course," Hermione said with a bright smile that made him feel a little guilty about lying, "but promise me you won't suffer in silence next time."

Hyde gave her his best smile in return and made a small cross heart gesture which seemed to satisfy the young witch.

"I hate portkeys too," he was surprised to find Potter talking to him directly for the first time and he did his best to hide any awkwardness. "Are you sure you're okay, you look pale?"

"Not unusual for me," he replied, trying to make it into a joke, "it's the Yokai blood. My wife has been trying to do something about it for years, but I always end up competing for palest with the local ghost again no matter what she does."

"You're married?" Malfoy spoke for the first time and sounded surprised.

Hyde nodded and could not help thinking there was something significant about this conversation.

"Since two thousand," he replied, not sure why he was revealing details, but finding he wanted to. "My parents wanted me married as soon as I left Hogwarts, but I avoided it until they set me up with Megumi. Then I discovered that maybe they knew what they were talking about and had very good taste. Actually it was a bit like being hit on the head with a brick."

That caused a titter of laughter around the carriage, but Malfoy was still studying him carefully.

"So you have enough magical creature blood to be mated?" it was rather a personal question from the only other Slytherin in the compartment, but Hyde found himself nodding anyway.

At his answer he actually saw some of the tension leave Malfoy and his eyes flicked between the Slytherin and Potter. Something began to occur to him and the reason for his major problems became ridiculously clear. He was looking at a mated pair and he would have put money on the fact that Malfoy was Veela or something very similar. It was strange that he had not heard anything about the family since those with creature blood in their line were usually very open about it. It usually increased magical proficiency so the fact that the Malfoy's appeared to keep it hidden was a conundrum he didn't have enough pieces to solve.

The fact that Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter had come out the end of the war a couple had been big news all over the Wizarding world, but it had never been revealed how they ended up together. There had been some outlandish theories, but never an expose with the pair themselves. Hyde had the feeling a lot had occurred that no one but Potter and Malfoy and their friends knew.

What he couldn't understand was how, if it was the mating drive that had drawn them together, they had not paired up when they were at school. If the instincts had been strong enough to get over the legendry animosity between the two then it should have kicked in earlier than it obviously had. It also explained why Malfoy had been so tense around him; the other Wizard had probably sensed his problem and viewed him as a threat. Since he was mated he was no longer a rival like that which was why Malfoy had relaxed.

The atmosphere in the compartment suddenly felt a lot less tense, at least to Hyde it did.

====

The rest of the journey was uneventful; Hyde managed to keep himself firmly under control and as far as he could work out he had been the reason Potter and Malfoy had been uncommunicative, because both entered into the conversation after cards had been laid on the table. Piling off the train was similar to climbing onto it and Hyde stuck with Bill because he really didn't fancy hexing anyone before they even reached the castle.

Looking out the window of the carriage he, Bill, Ron and Hermione had co-opted, Hogwarts looked just how he remembered it, even though he knew a large part of it had been destroyed in the final battle with the Dark Lord. However it had been put back together, it had been done so no one could tell the difference.

"It's amazing isn't it," Bill said from beside him.

"The constant of Hogwarts," Hyde replied without taking his eyes off the castle.

There were many magical schools around the world, but Hogwarts was one of the oldest and was possibly the most famous. It had stood as a bastion of the light for so many years that it was known wherever there were wizards.

"They finally finished the last repairs this spring," Bill told him with a fond smile, "which is why Professor McGonagall decided to have the reunion now. Don't expect to get away without dipping your hand into your bank account."

Hyde laughed; he had always wondered if there wasn't something Slytherin about Minerva McGonagall. Using the reunion as a fundraiser was a plot that was a very nice cross between Gryffindor and Slytherin.

"I brought my credit card," he replied cheerfully as his eyes wandered over to the Quidditch pitch.

It occurred to him after a second that the reference might have been lost on pureblood wizards, but when he looked back into the carriage no one seemed confused.

The trip to the castle was not too long and soon they were disembarking in front of the main doors of Hogwarts. Hyde was so caught up in the nostalgia that he went to straighten robes he wasn't wearing and caught himself with a rueful shake of his head. There were four tables in front of the doors each with a house crest floating above it.

"Well I guess this is where we part ways for a while," Hyde said as he realised Gryffindor and Slytherin were on opposite sides of the area.

"Looks like it," Bill agreed.

"See you later then, Bichan," Hyde said as he watched other Slytherins forming an orderly queue. "Try not to get into any trouble before the party."

Bill laughed at that, but did not deny that Gryffindors were very good at finding anything interesting lurking in dark corners.

"See you, Hyde," Bill replied and gave him a friendly pat on the shoulder.

Walking over to the line of Slytherins Hyde took his time to look around and soak up the atmosphere of the place. He had always liked the feel of Hogwarts and coming back felt like putting on an old pair of jeans that fitted so well there was nothing more comfortable. He supposed he had been one of the lucky ones who had seen Hogwarts in a time of complete peace and he was glad the castle would be here for more generations.

He remembered Snape from his years at Hogwarts, but as he watched the wizard who was greeting the past Slytherins there was something very different about the man. Hyde was not sure what he had expected, but it was not quite what he found. The story of how Severus Snape had killed Albus Dumbledore because of a wizard's oath the ex-Headmaster had required of his spy was almost as well known as the story of Harry Potter's defeat of Voldemort, and Hyde had expected to see a reflection of that.

Snape, however, was not even how he remembered him, let alone twisted by the events of the war. Hyde remembered Snape as a cold man who did not smile and was fair to his Slytherins, but could turn at any moment; the Snape in front of him seemed to have thawed. The Head of Slytherin was not wearing black, but rather dark green and his hair had a liberal sprinkling of grey, but his face looked younger. After thinking about it as he waited, Hyde could come to only one conclusion; Snape looked like a man who had been released from years of imprisonment. When Snape looked up with an almost pleasant expression as he reached the front of the line he was sure hell had frozen over.

He handed over his invitation, but his head of house already had an envelope in his hands; it seemed Snape knew who he was.

"Welcome back, Mr Takarai," Snape said and passed over the envelope, "I see you are still consorting with Gryffindors."

"They're much more fun to play with, Professor," Hyde replied with a slight smile.

He could have sworn that caused Snape's eyes to twinkle with mirth, but Hyde's logical brain immediately told him that was impossible. He accepted the envelope and moved out of the way so the next person could come under Snape's eye; it was the weirdest feeling to have one of your constants in life suddenly change.

Inside the envelope were a map and a set of instructions which he began to read as he headed up the stairs to the door. It seemed that for the weekend Hogwarts had gone from being a school to being a hotel; if he remembered rightly the room that was marked as his had been part of the charms class room in his day. Keeping tight hold of the map he decided to do his best to try and find it without getting lost.

====

Hyde inspected himself in the mirror and even if he did say so himself was pleased with the result. For the party he'd chosen one of his more interesting outfits with a long flowing black coat that had lots of odd layers, a bright white poet's style shirt and black leather trousers. It wasn't as flamboyant as some of the things he wore at home, but it was close enough to robes to impress Wizards and individual enough to fulfil his sense of style.

The silver accessories were still on the bedside table and he picked them up one by one and put them on. Rings, necklace and belt chain went on easily and then he took one last look in the mirror before heading for the door. The moment he walked over the threshold he felt Flitwick's charm, which the instructions had mentioned, come into effect and he looked down to see a very tasteful silver Slytherin crest on his coat, matching his outfit perfectly.

Every room in the castle apart from the Great Hall had to be in use as a bedroom, Hyde was sure. It must have taken some seriously clever charms work to change classrooms into places to stay, but Hyde had always known Hogwarts harboured some of the best minds in the Wizarding world; that was why his parents had sent him here for his N.E.W.T.s.

He nodded to several people he recognised as he made his way into the Great Hall, but he didn't see anyone he could name. He had always been shy of people he didn't know and coming in to Hogwarts at sixth year meant he had made a couple of very good friends, but he had basically avoided everyone else. He knew people vaguely, but he had nothing to really remember them and he did not feel like trying to get to know any of them now.

Arriving early so he could assess everyone else as they came in was not a plan he was allowed to execute very often, but he was on his own here and so he ensconced himself in a corner to watch the other alumni arrive.

He spent a good twenty minutes mentally critiquing the outfits of those entering the hall and the lowest so far was minus two for a truly hideous purple contraption that the dear woman wearing it should have used as a lampshade not a dress. He really had to wonder at times about Wizarding fashion.

It was just as he was beginning to get bored of the game of 'assassinate the dress sense of fellow alumi', when the Twins made a spectacular entrance. What made it quite so entertaining was the fact that they were being chased by their sister who was casting curses after them like there was no tomorrow. Ginny was wearing a beautiful green gown, but at that moment her hair was every shade of the rainbow.

"Come here, brothers mine," she challenged as the twins did their best to find things to hide behind, "stop hiding and I'll make my revenge quick."

"It'll wear off," one twin said.

"In ten minutes, we," the other continued.

"Swear," the first finished.

All Hyde could do was laugh at the look on Ginny's face; the twins were so completely dead.

"Misters and Miss Weasley," a loud voice boomed from the back of the hall and Hyde was impressed by Snape's volume, "if you would be so kind as to hex each other to oblivion outside the main hall, thank you."

Ginny gave Snape a very interesting grin.

"Whatever you say, Professor," she said in a tone worthy of the most cunning Slytherin and then she turned on her heel and marched out the way she had come.

The twins appeared out from behind the people they had chosen as human shields and both of them looked sceptically at the door.

"Gentlemen," Snape said, clearly relishing his authority in a way that made Hyde want to laugh out loud.

"But, Professor," one of the twins said.

"You know she's waiting for us," the other finished.

"And you should have thought of that before you chose to interfere with a woman's hair," Snape replied, totally unsympathetic.

The twins looked hopefully at the staff door and Snape just pointed to the main doors. Hyde did begin laughing out loud when the twins walked to their doom and the first thing that could be heard as they exited were loud shouts of surprise.

As it was, the pair reappeared fifteen minutes later and one had lurid green hair so long that he was tripping over it, and the other was wearing a skirt and high heels. They appeared to be in good humour about the whole thing and even gave Ginny a small bow when she entered, hair completely back to normal, but Hyde decided to stay out of their way until he was sure the fallout was over.

It was shortly after that when his evening began to go down hill; if the quiet whispering hadn't been enough to tell him who had arrived then the itching over his shoulder blades would have done. He couldn't help admiring the pair even if he knew he should have been distracting himself. Potter was wearing a long black frock coat, black breeches, knee high leather boots and a deep green silk shirt; his hair looked like it had taken hours to style and he'd exchange his telltale glasses for what Hyde assumed was a temporary charm since Potter appeared to be able to see. Malfoy was in a similar outfit, but his breeches were cream, his boots brown and his shirt white, and he wore his hair in traditional pureblood style; long and free flowing.

They were gorgeous; there was no other way of putting it and Hyde could not take his eyes off them. It was also clear they were practiced in the art of socialising because they passed a few words and immediately split to say good evening to several people in the room.

After being polite for a few minutes he watched as Malfoy headed towards the refreshments and he found himself wondering what the arse under the frock coat actually looked like.

Hyde told himself to walk in the opposite direction and not go near Potter or Malfoy, but his feet seemed to have different ideas to his brain. He ended up standing behind Malfoy at the drinks table and remaining at arm's length was about the best he could do.

"Good evening," he greeted, reaching past the other Slytherin to pick up a glass of champagne.

Malfoy gave him a very appraising look and finally nodded in greeting.

"Good evening," the other Slytherin replied politely.

Most of those who had arrived so far were milling around in other places in the room, so for now he and Malfoy were alone, so he decided now was probably the best time for a quiet conversation. It needed to be done to prevent any misunderstandings and Hyde thought earlier was better than later.

"Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" he asked very quietly, taking a handful of the odd shaped pretzel type snacks that were beside the filled glasses.

Malfoy frowned at him without speaking for a while, but eventually nodded.

"If you must," was the terse reply.

"I apologise, but I think it would be best if we were clear on this," Hyde told his companion. "Are you Veela?"

Malfoy did not look pleased at all, but did give a sign of assent.

"Your family does not advertise the fact I take it," Hyde asked carefully.

"The Veela blood is so weak in the Malfoy line that there is no point in speaking of it," the younger man replied in little more than a whisper. "I am what I am because of Voldemort."

The finality of the last word was not lost on Hyde and he knew he would be given no more information on that point.

"And you are mated to Potter?" he wanted to be very sure of this.

"We were locked up together while I was unstable," Malfoy said tersely; "what Voldemort never expected was for us to be compatible. A joke on Voldemort's part ended up with us a bonded pair and free."

Malfoy was clearly uncomfortable with the topic of conversation, but seemed resigned to it.

"From your earlier attitude I can only assume you are aware that I had a reaction to the pair of you," it was the most delicate way he could think of putting it.

Another terse nod from Malfoy and a glance over to where Potter was standing talking to some people Hyde had not seen before.

"I wish to apologise for any tension I may have caused," he said carefully, "I was not expecting such a reaction and I regret my lack of control. It will not happen again."

Malfoy appeared surprised by that and the Slytherin's expression softened a little. Something seemed to have wound up Malfoy since Hyde had last seen him and Hyde was glad he had decided to speak to the younger man as Malfoy's demeanour changed. He found himself the centre of a very careful assessment and he stood there passively, understanding the instincts which were ruling Malfoy. Eventually Malfoy simply nodded.

"We are both victims of our heritage," the younger Slytherin finally said, "let's hope neither of us do anything stupid."

"I'll drink to that," Hyde replied and lifted his glass in a toast and then with a small nod he turned and walked away.

Now all he had to do was find something else to hold his attention until he could escape.

End of Part 1