The Club 
by Story Guy 

Chapter 21

The next afternoon Marsha sat at the edge of Meg's property trying to muster the courage to go to the door. All the reasons why not to kept running through her head, but after about 15 minutes she stood and headed toward the house. She was still nervous and unsure, but knew if she didn't knock on the door nothing would happen. 

She softly knocked. After a few moments with no answer she was going to knock again feeling she had knocked to softly for anyone to hear. Suddenly the door opened making her jump. It was Mark! "Um... Hi," she muttered. She hadn't expected him to answer the door for some reason. 

"Hi, Marsha," he beamed. "What brings you here? ...not that I'm complaining." 

"Um... Your sister... Ah... She said to come over..." Marsha stammered. 

Mark then realized why she was there. "Um... She's in her room. I'll get her," he said, now feeling like a fool for not remembering. He turned, started away, then turned back. "Come on in. I'll show you where her room is." 

He held the door and she walked in, pausing for him to take the lead, then followed him. Meg's door was closed, so he knocked. "Marsha's here to see you." 

"Hi, Marsha," Meg greeted as she opened the door. "Come on in!" She walked into the room and Meg closed her door once more, leaving Mark awkwardly standing in the hallway. Not sure what he should do, he headed toward his room, but Meg's door opened again. "Mark, can we use your room in the barn?" Meg asked. 

"Yeah... Sure..." Mark mumbled as he continued toward his room. 

"Thanks! Can you get a bucket of hot water for us? Tell mom you're going to water the chickens or something, but make sure the bucket is clean," requested Meg. 

"OK," Mark agreed as the two girls started down the stairs. Mark went into the porch, chose what looked like the cleanest bucket, washed it out in the sink, then filled it with hot water. Fortunately he wasn't seen. He couldn't imagine how he would explain using hot water for the chickens. 

It only took a few minutes until Mark was climbing the ladder to his loft room. He walked in to see Meg and Marsha spreading a blanket over a hay bail they had dragged into the middle of the room. "Put the bucket here," Meg told him indicating a spot next to the bail. 

Mark placed the bucket where Meg wanted it. For a few moments, the three just stood there before Meg spoke. "You gonna just stand there? Some privacy would be nice." 

"It's OK. I don't mind if he stays," Marsha blurted before thinking. 

"Well, if you don't mind dropping your pants in front of him, I don't care either," Meg commented. 

"It's not like he hasn't seen me already," Marsha rationalized. In truth, she liked Mark seeing her, but would never admit that to Meg. Suddenly she became uneasy though. Mark seeing was one thing, but Meg watching her show Mark was something else. 

"I guess... Well, take your pants off so we can get started," Meg suggested as she opened the small case she had with her. Marsha slowly undid her shorts and let them drop, stepping out of them, but then hesitated. "Um... You need to take your panties off too. Kinda hard to cut hair if it's covered," Meg laughed. 

"I know," Marsha nervously giggled as she hooked her thumbs into her waistband. She now wished she hadn't opened her mouth, but, of course, it was too late now. While she still had a bit of courage left, she pushed her panties down, but modestly brought her hands together in front of her. 

"OK, lay down on the blanket and I'll get started. Do you want just a trim or all the way?" Marsha just shrugged as she lay down on the bail keeping her legs together. "Put your legs on either side so I can trim. How about we do it all the way? It... um... looks like you've never trimmed. If you don't like it you can let it grow out," Meg added. 

Marsha blushed slightly as she parted her legs. Meg took a pair of scissors and began to clip Marsha's full bush. At first Marsha just stared at the ceiling, but then looked over at Mark. He was watching intently. She wondered what it would feel like to have no hair. It had been a long time... 

Meg quickly trimmed the hair close, then mumbled, "Now comes the fun part," as she wet her hand, wet Marsha's pussy, then squirted some shaving cream on it. After spreading the shaving cream around, she told Marsha to open her legs as wide as she could. 

Marsha giggled as she opened for Meg. It looked like she had a white foam bikini on. Meg carefully ran the razor across, rinsed it, re-spread the shaving cream, then re-shaved. Marsha watched closely as Meg shaved. What was once hairy was becoming smooth skin again. 

She looked up at Mark again. He was watching everything. Glancing down made her smile. He had an obvious erection. It was because of her. In her mind she imagined what it would look like. The distraction caused her to loose track of time. She thought she could see his cock pulsate occasionally as she watched. 

"Done!" Meg announced as she took a washcloth and rinsed away the remaining traces of shaving cream. She grinned as she handed Mark a jar. "Spread some of this cream on her." 

Mark, without thinking, took the jar. His mind was still mesmerized by the sight of Marsha getting her pussy shaved. He removed the cap, scooped up some cream, and began to rub it onto her newly shaved pussy. "That feels good," she whispered. 

He suddenly realized not what he was doing, but the fact his sister was watching him do it, so stopped. He looked up at Meg as she asked, "Like it?" He nodded. "Not you, stupid. Do you like it, Marsha?" 

"Yeah... It feels weird though. It sorta makes me feel like a little girl with no hair down there, but I like the way it looks. Do you like it?" Marsha answered. 

"I do! It looks neat!" gushed Meg, admiring her work. 

"Oh? Let's do you too!" Marsha suggested. A shocked look came over Meg's face and her jaw dropped. "I just did it and he's already seen you. What's the big deal? You said you liked it..." Again Meg hesitated and looked over at Mark. "He's seen you at the club and at home too," Marsha began, then realized she wasn't supposed to know about Mark's and Meg's other activities. Continuing, hoping Meg wouldn't pick up on what she said, added, "You said you liked it. Come on... It will be fun. If you're worried about Mark seeing you, I bet he'll let us see him too, if you want." 

"No, that's OK..." Meg muttered, embarrassed about Mark showing himself to her in front of Marsha. Realizing she had backed herself into a corner, Meg reached for the waistband of her shorts. "This is just between us, OK? You won't tell anyone?" she questioned as she pushed her shorts and panties down to the floor and stepped out of them. 

"No one will ever know, but they'll see you have no hair. They won't know we did it though," Marsha reassured. Meg took her place on the hay bale. "Bald?" Marsha giggled. 

"Yeah... Why not!" laughed Meg. 

Marsha immediately started working while Mark watched. In front of him were two pantless girls and their affect on him was obvious. His cock strained at the pants that held it prisoner. He was tempted to "remedy" the situation, but wasn't sure how the girls would react. 

Meg was already trimmed, so shaving her took no time at all. Marsha sat back and admired her work. "Well, what do you think?" she asked Meg. 

"You're right. It does feel weird, but I think I like it. You like it, Mark?" she grinned. Mark looked like the proverbial Cheshire Cat as his head bobbed in approval. Meg stood and motioned for Marsha to stand next to her. Both smiled as Mark starred at two bald pussies. 

"Oh, shit!" Marsha gasped as she looked at her watch. "I'm supposed to be home in five minutes and no way can I make it that fast," she exclaimed as she grabbed for her panties and shorts, quickly slipping them on. 

"Want me to walk with you?" Mark offered. 

"I'd love it, but that would just make me later," Marsha gushed. "I'd better just go alone. Maybe next time," she added as she started down the ladder and quickly left. 

"You really like it?" Meg asked, still naked from the waist down. Mark just grinned as he nodded. "Not me with no pants, stupid. Do you like me with no hair down there?" 

"Yeah, I do. It's different, but I do like it," he complimented, making Meg smile. 

"It makes me horny," Meg blushed. "It looks like you're a little horny too. I know you and Marsha are kinda a thing now, but do you want to do it with me? Well, not really do it with me, but watch me do me while you do you?" 

He needed no encouragement. As his pants and underwear hit the floor, finally freeing their captive, Meg sat down on the hay bale and opened her legs. Both had their eyes glued on the other's sex as each coaxed their own climax. It seemed like only seconds before cum erupted from Mark's cock seemingly triggering Megs climax. 

For the next few minutes both remained still and quiet, just looking at the other's crotch as their bodies settled back to a normal state. "Wow! I really needed that!" Meg finally laughed. 


Chapter 22 

It was only a few days later that the club was meeting. Mark and Meg left their house and met with Marsha to walk to the clubhouse. Mark and Marsha were getting more serious and largely ignored Meg as they walked. Once they arrived, Meg left the couple and went to talk to the others there. 

Meg was chatting with a couple of other girls when Ron tapped her on the shoulder. "Can I talk to you for a sec.?" he whispered before moving a short distance away. Meg excused herself and walked over to him. "Take a walk?" he asked. Meg nodded and walked into the woods with him. 

"You know... You're different from the others to me. They're just girls, You're more," Ron began. 

"I feel kinda the same..." confessed Meg, slightly blushing. 

Ron stopped. They were out of sight from the others now. He turned and kissed Meg. She was thrilled. Naturally she returned the kiss and he began to feel her body as they continued kissing. 

Meg's body began to react. When Rod tugged her top up, Meg just lifted her arms letting him pull it off. Her shorts were next as Ron undid them and they puddled at her ankles and quickly covered as her panties fell on top of them. Meg, carried away with the moment, just stepped out of them. 

For a moment Meg stood, naked, before Ron then he eased her to the ground and ended up kneeling between her outstretched legs. Her chest heaved as he undid his pants. "I want you..." he muttered as he pushed his pants and underwear to his thighs, releasing his already stiff cock. 

Slowly Ron eased himself down between her legs. Meg gasped as Ron's cock entered her pussy. He wasted no time and started pumping in and out of her immediately. Meg's climb had just started when Ron stiffened and then plunged hard into her. He climaxed. 

For a few minutes both stayed still, his cock still buried inside her. Finally he stood back up on his knees pulling out of her as he did. He pulled his pants back up then sat back. Meg suddenly began to feel awkward. "Can you pass me my clothes?" she asked. He looked around, spotted them and grabbed them, then held out her top and shorts, which she took. "My panties?" she requested. 

"Can I keep them? ...to remember you by," he grinned. She thought for a moment and then shrugged as she nodded. He stuffed them into his pocket. "Some of the girls are a little resentful of Marsha because of your brother. I don't want them to resent you. I'll leave now. You come in about 5 minutes, OK?" 

Meg watched in amazement as Ron stood up and walked away from her. Slowly she dressed, sans panties, of course. She sat for a few more minutes trying to understand what had just happened. Feeling she had waited long enough, Meg stood and walked back to the clubhouse. 

The only ones there were Mark and Marsha talking together, Mish and Sue talking together, and Rita standing alone. "Hi!" she greeted as she walked up to Rita. 

"Hi. Where were you?" Rita replied. 

"Um... I had to pee," Meg lied. "Where is everyone?" 

"Everyone's here. Well... Except for Ron and Gail. They just walked off into the woods. My guess is they're doing the deed. Gail thinks he likes her," Rita giggled. 

Meg wanted to ask for more details, but Rita was already on a different subject and chatting away. Meg was hardly listening. About 10 minutes later Gail appeared. She was slightly flushed and somewhat untidy, not like her. "So... How was it?" Rita grinned. 

"How was what?" Gail snapped defensively. 

"I know you got laid... Still in love?" teased Rita. Gail began to play innocent and deny everything. "Um... Is that your yellow panties Ron is holding?" Rita grinned. Gail and Meg both looked as Ron, who was talking to Mish, Held up a pair of yellow panties. Gail turned bright red and turned away. Meg continued to watch is disbelief as Ron pulled another pair of panties out of his pocket, a red pair, then Meg's blue pair. 

Meg was devastated, angry, jealous, and confused. She realized she was just being used by Ron. "I gotta go," she muttered as she quickly started walking away and then broke into a run. 

Mark saw her run past and took off after her followed by Marsha. He caught up to her just before she was out of sight of the clubhouse. "What's wrong?" he asked. 

"Look at what Ron's holding!" Meg blurted. 

Both Mark and Marsha turned to look at Ron, but didn't see him holding anything. When they turned, Meg stormed off. Mark and Marsha once again chased after her, both positioning themselves in front of the path she was heading down. "What's going on?" Mark asked again. 

"Didn't you see what Ron was holding?" Meg blurted. Both shook their heads. Meg, now exasperated, Unsnapped her shorts, pulled down the zipper, and let them open. "Notice anything missing?" 

Both Mark and Marsha looked puzzled. "You have no hair, but we already knew that," commented Marsha. "What were we supposed to see Ron holding?" 

"You didn't see..." sighed Meg. "He has three pairs of panties, one of them mine. I thought he liked me. Instead he's just collecting girls' panties." 

"That son-of-a-bitch!" Mark blurted as he started back towards the clubhouse. 

"NO!" both girls blurted as they grabbed him. It took some time, but the girls finally got Mark settled. Slowly they began walking away from the clubhouse in silence. 

Some minutes had past when Meg sighed, "I wanted to go swimming. It's so hot out." 

"I know where we can go," smiled Marsha as she took the lead heading off their usual path. After a few minutes they came upon a small brook. "This is it. It's not big, but over a foot deep here. It's really cold though; spring fed," Marsha explained. 

"Well, we can't really swim here..." Meg commented, but really wanted to say she didn't know how to react about getting naked in front of her brother with Marsha there. 

"We can still cool off," countered Marsha. Meg shrugged. Marsha and Mark whispered together a bit and then Marsha continued. "Look, we've all seen each other a lot of times. I know you've seen your brother and he's seen you and... well... anyway... I don't mind. I'm not worried about you. I know you two are close." 

For a moment there was stillness and silence. Mark and Marsha both pulled there tees off at the same time. Meg, still unsure, hesitated. Marsha's shorts dropped as did Mark's. Being the only one still completely dressed made Meg feel more awkward than being naked with her brother and his girlfriend, so she also undressed. 

Marsha was the first one in the water. "Oh! This feels good!" she explained as she sat down in the middle of the small stream which came up to her shoulders. 

Meg was the second one in and she sat next to Marsha. "You coming in or are you going to wimp out?" she called to Mark. 

Mark stepped into the water and couldn't believe how cold it felt. He hesitated and the girls began taunting him again. Mark had no choice now, at least if he was going to save face. On impulse he just jumped to the center of the stream, which almost took his breath away. To cover himself, he sort of frolicked in the water, pretending to enjoy it even though he was freezing. 

Fortunately for Mark the girls didn't spend much time in the water. Instead they moved to the grass at the edge and watched him show off before he noticed they were already out. Naturally, once he did notice, he walked out too. 

Both girls were giggling and whispering to each other as Mark walked out of the water. "What's so funny?" he asked evoking laughter from both. 

"You look like a little boy!" blurted Meg. Mark looked at her confused. "It's all shrunk up!" 

Mark looked down now realizing what they were talking about. "Um... That's what happens to guys in cold water," he blushed. 

Marsha, feeling sorry for him, made an offer. "I can fix that. Come here." She patted the ground next to her. Mark went over and sat where she indicated. Marsha placed her hand on his chest and pushed slightly to get him to lay down. "Do you mind if I help him?" she whispered to Meg, who shook her head. 

What happened next surprised even Meg. Marsha bent down and took Mark's cock in her mouth. It didn't take long for Mark's cock to go from "little boy" to hard and stiff. Marsha was also between Meg and Mark and she twisted around when she bent down ending up crouched on her knees with her ass towards Meg. It made her ass cheeks spread, displaying her asshole and also her pussy lips protruded between her legs. 

Meg, of course, knew what a pussy looked like, but for some reason Marsha's pussy seemed to be calling out to her begging to be touched. Meg had never done something like that to another girl, except when she shaved Marsha, but strangely she felt urged to touch now. Nervously her hand reached out, but stopped almost touching Marsha. She thought about forgetting it, but something seemed to be driving her. Tentatively she ran a finger, very lightly, along Marsha's slit. 

Her hand snapped beck when Marsha moved and Meg's face turned red with embarrassment. She almost knew Marsha would turn and say something, but instead Marsha parted her legs some, again sort of inviting Meg. There was no sign of her turning as she continued blowing Mark. 

Again Meg reached out. As her finger once more slid along Marsha's slit, something unexpected happened. Marsha bent her back pushing her pussy towards Meg. Meg began rubbing with more confidence now. She was surprised at how wet and slippery Marsha was. Slowly she pushed her finger into Marsha's now drooling hole. At the same time Marsha seemed to be pushing back even harder. 

"I'm gonna cum!" Mark blurted. 

Meg pulled her hand from Marsha and Marsha seemed to concentrate on Mark. A few moments later Marsha sat up. Mark's cock was now soft. Meg was still a bit nervous and wasn't sure how to act after what she had just done. Marsha turned and stared and Meg almost expressionless, making Meg feel awkward. 

A smile suddenly appeared on Marsha's face. "That was fun..." she said softly looking directly at Meg. 

"Yeah," Mark answered still in a daze. Meg looked at Marsha and smiled. She knew what was really said. 


Chapter 23 

For the next few minutes, the three friends just lay there motionless, except for Marsha's fingers. Slowly and gently she explored Mark's balls. Mark's eyes were closed as he enjoyed the sensations being produced. She wasn't trying to make him cum, but just learning how he felt. 

Marsha's learning quickly dissipated and her lust returned. Although she had endured a lot of stimulation, she had not received any relief yet and desperately needed some. Mark had just climaxed and, in his present state, didn't offer much hope of satisfaction. She remembered Meg's touch and how good it felt though. 

Meg was just laying still next to Marsha. She noticed Marsha's head move out of the corner of her eye and turned her's to face her. Marsha didn't say anything, but just smiled at her. She then stood on her knees, turned to face Mark, and bent down, turning her ass toward Meg. As she did, she parted her legs as she had before, displaying her pussy again. 

Meg sat up at the same time Marsha's head went into Mark's crotch. For a moment she just stared at Marsha's sex, not sure what to do. Unexpectedly Marsha's hand went back and, after fishing around for a moment, grabbed Meg's hand. Much to Meg's surprise, Marsha guided her hand to her ass and then between her outstretched legs. 

Marsha was inviting Meg to touch her again. Tentatively Meg began to slide her hand along Marsha's wet slit. Marsha pushed against the hand rubbing her. As she did, she turned her head, looked at Meg, and smiled. As quickly as she had looked back, Marsha turned again, lowering her face to Mark's cock again. 

Meg immediately realized what Marsha wanted. Meg had also often wondered what it would be like to touch another girl and she was finding out now. It was a different feeling than with boys, but also fun and it excited her. She became more confident. 

As she rolled Mark's still soft cock in her mouth, Marsha felt her pussy begin to react to Meg's fingers. Meg was doing about the same thing Marsha did to herself, but this was strangely different and somehow felt better. Her body was reacting as she pushed back and down for Meg, encouraging her to continue. Marsha's hips joined in, rocking, slowly at first, as Meg rubbed. 

Almost reading Marsha's mind, Meg's finger pushed into her, making Marsha slightly gasp. It made Meg smile, knowing she was having an affect on the girl. It was empowering to have such an affect. As her fingers worked on Marsha and she saw Marsha's body reacting, it made her even more horny. First she wanted to climax Marsha though. 

Meg worked Marsha's pussy the same way she would have worked her own, hoping it was having the same result as she felt. It seemed to be the right thing to do. Marsha would push back hard, then rock, then push again. Suddenly Marsha stopped moving. Meg, hoping she was right, pushed two fingers into Marsha's pussy. She felt her pussy begin to spasm and knew Marsha was climaxing. 

Marsha stopped blowing Mark, but continued to hold Mark's cock in her mouth. Eventually she let his still stiff member go, reclined next to him, and began whispering. After a brief conversation, which Meg couldn't hear, he nodded. Marsha sat up, turned, and looked at Meg. "Your turn," Marsha grinned. 

"Huh???" Meg blurted. "Um... No... I'm good." 

Marsha plunged her hand between Meg's legs. She was sopping wet. "You're lying," she giggled. "Look, I know you two do stuff. I'm OK with it. Um... It would be fun to see you get laid by him. I got him hard for you. Go sit on it." Meg hesitated. Marsha took Meg's hand, encouraging her to sit up, then tried leading her around to Mark. "Well, go for it," Marsha whispered to Meg. 

Meg slowly crawled around to the other side of Marsha to Mark. He didn't move, just smiled. "You sure it's OK? You're OK with us doing stuff?" Meg questioned. Marsha nodded enthusiastically. 

Again Meg hesitated. Marsha had been right about her being horny. She was super horny at this point, but still a little unsure about Marsha not minding. Marsha touched Meg's arm, once more urging her. It eased Meg enough that she crawled up onto her brother straddling him. 

Marsha smiled and grabbed Mark's cock, aiming it up so Meg could lower on it. No further encouragement was needed and Meg lowered herself down. She gasped as his dick parted her lower lips and easily slid into her. As he bottomed out, she almost climaxed with all the previous stimulation she had endured. 

Mark pushed up hard and it was all Meg needed. Her face twisted as her long awaited explosion finally happened. Her body took over her movements. She bounced up and down rapidly, then would stop, then bounce again, as her climax continued. She needed this. 

After what seemed to be hours, Meg's climax ebbed. With renewed energy, she leaned forward and began pumping, starting slowly. Marsha moved behind Meg. Her eyes widened as she watched Mark's cock come out of Meg and then disappear back into her. Marsha's pussy began to drool again. 

Meg felt her fire begin to grow again and her pace quickened. In no time she was slamming down on the hard cock piercing her pussy. "OH!" she cried out as another climax hit. Her eyes closed and her body began to weaken, but Mark began to pick up her pace, pushing up so hard her ass was shaking. 

Marsha's hand went to her pussy as she watched Mark's now shiny erection barging into Meg. Suddenly he grunted and, at the same time, pushed up so hard it almost knocked Meg off of him. Meg ground down upon him. Both stayed still for a moment and Marsha realized both were climaxing now. After a few moments Meg collapsed down upon Mark exhausted. 

For a few minuted the pair just lay there, but finally Meg rolled off of him, ending up on her back beside him. Marsha was surprised to see Mark still somewhat hard. He had obviously climaxed evident by his cum beginning to leak out of Meg. 

"Is that cum for me?" Marsha grinned at Meg. She moved over to Meg, who parted her legs to allow Marsha to kneel between them, but said nothing. 

Marsha tentatively leaned down while watching Meg for a reaction. Seeing none, she stuck her tongue out and lightly ran is along Meg's slit. She could taste Mark's cum. Again she looked up at Meg. Meg said nothing as before, but did smile and seemed to open her legs ever so slightly. 

Marsha returned to Meg's pussy, gently lapping the cum as it dribbled out of her. Mark sat up so he could watch. His semi hard cock stiffened as he did. The flow of cum began to slow as Marsha licked. Meg started to move her hips slightly. 

Mark again moved, this time to a position behind Marsha. His hand reached out and went between her legs, sliding down her slit and up her ass crack. Marsha stopped licking for a moment and turned her head, smiling at Mark. Her legs parted more and then she turned back to Meg's pussy. 

Meg's legs opened more for Marsha. Marsha's tongue glided along Meg's slit, her upper thighs, and even her lower belly. She noticed Meg's breathing becoming deeper. 

Meg closed her eyes, concentrating on the sensations between her legs. Marsha's tongue was producing strange feelings. She knew those feelings, but it seemed different. Meg gasped when Marsha's mouth found her clit. It was almost like an electric jolt going through her entire body. Her climax was building quickly. 

Behind Marsha, Mark's hand caressed between her legs, going from her pussy, to her ass, then back to her pussy. He was spreading her wetness around. Marsha realized she was about to get fucked, but at this point didn't know how. Her fire was burning brightly and she really didn't care where, she just wanted to cum. 

Marsha felt Mark's cock slide along her pussy. Again she parted her legs more, hoping he would enter her soon. She grunted as his cock suddenly rammed into her ass. It hurt, but somehow it was a good hurt. He began pistoning before she even had time to adjust, making it hurt even more, but strangely turning her on more at the same time. 

Fortunately her body quickly adjusted to the intrusion. Her hips instinctively picked up his rhythm and, when he pushed, she did too. Unconsciously her mouth also picked up the rhythm and all three began that escalation to climax. Mark reached around and started both fingering her pussy and bumping her clit. 

Marsha was the first to climax. Mark's cock was pounding into her ass and as his finger pushed into her pussy she erupted in ecstasy. She momentarily stopped licking as waves of pleasure washed over her. Marsha quickly regained her composure even though she was still climaxing. 

It only took a couple of more licks before Meg climaxed. It was her third climax and her pussy immediately became super sensitive. She pushed Marsha away and eased off her peak. It was only then that she realized Mark was fucking Marsha's ass. 

Mark finally pushed in hard and filled Marsha with his cum. Marsha and Mark slumped to the ground at the same time. For a few minutes, no one moved or spoke. They all laughed when both Meg and Marsha said, "I'm sore" almost in unison. 
