Wrap Skirts
by TomCollins 

I always had a thing for wrap skirts. I guess it’s the ease in which they come off that gets me. Just pull the string and OOPS. So after reading about Melanie I thought I’d share a story that is based on real events. Sue didn’t give me all the details that night. I’ll tell you that at the later. I did take some liberties to keep it interesting though:

Chapter 1

Back in the early 80’s I shared an apartment with my girl friend Sue. She was about 5’4″, 160lbs. Long dark hair. On the chunky side but still attractive . She got a wrap skirt for Christmas. Sue loved it, holding it up for me to see. It was modest, almost knee length, Red, with a linen type fabric. Two strings, one on each side, tied together was all that held it on. It fit and looked good on her so she wore it a lot.

Sue worked second shift at one of those places that made circuit boards. Sitting at a work bench all night was boring work but at the time it was all she could get. Her work hours were strange though. She worked 6pm -2am. And it was because of those hours that Sue had a hard time staying awake. She complained to me more than once that she was dozing off while sitting there. And this was bringing her a lot of grief too. Not from her boss, it was her co-workers. She worked with eight guys, all in their 20’s – 30’s. The guys would prank her when ever she dosed off. This one guy Bruce was the worst. He’d catch her asleep and scare the day lights out of her. Make a loud noise right behind her. Startle her right off her stool. Another time they dumper her coffee all over her work bench. She was such easy target. It never stopped. All the guys would crack up.

Joe and Mike worked at a bench directly across facing Sue, and Bruce’s bench was directly behind her also facing Joe and Mike. So the guys would let Bruce know when to strike. The other thing that Joe and Mike liked about working across from Sue was that when she’d fall asleep her legs would fall open giving them a great panty shot. Then when Bruce woke her, Sues legs would instinctively fly open giving the boys an even better view. Sue shrugged it off as boys playing childish pranks So she never complained to the supervisor. Besides, what was going to say? Excuse me Mr. Ellsworth, the guys just scared the crap of me while I was sleeping? As long as the production kept going, he didn’t care we they did.

Well eventually the guys got bored and needed a new way to mess with Sue. It was Joe that thought of it. And of course Bruce loved the idea. When Sue falls asleep, we’ll untie the strings holding her skirt on. When she gets up, the skirt will fall down. So it was Bruce that snuck up behind Sue and gently pulled the strings loosening the skirt. They were all so excited. Even the guys working down the back of the shop came up to watch. Now all they had to do was wake Sue up. Nothing too loud just enough to wake her. Well it was a good plan, and almost worked. What the guys didn’t know was the linen material of the skirt would cling together so as she walked, it only dropped to the bottom of her ass before she caught it. Sue ran to the ladies room red face holding her skirt up. Although it wasn’t a complete success the guys did get a good look at Sues pink flowered granny panties as she ran by. The guys were laughing and cheering as she tried to hold her skirt up and run at the same time.

The noise was loud enough for Mr. Ellsworth to leave his office and see what all the commotion was. As Mr. Ellsworth was walking toward the production floor he saw Sue running in the opposite direction straight at him. Her skirt seemed to be falling off and he could see her underwear as she ran by. Now he was just as much curious as mad. By the time he got to the production area he was pissed. What the hell is going on here Mr. Ellsworth yelled. What’s all the noise about. Were sorry sir. It was Mike that spoke up. You see Sue was just showing us her new skirt. She took it off and held it up to show us how it wrapped around her. She did what? Now it was Bruce’s turn to speak up. That’s right Mr. Ellsworth. That’s all she kept talking about all night. Her dammed new skirt. We were all shocked when she took it off. Weren’t we guys? The other guys caught on to what was happening and quickly agreed. Even the guys from the back, Pete, Ralf and Henry were nodding there head in agreement. Mr. Ellsworth shook is head. He couldn’t believe it. He walked away thinking what the hell got into that girl. I’ll have to have a talk with her later.

In the mean time Sue was in the ladies room crying her eyes out. How did this happen. She looked at the strings that held the skirt on. They looked ok? Mr. Ellsworth must thing I’m crazy or something. Maybe they just came loose while I was sleeping? All the guys got to see my panties though. Well they cover more than my bathing suit does she thought. Convincing herself it was a simple accident and not the work of her coworkers she fixed her make up, checked the tie strings and went back to work.

As Sue was walking down the hall she had to pass right by Mr. Ellsworth’s office. The door was open so she tried to hurry by but then heard Mr. Ellsworth’s voice. Susan. I’s like to see you right now. Feeling the dread of getting yelled at or fired, Sue walked into Mr. Ellsworth’s office and stood before him. Have a seat Susan. Now can you explain to me what happened out there? Why were you running down the hall way with no clothes on? Sue was about to start crying but finally found her voice. I’m really sorry about that sir. See this is a new skirt. Yea I heard all about your dam skirt Mr. Ellsworth interrupted. All the boys told me about you showing off. Now Sue didn’t know what the guys said, so she assumed that they just told him she was talking about it. You see sir, I had kind of a wardrobe malfunction. That not what I heard. The boys all said you took your skirt off and waved it around like it was a flag or something. Sue couldn’t speak uumm you see it came untied and started to fall off as I was walking to the ladies room so I had to hold it up. Well you looked like streaker to me said Mr Ellsworth. Running down the hall half dressed. Mr Ellsworth wanted no part of Sues lame excuse. Is that what you like to do Susan. Show off your body, show everyone your underwear. Um no sir. Well why did you take your skirt off. Well you see sir it. He cut her off. That’s enough said Mr Elleworth. You want to run around in your underwear? Well that’s just fine by me. From now on you can work in your underwear. You will strip when you come through the door.


Chapter 2

Sue was in shock. She couldn’t even reply, just a mumbled yes sir. Then got up and walked out the door. Dan, (Mr. Ellsworth) just shook his head. As he watched her leave he thought, That girl’s a few fries short of a Happy Meal. She looked like a zombie walking down the hall. Staring straight ahead, on auto pilot. By the time she got to her work area She had already made the decision. Left with rent to pay, a new car payment. And her boyfriend would kill her. Not to mention the job market was bad at the moment. She couldn’t loose this job. But can she really do this, strip down to her underwear in front of all these guys? Sit there for eight hours working almost naked. The guys making fun of me the whole time? Laughing to herself she thought, well the building was always hot as hell so at least I’ll be comfortable. As the gears were turning in her mind, Sue was weighting her options. Ok so, my underwear covers a lot more than a bathing suit right? What’s the big deal? Answering her own question, because stupid. People aren’t supposed to see you in your underwear. Other than the occasional razzing the guys gave Sue, they pretty much ignored her. I bet this will get their attention. A smirk came to Sues face. Decision made. Sue walked confidently right up to her work bench, pulled off her top, folded it, and put it down on the bench. Next she untied her skirt, folded it and placed it on top of her shirt. The guys sat there slack jawed .It was Mike that spoke up first. WWWOOOO what the fuck are you doing. Well guys I guess it’s show time. Bruce said Hey I guess we have our own little stripper. Sue shouldn’t you be standing on the bench not sitting down? Yea come on let us see you dance Pete was saying. Great now they’ll never leave me alone Sue though. It was Mike from across the aisle, if we knew you wanted to strip for us we would taken you skirt a long time ago. More loud laughter. Now Sue was furious. So it was them that started all of this. Thanks a lot guys she yelled. You’re the reason I’m dressed like this. Mr. Ellsworth thinks I want to walk around in my underwear. Sue flipped them the bird and sat down. But the chants of take it off take it off started again. Sue said, sorry guys the shows over. Then like nothing ever happened she started working again.

Well the guys had no intention on stopping, this was too good. Unfortunately the cat calls, hooting, and hollering got louder and here comes Mr. Ellsworth storming down the hall. He stepped through the door into the production room scanning all the benches and froze when he got to Sue. He started to open his mouth to say something and froze. He looked at her sitting there in her bra and panties working like it was nothing. Finally Mr. Ellsworth found his voice. Susan what’s the meaning of this? Didn’t we just have this conversation? Sue looked at him and said you’re the one who told me to work in my underwear! BING the light went off in his head. You know like when a cartoon character gets an idea. Now Mr. Ellsworth is thinking, she actually thought I was serious. As if I was telling her she had to work like this. Dan paused, thought, ok if she’s that dumb let her work in her underwear. OK Susan, you just keep working. Looking around the room, And gentlemen, no more noise down here from any of you. Back to work. All of a sudden their were eight people with their heads down working. Mr. Ellsworth walked back to his office smiling. He thought, this could be a good thing.

The shop was quiet, except for the sound of people working. This went on for a while but boys will be boys. Every guy in the room is straining to get a look at Sue. Mike elbowed Ralf, nice rack huh? Ssshhhh. Ralf said do want old man Ellsworth coming back here? Sue looked up when she heard his comment.Things went smoothly for a little while before the jokes started yet again. Quiet little innuendos, boyish jokes things like that. Then some one placed a one dollar bill on the right side of Sue’s bench. Sue looked up to see Bruce running back to his work bench. She turned around on her stool. Now giving the other guys a great view of her ass. And what the hell is this for she asked. Bruce said, well it’s customary to tip a stripper when she takes her clothes off . I am not a stripper and this was certainly wasn’t my idea to work in my underwear. Pete asked You mean Old man Ellsworth is making you work like that? But it was Ronnie that caught Sues mistake. I heard Mr. Ellisworth say she wanted to work in her underwear. So which is it? You think I like this? Sitting here with you perverts drooling? Sue said. Hell If I had planned this I certainly would’ve have worn better underwear. Bruce perked up OH? Do tell. Sue turned around and ask Bruce, why you wanna borrow some? This got the guys laughing again. When she turned back Sue was startled to find Pete standing almost in front of her. And what the hell do you want? Came back to gawk some more You perv. No I came to ask Mike a question as a matter of fact. He knew he was caught and expected Mike to help him out. Mike looked up and said no you weren’t. Ralf cupped his hands to his mouth and yelled busted. Everyone laughed. Even Sue.

Sue could not believe she was actually getting used to sitting here in her underwear, and enjoy it. Six Hours ago she couldn’t stand these guys. She thought, what happened to that nerdy girl that walked in here this morning wearing my clothes? Looking down at the pile on her bench said to herself “Sue has left the building” She picked up the dollar bill and crumbled it up into a ball, turned to face Bruce and through it at him and saying no thanks. Mike was so busy checking out Sues ass he didn’t see what she did. But Ralf did. He said to Bruce see, I told you, should have gave her a five. Sue laughed. Gonna take a lot more than a five to see me strip. Bruce perked up. Oh, how much then? Sue regretted it as soon as the words came out of her mouth. Unable to come up with a response she turned around and went back to work. But they weren’t letting her off the hook that easy. Come on how much? Your already half way there. And again Mr. Ellsworth walked back into the room. Ok enough screwing around back to work. Sorry Susan, I guess you’ll have to keep your clothes on. The old man took another long look at Sues bare legs and went back to his office. Once Dan was sitting behind his desk again he laughed and said to the empty office, I wonder how much she did want?

The day ended and Sue started to put her clothes on. Loud jeers coming from the guys. Sorry boys, I can’t drive home in my underwear. Bruce asked, what about tomorrow. Sue smiled and said, you’ll just have to wait and see. Sue was still under the impression that Mr. Ellsworth expected her to work in her underwear and was already planning what to wear or not wear. On the drive home Sue started to reflect on her day. I got harassed by the guys, got stripped of my skirt, yelled at by my boss, worked in my underwear, and got the attention of seven guys. I can live with this. There was something else though. Something she never would have expected. Excitement. And she liked it.


Chapter 3

It wasn’t until she was driving down her street that Sue thought about her boy friend. Allen was a nice guy. He was her everything. Best friend, confidant, and lover. Sue and Allen met their sophomore year of college. They shared a couple classes together so there were a lot of late nights in the library, helping each other with home work. They’d go for coffee or a movie. Next thing you know they were dating.

But living together happened by accident. After graduation Allen found this great apartment he shared with a friend. This lasted for a little over a year until his roommate found a new girlfriend. When their relationship started to get serious he told Allen they had decided to try living together. Allen was now left with paying the rent and utilities by himself. He knew he’d need to find a new roommate in a hurry to help or possibly loose the apartment.

At about the same time Allen was losing his roommate Sues father’s was offered a promotion at work if he relocated to their Texas branch. This also came with a large pay increase. Sue was devastated when her parents told her. They’d be moving so far away. This was her childhood home. Where she grew up. She learned to ride her bike right on that very sidewalk in front of their house. Had her first kiss with Bobby Mcallister behind the Hillside school in 7th grade. She had childhood friends she’d have to leave behind. And of coarse she was now dating Allen. So when Sue told Allen about her parents moving and her wanting to stay he suggested they live together. This was a big step for Sue. She had always lived with her parents. So this would be her first time living on her own. And first time living with a boy friend.

In the beginning everything was good. They got a along well and the sex was never a problem. This was fine until Sues job changed her hours. She worked for a small company that produced circuit boards. They wanted to expand which meant adding a second shift to their work force doubling their production. The eight employees with the lowest seniority were forced to work this new shift 6pm to 2am. Sue was in that bottom eight, and if that wasn’t bad enough, she was the only girl. The change in hours put a strain on their relationship. Not seeing each other all week left only weekends together.

She walked in the front door to total silence. Allen was long asleep. Sue walked into the kitchen and poured herself a glass of wine. Holding the bottle in one hand and her glass in the other she headed for the living room. Just what she needed after this crazy day. Walking back to the living room Sue got an idea. She untied her skirt and kept walking. She wanted to know how far she had to go for it to fall all the way off. The skirt clung together as it did earlier but after 10 feet the skirt was around her ankles. She felt a chill go down her spine. So this is how close I came to being completely bottomless in front of the guys. Sue left the skirt where it fell and sat down on the couch. Putting her glass and bottle of wine on the table in front of her she picked up the remote and looked for a movie.

Sue couldn’t explain it at first. Ignoring the TV she looked over at the piece of material laying on the floor. The thing that started it all. Sue felt a tingling inside. She ran her hand over her boobs and felt her nipples harden. After giving both nipples the attention they needed she slid her hand down further, over her stomach, passed the top of her panties, down to the crotch where she found herself wet. As Sue rubbed herself she thought about the initial skirt drop. Everyone laughing, the humiliation. Running past Mr. Ellsworth, staring at her like she’d gone mad. When she got to the ladies room the humiliation continued at first. But it was the quick turn around that got her thinking. After checking my skirt I actually rationalized that the panties were bigger than a bikini so it was ok. Then stripping for the guys and putting up with there BS. It was kind of nice to be the center of attention. What the hell has gotten in to me. But she couldn’t deny the excitement she felt right now. Sue slid her other hand up under her shirt feeling her boobs over her bra. Her nipples had never been so hard. Maybe I should go wake up Allen? No he has to get up in a couple hours for work. I can’t do that. No this is a solo mission. It didn’t take much
longer for Sue to have the most powerful orgasm she’s had in a long time. After, she fell asleep waking at 4:30 am. The bottle of wine was empty. Sue picked herself up and walked to the bedroom leaving her mess behind.

Finding Allen sound asleep, snoring away, she stripped to her panties. Sue looked at her reflection in the mirror. Standing there she examined her reflection if the dim light. Her 36C boobs with large areolas and hard nipples, down to her abs. Not a six pack, but not that bad she thought. Sue looked down further to her hips then pulling down her panties a little to her thick hairy bush. Her thighs could use a little work but she approved of what she saw. Maybe this walking around in my underwear won’t be so bad after all. She crawled into bed and was sound asleep fifteen minutes later.

Allen woke to the sound of his alarm at his usual time. He looked next to him and saw Sue in just a pair of panties. Wow she must have been so tired she didn’t even put on a night shirt. She never sleeps like that. As he made his way to the bathroom he almost tripped over something on the floor. What the hell. Reaching down Allen picked up what he recognized as Sue’s skirt. Ok this is weird. After doing his business in the bathroom Allen walked into the living room to catch the news and weather. He stopped in his tracks when he saw the empty wine bottle and glass on the table. And the tv was still on. Must of been one hell of a night he thought. Allen brought the empty bottle and glass to the kitchen then returned to the living room. Settling into the couch he watched the news. As Allen sat there he could feel a wet spot through his boxers. He got up and wiped his hand on the wet spot and brought to his nose. Allen immediately recognized the scent of his girl friends sex. He asked himself, what the happened here last night. Someone must have had a good time.

Allen caught the news and then went to the kitchen to put the coffee on. Next he headed to the bathroom for a shower. After drying off Allen walked into the bedroom to get dressed. Again he tripped over clothes on the floor. Boy he thought, she left a trail everywhere she went. He dressed in his usual jeans and t shirt then went to check on the coffee. He poured himself a cup and sat at the table. Allen tried to put the events of last night together. Ok, wine, strips off her skirt, watches Tv, has more wine, and then masturbates right there on the couch. Sue was one of those sex in the bedroom only types. Having only lived at home with her parents Sue didn’t have the privacy to be adventurous. It took him a while to get her to relax and even come a little out of her shell. Well I guess the shell’s cracked wide open now he thought. After a light breakfast Allen looked in on Sue again. He found her sound asleep. Was that a smile on her face?

Allen started his car and backed out of the driveway. His morning commute led him right past Sue’s work. He looked up at the building and started to think. Could she be screwing around with someone at work? That would explain a lot of what happened last night. No there’s got to be another reason, she wouldn’t do that to me. Would she? It was this distraction that later caused Allen to nearly drive a fork lift into a pallet of stuff on the dock at work.

His boss came out of the office and asked him, hey you all right? Allen just looked at him and yea I’m ok. So what’s up he asked? Your mind doesn’t seem to be in the game today. Allen told him he had some personal problems at home. His boss told him well if you need to go home let me know now. Allen said, yea that might be a good idea. Ok take the rest of the day off. I’ll put you in for sick time.

Allen got in his car and started it up. He saw on the clock. It was almost noon. He thought Sue will be getting up soon. Good maybe then I can find out what the hell is going on. When Allen arrived home Sue was in the shower. He went into the kitchen to grab something to eat. When Sue finished her shower she realized she had only grabbed one towel. She dried herself off then used the towel to put her hair up. She wanted to put the coffee on while she got dressed so she walked into the kitchen butt naked except the towel and flip flops. Sue got the shock of her life. Sitting at the table was her boy friend Allen.

What the hell are you doing home Sue asked? Allen looked at Sue, standing there naked and said well I have a few questions of my own. Like why are you walking around the house naked? Your trail of clothes around the house? The empty bottle of wine? The tv left on? And oh, lets not forget the wet spot on the couch.

Sue was speechless. It took her a minute to find her voice and then she started to talk. And didn’t shut up until she was blubbering like a little girl. She told Allen everything. About falling asleep, the guys untying her skirt and it almost falling off. Running to the ladies room holding onto the skirt. She told him about the different emotions she went through while trying to pull herself together, her boss yelling at her, telling her to work in her underwear, The rationality that it was no different than a bathing suit, She knew they desperately need her job, The strip back at her work bench, The guys harassment, the stripper comments, realizing she actually like the attention and didn’t mind working in her underwear. To coming home and trying the “drop skirt trick” to see what would happen. Only planned on a glass of wine but brought the bottle with her because there was only a little left anyway. And of coarse replaying all of this in her head and having one of the most intense orgasm’s of her life. Then she looked at Allen, finally able to stop crying and with a smile said, too bad you weren’t awake when I got home. You would have definitely gotten lucky.

Allen sat silent, processing all of this information. He wasn’t sure how to take it. She explained everything. He wasn’t sure if he liked it, but he did like Sue being more open.

Sue wasn’t sure what to think until Allen said, so do I get a rain check on that “getting lucky” Sue smiled, grabbed Allens hands and practically dragged him into the bedroom. After some of the best sex they ever had they laid their in each others arms and talked.

Allen asked, so old man Ellsworth actually told you to work in your underwear? Sue thought and said yes, he was yelling at me and said, he said, wait a minute. Sue stopped to think. He said “You want to run around in your underwear? Well that’s just fine by me. From now on you can work in your underwear if you want. You can strip when you come through the door for all I care.”

Allen almost bust a gut laughing at Sue. You mean you didn’t have to strip and you did? Allen was holding his sides he was laughing so hard. Sue Just looked at him, She did feel dumb, but then saw the humor in what she did.

Allen finally got his laughter under control and looked at Sue. But last night he asked? Everything you did, it turned you on, you liked it?

Sue blushed and said, well if earlier wasn’t enough proof we can try again? The couple tested their theory one more time before Sue had to get ready for work.

Allen watched as Sue came out of the shower with one towel wrapped around her head, the other around her body. He watched her move around the room pulling out clothes to get ready. As Sue bent over her ass cheeks were dangerously close to peeking out. Allen asked, SO what are you going to do today? Sue was digging through her dresser looking for something to wear. Somehow forgetting about yesterday and just grabbing anything.

She turned around looking at Allen? What do you mean? Staring at Allen like he had two heads. Oh, you mean what am I going to wear to work? Or more importantly what am I going to wear when I get to work. I haven’t really given that much thought. Do you think Mr. Ellsworth wants me to work in my underwear? Is he really expecting me to strip at the door?

Well yesterday it was you that miss understood what he said. Then he all but came right out and gave you permission to continue working in your underwear. So Allen asked, what do you want to do? We both know you liked it. How do you feel about working in front of all those guys half naked again.

Yes I did like it. All right that’s an understatement, I loved it. But I don’t know if I can work all day dressed like that. Yesterday was just a couple hours. Today would be the whole day. What about going to lunch. The guys are going to have a field day hounding me.

Didn’t you say Mr. Ellsworth put a stop to that Allen asked? And didn’t you say that you were actually all doing more work now because he keeps coming to check on you? Yes your right Sue answered but still, just strip down when I walk in the door?

Did the guys hear any part of Mr. Ellsworth telling to work in your underwear Allen asked? Sue thought back. Not in his office no. But when he came down to the work shop, yes he said I could if I wanted to in front of everyone. But then after he left they guys asked me if I was being forced. They caught on to what he said, just like you did. And what did you say Allen asked? I didn’t answer I just went back to work. So they think, that you think, you have to do this? Yes until you said something Sue said. Now I feel stupid, and turned on at the same time. Allen what do I do? I really did like the attention, well at least some of it. But not all day. I liked that it started as a accident. Well what I thought was an accident. Because I had no control over what happened, And later, because I thought Mr. Ellsworth was ordering me to stay in my underwear I had no choice.

And that’s what turns you on Allen asked? Not just loosing your clothes, but not being able to control it happening. An accident? You didn’t take your clothes off, some else took them off you. Or they fell off, or you were told by some one of authority to take them off. Do you want a quick flash and then cover up? Or a short prolonged exposure like yesterday?

Sue thought, a quick exposure. Like the guys untying my skirt. I didn’t know it was going to happen. So when It did start to fall I really was surprised and embarrassed. What if I get the guys to dare me Sue asked?

What do you mean Allen asked. His full attention on Sue now that her towel fell off. She saw Allen looking at her and knew this is what she wanted. What she wanted to feel again.

Sue tried to put it into words and then started. While the guys were teasing me I made a comment about how if I had planned on taking my close off I would have worn better underwear. Then Bruce put a dollar on my work bench telling me it was customary to tip a stripper when she takes her clothes off. He said I was already half way there.

Shocked at his girl friends comment Allen asked. What did you say to that? I crumbled up the bill and through it at Bruce. So Ralph said he should have given me a five. I told them it would take a lot more than five dollars to get me to take my clothes off.

Wow Allen said, you really got these guys wound up. You need to make a plan before you walk in there or they’ll have you naked before coffee break. …..


Chapter 4 (part 1)

Sue started to pull her panties up her legs when Allen stopped her. Wait a second. You said you’d wear better underwear if you knew people were going to see them right? Sue said yes. What’s wrong with these.

Don’t you see he asked? If you wear an old bra and panties then you had no intention of taking your clothes off. Sue thought for a second. Ok I understand. Throwing the panties back in the draw she quickly dug out an old pair of pale blue bikini panties and a plain white bra. She finished dressing in jeans, t shirt and sneakers.

They went out to the kitchen and sat at the table. While Sue made a sandwich Allen talked:

Today, just walk in and sit down. Start working like yesterday never happened. Eventually the guys will start bothering you. Asking you why your still dressed. Practically daring you to take your clothes off. OK Sue said, and then what?

Allen continued, eventually they’ll get loud and Mr. Ellsworth will come down to see what’s going on right? She nodded. So everyone will go back to work. This will give you a break from their crap. And then in an hour they’ll start up all over again and the cycle will continue.

Sue looked puzzled, I don’t understand. Allen explained. The art of stripping is not taking your clothes off. It’s the tease. The anticipation of what’s going to happen. You said you wanted to take off your clothes but just for a short time? and you wanted it to be an accident or be forced to do it right? Well every time the anticipation builds up it will be Mr. Ellsworth who’ll break the spell and you’ll have to start back up again. You know they’ll say or do almost anything to get you out of your clothes? And when your ready you can lead them right to where you want to go.

Sue was intrigued. Sure, the guys will be going nuts. Eventually one of them will offer me the money they think I want. Or dare me. And then I get to have my fun. Mr. Ellsworth will hear all the noise and come to see what’s going on. And it will be over. I have my fun, they have theirs.

Allen smiled, not bad huh? I just wish I could be there to see it all. They kissed and Sue was out the door. Her stomach was doing flips as she pulled into the parking lot. She was a bundle of nerves. And on top of that she was five minutes late. It was worth it though. Her and Allen were better than ever and he was ok with Sue’s new hobby of showing off.

The next morning Mr. Ellsworth was sitting at his desk going over yesterday’s numbers. Productions up 5%. This made him happy. After all the commotion yesterday with Susan I would have thought it would be lower not higher. Well this is interesting he thought. Let’s see what happens today. Maybe having a half dressed woman in the shop could be a good thing.

Sue made it to her bench just a few minutes late and started right in working. The guys all watched her come in and waited in anticipation for the show they thought was coming.
Hey sue aren’t you forgetting something. It was Bruce from behind her. She looked up from her work, thought for a few seconds, Said I don’t think so. Put her head down and went back to work.

Ralph spoke up. Yea Sue you seem to be over dressed. Don’t you think so guys. All the guys started in on her now. Ronnie spoke up from the back. You wouldn’t want Mr. Ellsworth getting mad would you? Mike tried a different approach. Sue you wouldn’t want to get your clothes dirty or something. Joe offered to help her out of them. Pete even offered to hold onto them so they wouldn’t get lost. Sue smiled, loving the attention she was getting. No that’s ok guys I’m good.

While Sue worked the guys were texting back and forth.

Bruce: What do we do?
Joe: Just keep trying, she’ll give in you watch.
Pete: Do you think she knows?
Bruce: No she’s not that smart, look what she did yesterday.
Mike: Maybe we should call call mr. Ellsworth.
Ralph: And say what? Sue won’t take her clothes off for us?
Mike: She might get scared when he walks in. If she still believes she has to.
Joe: Be patient, we’ll have her out of those clothes before the day is over

And the work continued for a while until Joe spoke up. Hey Mike don’t you think it’s getting warm in here. Yea it is getting warm. Maybe we should take some close off. Pete called out, Hey Sue don’t you think it’s getting warm.

Sue stopped working and looked up. No, I’m ok. Bruce asked are you sure. You might be a little more comfortable if you took some of those clothes off. Sue was smiling to herself. No I’m good.

She stood up to show the guys what she was wearing. See guys, jean, no wardrobe malfunctions today. She laughed and sat back down. The guys started booing her. Then started chanting “Take it off Take it off”. With all the commotion going on no one saw Mr. Ellsworth walk in the room. Ok what’s going on? What’s all the noise about? He looked at Sue and saw why the guy were unhappy.

He thought, well so much for a good thing and then asked. Sue what are you wearing today? Sue stood up and said, just jeans and a t shirt sir. Mr Ellsworth looked around at the guys seeing the anticipation on their face. Well I think I speak for all the men here when I say we all liked the skirt better. This brought cheers from the guys. Ok Ok, settle down guys. I just came down to see what was going on. Back to work.

Everyone started working again until Mr. Ellsworth left. Then the text messages started again.

Mike: Well that kills that idea
Bruce: Not necessarily
Joe: You have an idea?
Bruce: You saw how disappointed the old man was. He wants her out of those clothes just as much as we do
Mike: So?
Bruce: Maybe we can use this to our advantage.
Mike: Keep talking.
Bruce: Just wait until the old man comes back

Work went on for a while. All was quiet until Bruce put his plan into action. He knew if they made enough noise Mr. Ellsworth would come back to see what was going on. And then he can use the old man to get Sue out of her clothes.

Text:

Bruce: Ok guys just go along with what I say and do.
Mike: what’s going on?
Bruce: Time to put operation “Strip the Bimbo” into action
Pete: Ok
Joe: OK
Ronnie: Ok
Ralph: Ok
Mike: Ok

Bruce: Hey Sue, yesterday you said $5 wasn’t enough to get you of your clothes. Sue turned around, AND? Well you never answered when I asked how much would it take. Mike caught on, Sue how about if we pass the hat around and see what we can get? Sue laughed, you don’t have a hat big enough. But nice try. She turned around but the guys kept going.

Ralph spoke up, Sue you must be un comfortable in those jeans. Isn’t it hot in here? Mike and Joe followed along. It is hot in here isn’t it. Especially for long pants. Sue looked around and noticed all of the guys were wearing shorts. Sue said you know your right. She slipped a pair of scissors in her pocket and got up. WOOO HHOO here we go she’s gonna strip!! The guys were all cheering. Sue said be right back, as she walked out of the room.

See I told you it would work. Bruce was all excited. He thought his plan worked and Sue was going to the ladies room to take off her jeans. Mr. Ellsworth was just coming out of his office and saw Sue go by. Well I see she still has her clothes. Mr Ellsworth walked down to the shop and found the guys all talking loud. What’s going guys? Sue just went to take her clothes off Pete answered. Is that right? Mr. Ellsworth thought he would hang around and wait for the show.

Sue was in the ladies room taking off her jeans. I can’t believe I’m going to ruin a perfectly good pair of jeans. This should wind them up. Sue laid her jeans out on the counter and took out the scissors. After evening up the two legs She made a cut across right where she thought the knees were. She held up her jeans admiring her work. This will fix them. Sue pulled up her new shorts and saw the length was perfect. Just above the knees. She picked up the two scraps of material and walked back to the shop.

When She got to the door she got an idea. Opening the door just a little she stuck the bottom of her bare leg in. OH BOYS! The guys went nuts cheering. Everybody was high fiveing Bruce for his idea. Mr. Ellsworth shook his head. I don’t believe it. Turning to the room he asked. What the hell did you say to her?

Sue tossed one and then the other piece of denim into the room. OMG she cut her pants up Bruce yelled. The cheers got louder. Even the Old Man was shocked. Sue stepped into the room and it went silent. Mr. Ellsworth laughed and said, nice try guys. Ok back to work everyone and he went back to his office.

Sue was laughing, what’s the matter guys? Expecting something different? Joe said well yea we thought you were going to take them off. Mike elbowed Joe. Sue looked at him and asked why would I do that? I’m wearing shorts just like everyone else now. And back to work she went. With a whole bunch of grumbling going on around her.


Chapter 4 (part 2)

Lunch time came and everyone was sitting out on the loading dock. Even after the sun went down it was still a humid night. Sue sat down and stuck her legs out like she was trying to get some sun. She rolled her t-shirt up from the bottom to cool off a little. The new exposer wasn’t missed by the guys .

Ronnie elbowed Bruce and nodded toward Sue. Bruce looked down and said. You know Sue, you won’t cool off much dressed like that. Pete Caught on to what Bruce was trying to do. Yea Sue, you may as well take the shirt off. We all ready saw your bra yesterday. It’s just like a bikini top. Now all the guys were speaking up. Sue was trying not to laugh but she was enjoying this to much. Sorry guys this is all you get today.

Didn’t the old man tell you had to work in your underwear? Bruce kept trying. Sue looked up from where she was sitting. Well he didn’t say anything today so I guess this is ok. Sue got a shiver down her spine thinking, what if he does? That would put an end to the tease, that’s no fun..

The bell sounded and it was back to work. Sue left her shirt rolled up figuring it covered more than a sports bra. Back in the shop work started again. She felt better showing a bit more skin but it wasn’t the rush she got yesterday. She wasn’t getting that tingling feeling. That’s what she really wanted. To feel wanted, sexy.

She thought, well I can’t just strip now, it’d be to obvious. And a wardrobe malfunction in jeans wasn’t likely either. BUT “Light bulb goes on” I do still have scissors.

Slipping the scissors into her pocket unnoticed, Sue got up and went back to the ladies room. After she left the guys all started talking. What do you think she’s up to now? I don’t know Ronnie said but I hope it involves less clothes.

In the ladies room Sue took off her shorts and once again laid them on the counter. Hmmm short shorts or Daisy Dukes? Daisy dukes it is. Sue made the cuts leaving very little material at the crotch. She pulled them on and looked at herself in the mirror and then turned around. Well I think they’ll like these. The bottom of her ass cheeks were exposed. You could even see the bottom of her blue panties.

Sue looked at her shirt. At the last minute she pulled it off. It was uncomfortable rolled up so why not shorten it a little. She cut about 4″ of the bottom and put it back on. Admiring her handy work she could now see her belly button. And there was still plenty of material for later. And then she caught herself . What do you mean later.

On her way back to the shop Mr. Ellsworth noticed Sue walking by and called her into his office. Yes sir you wanted to see me. Yes Susan. She stood there and could see the the old mans eyes roaming up and down her body. He was checking her out. Sue started to get that tingling feeling she was looking for. Turn around please? Sue turned around and even bent at the waist just slightly to tease the old man. Mr. Ellisworth couldn’t help getting a boner looking at her exposed ass cheeks. I see you’ve worked out your clothing issues. Yes sir. Is this ok? Sue asked finally turning around.

She noticed the old man had pushed his chair closer to his desk. Oh ah, yea that’s ok. He was tongue tied. Well why don’t you return to the shop. Sue turn and was almost to the door when she heard Mr. Ellsworth say in almost a whisper. If wasn’t married . Sue turned and said What? Mr Ellsworth was tongue tied for a second and then said I think the guys will approve, of you alterations. Sue smiled and said well I see you do and walked out. Mr Ellsworth was sweating bullets. His boner was stretching the front of his trousers. Any more of this he thought, and I’ll have to take care of it right now.

Sue barged right back into the room and walked to her bench. The guys were all cheering about Sues modifications. Ronnie: See boys she does want to show so more skin. Sue looked up. Yea well enjoy it because this is all your gonna see. Bruce was behind her, yes we will see won’t we. Sue got a chill down her spine and thought yes you just may. Everything quieted down and the work continued.

And then Mike had to start. You know Sue, usually when a woman wears a cut off shirt like that she doesn’t wear a bra underneath. Doesn’t it defeat the purpose of letting the cool air get under it if you boobs are covered in the bra. Sue was trying to hide her smile but Joe saw it. Look at her, she’s smiling. Sue just went from turned on to embarrassed. Now what do I do she thought.

Pete said geez I can see her nipples from here she must be enjoying this. Sue had to stop and look up. Ok so what if I am enjoying a little attention. I’ll bet everyone of you has a boner right now so what’s the difference? The guys started cheering untill bruce spoke up, We’ll show you ours if you show us yours?

Ronnie spoke up. Wait a minute guys I’m not whipping my dick out for her. Old Man Ellsworth walks in here and we’ll all get fired. Pete said me either it not worth losing my job for a pair of tits. This was Sues chance to get out of this. Well boys it’s all or nothing. Sorry tit’s stay covered. A collective groan came from the group.

Text:

Bruce: Don’t worry guys we got her this far. We’ll see tits and maybe more before the nights over.
Mike: And how do you plan on doing that?
Bruce: I haven’t figured that out yet but I’m working on it.
Pete: Maybe we should all be trying to think up something, we only have two hours left.
Ronnie: Ok
Joe: Ok
Mike: Will do
Bruce: Ok guys operation strip the bimbo continues.

Pete yelled out YES! Everybody looked up at him. Including sue.

She knew that some how she was the reason for the out burst. She was starting to get that tingling feeling again. She could feel the dampness in her panties. Her thoughts were on her bra. If I took off the bra I’d still have my t shirt on. It’s not to short that anything’s going to show (yet). Sue get that thought out of your head.

She carefully as she could reached back and unhooked her bra. Trying not to attract any attention. But Bruce saw what was happening and just watched. I knew it, he thought. She wants to take her clothes off. Knowing that if he texted the other guys they’d give it away and she’d stop so he just watched. He was always amazed at the “take the bra off under the shirt” trick woman do.

Sue started slipping the shoulder straps down and pulled her arms out. Now the reveal. She reached up and pulled her bra out from under her shirt. And Bruce picked that exact moment to speak up. Hey Sue what you have there, it looks like a bra. And all the guys looked up. WWOOOHHHOOOO She’s gonna strip. The cheers went up. Bruce said. Gee sue we didn’t even have to show you our cocks.

Sue was beet red but her panties were soaked now. She held the bra up and started to spin it around. The cheering got louder and in walks Mr. Ellsworth. He stepped into the shop and stopped in his tracks. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. She’s actually waving her bra around. NOW WHAT’S GOING ON! Mr Ellsworth yelled. Startled, Sue lost her grip on her bra and it landed right at Mr. Ellsworth’s feet.

SUSAN in my office right now! Sue got up and walked to the door. Before leaving Mr. Ellsworth picked up Sues bra and walked out with Sue right behind him.

When they got to the office Mr. Ellsworth stood inside the door and closed it when she walked in. A complete breach in protocol for having some one of the opposite sex in his office but he didn’t care. Sue went to sit. Oh no young lady you stand right there. He sat down at his desk and held up her bra. Sue was a bag of different emotions. Scare she was going to lose her job. Embarrassed because she got caught doing something real stupid, and worst of all, turned on watching her boss hold up a piece of her underwear. Yes sir?

Do you mind explaining to me how a piece of your underwear ended up on the shop floor? Well sir I was waving it around and .. I know what you were doing. I was there. I guess the question is why were you swinging a piece of your underwear around over your head like this is a strip joint?

The truth was that Mr. Ellsworth didn’t care why she did it. He was just glad she did.

Sir the guys were teasing me because I cut my shirt down. He cut her off. Yes lets talk about the alterations to your clothes today. You cut your shorts off twice. And now your shirt. And as if that isn’t bad enough now your taking your underwear off. How far were you planning on going?

Sir I wasn’t planning on any of this but the guys keep hassling me. He cut her off. Well after yesterdays performance can you blame them? Sir that was a miss understanding. I thought you told me I had to work in my underwear. He shook his head. Did you really think I wanted you to take your clothes off in a room full of men? Sue was looking at the floor now. She was crushed. Mr. Ellsworth saw her reaction and realized he just went in the wrong direction

Now he felt bad. Had he actually aided in yesterdays events? Did she really not understand? Mr Ellsworth nodded. He held his hand up to stop her. I’m sorry about yesterday’s misunderstanding. I guess sometimes I lose my cool. That was just as much my fault as yours.

Now! Look me in the eyes Susan. Mr. Ellsworth was staring at her. Tell me you haven’t been enjoying these past two days? Sue swallowed hard. As confused as she was by his sudden change Sue knew she had never been so turned on in her life.

Sue blushed, but her hard nipples gave her away. With a sudden smile she looked right at Mr Ellsworth and said, sir your right. But really. Before yesterday I would have never had even thought about doing something like this. It wasn’t until one of the guys untied my skirt and it almost fell off that woke something up inside me.

Mr. Ellsworth nodded. I understand. But now back to my question. Exactly how far were you planning on going? Sue looked right at him and said. Sir I really had no plans. I was just following what the guys were saying. They hassled me about my long pants so I cut them down. Then they started on my shirt. So I cut that down. And your shorts he asked motioning at her Daisy dukes. They kept asking sir, I just wanted to give them a little more. I thought we were just having fun.

Mr Ellsworth asked, You were enjoying yourself so you figured you’d give them what they want? Yes sir. Well since you don’t have a plan maybe I can help he asked? Sues eyes widened. Sir? Come on Sue, your having the time of your life, so? How far are you willing to go? That’s the real question. I don’t think I can go much further sir.

Honesty Sue, I’m enjoying this just as much as the other guys are. So are you up for some more fun he asked Sue with a big smile on his face. Sue was confused, was this a good thing or bad thing. Well sir what’s left? There’s still a couple of inches left on your shirt that can be trimmed off. Sue was gushing in her panties. Thinking, I can’t believe he’s encouraging me to do this.

Ok sir I could do that. Mr. Ellsworth opened his desk draw and handed Sue a pair of scissors. She turned to leave and he cleared his throat. Sue looked back at him. You can do that here if you’d like. I know I would. Sue didn’t even think about it. She whipped her shirt off baring her tits to her boss. Her nipples were rock hard. She was thinking, I can’t believe this, I’m half naked in my bosses office. This is too much.

She put the shirt down on his desk and was about to make a cut when he cleared his throat agin. He pointed upward indicating she should cut off more. Sue made the cut and put her shirt back on. It now came down to just below her tits. She loved it. She tried raising her arms and the shirt rode right up over her tits. Mr Ellsworth smiled. Perfect. Sue couldn’t resist asking, Sir, the length of my shirt or my tits? Both he answered.

Now come here he said pointing at the spot next to his chair. Sue was scared. This wasn’t some thing she was expecting. When he turned in his chair Sue noticed a very large bulge in his pants. When she got into position she asked sir?

Mr. Ellsworth asked, are you wearing panties. Sue blushed. Yes sir. He turned her sideways and grabbed the leg of her shorts in two hands and pulled. The seam ripped up the side of her leg revealing her light blue panties. She was smiling.

As she turned to let him do the other side, Mr. Ellsworth thought not only is she an exhibitionist but submissive too. He tore the leg up the seam on the other side splitting her Daisy Dukes almost in half. Ok that looks good, what do you think? Sue was all smiles. Perfect sir.

There’s a mirror in the restroom if you want to see for yourself. Sue walked in and looked at her reflection. OMG I’m barely covered. She could see her panties almost to the waist band. Sue was memorized by the image in front of her. She raised her arms and her tits came completely out. Her nipple were hard as diamonds. Her areolas were tight and puckered. Sue thought she’d pass out just looking at herself.

Mr. Ellsworth brought Sue out of her trance. Well Sue we have about an hour left, Why don’t you go have some fun, ah I mean get back to work. Thank you sir. She ran over and hugged Mr Ellsworth and kissed him on the cheek. She practically ran back to the shop.

Mr Ellesworth was about to take care of his “problem” but had a better idea. He opened his desk drawer and through a couple of switches. Then got up and headed for the shop. He knew something was going to happen and he wanted to see it for himself.

The guys were quiet. I hope we didn’t get her fired Mike said. Yea we were just having fun. Bruce looked at them all. Hey don’t cry for her. She was enjoying every minute of what happen. She led us on and you know it. Pete stepped up. Yea but we started this whole thing. She would have never done any of this if it wasn’t for us. Ronnie agreed.

They were all surprised by Sue walking through the door, and wearing even less. Her shirt was about 4 inches shorter, just below her tits, and her shorts were ripped up the sides exposing her blue panties.

Hey Sue, the guys all gathered around her. Well I guess you didn’t get in trouble huh Joe asked? Sue laughed no not exactly. Mr. Ellsworth seems to approve of what I’m wearing. Joe said well I can see why. But it looks like you had a wardrobe malfunction after all.

Oh you mean this. Sue grinned. This was no wardrobe malfunction. She grabbed the bottom of the shorts where the rip started and pulled. There was a loud ripping sound as her panties were now exposed all the way to her waist. She repeated the same ripping on the opposite side. The only thing holding her shorts together now was the waist band.

The guys were cheering Sues latest reveal. I don’t mean to push things Sue, Mike spoke up. But um, why not just take them off? Sue pretended to be thinking, then aswered maybe later. She knew then that this wasn’t going to end until she was naked.

Bruce spoke up first. Sue, I want to say were sorry. We all misjudged you. We’ve been giving you a lot of shit the past couple of months and come to find out your OK. Hot even Pete added. The guys were all speaking up, yea Sue your OK by us. Sue was blushing. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Gee guys if knew all I had do was to take my clothes off I would have done it a long time ago. They were all laughing when the bell rang indicating the shift was over. Sue had one more trick up her sleeve. She wanted to give them more. She was so turned on she needed to do this.

Hey Bruce didn’t you say you wanted me to dance on the bench top? Bruce’s eyes bugged out. All the guys stopped and turned towards Sue. She had everyone’s attention now as she climbed up onto the bench top. I can’t believe im doing this she thought. But her nipples were so hard and her panties were dripping. She knew this was what she wanted.

As she started to gyrate her hips the guys started to clap along hooting and hollering. Sue danced to music only she could hear. She had one more thing she wanted to give the them. Actually two.

Sue raised her arms above her head completely exposing her tits to the crowd. Her rock hard nipples out for everyone to see. At this point Sue was gone. Her body was on fire and her panties were soaked. She was so turned on she didn’t want to stop. She couldn’t stop.

She reached down and popped the snap on her shorts and slowly lowered the zipper. The guys were going nuts chanting TAKE IT OFF TAKE IT OFF. Sue turned her back and slowly lowered her shorts until gravity took over and they fell to her feet. The guys now had a perfect view of Sues panty clad ass. She bent over and grabbed the material of her panties pulling them up into a thong. Now they could see the wet material covering Sues pussy. She turned around stepping out of her shorts one leg at a time and kicked the them at the guys. She was down to two pieces of clothing now and had no desire to stop.

Ronnie opened his wallet and through a few bills onto the bench at Sues feet. The other guys followed and soon the bench was covered in money. Mr. Ellsworth stood at the door and silently watched. When Sue saw him she gave him a wink and turned back to the guys.

She pulled her shirt up over her head and tossed it to into the group. There was a free for all as they all tried to get their hands on a souvenir. Sue was now down to one piece of clothing. She danced a little longer before looking down at her panties. She gave the guys a sexy look as if asking should I? The chanting returned, TAKE IT OFF TAKE IT OFF.

This was all the encouragement Sue needed. She grabbed the side of her last piece of clothing and ripped the seam wide open. Then holding the front of panties with one hand keeping her bush covered she ripped the other side freeing the material from her body. Now the panties hung down between her legs with just her hand and scrap of material covering the most private part of her body. The sound was deafening.

Sue was in a trance. She stood there naked in front of the very guys she worked with holding the wet panties over her head. She was a star. Every eye was on her and she loved it. But the trance was broken by the sound of the guys begging her to toss her panties. She knew she had to end this and get out of there before she fucked every single one of them. Sue spun the wet panties over her head and let them go into the crowd.

She jumped down off the table and said sorry guys I’ve got to go. She ran with one hand over her pussy and the over her nipples. Not out of modesty but because she was so turned she had started touching herself and knew if she didn’t get out of there now she never would.

Sue got as far as the shop door where she was surprised by Allen standing there. Hi babe, need some help? What I need is you, right now. Sue wrapped her arms around Allen as the shared a long deep kiss.

The old man watched, while the guys were cheering, the two love birds walked away hand in hand leaving them to their fun. He took out his phone and brought up the text messages from earlier today, then hit delete. He couldn’t wait to see tomorrow’s production numbers.


Epilogue

The next morning Mr. Ellsworth arrived at his off at the usual time. He checked a couple messages while he booted up his computer. When the screen lit up we went into the production section to see yesterdays numbers. Up another 10% he said. Breaking down the shift hour by hour he saw that the later it got the higher the numbers were. Interesting, I’ll have to give that girl a raise.

Next he checked the security video feed. He found that the shop and office cameras had captured everything he had hoped. The picture quality was incredible. Dan slid a disk into the machine and hit the down load button. While that was coping he opened one of his favorite web sites.

Dan had found the Indian Outlaw Site about twelve years ago. Ever since, he had become not only an avid reader but also a writer. He wanted to get started in right away while the details were still fresh in his memory. Dan was wearing a big smile on his face as he typed away on the key board the events of the past two days.

The End


