When the angels take Dean, Sam is at a loss. He doesn't know what to do or where to go, so he goes back to the hospital. The black haired lady, Dee, is gone, and in her place is a middle-aged nun looking tired as she wrings her hands and repeats the rosary again and again.

The kid still isn't sleeping. He's sitting under a reading lamp, colouring and the bandages on his wrists sparkle like frosted Christmas paper. The nun looks terrified for a second and then she gathers up her knitting, which is in a bag at her feet, and her rosary and leaves the room, bowing her head to the kid.

"Dean said he was coming back," the kid says bluntly, "I wasn't expecting you."

"The angels took him," Sam tells him.

"And what do you want me to do about it, scare them with my catheter bag?" He rolls his eyes, "I know, I can bombard them with my collection of Hot Wheels that Dean bought me." He mutters something dark and foreign under his breath.

"But," Sam begins.

"But what? I'm a librarian, I read books, it was something to keep me occupied that got out of hand." He caps his marker and lifts another colour. "I know it's a shitter that the angels have taken your brother but they won't hurt him, they have plans for him and I'm sure this is a blip. They'll bring him back when they're done, and they'll probably launder him too. For all we know they've got him in some swanky green room eating cheeseburgers and reading prophecies."

"They don't. They captured Alistair and want Dean to torture information out of him." Sam is trying to make this belligerent and rude child understand, but it isn't happening.

"And? It's the irony that interests the angels, you know, the master being worked over by the pupil. They won't hurt him."

"You don't understand," Sam said, "He can't do it, he's a mess."

"Maybe the problem is, Sam, that you don't understand, or," the kid narrows his eyes appraisingly at him, "it's out of your control and they're not letting you help."

Sam is angry and it bubbles up out of him, whether he wants it to or not. "Who are you to judge me? You claim to like Dean and won't lift a finger to help him."

Ben looks at his colouring and licks his lips, "Sam, you're mistaking can't for won't. I can't help. Not because I don't want to or I have a policy of non interference, but because one: I'm stuck in this hospital bed for the near future, and two: I didn't get any strange super powers, I just don't die." He takes a deep breath but it's ragged.

"What about Dee?" Sam interrupts, "Can she help?"

"She could, but she won't and you don't want to owe her a favour." Ben is adamant about that, and the colour is draining from his face.

"They have him and they are going to break what little of him remains, if you could have seen him before – before they all started to play with him and . . ."

"I think I see that more often than you do, Sam," Ben cuts him off, "do you know why he pays attention to me, despite, lets face it, that no one likes me. I have minions, not friends, and Dee, to who I am a curiosity. But Dean sees me and do you know why? Because I remind him of you. A you that he doesn't have to protect from hunting, a you he can give everything to just like he wanted, a you that will never grow up and start channelling imps and God knows what else in your mad drive for power. You scare him and you can't even see that. So, he phones me and he sends me movies he thinks I'll like, and books he liked when he was a kid, and he talks to me."

The tears streaming down the kid's face are pink tinged and there is a bloody froth to his lips. "He's the only friend I have and even then I'm just your proxy, so don't you talk to me about him like that. The one that doesn't know him is you."

The kid wipes the bloody saliva from his lips with the back of his hand and takes a mouthful of water. "I'm not supposed to get agitated." He's panting. "You said you'd met some Princes of Hell, ask them to help. You're the boy-king, they'd love for you to owe them a favour. Now, I'm . . ." he swallows, his breath coming in quick pants, "going to call the nurse and they're probably going to," he doubles over coughing, splattering blood all over his colouring book, "now look what you've done, it took me all. . ."

"Nurse!" Sam screams going into the corridor as the boy begins to fit, "Nurse!"

They bustle him out of the way and start using medical terminology that Sam doesn't understand as they hold the kid down and he looks so very small. He was right though, Sam needs to summon the forces of Hell to find the way to his brother -- someone he won't have to owe a favour to, someone already beholden.

When he reaches the parking lot he summons Barry, whose legs are held on with duct tape and Jeremy who peers at him from under a knit beret, other than which he's completely naked. "Keep an eye on the kid for me, make sure nothing happens."

Barry, holding up his trousers, and probably his legs with it, salutes with one hand. "Sure thing, Boss. So, we're not to eat him then."

"No," Sam shakes his head as he roots around in his pockets for his cell phone, "and don't eat the plushy either, let him see you, no one else though. I suppose I owe him something."

----

Ruby narrowly escapes having her head cavedin with a pipe when Sam tells her what's wrong and she laughs. The main reason she escapes her fate is that he doesn't have a pipe to hand, and she might actually be able to help.

Her spell is flashy and only really narrows his search down to a location and by the time that they get there everything's done but the dying, and Alistair is more than willing to oblige with that. Castiel spirits Dean away to the hospital, like they haven't been there enough lately, and Sam is left to follow in the Impala. He thinks darkly that this is it, this is his destiny, always following behind.

When Sam finally arrives, Castiel is sitting beside Dean in the hospital bed and they're talking, too low and quiet for him to hear. Yet, when Castiel sees Sam he looks up and his expression seems regretful, but it's hard to tell because the angel has the facial range of a GI Joe doll. When he looks at Dean, though, he really looks at him. He stares at him like Dean is the saviour of the universe.

It sickens Sam.

Not because he thinks the idea of two men is preposterous or even that sleeping with the supernatural is gross, because it would make him a true hypocrite, but because Dean is his, goddammit. His to protect, to save, to worship.

Sam would have gotten him out of Hell, he just needed more time.

Now, Castiel is practically Dean's new favourite person, practically glued to his hip, and he's found himself a proxy brother in that strange kid in Cheyenne and Sam . . . well, Sam has Jessica.

He wants it all to go away, to vanish into the darkness and the corruption described in Ben's books, to just go to Pam's funeral and feel genuine remorse for getting her killed instead of what he does feel which is the waste of a valuable resource and . . .

He looks at Castiel, holding his brother's hand and looking as lost as he can with his limited facial expressions, and walks back into the corridor without caring if Dean knows that he is there or not. It doesn't matter, Dean's replaced him anyway.

----

For the first time visiting the town without warning isn't much of an upheaval.

He walks into the hotel room and the lights go off and then flicker back on again, that's all the warning he gets before he finds himself in the town. The room is different; there is a desk with an old typewriter instead of a laptop with flat-bed scanner. There is a rudimentary kitchen, and a beaten up sofa. There are three doors leading off the room, one of which is nailed shut and written across it in black spray paint are the words: "DON'T OPEN THE DOOR"

Through one of the open doors is a small badly kept bedroom, the sheets are dirty with use, and there is a bookcase in one corner. The bedside clock is broken.

Through the other door is a bathroom and over the bath is a hole large enough for Sam to crawl through. This place has rules, and Sam's not one to back down from a challenge. So, he climbs into the bath and through the hole.

The walls on the other side are sticky with some sort of cold residue, like a black slime. Then, to his horror, the wall seethes as if a hand is trying to break through. For the first time in this place, in this town he knows to be Hell, he begins to feel afraid. The floor beneath him is a metal gantry, but there is no way to see how high it is suspended and the walls are, now he stops to listen, breathing. He knows that this is the town he dreams of, but it is completely different compared to the times he'd been here before.

He can hear things, strange unnatural things, and the Darklings haven't manifested although the light is more than weak enough for them to do so. Sam gives into the fear within him, the opening through which he came has gone under the slime and muck that coats the walls and breathes, he runs.

As Sam runs, he realises that the walls are pulsating and the lumps are reaching for him as he listens to the wheezing of its breath. He just runs until he bumps into another person. Or at least he thinks it's a person until he sees it and the face is just a polished dome of fetid skin.

It reaches for him with it's hands, or what passes as them, and he doesn't think – he just attacks. If he doesn't it will kill him, he knows that, and like the walls it's skin is seething, roiling around on it's face as he smashes it against the metal floor. He's shouting and screaming and the walls are breathing and that's when the Darkness erupts from him in a twisted ball that sucks up everything in its reach and Sam's too busy smashing the creature's head against the floor to notice.

When he sits back, panting, his throat raw, he starts to understand what everyone else told him, that the town is Hell and he had only seen the very least of it. He also knows, as the black slime starts to leak from the ceiling down the newly scoured walls, that it's not going to stop and he has to get out.

Dean spent forty years in this, Sam thinks picking himself up, he can survive long enough to find a way out, he always has before.

He takes a knife from a shambling creature in a hood by smashing it across the shoulders with a large rock. It's not much of a weapon, he knows, but it's better than nothing and this place is almost literally crawling with things. He doesn't know what they are, only that no two are the same, and that the slime that covered the walls and reached for him was the most harmless thing here.

They lurch out of the blarkness and Sam glad that he's tall and fit so that he can run. He just wishes that there was somewhere he could stop.

"Saaaaaammmm!" A voice calls, and God help him it sounds like Dean but he knows that it's not, because Dean is in a hospital bed with his angel. "Don't run Sammy." He really wants to go towards that voice because Dean will save him. In this place he feels useless, his own terror is augmented by that of the Darkness, and the very place itself reeks of absolute fear and burning and the strange sickly sweet smell of incense.

He was right that this town is Hell, he was just wrong about how bad that it was. Hell is not an eternity in Pottery Barn, it's this, running scared with no real idea of what it is that he is so scared of, only that if it catches him, it will never stop.

"Saaaaaammmmmmyyyyyy!" Dean's voice calls in the darkness in an obscene singsong. "I don't like it when you run from me, I can't help you if you run from me."

Sam ducks into an alleyway, and then through an open window into a destroyed kitchen. It looks like the galley of a sunken ship, all rust and corruption and things toppled.

"Oh," the Dean voice calls, "Hide and Seek, how delicious." Sam doesn't stop, but with the eerie otherness of this place the voice carries, "We're going to get you," the Dean voice sings, "we're going to get you." Sam lets out a dark, abrasive laugh. "You'll be dead by dawn, dead by dawn, dead by dawn." He laughs harder because he's quoting and it's so very Dean that it hurts, "I'll swallow your soul, I'll swallow your soul." And Dean laughs and laughs and laughs.

He doesn't stick around to let Dean find him though, he ducks through the side door and over the fence to the hospital.

Maybe Lisa knows the way out he thinks as he runs away from the Dean voice, ducking out of the way of the creatures that look like nurses. He shambles along on numb feet, with his terror tasting like aluminium in his mouth and his throat tight and sore from running.

When he arrives at the hospital there is a bald headed man in a nice suit. "Ah, there you are, Sam," the man says and he glimmers, he literally shines, "you led us a merry chase looking for you. This isn't really the kind of place you want to linger," he grabs Sam by the arm but for all the violence of the motion it's not an attack, "come on, I'll take you back to your brother. If Valtiel hadn't seen you I dread to think what might have happened."

"What the fuck are you?" Sam asks trying to wrench his arm away.

"I'm Zachariah," the man answers with a smile, "an angel of the Lord, Castiel's superior, and although you aren't at all necessary to our plans. . . Dean is quite fond of you and I can't imagine he'll play ball if you get yourself stuck here."

Dean has told him and told him, that the angels don't actually give a shit about him, but Sam's been in this place for what feels like hours. He hurts and he just wants to leave, even if he's not sure how. The angel just grabs his arm again and then the light comes, bright and white and hurting.