Skating Dare
by Larry » 04 Jan 2009, 02:54 
skating dare

By Queen of the Ice

As I skated I was very aware of the fact that I was wearing no panties. A cold breeze brushed across my bare butt as my tiny skirt flipped up as I skated faster. I couldn’t believe that I lost that bet. I stepped forward stroking, faster and faster. For a split second my bare pussy was exposed. Could they see? If only I could have landed that triple. Then that bitch Becky would be out here baring her fat butt on the ice instead of me. I had landed the jump in practice. Why couldn’t I have done it then? Slowing down, I raised my arms to stretch as I usually did at warm up. Suddenly, realizing I was exposing my all again. I lowered them. I would lose my skirt soon enough. At least she would let me warm up with my skirt on. I glanced across the rink it was three in the morning. Amy, Becky and Jennifer, the three girls I practiced with were watching me from the side of the rink. They were the only ones here… thank god! I have no idea how Jennifer got the key to the rink, and didn’t want to know. Becky had always been my rival in skating. Last year I edged her out to get into the sectionals. When she challenged me last week, I knew I could beat her. I didn’t know she could even land a triple … until it was too late. As my skirt flipped up again, exposing my pussy, that damned bitch tossed back her long black hair and grinned from ear to ear. Her breast were large, mine were tiny. Her hair was long and blonde, and mine was short and mousy brown. She always had her choice of the cutest boys in school. Nobody even noticed me until I started skating. But I could always…always beat her at skating. She had never beaten me in any competition …until now. Last week she challenged me to a triple toe loop competition. We would both attempt this difficult jump. The one who couldn’t land it would have to do a dare skate bottomless for 20 minutes before the rink opened early in the morning. I had visions of watching her skate around red faced and bare assed while the rest of us watched. Why, I even thought of inviting some guys from the football team over to watch…just to make it more embarrassing for her. I just hope that she didn’t…she wouldn’t…she couldn’t! I glanced around the rink nervously, making sure no one else was watching. I remember setting up for the jump. It was a piece of cake. I had landed it many times. As I landed my leg came out from under me and I fell. I kept thinking to myself…this can’t be happening…this just can’t. I could hear my friend Amy gasps as my soon to be bared butt hit the ice. Then Becky skated out and landed her triple perfectly. I had never even seen her land the jump in practice. I had lost against her for the first time. “OK, warm up is over!” Screamed Becky from across the ice, ”time to take it off”. “Yeah, take it off”, added her friend Jennifer. The moment of truth had arrived. Slowly, I skated to the edge of the rink. “Well …give it up”, laughed Becky, “Time to lose the skirt! My face flushed. Slowly, I pulled the tiny skating skirt down along my muscular legs… exposing my bare butt and pussy. The three girls in front of me were silent as I bit my lip nervously and pulled the skirt over my left skate and blade. Then I put my left skate down and slowly over my right skate and off. Then I was completely bare from the waste down, I sheepishly handed the skirt to Becky. The ultimate humiliation. “Not much between the legs, is there, little girl, hooted Becky as she grabbed my skirt. I cringed and looked down at my sparse brown pubic hair. Slowly, self consciously …I started skating forward. I have never been seen nude by anyone before …and only by him in the dark.


Now I was completely bottomless in a well lit skating rink! As I skated quickly forward, I was excited by the effect the breeze was having on my nude pussy it was exciting. I stepped backwards and wound up, going into a camel spin. As I spun faster, the wind caressed my leg right up to my bare butt. Hey, this was fun! Coming out of the spin, I picked up speed again… setting myself up for an axel, my first bare assed jump. Launching myself off the front outside of my blade I found myself half nude in the air. It was so exciting. I landed the axel perfectly. While skating out of it, I was startled by a crashing sound coming from the stands. Oh god!! Amy had joked about bringing a video camera. Was somebody filming me! I had gone to Nationals once and had some publicity from the local paper. Would I become the next Tanya Harding if pictures got out! I thought of my chances for the Olympics and a career in ice shows going down the drain. Nobody wants to pay to see a slut skate. I glanced across to the grandstands where the noise came from and saw nothing. Relieved, I turned backwards and started to pick up speed again. My heart pumped as I set up for another jump, a double salchow. Landing it I skated faster and faster. Forward, backwards, and forward again. I stretched my leg out and executed a perfect bottomless forward spiral. For the next ten minutes I landed jump after jump perfectly. Excited over my nudity and my skating prowess, I had never felt so free in my life! Glancing over at Becky, I had sensed her annoyance. She had set me up for embarrassment and I had turned it into an exciting situation… and a situation where I skated so well in my entire life! She stood there jealousy as I executed perfect jumps and even perfect bottomless flying camel. I had defeated Becky again …show again that my spirit and energy can beat her looks any day of the week. I was even getting to be a little sexually excited. I was ready to be a soloist for Nudes on Ice! Then I heard that crash in the grandstands again. I glanced over, and to my shock, I saw three guys standing there from the football team. Jeff, the cute quarterback, and Dave…and another guy I didn’t recognize with sexy long hair. Oh god, Oh god! Red faced, I stopped in the middle of the rink and started to cover my pussy with my hands. Becky started laughing loudly. I couldn’t let her get to me. I just couldn’t. Something just snapped inside of me. Ok, I thought to myself, if Becky was going to set me up for a show, I will make it the best show these guys have seen. I would make Katrina Witt look like an amateur. I dropped my hands and turned, facing the guys with my bare clit. I stared right into Jeff’s steely blue eyes. He smiled back. The other two looked away in embarrassment as I felt the power of my sexuality. This mousy, scared little girl was scared no more! Then I started to skate. Stroking forward, faster and faster, then backwards, then forward again. Axel, double axel, toe loop, spins, I skated faster, and every time I passed in front of Jeff, I smiled and looked directly into his eyes. Glancing over at Becky, I noticed that she looked pissed. “What a slut!” Jennifer whispered to Becky when I passed. I skated even faster around the rink. Coming around again I placed my right foot backwards as I stretched my legs. The three girls gasped unison when they realized what I was going to do next. I executed a perfect Spread Eagle right in front of the three guys… or in this case Bare Eagle. As I slid past I gave Jeff a hard sexy glance. Since I couldn’t see myself I could only imagine what the guys saw, but with my legs spread like that, I knew they were seeing the inside pink parts of my pussy while I skated past at high speed. Coming out of the Bare Eagle, I glanced back at Becky. OK, I thought to myself…I’ll show you bitch! I turned backwards and set myself up for a jump. Digging my toe pick into the ice, I launched myself into the air right in front of Becky. Seconds later I landed a perfect triple axel, right on one foot. I was flushed with excitement. Slowing down, I realized. That my 20 minutes of bottomless on ice was up. The three guys were running for the door. In less then 15 minutes, the first skaters would be arriving. For the early morning patch session. We all had to get out of here. Becky and Jennifer were running for the door. “Cindy!” screamed Amy, “here’s your skate bag, we have to get out of here!” Amy Tossed my skate bag onto the ice and started running for the door. “Wait for me, I’ll be right there as soon as I get my skates off,” I responded. As I left the ice and sat down on the plastic chair next to the rink entrance. The feeling of the plastic on my bare butt was interesting, to say the least. I unlaced my skates as I looked for my skirt. My skirt! It wasn’t there. I grabbed my skate bag as I pulled off my left skate. Becky must have put my skirt back in my skate bag. As I grabbed my skate bag my heart sunk. It was lighter then usual. Opening the bag, I panicked, realizing that the bag was empty. Not only was my skirt not in there, but my shoes were also gone. I looked around for my sweatpants I wore over my skating skirt. Also gone! My heart started to race. Even the towel I use to wipe my blades was gone! I got up and ran to the bathroom, hoping to find at least a paper towel to cover my nudity. The bathrooms were locked! I looked around the rink. Shocked to discover that there was nothing there to cover myself with, my mind raced. In less then ten minutes, skaters and coaches would be coming in the door, and most of them knew me! I had to think fast. My boyfriend lived only ten blocks away. I could call him from the front of the rink. I would have to do some fast talking to explain what happened, but it was my only chance! There was a quarter in the pocket of my skating sweater. I would have to chance standing bottomless while I made the call, but I had no other choice. I could ‘cover my ass’ with the skating bag sort of, while I made the call. Grabbing my skate bag, I ran out the front door. As the door slammed behind me, I suddenly realized something else. Running back to the door, I knew it was locked. I was now locked out of the building, naked from the waist down. Running to the phone, I realized that even my feet were bare. Reaching the phone, I put the quarter in and dialed my boyfriend’s number. As an afterthought, I pulled bag behind me to cover my bare butt. “Answer, answer, answer dammit!” I whispered to my self. He picked up the phone. “Hello?” “John its Cindy, help me, I’m at the skating rink, and you need to pick me up now! I’m in trouble!” “It’s four in the morning, Cindy, this better be good”, replied John. “If you come right now, I’ll make it worth your while” I responded. “OK, give me a minute to dress, I’ll be right there” he hung up. Hanging up the phone, I started to realize that it was getting light out. I moved and put my bare back side against the wall. I held my skating bag carefully in front of me covering myself. From a distance it would look like I was wearing a short skirt or shorts or something and the bag was covering it. I hope. I glanced at the road, I prayed that my boyfriend would get to the rink before anyone else did. There I was, standing bottomless in front of the skating rink. Desperately trying to cover my nudity with my skate bag. Hoping that my boyfriend would get here before somebody caught me. Then, a car drove up to the parking lot. Oh God! I thought to myself as my heart stopped. Mrs. Jensen, my skating coach, stepped out of the car. I clutched the skating bag more tightly in front of my bare pussy and pressed my bare ass hard into the brick wall of the building wishing I could disappear into it. I couldn’t let her see me like this! “Hi Cindy!” she yelled from her car as she stepped out and started walking towards me. I stood perfectly still, hoping she wouldn’t notice my bare thighs that weren’t covered by the skate bag. “I didn’t know you were practicing today.” she went on. “Uhh…I’m just waiting for a friend.” I responded. Hoping that she wouldn’t look down. “OK, Well See inside, don’t forget that we have a lesson tomorrow at six.” I breathed a sigh of relief as she walked away towards the door. A minivan pulled up into the parking lot. Oh god! Not now! Mrs. Richards and her two twin girls Pam and Janet got out. These two girls had always admired my skating ability, and since I had been to Nationals once, I was sort of a hero to the other girls at the rink. But I didn’t want the girls to see me dressed like this! Or should I say undressed like this! I gritted my teeth and held my skate bag tightly in front of me. “Hi Cindy,” squealed Pam as she got out of the minivan with her mother and sister. I smiled at her, not daring to wave, afraid to drop the skating bag that hid my nudity from the world. “Thank god”, I thought to myself as the three of them walked to the door of the rink and away from me. When was my boyfriend going to get here? After more minutes I finally saw John’s Geo Metro Convertible pull into the parking lot. Unfortunately for me, he had the top down. He pulled up in front of me and waited for me to get into the car. I looked left, then right, making sure nobody else was around. I couldn’t believe how light it was outside! I realized that it had to be now or never. If I waited any longer, more people would be arriving to see my predicament. So I took a deep breath and ran for the car holding my skate bag in front of my bare pussy as I ran. I was very aware of the fact that my bare ass was exposed to the world, but there was nothing I could do about that. As I jumped into the car, I noticed the lustful grin on John’s face as I felt the sticky vinyl of the seat on my bare butt. Do you have a towel…or a shirt or… something I can wear? “How did you.” “Don’t ask just drive!” “But…” “Drive!!” As we pulled out of the parking lot he put his hand on my bare crotch. “Please “… I asked him, “not her. Just take me home” “I think that since you don’t have any pants on that I have the upper hand.” Sheepish I realized that he was right. “I think we should drive past the school first.” From the look on his face, I realized that this embarrassing ordeal wasn’t over yet. I held my skate bag tightly in front of my crotch as we drove down Pacific Avenue towards the school. I was very aware of the pickups and SUV’S that looked down on us from above. I stared straight ahead, not looking at John. I couldn’t believe he was doing this to me! He pulled into the parking lot at the school and drove right up to the sidewalk where those two bitches, Becky and Jennifer were standing. There were people all over the parking lot. I could not believe this is happening to me! “Well, well, if it isn’t miss nude on ice.” Laughed Becky. I glared at her. John started laughing. Suddenly, Becky reached into the car and grabbed the skating bag that was hiding my nudity. Caught unaware, I let her have it. Quickly I moved both hands to cover my sudden nudity. “Hey John”, giggled Becky, “We should make run around parking lot that in front of the whole school before you take her home.” I turned and gave John a ‘how could you’ look. He just smiled. Suddenly, I realized that had been set up again. I looked around nervously at all of the people in the parking lot who would see me. I was just about ready to cry. ”Well, how bout it?” blurted John, “Jog once around the parking lot showing bare pussy and ass then I’ll take you home!” “You Bastard!!, How much did she pay you!!”, I screamed. He just smiled. “OHHHHHHH!” I looked around again, thinking of how I could get out of this. Just then, Daniel Doyle, the team’s star cornerback, drove up in his new Corvette. “Oh, good.” I thought to myself. He gets to see me too. “Hey, wait a minute”, I thought, “If I want to make a first impression on a guy who wouldn’t normally even look at me…” I had already done several things this that I never thought I was capable of. I might as well. I looked over to the Corvette, across the where Daniel was sitting and took a deep breath. Well, here goes nothing. I pushed open the door and ran like hell. I could feel the stares of everybody around me as I bared my butt in the attempt to run to safety. I could feel the breeze against my pubic hair as I run. I couldn’t believe how brave I had become, but, hey, I had nothing left to lose. I felt like I was running in slow motion, seeing every head turn to stare at me as I ran, their eyes boring into my most private parts. Reaching the other side of the road, I grabbed the door handle on the passenger’s side of Daniel’s Corvette. Drive! Please? I asked him weakly, hoping that he wouldn’t throw me out. The tires squealed. We were away! Finally! As we drove onto Pacific Avenue he Glanced shyly into my eyes, afraid to look any lower, unlike my now ex-boyfriend, John. Can I give you something to…uhhh…cover yourself. He reached into a gym bag behind his seat and produced a towel. Gingerly, without saying a word, I lifted my butt off the seat and wrapped the towel around my nude torso. ”How did you…what happened to…” “Let’s just say I did a dare. I responded, looking deep into his brown eyes.” For a moment, I almost wished he had looked while I was still bottomless. “Hey aren’t you Cindy Nelson, the Championship Figure Skater?” he asked, looking back at me. “I read about you in the paper last winter.” “Well…yes, I am” I replied, “at least I think I am.” “Wow” Cindy Nelson in my car… “Butt Naked, from the waist down!” “Well, yes, it doesn’t happen to me everyday.” he laughed. I started laughing too. “Where can take the future Olympic Champion?” he asked. “Just take me home…where I can get some pants…or a skirt…or …oh man I can’t believe I just jumped into a car half naked with a good looking guy…and …oh wow, I don’t believe this.” “You really think I’m good looking?” he asked. “Uhhh…” I responded looking down. “Well what are you doing tomorrow night?” “Uhhh…turn right here…I live right up the street.” As he pulled up to my house, I pulled the towel around me and jumped out. I realized as I got out that the towel was almost as short as one of my skating skirts. And I really wanted him to see my legs, and more. I stopped in the middle of the lawn and looked back at him. “Pick Me up at 7 tomorrow night!” I yelled back to him. Then I glanced around the neighborhood to make sure there was no one else around. And Daniel... I unwrapped the towel and threw it into the car, and then I pulled my sweater over my head leaving myself completely nude in front of him. “I thought you might want this back!” I spun around showing my tight little butt. Then ran like hell before anyone else could see me nude.

