Ellen's Quiet Day at Home
byFentrisRook©

Ellen woke up bleary eyed, a look at her phone told her it was just after 9am on Sunday. The bright sunlight shining through the curtains was dulled but still made the room quite well lit. She contemplated pulling the covers over her head and going back to sleep but decided she didn't want to risk losing most of what looked to be a beautiful day to sleep.

Despite having a late night out with her friends and having had a few drinks Ellen was feeling pretty good. She stretched and yawned before getting out of bed. Ellen went over to the curtains and pulled them open, flinching slightly as the unfiltered light poured in. The sky was a bright blue with no clouds in sight making Ellen contemplate how she should spend the day. To her it looked like it might be a perfect day to go to the beach. Just as the logistics of her plans were running through her head her stomach rumbled and the need for coffee and something to eat asserted itself over any plans she was making for the day.

Ellen checked how she looked in the mirror on her dresser to make sure her appearance wouldn't give anyone a fright or worse, an opportunity to tease her. Her dark brown shoulder length hair was tousled but nowhere near the Bride of Frankenstein's hair level of disaster. Her hazel eyes were clear and her face looked fresh. She was glad that she hadn't gotten absolutely wasted the night before or she probably would have been paying for it this morning. Her face was quite pale but that would be fixed by a bit of time lying on the beach out in the sun.

Satisfied with her appearance Ellen left her bedroom to get some breakfast. She didn't bother to change her clothes, the oversized t-shirt she wore as a bed-shirt was sufficiently long enough to cover her underwear and prevent any inadvertent flashing. She also didn't feel the need to put a bra on as her smaller sized breasts wouldn't move around too much to attract attention from her parents.

Walking down the hallway to the kitchen Ellen noted that the house was very quiet, normally there would be music playing or the sound of something from the television. Passing the living room there wasn't any sign of anyone. While her older sister Stacey usually stayed over at her boyfriend's house on a Saturday night, her parents were almost never out of the house this early on a Sunday morning. Entering the kitchen Ellen saw a note on the counter along with some money. The note told her that her parents had gone out on a day trip with their neighbours, the Atkins and they wouldn't be home until late. The money was for Ellen and her sister to get some pizza or some other fast food for dinner.

After reading the note Ellen went to the garage to check which vehicle her parents had taken. Opening the door to the garage she saw that her father's truck was still there and then sighed with disappointment. Her father didn't like anyone else driving the truck so he kept the keys on him at all times. If Ellen wanted to go to the beach she would have to get one of her friends to drive.

Ellen made some coffee and toast and then called up each of her friends to see if they were up for a day at the beach. Unfortunately most of them had been drinking pretty heavily last night and were in no condition to leave their houses. Her friends Brooke and Maria were the only ones that had been like her and not gone overboard with drinking but that was because they had already made plans for today. Brooke asked if Ellen wanted to join them and their boyfriends in playing some mini golf but she declined, not wanting to be a fifth wheel.

At this moment Ellen wished she had a boyfriend herself, someone to take her places and to spend time with her. But she didn't have a boyfriend and knew that she wasn't interested in the give and take that a proper relationship would involve.

Ellen slumped against the kitchen counter feeling defeated, despite the good weather it looked like she might be stuck at home. Giving her head a shake, she decided to take a shower and see if she could come up with something to do.

Stepping out of the shower Ellen studied her reflection as she dried herself. After coming out of winter she hadn't spent much time out in the sun and so her body was the same pale white all over. Once she had thoroughly towelled over her chest she looked at it critically, she often wished that her breasts were larger, but right now standing there examining her naked body she was able to appreciate how well they suited her slim frame. Her light brown nipples stood out in stark contrast to the pale flesh of her breasts.

Shifting her gaze downwards she smiled at the sight of her toned stomach, turning to the side to see her profile she was pleased with how flat it was. With a slight waist and only a minimal flare to her hips she had quite an athletic figure. Ellen turned her body back to face the mirror and she focused on the well maintained patch of dark brown pubic hair at the top of her pussy. She brushed a hand against the soft hair on her mound, it was still short enough that it didn't need trimming just yet. Turning side on again Ellen frowned as her gaze went to the only part of her body that she was really dissatisfied with. Her backside was small, keeping in line with the rest of her body. While her ass was firm and had a nice roundness, to Ellen's mind it looked small and flat making her look like a teenage boy. In fact back in high school at one time she had really short hair and she had been occasionally mistaken for a boy by people behind her. The experience had made her vow to never cut her hair short again. Ellen was somewhat envious of some of her friends who had more fuller figures and breasts, they in turn told her that they would rather be slim like her.

Not lingering on the perceived flaws of her body Ellen ran her hands from her hips down the sides of her legs. As she had shaved them yesterday before going out they were still smooth to her touch. Giving herself another quick look over she found that overall she looked pretty good. Ellen went to the gym at university often and while she had always been slim her workouts had given her a more toned appearance.

Ellen put on some casual shorts and a t-shirt and lay on her bed to think of what she could do. Without a car of her own she would have to take public transport to get around. That would prevent her from going shopping as she really didn't like having to carry around a bunch of bags. She also considered seeing a movie but there wasn't anything she really wanted to see.

Thinking of the clear blue sky Ellen wanted to be outside and spend some time in the sun. Since she wasn't able to go to the beach maybe she could settle for the next best thing. The Atkins had a pool and a hot tub, Ellen could always go for a swim.

Since her family was close friends with the Atkins they were happy for her to come over and use their pool. They unfortunately didn't have any chairs that she could use to lie down on and sunbathe for a bit. That however made her think, she could do some sunbathing in her backyard and then go next door for a swim. Her only concern was the potential for the other neighbours to watch her sunbathe. None of the houses surrounding her home were two storeys so there wasn't any possibility of someone looking down into the backyard and watching her but that didn't mean that she still couldn't be seen.

Besides the Atkins, Ellen didn't really know the neighbours. She had seen the other next-door neighbours every now and then when her coming and goings coincided with theirs. She would say hi or wave to them but that was the extent of their interaction.

Of the houses at the back of hers, Ellen had never met or seen who lived there. Sometimes when she was out in the backyard she could hear people talking but she had never seen anyone in person. Ellen had no idea if any of the other neighbours might be at home and could see her sunbathing.

When she stepped out onto the back porch Ellen looked toward the surrounding houses to check whether anyone would be able to see her lying out on the grass. From what she could see the fences would be high enough to block the view of the houses at the back of the yard. When she turned toward the next door neighbours house she couldn't see any of their windows and so figured that they wouldn't be able to see into the backyard.

Convinced that she would have enough privacy Ellen went back into the house to change. Currently Ellen had only two swimsuits, a one piece for when she actually wanted to swim and a bikini for casual fun. After putting on the bikini she put her hair up in a high ponytail to keep it out of the way.

Ellen went out into the backyard again with a beach towel and picked out a spot on the grass that was in direct sunlight and was somewhat close to the house. She knelt down on the spot and looked around at the surrounding houses again. When she was satisfied that she wouldn't be able to be seen from the surrounding houses, she laid the beach towel out onto the grass. She then went back inside to grab a few other things including a book, her phone, sunglasses, a bottle of water and importantly some sunscreen.

While she wanted to get a bit more colour, she didn't want to get cooked so she liberally applied sunscreen all over her uncovered skin. Her back was a little tricky but she was eventually satisfied that she got sunscreen everywhere she needed it. Once that was done she lay down on her stomach, feeling more comfortable with starting with her back facing up.

Immediately Ellen reached behind her back to undo the clasp of her top. She then pulled the straps off her shoulders and took her arms out of the loops. Once she was free from the top she pulled it out from underneath her and set it by the other items she had brought out. Being topless like this didn't bother her, she and her friends had done this at the beach often enough. While there was a sense of strangeness at being topless in the backyard of her home Ellen reminded herself it was far more private than the beach.

The only problem now was her bikini bottoms, she wanted to minimise her tan lines as much as possible but her bikini covered a lot of her butt cheeks. Ordinarily she was happy with the coverage it gave her but it wasn't ideal for sunbathing.

She pulled the material covering her ass up higher, giving herself a slight wedgie in the process. Ellen sighed, having her bikini like this was uncomfortable and she would still end up with tanlines, it would be better if she could just take them off. The thought came to Ellen immediately, if no one could see her, was there any reason she couldn't take her bikini bottoms off completely?

There was a spike of tension in her stomach, with her top already off if she did remove the bikini bottoms she would be fully naked. Getting naked in the backyard seemed a bit too much but she told herself again it wasn't like she was in the line of sight of any of the neighbours' houses. In order for someone to see her they would need to come right up to the fence and peer over it. That wasn't out of the question but it was very unlikely to happen. If Ellen wanted to avoid tan lines this was her best opportunity. The tension in her stomach turned into a kind of nervous excitement as she convinced herself that it would be fine. Even if someone did peek over the fence, due to her lying on her stomach they wouldn't see much more than they could already.

Before she could chicken out Ellen hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her bikini and lifted her hips off the ground before pushing the bikini down off her ass. She got the bikini to below her butt cheeks so that it was sitting in the crease where her butt met her thighs. It was a lot more comfortable without her bikini wedged in her crack. She lay there like that for a moment listening out for anyone who might be nearby.

Not hearing anything, Ellen lifted her butt and brought her knees forward. She was aware that with her head down and ass up she was exposing more of her body but accepted that it would only be for a moment. Reaching back she pulled the bottoms down her thighs. Once her bikini bottoms were around her knees she lowered herself so that she was lying flat again. Wriggling her legs up and down, she was able to get the bikini bottoms to gradually slide to her ankles, she then lifted her feet and bent her legs so that her ankles were by her butt, close enough for her to reach back and pull the bikini bottoms from her feet before putting them with her top. Ellen felt a slight thrill of excitement about being naked, she couldn't believe that she had actually fully stripped down in her backyard.

On a whim she grabbed her phone and took a photo herself, making sure that the picture captured a view of her bare ass behind her. She had absolutely no intention of posting it on the internet or sending it to anyone, she just wanted something to remind her of how daring she had been. She then set a timer on her phone to tell her when she should turn over.

It occurred to Ellen that she now had skin exposed that had not been covered in sunscreen. The last thing she wanted was to get sunburn on the parts of her ass that would be coming into constant contact with clothing or would get irritated every time she sat down. She reached over for the tube of sunscreen and put a good sized blob on the palm of one hand before rubbing her hands together to transfer some of the sunscreen. Reaching back, Ellen started at the top of her ass and then gave her cheeks a good going over before sliding her hands in between them. It felt naughty to be touching herself like this out in the open and that feeling only increased when her fingers grazed her butthole and the bottom of her pussy. A tingle went up her spine and when she touched them again she told herself she was just being thorough with applying the sunscreen. With her back now properly coated in sunscreen Ellen picked up her book to read as she soaked up some sunshine.

At first Ellen kept her legs together to maintain some semblance of modesty but then she realised that she might end up with rather odd tan lines on the inside of her legs. She separated her legs a fraction at a time until her feet were about shoulder's width apart. She was overly aware that her pussy was now exposed though anyone in the position to be able to see it would probably need binoculars to get a proper look.

Feeling exposed, Ellen's body was tense as if she was preparing to cover herself at any moment. Eventually Ellen relaxed and let herself enjoy the warmth of lying out in the sun while she read her book. While she knew that wearing a bikini didn't provide much more cover, being naked felt more freeing. Ellen considered that feeling that way was probably also due to the comfort of not having people around looking at her.

After what seemed like a short while Ellen's focus on her book was broken by the alarm on her phone ringing to tell her that it was time to turn over. She was a little hesitant, she had never even gone frontside up topless at the beach and now she was about to have her tits and pussy out in the open. She reassured herself that there hadn't been any sign of people in the neighbouring yards so she thought it was probably safe.

Ellen took a quick look around to confirm that no one was around before she turned herself over on the towel. It was unreal looking down and seeing her bare breasts and her bush out in the sun like this. She reached for her phone again and took a photo of her point of view. It was a good photo but Ellen thought her breasts looked too flat and wanted another photo that was more flattering to her chest. Turning to lie on her side Ellen was happier with how her breasts looked and took another photo, this time including her face in the picture.

When she put her phone back down she grabbed the sunscreen. With a playful smile on her face Ellen held the tube above her breasts and squirted some sunscreen across her chest. Seeing the white cream splatter over her tits gave her chuckle and she felt compelled to take another photo before she began to rub the sunscreen into her skin.

Using her fingers Ellen spread the sunscreen out over her breasts before progressing to using the whole of her hands to thoroughly massage the sunscreen in. She kneaded and pushed her breasts together then pressed her thumbs against her nipples just to make sure they were covered too. Her touch caused her nipples to harden and she felt a faint flush of heat spread through her body. Ellen stopped her hands and moved them away. While she had to acknowledge that there was a part of this she found sexually exciting she scolded herself for giving into that feeling. A moment later Ellen felt she had herself back under control and she could continue applying sunscreen to her body.

However the massage of her breasts had her more worked up than she wanted to admit. After putting some more sunscreen on her hands she began to rub it on the parts of her hips and pelvis that had previously been covered. When her fingers reached her pubic hair Ellen had to stop herself from lifting her pelvis to press back against her hand. She was embarrassed by how her breathing was getting heavier and how much she was being affected by relatively innocent touching. Ellen was a little concerned about what she might do the closer she got to touching her pussy.

Biting her lip Ellen moved her hands down to her thighs and applied some sunscreen to the soft silky skin of her upper thighs. Her fingers then slid up and down the sensitive skin of her crotch, tantalisingly close to her pussy. When she had worked the sunscreen in she paused, thinking that she could stop now, most of her skin had been protected and it wasn't like she was going to be sunbathing that long. However, there was an insistent voice in her mind that asked whether she really wanted to risk a sunburnt pussy. It seemed unlikely but the possibility was enough that she bit the bullet, put a little more sunscreen on her hands and quickly ran her hands over the outer lips of her pussy. The pressure of her fingers was quite pleasurable and she could feel her body reacting to her touch. After making sure the sunscreen had been worked into her skin properly Ellen fought the urge to run a finger through her pussy. She was sure that if she did she would find herself wet and end up masturbating out here in the open.

Ellen was self conscious about how heavy she was breathing and felt like people would be able to hear her and know what she was doing. She focused her attention on her surroundings and tried to listen out for signals of other people. There was still no hint of anyone being around but she became painfully aware of just how loud her breathing was.

Looking to calm herself she stretched out with her arms above her head and closed her eyes. Blocking out everything but the feel of the sun on her skin Ellen was able to control her breathing. Enjoying the feeling of freedom from lying out naked in the sun Ellen was able to relax, her arousal waned and was forgotten.

Unfortunately it wasn't too long until the warmth of the sun began to get to Ellen and make her a little lightheaded. She drank some water and figured it would be a good idea to go for a swim and cool down.

With a touch of disappointment Ellen put her bikini back on before picking up everything she had brought outside and taking it back inside the house. She thought about putting on some flip flops to walk over to the Atkins' pool but it was a short walk that was mostly on grass so she didn't bother. With the towel and her phone in hand, Ellen went from the backyard up the side of the house and used the side gate to get to the front of the house.

Out the front Ellen saw that the street was quiet, there wasn't anyone else in sight. As she walked around the fence separating her front yard from the Atkins' she looked over to the neighbours on the other side of her house. Neither of their cars were in the driveway but they could just be parked inside their garage.

Ellen wondered if there was anyone in the houses across the street who could see her in her bikini walking next door. She smiled at the thought that if there was, they had missed a much more interesting show.

The side gate to the Atkins backyard was on the side closest to Ellen's house so she was only out the front for a very short while. Once she was in the Atkins' backyard she placed her towel and phone on the outside table before heading to the pool and diving straight in.

The water was shockingly cold at first but it definitely helped to clear her head, she soon got used to the temperature and it became nice and refreshing. Ellen swam a couple of lazy laps before just peacefully lying back to enjoy the water. It felt nice but after having been lying in the sun for some time Ellen wanted something to occupy her mind. She looked over toward the table with her phone thinking she could check on her friends and see if they would be up to do something later in the day. The water was nice though and she thought that she could sit on the side of the pool and dangle her legs in the water. She then realised that she could use the hot tub and put it on at a cool temperature.

Ellen got her towel, dried herself and grabbed her phone before heading to the hot tub. Mr Atkins had shown Ellen and her sister how to operate the tub so it was no issue for her to set it up the way she wanted it. Ellen set the water temperature to low, it would be warmer than the pool but still cool. Not feeling the need for bubbles she kept the water jets at a low pressure. The tub was fairly spacious, it could fit six average sized people comfortably, it could fit a couple more but it would be a tight fit. It was also quite deep, sitting up straight the water would reach the tops of Ellen's breasts.

The water temperature was comfortable and the lightly churning water felt good against her skin. Ellen sat back and reached for her phone. She sent a few messages to her friends but it looked like they were all still in no condition to do anything, even sending coherent replies seemed to be an effort. She then checked her social media feeds for a bit, other than a few pictures of Brooke and Maria with their boyfriends at mini golf there wasn't anything all that interesting.

A little bored, Ellen decided to experiment with the hot tub settings. She turned the jets up to the maximum and was caught off guard by the suddenly violently surging water. As quick as she could Ellen turned the jets down by about a quarter. The water was still frothy but it no longer resembled a sea in a storm.

Ellen moved to sit down and jolted in surprise when she felt the pressure of the hot tub jets pushing water against her ass. It was a firm pressure and when she moved her ass around it felt like she was being massaged. As she moved to sit down and have her back massaged, a water jet hit her crotch making her jolt upright again. The sensation of the water pushing on her covered pussy while unexpected had been quite pleasant. Feeling a little naughty she moved her pussy back into position in the path of the water jet. After letting the water continue to massage her pussy for a while, the arousal from earlier in the day reemerged. The question rose in Ellen's mind that if the pressure felt good on her covered pussy what would it feel like without her swimsuit in the way?

Without stopping to think about it Ellen turned to face the hot tub jet, pulled the crotch of her bikini bottoms to the side and moved her uncovered pussy in front of the jet. The pressure of the water hitting her clit and pussy felt a lot better. She soon found herself breathing harder and gently rocking her hips to vary the stimulation on her clit. With her hands holding onto the side of the tub for balance the crotch of her bikini partially slipped back into place, muting the sensation from the water jets.

Ellen paused, if she wanted to continue using the water jets to masturbate she may as well take her bikini bottoms off. The hot tub wouldn't be visible from the surrounding houses and anyway her pussy would be underwater. The sensible part of her made her feel that what she was contemplating was weird and dirty. She had already pushed past the bounds of decency by testing how the water jet felt on her bare pussy, anything more would be deviant. Another part of her mind raised the thought that the tub was bound to have seen some action over the years. She didn't want the mental picture of the Atkins having sex in the tub but it did convince her that what she was thinking of doing was relatively tame. The water had felt really good and her body didn't seem to want to be denied another opportunity to get off. Without any concerns about being seen weighing on her, Ellen discarded her worries about propriety and decided to go ahead.

Ellen took a seat before pushing her bikini bottoms down her legs and slipping them off her feet. She felt a buzz of excitement as she lifted her bikini bottoms out of the water and dropped them over the side of the tub. Ellen got back up and positioned herself in front of a water jet, with the stream hitting her bush just above her slit. She hesitated for a moment before raising her pussy into the path of the jet. The initial contact made her gasp and then she was breathing heavier as the stimulation really started to affect her.

The constant push of water felt good but it wasn't hitting her clit quite right. Ellen experimented by moving her hips subtly side to side before she tilted her pussy toward the spa jet. The change in position worked like a charm and the surge in sensation made her body shudder. "Fuuucck", she swore out loud and Ellen had to bite her lip to prevent herself from letting out a deep moan that seemed to have worked its way up from her pussy.

Caught in the moment Ellen pulled her bikini top off and flung it beside the tub to join her bikini bottoms. Being completely naked in her next door neighbours hot tub and then using the water jets to masturbate was amazingly inappropriate and the feeling of being naughty added to her arousal.

While the water was supporting her a bit, Ellen's stance was getting difficult to keep up. Wanting to maintain the angle that the water jet hit her pussy Ellen lifted a leg up and rested it over the side of the tub. With her leg up like that her pussy was spread open wider and the jet was able to more effectively stimulate her pussy lips as well as her clit. The stimulation began to really affect Ellen so she grabbed onto the side of the tub to keep her balance.

Lost in her pleasure Ellen groaned out loud, no longer mindful of people possibly hearing her. She released one hand from the side of the tub and brought it to a breast, giving it a hard squeeze and then pulling at her nipple. The jet was doing an amazing job of stimulating her and the tension rapidly built in her body. When Ellen felt her climax approaching she didn't fight it, crying out loud as her body tensed and her pussy began to spasm.

Once the peak of her orgasm had passed it felt like Ellen's whole body had lost all of its strength. The leg she was standing on was feeling rubbery so Ellen took her other leg off the side of the tub and sank down onto one of the seats until only her head was above water.

Lying there Ellen realised that she hadn't made any attempt at keeping her moans and cries quiet. In her post orgasmic haze she wasn't too worried, even if someone could see her now they wouldn't see much. As far as Ellen could tell there wasn't anyone in earshot so she doubted anyone had heard her.

Once she recovered from the loose feeling in her limbs Ellen stood up and stretched. After all her caution in making sure there wasn't anyone around who could see her Ellen accepted that she was free from prying eyes. She now felt comfortable being naked, especially in the privacy of the Atkins' spa and not having to think about maintaining some modesty was really liberating.

Wanting to capture this moment and how she was currently feeling, Ellen grabbed her phone and snapped some photos of herself in the spa. Once she had started, Ellen couldn't help taking some more photos of herself in a number of different positions and from different angles.

When it felt like she had exhausted the photo possibilities, Ellen decided to get a little more daring. She went over to the pool which wasn't as out of sight as the hot tub to take some photos of herself lying by it. The buzz of excitement in Ellen pushed her to take her posing even further. She started taking photos of herself that made it look like she was touching and teasing herself sexually, she put her hand on her pussy or grabbed her breasts and nipples. Soon though it didn't just look like she was just posing as even her lightest touches were sending tingles of arousal through her body. Ellen started to feel self conscious at just how easily she was getting turned on. She told herself it was just because her orgasm had made her body more sensitive and it was more receptive to being touched, it couldn't be due to photographing herself naked. Ellen took a few more photos but backed away from sexual poses.

Once she was satisfied with photos she had taken Ellen was feeling warm again from a combination of the sun and from being turned on by the naughty photos she had taken. To cool off Ellen took another swim in the pool, the cold water again refreshed her and helped to reduce her arousal. Even without the illicit thrill from skinny dipping in her neighbour's pool in the middle of the day, Ellen was surprised at just how good it felt to glide through the water completely naked.

When Ellen emerged from the pool she couldn't help noticing how the water ran down the length of her body without a swimsuit to obstruct it. The sight of the water cascading off her in the bright sunlight made her feel undeniably sexy and she felt unusually confident of her appearance. For a moment regardless of her state of undress, she wished someone else could see her in her current state. Ellen thought that she would just have to settle for a photo. After bringing her towel and phone closer to the pool Ellen released her hair from its ponytail and jumped back into the pool. When she climbed out of the pool again she had the added benefit of the water from her hair streaming down her body. She dried her hand, picked up her phone and quickly took photos of her dripping wet body. Ellen flicked her hair back and squeezed some water out of it before trying to get some photos of the water running down her back and ass. Taking the photos of her ass required some awkward twisting and it was difficult to get a good angle so Ellen only took a few shots. On review the photos of her ass turned out okay and while Ellen was actually happy with how her ass looked she didn't feel like they were as good as the photos of her front side.

It was now a little after one in the afternoon and Ellen was feeling hungry and thirsty. There was nothing further keeping her at the Atkins' house so Ellen decided it was time to go back to her house. She shut the spa down and tidied up after herself.

Ellen looked at her bikini and wasn't feeling enthused about putting it back on. Instead of putting her bikini back on, Ellen considered that she could just wrap her towel around herself for the walk home. That idea didn't appeal to her either. Maybe her current comfort with being naked was affecting her but she thought that maybe she could walk back to her house just as she was. The thought of walking out the front naked sent a thrill through Ellen. She paused, wondering if she was seriously thinking about doing it.

The sensible part of her pushed itself to the forefront of her mind and tried to dismiss the idea as fanciful. Ellen told herself that it was reckless, she could get caught and embarrassed. And if she was seen it would likely be by someone she would see around the neighbourhood often, meaning she could be in for a long period of constant embarrassment whenever she ran into whoever saw her.

Those concerns were serious but still weren't enough to put an end to Ellen considering walking home naked. She was able to dismiss her concerns with the knowledge that she wasn't going to be out the front for very long. At most it would take a minute and she would have to really drag her feet for that to be the case. She was also fairly sure that there wouldn't be anyone around that would see her. Ellen still couldn't hear anything that indicated that there was anyone out on the street. The only real concern that she couldn't dismiss was that someone might spot her from inside their house, but again Ellen told herself it wasn't like she would be out there for that long. A mischievous thought arose that it would be fine with her if someone did see her as long she wasn't aware of it.

As she continued to mentally debate going out naked she chided herself for wasting time. If she had just gone ahead she would already be home. Ellen pushed herself to make a decision. Thinking about it Ellen realised that she actually wanted to try walking home naked, her arguments against doing it was just her nervousness making her reluctant. Knowing that she needed to psych herself up Ellen thought through how she was planning to do it and whether she could actually go through with it.

Ultimately what finally convinced her to go ahead with walking home naked was the tingle of excitement she got just from thinking about how daring it would be. The risk that she would be seen had her feeling butterflies in her stomach but it also seemed to energise her, she felt like there was excess of energy in her limbs urging her to move. Ellen picked up her bikini and placed it over her arm, she then got her towel and placed that over the bikini. With her phone already in hand she had everything that she had brought over and was ready to go.

She walked up to the gate and took a deep breath to try and calm her nerves. Ellen undid the latch and pulled the gate open. The first few steps weren't all that difficult, she was still mostly out of sight from the street. The sound of the side gate latching as she pulled it closed behind her made her choice seem final, that she had no other option but to go forward.

Ellen kept her eyes focused on the ground in front of her not wanting to wildly look around to see if anyone was around to see her naked. She resisted the urge to walk quickly and made herself act nonchalant like there was nothing out of the ordinary. However inside she was a bundle of nerves and excitement, she felt utterly exposed and that exposure out in the street had her heart racing.

As she neared the end of the fence she looked around casually, there wasn't anyone in sight and no hint of any cars that might soon be passing by. When she passed the end of the fence and made the turn toward her house she felt a faint suggestion in her mind that wanted her to pause there close to the street for a moment and prolong the exposure of her tits and pussy. However she ignored it as being far too risky, choosing to keep moving and making her way toward the sidegate of her house.

With only her backside visible to the street it wasn't as nerve wracking and Ellen was able to bring herself to put a little more sway to her butt as she walked. As she reached the gate she thought she could hear a car approaching, her adrenaline spiked and she hurried to open it and get out of sight. As she swung the gate open and headed through she heard the car passing by, she didn't dare look around to see if the driver had spotted her.

Closing the gate behind her Ellen could feel her heart racing. Other than the car there hadn't been any sign of anyone else on the street. It didn't seem like the car's driver or anyone else had seen her, but there was no way that she could tell if someone had been watching her behind the windows of the houses on the opposite side of the street.

Without the focus on acting calm occupying her mind Ellen became aware of the built up arousal running through her. Looking down she saw that her nipples had formed stiff peaks. She cupped her pussy in her hand and was a little shocked at just how wet she was. It was clear to her that being naked outside and particularly out on the front yard in view of the street had turned her on. It was an interesting thing to learn about herself, she had never had any inkling that being naked could turn her on like this. Though she had never risked showing herself off in public either.

She resisted the urge to slip her fingers into her pussy and bring herself to another climax. The nervousness from her naked walk and the shock of the car passing by had stripped away any ease she had with being naked outside. At the moment Ellen wanted to get to the safety of the inside of the house more than she needed to masturbate.

Once inside the house Ellen exhaled in relief and then after a moment laughed in amazement. Now that she was completely out of view she could hardly believe what she had done. There was a small kernel of arousal in her body but Ellen didn't pay it much attention. There were other things to take care of first and she was still a little self-conscious about what had caused her arousal.

Ellen took her towel and bikini and dropped them into the laundry. She was about to head to her room to get dressed when her stomach rumbled. On a whim Ellen decided that taking care of her hunger couldn't wait for her to put some clothes on. So instead of heading to her room she went to the kitchen.

Ellen went to the fridge first to see if there was anything in there she wanted to eat. As she stood in front of the open fridge the cold air caressed her bare body, making her nipples harden. The novelty of being naked in the kitchen dawned on her and she once again felt the urge to take some pictures of herself somewhere she would never normally be naked. Ellen had some fun with it, putting on some music and dancing around the kitchen as she thought of interesting ways to pose.

Once she had run out of ideas for posing in the kitchen Ellen made her way to other rooms to find places where she would never be naked. Mischievously she also went into the garage and got some photos of herself lying on the hood of her father's truck.

After the initial thrill, her casual nudity around the house felt fun and freeing but it didn't have the blood pumping excitement as being outside where there was a chance she could be seen. All the energy she had expended dancing around the house had made her even hungrier.

Ellen made her way back to the kitchen where she ended up making herself a peanut butter sandwich. To go with the sandwich she opened a bag of potato chips and grabbed an orange soda to drink. As she ate Ellen reflected on her day so far. She had resigned herself to a lazy and uneventful day but so far it had turned out to be quite the opposite. Unexpectedly she found she quite enjoyed being naked and thought she would remain undressed until her sister got home.

When she had finished eating her lunch, Ellen went to the living room to watch television. Mindful that it might not be a great idea to sit on the sofa bare assed she brought a towel to sit on.

As she was searching for something to watch her mind got a little distracted by how bizarre it was to be casually sitting naked in the living room. With the curtains open on the large living room window that faced the street there was a lot of light coming in and she was able see some of the front yard from where she was sitting. It made her feel a little like she was still exposed even though no one could possibly see far enough inside the house to see her. Nevertheless Ellen felt a slight tension running through her body, it seemed to her that she might be up for some more excitement. Unable to ignore the feeling, she got up from the sofa and went up to the windows to look out at the street. 

Besides the regular curtains, the windows in the living room also had gauzy white curtains that let light in but maintained some privacy. Standing close to them Ellen was able to see the street clearly but knew that she shouldn't be visible from outside, at least not in detail. At most someone might see the outline of her standing there but they wouldn't be able to tell that she was naked. She brought her hands up to her breasts and squeezed them gently. She flicked her nipples with her thumb and then pressed down on them as they began to harden.

Ellen thought back to her walk from the Atkins back to her house. Had someone seen her? Even though her nude walk was some time ago was there someone even now looking toward her house and wondering if she would emerge naked into the front yard again. Without thinking, Ellen took hold of the gauzy curtain and pulled it to the side. If anyone was watching surely they would see the movement in the curtains, it was also light enough inside her house that they would probably be able to see her clearly. Excitement began to build within her stomach again and she wondered just what she was going to do if she noticed someone passing by or some movement in one of the houses across the street.

The longer she stood there exposed to the street, the greater the possibility that she would be seen. Part of her told her that she should pull the curtain back in front of her, she had already exposed herself to the street, what else did she want to do? However a greater part of her wanted to push her boundaries even further and see just how far she could stand there where she could be seen.

One of her hands moved to her crotch, covering up her pubic hair and the top of her pussy. Any modesty achieved by having her hand covering her pussy was voided by her fingers visibly stroking the flesh around her clit. Ellen's other hand went to her breasts but didn't make any attempt at covering them. Instead she used her hand to pull and pinch her hard nipples sending jolts of pleasure down to pussy. As she let herself get caught up in her building arousal Ellen almost closed her eyes but resisted, feeling the need to keep watch for anyone who might see her.

Ellen decided that she would keep herself exposed until she saw someone or when she had an orgasm, whichever happened first. It was tense standing there fully naked and masturbating where at any moment someone could appear and see her. That tension also added to her arousal, the naughtiness of what she was doing seemed to make the stimulation more intense. Ellen felt that it wouldn't take much longer for her to come and she was surprised to find herself a little disappointed that there hadn't been anyone around. It wasn't that she wanted to be seen but it would have been thrilling to have that possibility appear. Ellen teased herself by entertaining the thought that maybe someone across the street was watching her right now, out of her sight but able to clearly see her playing with herself.

Ellen's eyes widened when she noticed some movement and turned to see a car approaching. She froze for a second before she spun out of sight behind the drawn curtains at the side of the window. The surge of adrenaline fed her arousal and her fingers continued to play with her clit until she let out a loud moan and climaxed. Leaning back on the curtains, Ellen swore that she had seen the driver of the car start to look her way but maybe that was just her imagination playing on her newfound appetite for risky exposure.

Feeling satisfied and grinning at her own daring Ellen pulled the gauzy curtain back in place and made her way back to the sofa.

By mid-afternoon Ellen was wondering when Stacey would be getting home, she would normally be back from staying over at her boyfriend Brad's place around this time but she had occasionally stayed later. She didn't care what time her sister got home but she would have appreciated a message to let her know when to expect her to arrive. Stacey's absence gave Ellen the opportunity to remain naked but she had to keep alert in case Stacey suddenly showed up.

Around 5pm Ellen received a message from Stacey telling her that she would be home late. Stacey was going to have dinner with her boyfriend so Ellen shouldn't wait for her before getting something to eat.

Thinking about what to have for dinner, Ellen considered her options. There were a number of places that would deliver to her home but in the end she decided to go with pizza. While she genuinely did want pizza there was also a part of her that recognised that the delivery drivers for the pizza place tended to be young men.

When Ellen called to make her pizza order she got a kick out of talking to someone while she was naked. She thought that if for some strange reason she was asked what she was wearing she could put on a seductive voice and tell them that she wasn't wearing anything at all. Of course that didn't happen and the call went as it usually would. The man taking her order informed her that her pepperoni and mushroom pizza would be delivered in about half an hour.

The wait for the pizza to arrive seemed agonisingly long. She tried to watch something on television but she was too distracted by thoughts of how she should deal with the delivery. Ellen certainly wasn't going to answer the door naked but she did want to put on some sort of show for the delivery person. While she wanted to come across as confident and sexy she knew she would be jittery from excitement or nervousness. Ellen decided she may as well play into that and with her towel nearby she thought that she could pretend to have just got out of the shower. Thinking about her plan in more depth, Ellen went over how she could make it convincing. She would have to wet her hair and her body enough that she did look like she had just come from the shower.

When the doorbell rang it was unexpected and Ellen's pulse began to race, this was her last chance to back out if she didn't want to go through with her idea. However she never seriously considered backing out, Ellen was too excited. Anyway answering the door in just a towel wasn't that big a deal, she would be fully covered. It was just the thought that it was inappropriate that made it fun. Ellen quickly went to the bathroom and hopped into the shower blasting herself with cold water. She squealed at the sudden shock of the water hitting her body, it was a lot colder than she was expecting but she didn't need to be in there for very long. After dipping her hair under the spray she turned off the water and got out of the shower.

As Ellen patted off some of the water on her body she heard the doorbell ring again. She briefly considered just holding the towel against her front to answer the door but it would have been too impractical for her to take the pizza and pay the delivery driver not to mention being too obvious as showing off. Ellen wrapped the towel around herself so it was low on her chest and then hiked up the bottom so that more of her thighs were visible. The towel was wrapped slightly loosely so there was the potential that it could come undone if she moved around too much.

After a quick glance in the mirror confirmed she was convincingly wet Ellen rushed to the front door to greet the pizza delivery driver. When Ellen grabbed the money from the coffee table she called out to the delivery person to let them know she was coming to the door. Once she opened the door the slight irritation on the driver's face was transformed into surprise at seeing Ellen wearing a towel. Ellen smiled apologetically, "Sorry, I thought I had enough time to take a shower. Guess I lost track of time."

The delivery driver was a guy around her age and in her opinion was actually quite cute. His eyes were still a little wide but he smiled back, "That's alright I haven't been waiting all that long."

He seemed a little flustered at being confronted by someone just wearing a towel and just stood there holding his delivery bag until Ellen broke the silence, "So..."

The driver jolted and opened up his delivery bag, "Oh, you ordered the pepperoni mushroom?"

Ellen nodded, "Yes that's right." She held the money out to the driver. When she raised her arm she felt the towel shift slightly, it felt a little looser around her. Her rush to get to the door had likely caused it to start to ease apart. It didn't feel like her towel was going to fall down anytime soon but Ellen's heart began to beat a little faster at the thought that it might fall off.

The delivery driver took a pizza out of his delivery bag and checked the receipt before handing it to Ellen. She took the box in both hands and the movement seemed to cause the towel to come down on her chest a little. Caught by surprise she squealed and reflexively pulled the pizza to her so she could clamp her arms down against the towel. Ellen could feel a slight blush suffuse her face. "Oops."

The delivery driver's gaze went downward to check out her body. She followed his gaze and saw that if the top edge of the towel slipped down any further she was at real risk of her nipples being exposed. When she looked back up her eyes met the delivery driver's eyes and he smiled sheepishly, "That looked like a close call."

Ellen nodded and returned his smile, "That could have been really embarrassing." Her slightly flushed face served to convince the driver that she wasn't acting. Beside her embarrassment there had also been a spike of excitement that she might actually end up flashing the driver.

She stepped back into the house and rearranged her hold on the pizza to free one of her hands so she could close the door.

"Thanks, have a good night."

He stayed standing there for a moment longer as if hoping that the towel might just slip down but then realised it was beginning to get awkward. He nodded to her, "You're welcome, you have a good night too."

When the delivery driver had turned around to leave, Ellen began to shimmy her body as she slowly closed the door. The towel loosened around her body even more until it untucked itself and dropped to the floor. At that point she had the door half closed so if the driver looked back he would have seen one side of her bare body. The driver didn't look back though and when Ellen had the door closed she found herself a little disappointed but still thrilled by the risk she had taken.

Ellen took the pizza to the living room and set it down on the coffee table before retrieving the towel and getting herself a soda. As she ate Ellen replayed the hopeful expression of the driver as he snuck glances at her towel covered body. It made her chuckle but she also felt the undercurrent of arousal running through her body.

With her free hand she traced her hand down her taut stomach to her pubic hair and then further down to the moist lips of her pussy. The slight touch to her pussy created a familiar tension in her pelvis and Ellen knew she would end up bringing herself to another orgasm soon. She set her slice of pizza down so she could focus on getting herself off again.

She had just started lightly stroking the outside of her pussy when her attention was caught by the sound of a car coming up the driveway. It had to be her sister finally arriving home. The hand between her legs pressed firmly against her pussy as if Ellen was reacting by trying to cover herself. The pressure against her pussy still felt good but the shock of her sister arriving home had given her higher priorities.

Ellen grabbed the towel and raced to her bedroom and pulled on a t-shirt and a pair of loose fitting shorts. She went back to the living room and did a quick check to see if there was anything incriminating left lying around. Ellen heard the front door unlock and she quickly sat down on the sofa and picked up her pizza hoping she looked natural.

Stacey soon appeared in the door to the living room. "Hey, El."

"Hey, how was your day?"

Stacey nodded, "It was pretty good, we were a little lazy, we didn't get out of the house. How about you?"

"Pretty much the same but I did go next door to use their pool."

Stacey nodded and stood there taking in the scene of Ellen on the sofa eating pizza. For a paranoid moment Ellen thought that Stacey somehow knew that not more than a few minutes ago Ellen had been about to masturbate right there on the sofa. Her mind raced, was the scent of her arousal still detectable. She had to fight the urge to sniff the air.

To Ellen's relief Stacey smiled and pointed toward the pizza. "Do you mind if I grab a slice?"

Ellen quickly shook her head, "Go ahead, it was meant to be for both of us anyway. Didn't you already have something to eat with Steven?"

Stacey made an exasperated expression. "Yeah, we had some chinese food but with Steven and his housemate wolfing it down I didn't get much to eat." She grabbed a slice and took a bite. "Damn that's good." Reluctantly she put the slice down, "I should go put my bag in my room and get changed."

While the surprise of her sister's return had stifled her arousal, the ache in her body for a release would not be so easily denied. Her lack of underwear shouldn't have been a big deal, she went without a bra around the house a lot of the time but tonight she was hyper aware of the fabric of her t-shirt sliding against her nipples and the way her shorts rubbed against her ass whenever she shifted on her seat. It was like her clothes were practically teasing her, the constant tiny inadvertent stimulation made Ellen feel restless.

When Stacey got back to the living room she took control of the television and found a movie she wanted to watch. Ellen managed to focus on it enough that the need in her body faded away. Toward the end of the movie, the sound of the garage door opening alerted Ellen and Stacey that their parents had arrived home. Shortly after the garage door closed they both came into the living room to say hi to Ellen and Stacey and to talk about what everyone had done that day.

To Ellen it sounded like her parents had had a pretty full day and given the long drive home they were clearly tired. They stuck around long enough to ask about what Ellen and Stacey had done during the day but it wasn't long before they headed off to bed. When Stacey also announced that she was going to bed Ellen was left by herself in the living room. She wasn't all that interested in watching any more television and there didn't seem to be anything else to keep her up so she went to her room and ended up getting ready for bed herself.

As she lay in bed Ellen found herself unable to fall asleep. She picked up her phone and scrolled through the photos she had taken during the day. Seeing herself naked outside and throughout the house where she would never normally be naked brought back some of the thrill she had felt when taking the pictures.

Here in the privacy of her bedroom it wasn't out of the ordinary for her to be naked but she had never stayed undressed on purpose for very long. Ellen threw off the sheets covering her and pulled off her bed shirt. She stroked her bare chest with her fingers, starting between her breasts and then moving in shrinking circles over them until her fingers reached her nipples. They were starting to get hard as a result of her touch, Ellen pinched and tugged on them gently. A jolt of pleasure shot straight to her pussy and she whimpered out loud.

She hurriedly took her underwear off and lay there for a moment enjoying the feeling of being naked again. Closing her eyes Ellen lightly caressed her bare skin. One hand made its way to her mound where it moved in teasing circles around her clit. She tried to imagine herself outside again, touching herself out in the open where she might be seen. Unfortunately the lack of warmth and the ambient sounds of outside ruined the atmosphere of her mental picture.

Opening her eyes, Ellen stared at the ceiling. She was sure that she could reach a climax if she continued touching herself but it didn't feel like it would be as strong or satisfying as it could be. Ellen got out of bed and went over to her window. Pulling the curtains open light spilled in from the brightly shining moon. Her window faced toward the neighbours on the opposite side to the Atkins' house but the fence was high enough to block the view of all but the top quarter of a window almost directly opposite hers. There were vertical blinds on the neighbours window but they were half open. If she stood on her tiptoes she could see into the room a little but she couldn't tell what it was used for. The window was dark so unless someone was in there without the light on the room was probably empty.

Despite it being unlikely that there was anyone in that room let alone that they would be able to look into her bedroom and see her, that slim possibility was enough to give Ellen a buzz. The light of the moon provided enough illumination that Ellen was sure that she could be seen from outside. She closed her eyes to help herself to think that someone could be watching her. Ellen cupped her breasts in her hands, covering them from sight until she captured her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. Tugging gently on her nipples Ellen exhaled softly but audibly as her arousal started to build in strength. She kept one hand teasing a nipple as her other hand went down to her pussy. Running her middle finger along her slit Ellen found a trace of wetness. She then brought that moisture to her clit and teased herself by stroking the flesh around it, getting close but never quite making contact. Ellen tipped her head back slightly and let out a moan, trying to keep it as quiet as possible.

Her bedroom window only went to her waist so anyone watching her wouldn't be able to see her touching her pussy but from the position of her arm and the expression on her face it should be obvious what she was doing. In her mind Ellen pictured her male neighbour behind the blinds, pushing them a little out of way so he could watch the naughty girl next door play with herself.

Her finger grazed her clit and the surge of sensation made Ellen wobble on her feet. She let go of her breast and braced herself against the window. Opening her eyes she half expected to see the blinds in the neighbours' window slightly skewed but they weren't. With a small smile, Ellen told herself that the neighbour was just being cautious to not get caught spying on her. She looked back at her bed and thought that she should give her audience a better view.

Wanting to push herself further Ellen went and turned her bedroom light on before crawling onto her bed. She turned around so that her ass was pointing to the window and then lifted it higher into the air. With her knees wide apart, if anyone was able to see into her bedroom they would have a clear view of her glistening wet pussy and how her fingers would be working to bring her to climax.

Ellen lowered her head and shoulders to lie on the bed, tilting her ass up and making the display of her pussy even more blatant. The position also freed up her hands to get the 'show' started. Since she was facing away from the window and her position didn't let her easily move her head to look back, Ellen thought that her audience would be emboldened to openly stare at her. She slid a hand down her stomach and pelvis toward her pussy, her touch building anticipation for the contact of her fingers with her clit. As her fingers went over the hood of her clit she felt her legs quivering. Ellen rubbed the lips of her pussy slowly with circular motion, the stimulation sent a jolt through her and made her gasp. It felt like she was getting pretty close to coming, as Ellen kept up the slow stimulation she had to make a decision of whether to prolong her teasing or give in to her desire to come. 

The hand on her pussy had spread her wetness all over her outer lips and her slick fingers slid around her flesh easily. When she thought about what a lewd picture she was presenting she shivered with arousal. Any thought of holding back from coming vanished. Her fingers moved to the cleft of her lips where they stroked her the entrance up and down a couple of times before she slipped her middle fingers inside her pussy. She was so wet her fingers slid in with no resistance.

Aware of how loud she might get, Ellen grabbed a pillow and put it under her head so that she could use it to muffle her moans and gasps. Her hand was tightly pressed on her mound as she worked her fingers in and out of her soaked pussy. She began to grind her clit against the palm of her hand making her ass bounce slightly with her movement.

As she felt herself building to a climax Ellen pressed her face deep into her pillow, hoping that her gasps couldn't be heard by her parents or sister. The wet sound of her fingers in her pussy seemed outrageously loud to her ears and while that made her a little paranoid, it also stoked her arousal higher. Her climax was within reach and it was time for a final push.

She pushed her fingers fully inside her pussy and curled them forward so that her fingertips pressed against the sensitive spot on the front wall of her vagina. The sensation shocked her into stillness for a moment before she stroked the sensitive spot again and again. The stimulation got too much and her stomach tensed as she kept herself on the peak for an agonisingly amazing second before letting herself succumb to the release. Using her free hand to clamp the pillow tight against her mouth Ellen wailed out in pleasure as her orgasm crashed through her. It was possibly the most intense orgasm she had ever had, her body was shuddering as the shock waves of sensation kept coming.

Once her lungs were empty Ellen released her hold on the pillow and gasped in some air. She could feel her pussy contracting around her fingers and it was starting to feel a little uncomfortable. She pulled her fingers out of her pussy and felt a trickle of her juices flowed out onto her hand. Keeping her hand pressed up on her pussy, Ellen lightly pushed her clit against the palm of her hand and let her shuddering body provide some additional stimulation to prolong her orgasm.

It took a while but eventually the pulsing pleasure in Ellen's body died down. Feeling utterly drained, she straightened out her body so that she was lying flat. However she kept her hand over her pussy and any body movement caused small fleeting jolts of sensation. It felt good but wouldn't lead to anything, Ellen was done for the night.

Satisfied, Ellen grinned to herself. If anyone had been watching they must have been pleased with the show she had put on. The thought that someone could have seen her plunging her fingers into her soaked pussy until she had a shuddering orgasm gave her rush. If she wasn't so drained she might have kept going for another orgasm.

As she lay there on her bed, Ellen went back over what she had done today and could scarcely believe how far she had gone. It was wild that she had started out the day just looking to work on getting a tan but had ended up getting caught up in some increasingly outrageous behaviour. Being naked out in the open had felt good and exposing herself in risky situations had given her an incredible thrill.

Ellen knew that today wouldn't be a once off. When she got the chance she would have to try and recreate how she had felt. She was also aware that she needed to keep from pushing herself too far. The idea of potentially being seen was exciting but she was sure that actually getting caught would be mortifying. She recognised that she had maybe gone a little too far with the pizza delivery driver and realised she needed to be mindful of any desire to tease or show off to someone. As long as she didn't take too big a risk and wasn't reckless Ellen figured she would be fine.

Once she had sufficiently recovered from her orgasm Ellen got back up to turn off the bedroom light before getting back into bed. It didn't take long before she drifted off to sleep. 
