                   


Nerve Endings - 8
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

First half of 'Master, Slave' day leaves me naked. (ff-
teens, exh)

***

I felt soft lips brushing mine as I slowly opened my 
eyes. Angie was on top of me between my legs and slowly 
grinding her clit against mine. She stared at me with 
those beautiful green eyes. Then she got an impish grin 
on her face.

"Let's play a game today, okay?"

I giggled as I squeezed her cute little butt.

"What have you dreamed up now, my little pixie?"

"Well, I think we should play 'master and slave!"

"And that is what?" 

"Well, for part of the day, you have to do everything I 
tell you and the other part I will do the same for you. 
How's that sound?" 

"Okay, let's flip a coin and see who gets this morning 
and who will get this afternoon"

We jumped up and found a dime and I flipped it as Angie 
called, "Heads!"

She won the toss, and I agreed to be her slave until 
noon. She grinned and said, "Okay, let's get you 
dressed and we'll go down to the public pool to ogle 
the boy's and little girls!"

"That sounds like fun. What do I have to wear?"

"Let's see. How about this little sarong cover-up you 
usually wear over your bikini?"

"Without the bikini?" I gasped.

"Yup! And this short top with the spaghetti straps and 
the two buttons in front will go just perfect with 
that!"

"You've got to be kidding! That top is worn so thin you 
can see almost all my boobs, and the sarong is awfully 
sheer!"

"That's what you will wear, so there! Put them on now! 
You agreed, right?"

I couldn't resist that cute little tilt of her head, 
and the sparkle in her eyes, as she made a pouty pucker 
of her lower lip! I laughed and nodded, as I pulled the 
top on over my long nipples and buttoned it in front. I 
pulled the sarong around my hips and tied the ends, and 
stepped over to the mirror to see.

Angie stepped up behind me and peered over my shoulder, 
and her mouth fell open, as she gasped in my ear, "God, 
you look so hot, Jan! Good enough to eat!" 

I really did look hot! My cunt immediately oozed juice 
as I leaned back into Angie and rubbed my almost naked 
bottom against her clit. She brought her hands around 
and slid them up under the very short top and pulled on 
my nipples, as I gasped and shuddered! Then she slid 
one hand down to my side and under the sarong. She 
brushed her fingers over my clit and I jumped as shocks 
ran through me! I leaned my head back as she kissed my 
neck and fondled me, until I bucked and came on her 
fingers! I rocked as the orgasm went through me! God, 
it felt fantastic!

"What are you going to wear?" I finally asked when I 
could speak again.

"Let's see, how about my itsy bitty polka dot bikini?" 
she giggled. I giggled too as she pulled the very tiny 
bottoms over her adorable little rear, and snugged them 
up into her cunt, so her lips stuck out on the sides, 
and her huge clit made a definite bulge in the front. 
Then she buttoned her skimpy top over her pretty honey 
colored nipples. I licked my lips as I ogled her 
openly! She grinned as she saw the raw lust in my eyes, 
and rubbed her body against mine playfully!

"Want some?" she giggled, and I grabbed her nipples and 
pulled hard! Her eyes glazed over as her mouth fell 
open and her breasts swelled against the top! 

"Unh, oh, God! That feels sooo good!" she gasped, as I 
pulled even harder until she came! She trembled, and I 
had to catch her, as her knees gave way, and she sagged 
against me.

When she could stand we picked up a couple of towels 
and went down for breakfast. As we entered the room Mom 
turned to say good morning and gasped, and dropped the 
dish she was holding. Her eyes were like saucers and 
her mouth almost hung to the floor! 

"Mom, are you okay?" I said as I rushed over to steady 
her. She was shaking, and I could see her nipples were 
jutting out against her thin robe! She pulled herself 
together and stared at my outfit. Then she looked at 
Angie's cute little lips peeking out under her bikini, 
and licked her lips nervously.

"Are you two going somewhere dressed like that?" she 
stammered.

"Yeah, we're going down to the public pool. Is that 
alright?"

"Don't you think you might be arrested in those 
outfits?"

"Why, mom, everything is covered. I don't think we're 
breaking any laws, do you?"

"I'm not so sure! But you both look really hot in those 
outfits."

"Thanks, mom, we're having a slave day." I went on to 
explain our idea, and mom laughed and shook her head.

"What will you two idiots come up with next? It does 
sound kind of fun though! Sit down and eat, so I can 
breathe again"

We giggled as we both hugged her, and then plopped down to 
eat. Angie said she thought my mom was soo cool, and I 
nodded as Mom grinned. 

We finished and headed out down the street in the hot 
sun. We hadn't gone a block before I began sweating! I 
felt so turned on knowing my neighbors could see almost 
all of me! Angie was grinning constantly at my panting, 
and kept up a steady line of dirty talk, so my juices 
were really flowing! The breeze blowing over my cunt, 
and up under the loose top on my nipples, was driving 
me wild! I was sure my cunt lips were swollen so big 
they must be sticking out against the fabric of my 
sarong! The light material moved back and forth over my 
butt, and flapped into my clit over and over, until I 
was gasping for breath!

Finally I had to stop. I grabbed Angie's shoulders and 
closed my eyes. I threw my head back, as I jerked and 
swayed from the waves of pure pleasure coursing through 
me! Angie held me up as she blew into my face and 
whispered, "Go, baby, go! Cum, cum, cum!"

When the orgasm subsided we walked on down the street 
and into the pool area. We went clear down to the far 
end by the lifeguard tower. There were very few people, 
just little kids and a few women around the pool, and 
only the women watched us as we passed. I heard one mom 
say I looked sexy as hell, and the other chuckled, as 
she said she wished she looked like me! Angie winked, 
and whispered, "See, don't I know what looks good on my 
little lover?"

I smiled and hugged her. We pulled two lounges over and 
laid back to watch the little kids and get some sun. 
The lifeguard was a young high school girl with fiery 
red hair and a beautiful figure. She had on the usual 
two piece guard outfit and filled it out fantastically! 

I saw her glance our way and stare at my revealing 
outfit, but she didn't throw us out, so we relaxed a 
little. I began to notice she was sneaking glances more 
and more, and I saw her lick her lips more than once, 
as she sneakily ogled me! That really made me hot! 
Angie noticed, too, and winked at me, as she also ogled 
my breasts and cunt, which were almost naked!

Angie ordered me to put some suntan lotion on her back, 
so I bowed and got up and sat on the side of her 
lounge. I undid her top straps and it fell down so I 
could see the sides of her cute little mounds. I spread 
oil on my hands and began to rub it in. Soon she was 
moaning as I rubbed closer to her almost naked little 
rear end. She said lower, so I slid my fingers under 
her waist band and slid them into her crack. She jerked 
as I slowly slid her bottoms down almost all the way 
off! I continued rubbing as she squirmed and I could 
tell she was getting close to cumming!

She whined when I suddenly stopped and I placed one leg 
over her as I straddled her hips. The sarong fell over 
us both so the guard couldn't see my naked cunt lips 
resting on Angie's legs as I pulled her bottoms lower. 
Now my lips were on her soft butt, and I was rubbing 
them up and down on her little buns. 

I stroked her little body up and down, until I heard 
her gasp and shiver as an orgasm overtook her. I pushed 
hard on her rear so her clit would rub harder on the 
chaise, and she jerked again, as she had another jolt 
hit her! I clenched my legs tight as I fucked her 
bottom until I came, and my juices flooded her butt! 
She wiggled back and forth as she felt the moisture run 
down her crack and into her cunt. 

I looked back up at the guard. She was watching and had 
her hand down between her legs. I patted Angie's cute 
little butt, as I stood up and rearranged my sarong, 
and slid her bottoms back up.

I lay back down, and Angie looked over at me and smiled 
like a Cheshire cat! I grinned back, as she stretched 
and rubbed her nipples into the lounger.

"You're bad!" she giggled. "But oh, so good, too!"

She retied her top and turned over onto her back, so 
the guard could see her wet suit pulled up into her 
cunt!

"And now the front side, slave!" she demanded. I oiled 
her up good on her front, as she stared into my eyes, 
and moaned and licked her lips. "Now lie down on your 
chaise, slave, and unbutton the top button on your 
top!"

I lay down and stared at her, as I slowly slid the 
button free. She nodded and said, "Now the other one!"

I was lying flat on the chaise and I knew if I opened 
my last button the top would fall open. I looked around 
and noticed that everyone else had left, which meant we 
were alone except for the guard. 

"Did you hear me slave?" Angie said, "Open that other 
button, now!"

I trembled as I slowly slid the button out of the 
button hole. I held my top closed, as I glanced 
nervously at the guard, who was watching us intently. 

"Hands at your sides, slave!"

I slowly released my fingers and slid my arms down by 
my sides, as I felt the top hanging just barely on my 
swollen nipples! If I didn't breathe too hard it might 
stay. I held my breath and trembled as my cunt lips 
swelled, and I felt moisture running down my rear end.

"Undo the tie on your sarong, NOW!" Angie ordered.

"Angie, I can't! The guard will see my naked body and 
throw us out!" I was shaking bad, but was also getting 
wetter and wetter, as I thrilled at the thought of 
being naked in a public place in front of that 
beautiful guard!

"No sex for you tonight, then, because you didn't play 
the game right!"

I nodded and reached over with my fingers and very 
carefully undid the knot on my right side. The movement 
edged my top further until my nipples were half 
exposed. The pink little towers were just barely 
clinging to the wet material! My cunt lips swelled up, 
and my cunt was being caressed by the breeze, as the 
sarong slid slowly across my clit!

"Spread your legs, slave, and put your hands up over 
your head!"

I gasped as I realized what would happen! I slowly 
raised my arms up to the top of the lounger. Then all 
the pent up pressure broke! I gripped the top rail, and 
jerked up off the chaise, as the biggest orgasm of my 
life hit me!! The sudden movement freed the top from my 
straining nipples! It fell off, as I felt the air rush 
over my breasts, and my nipples shot up in the air! I 
threw my head from side to side and screamed, "Uunh 
unh, oh GOD! I'm cummmmiiiing!" 

At the same time my legs flew open, as I raised my 
hips, and the sarong dragged across my swollen clit, 
then fell off, leaving my glistening little body 
gyrating nakedly in the air! I gripped the top rail 
harder and screamed again, as the jolts jerked me back 
and forth, and my stomach muscles contracted and 
released spasmodically! My burning cunt spread wide, 
and my clit was vibrating, as the electric sensations 
pummeled my frame! Suddenly another shock hit me and 
then everything went black!

***

I heard a far away voice calling my name, and I opened 
my eyes to see the guard and Angie staring down at me. 
I realized I was lying spread-eagled on a lounger with 
my body completely soaked in sweat. My nipples and cunt 
were throbbing, and little waves swept back and forth 
over them. 

I licked my wet lips, and Angie leaned down and kissed 
me gently. I realized the guard was staring at my naked 
body and I tried to cover myself. She smiled and said, 
"Don't worry, honey, you showed me everything you have 
already, and you are beautiful!"

I thanked her as I relaxed back, and my chest heaved as 
I tried to catch my breath. Angie picked up her towel 
and slowly began to dry me off as she cooed." What a 
show, Jan. You were wild! I thought you were gone for a 
minute and I was scared!" The guard chuckled and said. 
"I would love to be gone like that. Could you teach me 
how?" We giggled and she patted my naked leg.

"I hate to spoil your fun but a Girl Scout group is 
coming in any minute and you need to get dressed. And 
you better put a towel around your sarong until they 
leave, Okay?"

I nodded and she climbed back up onto her tower and 
turned and winked at me as she sat down.

I wound a towel around my naked bottom and put the 
sarong on the deck by the lounger. Then I put my top 
back on with just one button so the cool air could ease 
the burning in my nipples. Angie grinned that all 
knowing grin of hers that I adore, and we leaned back 
to watch the little girls filing onto the pool deck.


