Bus Stop by Telephoneman

This work is the intellectual property of the author 
Telephoneman and he claims the copyright. Permission if 
requested WILL be granted for this story to be posted or 
archived to any free site. Permission MAY be granted to 
any commercial or pay site or organisation.
Requests for such permission should be sent to:-
telephoneman69@hotmail.com

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx WARNING  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
This is a work of adult fiction and contains 
descriptions of sexual acts between consenting 
adults and others. If you are under the age of 
consent where you reside delete this file 
immediately. If it is illegal to obtain this sort 
of material where you reside delete this file 
immediately. Otherwise read and enjoy!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Bus Stop. 

There was about a dozen of us in the bar. The usual Friday night crowd, straight from work. I loved these evenings. There were only two other men the rest were gorgeous young woman. At 50 I was twice the average age of the rest and therefore enjoyed it twice as much too.

As usual the subject got round to sex. Karen, our project manager, was always the leader, forever trying to embarrass the others, especially me being male and older. Karen was tall well-built girl, 59 with all the right curves. 

She brought up the subject of sexual fantasies. Karen went first. Her fantasy caused little surprise. She wanted a group of sexy men, hypnotised to do her bidding. Most of the others had predictable fantasies. Both men and a couple of the girls wanted threesomes with two of the opposite sex. Two of the girls wanted sex with a total stranger and three had rape fantasies. Their idea of rape was by a man of their choosing and done without violence. This caused a few arguments, which the men wisely kept out of. 

Sally, the last to go, chose sex in a public place. This was the surprising one, for Sally was by far the shyest of the group. To my mature eye she was also the prettiest with light brown hair framing an elfin face. She was 25 and whilst most of the other girls had physically peaked, Sally, I felt certain, would continue to improve for a decade or more. She was slim with small to medium sized breasts and a deliciously tight arse. She concluded her choice by saying Of course I would never actually do it in public. The others all agreed, none could imagine this timid young woman doing anything so daring. I on the other hand had the delightful image of her naked in a public place with MY cock buried in her pussy. 
It set my mind working. If I read Sally right she was a lot stronger than her shy exterior showed. 

It was about three weeks later when I had the chance to test my theory. Sally had given a presentation after work in the conference room. We work in central London and our conference room is on a mezzanine floor with large windows looking out on to the street. Although the window could not be seen from the street, there was a bus stop directly outside. Any passenger on the upper deck could see straight into the room. I stayed after the presentation to help Sally clear away. As we were working I asked. You remember when we were talking fantasies the other week? Sally nodded but looked a little puzzled at the sudden change of subject. 

Were you serious? I pressed. 

Yes she answered a little hesitantly, Why? 

Come here a moment I asked and I led her to the window. I stood behind her as a bus stopped outside, about six feet from the window. A couple of the passengers looked directly at us. 

Ive thought about you and your fantasy a lot. Sally turned sharply to look at me. I think this room is perfect I continued. Look at him giving you the eye I pointed over her shoulder to a young man on the bus as it pulled away. I remained silent for the next few minutes giving Sally chance to respond. The risk of a slap was there but the possible prize was worth that risk. By the time the next bus arrived Sally had not responded but she still stood in front of me looking out of the window. Once again bored young men on the bus focused on the pretty body a few feet away in the office. 

I put my hands on Sallys hips and asked what do you think theyre thinking One of the men had noticed my action and was now watching Sally intently. I moved my hands to her slim waist and caressed her. The mans eyes were locked on us and when the bus moved away the look of disappointment on his face was startling, even to me. 

Did you see his face I laughed. 

He was watching me so absorbedly he didnt want to go. It felt so strange Sallys voice was somehow different. I wouldnt go as far as saying she was excited but something stirred her. 

Another bus drew up and once again jaded eyes searched out any stimulation. I watched the passengers; a young couple and three middle-aged women look toward us. The young man kept his attention on Sally. I chose this moment to move my hands to feel her breasts through the silk blouse she wore. I felt Sallys body tense and I hoped I hadnt miscalculated. The man on the bus also reacted. The surprise on his face was clear as I tugged at the girl beside him. Soon they were both staring at Sally as my hands fondled her soft breasts. Sally also reacted to their gaze by relaxing and whispering God! Look at them staring. Her voice was becoming hoarse as she realised the effect of our actions to the passing voyeurs. As that bus once more joined Londons hectic traffic I began to play with her nipples. Sally leaned back against me. It was a minute or so before the next bus arrived. 

This time it was quite full and most of the passengers on our side of the bus caught sight of where my hands were. About fifteen pairs of eyes were locked on my hands as I began to unbutton her blouse. I pulled it out of her skirt and opened it to display Sallys fabulous breasts, barely supported by a small lacy bra. Sally was watching the watchers with the same intensity and her breathing gave away her mounting excitement. To my delight her bra fastened at the front. I quickly unfastened it and moved the cups away. I resisted the temptation to immediately cup her naked breasts preferring to give our audience a glimpse of her sexy flesh. As the bus pulled away we could see necks straining to get that extra look. With nobody to watch I held her breasts feeling their weight before rubbing her nipples with the palm of my hand. Sallys low moan became louder as I pinched her already erect nipples. 

I was so busy with her breasts and kissing her neck that I failed to notice the next bus arrive. Sally whispered Next scene I turned Sally around so that we were side on to the passengers and I bent to take one of Sallys magnificent breasts into my mouth. I turned to look at the bus as best I could. I had a dozen eyes return my gaze. In the windows reflection I could see that Sally was staring straight at the passengers. I concentrated on her breasts as I used my tongue to lick a nipple before sucking it deep into my mouth, giving it a light bite before moving on to a repeat on her other breast. A mixture of my actions and her audience had Sally in rapture. As the passengers continued their journey Sally pulled me up and positioned me behind her pulling my hands back to her breasts. She obviously loved to show herself. I started to move my hand down her stomach but as I reached her skirt Sally pulled my hand back up to her belly Not yet she murmured. I was happy enough to nibble her neck and fondle her breasts. 

Another bus arrived and we both looked at our new spectators. Within a few seconds all eyes were on Sally and she took hold of my hand and guided it down Now she ordered. I realised that she did not want to start anything until we had an audience. I cupped her crotch through the thick material of her skirt. Although I could feel little Sally responded to the pressure with a very long and loud cry. The looks on the faces of the passers by was amazing as they witnessed not just my actions but also the ecstasy on Sallys face as well as her half-naked body. I pulled the skirt up and gripped her pussy through the thinner layer of her tights. Once again my actions were accompanied by loud moans of pleasure. As yet another bus left Sally ordered me to remove her tights. As I knelt down to obey Sally kicked off her shoes. I slid my hands up the outside of her long thighs and gripped the top of her tights and pulled them down. I dont think she meant for her panties to join them but I did and a few seconds later she stepped out of all her underclothes. I also noticed that Sally had removed her blouse and bra. 

Whatever happened, Sally seemed determined to face the window. I didnt care I just wanted to taste her young pussy. I moved round in front of her and lifted her skirt up. Her pussy hair was long and thick and I thought unusually not trimmed. I ran my fingers through it searching for the hidden valley below. She parted her legs allowing me my first glimpse of her swollen pussy lips. I put my mouth to her lips and my tongue probed for her clit. Simultaneously my finger probed her wet cunt, pushing deep into her hot body. I spent a long time finger fucking her as my mouth and tongue tormented her womanly bud. I was unaware and unconcerned about who was watching. When her Orgasm came Sally screamed in ecstasy, her hands pushing me harder onto her pussy. She later told me that she had to wait for an audience before she would let herself come. 

As I stood up I saw a bus just about to pull up. I moved Sally to the window and told her to lean forward with her hands on the glass. The latest set of passengers was shocked to see this semi-naked young woman just a few feet from their eyes. I quickly kicked off my shoes and unfastened my trousers before removing them. My cock was as hard as it has ever been as I raised the back of Sallys dress in search of her hot, wet pussy. Sally bent lower giving me easier access to my goal. I slid into her wet cunt in one fluid movement. I deliberately stared at a young woman aboard the bus as I entered Sally. The girl realising I was looking straight at her blushed, but her eyes never left mine. I watched her intently as I thrust hard and fast into the sexy body before me. My eyes told her that I wanted to fuck her the same way. I was oblivious to the other passengers aware only of Sallys tight cunt squeezing my cock with each thrust and the girl on the bus watching my every action. It was my turn to feel disappointment when the bus left. 

With no audience for either of us we just fucked. One hand was holding her waist the other stroking her clit. We both felt my approaching climax and it was Sally that grunted Not yet, wait for the next bus I eased back, content for a few minutes to fuck Sally with long, slow strokes. Once again as soon as our guests arrived Sally came. Her screams of pleasure must have carried to the passengers. I put both hands onto her hips and began to thrust faster. 

Do you want to take your skirt off? I managed to ask, keen on the idea of coming into her totally naked body displayed to our viewers. 

Ohh Yess! Sally croaked. I slowed my thrusts as I unzipped her skirt. My cock felt betrayed as I removed it from her juicy hot cunt. Her skirt fell to the floor and I quickly re-entered her waiting pussy. As her skirt dropped and her naked pussy was shown to the passengers we both watched them. The surprise and lust in their eyes enhanced our own pleasure. Twenty or so hard thrusts later I was spurting my own come deep into her cunt. 

As this bus left we were both spent. We managed to sit down in chairs with backs to the window. 

That was so much better than I ever imagined Sally managed to say. 

I too was surprised at Sallys response but was amazed at my own. Id planned this because I wanted to fuck Sally not because I was an exhibitionist but I had to admit it added so much to the actual sex, which was bloody good anyway. You can say that again I responded. 

We spent thirty or so surreal minutes discussing our responses. Sally was still totally nude whilst I wore just a shirt. Sallys prime word was amazed, at what I suggested, at her reaction, at her compliance, at the passengers reactions and at her excitement. 

By this time I wanted to try it again but Sally was having none of it. Ive got to finish clearing this room and Ive got a boyfriend waiting for me. This latter was yet another surprise. We got dressed dodging between buses this time and I left her to finish clearing up. 

As I walked out the door I could not help noticing a lovely feminine figure. She had her back to me but what a back. Long slender legs disappearing beneath a short skirt. The skirt barely hid a delectable arse and ended at a slender waist. 

Extremely aroused from earlier I thought Nice, very nice As I closed the office door she turned around. Her face was more than a match for her body. She was young, about 21 with long blonde hair. Her beautiful face stirred a memory. As she saw me walking towards her, a hesitant smile crossed her face and I suddenly realised why she looked familiar. She was the girl on the bus. I felt a sudden panic and looked around for police or boyfriend. She saw the panic on my face and said Hi in such a way I knew she wasnt a threat. 

Hi I responded not knowing what else to say to this lovely young stranger. I hope we didnt offend you I started. 

Shed obviously planned exactly what she was going to say and she said in one long continuous statement No I was so excited. All my friends say Im so boring that I never do anything on impulse. That my whole life is planned out meticulously and when I saw you in there I realised what they meant. I want some of that fervour. You looked as if you were making love to me at the same time as the girl 

I was I interrupted. 

Oh she said before carrying on. I just had to get off the bus and see you. Ive started to run away half a dozen times but was determined to wait for you. I just hoped youd be alone and not with your girlfriend. 

Shes not my girlfriend I said simply. Look do you want to go for a drink or something? 

Please she answered meekly. Then, rediscovering her newly found bravery, added Ive got a bottle of wine at home if you like 

I looked at her. Her internal fight against her natural temerity was delightful. She looked so young and vulnerable. Id love to I replied meaning it. 

We walked the half-mile to her small flat. I found her name was Elizabeth but preferred Beth. She was actually 19 and a fulltime student. I told her about myself, divorced with three kids and I mentioned my vasectomy in passing. I wanted this girl but was not going to push it. I also explained how the event shed witnessed developed. 

Once she as on her own territory Beth relaxed somewhat, so I asked Beth you still havent told me why you came back tonight. Youve said about being impetuous for a change but to wait for a stranger youve just seen fucking another woman is more than impetuous. Dont get me wrong, Im certainly not complaining about beautiful young women inviting me back to their flats 

Beth blushed slightly but chose to ignore the compliment I cant answer because I dont know. I dont usually go for old men so its not that. I think it was your eyes. They made feel as if I was in there with you. It was as if you were making love to me not her, she said repeating her earlier statement. 

I wasnt making love to Sally, I was fucking her I stressed and then looking directly into her eyes I said but I do want to make love to you 

I know she replied and I want you to. She came to sit on my lap and kissed me. Her kiss lacked experience but that in itself was stimulating. I returned her kiss with a tenderness Id not shown to Sally. 

Youre still a virgin I stated. 

Yes she answered shyly how did you know? 

It doesnt matter I replied and pulled her soft mouth to mine again. My tongue found hers and they dueled for supremacy. A simple kiss from Beth had aroused me as much as a naked Sally had done and for the second time that evening I was as hard as rock. I desperately wanted to make love to Beth but I also wanted her to remember the moment. A bed was the only place to do this. I reluctantly broke the kiss and said to Beth Im going to take you to bed and make love to you. She nodded and stood up. She led me to her bedroom and turned to face me waiting. 

I used my hands to stroke her face, running my fingers through her blonde tresses. Our eyes locked as they had done when she was on the bus. Close up I was lost in their sparkling blue. I leaned forward to plant a brief kiss on each eyelid. My hands ran down to her firm young breasts. A murmur of approval escaped Beths sweet lips. I took hold of her tee shirt and lifted it over her willing head. The bra swiftly followed. I stepped back to admire her pert breasts. Their size and Beths youth meant that there was no trace of sag. Her nipples too were small but not yet erect. Each bit of her body was as beautiful as the last. I stood behind her and quickly stripped off all my clothes before cupping each breast whilst I kissed the top of her head. My hands easily took the whole of the breast in and their softness of texture was exquisite. 

I rolled each nipple between my thumb and index finger, squeezing and relishing them as they grew. Beth was sighing as the waves of pleasure rolled over her tender body. I pushed my rigid cock into the crack of her firm buttocks. My hand left the sensual bliss of her breast to undo her skirt. As the skirt dropped to floor I knelt down behind her and removed her tights and panties until she was standing naked before me. 

The rear view Id seen when leaving the office had been delightful but now without clothes to hinder me I let my eyes linger on her fantastic figure. 

Youre unbelievably beautiful I told her as my hands caressed her arse. They squeezed and massaged each buttock my fingers tracing down her crack to her little puckered hole. My hands moved on to her thighs leaving her arse for my mouths attention. As I was licking her arse my fingers began to probe her pussy. She was already extremely wet. I stroked her clit before gently entering her body, my fingers searching for her hymen. I pushed further in, past where I expected to find a barrier. Beth stopped moaning long enough to tell me her hymen had broke years ago when she forever riding her horse. 

My fingers now soaking in her juices returned to her clit whilst my tongue continued to explore her rear. 

Take me now she asked. When I continued to rub her clit she begged Please. Now. My pussys on fire. 

I stood up and was about to lay her on the bed when I spotted the dressing table with its large mirror. I led Beth to it and told her to rest her hands on top. I then positioned my cock at the entrance to her virgin cunt and looked into her eyes through the mirror. The position was similar to the one Id been in with Sally. The mirror meant that Beth could watch as she had before yet could experience Sallys position. Beth quickly appreciated this and when our eyes met as they had on the bus I thrust my aching cock into her tight cunt. I watched Beths eyes widen as she felt a hard cock inside for the first time. 

She was almost immediately wet enough for me to enter her fully and I was quickly plunging my engorged manhood into her as fast and hard as I could. Our eyes never left each other, the pleasure in her eyes was so wonderful to behold. I was about to reach for her clit when Beths Orgasm hit her. Her body went rigid and she let out a moan of intense satisfaction. I continued to pump in and out of her desperate to join her in ecstasy. My own Orgasm was just as intense as I felt my cock propelling load after load of come into her young body. 

That was wonderful Beth said, It was exactly what I thought it should be when I was on the bus. THAT was why I went back to your office. Dont ask me why but I seemed to know 

I was still recovering my breath so didnt answer. We were still staring into each others eyes through the mirror. It was as if we were destined for this moment. We just looked at each other until my softening cock dropped from Beths wet pussy. This broke the spell and we lay down side by side on the bed. We kissed with the tenderness of tong term lovers and huddled our naked bodies tight together. Words were not required as we drifted off to sleep. 

When we woke up I introduced Beth to the delights of oral sex before making love to her once more. 

That was over a month ago. Sally and me talked the following day when she said what happened was a real delight but could not be repeated. I readily agreed and now Sally treats me to the biggest smile every morning. Beth and I have seen each other every single day since that momentous evening. The physical passion is, if anything, higher than before but when our eyes meet the rest of the world disappears. When that electricity fades then Ill know its time to relinquish my young lover until then ... 

Please comment, negative as well as positive. I try and improve with each story but need your help to do so. 
