Voyeur In The Changing Rooms
by Seren99

Discovering myself on a Porn Site.

I know it's a terribly unlawful and immoral thing to do. I wholeheartedly agree that no woman should be subjected to it. The videos and images I have seen online disgust me, but then the thought of being on the receiving end of such a violation of civil and human rights triggers my sexual arousal.

I begin to imagine its me in those images and short video clips. It's me when I'm out wearing short skirts and dresses, and short, low-cut dresses and tops. I imagine I'm the unaware victim whose been up-skirted and down-bloused by a perverted passer-by, before my 'attacker' takes his criminality further and posts me online. Posts my cleavage and pantie shots online without me ever knowing.

My fantasy grows darker as I accidentally stumble across my own images and video. I'm curiously looking at candid porn when I see myself on the screen. Who was my voyeur? I wonder, as I see myself in my local swimming pool mixed sex changing rooms.

I recognise the back of myself in my navy-blue one-piece swimming costume, removing my goggles as I walk to my locker. I can see my soaking wet brown hair and my drenched pony tail is swinging as I walk carefully not to slip on the tiled floor. Whoever is filming me is doing so from a cubicle with its door slightly open.

More of my arse is revealed as I bend over and the swimming costume stretches tighter. I've taken the key from my wrist and I'm now opening my locker. My arse moves and the camera zooms in as I pull out my towel and bag.

I turn around and suddenly the camera jumps to the floor. A man is heard gasping in fear and excitement that he almost got caught. He then chuckles and I see his bare feet on a towel on the floor. Is he somebody that swims in one of the lanes at the same time as me? Or is he getting ready for the next swimming slot?

I swim early. The 6am-7am time slot. None of the men are particularly young when I swim. I'm twenty-two years old. The next youngest woman is probably thirty. I'd guess the youngest guy is forty, with the rest of them being fit swimmers in their fifties.

The camera moves slowly up the cubicle wall. It's shaking to the sound of hoarse breathing. It then films over the top into the next cubicle. I see myself again. I'm watching a birds-eye view of myself taking my shampoo and conditioner out of my bag. I can see my deep cleavage jouncing softly as I dig my hands in and out of my bag.

I then remove my hair bobble and pull my jeans, t-shirt, jumper and fresh underwear out of my bag, placing them on the bench beside me. I feel terribly violated and excited, wondering how much of my privacy has been captured by the voyeur without my knowledge.

I'm next recorded zipping up my bag and picking up my towel, shampoo and conditioner. Everyone leaves their belongings unattended in the cubicles. It's never been an issue... until now I realise.

The camera is quickly pulled away as I'm unlocking and leaving the cubicle to go for a shower. After a few moments, the voyeur leaves his cubicle and heads towards the showers. My heart starts racing as I watch him move quickly. I can see he his hiding his phone in a towel because everything has gone blank.

I can hear shower water running as the voyeur steps into another shower cubicle and locks the door. The camera is now recording the floor again. The voyeur hangs up his towel and I can see water splashing from the shower next door. The camera moves down this particular cubicle wall.

I'm suddenly looking at my feet and calves when the camera goes under the shower cubicle. My clit reacts to the scene and I slip a hand up my skirt and into my knickers. I'm soaking wet from what I've watched so far.

Massaging my pussy lips as I watch myself being violated online, I pull up my t-shirt to expose my braless tits. I always watch porn or read Literotica in just a short loungewear skirt and t-shirt. No need for underwear. It's just more to remove. Caressing my breasts as I rub my wetness, I can't take my eyes off the screen.

The camera gradually tilts upwards. I see foamy shampoo running down my bare legs and then I see a sort of front-side view of my full naked body. My eyes are tightly closed and I'm digging my fingertips into my hair as I wash into the roots. Shampoo and water is now streaming down my face and body, running off the curvature of my big wobbling boobs.

The camera is then being adjusted to capture directly up between my legs. Splashes of water land on the screen, but the voyeur still got to record a few seconds of my pussy. It's obvious I'm clean-shaven down there, or maybe up there if you're watching this video.

Feeling further violated, but deeply horny, I slip a finger into my calling pussy and pinch my excited nipples, as I continue watching myself. Watching myself taking an innocent shower at my local leisure centre, on the god damn internet! I'm on a porn site actually taking a shower.

I glance at the corner of the screen. 600'357 views and counting. It's been online for two months. I gasp at the scary, factual information that's just entered my brain and slip and second finger into my greedy pussy. This is the hottest thing I've ever discovered. My nipples are throbbing so hard.

On my laptop, I'm able to read the comments as I watch myself rinsing the remnant's of shampoo from my long brown hair.

"Nice one! She's an awesome find!"

"Look at the tits on that slut!"

"I'd fuck her hard in that shower! Make her scream so everybody knows she's getting fucked! Sexy slag she is!"

"You got balls of steel my friend! Her body is hot as fuck! I love her bald cunt. It looks tight!"

"I wanna fuck those tittys and cum all over her face!"

"Congratulations slut! You're now a wank toy on the internet! Haha!"

"Imagine her dad sees this. LMFAO!"

"Who is she? Where did you film this? I wanna fuck the big titted whore!"

The comments were vile but they actually fuelled my orgasm. The exhibitionist inside of me was well and truly alive and kicking. I start fingering my pussy faster, smacking my hand against my mound. The squelching noises are loud in my bedroom, so is my breathing and whining.

The camera is suddenly pulled out of my cubicle when I open my eyes. The voyeur points the camera at his shorts and reveals his thick erection. He gives it a few tugs before the camera moves up the shower cubicle wall this time.

I'm panting and frantically fingering myself as I watch the camera come over the cubicle. I see myself once again. I'm squirting conditioner into my hands. I then put the bottle down on the floor and begin to rub then conditioner into my hair. Kind of ironic it looks like I'm rubbing cum into my hair.

I throw my head back but my eyes are closed. The camera records my face and boobs clearly as I work my fingers into my long hair once more. I'm actually seeing the relaxed look on my face, totally oblivious to the fact I'm being recorded, let alone going to be shown to the world showering.

The camera zooms in on my boobs. They're jouncing softly again and I can see my nipples are hard and prominent, and the brownish black colour of my areolas is clearly visible and covered in goosebumps. I'm nearly done washing my hair and the camera moves back into the voyeurs cubicle. He sniggers and leaves, but the camera doesn't stop recording.

It returns to the cubicle where this all started. A few moments later I'm being recorded from a birds-eye view again. I'm drying myself off with a towel and watching my boobs bounce and jiggle vigorously. I begin to gyrate at my desk at home. I'm so close to my climax.

The voyeur has grown in confidence now. The camera quickly moves under the cubicle and records me stepping into my panties. It captures my dry, bald, shaven mound and the slit between my pussy lips, before I fix my underwear into place.

The camera quickly moves again, back over the top. It captures me wrapping my bra around my body. I'm clasping it together at my tummy. I then pull the clasp round to the back and slip my arms through the shoulder straps. I can see my boobs are still jiggling as I pull the bra on.

The voyeur is breathing heavily as he records me lifting my full, soft curves into the bra. My cleavage is magnified when the camera zooms in, then it zooms back out and I'm stepping into my jeans, before pulling on my t-shirt and jumper. The dirty bastard literally recorded everything.

The camera is suddenly swiped away and I'm leaving the cubicle with a brush to go dry my hair on the other side of the changing rooms. As soon as I'm gone the camera is moving into my cubicle.

The voyeur starts looking through my bag. A complete and utter violation of my privacy. He takes out my swimming costume and uses it to masturbate. Watching and listening to him stroke his cock into my swimming costume has me ever closer to my orgasm.

Then, as I watch the cock on my laptop start releasing cum into my costume, I scream out and release my own climax in my bedroom. He's ejaculating his sperm into the padded gusset that hugs my vagina when I swim. I'm shocked, stunned, violated, yet satisfied as my orgasm begins to subside.

One final indecent act. The voyeur uses my towel to wipe the cum off the end of his cock, before stuffing everything back inside my bag. As the recording ends and the website recommends videos of a similar nature, I shut down my laptop and realise something.

I only have one swimming costume. Everything else is bikinis, which I don't use for swimming lengths in the pool. I only wash the costume once a week, because I only swim on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Did he record this on a Tuesday? Because if he did, that would mean I swam with his cum stained into the padded gusset.

Clearly this was a weird fantasy of mine. Don't go around recording people without their permission. Hope you enjoyed my short fantasy and I get to read your thoughts? X