It had been a week or so since Jess and Julie had hooked up for their night of fun. Ever since, there was a hot sexual tension between them in the office. Workload and life had so far got in the way of them acting on anything. That was until a combination of business trips and vacations meant they practically had the office to themselves.
Jess had been horny all week and as per usual had her ass plugged, so she could rock and ride out the pleasure of the stretch in her ass. It had been a stressful week, so Jess also slid her Ben wah balls into her pussy as the combined sensation at work edged her so close. She wasn't expecting today to be any different to the rest of the week, so wore a pair of tight black pants and a smart white top with a pretty collar. Underneath was a plain black thong, that made her ass look good and a light pink lace bra. She didn't care that they didn't match as who would see anyway.
Julie always looked glamorous and clearly took a lot of pride in her appearance and clothes. Today, she wore another of her tightly fitted body contour dresses. This one was jade green with a slight ruffle to the skirt. The color of her tanned skin, shone next to the dress. Her long thin legs ran down to a pair of stylish wedges, showing off her perfectly painted toes.
In the office Jess had noticed how quiet it was. Initially it was only her, with others about in the building. Immediately she couldn't concentrate. Her mind darted back to the memories of her night with Julie. She rocked back and forth in her seat, pushing against the plug in her ass. The plug combined with the balls in her pussy left her feeling nicely filled, the combined sensations of the two had her instantly massively turned on.
Jess gave the office a quick look round over her shoulder, to confirm it was empty, before she unzipped her pants and slid her hand down into her panties. She had never done this before as there were always people around. This time she sat slouched back in her chair, legs apart pushing the plug into her ass and rubbing her now very wet and slippy clit. She was already so close, her heart raced as she pictured Julie's body naked in the shower whilst her fingers rapidly rubbed back and forth. Her spare hand now clasped roughly at her breasts through her top, feeling for her firm nipples beneath.
Jess was now fully committed to cumming in her chair and had zoned out from the room. As her heart rate peaked and she drew in a deep breath, she felt a soft touch on her shoulder with a familiar whisper in her ear.
"Cum for me Jess" was the command from Julie's lips.
Julie had come in to the office, to find it empty apart from Jess. On approaching she could see Jess was otherwise engaged in getting herself off and watched for a while. From where she stood, Julie could hear Jess' heavy breathing and the ruffle of her hand in her pants. Immediately, Julie wanted her again and felt her own heart rate increase and body tingle with anticipation. Stood tall in the middle of her office, Julie's hands ran the length of her body coalescing between her legs. There her fingers gently pressed against her pussy over her dress sending shivers through her.
Julie approached Jess and commanded her to cum. From the moment she touched her shoulder and mouthed the words, Jess began to orgasm. Her head, flew back as she gasped in beautiful agony. Her hips bucked, pressing the plug in harder, as her fingers continued their dance on her clit. Jess' heart skipped and her legs shut and crossed, exerting more pressure on her overwhelmed pussy. Jess came, with a few heavy gasps feeling cum seep into her pants. She felt so good to have cum in her office and still so horny as Julie was there watching.
Julie lent in to embrace Jess, wrapping her hands around her from behind before sliding them down over her tits eventually gliding into Jess' pants. There Julie's fingers entwined with Jess' to rub her cum around and tickle her trimmed bush. Hearing someone approaching, Julie pulled her hands out and casually licked her cummy fingers, before heading out to speak with Paul, one of the senior managers. The pair disappeared off, deep in conversation, leaving Jess alone again to take stock of her situation.
Sat at her desk, in cum soaked pants, she grabbed her phone, snapped a photo and sent it to Julie with the caption "look what you made me do". She then zipped up her pants and tried hard to work, awaiting Julie's reply. Jess hoped Julie would see her wet pussy, in her meeting with Paul and come back horny. Jess would be stuck at her desk until she dried out. This was why she had never cum here before, because she always made such a mess.
After a few minutes, Julie responded with "the taste from my fingers was not enough!" To which Jess responded "I didn't even get a taste of you yet". Jess wanted to lick Julie's pussy so badly. She then had a thought about licking her out under her desk. No one would see her, but would Julie be game for it? After around half an hour, Julie returned to her desk catching Jess' eye. Jess headed over, asked how the meeting went whilst gently touching Julie's neck. Julie cocked her head to the side and closed her eyes as Jess slowly ran her fingers up and down.
As Julie had done to Jess before. Jess wrapped her arms around Julie, checking no one was about, before running her hands down over Julie's firm breasts. Jess stopped, gently squeezing, before pulling Julie backwards to get under her desk. Jess couldn't believe she was doing it as she crouched down on her knees under the desk pulling Julie back in close. Hidden from view under the desk Jess hooked the hem of Julie's dress and started to slowly hike it up her long smooth tanned legs.
Jess could only get it so far without Julie's help. Julie's desk had her back against a wall and looked out over the office, straight over another empty desk to the door. So she had good sight of anyone coming in. Jess ran her hands slowly up the inside of Julie's bare legs occasionally brushing past her panty clad pussy. With every slight flick of her fingers Jess could feel Julie getting wetter in anticipation.
Julie pulled her dress up to her waist, revealing a pair of black seamless panties. Jess wrapped her hands round Julie's ass and pulled her to the edge of her seat. To anyone walking by, they would have seen nothing. Jess then eased Julie's panties down her legs and into her pocket. Jess leant in between Julie's toned thighs and kissed up her leg until she was close enough to make out the scent of her wet pussy. Jess then kissed around Julie's glistening and swollen lips, before softly licking up and down. Julie gasped with pleasure from the heat of Jess' tongue against her skin and squeezed her thighs against her.
Jess continued licking over Julie's lips for a few minutes, before her tongue penetrated inside. Jess loved the taste of Julie's pussy, but this time it was different. As she licked harder and deeper a familiar taste filled her mouth. Jess then realised she was licking out a cream pie from Julie's pussy. She thought of how Julie's partner must have fucked her this morning before work, or maybe it was Paul just then, and how she had kept his cum inside her. This turned Jess on even more as she picked up her pace, now sucking Julie's firm clit hard. Julie couldn't help but squeak from the pleasure, blushing as she attracted some looks from passers by. There was no way they could know, Jess was eating her out under the desk though.
Jess' tongue probed deep into Julie's, dripping pussy. Her hands switched between running her nails up Julie's thighs to squeezing her athletic little ass hard. Jess pulled Julie in tight one last time, coinciding with a firm suck of her clit. Julie squeezed her legs tight around Jess, her hands were tussled in her hair pushing her harder against her pussy until she came hard. Julie's breathing was fast paced, her head buried into her shoulder to prevent her from screaming, as her whole body convulsed in orgasm. Jess delighted at the sweet taste of girl cum, that ran down her tongue and filled her mouth.
Julie composed herself and pulled down her dress, just in time for Paul to reappear at the door with a question. Jess froze, as Julie tried her best to answer with a straight face. She was well aware of how flushed she was and her pussy was still so sensitive. She looked down at Jess to say "I want you now". The two women agreed to meet in the bathroom in 5 minutes. Jess slowly emerged from under the desk, feeling more turned on than ever. Her pants were still wet from her cum earlier and hey pussy throbbed to be touched by Julie. She headed back to her desk, so as not to make anyone suspicious.
After a while both women looked at eachother, stood up and headed to the bathroom. Though it was only a short walk, Jess didn't want to get caught in her wet pants as she was sure you could tell, even though the material was dark. Jess practically ran the way, with Julie elegantly following. Once inside, they couldn't let go. Julie pressed Jess up hard against the wall, kissing her. Jess' hands ran down Julie's back to her ass where they squeezed and roughly spanked her. With each spank, Julie let out a little squeal. Jess' hands once again pulled up the hem of Julie's dress, revealing her bare ass to the rest of the empty bathroom. Anyone could have walked in, as Jess' hands once again grabbed and spanked Julie's ass.
Julie's hands found their way quickly to Jess' wet crotch, before undoing her pants and slipping inside. Julie quickly rubbed Jess', now super sensitive clit spreading her cum all over. Realising they could be caught at any moment they headed to the largest stall. Once inside Jess pulled Julie's dress off over her head to reveal her tits, encased in a soft pink strapless bra. Julie pulled Jess' pants and panties down to her knees before sliding two fingers inside her dripping wet pussy. Jess moaned loudly as the fingers went in and as Julie played with the balls she had inserted earlier.
Jess returned the favor to Julie by first licking and then sliding her fingers inside, pulling yet more of Julie's partners cum from deep within her pussy. Both women were entwined in one another as they furiously fingered eachother. By now they didn't care about the noise, with both Jess and Julie panting, sighing, squeaking with pleasure. The walls of the stall banged as the women pushed eachother hard against them, applying as much pressure as they could.
Jess' pussy dripped cum down her inner thighs as she became ever closer. Jess rubbed Julie's and her partner's cum all over her gleaming pussy. By now both women were incredibly close. They kissed eachother firmly, as sweat ran down their backs. Julie sensed Jess was close and slowly pulled at the string connected to Jess' balls. Jess came first, her hips bucked back and forth thrusting against Julie, pressing her bare ass against the wall if the stall. Jess squealed with pleasure as she squirted all over Julie's hand and down her legs. The stretch from the balls being pulled out at the exact moment of orgasm was exhilarating. Jess' ass clenched pushing the plug out which dropped to the floor for anyone to see.
The force and sight of Jess' body orgasming against Julie made her cum. She lost her usual composure, taking deep breaths as her knees went weak. Julie mourned as she fell into Jess, with her face next to Jess' wet dripping pussy. Julie immediately started licking and sucking the cum from her glistening lips. Julie sucked Jess' clit hard whilst grabbing her ass cheeks firmly. Julie knew how Jess loved ass play and slid a finger deep into her still gaping asshole. Jess came again in no time, covering Julie's face in cum. Julie stood up, running her sticky wet hands up over Jess' chest to cover her in her own cum.
Jess pulled up her now completely soaked panties, zipped up her pants and grabbed her toys from the floor. Julie, pulled down her dress and smoothed it out over her body. Patches of cum, made it wet and dark in places. Julie couldn't find her panties anywhere and Jess had forgotten she had pocketed then earlier. The women emerged from the stall to straighten themselves up, and after one last kiss they individually left to head back to the office.
The afternoon dragged on, with Julie in meetings all afternoon. That left Jess on her own again. Sat in her cum soaked clothes, with a pocket full of sex toys, she fumbled in her other pocket only to find Julie's panties. She pulled them out and sniffed them deeply to take in Julie's scent. She grabbed her phone and sent a photo to Julie, before undoing her pants once again and stuffing them inside her pussy. Julie messaged asking to get them back, as she felt awkward in her meeting with no panties on. Jess replied with a photo of them being pushed inside her saying she was saving them for some fun later.