Denise leaned back on the sofa with her skirt up around her waist,
her knickers on the floor, and Andrew's head buried in her crotch.
"Mmmm... yes.  That's good, little brother," she purred, stroking the
back of his head as his tongue explored the folds of her sex.  "I think
we should do one of the boys next.  After all, I'll swear Jimmy's only
in the coven to try and get inside the pretty girls."

Andrew slipped a finger into the wet heat of her sex, rocking it back
and forth inside her.  He looked up from her crotch for a moment.
"Yeah, he's got a nice buggerable arse.  What do we want to do with him?"

"I think he'd make a nice incubus.  He's horny all the time anyway,"
said Denise.  "Now get back to what you were doing."

Andrew returned his attention to Denise's clit, swirling his tongue around
it and sucking gently.  She moaned with delight, tightening her grip
on his head, and felt him slip a second finger inside her.  His fingers
rocked back and forth inside her, pressing against all the right spots.
She writhed with delight as he slipped a third finger into her.

"I know... what... you want... to do now..." she gasped between groans
of delight.

Andrew looked up again, working his fourth finger into her sex.  Their
eyes met, and she nodded.  She felt his whole hand sliding inside her
sex, filling it, stretching it, and surrendered to the waves of pleasure
rushing through her body.  He returned his tongue to her clit, his hand
gently flexing and twisting inside her as he licked.  She closed her
eyes, whimpering faintly at the overwhelming sensations between her legs.
The tension inside was growing almost unbearable.

His knuckle brushed across a particularly sensitive spot inside her,
and she came with an ear-piercing scream of ecstasy.  She slumped back on
the sofa, sated and spent, feeling as if she couldn't have moved for all
the tea in China.  Andrew gently eased his hand out of her and stood up.
"Anything else you want?" he asked.

She looked up at him through a post-orgasmic fog, a dreamy smile on
her face.  "Fetch me a blanket, little brother?  I don't think I can
do stairs..."

			*	*	*

Jimmy stepped into the clearing, wondering why Denise had asked him to
come up here alone.  He never felt entirely comfortable alone in the
forest; it always felt as if the fey were watching him from the trees,
waiting for him to leave himself defenceless.

Denise stood naked in the centre of the clearing, a pewter chalice
in hand.  "Ah, Jimmy," she said.  "Take your clothes off.  I'm going to
teach you some secret rituals of the wand and the chalice tonight."

Jimmy felt his cock hardening, guessing that she wasn't talking about
wooden wands and pewter chalices.  If he was honest with himself, he had
to admit that he'd mostly joined Denise's coven to eye up the pretty
girls and maybe slip it to them.  He kicked off his battered trainers
and untucked his T-shirt.  "Wands and chalices, eh?"

Denise smiled at him, and slipped one hand down to stroke between her
thighs. "Oh, yes, Jimmy.  It's exactly what you think."

Jimmy grinned and peeled off his T-shirt, then quickly unfastened
his jeans.  He yanked his jeans and underpants down with one motion
and kicked them away, leaving his erection on display.	Denise looked
at his jutting cock and smiled.  "Quite a nice wand you have there,
Jimmy," she said, and took a sip of the wine.  "The teacher has drunk.
Let the student now drink."

Jimmy walked across the clearing and reached for the chalice.  As he
took it in his hand, something in the back of his mind suddenly screamed
"DANGER!".  He dropped the chalice to the ground and started backing away.
"You're...  you're trying to do something weird to me!"

Denise scowled.  "Damn you," she snarled, stooping to grab something from
her bag.  Jimmy seized the opportunity and ran, not even bothering to
grab his clothes in his eagerness to escape the clearing and get as far as
he could from Denise.  After a minute or so he ran head-first into a low
branch in the darkness and landed flat on his back, dazed by the impact.

As he lay there dazed, he noticed a faint white glow coming through
the trees.  He watched it draw closer, and resolve into the shape of a
sylphlike woman with flawless skin and long, fine white hair.  She smiled
down at him benevolently.  "What troubles you, mortal?" she asked.

"There's... there's a madwoman wanting to do black magic to me back in
that clearing!	Help me!" he shouted, relieved to see a friendly-looking
face.

The glowing woman nodded.  "I will help you, mortal.  Tell me your name,
that I may use its power to hide you from her."

"J-Jimmy.  My name's Jimmy," he said, getting to his feet.  "Are you
one of the fey?"

The glowing woman scowled at him.  "We are not overly fond of that word,
but yes, I am of the Fair Folk.  Now, Jimmy.  Follow me in silence."
Something about the way she spoke seemed to grip his mind, making him
obey her.  He followed mutely in her footsteps as she led him through
the trees.

After what seemed an hour, Jimmy realised that not only did he not know
how to get back to anywhere, he wasn't even in the same forest any more.
The trees seemed different somehow - taller, straighter, paler-barked.

He opened his mouth.  The fey woman raised her hand.  "There is no
need for you to speak your question; your mind is plain as day to me.
You are in my country now," she said, turning to face him.  "You are in
my country, and your mind is in my grasp, and your body shall feed my
many hungers."

Jimmy blinked in surprise as her dress dissolved into mist, leaving her
clad only in the ghostly light that shone from every inch of her flesh.
She stepped up to him and caressed his chest and stomach.  "Oh, yes,
Jimmy.	You will be a wondrous repast."

She took his cock in his hand, smiling as it stiffened in her grasp.
He looked into her eyes, and suddenly she was all that mattered.
She kissed him lightly on the cheek, leaving a strange chill where her
lips touched his skin, and knelt in front of him.  Her lips parted,
and Jimmy groaned in ecstasy as her oddly cool tongue swirled gently
over the head of his cock.

Jimmy stroked the fey woman's hair, and she took his cock into her mouth,
slowly engulfing his entire length within its cool, wet confines.  She
spoke in his mind as she massaged his cock with tongue and throat. "You
are mine to consume, Jimmy.  I will draw out your seed with my body,
I will draw out your blood with my knives, I will draw out your life
with my kiss.  From these things there shall be made more of my kind."

Jimmy groaned with ecstasy, tightening his grip on her head as her mouth
milked him inexorably towards orgasm.  Even the knowledge that he was
going to die served only to heighten his arousal.  He felt her fingers
caressing his balls, the tips of her nails brushing lightly over them,
tipping him over the edge.  For a few moments, all that seemed to exist
for him was her cool, enveloping mouth and his pulsing cock.

When he could think again, she had drawn back until only the head of
his cock was inside her mouth.	Her tongue ran around it, licking away
the last drops of come, and then she stood up.	He looked down in some
confusion at his cock, still as hard as it had been just before he
emptied his balls down her throat.

"The men on whom I prey stay hard for me until I have wholly drained
them of seed and blood and life," she whispered.  "Your cock will not
soften now until you are dead."

Jimmy looked at her, questions bubbling through his mind.  She smiled,
and pulled a long knife out of the empty air.  "On your back, Jimmy,"
she said, pointing at the floor.  Jimmy laid down on the ground, cock
jutting proudly upward, and watched entranced as the fey woman knelt
down astride him and guided his cock into the cool, wet, clinging depths
of her sex.  When he was inside her to the hilt, she trailed the knife
lightly over his chest.

A wave of pain and pleasure shot through him as she pressed down with the
knife, blood welling up where it pierced the skin next to his nipple.
She leaned down and licked the wound, squeezing his cock with the
muscles of her sex as she tasted his blood.  He groaned and bucked his
hips upward, and she gave an answering groan of delight.  With blinding
speed and astounding strength she rolled the pair of them over, leaving
herself flat on her back with her arms around his shoulders and her legs
around his waist.

He needed no prompting.  He started to thrust hard and fast, not bothering
with any buildup in his eagerness to fill her sex with his come.  She dug
her nails into his back, both of them groaning with ecstasy as his cock
pounded into her sex, blood smearing over her pale skin as his chest
rubbed against hers.

"Kiss me," she gasped.	Jimmy pressed his mouth against hers, and their
tongues snaked around each other in time to his increasingly urgent
thrusts.  He felt her sex tighten around his cock, and the increased
pressure and friction swiftly brought him to climax.  As her sex hungrily
milked his pulsing cock, drawing his come into her, pain exploded through
his mouth as she bit down with razor-sharp teeth, severing his tongue.

"Don't stop," commanded her voice inside his head.  He obeyed, continuing
to pound his rigid cock in and out of her sex as she drank down the blood
that flowed from the severed stump of his tongue.  He felt another orgasm
building, even as his strength started to ebb away.  As the world
began to blur around him, turning grey at the edges, he filled her hungry
sex with come again before everything went black and he knew no more.

			*	*	*

Denise and Andrew looked down at Jimmy's pallid, tongueless corpse.
"Damn," said Denise.  "He had such a nice cock.  It would have been fun
to have both of you up me at once."

Andrew smiled at her.  "Would have been pretty good to be up him while
he was up you, too.  The Fair Folk must have got him."

Denise nodded.	"Ah well.  Get your trousers off and give me the good
hard fucking I didn't get from him."
