Aunt Sarita And The Maid.

By Jeevan jeevan80@hotmail.com

I could not get married to Meena as her family members
objected it. But we decided to meet regularly to each
other. She got married in 1976 to a handsome young man
working as medical representative. LOVE is more strong
than artificial / man made customs. I was now staying
in my own rented flat just near Aunt Saritas house.
Since I was a bachelor aunt found one maid servant to
look after the cleanliness of the house and to cook
food for me. Her name was Sunita and She was about 30
yr. old. Her skin was fair and she had nice figure for
her age. Her boobs were about 38 D and she had solid
40 ass. Her husband had died in an accident leaving
three girl children behind for her to look after. Her
eldest girl, Sangeeta, was 15 yr. old and was studying
in 10 standard.

Sunita used to come at 7 am in the morning and at 7 PM
in the evening to complete her chores. I used to watch
her with interest as she worked and was always
thinking of how to seduce her. This continued for a
week. All the while I was thinking of seducing this
tight assed maid. One Sunday I got up as usual took my
bath and was watching Rangoli on DD 1. Sunita came for
the work, prepared the Tea and gave me one cup of it.
She started to sweep the floor. Since she was doing it
bending I could see her heavy boobs coming out of the
blouse. This made me hot and my 9-inch cock started to
grow. I was wearing shorts without any underwear and
it was very difficult to hide my hard on. I was
sitting on couch with my legs spread and I looked at
my crotch to find it swollen. Sunita was sweeping the
other side of the room and was not aware of this. I
put my hand in my shorts and adjusted my cock on left
side of the leg parallel to it. Since my cock is 9
inch, the cock head was now peeking out from the
shorts.  In the evening I was working on the computer
when the doorbell rang. I opened the door and it was
my beloved Aunt Sarita. I asked her to come in. We sat
chatting on the couch. Aunt asked me how is Sunita and
whether I had fucked her? I told her that she is a
nice lady and I am very eager to fuck her 40-inch ass.
Hearing this aunt laughed and said,  I thought you
might have fucked her by now. Did you not? Oh my poor
child. Your cock is getting hard just thinking about
her ass, is it not you naughty boy. Saying so she
pushed her hand in my shorts and held my cock tightly.
Oh the little devil is all hard and ready to fuck?
she said. With this she removed her gown and threw it
on the floor. She came near me and took my shorts off.
She bent her head and started to suck my cock, moving
her tongue all over. It felt so nice and I started to
buck my hips towards her mouth. I told aunt that
Sunita has seen my cock and that she seems to be
willing to participate in our game.  Oh who the fuck I
said and pulled my shorts from the floor and went to
open the door. It was Sunita standing at the door. She
looked at my sweat covered body and said, Sir, what
were you doing? Your body is all covered with sweat.
Can I help you? What could I say? She came in and
went towards kitchen and saw Aunt Sarita sitting on
the living room couch. Her face was covered with sweat
and she was breathing faster. Her hair was scattered.
Sunita saw all this and she was no dumb. I saw her
eyes fixed on the puddle of come that had oozed out of
aunts pussy that had fallen on the floor. She went
near Sarita and bend down to see what it was. I was
very much worried to have been caught in the act. To
my surprise Sunita put her fingers in the come and
brought it to her mouth and licked it.  OH Madam
Sarita this tastes nice. It has been a long time since
I had sex. My husband was a good fucker and I used to
suck his cock and drink his come. Will you please help
me fuck?  Aunt asked Sunita,  How old are your
daughters?

Sunita ,  Eldest is Sangeeta 16 yr., 2nd is 13 yr.
and last one is 10 yrs old. Sangeeta is grown up and I
have to arrange for her marriage. Sunita, Ohh
Sangeeta is 16 yr. I was listening to this and my cock
started to grow just thinking of fucking a 16-yr. old
girl. Lets see how to go about it.  What we did to
Sangeeta, Sunitas daughter? Read in next story in
couple of days.

Did you like the story of real life?  I am 45 now and
stay in PUNE. The maid, Sunita is now grand mother of
six children and occasionally we get a chance to
repeat what we did here. My aunt Sarita was bisexual
and loved everything in sex. My cousin Meena too got
the chance to witness my fucking Sunita. Any comments/
feedback is welcome.

Write to me Jeevan.  E-mail to:  jeevan80@yahoo.com 
 
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!