Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


SEDUCTION OF FRIENDS DAUGHTER 
SEDUCTION OF FRIENDS DAUGHTER 
By Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

Hey this story contains adult material and sex between older man and young woman. This is for adult entertainment only and for private use only. 
Recently I seduced daughter of my friend who is 19 yr. of age and comes to learn computer to us.. her name is Tina. She has a nice set of tits for her age, about 35D. Yes they are huge for her age and thats why she caught my eye.her height was about 55, nice small waist and big 37 inch ass. I am nasty sexy man . Can u believe?.. You know my computer is filled with all the dirty Pics and stories I got from the net.. One day I copied a pic in which a woman was sucking a mans cock. It was a close up. I had assigned Insert key for PASTE in MS word I was telling her how to work on Ms word and she accidentally pressed the insert key... My god! The dirty pic pasted itself on the page. Her eyes turned big and I was too stunned to do anything. ..She asked me what was it.. I told her it was a dirty picture and she should not see it.. But she saw it and asked again.she was very curious and did not know anything Or showed me that.Yes I still feel that she acted innocent.. 
I told her now that it was a cock and the lady was sucking it.She again looked at the pic and asked why she did this. I told her just for the fun they were doing it.. She asked for more pictures. ( no one was home ) I told her it was not good for her to see them But she insisted. .So I showed her the photos I had put on Power point.. They were all kinds alllll u know. all fucking poses group sex lesbians and gays too.and Dog fucking women.. horse fucking women.she looked at them with interest Then I told her that they were sent by a lady friend from the internet.  Then I showed her an e mail You had written about the loving between you and your aunt and how both of you fucked a boy at Trichi Hotel.. She read all the mail and the one I wrote to you too. She asked me how can two women love ? I told her as you read.. they suck each others pussy and press the boobs oohhh thats why my friend Munni rub my chest? she said to hr self.ohhhh what u said I asked her.. she kept mum than She asked me what is Pussy ,cunt? I told her it is the place u pee from. And touched her cunt over her skirt. She asked what is cock, dick lund? I gave her the answer too.. She asked if I had one? Yes silly all men have I told her. She then asked me to show it... Ohh ! I almost came in my pants! I told her to feel it over my pants. My god! The girl really caught my cock over the pant. She pressed it and asked me why it was so hard.. I told her that it becomes hard when any female touches it. She smiled and continued to rub it.. My God ! What a sensation! I asked her to stop but she continuedI asked her to show me her pussy and she told me to feel it over her skirt it was nice to rub it over the fabric.. I could feel the slit and pushed my fingers there to feel it.. she moanedI pushed my hand below the skirt and felt it over the chaddi.my mouth was near her boobs so I rubbed my face all over the two melons and she moaned louderI pushed my hand in her chaddi and felt her hot virgin cuntshe was really excited and rubbed her boobs over my face and then pulled her t shirt to free them.. her nipples were hard and I caught them in my mouth and sucked. Ohh godd!!! soo niceshe was pressing her boobs hard on my mouth.. ohh Uncle.. suck them feelsss nice.she saidshe unzipped my pant and freed the monster rubbed it up and down.she told she wanted to watch movie..the dirty one I then showed a porn flick to her in which a woman caught the come from the cock.three men fucking a woman.. one in cunt one in ass one in mouth.Ohh Uncle.. how this can happen.. she is loving three menmy god Uncle.. watch her she is enjoying itoohhh Uncle.. I want your thing like she is taking ohh will you do this to me Uncle?.i was rubbing her cunt over and feeling her boobs too. She pressed my cock harder and harder.we could have fucked right then but we were disturbed when my son came home. I adjusted everything and opened the door for him. Tinas face was all red and she went home. 
After this incidence we got a chance 15 days later and I took her to internet caf... I showed her the dirty sites and came home... Later I was really lusting after her One day I went to drop her to her college which is 5 KM away.. She sat on my bike and her big boobs touched my back.. They felt very soft and rubbed hard on my back... I pretended to scratch my back and felt them with my hand.  they were soo soft my goddddd!!!1 
One day I got a nice chance when she came home alone and no one was in. I decided to do my wicked thing.. So I asked her how she felt last time when she had my cock in her hand.. and I sucked her boobsand rubbed her cunt.. She said Uncle my head was spinning and I felt hot and some thing was happening down there.in my Ohhh c-u-n-n-ttt saying so she looked at her pubic area. .I asked her if she felt something in her chest. Yes Uncle my chest had become heavy and hard. .I asked her what she did at home? She told..Uncle I remembered your hard cock in that pant and I felt I was rubbing itand I pressed my chest and rubbed my cunt .. and ooh Uncle it felt wonderful.. I felt something coming out of cunt and my body shakedand then I slept. I asked her to show me how she did it. .Ohhh the girl went red with shame.. She was wearing tee-shirt and skirt and her boobs were heaving as she talked.she breathed faster and faster I asked her do it in front of me. She trembled but caught her boobs in her hands and massaged them over the shirt.. My goddddddd !.you should have been here to watch those melons fondled by herthen she put her hand below the skirt and rubbed the pussy. Oohh Uncle I did thissss it feels so niceOhh UncleI remember you when I do this.i remember your hard cock hard big cock.. Ohh My cock got real hard and I took her one hand and placed it over my cock. She caught it and pressed it hard and that made me jump tooo..she rubbed it all over the length and pressed it hard making me jump I put my hand in her skirt and felt the hot cunt over her chaddi. Oh it was really hot and her chaddi had become wet. I pushed her chaddi away and felt the naked cunt with my hand. ..soooo smooth with little hair .I looked at her and our eyes met I puled her face down and kissed her on the lipsshe trembled and opened her mouth to take my tongue inI played with her tongue in her mouth like two snakes wrapping and unwrapping during coitus..I felt her tongue move in my mouth and play all the tricks there.my cock was strained for a long time in the confinement of my pants. so I unzipped my pant and removed my 9-inch cock and Tina was shocked to see it Oohhh Uncle it is soo biggg.. I never saw anything this size.. I just looked small things of the boys oh Uncle what is that red thing at the tip.. my baby it is called crown or cock head . Touch it Tina. Tina touched it and said it was smoothshivers ran through my body as she touched it.. My cock is circumcised and so the cock head comes out easily.. She rubbed it up and down.looking at it intentlynow I was real hot and could not wait to see those boobs soo big on the small body.. so I pushed her tee-shirt up and exposed those big big boobs.. Tina too looked at them and saidUncle what is that black thing. It is getting hard.. silly Girl its your nipples. It gives milk to the baby Ohhh Uncle how does the baby come.. I said they grow in your belly.. see here..( I touched her belly to show).. ohh Uncle when will I get the baby. Oh Tina u are stupid.. after marriage when the husband puts his cock in your yoni u get them. Ohhhh how ?please tell me Uncle.. hey u feel my hand on your cunt Yoni? ..yesss.. the man puts his cock in there and fucks you gives his come in your yoni and the baby grows. Saying so I took her nipple in my mouth and started to suck it like a baby See Tina I am sucking your nipple feeling something?.. Yes Uncle it tickles and something is happening down there ..in my -----yoni.. all the while she rubbed my cock and some precome fell on her hand Ohh Uncle what is this .. I said lick it.. she licked it and frowned.. ohh Uncle it is salty.. yes baby it is. Come on now love my cock Tina. Take it in your mmoouuutthh Ohhhhhhh Yesss Tina yess.. lick the tipppp. Yaaaaa. Fasterrrr ohhhh Tinaaaaaaacome onnnnnn. Now Tina had the crown in her mouth and was licking it all over. Like she was expert in this.. Natural instinct .I pushed my hand in her skirt and removed her chaddi.. and smelt it.. Ohhh the erotic piss smell.. made my cock swell  I pushed my hand over her bare cunt and felt it had become wet. I pushed one finger inside her cunt Ohh Uncle what are u doing .. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh .Unncclleeee ohhhhhh it feels nice.Put that finger deeper Uncle. I put it deep and feel her hymen My finger rubbed all over her vagina and I pushed it to touch her hymen.Ohh Tina you are real virgin I can feel your hymen come put your finger here I tke her finger and put it deep inside her yoni Ohhh Uncle I feel some membrane here. Ohhhh is it this? the hymen u said?..yes Tina thats the hymen. When man puts his cock there it breaks. Ohhh Uncle can u put your cock and break it? Not now I said Ohh Uncle please.. do it I want that cock in me It is soo big and my cunt is soo small will it hurt? yes Tina it will I will do it I will fuck you but not now let me show you other things babyI spread the cunt lips and made her lay in 69 position so that I had full access to her cunt.. I put my tongue over the entire cunt and licked it all over the slit.. UNCLEE ohhhhh niceeee come on Tina suck it suck my dickkk. She did and took almost 4 inches in her mouth her small mouth felt wonderful on my cock. sooo hoott and soo wet.Tina caught my balls in her hand.Uncle what are these two sacs. Ohh Baby they are my balls and the come is prepared there on Uncle they are so nice suck each ball in your mouth Tina. Tina took my ball in the mouth and rotated her tongue all over it.. it felt so good...then she again engulfed my cock in her oral cavity and sucked with new found pleasure of rubbing the balls..I pushed my tongue in her tiny vaginal hole it was really wettt and soo smalll I spread the newly developed labia and licked it all overI licked her asshole tooo. Ohh Uncleee it feeelllss nicceee. Ohhh Uncle.. Ahhhh what is happenng to me Uncle ohhh .. and believe me .. she came.. her small body jerked her assss too jerked and oohhh I came with this in her mouth she gagged and spat it all on the floor.i got up and watched her innocent body heaving.. in her first come ..Her nipples had been hard for all the time Ohh .she came to senses and looked a bit shaky. I told her not to tell this to anyone she said yes I wont. I wanted to put my cock in her cunt but this was too much for the day. I took her to the bathroom and sat down with my face turned upwards.. I told her to piss on my face.. she hesitated .. but her bladder was full and she squatted over me and started to piss the golden stream fell right on my face and I drank whatever was possible. . as she pissed she farted right on my face ohhhh the smeelll was sexy tooo then I got up and pissed through my cock in front of her. She looked at the stream in amazement.  we took about 45 minutes for all this and thank god nobody disturbed us. 
Comments /suggestions are welcome. All the husbands out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked by stranger Please feel free to write to me, I will try to fulfill your fantasy.. Any husband wants me to do this to his wife? Any wife wants me? All are welcome. I solve sexual problems as well as marriage problems. Confidentiality assured and expected too. Any girl wishes to learn? All ladies and horney girls are welcome. I love young girls too. Want to play roles for real?? Feel free to write. Write to me at jeevan80@yahoo.com 
 




<Back To Pages>

