Title: Claire needed Sex
Author: Mystic47
Rating: 97.1%
Themes: Fiction, Blowjob, Consensual Sex, First Time, Incest

Summary:
Claire’s body was glowing with heat; she was panting her desire when we finally relaxed back to the bed. I was fully aroused; my nuts were packed with another load for my hot little sister. I moved between her thighs and lay over her body.

It was about 10:30 Friday night and I had just gotten home from running with my friends. I was tired and a little drunk from three beers I sneaked at a party. My parents were still at the bowling lanes; they wouldn’t be home until after midnight. I didn’t kno

============================================================

Claire’s body was glowing with heat; she was panting her desire when we finally relaxed back to the bed. I was fully aroused; my nuts were packed with another load for my hot little sister. I moved between her thighs and lay over her body.

It was about 10:30 Friday night and I had just gotten home from running with my friends. I was tired and a little drunk from three beers I sneaked at a party. My parents were still at the bowling lanes; they wouldn’t be home until after midnight. I didn’t know where my sister was but she was sixteen, I didn’t need to babysit her, and I didn’t particularly care where she was or what she was doing. I headed for my room and pulled out a XXX DVD and stuck it into my laptop. As I got ready for bed the video started. It was a favorite. A seventeen-year-old boy becomes a man with his step-mother, then he fucks a couple of her friends, and finally her sixteen-year-old daughter, his step-sister. The end of the video has my hero fucking both the mom and daughter as the light fades into darkness. I was eighteen and was still waiting to get my first piece of ass. I imagined myself in the video with those four hot women.

About the time the step-sister was giving my hero head, I heard a knock on my bedroom door. I jumped, startled by the interruption, then closed the lid of my laptop before snarling "Who is it?" I was irritated that someone had interrupted my self-indulgence. I was naked under the blanket and my boner was aching from the pressure of built-up lust.

The door opened a few inches and my little sister Claire stuck her head in and asked "What are you grouching about."

"You’re bothering me. Go away."

"What are you doing?"

"I’m trying to get some sleep, now get your bitch ass out of my fucking room."

Not only did she not get out, but pushed the door wider, stepped inside, and closed it again. "I heard voices, you watching a movie?" She lifted the lid on the laptop and the video began to play again. Claire stepped back and watched as the kid on-screen rammed his hard meat into the girl and started screwing her, the step-sister’s boobs were bouncing all over her chest while she got fucked. My sister turned to me and said "I thought this is what you were doing," then backed up and parked her ass on my bed and turned back to the screen, "Who is she?"

I wanted to shock her, to get her out of my room so I said "That’s his sister. She got too nosy so he’s raping her."

"Don’t look like rape to me; she looks like she’s enjoying him a lot."

"Damn it, Claire, turn it off and get your sorry butt out." She didn’t move so I kicked at her but the blanket softened to blow.

Claire looked over her shoulder and smiled impishly, "Are you naked under there?" she quizzed.

Her question made me wary, "No."

My sister stood up, grabbed the end of the blanket, ripped it off me then threw it on the floor, in half a second I was lying completely nude in front of her. She grinned hugely and said mockingly, "Oh Travis, you lied, you’re naked." My erection had deflated a little but she looked directly at it then asked "I’ve only seen one live prick before, is that as big as it gets?"

I felt myself burning red with embarrassment but something else was happening to me. My cock started to grow larger again, reacting to Claire as she watched it. Her eyes were glittering as she glanced into mine and asked "Have you ever had sex?" I couldn’t answer her, I couldn’t make any sound as I looked back at her. My silence gave me away, "Me neither, I almost did with Jacob but he squirted all over my clothes when I touched it and I didn’t go out with him after that,” she said then added, "but I still want to."

“You want to go out with him again?”

“No, I still want to have sex.”

My throat tightened but I managed to croak, "You’re only sixteen, that's too young to be doing that yet."

“What do you know about it? Maybe you played checkers when you were sixteen, but a lot of boys and girls my age play other types of games.  Let me show you, you'll see, I'm old enough" she began to unbutton her blouse.

Claire peeled off her blouse, she wasn’t wearing a bra. Her tits rose firmly from her chest in twin mounds of smooth flesh and skin. Her nipples extended from the light brown circle at the tip of them. She was flushed around the neck and face, her cheeks glowing in the dim light. I watched, fascinated, as my sister unhooked her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She looked me then turned in a full circle, showing me her body. At 5’5" she weighed maybe 110 pounds. Her shoulders and back slimmed to a waist I could span with one hand then flared out as her hips and ass then rounded down to firm thighs. Her panties were white lacy high cut briefs that accented the curve of her thighs and butt. She finished the full circle facing me again. I could see a shadow of pubic hair hidden behind the thin lace.

My cock had exploded to full strength while she was putting on the show, my embarrassment burned out of me as a morning fog burns off from the sun. Claire stepped closer to the bed, looked at my hard-on which was aimed at the ceiling then put a finger in the band of her panties and pulled it from her stomach then offered, "You want to take them off me?"  She let the elastic snap back against her skin.

This was too sudden; I couldn’t figure out exactly what was happening, "What the hell are you doing Claire?"

She pointed to the monitor where the kid was fucking the girl, "I want to do that and I don’t want to wait anymore." She looked back at me, I saw her shiver, she said cautiously, "We can do it together."

"I’m your brother, we can’t do that."

Her moment of timidity faded and she announced firmly, "Of course we can, you have a stiff prick and I have the place for it, right here," She put a hand into her panties and rubbed her crotch, and justified, “You don’t have a girlfriend, I’m not dating but we both want that,” she nodded to the monitor again. “I watch this stuff on my laptop and it’s fun, but I think it would be more fun if a boy was with me.”

That got my attention, “You watch porn too?”

“Sometimes, and guess what I found, and it’s something I kind of think about.” I was thinking blowjobs, but she surprised me, “I look at videos with brothers and sisters doing it.”

“Brothers and sisters, together?”

Claire sat on the side of the bed and put her hand on my thigh, a couple of inches below my erection, “They fuck and it looks like fun.” She nodded at the video where the step-sister was bouncing on the boy’s cock, “We can too if you want.”

I glanced at the monitor then back to Claire, my prick was as hard as it ever felt, it was thudding with pressurized lust.  I was yielding to my sister, “You watch brothers and sisters doing it? Show me.” I grabbed my computer, shut off the video, and handed it to Claire. She smiled big then sat on the bed next to me, her tits bounced and swung back and forth, enriching my view and thoughts of her.

We sat side by side, she typed XNXX.com into the address bar and in moments the monitor was full of sex videos.  Claire didn’t stop there, she went to ‘search’ and entered ‘brother and sister’ then a new set of videos popped up.  “See, I bet not all of them are real brother and sister but I look for the amateur ones, they look more real. I looked at her, my mind was blank, who the hell was this girl sitting next to me??  Claire, my younger sister was missing, in her place was this strange girl, I didn’t know who she was.

She ran the mouse over a video, “This one looks real, she’s playing a guitar and starts talking to her brother then they fuck.” I looked at the screen to see a pretty blonde girl with really long thick hair, smiling and talking to the camera.  Claire turned up the volume then I sat back and got my introduction to incest.  The video ran for about twenty minutes and in that time the girl convinced her brother they should screw, then they screwed.  All the way, the fading scene was her fingering cum from her pussy while she cooed soft affection to her brother.  My sister didn’t say a word the whole time, she didn’t need to.  When the show was over Claire asked, “You want to see more, or do you want to do that with me now?”  My younger sister was sitting on my bed brazenly offering to let me fuck her and I was frozen with anxiety. She noted my uncertainty so continued by rationalizing, “If we do it together then we can have sex anytime mom and dad are gone. I think you could like the convenience of having me in the room next to yours. She leaned closer to my face and stated with bold determination, "I’m not some bitch getting paid to make a fuck video, I’m right here, I’m real and I'm horny."  She stood from the bed then repeated without shame, “I don’t want to wait anymore Travis, you don’t have to wait anymore.”

My hands were shaking as I reached for the waistband of her panties and pulled them over her hips and dropped them to the floor. I was staring at her tits which were shaking when Claire reached for my hands and held them against her hips then swayed her ass under my touch. I moved my eyes lower until I was looking at a real live girl’s crack for the first time ever, she said: "Set the movie back to the first time he fucks his sister; I want to see that."

"It’s not his true sister, she’s the step-sister."

"I don’t care who she is, back it up, I want to see when he puts it in her the first time."

I sat up to reset the DVD and when I turned back, Claire was lying directly in the middle of my bed on her back. I sat next to her and began a close intimate inspection of my unexpected playmate. My prick was beginning to stretch the limits of the skin holding it together. She took my hand closest to her body and pulled it over her left tit and pressed it into the softness. Her skin was hot, I could feel her heart thundering under my hand, she was shaking like she was freezing. As I fondled her breast, she put her other hand between my legs and gripped my erection.

My entire body shuttered at her touch. My heart was hammering a thousand beats a minute and I could hardly breathe. Claire started pumping my cock which was spitting drops of clear fluid onto her fingers. She smiled up at me, spread her legs, and urged softly "Touch me down there, rub me and put your finger in me." I slid my hand off her tit and over her stomach, through soft dark curls then down between her legs. When my fingers touched the hot lips of her sex, she arched her back and flexed her hips, rubbing her cunt on my hand. She hissed sharply when I extended a finger into her crack and felt for her hole.

I pushed my middle finger into the tender opening of her body. Claire was rolling her head back and forth, eyes closed, mouth partly open. She hissed softly every time I pulled my finger out and grunted when I pushed it in. I put my other hand on a tit and played with the nipple. While I was fingering her, she was trying to rip my bloated erection off my body.  She reached for my hand and pulled it away. Claire opened her eyes and looked up at me. Moving her head back and forth had thrown her hair over her face, half of it was hidden behind the soft raven waves; one blue eye peered at me through the curls. Her eyes darted briefly to the video just as the step-sister was pulling my guy by his erection toward her pussy. Claire held her arms up and voiced almost silently, "Do it with me, Travis, now."

I laid on the bed next to my smoking hot sister, she twisted around until we were lying face to face on our sides. My cock was pressed against her thigh. Claire lifted her leg and hooked it over my hip. My erection slipped between her legs and wedged itself against her body. I began to stroke along the lips of her pussy, mixing the fluids seeping from her with mine. She put her arms around me and held me tight, her tits were mashed on my chest. She was moving in waves, gasping for breath in my ear as I humped my ass. She was so hot she set me on fire everywhere we touched. I rolled her to her back, staying locked in her arms so I ended up over her, between her legs. Claire loosened her grip on me so I could maneuver the head of my prick between the sides of pussy.  She told me she was a virgin so I asked "Will this hurt you?"

She managed to utter, "No, I used something." She looked at my video just as the kid was putting the head of his cock into the girl. Claire locked her eyes on mine and urged one more time, "Put it in, I want to know ----- I want to feel-----." My sister rolled her hips and the end of my cock slipped into her.  We were still; I could feel the pressure of her hole surrounding the end of my erection which pulsed each time my heart thumped.  I bent my back, pushing further into Claire while she lay quiet, looking at me.  My ass clenched tight which forced me even deeper into her; she moved her legs farther apart which gave me more room to move.  My hands were pushing into the mattress on each side of her head, my arms stiff so I was angled from my head to where our groins touched. All of a sudden, I realized I couldn’t go further; my rock-solid erection was as far into my sister as it would go.  Our pubic hairs were tangled, our bodies pinned together by my cock.  Neither of us moved for a few seconds, we just looked at each other, then Claire began to smile.  She licked her lips with the end of her tongue and flexed her hips, my cock slid out a couple of inches then back in.  I returned the smile and pulled out of her until her pubic hair was tickling the end of my cock then thrust back into her.  After a second thrust, which she met by pushing back on me, we were fucking.

We were both having sex for the first time so neither of us knew exactly what we were doing. For the first few moments, I was pounding into her while she slammed back on me but we were out of sync. We had no fuck rhythm so I kept slipping out of her. When I did, she would reach for me and help me put my swollen muscle back into her. I slowed down deliberately so she could move with me. It wasn’t long before Claire and I found a rhythm so we were climbing to higher and higher levels of excitement. I marveled at the feeling of sliding in and out of my little sister’s hot limber body.  She was moaning softly, hands on my back, holding me close. Her tits were mashed against my chest, her stomach rubbing on mine. I watched her face, every time I shoved my cock deep into her, she gritted her teeth and hissed lightly. I could smell her, I could feel her, I felt her breath on my ear; I wanted all my senses to experience the girl so I bent my head and licked her neck. That final touch, my tongue on her skin triggered my orgasm. I couldn’t stop it; I couldn’t control it. I was hammering her cunt, forcing a flood of fluids deep into Claire. She felt me lose what little control I had and rocked harder with me, letting me fill her with cum.

We fell apart, side by side, neither of us saying anything, just trying to catch our breath. The girl on the video was crying "Fuck me, fuck me faster, harder!!" so I turned over and switched it off. Claire twisted her head to me and smiled, "That’s what we just did."

"What’s that?"

"We just fucked fast and hard." She rolled over and crawled over my body then laid full length on me. She reached between us and dipped her fingers into the goo leaking from her cunt, pulled her hand out, and studied the mess carefully, "I guess I should have told you not to do that.”

“Finish inside, I want to have sex, not a baby.”

I panicked!  “You’re gonna get pregnant!?”

My sister smiled, “You're a boy, does it matter to you if I do?”

“Yesss!” I hissed; my heart was thudding with fear for my sister.

She wiped the cum from her fingers on my chest the assured me, “I don’t think that can happen right now, I’m supposed to start my period in two days.  Sandy says that’s a safe time to screw all the way.”

Slightly relieved I asked, “Then why would you want me to pull out?”

“Because if we do this a lot you can’t think you can cum inside me every time.”

“We are going to do this a lot?”

Claire looked into my eyes, moving seductively against me, and replied, "Didn’t you like it?"

I put my hands on her ass and pulled her closer, pushed my still hard cock between her legs again, and said, "I didn’t know we could do this. That was the greatest thing I ever felt."

She slapped my chest and said, "Let me up."

I watched her when she got off the bed to clean up. I still couldn’t completely believe I had just had my cock inside her and stuff she was wiping off the inside of her thighs with my t-shirt was mine. She dropped the shirt then left my room.  I thought she was done with me but about a minute later she came back carrying a bottle of water.  She turned off the light and dashed to the bed like a little girl scampering for cover in the dark. She climbed back onto the mattress and wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me squarely on the mouth, "Can you do it again?"

"You can’t stay here. Mom and dad will be home soon, you have to go back to your room."

She pushed away slightly and took a sip of water, she offered me the bottle while talking, "No I don’t. When they get home, they always sneak around so they won’t wake us up. When is the last time you remember them looking to see if we were in bed? If they wake one of us, they think they can’t have sex, so they act like we are in bed and sleeping. It don’t matter if we are sleeping or not, they want to think we are, so they don’t chance waking us before they screw, I hear them sometimes. But, just in case they do look, I just put some extra pillows and blankets in my bed, in the dark, it looks like I’m there. I can stay here and they won’t know."

She flopped to her stomach, wrapped her arms around a pillow then looked me up and down, "What are you doing here?" I asked, "Why aren't you in bed with some guy?"

"I am in bed with some guy."

"You know what I mean, you’re my sister. Why?"

Claire rolled to her back, giving me a full-frontal view of her nakedness. My cock was growing larger and harder. She put her fingers around it and stroked me lightly, “I’m not sure but I think it’s because you and me can do this and I won’t be a rumor in school.  I’m don’t want to open myself up for slutty gossip from girls and don’t want a bunch of guys hitting on me for sex.  I never ever thought I could do something with you, but Sandy changed my mind.”

“Yeah, she and I stole some wine from her mom and got drunk a couple of months ago. She got totally wasted then told me that Colin fucks her.”

“Colin, her brother?”

“She told me all about it, how they started, what they do and stuff like that.  The next day when she remembered what we were talking about she got all fucking worried I would blab to everybody but I told her I wouldn’t.  You are the only one I’ve told.”

“So now you think it’s okay to be in bed with me?”

Claire smiled, “Sandy is still alive and not all crippled and ugly from shame or sin, and seems to like what they do. After she got over the shock of revealing her secret to me, she started telling me how they do it, that she likes it, so I started thinking about us that way.” Her fingers on my cock were causing it to pulse with sexual tension. She squeezed me harder, "Haven’t you ever thought about doing this with me?"

"Well, yeah" I admitted, "but that’s like wrong or something. I’m your brother” I reminded her for the third time.

"It’s only wrong if one of us don’t want to. I didn’t exactly force you and I don’t know another boy that I want to fuck around with right now, you're close and available."

“Available?”

“Aren’t you?”

I sat up next to her, "You think you can stay here and mom and dad won’t know?"

Claire smiled, her clear blue eyes radiating delight, "All night," she smacked my arm and grinned at me, "but only if you want me to."

“We could watch my DVDs and do what they do, we could both learn a lot.”

“Or more online brothers and sisters.  But whatever, I promise, whatever a girl does for a guy, I’ll do the same thing for you, but you have to do everything he does too.”

“Blow jobs and butt sex?”

“Blow jobs and butt sex.”

“We'll have to spend a lot of nights screwing around if we do all that.”

Claire smiled; lights danced in her eyes, “If that's what it takes.”

I reached for her but she twisted away and laughed, her eyes twinkling. I lunged for her and tried to wrap her up in my arms but she squirmed out of my hold and tackled me. We wrestled on the bed for several minutes, laughing, touching, caressing, kissing, and teasing as the friction of our naked bodies heated our lust, my erection was in agony from the force of the blood pounding through it.

Claire’s body was glowing with heat; she was panting her desire when we finally relaxed back to the bed. I was fully aroused; my nuts were packed with another load for my hot little sister. I moved between her thighs and lay over her body. She lifted one leg and crossed it over my back, "Kiss me" she whispered. I put my lips on hers and probed her pussy with the end of my erection. Her tongue slipped into my mouth at the same time my cock slipped into her.

Claire gasped, sighing out a slow but faltering breath while I held mine, overwhelmed by the feeling of having every inch of my cock cradled and squeezed in her warmth. Claire started moving, rubbing her stomach against me. I was surprised at the strength of the sensations caused by her total acceptance of my erection.  My sister was getting more active, moving her hands to my sides and pulling on me as I moved. She moaned, light and breathy, but audibly.  I looked down, again awed that this was Claire and not some other enthralling girl. I knew her so well but it was so strange. This was not the scowling, sarcastic sister I knew and was used to, but it was still clearly Claire. Her eyes were closed, mouth slightly open with the hint of a smile. Her body unlike I ever seen it, her breasts sliding up and down as she rocked. As I looked at her face contorted with passion, the full impact of the truth finally crystallized, I was fucking my little sister.  That thought drove a spike of heat directly to my nuts and I damn near came again but paused to let the feeling recede.

She grabbed my waist with both hands, raised her knees to my side, then rolled her ass, urging me to start fucking her more. Trying to get better leverage, I lowered onto her, pressing my chest against her breasts then wrapped my arms around her back, pulling her closer while pounding her pussy with violent energy.  The loud slapping of our groins broke my reverie and I reminded myself again that fucking Claire should be wrong. I looked at her profile, at my sister's face that glowed prettily from the feeling of my erection in her, and the iniquity fled and I knew it would never return to haunt me.

Claire was lost in the moment. Travis’s grasp was so sure, his arms strong, their bodies meshed as they were designed to. His weight felt so good pressing down on her, his erection felt so right. As her passion grew, she knew that seducing her brother was right, the timing perfect.  She had no doubts, felt no guilt for offering him her body.  Her climax began as a sucking of air, a straining for oxygen as she stretched her head past his for breath, Travis kept thrusting into her, her body tensed then she held it taut, fighting against the cramps, the sensation of him in her overwhelming her completely. She was so immersed in her orgasm she was barely aware when her brother came in her again.

My sister was right about our parents.  We were resting after our second fuck when mom and dad came home. Claire rolled off the bed to the floor away from the door just in case, but nobody looked in on me or her.  After a couple of minutes, she slipped back to bed with me then we fucked two more times before she sneaked back to her room.

Claire and I started sleeping together whenever we knew we could get away with it.  We set up my laptop and watched porn videos then acted out what we watched.  Two weeks after we started fucking my sister got up enough courage to give me a blow job.  I got her seriously hot by licking and fucking her pussy with my mouth then talked her into sucking me off.  The first time, I sprayed her hair and face with cum but she got a taste when she licked the residue off her lips.  She sucked my cock a few more times but wouldn’t let me cum on her tongue. Then one night she got more adventurous, more daring.  We wrestled around until I ended up sitting on her stomach, her tits were cushioning my balls. I lifted slightly then put the bulb of my cock against her lips and pressed against her teeth.  Claire’s eyes crinkled with fun and she parted her lips, letting me slip the end of my erection over her tongue.  She reached under me and cupped my balls in one hand and wrapped her fingers around the shaft of my cock with the other.  I started slow fucking my sister’s mouth as she squeezed my nuts. The feeling was incredible.  Her pussy was hot and soft and I enjoyed screwing her immensely, but this was so much hotter.  The longer I fucked her face the more she looked like she enjoyed me.

I reached one hand behind me and put it between her legs then ran my long middle finger over her clit and into her body.  Claire jumped at the sensual intrusion and tilted her head a little more, giving me more mouth to fuck.  I could feel her hand on my butt pulling on me, I slipped my cock deeper until my balls were touching her chin.  Claire gagged and pushed me out. When she could breathe again, she said “Do it slower so I won’t gag.”

“What if I cum?”

“Why do you think we are doing this? The porn guy just fucked his sister’s mouth, now you get the same thing.”  She kissed the head of my erection then guided me back between her lips.  I slid over her teeth and into her throat again.  Claire tilted her head and I could feel her throat muscles working on the end of the shaft as she tried to keep from choking.  I started stroking slowly, pulling out far enough that she could catch a quick breath then plunged back between her lips.  I felt her throat relaxing, allowing me to move my cock even more.  Claire put her hands on my hips to help me hump her face.  She expected me to cum so I didn’t try to hold back, my balls signaled the end, my cock filled and I groaned to my sister, “I’m losing it!”  She closed her eyes and gripped my body just as the end of my dick blew the first shot of hot cum into her throat.  She retched once then pushed me halfway out and settled down as I pulsed more hot salty fluid between her lips.  Claire swallowed four times rapidly as I pumped my nuts dry.

As soon as she caught her breath, she pushed me off and to my back. She dry retched a couple of times then began to smile, “Okay, now we know how that feels.”   Claire climbed over me and put her pussy directly over my face, her knees on each side of my head.  I attacked her body slit with my mouth while she held on to the headboard of the bed and rocked.  She was moaning and shivering as I licked her cunt.  It took less than a minute of my mouth on her to send her into a body wrenching climax.  She bucked her hips, I sucked on her crack as fuck fluids seeped from her.

We lay side by side, naked and sated.  I propped up on an elbow and looked down at Claire, “Don't you get worried about having a baby? I mean, we've been fucking like crazy for three months now and we aren't always being careful.”

My sister colored red, “I haven’t told you yet, but after my last period, I told mom I was having sex with Harold Fritz.  She got all bent out of shape and yelled at me but then told me I should get the pill or something because once somebody starts having sex, they won't stop. She took me to Planned Parenthood and now I have some little thingy inside me that keeps me safe from thoughtless bastards like you.”

Her revelation caused my cock to regain its full glory almost instantly.  Claire was caressing my chest with fingers while I ran my hands along her smooth warm legs, “So, when do you think you will fuck somebody else?” I quizzed.

Her body jerked when I pressed my middle finger on her crack, feeling for the tender, sensitive clit hidden there, “I don't know,” she sighed heatedly, “I'm still having a lot of fun with you, but maybe soon because we have a plan” she hinted as she bumped her hips to drive home the point, my finger slid along her swollen pussy.

Moved away from me to push me to my back; Claire got to her knees over my lap then held my hard-on against the lips of her cunt. She started rolling her hips, I watched her pussy lips rubbing on my cock as I asked “Who is we, who has a plan, what plan?”

“Remember I told you Sandy screws her brother? Well, I got her to talk more about it, then I told her what we do. Now I'm supposed to ask you if you want to party with them somewhere.  Brothers and sisters, we could have a lot of fun.”  Claire lifted up and held my prick so she could sit on it, “I want you to watch me fuck him while you do her, then we want you guys to both fuck us at the same time, you know, two guys, one girl.  She and me are ready for that.”

“What about you and her, while we jack off on your tits?”

Claire smiled sensually, “Maybe.”  As visions of an incestuous bi-sex foursome danced in my head my balls donated another injection of semen to my sister.