This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions
of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If
you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is
illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if
you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this
site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said
that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at
least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not
offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are
fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities
is purely coincidental.
=======================================================

For a few months now I sulked around the house, until finally one
evening my wife Jill confronted me head on.  She was concerned
about me, and pushed for an answer.  I kept putting her off, and
finally we had a big fight over my not talking and that brought
it all to the forefront.

So what's the problem, asked Jill.  Nothing really, I said still
trying to avoid things.  Out with it, demanded Jill, or you can
sleep elsewhere until you talk to me.

I'm just concerned that we haven't lived, I said.  What do you
mean, asked Jill?  We've missed out on so many things, I said. 
Like, pushed Jill.  Oh never mind, I answered.  Out with it
mister, said Jill.

Okay okay, I said.  I want to have more excitement and spice and
variety in the bedroom.  Are you telling me... Jills voice
trailed off.   No no, I said, I love you and your terrific, but
there are more things to see and do.

Such as, Jill said in a stern voice.  Well to be perfectly
honest, I said.  You'd better be, said Jill.  I'd like to find
another couple.   WHAT, screamed Jill, I don't believe you....how
could you...and she stormed from the room.

I sat in silence listening.  Suddenly the door opened and Jill
walked back into the room.  Tell you what, she said.  I'll give
you 30 days to find a couple and I'll do whatever you want
provided that they are both a minimum of 15 years younger than I
am and married to each other. With that she stormed from the
room.

Jill and I had been married for 23 years now and one child was
out living on their own and the other was still in college.  Over
the years we've, like most, have had our good and bad days as
well as ups and down in the cycle of life.  I've lost some hair
and filled out, though not sloppy fat and Jill remains about the
same as when we married, except for delivering two children and
becoming more mature and appealing with a little wider hips and
certainly fuller boobs, now double d's.

I also know Jill well enough to not argue with her, and certainly
not now that she's made her declaration and listed her
conditions.  So I immediately took the silent treatment time and
put it to good use trying to find another couple.

Joining several adult sites, I listed some brief information
about Jill and myself and waited.  It didn't take too long before
I received some messages from seemingly different folks.  It also
didn't take anytime to discard the vast majority as well. 
Finally one message came in that caught my eye.

It read that they were both 30 years old, college educated,
married for 7 years and had 1 child.  They went into a lot of
detail about their marriage and themselves.  Finally he said that
he'd very much like to meet and speak with me to see if we could
work things out and continue and included his cell phone number
for me to call him.

I wrote back and reminded him that we were older than the both of
them and he replied that is exactly what they are hoping for.  So
I wrote down his phone number, put it into my wallet and promised
myself to call him.

The following day I stopped at an automobile dealership and
drifted into their customer waiting area.  There was a courtesy
phone in a private area, which I picked up and called the number.

A very pleasant voice greeted me and I introduced myself over the
phone as the person of such and such group whom you exchanged
messages with.  After a second of silence, he thanked me for
calling and we talking for about 10 minutes.   He then invited me
to meet him for lunch, and I learned that he worked about 4
blocks from where I did, though we lived on opposite ends of the
city.

Lunch brought a very nice looking young man and we chatted about
any number of things including him showing me a photo of his wife
who was quite lovely.  I in turn shared a photo of Jill with him
and we both agreed that the wives were both quite beautiful.

Chris told me that even as a young teen he was always attracted
to older ladies, and while Mary wasn't the older woman, he still
did have his fantasies.  After that meeting both he and I talked
on the phone, messaged one another over the internet until we
felt that all was agreed on except for the initial meeting date.

I suggested my house as there wasn't a small child there, we had
good privacy and it wouldn't cost anything such as renting a
hotel room.  Chris said that would be great and we agreed on it
then and there.

After all was arranged I sat Jill, now speaking to me, down and
informed her.  Shock, surprise, amazement all wrapped into one
was her reaction.  A deals a deal, I reminded her.  It is, she
said, but remember we're both in the same room.  I know, I said,
and the way things will happen, if we want it to go that far, be
assure all that we'll be in the same room.

Jill shrugged her shoulders and continued, so what are we doing,
serving dinner, and also what am I suppose to wear, or nothing at
all, she asked?

Relax, I said, Chris and I are having the dinner catered, so you
won't have to cook.  Also the caters will come back the following
afternoon and clean up.   Also Chris and I decided that both you
and Mary would each wear a skirt and blouse.  Nothing more,
gasped Jill.  No silly, I said, a sexy bra, panties, a garter
belt, stockings and heels.   Anything else, asked Jill.  No
that's it, I said.  Just remember we're in this to have fun, I
said.

The week seemed to drag on forever.  Chris and I spoke and
reconfirmed our date and time.  Then Saturday arrived.  Jill
threw me out of the bedroom so she could ready herself and I
oversaw the set up of the dining room and food from the catering
in the kitchen.

Finally I was alone in the den waiting for the clock to advance
to the appointed hour.  About 5 min of Jill came in and twirled
around asking if she looked okay.  Her hair and makeup were done
to perfection.  She wore a form fitting blouse that accented her
breasts and a flared skirt, which swayed gently, as she walked. 
Telling her how beautiful she looked, she asked me if I was
certain about this.

Yes, I said.  I very much want to break the mold or the habit and
go down new paths.  What about you, I asked.  You looking forward
to the prospect?   Yes, Jill said, I think so, though I guess a
lot will depend on who these people are.

That's what dinner for, I said, to find out and set aside any
lingering doubts.  Okay, I agree, said Jill.   Just then the
doorbell rang and we both moved to open the door to our guests.

Chris, I said, welcome.  This is Jill, I said.  And this is my
wife Mary, said Chris.  We all said our hello's to one another
and they came in.  As I closed the door Mary told Jill that she
had a lovely home, for which Jill thanked her.

We then moved to the den and began chatting with some wineglasses
in our hands.  After a little while of talk about the house,
children and work Jill suggested that we move to the dining room
for dinner.

During dinner the topic focused more on the evening than drifting
and going no where.  Jill began it when she asked both Chris and
Mary if they had ever experienced what was being considered here.
 Chris said that they hadn't had the experience as yet, but that
they were both very willing and hoping for the best.

But, and forgive me here, said Jill, both of us are at this time
in life, obviously older than you, so I'm trying to find out. 
Mary said, Jill believe it or not, both Chris and I will be
learning from you and Jack even as we are this second by joining
you for dinner.

We finished eating and I suggested that we adjourn once more to
the den where we could relax.  Mary asked to freshen up for a
minute and stepped into the guest power room.   With Chris in the
lead I leaned towards Jill and asked, okay with everything?  She
shook her head yes and smiled at me.

As we were seated Mary came back into the room and took a seat
next to Chris.  We talked about nothing for a few minutes and
then Chris asked if everyone wanted to maybe move forward.  Mary
said it was fine with her and looked to Jill who also said it was
okay.

I then told Mary to exchange seats with me.  As I sat down Chris
said that he and I had a few lunches and conversations about how
to proceed from this point.  So now lets proceed, he said.

I then said, both Chris and I really were at a loss as to how to
proceed, so after much discussion we sort of came up with an
idea.  That is, I continued, were all going to stay here together
and.  And, chimed in Chris, we want you to each entertain us.

Oh no, said Mary, but before she could continue Chris said, how
it will work is that we, Jack and I, will take turns asking
questions of or instructing either one of you to do something. 
And, I said, you each must agree to participate, so do we have
your promise?

Mary and Jill looked at one another, then each said they agreed.


I then suggested that since Chris was the guest in the house,
that he begin.  With that, he asked Jill if she'd stand up so he
could get a good look at her.

Jill stood, faced us and put her hands on her hips.  Hold on a
minute, I said.  I think that both Mary and Jill should walk
around some, so Hon, why don't you walk to the other side of the
room, turn and walk back, I said and adding, and be sexy about
it.

Jill dropped her hands, turned and walked to the end of the room
swaying her hips then turned and walked back crossing her feet in
front of each other as you see fashion models do.  This action
caused her tits to bounce beneath her top as well as added sway
to her hips.  This okay, she asked?  Great, said Chris, you're a
very pretty lady.

I then suggested that Mary do the same, so she too got up and
walked to the opposite side, turned and returned to stand next to
Jill in front of us.

With the two of them standing side by side it was easy to
distinguish the differences between them.  Mary was about 2"
taller and her figure was slimmer.  Both wore form fitted
blouses, which nicely outlined their boobs, but again Jill was
the more mature and full figured when compared to Mary.

Looking at both women, they each had a very distinct waist and
while certainly different, were probably about the same
proportional size in all departments.

Mary asked, done looking or do you want to see more.  See more, I
said adding, Jill, pull your skirt up so we can see your legs.


What, said Jill, glaring at me.  Oh come on, said Mary, let Chris
see your legs, and then Jack can see mine.  Better yet, I said,
why don't you both take off your skirts.  Yes, said Chris, lets
turn this into some good entertainment, shall we?

Mary looked at Jill and shrugged her shoulders.  Jill then asked,
so are we to perform a striptease, is that what you want?  That
would be nice, I said, what do you think I asked, turning to
Chris.

Mary said, okay by me, if Jill is willing.  Chris said, well then
it's settled, but remember both Jack and I reserve the right to
interject with instructions and requests.   Also, lets not rush
this, he added, so lets keep it to one at a time, shall we?

I guess, said Mary...so how do we get started?  Before Chris
could say anything, I said, Mary I want you to take off your
blouse and as you do so tell about what you are doing and what we
are seeing.  Okay, she said, looking to Jill for confirmation.

She then began, okay, I'm wearing a fitted blouse which comes
from Saks and as you can see buttons up the front.  Now I'm going
to begin by unbuttoning the blouse starting here at the top, she
said.  There now, she continued, you can see my bra, hope you
like it.  Now, I'm pulling the blouse from my skirt and will open
it so you can see my bra and my tummy.  Disappointed, she asked?

No, to the contrary, I said, you're very attractive.  Now take
off your blouse and then walk around some, I continued.  Mary
peeled her blouse off and draped it over a shoulder and walked
around the room, finally tossing her blouse onto an empty chair
on the other side, then returned to stand in front of us.

Chris then said, Jill I'd like you to do the same thing.

Well, I'm not really accustomed to doing this, but I'll try, she
began.  As you can see I wearing a print blouse and while not
exactly form fitting you can certainly see my boobs or their
shape anyway.  I'm now pulling the blouse free of my skirt and
will unbutton it from the bottom.  Chris, she said, I hope you
won't be disappointed, but as you can see my tummy's not as firm
as Jill's is.  Then with two buttons left, Jill said, I'm now
going to undo the top button, and you can see some of my cleavage
and my bra.  As I'm now undoing the last button, you can see more
of my bra, she said.

Now take the blouse off and walk around, said Chris.  Jill
slipped out of the blouse without a word and then walked back and
forth in front of us finally putting the blouse over another
chair on the side of the room before returning to stand in front
of Chris and myself.

Chris leaned over to me and said, I want to continue, you okay
with it?  Don't know why not, I said, I'd like to see more of
Mary, so you okay?  Yea he said staring at Jills large tits, then
added, Jill take off your skirt.

Jill, paused a moment, then reached to her side and unzipped the
zipper and unfastened the waistband.  Then looking straight
ahead, slipped the skirt over her hips and let it fall to the
floor where she stepped out of it.

Nice legs said Chris, then added, bet they feel good too.  Mary
asked, do you want me to feel her legs and Chris replied, if you
want to and tell me about it.  Mary slipped her hand down and
started to feel Jill's legs.

I'm feeling Jill's legs now, she said.  They are so smooth and
her thighs are tight and firm too.

Jill stood wide-eyed looking at me as I too watched Mary run her
hand up and down her legs.  I tried to signal Jill that a promise
was a promise, and I'm sure she received the message as she
didn't bolt, scream or object to Mary touching her.

I then said, it seems that we've gotten off track a little bit,
so lets get back on track, okay?  Then I continued say, Jill I
want you to take off Mary's bra and then Mary I want you to walk
about as before and show me your tits.

Then Chris added, I think it's important that Jill tell us what
she's doing and then Mary tell what we're looking at and back and
forth this way.  What do you think, he asked me?  Sounds like a
plan, I said.  Ladies, did you hear Chris, I asked?  Both replied
yes.  Then lets get started, I said, Mary you turn around and
Jill tell us what youre doing.

Mary turn her back to us and Jill began, I'm starting to unhook
Mary's bra now and now I'm sliding the straps from her shoulders,
down her arms and now I've her bra in my hand.

Okay honey, said Chris, turn around for show and tell. Mary
raised her hands and covered herself, then turned around and
began.  Jack, I'm covering myself, only because I don't want to
disappoint you when you look at my tits, she said.  Why would you
think I'd be disappointed, I asked?

Well I'm not as big as Jill seems to be, she said, and I know
that you're use to big tits and now Chris certainly seems to be
liking them as well.  Show me, I said.  Mary slowly lower her
hands then dropped them to her side rubbing her palms against the
skirt.

You've beautiful tits, I said, now walk around for me, so I can
see how they giggle.  Mary began to walk about saying how she
felt uncomfortable being topless in her skirt.  But you look so
sexy, I said adding, kind of makes me wonder what's under your
skirt.  Mary stopped in front of me, and I then told her to lean
forward.  Come on, I said, I want to see how nice and full your
tits are, then patted my knees and said put your hands here.

Mary, looked at me and then bent forward placing a hand on each
of my knees.  I spread my legs a bit moving her arms apart and
was treated to the sight of her tits hanging directly beneath her
and her nipples pointing downward.  Thank you, I said, you've
lovely tits, now take off your skirt.

Mary stood up and undid her skirt and slipped out of it revealing
a pair of black bikini panties.

Chris then said, Mary undo Jill's bra so I can see her tits.
Jills bra hooked in front, so since Jill wasn't told to turn
around, she was left facing us and Mary as she fumbled to unhook
the bra.  Unhooked, Jills tits spilled out as Mary was pushed up
against her pulling the straps from her shoulders and down her
arms.

Damn said Chris those are nice tits.  Mary, he said, lift one of
your tits up.  Mary moved to comply, and then Chris said, okay,
now with your other hand lift one of Jills tits so we can really
see the difference.

Jill was wide eyed as she felt Mary's hand on her breast and then
being gently fondled.  I didn't think Mary was bi, so I asked her
if she was.  No, she said, she'd never been with another woman. 
Do you like how Jill's tits feel, I asked.  Yes, admitted Mary,
it feels wonderful.

Jill, I said, feel Mary's tits and Mary, I continued, why don't
you try Jill's nipples too.  Both faced each other and slowly
began fondling each others tits.

I leaned over to Chris and suggested we help the girls out of
their panties.  He agreed, so we both moved behind our spouses
and at the same time, pulled their panties down their legs
allowing both of us a first look at the other wife's pussy.

I could see Mary's slit was totally shaved and Chris I'm sure
noticed that Jill was trimmed with a little landing strip over
her clit.  Like Mary's pussy, asked Chris.  Yes, I said, and can
you see Jill okay, I asked?  Yea, said Chris, but would be nice
to see more.

Give them a few minutes I said, as I moved my hand between Jill's
legs and cupped her pussy starting to rub her with my fingers. 
Chris saw what I was doing and immediately followed doing the
same with Mary.

What with playing with each others tits and our rubbing and
fingering their pussies, it wasn't long before the knees started
to weaken and each were lying on the carpet.

I pushed Jill's legs apart and started to lick the inside of her
thighs moving towards her love box, but stopping sort of the
goal.  Jill moaned and seconds later I could hear the moan
escaping Mary's lips a few feet away from me.

I moved my mouth to Jill's belly and upward sucking each nipple
into my mouth and nibbling on each as Jill moved beneath me
trying to unfasten my belt and pants.

Kissing her, driving my tongue into her mouth, as she yanked on
my cock, I stopped and said, Chris, you and Mary come and look at
Jill's pussy.
Clamping my mouth over Jill before she could say anything I
returned to kissing her as I eyed Chris moving between her legs
and pushing them open.

Jill broke free from my kiss, saying no no, please don't, but it
was too late as Chris clamped his mouth over her and began to
drive his tongue into her wide-open slit.

Jill screamed with delight as she drove her hips upward and
squeezed my cock even harder, but in a minute as she was about to
cum, Chris pulled away leaving Jill to moan and beg for
attention.

Pulling on Mary's arm, Chris moved her next to him between Jill's
open legs and then guided her hand to Jill's pussy.  Mary's
initial reluctance was soon gone as she traced her fingernail
over Jill's labia and parted her lips for a better look, then
under Chris's urging, she began to lick and nibble on Jill's
clit.

Jill screamed out with joy begging to be fucked as she thrust
upward towards Mary's mouth while continuing to tug on my cock
finally pulling it from my pants.

Turning her head she began to lick and suck on my cock and I
reached down and pulled on Mary's hair guiding her up to my cock.
 As Mary left Jills pussy, Chris pulled her legs up and apart
positioning himself at her open hole.

As he put his cock at Jill's entranceway, Jill and Mary merged
their mouths in kisses as well as licking and sucking on my cock.
 Jill suddenly opened her eyes wide realizing that Chris was
sliding inside her and starting to fuck her.

I pulled Mary up and had her position herself on her knees over
Jill's face.

Jill, I said, now make Mary feel good like she made you feel
good.  No, I can't she whispered, please don't make me, she
whined, then suddenly jumped some as Chris thrust deep inside her
pussy.

Mary then lowered herself over Jill's face forcing Jill to begin
tasting her pussy.  I then stood in front of the kneeling Mary
and offer her my cock, which she quickly wrapped her mouth around
my cock.

Mary meanwhile reached behind her and located one of Jill's
nipples which she began pinching and pulling on as she continued
to pull me closer with the other and swallowing my cock.

Soon we were all cumming into and onto one another.  As Chris
pulled his cock from Jill's pussy he move up to her and told her
to lick him clean.  With her tongue licking him off, Chris told
Mary that she might want to lick Jill's pussy clean.

Mary wasn't too sure how to proceed, so she began by fingering
Jill's pussy then extracting some of Chris's cum and licking it
off, then finally lowered her face to Jill's pussy and began
using her tongue to lick and suck her clean.

Jill was exhausted now, having cum many times, where the younger
Chris and Jill were not yet fully worn out.  Mary crawled over to
me and put her head in my lap and began slowly licking my cock as
I played with her tits.

Mary's tits aren't as big as Jill's said Chris.  Yes, so I
notice, I replied, while I pinched and pulling on her nipple,
then asked Chris you ever fuck Mary's ass?

No, he said, and also at the same time, Mary looked up at me
shaking her head and saying, no, no way.  Chris then asked, what
about Jill, she have a virgin hole?

No, I said, been there, done that.  Really, said Chris, I'd sure
like a sample of that, as he moved closer to Jill and began
rubbing her ass while she looked over at me.

Chris, I said, think I need to ask you to hold off please.  Why,
he asked.  Well, honestly, I replied, think that Jill has given
herself to you and Mary.  And, Chris questioned.  And, I said, so
far, while Mary is delightful, and certainly a great cock
sucker......well she's not allowing me access to her ass, and I'm
certainly not going to force her or anyone for that manner.

I understand, said Chris, but what would it take, he pushed to
ask as he continued to rub Jill's ass trying to slip his finger
into her as Jill looked towards me again, and moaned under her
breath.

Sorry Chris, I said, afraid I can't allow it, so what do you say
we just move on, okay?  Mary had moved to all fours now and was
busy sucking my cock as we spoke as I suddenly emptied my load
into her mouth and gave up for the evening.

Mary licked her lips and caught some cum with her fingers which
she licked off.  Damn it Mary, said Chris, as he reached for his
cloth.  Mary reached for her bra and Chris turned to Jill and
asked, Jill, will you please let me see your pussy while I dress?

Jill said, sure, why not and positioned herself to fully expose
herself as Chris and Mary continued to dress themselves.  Fully
dressed, Chris moved to Jill and quickly kissed each of her
nipples, then covered her pussy with his mouth and nibbling her
clit, all of which caused her to jump and squeal with delight.

Not to be outdone, I moved to Mary, now fully dressed and told
her to lift her skirt.  As she did so, I pulled her panties to
the side and reached between her legs pulling her towards my
waiting mouth, then buried myself in her cunt.

Finished now, Mary and Chris moved to the door and said their
good-byes as they left Jill and I.

Have fun, I asked.  Yes, said Jill, you?  Yes, I said, though
that girl wore me out, I have to admit.  Jill laughed as she
grabbed my cock and pulled me towards the bedroom saying, we'll
see about that.

=================================================================
=====

A week later Chris called me at the office.  He informed me that
he and Mary had one hell of a fight over her refusal of anal sex.
 She had apparently cried her eyes out about things to her
Mother, who had in turn called Chris.

Allison, Mary's Mother who is 56, told Chris that she understood
his situation.  She didn't think it right that she solve his
problem directly, but would love to join him on another visit to
Jill and I and she would welcome the opportunity.

What do you think, asked Chris?  Don't know, I said.  I'll talk
to Jill and get back to you.

=========we'll continue this with a story named Chris=======
