The winter months came and went uneventfully--relative to the months prior--for the prince and his manservant. Some days, Arthur invited Merlin for horse rides or strolls to the kingdom’s outlying villages to check how the people were faring through the season. When it was just the pair of them, they sometimes shared kisses of varying degrees of affection and desperation--tender and warm and punctuated with laughter the night Merlin burrowed into the sleeping pack with Arthur as they camped in the forest; hot, lazy, slick against the shed of the widow whose roof they’d patched; deep and frantic while shivering against each other as they lay in the snow accumulating in a hidden, abandoned pasture.

They’d also picked up their existing war of sexual wills--the both of them waiting for opportunities to brush hands, groins, lips against any available body part and somehow making the teases discreet, save for hitched breaths and frustrated groans and consuming blushes. And, even when they weren’t touching each other with mouths or hands or otherwise, their banter became provocative, laced heavily with goading challenges and filthy promises--‘bite your tongue or I will’ or ‘don’t use the cold as an excuse’ or ‘who’s ordering whom around?’ and ‘where the hell did you learn to do that?’ and ‘of course, girth matters as much as length.’

When they remained in Camelot, Merlin would sneak into Arthur’s chambers on some nights and crawl into the bed. Uncharacteristically--for the disobedient, sadistic git--Merlin only ever slept. But the prince would wake the next morning with an unexplained erection before realizing Merlin was curled tightly around him: chest to back, nose to nape, arms round his chest, and a tangle of legs and linens. Those mornings signaled good days for the prince, who, after coaxing a slumber-mumbling Merlin to consciousness, would be greeted with a gravelly chuckle of ‘G’morn--thur’ and treated to a languid snog-and-frot session.

Long gone were the days of pretending they’d only accidentally toed the invisible line drawn between them, caught in the moment or spurned by curiosity or uninhibited because of an excess of alcohol. This line between Arthur and Merlin, royal prat and cheeky servant, was neither fading nor fraying, but twisting around them thick, palpable, uncontrollable. Now they constantly relished in the perks of their warped but enthralling master-servant bond, sometimes cautiously, sometimes not. Unfortunately for Arthur, these times of not occurred very nearly always in public places, when Merlin did something utterly not erotic yet still drew a reaction from the prince, who could not for sanity’s sake control his Merlin-centered hedonism:

Dragging his mouth across Merlin’s shoulder when he leant between Arthur and Morgana to pour each of them warm cider, Arthur hoping the rest of Merlin’s body had blocked the movement, but when Merlin stood shakily, Morgana’s piercing gaze darted from one boy to the other before she snorted a mocking ‘Figures;’ snaking his hands around Merlin's waist to help his manservant mount his horse, momentarily forgetting the dozen knights (all of them either averting their eyes or staring with a wide range of interest) awaiting his orders as they were to ride out to deal with a group of looting bandits; palming either side of Merlin’s flushed face to gently dust the snow from Merlin’s eyelashes with both thumbs, Merlin having just rushed back to Gaius’ rooms where Arthur had (for the most part) waited patiently for him with only the cocked-eyebrowed physician for company.

As Arthur should’ve foreseen, Merlin picked up on the prince’s newly developed weakness for him and assigned himself the duty of aggravating the situation. Merlin’s provocation--in the form of grabby hands and barely-innuendos and feigned deadpan reactions to Arthur’s own advances--reached fever pitch by the season’s end, when Albion’s snow was gradually turning to stale, dirty slush as springtime nudged winter aside, and Camelot was reluctantly stirring from its frozen lull. Though halting and drowsy, the arrival of spring marked the revival of territorial feuds, most notably those with Cendred. After multiple reports of Cendred’s men perusing Uther’s lands, the King called upon Arthur to discuss tactics.

Unfortunately for Arthur, he made the mistake of bringing Merlin with him to the Great Hall. While Uther rattled off insults against Cendred’s character and numbers of knights Arthur could afford to keep constant patrol of the blurred boundary between the kingdoms, Arthur could only supply the King with noncommittal answers like ‘the men are capable’ and ‘the borders will be maintained’ and ‘yes, Father, yes, My Lord, yes, Sire,’ as Arthur was too distracted by Merlin--standing intimately, offensively, tantalizingly close at Arthur’s shoulder--who kept a steady, murmured stream of: ‘that’ll be nice, since you haven’t had time to put your sword to real use lately’ and ‘we both know you’re an expert at handling unruly men’ and ‘countless hours of riding your horse will take a toll on your arse’ and ‘I can name a few of your royal territories worth invading, Your Highness.’

After another minute of the one-sided conversation, Uther excused himself to oversee a hanging or burning or other routine execution, Merlin bowing unnecessarily low--though, Arthur guessed correctly, more for him than for the King, when Merlin wiggled his hips. The King's cloak had only just disappeared through the doorway with a flourish when Arthur fisted a hand in the back of Merlin’s tunic and hauled him bodily to the far end of the Hall. Arthur dragged his licentious servant--said servant becoming contritely mute--in this way before forcing Merlin against the High Table.

As much as he’d liked to memorize Merlin’s ridiculous yet endearing expression of surprise, Arthur prioritized the thwarting of any potential protests with a greedy mouth on Merlin’s, confining Merlin with his arms, hands gripping the edge of the table on either side of Merlin's hips, none-too-gently pressing his thigh to Merlin’s groin. Still, Arthur felt Merlin smirk into their loud-frantic-molten war of tongues and teeth, felt Merlin’s bony frame heave against him in laughter, felt Merlin link a long, willowy leg around Arthur's and rock down on his thigh to confirm his arousal. An indefinite amount of moaning and rutting later, Arthur pulled away panting.

“Honestly, Merlin, the filth that comes out of your mouth, I should put you in the stocks,” he growled.

Merlin leaned forward to nip the juncture of jaw and throat and whispered, hot and wet on Arthur’s flushed skin, “It wouldn‘t be very noble of you to take advantage of a restrained man, Sire.”

Arthur only gave a shout of laughter, angling his face in offering.

“And anyway,” Merlin continued, tonguing Arthur’s staccato pulse as it tattooed its way from the inside out, “the filth that comes in my mouth is of greater importance, I should think.”

With a groan, Arthur arched away as far as Merlin's leg permitted, staring with eyes dazed and dilated at the terribly, delightfully addictive sight of his manservant--blue eyes darkened with come hither clarity, mouth parted in invitation, throat tensing with shallow, arrhythmic breaths. 

“Cheeky bastard,” he huffed, stroking Merlin’s already-swollen bottom lip with a forefinger. “And my father a metre away. I really ought to teach you a lesson.”

Merlin caught the roving fingertip between his teeth and mumbled around it, taunting without any real derision, “What could a royally spoiled prat like you possibly teach me?”

Arthur spared him a light-hearted ‘Impudence’ before recapturing Merlin’s lips in a softer, slower kiss, licking into each other’s mouths with sliding-tasting-swirling tongues, breathing hushed groans and wavering sighs taking precedence over breathing oxygen. Merlin’s nimble fingers skated up Arthur’s torso, seeking their familiar home in Arthur’s hair, pausing only at the broad shoulders to ease off Arthur’s jacket; Arthur’s hands left the woodwork to trace the long lines of Merlin’s body, drifting along Merlin’s arms, down Merlin’s sides, coming to rest on the jut of Merlin’s hips.

Merlin wrapped his leg higher around Arthur’s thigh, snaked both arms tighter around Arthur’s neck, giving Arthur the impression that his manservant was trying to crush their bodies into one. Several months ago, Arthur would have maybe--undeniably--found the idea immeasurably absurd; now, with his senses swathed in Merlin--his scent sweet and woodsy, tasting of honeyed bread and the roasted rabbit he’d openly snuck from Arthur’s plate earlier, his moans thrumming in Arthur’s mouth so he felt them as well as heard--Arthur could only despair at not thinking of it himself sooner.

Needing far more mental effort than physical, Arthur took Merlin by the wrists, unlocking them from the back of his skull, and maneuvered out of the cage of Merlin’s arms. The pout on his manservant’s mouth drew an affectionate chuckle from the prince. Peppering airy, close-lipped kisses from one of Merlin’s temples--on each eyelid--across the furrowed brow--to the other, Arthur guided Merlin’s tunic up his body, his hands, sure and warm, leaving goosepimples in their wake. Arthur carefully eased the garment over Merlin’s head (briefly musing over the stubbornness of the neckerchief to keep its position around the milky column of Merlin’s neck) and, when the tunic was gathered at the small of Merlin’s back, Arthur quickly and efficiently knotted the fabric with Merlin’s arms still contained in the sleeves, effectively restraining him.

As Merlin’s realization grew, so did the size of his eyes, the flush down his throat and, most perceptibly, the need in his breeches. But, never one to disappoint, Merlin struggled half-arsedly at the makeshift bonds, grumbling,

“How is this any better than putting me in the stocks?”

For the moment, Arthur ignored him, mindlessly dragging a fingernail across Merlin’s chest, watching the webs of thin, pink lines blossom on the taut, pale skin, feeling the muscles quiver deliciously beneath his touch. When he was finally satisfied with the starkly contrasting crisscrosses on Merlin’s abdomen, Arthur grinned smugly at him.

“I know you have a penchant for uttering lewd things in public, Merlin,” he drawled, “but I’m sure you’d prefer to not be displayed this way in the town.”

Merlin scoffed. “Oh, I see, you’re doing me a kindness here, yeah?”

In answer, Arthur roughly shoved at Merlin’s breeches, Merlin swearing loudly when they snagged on his erection. Arthur followed them down, lowering himself to his knees as the breeches pooled round Merlin’s ankles, and rubbed a cheek to a bony hip, smirking up at Merlin.

“My apologies, I forgot you lack my warrior instincts.”

Merlin gave a stuttered laugh as Arthur pressed a hot, open mouth to the protrusion of his hip, alternating between sucking and biting the skin there, before moving his mouth to the neighboring patch of unmarked skin. Merlin squirmed and jerked his hips forward to no avail, Arthur’s hands wrapped securely around the back of each of his thighs.

“No need to be a martyr, Merlin,” he chided, pausing to gauge his work and his wriggling manservant, glimpsing Merlin’s prick twitch expectantly. “What were your magic words? ‘Yes, Arthur, you god, get on with it’?”

Merlin glared down at Arthur for one long moment before gritting out, “Yes, Arthur, you bloody sadistic prat, get your pretty mouth on my cock now or I’ll strangle you in your sleep.”

One second, Arthur was laughing around the word ‘Treason;’ the next, he was sliding the flat of his tongue along the underside of Merlin’s cock from root to tip, wrapping his lips firmly around the engorged head, tonguing the precome-leaking slit, taking as much of the considerable length before experiencing the foreign feeling of swallowing something that’s not meant to be swallowed. Arthur bobbed his head experimentally, the muscle gliding smoothly on his tongue, as he found himself salivating hungrily from the deeper, more concentrated smell and taste of Merlin from his position. He’d be lying were he to say knew what he was doing--widening his jaws uncomfortably slack, dragging his lips back and forth along Merlin’s shaft, humming when the head bumped the back of his throat--when really he was only mimicking what Merlin did when he sucked Arthur’s cock. But, judging by Merlin’s gurgled moans seemingly floating down to him from a great distance away, he was doing something right.

Yet, it didn’t take long for Arthur to notice that no matter how much of Merlin he forced down his throat, there remained a disdainful amount of cock evading his mouth, mocking and pink and nearly-dry. Though still making the effort to devour Merlin’s prick with the pretense of skill, Arthur couldn’t help his straying thoughts: ‘is the cheeky git that much better at this than me?’ and ‘gods, I’ve already admitted to him he’s longer while I’m thicker’ and finally, as if by some divine act of grace, ‘what would Merlin do, the rarely--all right, sometimes--resourceful fool that he is?’

Suddenly inspired, Arthur pulled back and, when only the head was cradled in his mouth, wrapped one hand around the spit-slick shaft and began working Merlin’s cock, tight lips and tight fist in tandem. Arthur immediately sped up, his hand picking up the slack for his tired, slightly numb lips. And, as focused as he was on the task at hand (and in mouth), Arthur noted how loud their activity had become, what with the steady, obscene sloshing sound of suction and friction of skin on skin, and Merlin’s wild, wanton moans of ‘yes, Arthur’ and ‘fucking brilliant’ and ‘don’t you--dare--stop, you bloody--selfish--gorgeous--amazing--prat.’

The last of these somehow wrangled a laugh from the prince, the bone-deep vibrations of it catching Merlin off guard and robbing him of the chance or time or manners to alert Arthur that he was coming--and coming hard, his entire body bowed back and swept with heat, his face turned heavenward, his vision dancing with hallucinogenic colors. If Merlin’s abrupt change in condition wasn’t indicative enough, Arthur felt the pulsing of Merlin’s cock with each spurt of hot, viscous, bittersweet come, and though he gave a perfunctory roll of his eyes, Arthur would not be undone and so swallowed every drop.

When Merlin politely extracted his cock from its messy cage of Arthur’s hand and mouth to lean heavily against the High Table, Arthur growled a hardly-heated,

“Couldn’t give a man some warning, could you, Merlin?”

Merlin smiled drunkenly down at him.

“Now where’ve I heard that before?” he managed to pant. Then, after a few shaky breaths, “You’re incredible--brilliant.”

“Don’t forget gorgeous,” Arthur grunted, standing wearily and pawing at his groin, the action drawing Merlin’s gaze downward and back to his face.

“Could I have the honor of taking care of that,” Merlin quipped, gluttonously eyeing Arthur’s soaked, tented breeches.

And before Arthur could supply him with an answer--affirmative or not--Merlin shimmied the garment down Arthur’s hips.

“The fuck,” Arthur barked, peeking over Merlin’s shoulder to see the Merlin’s tunic-turned-restraint lying wrinkled and defeated on the table. “When the hell did you get your arms free?”

“On the third try,” Merlin answered evasively. “Now shut up, will you?”

Arthur’s comeback shriveled on his tongue when Merlin dropped to his knees and took Arthur’s dark-from-neglect cock in his mouth and his hand, pumping and stroking it the way Arthur had done his a minute ago. Arthur’s knees knocked together dubiously, the slick heat and pressure far too much, and far too soon, he was coming, hands tangled in Merlin’s hair, groans woven with Merlin’s name.

Merlin stood effortlessly, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand, and kissed the swell of one of Arthur’s cheeks.

“Better, Sire?” he puffed, grinning insanely.

Arthur mouthed wordlessly as Merlin draped his jacket, which he’d retrieved from the floor while he was conveniently down there, over one of Arthur’s shoulders and eased Arthur’s breeches back up his legs. Blinking dumbly, Arthur watched Merlin redress himself and try in vain to smooth away his clothes.

“How the fuck are you so good at that?”

Merlin peered down at himself then at Arthur, twitching his shoulders in a small shrug. “I can’t be that great, seeing as how the wrinkles haven’t gone.”

The seconds dragged by painfully. Then, then, Arthur burst out laughing, grabbing both of Merlin’s shoulders to support himself as his knees buckled again, and though Merlin hadn’t the faintest explanation for the prince’s sudden hilarity--Arthur never had to do laundry, after all--, he joined in, chuckling through his confusion.

Arthur snaked an arm around Merlin’s back and steered him towards the entrance of the Hall, Merlin going obediently. But, it wasn’t until they reached the doorway that both finally noticed the two guards standing at attention there--and most definitely had been through the duration of their activities. Merlin tensed at Arthur’s side, but Arthur merely tightened his arm around his manservant and continued leading him away.

Fortunately for Arthur, he knew his withering glare was threat enough to keep both men mum.