He was gagged, blindfolded, bound, and naked. He’d been beaten, starved, and drugged. The cell he was in was cold, too cold. He couldn’t remember a time when he had ever been so cold. He was weak now. So weak he could hardly stand. He had lost track of time. He could have been here for weeks. He could have been here for days.

He could die on this planet, the possibility of it increasing the longer he was stuck here. He could die here and he would never get to tell Wesley that he loved him.

Here he was, at death’s door, and he was thinking about Wesley. If that didn’t put things in perspective, then he didn’t know what would. He had known he was in love with Wesley, but apparently he cared even more deeply than he had realized.

And now, he might never get to see Wesley again. He might never get to see that bright smile aimed directly at him, or hear the sound of his laughter. He might never get to watch Wesley figure out another puzzle that the rest of the crew couldn’t. He really was too smart for his own good. He might never get to hold Wesley in his arms again, or run his hands over smooth bare skin, or feel those soft lips pressed to his.

He wouldn’t even be there to see Wesley turn eighteen, and that was only a month away. That would mean they’d been together for about eight months now. Eight months of sneaking around. Eight months, and this is how it would end. It wasn’t fair. They still had so much to learn about each other, so much to show each other, so many things that he hoped they could do one day - like go out on a date.

He heard the guards enter his cell, and he was pulled roughly to his feet. He wished he could fight them off but he was just so weak. As it was, they half dragged him out of his cell.

When they finally stopped, his bound wrists were pulled above him, and he could only assume that they were being tied to something. Sure enough, when they walked away, he tugged. He couldn’t move. Whatever they had planned for him, he was meant to remain standing.

He heard talking around him, and then he heard a familiar voice. His captors were talking to Captain Picard. That meant he was probably on the viewscreen, which meant that if Wesley was on the bridge, he could see him. The talking continued, but he could only make out bits and pieces. That was when he heard the crack of a whip. It fell into place. They were going to torture him to get what they wanted from Picard, and if Picard didn’t give them what they wanted, they would kill him. From what he could understand, they were going to make Picard watch. He really hoped that Wesley wasn’t on the bridge. This was not something he needed to see.

He felt the first bite of the whip across his back. He tried not to focus on the pain. He just tried to keep his mind working. He knew that Picard wouldn’t take Wesley off of the bridge.

The second slash of the whip fell across the back of his thighs. He couldn’t help it. He yelled into his gag. He wondered if Worf would force Wesley off the bridge against Picard’s orders.

This time, the whip lashed out against his ass. He cried out against the gag, his breathing becoming labored. He hoped Wesley wouldn’t be able to hear him as well as see him. He hoped someone would have enough sense to get him off the bridge.

The whip was on his back again. Again he cried out against his gag, desperately trying keep his footing. It was too soon to allow himself to start dangling from whatever they had him strung up too. It wouldn’t be much longer though, considering how weak he was. He didn’t want to lose his footing while there was still a chance that Wesley was on the bridge.

He felt the whip on the back of his thighs again. There was so much pain. He didn’t know how much longer he’d be able to remain conscious. He wanted to tell Wesley that he was sorry and that he loved him. Oh how he loved him.

The whip lashed out in quick succession against his ass and then his back. He finally lost his footing, and he couldn’t gain it back. Unbidden tears leaked from his eyes, most trapped by the blindfold, but a few tracking down his face. He lost track of where the whip was hitting him, a steady mantra of “I love you, Wesley” and “please don’t let Wesley be on the bridge” running through his mind as he slowly drifted into unconsciousness.

*******

He regained consciousness slowly, an incessant beeping noise the first thing he heard. He had no idea where he was, and his eyes were stubbornly refusing to open. He was lying on his stomach and he could feel that it wasn’t cold ground beneath him. It didn’t feel like he was bound or gagged either. He could hear quiet arguing nearby.

“Mom, why can’t I go see him?”

“Wesley, he’s not even awake. I know you’re upset by what happened, but you don’t need to be here to see him right now.”

He never thought he’d hear that voice again. That meant that he was in sickbay, and damn it, Beverly was being a pain. Why couldn’t she just let Wesley come see him? He tried to make a noise, but all he managed was a quiet little groan, not loud enough for them to hear. He tried again and heard them stop arguing.

“Will?” Beverly was at his side in an instant. “Will, can you hear me?” He grunted because that was the best he could do at the moment.

“Will, can you open your eyes for me?” His eyelids were so heavy, but he knew he needed to try harder. He knew that Wesley was standing nearby, watching, completely forgotten by his mother for the moment.

It took a huge amount of effort, but he finally managed to open his eyes. When he was able to focus, he saw Beverly standing next to him, running her tricorder over him. Wesley was standing off to the side, arms crossed, hands balled into fists, biting his lip so hard he was probably drawing blood. Wesley was extremely pale, but he was a sight for sore eyes, and still so incredibly beautiful.

Beverly held a glass of water with a straw to his lips, and he drank gratefully.

“Well Will, you’re coming along nicely, but it was touch and go there for a while.”

“Mom.” Beverly jumped when she heard Wesley speak. “Wesley, what are you still doing here?”

“Mom, can I have a minute alone with Will?”

“Wesley, I thought I told you to leave.”

“Beverly,” he managed to croak out, “let him stay.”

Beverly looked at the both of them, and for a terrible moment, he thought she was going to refuse and start yelling. Instead she let out a put upon sigh.

“Fine, but you only have five minutes. That’s all.” She stormed away and pulled the privacy curtain around them. Wesley picked up the water and held the straw to Will’s lips. It felt wonderful being able to drink water again, and he was so incredibly thirsty.

“Will, I can’t stay. Right now everyone thinks that I’m just freaked out by what I saw on the bridge. If I stay now while you’re awake, I’m sure I’ll give us away.”

“I know. I understand. It’s okay.”

“I just really needed to see you.” He smiled sadly down at Will, running a hand through Will’s hair.

“You’ll come see me in my quarters when I’m released from here, won’t you?”

“Nothing could stop me.” Wesley looked like he was holding back tears now. “Will, I have to go now.” The hand that had been running through his hair moved down to rest on his cheek. Wesley leaned in and kissed him gently.

“I’m so glad you’re back,” and with that, Wesley was gone. Will hated to see him go, but Wesley was right. They would give themselves away if Wesley stayed around. He was thankful he had gotten to see Wesley, even for just a brief moment. He closed his eyes and drifted back to sleep.

The next time he woke up, he was still in sickbay, but Worf was sitting next to his biobed.

“Worf.”

“Commander.”

“What happened on the bridge, Worf.”

“Commander, sir, I think it’s best if you talk to Wesley about what happened.”

“Was it bad?”

“Yes.”

“Shit.”

“How are you feeling?”

“Better than him, I think.”

“Commander, I did the best I could.”

“I don’t doubt that, Worf. Thank you.” Worf gave him a nod and left Will alone with his thoughts. He just wished he were back in his own quarters so that he could see Wesley and reassure Wesley. He had come back alive and in one piece, and he was pretty sure that Wesley was even more desperate than he for the contact.

Never before had he so badly wanted to hold someone in his arms. It wasn’t that he’d never been in love, although, considering how strongly he felt about Wesley, maybe he never had been. He’d certainly never loved anyone so deeply before, and he had no idea how that was even possible. What had Wesley done to him?

Will snorted. That had to be the easiest question ever. It was the shy smiles, the bright laughter, the late night conversations, and the lunch conversations. It was the way he trusted Will implicitly. It was Wesley’s intelligence. Sure, he could be arrogant about it, but the kid was a fucking genius. It was how easily they got along despite the age difference. It was the way Wesley looked at him.

Beverly walked up to him then, interrupting his thoughts.

“How are you feeling today, Will?”

“Ready to be back in my own bed.”

“I know, I just want to make sure the drugs have completely left your system, and that your wounds are as healed as I can get them.” Beverly worked in silence for a few minutes, and when she spoke, her voice was barely above a whisper.

“He’s really taking this hard.”

“He should have been taken off the bridge immediately.”

“I know. I already had words with Jean-Luc.”

“Good. I plan on having words with him too.”

“Thank you Will, for looking out for him.”

“He’s a good kid, Beverly. You can’t help but want to protect him.”

“Yes…try and get some rest. I should be able to release you tomorrow.”

Tomorrow. Great. Another night without Wesley.

*******

Beverly was good on her word though. He’d spent three nights and three days in sickbay. He’d been released so late in the day that he had worried he would be forced to spend another night in sickbay. It could have been worse though. It could have been a lot worse.

It was getting late, and he was starting to worry that Wesley wasn’t going to show. There’s no way he wouldn’t know that he had been released.

Finally, he heard the swish of the door, and then Wesley was standing beside the bed.

“Aren’t you going to get into bed?”

“Actually, can you roll over, Will?” Will hesitated before speaking.

“Do you really think that’s such a good idea, Wes?”

“Please, Will. Just…please.” Wesley was looking at him with pleading eyes. He was fighting a losing battle. He really didn’t think Wesley should be doing this just yet. He sighed and rolled over.

He could hear Wesley stripping out of his clothes and making the lights brighter. He could hear the sharp intake of breath when Wesley removed the covers from his body. Beverly had done the best she could, but there was scarring.

Wesley straddled him and leaned down. He could feel Wesley’s lips and tongue on his back, working in a pattern. He was tracing Will’s scars. Will felt a fluttering in his stomach and a warmth flood through his body. Jesus, the kid loved him.

Wesley took his time, making sure that each and every scar had been completely touched by his lips, by his tongue. By the time Wesley reached his thighs, Will could feel tears splashing down on him, though Wesley kept silent. Will was nearly in tears himself.

Finally, Wesley finished and lay down next to Will. He could feel Wesley’s erection pressed against him, and wasn’t the least bit surprised. He had nearly lost Will, and now Will was back, next to him, and Wesley was touching him and kissing him and just wanted to be as close as humanly possible to him. So really, he shouldn’t have been surprised by the next thing out of Wesley’s mouth, except he was.

“I need you, Will,” and as if to prove his point, he had begun to shift restlessly against Will.

“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea, Wesley.” Wesley froze next to him.

“You’ve never questioned me before. Do you not want to?”

“Don’t be ridiculous. Of course I want to.”

“Then what’s the problem? We’ve been together for about eight months. I turn eighteen next month.”

“I thought we would wait until you turned eighteen.”

“That was my plan too, but I need this now.” Wesley was sitting up now, glaring at him, the hurt in his eyes apparent.

“Wes, I just don’t think you’re in the right frame of mind to decide this. You’re too emotional.”

“I almost lost you Will!” He was shouting now and had moved to the edge of the bed. He was fumbling around for his clothing.

“No, Wes. Don’t go.” He made a move to reach out for Wesley but Wesley shoved him back hard.

“Don’t touch me!” He was crying openly now, sobs wracking his body. Will gave him the space he wanted, scooting back in the bed to sit against the headboard.

“You were missing for two days. I had to go to work like everything was normal. I had to pretend that you being missing didn’t affect me more than the others. I slept in your bed both nights, crying, hoping they would be able to find you. I felt so helpless and so alone. And then the third day…” Wesley trailed off. The third day was the day he had been on the bridge, watching as Will was being tortured.

“Wes, tell me what happened.” Wesley looked at him.

“You want to know everything?”

“Yes, please.” Wesley was still sitting on the edge of the bed, hands gripping the edge and body tense. He looked ready to flee at any moment. He took a deep breath and started talking.

********

He didn’t want to go back to the bridge again. He just wanted to curl up in Will’s bed until Will was safely back on the ship. He felt like a huge chunk of him was missing.

He dragged himself onto the bridge and sat in his chair. It was so lonely there without Will sitting behind him. He had to act professional though. The Captain would take nothing less.

He zoned out while discussion went on about Will, when Worf announced that they were being hailed. Suddenly, Will was up on the viewscreen. Wesley swallowed hard and tried to keep a calm and steady composure.

Will looked awful. He was naked and gagged and blindfolded. His bound wrists were tied to a beam. He looked like he had been beaten, and he could barely stand on his own two feet.

That was when the whip lashed out. Wesley couldn’t contain his flinch or his cry. He watched in horror, unable to close his eyes or look away, even though he knew that he should.

He was vaguely aware of Worf arguing with the Captain about him staying on the bridge. That was an argument he knew Worf wouldn’t win.

He watched until Will could no longer stand on his own. He was completely frozen in place. He jumped when he felt a hand grab his arm. He looked up into the face of Worf.

“Come with me.” Worf practically yanked Wesley out of his chair, which wasn’t really a bad thing since Wesley wasn’t entirely sure he could move.

“Worf, I thought I ordered you to leave him on the bridge.”

“With all due respect, Captain, do you really want to explain to his mother why he was on the bridge for so long watching this?” The Captain contemplated the situation, and it seemed letting Wesley off the bridge was the lesser of two evils.

“Carry on Worf, but I need you back here immediately.”

Yes sir.”

As Worf dragged Wesley to the turbolift, he happened to catch a glimpse of Deanna. It looked like she was having a hard time keeping herself together. Wesley remembered that her and Will used to be together. She’d probably want to comfort Will after this. She wouldn’t get the chance to, though. That was Wesley’s job. It was what Wesley wanted and needed to do.

“Wesley,” Worf said when they got into the turbolift. “I need you to keep it together until I can get you to Will’s quarters.” Worf still had a grip on his arm, for which he was grateful. He thought he might fall otherwise.

He heard Worf call Guinan, but didn’t pay any attention. He kept thinking about what he had seen on the bridge. He was sure he would have nightmares for quite some time.

As Worf dragged him out of the turbolift and headed to Will’s quarters, Wesley became very aware of the fact that he might never see Will again, that seeing Will whipped would be the last time he would see him alive.

He felt the bile rise to his throat, and shoved past Worf when they reached Will’s quarters. He ran to the head, barely making it in time to hurl.

He was still dry heaving when he felt a hand rubbing soothing circles on his back. So Guinan had arrived then.

“Wesley, I have to get back to the bridge. Give me your commbadge.” Wesley handed it over to Worf. “Wesley, I’m going to set my override code to the door so that only I can get in.” Wesley nodded.

Suddenly, Worf was leaning down right in front of him. “Wesley, I will get him back.” Wesley nodded again. He was incapable of much more.

Worf left him with Guinan, and Wesley let her help him clean up and get into Will’s bed. She pulled up a chair to sit next to him and took his hand into hers.

“Do you want to talk?”

“Thanks, but I don’t think I can.”

“That’s okay. I’ll just stay here until you fall asleep.”

Wesley finally let the tears he’d been holding back fall to the pillow. Will’s pillow. He didn’t know what he would do if he lost Will. An empty ache settled in the pit of his stomach, and he felt like his heart was breaking in two.

Guinan just squeezed his hand tighter and let him cry. That night, he cried himself to sleep.

He awoke to someone gently shaking him.

“Wesley.”

“Worf?”

“Come on, Wesley. Get up and make yourself presentable.”

“Wait, what? Will?”

“He’s been in sickbay since last night. I’m sorry I couldn’t get to you sooner.”

“Is he going to be okay?”

“He’s going to be fine.”

Wesley freshened up and got his commbadge back from Worf. He made his way to sickbay, palms sweating and heart pounding.

“Wesley,” his mother greeted him when he got to sickbay. “I’m so sorry you had to see that. I’m sorry this happened to Will.” She hugged him, and over her shoulder he saw Will. His Will. Back, alive and whole. 

******

“And you know the rest.” Tears were still streaming down Wesley’s face, and now there were tears running down Will’s face as well. He had left Wesley alone when he was talking, but now he moved and sat behind him, wrapping his arms around Wesley’s slender frame, pressing his face into Wesley’s neck so that he could feel his tears.

They sat there, an occasional sniffle the only thing breaking the silence. He pressed a couple of kisses to the back of Wesley’s neck, and then along his ear, letting his lips linger.

“Wesley,” he whispered. “It was you I was thinking about when I was down there. I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I thought about all of the things that I would miss about you and all of the things that we would never get to do, the things that I would never get to tell you. Oh, Wesley.” He breathed out Wesley’s name on a sigh.

He held Wesley tighter and kissed Wesley’s cheek.

“Wesley. I love you, Wesley. So much.” He heard the sharp intake of breath from Wesley, and then Wesley had turned his head to face Will and was kissing him.

“Oh Will. I love you too.” Wesley’s hand found the back of Will’s neck and pulled him in for another kiss. Will let one of his hands slide down Wesley’s body. He had noticed that Wesley’s erection had never completely gone away, and was now at full attention again. He still wasn’t surprised. All of Wesley’s emotions were mixed together. He was confused. His body was confused.

Wesley whimpered into his mouth when he took him into his hand. Wesley broke the kiss to lean back against Will. He stroked slowly, knowing it probably wouldn’t take much to send Wesley over the edge. Tears were still streaming down Wesley’s face, even as he moaned in pleasure.

A few strokes, and Wesley shuddered through his release, spilling silently onto Will’s hand. Wesley watched through heavily lidded eyes as Will licked his hand clean.

When he finished, he moved them to the center of the bed. They both needed this. It wasn’t about the sex; instead, it was about the connection. It was about all of the feelings and the emotions that came from having sex with someone you loved. That was what Wesley wanted, and there was no denying that Will wanted it too.

He lay Wesley down and grabbed the lube and the towel before covering Wesley’s body with his own. Wesley watched as he leaned forward and pressed a chaste kiss to Wesley’s lips. Will did that a few more times, but then Wesley was smiling, his hands moving to the back of Will’s head and neck to bring him in for a deeper kiss. It was sweet and sensual. They lazily explored each other’s mouths. Wesley’s tears had finally subsided, but Will didn’t doubt that they would be back before the night was up.

He kissed Wesley until they were both breathless and a bit lightheaded. He was taking his time, not wanting to rush this. He wanted to make sure that it was good for Wesley.

He pulled back from Wesley’s lips so that he could place light kisses along Wesley’s face, leaving butterfly kisses along his cheeks. Wesley’s eyes were closed, his face completely slack with bliss, the ghost of a smile on his lips. His hair was still too perfect though. He ran a hand through Wesley’s hair, completely mussing it up.

When Will looked back down, Wesley was peering up at him, the smile more apparent. He was so beautiful. Will smiled back at him, unable to resist giving him another kiss before moving on to his neck.

He had yet to mark Wesley’s neck, and really he had no intention of doing it now, but when he was licking along the side of Wesley’s neck, he shivered. He licked at it again, and Wesley shivered again. He sucked gently and the shiver was more pronounced. He sucked a little harder and Wesley groaned, so he bit down causing Wesley to cry out, arching up against him. He licked at the mark he had just made, soothing the tender skin.

He left Wesley’s neck moving down to capture a nipple with his teeth, tugging lightly, then swirling his tongue around before closing his lips around it and sucking. He lavished the same attention on the other nipple. Wesley was writing underneath him, fingers scratching lightly along his back, moaning and gasping.

He kissed his way down Wesley’s stomach and along his hips. Wesley was hard again and already leaking pre-come. He licked the pearly drop before sucking in just the head, enjoying the taste of Wesley, and the groan that it produced.

Will grabbed the lube, sliding one slicked up finger in easily. Will chuckled to himself. Wesley had become addicted to being finger fucked, not that Will minded, and it turned out to be pretty useful right now.

Wesley had worked hard on learning to relax his muscles, and he was no longer as tight as he had been the first time, so Will was able to slide a second finger in just as easily. He scissored his fingers, stretching Wesley as best as he could before slipping in a third finger. He made sure to brush over Wesley’s prostate, spending more time than was really necessary to make sure that Wesley was properly prepped.

When he felt that he had prepped Wesley the best he could, he slicked himself up with lube. Slowly, gently, he began to press in, one hand petting Wesley’s stomach, hoping to maintain Wesley’s state of relaxation.

He watched as Wesley closed his eyes and worked on forcing his muscles to relax, breathing through the worst of the burn, and before Will realized it, he was all the way in.

He braced himself over Wesley, who immediately wrapped his arms and legs around Will. Will chuckled, and then a smiling Wesley was pulling him in for a kiss. Will started to move, slowly, wanting Wesley to get used to it, and not wanting to hurt him.

Wesley wrapped his arms even tighter around Will, groaning softly into his mouth, but Will wanted nothing more than to hold Wesley in his arms. He moved up and back, onto his knees, taking Wesley with him so that he was straddling Will’s lap. He held Wesley tight as he began to thrust faster, watching as Wesley shifted to find the best angle.

Will knew he had found it when Wesley threw his head back and closed his eyes, gasps and moans escaping his parted lips. His fingers dug into Will’s shoulders and he started to move, meeting Will’s thrusts.

They found an easy, steady rhythm, like they had been doing this for years instead of it being the first time. He could feel Wesley getting closer, so he reached one hand down between them to stroke Wesley. As soon as he touched him though, his eyes shot open. He was on the verge of tears again, and he looked a little scared and a little vulnerable. He pulled Wesley in closer so he could whisper to him.

“It’s okay, baby. I’ve got you. I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere. It’s okay. I’ve got you and I’m not letting go. It’s okay, baby. I love you.” Wesley bit into his shoulder hard, stifling his shout, tears streaming down onto Will, his release spilling onto Will’s hand for the second time that night. Wesley’s body was positively trembling from the intensity of the orgasm.

That was all it took to send Will over the edge, crying out and releasing his seed inside of Wesley’s body, and oh wasn’t that a beautiful thing.

They collapsed onto the bed, Will’s full weight resting on Wesley, though he didn’t seem to care. His limbs were still wrapped around Will, and he was stroking a hand down Will’s spine.

It took a hell of a lot of effort, but Will lifted himself off of Wesley and grabbed the towel, cleaning them both up as best he could. He rolled over to lie on his back next to Wesley. Wesley immediately wrapped himself around Will, and damn it, Will was feeling a bit needy and clingy too, so he gave into desire, rolled over to face Wesley, and clung.

He could feel slight tremors still going through Wesley’s body, remnants of the orgasm and the overwhelming emotions. They lay in each other’s arms, their breathing slowly returning to normal.

Wesley moved first, kissing Will so sweetly. Will pulled out of this kiss.

“You okay baby?”

“Mmm, yeah. Will, that was…” he trailed off smiling. Will huffed out a chuckle.

“Yeah, it was.”

Wesley’s expression suddenly sobered, and he bit his lip.

“What’s the matter, Wes?”

“It’s just…well, I don’t have to be on the bridge tomorrow, and you don’t have to be on the bridge tomorrow…” Will smiled.

“Yeah. Yeah, okay.” They deserved a day to spend together. They deserved some time alone. They needed this. He reached out for his commbadge.

“Riker to Worf.”

“Yes Commander.”

“Are you alone?”

“Yes sir. I’m in my quarters.”

“Worf, I was wondering if you could do me a favor?”

“I can arrange for minor accidents throughout the day to keep Beverly busy, and I’ll give you my override code so that nobody can come in and bother you. I thought of just telling Beverly to leave Wesley alone, but I thought that it might be too obvious as to who he was with.” Will’s mouth dropped open, and he looked over at Wesley, who was laughing.

“Worf, how did you know I was going to ask - no, I don’t want to know. Worf, I really owe you one. Thank you.” He got the override code from Worf and said goodnight, turning his attention back to Wesley.

“Looks like we’ve got the whole day to ourselves tomorrow.”

“Thanks Will.”

“I think we earned it.”

Wesley kissed him and buried his face into Will’s neck, pressing as close to Will as was humanly possible.

“I love you Will,” he murmured into Will’s neck. He kissed the top of Wesley’s head. “I love you too, Wes.”