I whimpered into my ball gag, tied to my Mistress' favourite chair, a position slowly becoming my nightmare. Knelt in front of me, teasing my caged clit, Mistress smiled up as she ran her tongue over my swollen, denied balls. Always teasing, enjoy the effects it had on me, the noises it produced. The vibrating plug slowly humming away, splitting my focus between pleasure points. I was lost in her touch, her torment.
In a split second, it all stopped. Mistress stood up, turning off the vibe, and leaving me in my frustration. The worst part about her teasing is the aching feeling it leaves when it stops, a small part of me wanting it to continue, knowing it will never lead to my orgasm. Slowly she was breaking me, craving her touch and torment more so than my own orgasm. Eyes transfixed on her, I watched as Mistress moved towards a special box on the table, a mischievous smile spread across her face.
Returning to her knees in front of me, Mistress made sure my attention was on her as she opened it. A soft moan escaped my lips as I saw her present, a new steel cage, slowly being unwrapped. I listened as Mistress told me about my new prison, how she had it custom made, how it would require me to get a Prince Albert piercing, and most importantly, how it was permanent.
I gulped, listening as Mistress told me how I would be pierced. While it healed the hair around my clit would be lasered off, permanently removed. Once my poor clit was ready, she would spend all night teasing me, stroking my clit for the last time. She quietly whispered in my ear, telling me how good it would feel to finally have my clit played with for the last time. How good my orgasm would feel for the last time. And how happy she would be that my clit would be free for the last time. I could barely breathe as she showed me the rivet, the lockless custom cage, the idea of being in chastity for the rest of my life...
Standing behind me, sensing my mix of emotions, Mistress leaned in, her breath filling my ear. She stated that being locked in this cage would be my choice. That getting the piercing would be my choice. And that she was going to tease, deny and frustrate me until I begged her for the cage, begged to be her caged sissy. Begged her to take my clit away. I nearly fainted from the very thought.
Over the next few weeks Mistress left the cage on the mantle, for me to walk by every day. Every time I cleaned it drew my eye. I tried to ignore it, finish my chores, but it taunted me, always in the back of my mind. The only time it moved was after every teasing session Mistress would take it down, gently playing with it, asking her good sissy if she was ready for her cage. I always said no, but I knew the resistance in me was disappearing, being chipped away by my Mistress. I knew I was going to lose...
Dusting the mantle, my maid outfit tightly fitting, fishnets and heels making me feel so pretty, I lingered on the cage. Spending extra time, ensuring it was clean, I nervously looked around to see I was alone. Excitedly, I picked it up, surprised at how light it was. Turning it over in my hands, imagining myself wearing it, I gasped as I pictured it wrapped around my clit, never feeling an erection again. I imagined how happy it would make my Mistress, feeling her inspecting it, playing with her permanently caged good girl. Thinking of finally receiving an orgasm from my little clit for the first time in months, even if the cost was my very last one.
Lost in my own imagination, I didn't hear my Mistress sneak up behind me. As she wrapped her arms around me I squeaked, caught in my daydream. Her one hand moved down to my cage, feeling how wet and excited I was, while the other found my ass, squeezing her toy. I whimpered under her touch, as she giggled at my confused mind, asking if I was ready to be her permanent good little sissy yet. I almost said yes, almost gave in to our ultimate fantasy. Yet, a part of me resisted, revolted, ran away screaming from the idea. I gently put the cage back down, shaking my head, unsure if my voice would work in the moment. Smiling, Mistress pulled away, spanking my ass, leaving me to my chores with one simple word.
 _Soon._
That night I found myself in my prettiest sissy dress, on all fours with Mistress' rainbow cock in my ass. Moaning into my ball gag, I stared at the cage placed right in front of my eyes. Fucked hard while staring at the permanent future in front of me, orgasm building in my ass, I knew I had lost. I knew I wanted to be her permanent sissy. I knew I wanted the cage. As she made me cum on her cock, I smiled at the thought of my future. Of how happy my Mistress would be. She stroked my hair, calling me a good girl, as I cleaned my orgasm off the floor with my tongue.
The next day I got dressed up, wearing my Mistress' favourite dress. I casually walked into the living room, finding her reading a book. She look up and smiled, enjoying the sight of me. I curtsied, moving towards the cage on the mantle. I tool it in my hand, nerves starting to show as I shook. Kneeling in front of my Mistress, I looked up at her with fear and excitement in my eyes. She knew what was coming, eyes showing her glee. Finding my words, voice soft, I sealed my fate, my future.
 _Mistress, please lock up my clit?_
Squealing, she wrapped me in a big hug, calling me her good sissy. My nerves vanishing, always so happy to hear her call me that, I hugged back, not regretting my decision in the slightest. Grabbing my hand, she dragged me out the door. Expecting this day, she had it all planned out with a friendly tattoo artist and piercer. Before I could change my mind, we pulled up in front of the shop, my heels clicking away as I entered.
I was led to a chair, everything already prepped. My nerves returning, I looked to my Mistress who stroked my hair, bringing my head to her chest. She called me her good girl, telling me how happy I was making her, how this was what was best for me. Numbing cream and ice was placed on my clit as it was unlocked, ensuring I would not get hard. I barely felt the piercing, a small pinch was the extent of it.
As I rested my head back, waiting for my appointment to be finished, Mistress said she had a surprise for me, a gift for finally accepting her cage. I was strapped down to the chair, a blindfold placed over my eyes. Whimpering, Mistress shushed me, telling me to behave. The sound of a tattoo gun went off, feeling the gun on my skin above my clit. An hour later I was turned over, feeling the gun again on my lower back, worried about what my Mistress was doing to me.
Finally, flipped on my back once again, I figured it was over. But a gag was fitted into my mouth, keeping my lips pushed out. I whimpered as I felt the needle pressing into my lower lip, Mistress's hands still stroking my hair, calling me her good little sissy to calm me down. I waited patiently for them to finish like a good girl, nervous about the finished product.
Quicker than expected, I was let out of the chair. Still blindfolded, they led me to a mirror to show me my new future. When I was once again able to see, I gasped, eyes drawn initially to my new piercing. I hadn't seen my uncaged clit in months, the foreign piercing through the head. Just above it, in bright pink cursive letters, I stared at the tattoo, _SISSY_ boldly labelled above my clit. Mistress giggled, telling me how good it would look sitting above my cage. I could only blush, barely able to keep my eyes off it.
Turning my around, they showed me my new tramp stamp, _CUMSLUT_ in the same pink adorned my lower back. I giggled along with Mistress, knowing she would be calling me that every time I was taken from behind from now on. Lastly they showed me my lip, still swollen from the treatment. However, very clearly I could see the tattoo. Very clearly I could see the new branding, the final nail in the coffin, the sealing of my fate.
 _Owned_
I had been marked as her slut. Her sissy. Her good girl. I hugged my Mistress, so happy to be owned by her, so excited to give up my clit forever to be hers. She smiled, gently patting my cheek, calling me her good girl.
My piercing took time to heal, leaving me uncaged for weeks. Mistress ensured I was good by making me wear an armbinder every time I was unsupervised. Each night she would gently stroke my clit, rubbing a salve on my new piercing. She smiled as I enjoyed my erections, _SISSY_ on full display just above my clit. Very careful not to let me cum, she cooed about how great my last and final orgasm would feel when she finally let me have it. Hard and denied, I whimpered in her hands, simply submitting to her will.
Weeks passed, my piercing healed, the night had finally came. Mistress was excited all day, watching my nervous face as I paced back and forth in my heels. She settled me in her chair, the same chair the idea of the new cage was first introduced, inevitably leading to this moment. Excited, gagged, I watched as she lubed up my clit, slowly playing with it for the last time.
Expertly, Mistress edged me for what seemed like hours. Happy to be played with, enjoying the final moments of my erections, I moaned as I was denied the orgasm I so desperately sought over and over. Each night I had felt this need, this building sensation that was always delayed. It had been so long that the feeling of what and orgasm felt like through my clit and not my g-spot, was almost a distant memory.
Kneeling in front of me, hand slowly moving up and down my eagerly frustrated clit, Mistress asked me if I wanted to be her good girl. I nodded incessantly, trying to listen to her, drawing my focus away from the pulsating feeling between my legs. She asked if I wanted to make her happy. Again, I nodded profusely, pleading to cum. She said there was only one thing I could do, one thing that would make her so happy. One thing that would make me her good little sissy.
She asked me not to cum.
My eyes widened, praying I misheard her request. Mistress, smiling, hand still stroking, told me that she didn't want me to cum. She wanted to lock the permanent cage on me without an orgasm, denying me for life the thing so desperately on my mind. She wanted me to be her good little girl and not cum, to give her this and all my future orgasms.
I nearly cried, still so close to the edge. Still so close to the orgasm I so desperately wanted. So desperately needed. I whimpered through my gag, begging her not to leave this decision to me. But Mistress just stared, never stopping her stroking, keeping me denied and horny. I could barely think, barely function, so focused on my hard cock in her hands. Tears in my eyes, I knew what she wanted. I knew what I was going to do. I knew I wanted to be her good girl.
I nodded, and for what seemed like the third time in the past few weeks, I sealed my fate.
Mistress smiled, a knowing smile as if she had known this would be my choice all along, kissing my cheek. Quickly my clit was iced down, the last erection I would ever had disappearing in frustration. I watched in silence as the custom cage slipped over me, connecting to my piercing. A perfect fit, no room to grow or shrink. I watched as Mistress lined up the rivet to the hole. She stared right into my eyes, calling me her good little sissy, and with a push, it was finished.
Happier than I have ever seen her, she cupped my denied balls, still so desperate to cum. My now permanently sealed clit, forever under her control, and out of mine. I was let out of my binds, walked to a mirror to stare at my new life. Marked as her slut, her sissy, I stared at the whore in the mirror. My tattoo's shining in the light, Mistress' branding visible every time I pouted. I was officially hers. Hers to do with me what she willed. Standing behind me, hands on my new cage, hunger in her eyes, I just knew I had made the right choice.
And as she fucked me in front of the mirror, ass in the air so I could see my title of _CUMSLUT_ boldly labelling me what I was, I was gifted the orgasm Mistress promised to me from her rainbow cock buried deep in my ass.
It was the best orgasm I have ever had.