Hello, anyone home? It's me mom." As I stood up and heard my mom enter the house, my body shook. What was I going to tell her, did she know, was this all set up? So many questions and no answers. Well I stood up and threw on some jeans and a sweatshirt. I figured I'd go downstairs and just tell her what happened. My father was still in the shower and I figured he would tell her if I didn't. So as I went downstairs, with shaky legs. I found my mom in the kitchen. She was wearing a simple white blouse and knee length black skirt. "Mom, hi! How was your day?"

"I see your father is home a bit early?"

"Yes, he was home when I got here."

"Well, do I have to ask what happened, or are you going to take forever to tell me?"

Man she knew, how? Or was she guessing?

"Well that is what I came down to talk to you about. Dad wanted to have sex with me again. When I got home he was naked and basically had his way with me."

"So what do you want me to do about it?"

"Nothing, I guess. It was different this time I wasn't scared like the last time but in the end I did enjoy it. Is that wrong?"

"Well, no I guess not; are you ok?"

"Yes I am. He stuck me in my butt hole, and that hurt, but I am all right now."

"Well here finish putting up these groceries."

"Ok mom."

As I finished my mom sat down on a kitchen chair. When I turned around she had thrown her panties to the floor and lifted up her skirt. I was somewhat shocked.

The next thing I heard her say was, " Get over here you slut, if you fucked your dad and liked it you can lick this pussy and love it."

I turned and walked over to my mom and knelt down in front of her. The smell of her pussy was strong. She was a secretary and sat all day, her pussy sweated and gave off an aroma. I began to lick slowly not sure of what to do. My mom put one foot up on the chair she sat in. She then guided my head closer to her pussy.

She then said, "Lick it slow and soft. Don't rush, I want it to last. I am sure your father took his time with you. MMMMM... that is the way to do it, lick it all over. You are a nasty little slut aren't you? Your father was right when he said that we should fuck you. I am glad I listened to him."

As I licked, my mom squirmed in her chair and slowly undid her blouse. She then took off her bra and felt herself up. I glanced up at my mom as I licked her pussy and thought wow her tits are big. My mom's tits were a D cup and maybe bigger.

She moved to the kitchen floor and told me to lift her legs as I licked her.

"Lick my ass while you are down there." I almost puked at the smell, but did as I was told.

My father had not come down yet and I figured he was probably taking his daily nap. As I licked, I thought to myself, what the hell is happening? I came to my mom for help and answers and here I am licking her ass. After a while the smell of her pussy and ass were gone or maybe I had just gotten use to it.

I was going too fast as she continued to tell me to slow down. Was I getting into this too much, or just trying to get it over? I was not sure of myself at the time. After a few minutes she began to shake and once again I knew that, that meant she was about to cum. No sooner did she cum, than she pull me up to her and told me she loved me and kissed me full on the mouth. Her tongue was in my mouth and mine was in hers. My body felt warm and I was beginning to kiss my mom back like she was a man. I felt on her tits and pulled at her nipples and she pushed my mouth over them and made me lick them. With every lick, the more she moaned.

As we kissed she took off my sweatshirt. She undid my jeans and slid them off. Then she took my tits in her mouth and sucked hard on them. At this point my pussy was soaked. She reached down and stuck a finger in my pussy and I almost jumped out of my skin. She fingered me for awhile then she rolled over on me and slid down and started to lick my pussy. As her hot tongue hit my clit I moaned loudly and grabbed her head and did not want to let it go. She then began to finger me faster and the harder she stroked my pussy the more I squirmed. One, two, three fingers she stuck in me. It hurt at first but then I began to fuck her hand like I fucked my dad's dick. She licked slow and fast. She knew how to lick pussy and was doing her best to make me cum. Then all of a sudden my body shook and I knew what was happening, but I could not believe it, I was cumming in my mom's mouth. My mind almost exploded; how could I cum from my mom licking me? I, or at least my body, was totally out of control. As my mom finished licking me she came up and asked me what I thought of her. Right away I said, "Mom that was great, oh my god was the ever great!"

At that point we kissed a little more and then we got dressed. I heard my dad coming downstairs and my mom said it was time to start dinner. Like I hadn't enough to eat already, I thought. My mom asked me to go check the mail and to bring up some potatoes for dinner. As I was walking to the kitchen I heard my dad tell my mom about our (mine and dad's) episode. And then asked her if she had fun with me? I heard them kiss then walked in.

As I walked in my dad said, "Go get another potato, we have company coming."

I hope you have enjoyed this story and my others, Another Saturday Night and Dad and I. I would like to hear what you think, please be open and honest. And feel free to ask me anything you like. I will answer any and all mail to the best of my ability.