Bob's Story 6

By JSR

The Counselor



The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 

Sarah Jane and I were talking, and I said, I would like to find a family of 4. Two males and 2 females, that we could try some experiments on. She asked, Why a family of 4, and what experiments? I answered, A family with 2 of each sex, so I could use one as a test subject, and the other as a standard. None of the tests would physically hurt the people, and it would help me to learn the extent of my powers, and maybe I would learn enough to teach you how to use some of the powers I have. However, the people involved should NOT know what I am doing, and just think that we are just good friends of theirs. They should also be people that we do not currently know, as they might get suspicious of what we are doing.

Sarah Jane said, Good luck finding them. Between the two of us, we know almost every family in town.

The first day of school, was a half day. We had a welcoming assembly, and then got our class schedules. It was very hectic! Everyone was chasing around trying to find where their class rooms were, and then we all went home. The next day (Thursday) would be our first day of actual classes.

My schedule called for me to be in Biology for the first class of the day. I was seated, and just as the bell rang, someone from the office came in with a list of 5 people who were wanted in the office immediately. My name was on the list. We were told to bring our belongings with us.

There were quite a few kids there when we got there, and each of us was told to get in a certain line and wait for our turn to talk to a counselor. I was last in my line, so I had to wait for about an hour before I could go in. Once inside the councilors office, I noted that it was not my usual councilor. There was a lady behind the desk, and my councilor was a man. I said, There must be some mistake, my councilor is Mr. Lavine. The lady said, I am Mrs. Benson. Some students have had their councilors changed, and you are one of them. I asked, Why the change?

The school has had an influx of a large number of transfer students. The change was made so that I as a new councilor would have both new and old students in my group. Of the people who changed, I was given several of the top students, and you are the TOP in the school. That is one reason I held you for last. I wanted to see what the more average students were like before I met you.

While she was speaking, I looked around the room, and spotted a picture of her, a girl about my age, and two boys probably about 10. I asked if it was her family and she said it was. I then asked where her husband was, and she said that he had died as a marine in the middle east. I gave her my condolences, and said, You must be very proud of him. Being a marine is a tough, but important job. She answered, Yes we are very proud of him, but we miss him very much. Now lets get down to our task of changing your schedule.

While she was going over what we had to change and why, I was using part of my brain to scan hers. She was new to the area, and was normally a science teacher, but the only opening that they had was as a councilor, and she needed the job, so she took it. Her brain cells, seemed like they were all light up and I detected a slight interest that was not confined to my school work.

Once we had my schedule changed to something that I could agree with, I said, Mrs. Benson, tell me something about your daughter, she appears in the picture to be about my age, and I like the way she looks. She said, She is a year younger than you are. I would ask you to come to the house and talk with her, but I cannot do that because you are a student and I should not have you in my house. I replied, Mrs. Benson, I would beg to differ with you. As a teacher it would be improper for you to invite me to your home. However as a councilor, it would not be out of bounds to talk to me at your home, especially since your children would be present.

She answered, I will check with the principal and ask him for a ruling on that. If he agrees with you, I will be glad to introduce my daughter, and sons to you. If he disagrees with you, then the invitation will not be forthcoming. I said, Fair enough. And by the way, she is as beautiful as her mom. and I left the room.

I knew it would take her time to get up to speed on the people she was to council, so did not worry about not hearing from her. After three weeks, I began to think that she did not get permission to let me meet her daughter. However, that afternoon, I got a message to see her after my last class.

On reporting to her office, Mrs. Benson said, The principal agreed with your assessment of the situation, and said as long as I and/or my sons were there it would be all right for you to come our home. Would you like to come over on Saturday morning? I have talked to Sergeant about you and she said that it would be all right with her if you came to talk with her. I asked, Sergeant? That is a strange name for a girl. Mrs. Benson said, Her dad called her that, and it stuck. Her real name is Nancy. Oh I said, He must have thought she ruled the house then. No, he felt that she was a know it all, and that put her in the Sergeant class she stated.

I laughed and said, I guess that makes us about the same. My parents think I know everything. What time Saturday should I arrive? Anytime after 8AM. We should be finished with breakfast by then. The boys (twins) will also be going to their swimming lessons about 9. I said, Mrs. Benson, you are a doll, and thank you for the invitation. She smiled and said, Thank you for the complement, and I will see you on Saturday.

Walking Sarah Jane home that day, I said to her, I think I have found the perfect family to experiment with. She asked me, Who? I said, Have you met Mrs. Benson the new councilor? No, she answered. I said, She is my councilor, and she has a daughter a year older than you, and twin boys that are a year younger than you. She has obtained permission to have me at her home. I suggested that I wanted to get to know her daughter, and that got me in. Once I have met the family I will be able to start some experiments, and with twin boys, it will give me a great opportunity to make some changes in one and see how it works out. I will not make any permanent changes in any of them, because I will eventually take the changes out, unless there is a great BIG reason not to do so.

The big green Jealousy monster suddenly appeared in Sarah Jane's voice. I said to her, Sarah Jane, no need to be jealous of someone you don't know. Remember if it was not for you, I would not know that I had these powers. You are, if you don't know it, my girl friend. You know I love fucking all the ladies and girls, but you are the only one I have a great respect for. She said, Thank you Bob for telling me that, if I had been thinking, I would have know it already. I said, When the time is right, I will see about getting permission for you to be involved also.

Saturday morning, I was there at exactly 8AM. Mrs. Benson answered the door, and said, I said after 8AM, and you are exactly 15 seconds after. I guess you are eager to see Sergeant. I answered, Well it is not everyday that I get invited to see a lovely young lady, and her beautiful mother.

She answered, If you think flattery will get you anywhere, with me, think again. It just might work on Sergeant though. I kind of snickered, as I read her mind. She was kind of excited that someone of my age would use flattery as a way to get to her.

She invited me into the house, and led me to the living room, where Nancy or Sergeant was watching a video. She turned off the TV and said, Sergeant this is Bob. He wanted to meet you, and talk to you for a while. I said, I understand that you are called Sergeant, but your name is Nancy. Which do you prefer to be called? She thought for a moment, and said, You may call me Sarge. I said, Sarge, I am very happy to meet you. You are a very beautiful girl.

She blushed and I continued, I see that you take after your mom in the looks department. She looked at her mom and said, See there mom, someone else thinks you are beautiful. I just wish you would dress like you use to do for dad.

I said, Mrs. Benson, I think that if you don't mind, I could use a glass of water. Sarge said, I'll get it for you, and mom does he have to be so formal? Let him call you PC, like dad always did. She then went to get me the water. I said to Mrs. Benson, What does PC stand for? She said, My mom loved cats, and she named me Angora, which is a breed of cat. My Husband shortened it to PC to stand for pussy cat. Here in this house, and ONLY in this house you may call me PC. Any other place, you must call me Mrs. Benson.

I replied, PC it is then. And I will be careful to call you Mrs. Benson when not here. I do understand why, and I mean no disrespect by calling you PC. She said, All right then, it is settled. Now I will go get the twins, so you can meet them before they go to practice.

Sarge came back with the water, which I drank straight down. For some reason I was very thirsty. I told her that I would be calling her mom PC, and that she went to get the twins for me to meet before they go to practice. Sarge said, They are a little goofy, but not to bad, for little brothers.

PC and the twins came into the room, and she introduced them to me as Amos and Andy. I asked her, From the old, old radio show? She said, I am surprised that you would know about that show, but yes, their father did name them for that. I said, How do you tell them apart? They are absolutely identical. She said, After you get to know them, it is easy. They have distinctly different personalities.

She continued, I will be taking them to practice, and then going shopping. I will then go pick them up before I come home. Sergeant, is not to go out anywhere. So if you leave, make sure the doors are locked as you do. Other wise I will see you when we get back.

I said, PC, I will make sure that she is safe, and I did not have any intentions of going anywhere today. I just want to get to know her, and the rest of the family.

I sat and talked to Sarge, while I was probing her mind. I was not looking for anything in particular, so it was just a gentle probe to see how she thought. I did find one thing. She did not like to read, or do homework. It showed in her getting C- grades. I asked her Why do you get so low of grades? You seem smart enough to me, to be getting much better grades.

She said, I hate to read, it is so boring. I asked her, Isn't there something that you are interested in, that you could read about? She answered, Only ScFi, and I get to see most of the ScFi movies that come out. I replied, That's great, but if you read the books, they are usually much better than the movies. You should start reading them. I'll bet you would enjoy reading them. 

She asked, What do you read, besides text books? I answered, A few years ago, I got interested in hypnotism, and started reading everything I could find on the subject. About a year ago, I hypnotized my first person. I can now hypnotize almost anyone. I learned that just by reading.

Sarge said, I wish I could do something like that. It might get mom off of my back. I said, I can try to hypnotize you and see if it could help you do something like that, if you would like. She said, Can you really hypnotize someone? I replied, So far I have only found one person I could not hypnotize, so we can try if you like.

She said, It is worth a try. What do you need for me to do? Just shut off the TV, we are not watching it anyway. Close the drapes so that it is not so bright in the room, and sit on the couch. When she had done these things, I said, Sit next to me, and concentrate on my voice. Other than that, you have to do nothing.

I began one of my hypnotic routines, and in about a minute, she was asleep waiting for my instructions. I found a place in her brain that I could use to change her liking to read, and instilled a desire to learn and to read everyday. I then did some looking around, and decided to give her a curiosity about her brothers, and a desire to see them (with out them knowing it) undressed. I wanted to see just how far she would go in that direction. I also had her show me her tits, and I played with them for a few minutes before I had her put her bra and blouse back on. I then had her wake up.

Sarge said, I must have fallen asleep. I hope I did not miss anything, or did you just give up on me? I answered, No I did not give up on you. I think that in the next few days, you will be reading a lot more and retaining what you read and hear. Your teachers will be amazed at your improvement.

We sat and talked about school work for a little while, and then PC and the boys came back. PC asked, What have you been doing? No mischief, I hope. Sarge replied, Bob hypnotized me, and thinks that I will now do better in school. I sure hope he is right. We will see said PC. Bob, will you come with me, I want to talk to you in private? From the tone of her voice, I could tell it was a command, and not a request, so I said, Lead on.

PC lead me to her bedroom, and closed the door after we entered. She said, I want to talk to you about this nonsense of hypnotizing Nancy. I said, PC, it is not nonsense. I can hypnotize almost anyone. So far, I have only found one person that I could not. If you would like, I can see if I can put you under, and then you will know I am telling the truth.

She said, And just how to you propose to do it, and how would I know what you had me do or say if I were to actually be hypnotized? I answered, if you have a video camera, we can set it up and record everything that we do and say, then when I bring you out of the trance, you can watch the tape and see just what we did.

She said, I do not think that you can do it, so yes I will get the camera, and it will prove that you are lying. I replied, Get the camera, and we will see what happens. There are some people that cannot be hypnotized, but I do not think that you are one of them.

PC went to find the camera, and came back with it and a tripod. She asked, Where do you want me to be? I need to know so I can set the camera to catch what is going on. I said, Place it where you can get that love seat totally in the picture. We will sit on it, after you pull the shades down and turn off the lights. This works better in a low light setting. Are you sure that you are not trying to seduce me? I answered, If I were, I would have had you on the bed, but then maybe next time as I gave a low laugh. She said, In your dreams!!!

Once the camera was set up, she lowered the light, but made sure that there was enough light for the camera to get good pictures. She then started the camera, and sat on the loveseat. I sat down beside her, and said, Just listen to the tone of my voice. Concentrate on what I am saying, and how I am saying it. I then started on of the 'I can't be hypnotized' routines. It took about 3 minutes before I was sure that she was 'under'.

I asked her to tell me her name, and she said, My name is Angora Benson, but most people call me PC. I then asked, How many children do you have, and what is their names? She answered, I have 3 kids, Nancy, and the twins, Amos and Andy.

I then asked, How old are you. She answered, 33. Where is your husband? He was a Marine, and died in the middle east, two years ago. At this point, I decided to go for broke, and said, PC, it is near bed time, you should take off your blouse and bra. She stood up and proceeded to unbutton her blouse, and pulled it out of her skirt. She then took it to the closet and hung it on a hangar. Returning, she reached behind her and unhooked her bra, then removed it and put it on the chair beside the bed. I then told her to set back on the loveseat, which she did. I said to her, Pretend that I am you late husband, and tell me what you want me to do to you.

She said, Jack, I need you to fuck me, but please play with my tits, It will help me get ready for your cock to enter my pussy. When you play with them, I get so wet that you can slide into me very easily. I then started kissing her nipples, and squeezing her breasts. I played with her tits for about 5 minutes, and then said, PC, when I clap my hands, you will wake up. I then clapped my hands, and PC came awake, and said, See, I told you that you were faking.

I said, PC, look at yourself, before you say anything more. She looked down and saw that her tits were wet and her blouse and bra were gone. She got red in the face, and I said, PC, if I were a scoundrel I would have raped you, and I am sure I would have enjoyed it. Now lets rewind the tape, and you will see just what happened while you were hypnotized.

She started looking for her bra and blouse, and I said, You hung your blouse on a hangar and put it in the closet. You bra, you laid on a chair on the other side of the bed. By the way, You have a very nice set of tits, and your nipples are divine.

She looked at me in frustration, and said, Since you have already been sucking my nipples, I guess it it a little late to hide them from you. Lets watch the tape on the tv down stairs. I said, Do you want the kids to see what I was doing with you? She said, Good point. I will set it up on this tv.

Once she had the tape loaded, we watched the tape, and she said, I cannot believe that I willingly took off my blouse and bra in front of you and acted like it was normal. I also do not understand why I said some of the things on the tape that I did. Please do not say anything to the kids, nor anyone else, PLEASE.

I said, Mrs. Benson, I am not that kind of a person. This is just between you and me. However, I would like to become a regular visitor here. I like Sarge, and I would like to get to know Amos and Andy. I would also like to get to know you better. Remember, I had to have you do something that you would not have willingly done, had you not been hypnotized. If I had been the kind of person that you were expecting me to be, I would not have stopped where I did. I am a normal guy, and to see you nude would have been very exciting for me. However if I had done that, you would have thrown me out of the house and never aloud me to come back.

PC said, Bob, every thing you just said sounded very sincere. I appreciate it that you stopped where you did. There has been no harm done, and you can still call me PC here. You may come back anytime. Now, did you really do something that will make Nancy do better in school?

Yes, I think you will see a big change in her study habits, and grades. I want to monitor her progress to see just where I might tweak her to do better. It is about time for me to leave, so I will go say good by to Sarge, and the boys, before I go.

PC started following me out, and I said, PC, I love seeing your tits, but are you going to let the boys and Sarge see them also? She pulled me to her and kissed me on the mouth and said, A stranger has seen them and sucked them, so I guess my family might as well see them. Just don't say anything or I could loose my job.

PC, I do not kiss and tell. What happens in this house, stays in this house. I then said goodby to the boys and Sarge, while all three of them stared at PC's tits. She said, I will explain to them after you are gone. Come back any weekend.

Upon leaving, I headed toward Sarah Jane's home. The door was not locked, so I let myself in, and removed my clothing. I then headed for E's bedroom. E was laid out on the top of her bed, nude as usual. I entered, and walked over to her. She looked up and smiled at me. I bent down and kissed her very pregnant stomach, and said, Kids, daddy is here. Then I bent further down and kissed her pussy. She said, Bob, you sure know how to make me feel great.

I said, I think I have a problem with Sarah Jane, and I wanted to talk to you about it. What is the problem? she asked. I replied, I have detected some of the little green eyed monster in her lately. I think it is unwarranted, but maybe as her mom, you might be able to help me to understand what her problem is.

Don't forget that she is a couple of years younger than you, and she still sees things more as a child than as an adult, or even as a teen aged girl. Still, I will talk to her and see if I can find out what is going on. In the mean time, why don't you got to Bobby Sues room and talk to her. I will go there when I finish talking to SJ.

I went to see Bobby Sue, and she was happy to see me. Since she was being home schooled, so no one would know that she is pregnant, she was starved for company, that was not family. She was setting in an easy chair, reading when I entered her room. She started to get up, and I said, No, Bobby Sue, just set. I will come to you. When I reached her chair, she said, Bob, I am so glad to see someone besides my family. Thank you for coming. 

I replied, I am glad to be appreciated. How are you doing, with the pregnancy, and with your school work? She said, Sarah Jane is very jealous of my big tits Hers are about the size of a small orange now. I leaned over and kissed her on each nipple, and she said, You can suck on them if you want, I am anxious to know how it will feel when the baby starts sucking them. I said, I would love to, but I will have to make it quick. You mom will be here and maybe SJ will be with her, very soon. With that, I sucked on each of her nipples for a couple of minutes, and then I also kissed her pussy. She was smiling like she was trying to light up Times Square.

I pulled up a chair and sat next to her. I asked, Do you have any feelings about which one of us knocked you up? She frowned, and said, No, but I sure hope it was you. It would be great knowing that you not only knocked me up, but mom as well. However, SJ would like to think that it was someone else, that did both mom and me, but we know for sure that you did knock mom up.

A few minutes later, there was a soft knock on the door, and then it slowly opened. E, and SJ entered. E said, Bob, SJ has something to say, but would rather it be with just the two of you. I looked at SJ and said, SJ, I have no secrets from your family, just say what you want to say. I will listen to anything you say before I make any comment.

Sarah Jane looked at Bobby Sue, and said, Ok, but I hope what I say does not upset her, or mom. I said, If it does, I will take full responsibility for that. However, I cannot see that what you are going to say should bother them at all, but possibly might bother me.

She continued, Ok, then here it is. I thought that you and I had a very special relationship. You have gotten mom pregnant, and might even be the father of Bobby Sues child. Yet here I am, without being pregnant. It appears to me that you don't want me to get pregnant, and I want your child very badly.

I looked at her and then said, You really want to drop out of school, just to have my baby? I do not think that is a wise move. I will say this, If you want it that badly, you will have to convince you mom and dad of it. If they tell me it is all right for you to get pregnant, then I will fuck you every day until you are. While I like getting women pregnant, I have special feelings for you that make me want to wait, until you are out of school. E, will you say what you feel about this?

E thought for a few minutes, and said, SJ, Bob is right. You should finish your education first. However, if you can convince you father, then I will go along with it, but you will have to be very sure. Talk to your sister, about some of the things that go along with pregnancy, before you make up your mind, and before you talk to you father.

I said, Another thing you should consider, is that with the ACS group, I will always be fucking other women, including your mom, and sister. I will not become your exclusive cock hound. I have a feeling that my working with Mrs. Benson and her family is part of what has you feeling left out. Be aware that I am trying to bring that family into the ACS. And just so that you know, as of yet, I have not fucked anyone in that family. However it is just a matter of a few weeks at most, until I do. I also fully expect that if I do get you pregnant, that when the baby is old enough, it will also be included, just as I expect you mom's twins, and your sisters child to be added at the appropriate time.

E then said, SJ, I think you should go to your room and think about what Bob has said, before you make the decision to ask/not ask your father about it.

I said, Listen to you mom. If you want, I will stay here until you have decided what way you are going to go. SJ, said, Please stay. I will let you know before you leave the house what we are going to do. She then left the room. 

Bobby Sue said, You know that she is very much in love with you! I think I know you well enough to believe that you will do what ever she decides. I just hope that she decides to wait until she graduates.

I said to myself, SJ, I know that you are reading my mind. I want you to know that I really do have special feelings for you, and I want to wait until we can do things the way most people do. As I said, I will abide by your decision, but I beg you to wait until after you graduate. Or maybe I should say that I want to see you graduate with a very large belly and tits that will poke my eyes out.

I then asked E, Have you said anything to George about how you could get pregnant, since he told you that you had a problem, and then he got the Vasectomy? She answered, He told me that he was afraid I would have a boy, and then I would be fucking the kid. He wanted to fuck the girls, but would have been jealous of the boy(s). I asked him how he felt about me having your kids, and he said that he had gotten over his hang up, and he is glad that I am going to have more kids, and that he is happy that they will be yours. I also told him that when ever I feel like it, I will be going out with other men. He agreed, and said, since we are in the ACS group, I guess we both will be seeing others, both at meetings and other places. I then said, You are saying then that we have an open marriage? He said, yes, as long as we both come back here afterward, no going off for a few days. Overnight is all right though, for both of us.

While E was answering, I put up a mental shield so that SJ could not read my mind, and then I also tried to put up on on E and Bobby Sue. I wanted to say some things to them, without SJ knowing. I was not sure that it would work, but I had to see.

After the shields? Were up, I said to E, Is it ok if I take SJ home with me, and have her spend the night? I will see that she is home in time to get ready for school on Monday morning. E said, If she wants to go with you, you have my permission to take her. But I think you should bring her home Sunday night, so that she can get her things and go to school like normal. You are welcome to spend Sunday night with her here, or with me or Bobby Joe as you like. If she agrees, then I will bring her home when she wants to come, be it Sunday night or Monday morning.

I then took down all the shields, and said (in my mind) SJ please come back down and talk with us. I looked at E, and said, I think that Sarah Jane will be down shortly. E then asked me, How would you know that? I replied, It is just a hunch that I have.

SJ came down a few minutes later, and said, I want to apologize to Bob, Bobby Sue, and to you, mom, for my earlier outburst. I have just been letting my imagination get the better of me. Please forgive me. E said, You do not owe me or Bobby Joe an apology, but you definitely need to apologize to Bob. Sarah Jane said, Bob, please forgive me, I know I was wrong, and I do not want to alienate you.

I replied, Thank you for the apology, altho it was not really necessary. I now have a question for you. How would you like to go home with me, and spend the day tomorrow at my house. I will bring you back Sunday night, or Monday morning, as you wish, so that you have time to get ready for school.

Sarah Jane, started jumping up and down, and said, You can bring me back after school on Monday, I will take what I need for school, and that will give me an excuse to go back to your house after school, to pick up my clothing. With that she came over and kissed me. I asked E, Is that acceptable with you? She answered, If it is all right with you and your parents. No problem, I answered.

SJ got her things together, and we left for my house. On the way, SJ said, Bob, do not think I am complaining, but there was a brief time at home that I could not read your mind, and mom or Bobby Sue. Am I loosing my ability? I answered, No, you are not loosing your ability. I was testing to see if I could shield someone else's mind from being read. Apparently I succeed. I shielded E and Bobby Sue for a short time, just for the test. That is when I asked if you could go with me.

I have always known that your powers exceed those of mine, but you amaze me sometimes with what you can do. You are getting more powerful as you learn about what you can do

I said, Now as to Mrs. Benson and family, I will tell you that eventually they will be part of the ACS group. I have already started sowing the seeds. I started with Nancy (Sarge), she will start going nude at home. When her mom complains, she will do what she has to do, but will be nude again a little later. Since she has two brothers, they will probably follow her lead. I will be going back next Saturday, and see how things are going. So far, I have not done anything to Mrs. Benson, nor the boys. I figure the boys seeing their older sister nude, will get them started doing the same thing, once Mrs. Benson gives up the battle. Sarah Jane, said, You mean PC, don't you? I said, Yes but for now it is a name I can only use at their house.

Also anything I do to them, or have them do, must not get out in the open. We do not want Mrs. Benson to loose her job.

At home, mom and dad were watching an old tv show. I told them that Sarah Jane was going to be here all day tomorrow, and would come back after school to pick up her other clothing. Mom said with a smile, Sarah Jane, If you do not look out, this boy will have you pregnant. SJ said, No, he has refused to do that already, so I will have to wait about 3 more years. Mom looked at her and said, Good for the two of you. Finish your education first. Dad just sat there and smiled, remembering when he had fucked SJ at the last ACS meeting.

I said, We will put her things in my closet. Then I think that I will take a shower, and go to bed. SJ you can stay here with mom and dad for a while, or go with me. She said, You probably need me to wash your back and things, so I will go with you. Dad said, You two behave yourselves in the shower, Don't fall over and break something. He was laughing as he said it.

I adjusted the shower to the right temp., and got in, pulling SJ with me. Once under the spray, I started kissing her. My cock was rubbing against her slit. After a few minutes, I turned her around and started soaping her back. Once I had her back fully soaped, I reached around her and started soaping her chest. I noticed that her nipples were larger than they had been, and her apple sized tits, were now about the size of a small grapefruit I asked, Are your tits growing again? She said, I think so, they are a little sore, and seem to be bigger than they were a couple of days ago.

I continued soaping her down her stomach and to her pussy. I rubbed her clit with soap, and then the inside of her slit. She was squirming while I did that, then I continued down to her feet. I then turned her around and said, Your turn to soap me. I handed her the soap.

Since I was facing her, she started with my chest, and when she got down to my cock, she got on her knees, and began giving me a blow job. Shortly before I was ready to blow, I took hold of her head and started fucking her face. I got pretty rough, and was forcing my cock down her throat. When I was ready to cum, I made her deep throat me and kept my cock in her throat until I had finished cumming. She could hardly talk for a few minutes. She said, a short time later, That is the first time you have forced me, and I liked it. From now on, make me deep throat you when I give you blow jobs.

We continued washing each other. When it was time for me to rinse her pussy, I took my cock and rubbed it against the soap in her slit, and then started pushing the head into her. Once I got my cock buried in her, I lifter her legs and had her put them around me and locked her ankles together. She had her arms around my neck, holding us close. I put my hands under her ass, and grabbed her ass cheeks, and used them to pull her on and off of my cock. She kissed me and said, You never cease to amaze me with different positions. No wonder I love you so much. I answered, I love your willingness to do anything that I want. You are a great fuck.

Once we had finished in the shower, we dried each other off, and then went down stairs, hand in hand. As we entered the living room, mom said, We know you had fun in the shower, and so do all the neighbors. Try to tone down somewhat, the neighbors do not need to know what you two are doing. Dad laughed, and said, Well might as well let them know, sooner or later they will figure it out anyway.

We sat and talked to mom and dad until bedtime. Once in my room, Sarah Jane said,Please forgive me for the way I have been acting the past few days. I know I was wrong. I will try to make it up to you, by making myself your slave. From now on, I will do as you say, without question, and I will also get a slave collar to wear. I said, Don't do or say anything that you might regret later. Sleep on what you have just said, and see how you feel later.

SJ then kissed me and said, You will be a wonderful master for me, I just know it. She laid on the bed, and I laid down beside her, with my head at her feet. I said, It is 69 time. She said, I don't understand. Just suck my cock and open your legs. I am going to eat your pussy while you suck my cock. That is called the 69 position. She answered, Yes master.

On Monday, I walked SJ home after school. E was in the living room when we came in. She said to me, How come you don't have a car? It would save you legs a lot of wear. I answered, Several reasons, starting with I like to walk, I do not have a job, so I can not afford to buy a car, and third, my dad does not have enough to buy one for me. E said, Those are pretty good reasons. Do you have a drivers license? I answered, Yes, I do drive dad's car now and then.

E then said, How about if I loan you my car? I cannot drive it for some time, and it might as well be used by someone. I replied, I would not ask that of you. If I have an accident, I could not afford to get it fixed. She answered, It is fully insured, so that is not a problem. I replied, That's fine, but I would not feel right doing so. She then said, How about I let you take it when you and SJ are going somewhere? Then you could take her to the Drive In movies, or other places that the two of you want to go. I said, That would be very kind of you, and I will think about it. E then said, It is not kindness, I do not want my daughter to have to walk everywhere, and the father of my twins should be driving, and not walking.

About that time, George came in, and said, I heard part of that conversation, and I agree with E. I will not take no for an answer. That car is yours, until E says she wants it back. With that, he threw his set of keys to her car at me. I threw them back at him and said, I cannot afford to even buy gas for the car, so I cannot use it. George then threw the keys back at me and said, All gas and maintenance on the car will be done at Kelleys Service station. It will be put on my bill. Now no more of this nonsense. I said, I will never be able to repay you for this. E said, No one is asking you to. We are giving you because we like you, and consider you part of the family.

I just shook my head and said, I really do not deserve friends like you. I do appreciate what you are doing for me, and I know it is because I like Sarah Jane. E said, SJ has nothing to do with this, except as your girlfriend. We would have done it for you anyway. You will be the father of my twins, and I want you to look good, even thought no one but those of us here will ever know. I owe it to you for what you have done for me.

Almost every Saturday, SJ and I would go to see Sarge and her family. I had SJ working with the boys, getting them ready to start fucking their mom and sister. Meanwhile, I was working with Sarge and PC. With Sarge I was slowly getting her to be nude at home even thought her mom did not like it. I also told SJ to start teaching the boys to be nude at home. I tried not to make any adjustments to PC's mind, hoping that the influence of her children would change her.

The Saturday before Christmas, when SJ and I arrived at the Benson home, we were pleasantly surprised to see the whole family nude. I looked at PC and said, What gives? Everyone is nude this morning. She smiled and said, I cannot seam to counteract what you and Sarah Jane have been teaching the kids, so I opted to join them. Now I want you to tell me why you have been doing this.

Sarah Jane said, PC, there are a couple of reasons that we did this. First, We believe that your family will benefit from this experience. PC said, Benefit? In what way? SJ said, By breaking down some ridiculous taboos you will enjoy your family more, and the second reason is because we want your family to join the ACS group.

PC asked, I have heard rumors about an organization called the ACS group, but know nothing about it. Also, what taboo's are you talking about? I answered, PC the taboo's are that nudity is bad, and harmful, and that incest is bad for everyone involved. I will go into that some more a little later. The ACS group is Adult, Child, Swingers group. PC got red in the face and seemed to have lost her voice.

I continued. Loving your family members, with sex, is NOT harmful to them, as long as it is consensual, which is what we believe we are teaching your kids. Your boys should be allowed to fuck Sarge, and yourself, and everyone enjoy it. You should not repress their feelings for you or their sister. Also you and they should be able to express their feelings with other of like mind, which is the ACS group.

I never have hear about such a group before, said PC. I said to her, There are several of your other students that are in the group, and while I cannot tell you who they are, I will say that you know a few of the parents that belong to the group. She asked me, Why are you interested in my family joining? Because, I detect that you could use the distraction of being fucked. You seem to be out of sorts, and I think it is because you are horny. I would love to take care of that problem for you, but it has to be your decision. SJ would help with your boys, and I will also help with Sarge.

PC said, I take it that your and Sarah Jane's parents are also involved? Yes, I said, My father, myself and one other man is on the board of directors. Since I am, I have the ability to accept or reject a family that might want to join. PC then asked, What are the rules? And what would we have to do if we join?

I replied, There are 10 rules, more may be added later, but to date we have not had to add to the originals. These are the rules


1. Membership.. A father and daughter, A mother and son, a couple with one or more children. All children must be at minimum 6 years and one day.

2. All sex will be heterosexual.

3. All sex will be consensual.

4. At all meetings, the first thing, everyone will get nude.

5. Boys who are still to young to get hard on's will be given oral sex, and taught how to give oral sex to the girls/women.

6. Birth control will be the responsibility of the parent(s) for their children and women.

7. NO condoms. They are a mess to police up, and they are not fool proof to stop pregnancys.

8. NO one is invited to the group without the consent of at least 2 of the 3 board members.

9. No one outside of the members are to know of our existence.

10. At meetings, there will be no incest. At home we encourage it, but at meetings, you should be with other people, otherwise it would be just family groups doing themselves, which they could do at home anyway.

Like I said, we may add more later, but for now these are working very well.

Sarah Jane said, If you really want to join, I suggest that you ask Bob to fuck you here in front of your family. That way, they will know that you are serious.

PC said, I thought you were Bob's girlfriend. Yet you tell me I need to ask him to fuck me? And if I do, are you going to get jealous? SJ replied, I am indeed his girlfriend, and NO I will not get jealous watching him fuck you. I will probably be teaching one of the boys to fuck me. I also suggest that you have Bob take Sarge's virginity as well.

PC said, You are right, I am horny as hell. Bob will you fuck me here in front of my family? I answered, Yes, and I will also take Sarge's cherry a little later. Sarge spoke up and said, Don't I get anything to say about this arrangement? PC said, Yes, say what you want to. It might possibly change my mind. Sarge said, Thank you, mom. Bob, please take my cherry before you fuck mom. That way she will not be able to change her mind, and Sarah Jane, you should start teaching my brothers, so they will know what to do with mom and me later.

That afternoon, I fucked all three girls, and SJ, PC and Sarge were also fucked by both boys. I then said to PC and family, You are now members of the ACS group. Remember, no one must know that you are members, and you cannot tell anyone who the other members are. PC, I will tell you that SJ's parents are both Doctors. Her father is head of the pediatrics department at the hospital, and her mom is on maternity leave from the same unit. You will meet the rest of the group, which includes my mom and dad at the meeting next weekend.

PC said, I may need the services of SJ's parents, as today was my optimum time to conceive. Since both boys are not yet producing sperm, Bob, you may be a father. I said, PC, Welcome to the group. SJ's mom is pregnant with my twins, Her sister may or may not be having my child. And at least two others in the group have or are pregnant with my kids. I Sincerely hope you are. I love to get ladies pregnant. In my way of thinking, there is nothing prettier, than a pregnant lady.

PC said, Are you sure that you are not my late husband? You and he seemed to have the same way of looking at things.



Comments and Suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com 
