Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 17.1

Melanie realized that Reese had followed her to her room straight after dinner.

“Oh, hi Reese,” Melanie said. “Come in.”

“Hi Melanie. Are you okay?” Reese asked, coming in and closing the door.

“Yes,” she said, averting her eyes.

“I was thinking, I liked your choice of clothes this morning, but you’d look better in something more elegant than a shirt. Like a chemise. Do you have a chemise?”

“Yes.” Blushing.

“Ah, good. A chemise is much better than a shirt. Or a baby-doll.”

“I don’t know if I can wear such things outside of my own room.”

“Wearing a chemise is about feeling good about yourself. Feeling the soft fabric on your skin. Can I see what you have?”

Melanie went to her closet and searched for her white satin chemise. She took out the loose-fitting undergarment and showed it to Reese.

“That’s pretty. But with your blonde hair and blue eyes, you want something with a little more contrast. Could you model it for me?”

“Put it on? Right now?”

Reese nodded, smiling at her.

Melanie thought about it, but even after that morning’s events, she didn’t feel comfortable doing that, and she shook her head.

“Too much to ask?” Reese had that quiet smile again. “Just hold it up for me.”

Melanie did as she was asked.

“Yes, rose, or aqua will look nice on you. Size S, I think. M will fit you too, but S is better. You did some tanning, but it’s fading. With the tan, you can make the white satin work wonders. Especially with your hair. Are you a natural blonde?” Reese asked as she ran her fingers through Melanie’s shoulder-length sleek hair. “I could not tell since you lack any pubic hair. Do you shave or wax?”

“I… how can you talk about that so casually?” Melanie was stunned.

“Sorry, you don’t need to answer. I’m simply curious,” Reese said with her gentle smile, still touching Melanie’s hair.

Melanie felt tingles running down her back. Reese’s gentle touch of her hair was making her feel relaxed. “I don’t shave,” she said, turning away from Reese and looking down.

“Could you let me see it again?” Reese asked as she ran her hand down the middle of Melanie’s back, intensifying the tingles.

“I don’t know,” Melanie said.

“You know I already saw everything; I just want a closer look.”

As relaxed as Melanie was feeling, she saw nothing wrong with giving Reese another look. Turning back to Reese, she unbuttoned her jeans. Seeing the smile on Reese’s face, she pushed down her jeans and panties to expose just her smooth mound.

Reese dropped to her knees close to Melanie, and asked, “could you lift your blouse a little?”

Though she knew her blouse only came down to her lower abdomen, Melanie pulled the hem up to her belly button.

“No, I don’t see any stubble. It must feel nice when you’re masturbating,” Reese said, and then looked up, “Is this embarrassing?”

“Yes,” Melanie admitted, trying her best to keep her hands from pulling her clothes back into place.

“I see just a few tiny hairs,” Reese said. “You may have to take a look at it again.”

Melanie looked down to see where Reese was looking, and asked, “Where?”

“I… ah… here,” Reese said, pointing. “Can I inspect the rest as well?”

Melanie tensed. She felt herself getting excited by this whole ordeal, but also intrigued by Reese’s supposed or pretended willingness to help inspect her grooming. After considering it for a moment, she pushed her jeans and panties down to her knees. She then pulled her blouse up again.

“Thank you,” Reese said, as she looked again, licking her lips, and turning her head this way and that. She seemed to be performing a thorough inspection.

Melanie was amazed she had let Reese talk her into this, while just ten minutes ago she had refused to model her chemise for her. Somehow, Reese had a calming, relaxing effect on her, only looking, not touching.

“The hairs are few and tiny, barely visible, but it does look like they might be blonde, only slightly darker than your hair. I take it you remove them regularly.”

“Yes,” Melanie said, embarrassed that Reese was looking at her pussy that closely. She looked down at Reese’s fingers mere inches away from her skin. “I will do it tomorrow,” she said as she repositioned her feet for balance.

“You, ah… might be more comfortable if you take off the pants,” Reese suggested. When Melanie didn’t respond, she placed her hands on Melanie’s jeans and asked, “May I?”

Melanie knew she should put a stop to it, the inspection was over. However, she felt lightheaded, a passenger along for an enjoyable ride. It was almost the same feeling as that time in the field when Josy had pulled down her panties. She nodded.

Reese started pulling her jeans down and soon they were around her ankles. As Melanie lifted first one foot and then the next, Reese pulled her jeans and panties off her feet. “There are those beautiful legs again,” Reese said, though she was mostly looking at Melanie’s pussy.

“What about your girlfriend?” Melanie asked.

“Ah, why did you have to remind me?” Reese said, but then she giggled. “No, you’re right. I’m a bad girl. Next time I definitely deserve…”

“What? You deserve what?” Melanie didn’t know what Reese was talking about.

“Ah… please forget I said that,” Reese blushed looking down. After a moment she looked up again and continued, “I should go, but maybe one more look?”

Melanie stood there, naked from the waist down, as Reese kept looking at her. Again, Reese reached out with her fingers, nearly touching her.

“You’re wet,” Reese said.

Melanie blushed. Although she wasn’t surprised, it was too much to hear Reese say it. She turned away and picked up her discarded panties to put them on again.

“You’re amazing, Mel. You’ll make a girl very happy someday,” Reese said behind her.

“I’m not a lesbian,” Melanie said, still unable to turn around and face her.

“Well, at the very least you’re bi,” Reese whispered, touching Melanie’s back between her shoulder blades, triggering another set of tingles. She then added, “Or am I reading this wrong?”

Melanie heard Reese open and close her door as she left, leaving Melanie standing there, pondering Reese’s words.


Discovering Melanie Ch. 17.2

Monday morning, Melanie dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved blouse. She and Josy walked to college together, and she noticed Josy looked a bit more tired than a usual Monday morning. Perhaps Josy had some trouble sleeping.

“Do you think these jeans fit me well?” Melanie asked as they stood at a red light to cross the street. She hoped to brighten Josy’s mood.

Josy stepped away to take a good look. “Passable,” Josy said.

“Gee, thanks.”

“You asked, you get an honest answer,” Josy grinned.

Melanie saw the light change. “Then do you have a suggestion for tomorrow?” she asked playfully as they crossed, turning her head to see how Josy would react.

“Just panties,” Josy said, smiling.

“Har har, it’s too cold for that.”

Josy laughed. “We’ll save that for the summer then.”

Melanie laughed as well, while imagining walking around college in just panties. She almost asked Josy what sort of panties she had in mind.

When she got to class, Brian, Sarah, and Cohen were already waiting outside.

“Hi guys,” Melanie said, nudging Sarah.

“Hey Melanie. Did you have a nice weekend?” Sarah asked.

“Yes, it was good. I visited my parents Saturday. And you?”

Sarah talked about seeing her boyfriend on the weekend. It was interesting to learn more about him.

Brian looked at Melanie. “I wasn’t sure if you wanted to go running today.”

Melanie smiled. “Oh, right. Let’s go tomorrow?”

“Okay,” he said, looking away.

Was his mind still on what they did Saturday, Melanie wondered? They went into the classroom, Brian and Melanie sitting next to each other, as usual.

Partway through the class, Melanie felt Brian poking her right arm with his finger. She looked at him and raised her eyebrows as if to say, ‘what is it’.

With clear purpose he moved his right arm closer to her, and then touched her upper arm through her blouse with his index finger. She looked down at his finger, but otherwise didn’t react to it. Then he ran his finger gently down the side of her arm. It tickled a little. Past the elbow joint, over her wrist, he continued over her hand. She didn’t hear what the teacher was saying anymore. Her attention was fully captured by that finger as it traced its way over her hand, going down her pinky finger.

Melanie was sensitive to light touches of her skin. Brian doing that here in class was highly distracting, but not an unpleasant feeling. Why did he do that, she wondered? She typed a sentence in her notes, ‘what are you 12?’ and turned her laptop to face him.

He read it and grinned.

It seemed childish to touch her like that during class. Did he know how much those touches affected her? How could he know? Looking back at the teacher, it was obvious she had missed some of the subject matter due to his little trick. However, she wasn’t mad at him, simply confused.

Well, two can play at that game, she thought. After waiting a few minutes, she leaned forward a little, resting on her left elbow. Brian had both his arms on the desk, and she reached out with her right hand, touching the outside of his leg. To her amusement, she felt him jump at the touch, and ran her nails over his jeans. However, her joy was short lived as he seemed otherwise unphased and looked to be still paying attention to the lesson.

After running her nails up and down his leg and getting no reaction, she knew she had to up the ante. She placed her hand on top of his leg, fingers pointed inward, and started rubbing his leg. Still not getting any reaction from him, she moved her hand up and down his leg a few more times, but then gave up. Frustrated by his lack of reaction, she retreated her hand, and sat back up again.

She glared at him, but he didn’t react to that either.

Not long after, class was over, and they went to their next class. She avoided looking at him and they didn’t speak, but they still sat next to each other again.

Partway through this class, Brian tried the same thing as before, tracing his finger along her arm, but this time she was better at pretending to ignore it. She was enjoying his light touches but was able to stay focused on the lesson.

At lunch, Sarah and Cohen asked Melanie how she is feeling.

“I’m fine, why?” Melanie asked, wondering if they saw what Brian did during class.

“You said you weren’t feeling well Friday at the party.” Sarah said.

Cohen laughed. “Actually, Brian said that.”

“Oh yeah, I’m feeling better,” Melanie said, hoping they wouldn’t dig too much into what happened Friday.

Brian sat up. “It was too warm there, and she was a bit dehydrated,” he said. “Josy took her home.”

Melanie was thankful that, just like Friday, Brian was quick on his feet when it came to think of an excuse.

“Ah,” Sarah said, looking skeptical, shifting her eyes between Brian and Melanie. “Are you going to tell us what was up last week? You avoid each other like the plague, and after we had you sit down to talk it out, you’re all over each other at the party.”

“We weren’t all over each other. We barely talked,” Melanie said. It was true, for most of the party, she hadn’t interacted with Brian much. Only later, they had gone to have their talk in the bathroom.

“Oh really,” Sarah smiled. “This girl talked about someone fitting your dress and description slow-dancing with a guy fitting Brian’s description in the bathroom.”

Melanie noticed that Brian had retreated into his shell. Why is HE embarrassed about that? He wasn’t the one who got sandwiched in that bathroom. She also worried that someone saw Josy enter the bathroom, or saw the three of them there, or what they did.

“We had one dance, that’s true. So what?” Melanie felt she had to defend herself.

“Nothing wrong with that,” Sarah said, still smiling as if she knew more than she let on. “We just wanted to know what was going on. Inquisitive minds want to know.”

“Yes, we had an argument last weekend, and we should have handled it better,” Melanie said, then winked at Sarah as she said, “I blame Brian.”

“What? Me?”

Sarah laughed, while Brian glared at Melanie, making her laugh as well.

Cohen patted Brian on the shoulder in a friendly manner only guys can pull off.

Melanie was glad the situation had been defused, and they hadn’t asked about Josy at all. Perhaps no one had seen the three of them together. At the time, Melanie had been too distracted to think about it.

In the afternoon, Melanie asked Sarah if she could look over her notes just in case she had missed anything important that morning.

*****

At the end of the day, Josy and Melanie walked home together. Melanie asked Josy how she was doing today.

Josy yawned. “I wasn’t able to sleep last night.”

This worried Melanie. “You could have messaged me.”

Josy hesitated. “Is it too much… Can I…”

“Of course, Josy, but I think it’s better if I come to your place. My bed is too small,” Melanie said, wishing she had a bigger bed.

“It kind of is… Thank you Mel.”

“Oh, I do need to get up early tomorrow… morning run.”

“That’s okay.”

*****

That evening shortly after 11, Melanie put on her running outfit and went to Josy’s, figuring it made more sense to go straight out from Josy’s in the morning.

Josy opened the door for her to let her in. She was already in her sleepwear and quickly went back to her room as Melanie followed.

Josy was already back under the covers while Melanie was taking off her runner’s outfit, but soon Melanie slipped under the covers as well.

“Your feet are cold!” Josy exclaimed.

“And yours are nice and warm. Don’t mind me,” Melanie said as she moved over to the warm side of the bed, pressing herself against Josy’s back, spooning her.

Josy yelped, and said, “this wasn’t part of the deal, Mel!”

“It’s your fault for making me sleep nude,” Melanie said, wondering if Josy could feel her nipples pressing into her back.

“I didn’t make you.”

“It’s your rule, remember?”

“Oh right,” Josy giggled.

Melanie was quickly warming up, gently sliding her restless legs against Josy’s, skin against skin. “Do you want to hear something funny?”

“Sure.”

Melanie explained how she had gone to the common room Sunday after Josy left, just as Josy had suggested. She told her how Reese had found her there. After some hesitation, she told Josy exactly what had happened.

“You just lifted your legs up, showing her your pussy like that?”

“Uh huh,” Melanie said, moving her hips a little at the memory. She hoped Josy wouldn’t notice, despite their close contact.

“Wow.”

Melanie was starting to feel warm and relaxed. “You don’t understand, she has this air about her. She’s so… calm and soothing. And she didn’t say anything about it to the others.”

“I don’t think I’ve met her. What does she look like?”

“Ash blonde hair, a little smaller than me.”

“No, I don’t remember her. And she said she has a girlfriend?”

“Yes. Anyway, that’s not all,” Melanie began, telling Josy about what had happened after dinner.

“Wish I’d been there,” Josy said. “You know I’ve asked you about your grooming before.”

“Yes,” Melanie said. She wondered what Josy thought of Reese. She also wondered if Josy would ask about her grooming again. Perhaps Josy felt left out. She waited for her friend to say something, but after a moment of silence, she said, “If you want, I could show you next time.”

“Okay,” Josy said, sounding happy, but then she yawned. “I’m so tired, Mel. Thank you for being here.”

“Of course,” Melanie said, hugging her friend from behind.

It wasn’t long before Melanie heard Josy’s breathing become even. She stayed close to Josy but removed her arm from around her. Soon after, she fell asleep as well.

*****

Melanie woke up, laying on her back. Josy was on her front, with an arm draped over Melanie’s stomach and a leg draped over hers. Melanie smiled. Josy must have sought out her warmth during the night. It felt cozy to be held like that, feeling Josy’s rhythmic breathing on her bare shoulder. She checked the time on her phone and saw that the alarm for her run would go off soon. She turned off the alarm and spent a few more minutes enjoying the closeness of her friend, the warm snugness.

It was a shame she had to get out of bed, but after extricating herself from Josy’s clutches, she quickly dressed. Remembering Brian’s teasing in class, she decided not to wear her panties under her tights, putting them in her jacket pocket instead. After all, she might be able to tease him back during their run.

Josy woke up, stretching. “Morning run?” she asked, sleepily.

“Yes, go back to sleep, you have another hour,” Melanie said, going back to plant a kiss on her forehead.

“Hmmm ‘kay,” Josy responded, as she hugged the covers.

After putting on her running shoes, Melanie left the room, had a quick pee, and left Josy’s apartment.

She waited for Brian in front of the apartment building, wondering how she was going to talk to Brian about Josy’s situation. She felt that being there for Josy was purely platonic, but she knew how sleeping together might appear. How was she going to explain to him that they needed to slow down a little while she figured things out?

Without discussing their route, Brian led them to the same park as Saturday. Melanie suspected he might be up to something, and it amused her. After running a few circles around the park, Brian changed direction. When they reached their well-known corner of the park, Brian went into the little path.

“Think again,” Melanie called after him, stopping just outside.

After a moment, Brian was back at the entrance. “What? I wasn’t suggesting anything,” he said, grinning.

“Nope.”

“Oh, come on.”

In response, Melanie turned her back to him, and feeling impish, she pushed her tights down over her butt and quickly mooned him, before pulling them up again and running off laughing.

Before turning another corner, she slowed down, looking back. He was following, but she had some distance on him, so she waited for him to catch up.

“Dare you to do that again,” he said as he slowed and stopped in front of her.

“Nope,” she said, starting up again. She was amused but resisted his dare.

They completed another circle around the park and did some stretches near the entrance of the park, and then ran back to Melanie’s apartment building.

“That was a good run,” Brian said.

“Yes, but I think your mind was elsewhere,” Melanie said, looking around. There was no one else in sight and she wanted to tease him again. The anticipation of it excited her.

“That’s not my fault.”

“Sure it is. It’s your fault you get easily distracted,” Melanie said, as she turned away from him and pushed her tights down her butt. Looking over her shoulder, she saw him staring at her exposed butt.

“Oh man!” his mouth dropped open. He seemed to appreciate what he saw.

She wiggled her butt in response.

“You’re right. I can’t help it when presented with such a sight,” he said, grinning.

She saw him briefly shift his eyes up, making eye contact, before looking down again, sending a flutter of excitement through her as she looked around the street nervously.

“I’ll see you in class,” Melanie said, moving towards the door as she pulled her tights up again. Just in time, since she saw a group of three get out of one of the elevators. She waved at Brian and quickly went inside to catch that elevator.

Inside, Melanie found a packaged bundle in front of her door, with a note from Reese. She took it into her room and unfolded the note.

Hi Mel,
You weren’t home, so I left this here. It’s a little gift from me, to wear around the house. Wear it during dinner tomorrow. Just so you don’t feel out of place, I’ll wear something similar.
XOXO Reese

Melanie quickly opened the package. It contained nightwear. A rose chemise, and a turquoise chemise, both size S, but also a pair of black lace panties. Why panties, Melanie wondered? She took them out of the package and held them up.

They were crotchless panties. She blushed. Was Reese suggesting that she wear these under a chemise at dinner?

The two chemises were new. Reese probably ordered these online, or just bought them yesterday. She held them up. Yes, they would fit her. Still in her runner’s outfit, she went to the bathroom to rinse them separately with a little bit of detergent, so the colors wouldn’t mix. Then she also did the same with the skimpy panties.

She carefully wrung out much of the water and hung everything up to dry beside the shower, including the embarrassing panties. Why did Reese have to give her these items?

After she was done, she had cooled down enough to take a shower. As she was soaping up, she remembered what she had said to Josy, and looked down at her pussy as she ran her soapy fingers over the smooth skin. Had she really suggested that Josy could watch her grooming ritual? She blushed at the thought of it, but also felt a flutter of excitement. At that moment, the door opened, and someone walked in.

“Oh, sorry.”

Melanie recognized the voice as Elle’s, one of the brunettes. They hadn’t spoken much outside of dinner conversation. The shower curtain was opaque, so she couldn’t see the girl.

“The door was unlocked. Can I just quickly brush my teeth?” Elle asked.

“Uh, sure,” Melanie said, as she continued washing herself.

Shortly after Elle left again, Melanie was done with her shower. She stepped out and quickly locked the door, before drying off. The undergarments and panties she’d rinsed out! Did Elle see them? The panties had been in clear sight, hanging there beside the shower. Yes, there was no way Elle could have missed that. Sighing, she wrapped the towel around herself, put her runner’s outfit in the laundry basket and grabbed the nightwear and panties to hang to dry in her room. It felt a bit unusual to walk back in her towel, as she had gotten used to doing that nude.

Getting ready to leave, she decided to wear a knee-length skirt with a pair of her thigh-highs to classes today. As they walked to college, she asked Josy if she had slept well.

“Much better, thank you, Mel.”

Melanie just smiled at her. Were it not that their friendship had grown so close lately, it might have felt strange to sleep together. She was glad it helped.

“You forgot to tell me what to wear today,” Melanie said, grinning at her friend.

“Oh! No panties today!” Josy said.

Melanie laughed and said, “done,” making Josy laugh as well.

“You won’t believe what I found at my door this morning,” Melanie said, explaining Reese’s package.

“Huh,” Josy said. “Does she really have a girlfriend? Because that raises so many questions.”

During class, Melanie and Brian again found excuses to tease the other with light touches on arms or legs. It was amusing, and although it still felt childish to Melanie, she gave as much as she got. Other than that, not much happened during the day.

*****

At dinner, Reese was wearing an aqua chemise with pantyhose. Melanie had forgotten Reese’s request to wear one of the new chemises, but they might not yet be dry anyway. She caught Reese’s eyes at some point and tried to communicate an apology. Surprisingly, none of the others batted an eye at Reese’s choice of dinner attire. Perhaps Reese had worn similar outfits at dinner before, but to Melanie it looked a little out of place.

After dinner, Melanie called her parents.

“Uh, I was wondering,” Melanie began after they exchanged the usual pleasantries. She hesitated, unsure how to ask this without it being embarrassing.

“What is it, honey?” her mom asked.

“About my bed.”

“What about your bed?” her mom asked, and Melanie detected some amusement in her voice.

“You said I could have a queen-sized bed,” Melanie said.

“Yes, we did, but you said it wasn’t needed.”

“I know, but could I maybe get one?”

“My little baby is growing up. Are you being careful?” her mom asked. There was definitely amusement in that tone now.

“Mom, stop it. Please,” Melanie said, blushing so much that she was glad it wasn’t a video call.

Laughter on the other side of the line. “I’ll ask your dad to arrange something, but this would have been so much easier had you just accepted our offer before the move.”

“Thank you, mom,” Melanie sighed.

“Bye, honey, we’ll talk again soon,” her mom said, ending the call.

Melanie fell down on her bed, exhausted. Why did it have to be that difficult?

In the corner of her eye, Melanie saw the undergarments she had hung out to dry that morning. She pulled herself off her bed and checked them. They were dry. Remembering Reese’s note, she left her room and knocked on Reese’s door.

“Come in.”

Melanie opened the door and said, “Hi.”

Reese was still wearing the aqua chemise with pantyhose, sitting on her chair. She beckoned Melanie to enter the room, and Melanie closed the door behind her.

“Sorry about dinner,” Melanie said, standing in the middle of the room. “I washed the items this morning and kind of forgot your request.”

“Oh, no, it wasn’t like you had to. I just meant I’d wear this and you could feel comfortable doing the same,” Reese responded. She indicated the bed with her hand, turning her chair to face Melanie. It didn’t seem like Reese was upset at all.

“Oh, okay. So, you wear this sometimes in the common room?” Melanie asked, sitting on the bed.

“Yes, it feels wonderful to be dressed like this. You don’t wear this for others, you wear it for yourself,” Reese said.

“I’m not sure if that’s true.”

“Well, maybe others can enjoy the eye-candy, but me, I wear it because I want to.”

Melanie wondered if she could ask Reese about the crotchless panties.

“Will you try it out tomorrow?” Reese asked.

“I’ll think about it.”

“Ah,” Reese looked disappointed. “That’s a no then.”

Melanie frowned at Reese. She didn’t like that sort of passive aggressiveness.

“Sorry, I was just a little sad you didn’t wear it today, but it is fine. Just wear it when you feel comfortable, Mel,” Reese said. She stood up and walked over to the bed, letting herself fall backward onto the bed across the middle, next to wear Melanie was sitting.

The fall had flipped up Reese’s chemise, exposing her pantyhose clad pussy. Melanie noticed that Reese wasn’t wearing panties under it and could see her pussy through the thin material. Reese had a little landing strip but was otherwise bare, and though barely visible, Melanie could see Reese’s clitoral hood peeking out from between her lips.

Melanie looked away, embarrassed to see Reese’s sex like that.

Reese propped herself up on her elbows. “Ah oh, yes, this is not my natural hair color, you found me out,” Reese said calmly. Indeed, Reese’s ash blonde hair did not match her darker landing strip. “Such clothing mishaps happen, Mel. You’re not the first roommate to see. However, you are the first one who is embarrassed.”

“I… thank you for the clothes. I should go.”

“Here I go again, embarrassing you. Sorry. And I keep apologizing for it too. I don’t mean to, it’s who I am. You know that, right?” Reese asked, lowering herself back down on the bed to look at the ceiling.

Melanie had to admit, she knew by now this is how Reese was, and it had a special charm. The corner of her mouth turned up and she looked back at Reese, who was still lying on the bed just as exposed as before. She realized that Reese had worn that to dinner, without the panties. Was Reese like her? No, definitely not. There was no embarrassment to be found anywhere.

“Yes, I know,” Melanie said. “I mean it, thank you, but I still need to go.”

She saw Reese turn towards her and they both smiled in understanding before Reese turned her head to look up at the ceiling. It was okay between them.

“It’s probably best, as Alli will be here soon. If you come knock on my door in about an hour and just open the door without waiting for a response, it could be fun. Especially if you wear your chemise.”

“I… what?” Melanie was stunned at the suggestion.

“It’s okay, you don’t have to. Just a naughty suggestion,” Reese said. “Good night, Mel.”

Melanie said good night and left to go back to her room, blushing all the way as she thought over Reese’s words.

