Her Halloween Fantasy Reality
byForkedBeard©

I should explain that my girlfriend, Elizabeth, has a bit of an exhibitionist streak. She won't really do it. But the possibility of being caught naked in public really fuels her libido. It is mostly a fantasy for her. The closest she has come to acting it out is to get me to have sex with her in secluded spots that offer the possibility of getting caught, but where the probability is pretty close to nil. 

I am not complaining mind you. Bringing up this fantasy or our secluded sex leads to some really hot sex and that's something I really dig. So you may have an inkling where this is leading.

I decided to fulfill her fantasy. Big time! I mean why do things by half measures?

Halloween was coming up and we get invited to some very wild costume parties. Adult only if you know what I mean. Liz always dresses up in something sexy and revealing for these parties.

Well this year we are going to the sexist party of those we have been invited to. They usually turn into orgies later in the evening. We have always left early before things got too out of hand and went on to other parties. Not this year.

Of course I didn't tell Liz my plans for our Halloween.

We got our Halloween costumes a few weeks before Halloween. I laughed to myself at Liz's efforts to get the right costume. She spent days deciding on which costume to wear. She had it narrowed down to a sexy version of the Catwoman, or a Cleopatra costume that was very diaphanous so that with the nude colored bra and panties, she would appear to be almost naked. She finally decided on the sexy Catwoman costume. She didn't know what I knew. That wasn't the costume she would be wearing to the party on Halloween. I had something else in mind for her.

On the afternoon' of Halloween, about the time we would usually start getting ready, Liz was in the bedroom and just starting to take off her clothes to change. She had just taken off her shirt when I walked up to her and grabbed her and gave her a big kiss. I kept at it until she pushed me away. 

"Frank, we don't have time for that. We need to get ready for the party."

I grabbed Liz, spun her around, pulled the handcuffs from my back pocket and quickly cuffed her before she knew what I was doing.

"Frank! Take these off. We don't have time for this. We need to get ready to go to the party!"

"Liz, darling, there has been a slight change in plans. We are going to the party, but you are not wearing the costume you bought. Oh no, I have a much better costume in mind. So be a good girl and be cooperative."

"Frank, take these cuffs off now!"

"Well if you won't cooperate I will just have to make you."

I got a small ball gag and forced it into her mouth. It was probably going to be in for a while so I chose a small one so it wouldn't be too uncomfortable for her. She was still making a lot of noise, but it was unintelligible.

"That's still too noisy."

So I put some tape across her mouth.

"Much better."

"Now time to get ready for the party. You need some prep first."

I undid her jeans and pulled them down to her ankles. Then I did the same with her panties. 

"So helpless. Don't you wish your friends could see you like this? Helpless and exposed. On display and not able to do anything about it. Doesn't just the thought of it make you hot?" I continued talking to her along these lines for a couple of minutes.

Her breathing changed and she blushed and her pussy started to moisten. I could smell the fragrance.

I guided her backwards to the bed and pushed her so she fell onto the bed on her back. I then took off her shoes and socks and then the jeans and panties. I then tied her ankles to the bed so that her legs were spread wide. She was a pretty picture lying across the bed naked except for her black bra and the gag and tape across her mouth.

"I wonder what your friends would think if they could see you so wide open and on display like that?"

"Back in a moment. Gotta get some equipment to do your party prep."

I went into the bathroom and returned with my beard trimmer. It is sorta like a barbers clippers, but not as big and battery operated. Battery operation makes it so much more handy. No cords to get in the way as you work.

Looking at Liz's pussy, I could see it was red and puffy and she was now very wet. Glad that the beard trimmer works wet or dry.

"Liz, hold still. I am going to do the first stage of this part of your prep."

I then proceeded to trim her bushy pubic hair. Though Liz has a very luxurious black pubic hair, she has very little along her outer labia. I quickly trimmed away the little hair along her labia. I then trimmed her bush down to a large V. I think it is much sexier than trimming it to an arrow pointing down or other cliché like a heart or a simple landing strip. I mean it calls attention and draws the eye downward without being too blatant.

The beard trimmer did a good job. But it is designed to trim a beard. At it's closest setting, it still leaves far too much hair. Now the sideburn trimmer on it does get closer, but is too small. So I went back to the bathroom and brought out a pan of heated water, a can of shaving cream and my razor.

"Too bad we don't have whipped cream. It would be fun to lick off."

Liz looked daggers at me as she tried to shout through her gag.

"Liz, just let me finish up. I know you'll like it. Besides it isn't permanent. It'll grow back quickly. Now do hold still. I wouldn't want you to move and cause me to knick you down here."

Liz realized her situation and held still.

"Good girl. This will only take a few minutes."

As I ran my hands over her now smoothly trimmed pubic area, Liz began to moan. I ignored her and went to put away the shaving equipment. I came back with some lotion and rubbed it into the freshly shaven areas. Liz was really moaning now and squirming around on the bed. I stopped when the lotion was absorbed.

Liz was by now quite excited and when I stopped she tried to scream out and get me to finish bringing her off. No way.

I put a pair of white slipper shoes on her feet.

I sat her up and then gathered her hair back into a pony tail. A style that she never wears. I kind of like it but she doesn't care for it. Her hair normally is worn down and comes to just a few inches below her shoulders. It made a glorious pony tail. I then lay her back down on the bed while I got into my costume. I had a Zorro costume. I thought I looked good in it. I like those big swirly capes, so dramatic. More importantly Zorro is masked.

I came over and sat Liz up. I untied her legs, then I turned her to the side of the bed and got her standing up. She was still angry at me and looking daggers.

I removed her bra, leaving her totally naked.

"It's almost time to go to the party. Now that you're prepped, I need to get you into your costume. Then we can go."

I went over to the closet and pulled down a large box and set it on the bed. I pulled the cover off and took out a large white feathered mask.

"How do you like your costume?"

Liz's eyes went wide and she began to shake her head no as she realized that I intended to take her to the party nude!

"Liz, being caught naked in public has always been one of your fantasies. I am not sure why, but it is. And I am not complaining since it leads to the hottest sex."

"So tonight you're going to live out your fantasy!"

"Don't worry, I'll be by your side to keep you safe. The mask will hide your identity so this won't spill into our regular lives." 

"Halloween is the perfect time to do this and you won't get another chance until next year."

"Can you keep your voice down to a conversational level? If so, I will take off the tape and remove the ball gag. If not, you can go like that."

Liz nodded yes. So I took off the tape and took out the ball gag.

"You bastard. I can't go to the party like this."

"Now, now. I'll put a coat over you and no one will know that you are naked underneath until we get to the party."

"No, I mean I can't be like this, Frank!"

"Liz, I told you that you can and you'll be safe and I, Zorro, will protect my naked slave girl! Oh almost forgot. I have another piece of clothing for your costume."

"Frank, you had me worried there for a moment that you were serious about taking me like this."

"Here it is the other piece of clothing to help cover you up."

I showed her the slave collar before putting it on her and buckling it up.

I put her long large rain coat around her and buttoned it up. Actually buttoned it down since I started at the top. Why do they say button up when we button down from the top? I tucked the ends of the empty sleeves into the pockets so it would be less noticeable that her arms weren't in them.

I hugged her and held her as I told her, "I know this is scary for you. But it's been your fantasy for years and this is your chance to act it out. If you don't like it, you don't have to do anything like it again and we can go back to it being just a fantasy. But you may find you like it."

"Now are you ready to go live out your fantasy?"

"I'm scared as hell, Frank. But I guess so."

We went out to the car and I helped her into the passenger seat and buckled her in. I then got in, buckled myself in. The cape was in the way. Perhaps next year a costume with no cape? And we were off.

******

When we got to the party I pulled out a leash and attached it to Liz's slave collar. We went into the party and I unbuttoned Liz's coat. It stayed shut and I turned Liz so she was facing the room before taking the coat off her. The effect was most heartening. The room was stunned by the naked woman with her hands cuffed behind her and just the slave collar and white feathered mask and her pubic hair trimmed into a vee that emphasized her shaved pussy. The noise level dropped as all conversation came to a halt and everyone stared at the gorgeous, striking naked woman. Liz's was certainly the most extreme costume there even though it was the least.

Liz stood proudly on display and stared the room down until they went back to what they were doing and the noise level returned to party normal.

I said to Liz, "Bravo, that is exhibitionism at its finest."

"Thanks, Frank. That was so embarrassing and scariest thing ever and I'm so horny I can't believe it."

"Call me Zorro. Don't want to blow your cover. I'll call you slave."

"Good point there Zorro. But I don't like slave as a name. Why don't we go with a Spanish sounding name. How about Teresa?"

"Come, Teresa, lets party."

I led "Teresa" around the party on her leash and we chatted with the other party goers. Of course I had to feed "Teresa" her snacks and treats and hold her drinks so she could sip them from a straw. In between, I took advantage of her being cuffed to caress her with my free hand. She was nervous at first, but as she relaxed, I began to brush the sides of her breasts as I moved my hand up and down her sides and across her belly. As she got used to this, I brought my hand up across her belly and brushed the undersides of her breasts which elicited a sharp intake of breath from her. I then cupped the underside of her breast and lifted it as I caressed it.

"Teresa" moaned softly as I cupped her breast. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back, giving in to the sensations. Her response brought a smile to the faces of the small group of party goers we were talking with. I then moved my hand up and took her now hardening nipple between my thumb and finger and then rolled it back and forth and pinched it and pulled it out. "Teresa" was now moaning more loudly and thrusting her breast out for more. I continued for a couple of minutes and then stopped.

"Zorro! Don't stop!"

"I must Teresa, the orgy is not due to start till later."

"I'm so hot. I need to come!"

"Later Teresa. We must observe protocol and wait until the orgy starts."

About half an hour later, "Teresa" was getting fairly relaxed with being naked at the party, so I took off the cuffs. She hugged me.

"I love you."

"I know."

"You are a bastard you know. Springing this on me like that."

"Be honest. If I had told you this and asked you, would you have said yes?"

"No."

"Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Yes, very much."

I quickly reached down between her legs and ran my hand across her slit. She moaned.

I brought my hand up and sniffed before putting it under her nose for her to sniff.

"I can tell."

"You'll get yours for that."

"I'm counting on it. In an hour or so when the orgy begins."

"You aren't serious?"

"It's your fantasy. In for a penny, in for a pound."

"I couldn't really do that with other people really watching."

"Yes you will. If you won't do it willingly, I will just have to cuff you again."

"God, Frank. You are making me so horny that I'm about to rape you right here, right now!"

"Shall we at least move over away from the food before we kick off the orgy early?"

"Teresa" grabbed Zorro and took him to a corner and did what she said she would do. The orgy kicked off early.

****

Later, in the early morning, when we got home, we talked about the night.

"So, from the first kiss to now, what were you feeling and thinking?"

"Well, I was annoyed when you started kissing me. I wanted to get ready for the party."

"When you cuffed me I got angry and when you wouldn't take them off I got really mad."

"I did notice you looking at me with dagger eyes."

"Then when you pulled my jeans and panties down I was fuming. Then you pulled that mind game on me and whipped my head around. That got me horny. But you knew it would."

"Yep."

"Then when you tied my legs open, I felt so exposed like that."

"Maybe I'll have to do that again."

"And shaving my pubes. That was humiliating, but sexy. I was so wet."

"I noticed."

"And then when you rubbed my freshly shaven mound and lips the feeling without the hair was fantastic. The lotion was very nice and you got me so close to coming and then you stopped. You left me horny as hell, wanting to come so bad and so close and you stopped. That was torture."

"Well we didn't have time. We needed to get to the party. You said so yourself."

"You bastard!"

"I couldn't believe you were really going to force me to do it. I felt a jumble of emotions. Fear, embarrassment, horny as hell, angry, anticipation all at the same time!"

"Worth the feelings?"

"Yes, I suppose so when I look back on it now."

"When you faced me into the room and whipped off my coat, I was embarrassed as hell and also horny in seconds."

"Yes, but you were magnificent as you stood there and stared down the crowd. I was so proud of you."

"I had to. I mean what other option was there? Curl up in a ball and die from shame? I do have a good body so I went with it."

"Yes you do have a good body and after some sleep, I am going to ravish it again."

After I got used to being on display and all the men and women staring at me I relaxed and had a good time. It was even better after you took the cuffs off."

"I should have left them on longer so I could enjoy the party longer before you had a chance to drag me off and kick off the orgy."

"You don't mean that."

"No, I don't."

"So I take it that tonight was a success and you enjoyed living out your fantasy. Want to put it back in the box and keep it as a fantasy only?"

"Frank, don't you know the expression, 'Think outside the box'?"

Well, friends and neighbors, life got a lot more interesting from there.

Oh, and in case you are wondering, Liz kept her pubic hair trimmed in that vee for almost a month and while she kept her labia clean shaven, with some enthusiastic help from me, She let the rest of her pubic grow out again. The next time she shaved it into a new shape, well that is another story for later.


Liz's Christmas Present

Hi, It’s me, Frank, again. You may remember my telling you about Liz's and my Halloween. Well this is what happened this Christmas season. 

Having found out that exhibition, not just the thought of it, really turned her on, Liz decided to show her body at the next dinner/orgy.

Liz's pubic hair had grown out by now. She decided to trim it to a new shape now that she had something to work with. Of course she didn't tell me anything about her decision. She just sprang it on me at the party. I would get to see it when everyone else did.

We were invited to a Christmas party at some friends; the same ones who hosted the adult Halloween party. Their Christmas parties pretty much all seemed to end up similarly. An orgy. Later after dinner and some drinks were consumed.

Liz had been to the beauty parlor earlier and came in looking spectacular. Well I mean even more spectacular since I think she always look spectacular. (I know you are reading this Liz. And I swear it's true!)

Liz wore a nice green dress. Short and curve hugging with some cleavage showing. It really emphasized her figure in a good way. What I didn't know was that she was going commando. No panties so she could flash people easily.

The party was great. We had hors d'oeuvres and drinks before sitting down to a large dinner. It was quite a spread. I was seated across from Liz. I should mention that the table was long and not too wide. Well part way through dinner, Liz slipped one of her feet out of her high heels and all of a sudden I felt her foot in my crotch. She began playing with my cock. Soon I was hard and trying not to show my arousal to my fellow diners. Liz kept it up for about five minutes and then stopped.

After I calmed down, I thought turn about is fair play. So I slipped my foot out of my shoe and returned the favor and put my foot in Liz's crotch. Liz laughed at the expression on my face when I felt with my foot that she was commando and had shaved her pubes into a new shape. I could not feel enough of the new shape she had trimmed her bush into to figure out what it was.

"If you are good, Frank. I will give you an early Christmas present and show you."

After dinner, as the evening wore on. More drinks were consumed and the atmosphere was getting quite relaxed, if you know what I mean. Sexy talk, lots of groping and flashing. You know. The stuff that happens with a room full of horny people who have had too much to drink while waiting for the orgy to begin.

Liz was flashing a number of the guys. Hell she even flashed a bunch of very appreciative women. She flashed me a lot. I was having trouble waiting for the orgy to begin so I could do Liz. I mean she had me so horny!

The start of the orgy was announced and Liz stood up, put her hands up in the air, twirled around then unzipped her dress and let it fall. She was naked underneath. But what caught everyone's attention was her pubic hair. She had had them trim it into a large candy cane shape and bleached and dyed it into the traditional red and white stripes.

Let me tell you that sure got everyone's attention and a lot of comments, and both men and women came over to get a real close look. And I do mean real close. 

When I got my chance, I could smell Liz's arousal and her labia were all puffed up and red from her arousal and she was dripping so much there was a long stream of it running down the insides of her legs. I guess the arousal of being so closely examined by so many had done it to her. I also knew that I was in for some real hot sex, real soon.

She was so hot and horny that she really wore me out. Her on top, me on top, doggie style, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl and a bunch of other positions. And in between orgasms when I would get soft I would go down on her if she wasn't riding my face. I don't know how many orgasms she had. I seemed like she was orgasming almost constantly. 

At one point, while she was riding my face, several women gathered around and forced her to drink some punch to keep hydrated. We attracted quite an audience with her performance. 

When she was finally satisfied. She sat on the sofa in the afterglow and recovered with a couple of the women looking after her. I was sprawled in one of the easy chairs recovering. A lot, who am I kidding, almost all the guys, came over and congratulated me on my prowess for being able to make Liz come so much. They said they wished they could get their wives and girlfriends to respond like that.

I had to tell them that it was all Liz. I was just hanging on for dear life on that ride!

Liz was the hit of the party and the talk of our friends for months. 

"Liz?"

Well the next day she had recovered and we sat around the kitchen table talking about the party. Liz was recounting how turned on she got when everyone got their faces right up in her crotch to examine her shaped pubes. She was quite happy about how it turned out. Well, I have to admit, so was I. But what got me was what she said next.

"I'm going to let my bush grow out again after Christmas. I wonder what shape I can trim it to for Valentine's Day?"


