Best Laid Plans (Chapter Five)

Wesley’s office was almost more temptation than Willow could stand. She felt like a dieting woman in the middle of a Godiva chocolate emporium. All the things he had were so...they made Anya’s stock look so...ooh, she hadn’t ever seen one of those up close and personal before... Stop it. Back on track, Willow. Take just what you need for the spell and leave the rest of the goodies alone. Repeat: Take - only - what - you -need - for - the - spell. Atta-girl. And hey, maybe Wesley will be so happy about Angel’s soul that he’ll want to give you... Stop. Focus. Stay with the here and now. No drooling over Wesley’s stuff. Not even that...

By the time they left the office and its array of magickal delights, she’d taken so many steadying breaths and heaved so many longing sighs that she was pretty sure Angel thought she had asthma. It didn’t really matter how much breathing she’d done there, though, because now they were on their way to Angel’s bedroom to do the spell and Willow couldn’t breathe at all. That was not a good thing. She was pretty sure she needed to be conscious to anchor Angel’s soul. There, that’s it: inhale, exhale, remember? It’s just like riding a bike.

At the door to his room, Angel turned and spoke to her for the first time since before they’d reached Wesley’s office

“Are you sure this is safe, Willow?”

Great, even after the reading, he still didn’t have faith in her. What was it with everybody? No matter what, no one ever believed in her. She was about to give Angel a super-sized piece of her mind when he spoke again.

“If there’s any chance you’ll get hurt, I don’t want you to do this.”

Tears started forming in the corners of her eyes. She tried to remember the last time anyone had been concerned with her safety, first and foremost. Sadly, her recall failed her on that score. No one but Tara, who wasn’t so worried about Willow's safety anymore, after the whole addiction thing, had ever really thought of her before anyone else. At least not since Oz. And frankly, the way Oz had abandoned her and the way he’d just assumed she’d be happy to take him back when he returned out of the blue had her doubting she’d ever really been first in his thoughts after all. So that left Tara. And now...Angel?

“Don’t worry, Angel. I’ll be okay.” She fought to keep the little quaver out of her voice. “Now let’s get that soul of yours glued on, shall we?”

Resolve face firmly in place, she stared down any further objections as she and Angel entered his room. She cased it briefly, not terribly surprised at the impersonal decor and lack of style. Angel wasn’t one for self-indulgence, even in his home environment. Too much of an impediment to his monastic self-abnegation. Maybe once his soul was anchored, though, he’d brighten the place up a bit. Or not. It really wasn’t any of her business what his bedroom looked like anyway. If Buffy could live with his taste, that was all that mattered.

Preparations for the anchoring were easy, in fact Willow was stunned by the simplicity of the spell. It was so easy any novice could do it. Well, any novice with enough natural power to return a vampire’s soul to begin with and then help hold back his demon as it was permanently anchored. But yeah, okay, easy enough for a novice.

“Would it make you feel safer if I were in chains or something?”

Suddenly, an image that really shouldn’t be as appealing as it was entered Willow’s head and she mentally shook it off, shuddering in self-loathing as she did. Naughty Angel thoughts?!?! Hello...lesbian here! Happily-in-love-with-Tara-lesbian, even, here. And love-of-her-best-friend’s-life-who-she’d-n

ever-so-much-as-looked-over-even-once-before over there. It had been a while since Willow had gotten any..., had any...well...sex, but that shouldn’t mean that her hormones now fired on all the wrong cylinders. And why was she suddenly thinking in automotive metaphors? What the heck was happening to her? Were her leather shoes causing her to channel Vamp Willow or something? And did Vamp Willow think in engine metaphors?
Oh great. Angel was giving her the oddest look right now, as if he was seeing her in a very different way. Why was he looking at her like that? Cripes! Darn wacky hormones and darn vamp senses. Okay, Willow, plaster an innocent look on your face and pretend you’ve never had a naughty thought in your entire life. After all, it’s his word against yours and...yeah, that so would work given your current credibility. Wait. You’re alone. There’s no one here for him to tell. And anyway, he won’t even remember this after all the excitement of getting his very own un-lose-able soul. Just relax. After tomorrow, you’ll be getting all you want from Tara and you’ll never have another naughty thought about the wrong gender ever again.

“No, Angel, no bondage required.” She cringed as she said it and immediately did her level best to make that unfortunate choice of words seem completely innocent by channeling her high school self into her facial expression with all her might. “You need to be sitting across from me holding my hands.” Her efforts seemed to have paid off. Angel had his “strong, silent, and broody” face back on and was looking at her in that “you have no gender and are nothing but Buffy’s best friend” way she was accustomed to from him. What a relief. “Besides, Lorne said this was going to work. I know you might not trust me, but...”

And once again, Angel surprised her.

“Willow, I don’t doubt for a minute that you can do this. I brought Lorne here for you. You’re the most powerful witch I’ve ever known, and the most good-hearted, but you need to believe in that...the way that I do.” He looked at her with so much trust that Willow’s heart almost burst. And there was something else flickering in his gaze...something she didn’t want to think about too much. So she did the first thing she could think of to get away from her thoughts.

For the second time today, Willow was in Angel’s arms, though this time she was doing the hugging, and she didn’t once think of how good it felt to be there. She allowed herself only gratitude for Angel’s support and for his belief in her.

“Thank you,” she choked out, on the verge of tears. She needed to soften the intensity of the moment. “Even if you don’t mean it, thank you.” She could tell he was going to argue with her, so she broke the embrace and put her resolve face back on. “C’mon, let’s get this show on the road, okay? Time waits for no vamp.”

He smiled and Willow couldn’t help but smile back. Then she turned inward and began to ready her mind. Calming herself...steadying herself...centering herself. As she did so, she felt an amazing sense of peace and determination. All the doubt that had been rekindled was gone, replaced by a certainty unlike anything she’d ever felt before. She could do this. She would do this. The goddess had blessed her and would guide her. This was good. She was good.

She prepared the circle and set up everything she needed.

Angel sat across from her inside the circle.

“Are you ready?”

He surprised her by breathing, then he nodded, taking her hands as she held them out to him. Willow began the spell. As the magick built, the energy flowed through her to Angel and back. That was a bit odd and different from the way things had been when she’d done the original restoration spell, but hey, who was she to say what an anchoring spell should feel like. She did her best to clear her mind as she kept chanting the words and holding fast to Angel as the power flowing between them increased.

There was no time for her to get distracted by her thoughts, anyway. Because all of a sudden something she’d never foreseen came at her full force.

The Rom. Oh goddess, she thought, as a wave of oppositional energy hit her. She hadn’t even considered this. They were so not happy about what she was doing. She could feel their hate and their anger as they stood fast against her. What was she in for now? Had she been arrogant, thinking she was important enough, pure enough, worthy enough to do this? Was this the way the universe was punishing her for her hubris in bringing back Buffy? If so, why did Angel have to suffer, too? Why had so many elements combined to bring her to this moment, why had she been given so many signs that this was what the goddess truly wanted her to do, if she was only to be punished for believing in the word of the powers she served?

Then...just as she was about to lose her nerve, when it seemed she would fail...she felt...she was rescued by...something. Something strong and wise and powerful and sustaining. Something that poured hope and vigor and courage into her very being. Something that lifted her from within and focused her magick. Something that somehow surrounded her even as it filled her and which gave her back that same conviction she’d had when this began. She would prevail and Angel’s soul would be secured. And that was the last thing she knew before everything went black.

Tbc...