                                          New Life
                                       By Lust 4 Life

A description of the act of reproduction. The basic components followed by several 
scenarios ranging from intentional reproduction through various forms of accidental and 
unintentional reproduction. MF/Preg

Basic Components

Consider if you will, the creation of new life. The essence of sexual reproduction is the 
joining of the sperm and the egg, two gametes joined to form a zygote. As Heinlein 
observed, a zygote (that would be us) is a gametes (that would be sperm and egg) way of 
creating more gametes. And we have zygotes designed to create egg type gametes and 
zygotes designed to create sperm type gametes. These essentially are ovaries and 
testicles. Now of course ovaries and testicles need a little bit of supporting infra-structure 
to help them out and allow them to maneuver for maximum variety in selection of 
complementary gametes. This supporting infrastructure includes things like legs for 
mobility, internal organs for acquisition and processing of nutrients, sensory organs and 
associated processing (brains) to avoid danger and identify other zygotes.

The nature of the production of eggs and sperm is substantially different. Eggs are 
created in the ovaries of the female, prior to birth. There are a fixed number and they are 
there, essentially from the start. The eggs are actually matured and released one at a time 
(in humans) on a regular basis. Sperm on the other hand is created continually in the 
testicles. There is a fundamental economic difference between the female and the male, 
which can be summed up as, sperm is cheap. The egg is intimately tied to the womb 
and gestation period. Basically, once fertilized by a sperm, an egg ties up the 
reproductive resources of the female for the entire gestation period, followed by some 
period of care for the resulting infant. The male on the other hand, produces continuous 
and copious amounts of sperm and can impregnate multiple women per day.

Since the purpose of a zygote is to produce gametes, and the gametes need to create good 
zygotes capable of producing more gametes, the above economics influences how 
zygotes select complimentary gametes for their gametes to join with. In other words the 
economics influences mating behavior. Since womb time is a limited and hence valuable 
commodity, the female tends to be more selective of her partners. On the other hand, the 
male can afford to distribute gametes pretty much at random. Some may create poor 
zygotes, but as long as some create good zygotes, success is achieved. Nevertheless, the 
ultimate purpose of a zygote, whether male or female is to create gametes and pair them 
with complimentary gametes to create the next zygotes.

In mammals, the zygote factory (the womb) is located near the source of gametes (the 
ovaries to produce eggs, or ovum). The male gametes (sperm) must be united with the 
ovum. For this purpose, the penis is used to inject sperm from the male source (testicles) 
into a protected environment near the ovum. The protected environment is the vagina. So 
we can argue that the penis and vagina are the means gametes have evolved to help bring 
themselves together to create the zygotes, which in turn create the next generation of 
gametes. And of course to provide options for multiple pairings and better survival, the 
other supporting structures (legs, organs, brains, etc) have been created. But the purpose 
is to support the testicles and ovaries, and to bring the penis and vagina together to inject 
sperm near the ovum, so that new zygotes are formed.

Mating

How the penis and vagina are brought together for the injection of sperm is immaterial to 
the gametes and for reproduction. The union can be violent and forceful, loving and 
intentional, lustful, or even accidental. Maybe the condom broke, or the diaphragm was 
inserted improperly, maybe the girl forgot to take her pill, or was on antibiotics, maybe 
the guy was supposed to pull out but didnt. It doesnt matter, the purpose was achieved, 
the sperm was deposited in the vagina, and with no barriers in place, does its best to find 
and penetrate an egg.

Of course sometimes some of the support structures, such as the brain, may have other 
priorities than reproduction, but the gametes strive to keep the overall organism focused 
on reproduction. The couple may intend for the man to pull out, but they are designed to 
give in to the demands of their hormones and complete the act. Or the girl may not intend 
to let the boy go all the way, but after starting down the road, finds her brain is no 
longer able to control the desires of her body. And the sperm is inserted, and finds the 
egg, and the womans belly begins to swell with new life. And of course, a womans 
hormones are strongest at the peak of her fertility  if she is a reluctant partner, her 
defenses will usually be their lowest just at her most fertile time, again increasing the 
chances of a successful mating.

Reproduction often begins with a mutual attraction. It can be physical, the other person 
looks good, or it can come from knowing the other person and liking them at a deeper 
level. Whether this is the first meeting between strangers, or the hundredth time between 
husband and wife, the physical act usually begins with escalating mutual arousal and 
stimulation. Kissing and stroking relax and at the same time stimulate the partners, 
leading to more stimulation, more intimate touching. These actions cause the release of 
hormones within the bodies of the partners, increasing their sensitivity, their desires. The 
females nipples begin to harden, her vagina begins to moisten, her vulva engorges with 
new blood flow, swelling and warming it. The males penis begins to swell, engorging 
with blood to stiffen it for insertion into the female. The pheromones released with her 
vaginal secretions further stimulate the male. Internally his body begins other 
preparations, releasing fluids from his prostate and seminal vesicles to make up his 
semen, to protect his sperm on their travel from his testicles into her womb.

The mutual stimulation continues, until the decision is made to insert the males now 
fully erect penis, into the females vagina. The spiral continues, the stimulation resulting 
from the insertion causes the partners to seek still further stimulation by moving against 
each other, sliding the penis back and forth within the vagina. If there was any hesitation 
to begin with, the increasing stimulation soon replaces it with the purely animal need to 
complete the act. The gametes are in control now, causing the bodies to mate with ever 
increasing vigor and urgency, until the males body squirts his sperm laden semen into 
the females vagina. Conscious awareness narrows to the feelings in the genitals, the need 
to reach the peak. The males body begins forming the mixture of sperm and protective 
secretions collectively called semen, preparing it for ejaculation. As the thrusting 
continues, the vagina massages and grips the penis, further stimulating it. The female 
begins to gasp and moan in pleasure, which the male has been programmed to interpret as 
stimulation, as urging him to release his seed. Before long his body begins to tense in 
preparation for delivery. At this point a positive feedback loop has developed with the 
female excitement causing further stimulation of the male, which in turn causes him to 
groan and thrust harder, further stimulating the female, each stimulating the other.

Finally, the male penis begins a final swelling, filling the vagina to reduce any leakage of 
sperm. The male ejaculation begins with a strong pulse, shooting the first jet of semen 
from the tip of the penis, ideally directly against the cervix and the opening into the 
womb. At this point the penis begins a steady pulsing, pumping spurt after spurt of semen 
into the vagina. But nature is even more devious in its attempts to ensure mating success. 
The male often continues pulsing after the last semen has been delivered, and even then, 
keeping the penis in the vagina results in periodic additional spasms which are extremely 
pleasurable to each partner. This encourages the couple to lay together, with the penis 
blocking the exit from the vagina, giving the sperm time to begin its journey through the 
cervix.

At this point, the semen is pooled inside the vagina, coating the walls, covering the 
cervix. The sperm begin swimming through the cervix, through the womb, and up the 
fallopian tubes, searching for an egg. If an egg is present, the sperm do their best to 
penetrate the egg, joining the male and female chromosomes, to create a complete zygote 
which will eventually mature to create more gametes.

Scenarios

A look at some different scenarios may prove illuminating. There are two fundamental 
categories: intentional deposit of the sperm, and unintentional or accidental deposit. Of 
course there are a number of variations within each category. In the following we will 
review a few of these.

Intentional

This category covers the cases in which sperm is intentionally deposited in the vagina. It 
may be specifically to cause pregnancy, it may be for pleasure with the knowledge that 
pregnancy may occur, or it may be explicitly believing the pregnancy is not an option 
(and is not wanted) but something has gone wrong, leading to fertilization anyway.

Intended Pregnancy

Not surprisingly, the most common route to impregnation is an intentional mating in 
which both the male and female participate with the conscious intention of impregnating 
the female. The couple may spend some time prior to actual sexual activity teasing each 
other, talking of their lust and increasing their mutual desire. Since the couple is planning 
on impregnation, this may be an explicit part of the dialog. Eventually the time comes 
when both male and female are ready. Some preliminary activity, including removal of 
clothing, fondling each others genitals both manually and possibly orally takes place and 
serves to causes the mans penis to become erect for penetration of the female, while the 
females vagina secrets lubrication to allow easy penetration.

There are of course numerous positions for mating, going by the names of missionary, 
doggy style, cowgirl, and reverse cowgirl among others. The actual mating begins when 
the female fully exposes her vagina to the male, perhaps by laying back and spreading her 
legs (missionary) or getting on her hands and knees with her ass in the air and her vagina 
exposed from behind (doggy). The male now positions the head of his penis at the 
entrance to the vagina and starts to work it in, usually in a series of slow strokes to 
lubricate the penis with vaginal secretions and to stretch out the vagina. While many 
unintentional pregnancies follow the same physical set of steps, the difference here is that 
the couple both know that the purpose is impregnation. Yes, both will receive physical 
pleasure, but the goal is the deposit of the male sperm explicitly so that it will unite with 
a female egg.

The male now begins to drive his penis in and out of the vagina; the mating is now in 
progress as the female birth canal massages the penis, stimulating it so that it will 
ejaculate the live sperm from the testicles into the birth canal so it can then enter the 
womb and cause pregnancy. If the woman is on top (cowgirl, reverse cowgirl), she may 
be moving up and down on the penis on her own or in conjunction with the male partner 
thrusting up from below. The motion stimulates the male until the penis and related 
muscles convulse shooting his semen into the waiting vagina.

Both partners feel wonderful. The physical sensations and release are of course great, but 
both are also hoping they have succeeded in impregnating the woman, in reproducing 
themselves. Both are hoping that the mans sperm will soon cause the womans belly to 
swell with new life, with their child. Both are experiencing a wonderful feeling of 
closeness as well as eager anticipation. The woman feels the warmth and added wetness 
of her mans sperm inside her and feels a wonderful after glow of having part of him 
inside her.

Conception is by no means guaranteed since the female is receptive most of the time but 
only fertile for a short window each month. Thus many repeated matings are usually 
required to induce pregnancy. Since the couple is explicitly attempting to impregnate the 
female, this is not a problem and frequent matings may occur. The couple are carefully 
tracking the womans periods and when one of them first is late, then quite late, perhaps a 
week late with no sign, the woman uses a home pregnancy kit she has previously 
purchased with much excitement. When she purchased it, she was hoping that when she 
used it, it would tell her she was pregnant with her lovers child growing inside her. Now 
she pees on the little kit and brings it out to share with her lover, they look at it and both 
see that she is indeed pregnant, his sperm has knocked her up and in 9 months she will 
bear their child. Feeling wonderfully excited, close, and happy, they quickly retire to the 
bedroom for a celebratory fuck. Of course, it is now purely for fun, she is already 
pregnant so his sperm can do no more than make them both feel good.

Birth Control Failure

The other major form of intentional sperm deposit, resulting in pregnancy involves some 
form of birth control failure. A woman on the pill may forget to take her pill, or may be 
on anti-biotics which interfere with the normal hormone controls of the pill and the pill 
itself has a certain failure rate. A woman using a diaphragm may have inserted it 
incorrectly, allowing sperm to get around the device and enter the womb (hence the 
recommended use of spermicide in conjunction with a diaphragm). Each of these results 
in the woman believing she is on effective birth control and that live sperm deposited in 
her vagina will not cause pregnancy. In reality, she is fertile and ready to be impregnated 
when she allows a male to deposit his sperm in her. A woman may also simply rely on 
not being at a fertile time of the month. However, mother nature has done her best to 
thwart women using this form of birth control and ensure that they are eventually 
impregnated: ovulation can be irregular so that it sometime occurs in an otherwise safe 
time of the month, and deposited sperm can live several days inside the female 
reproductive tract.

In any of these situations, the sex act is intentional and mutually consensual and is 
intended to culminate with the male orgasm injecting live sperm into the female. The key 
difference is that this act is intended purely for pleasure and both parties believe 
pregnancy is not a realistic consequence of their actions when in fact it may be highly 
probable.

Imagine if you will, a couple, male and female. Perhaps they are steady partners, perhaps 
this is just a one night stand, two horny people who met each other in a bar and are going 
to relieve their sexual tensions with each other. As the evening has progressed, the 
woman has grown increasingly attracted to the man, brushing her breasts against his arm, 
pressing her body against his, eventually wiggling her ass against his crotch, turning him 
on, and feeling his growing erection. The couple have now returned to the womans 
apartment with the obvious mutual intention of fucking. They are sitting on the sofa, 
starting to make out, kissing, exploring each others mouths with their tongues as the 
mans hands begin roam over her body, massaging her breasts. Soon she breaks, and 
pulls her blouse up and over her head. The man pauses, reluctant to ask, but feeling a 
responsibility, Uhm, are you on birth control? He hopes the answer is yes, because he 
would much prefer to feel his cock naked in her pussy than in a condom, despite the risk 
of STDs. She reassures him, Yes, Im on the pill, take it everyday. What she doesnt 
mention is that she just finished a course of anti-biotics for a cold. Unbeknownst to her, 
they have eliminated the ability of the hormones in the pill to force her next period. She is 
in fact at the peak of her fertility (and so extra horny and anxious to get laid), and 
completely unprotected, ripe for conception.

Reassured that birth control is taken care, the couple continue the mating ritual, their 
foreplay groping and fondling each others bodies, turning each other on and increasing 
desire. Eventually clothes are shed and the couple retreats to the bedroom. In due course 
the mans penis is erect and hard, ready for penetration while the womans vagina is wet, 
lubricated, and ready to receive the male penis inside. Each is anxious for the pleasure of 
sex, expecting physical delight, release of their sexual tension and needs, and the warm 
afterglow of sex, after which they will part with no further consequence, or so they think.

The woman lays back, spreading her legs, fully exposing her pussy to the man, inviting 
him to mount her. The man moves forward, bringing the head of his penis into contact 
with her outer lips, perhaps rubbing it up and down a bit, spreading her lips and 
moistening the head for easy insertion. Soon the man thrusts forward, sliding inside her, 
the mating has begun. The couple begins to fuck, each seeking orgasm, each knowing 
that the end of this is the man depositing his live sperm deep in the womans birth canal, 
at her cervix, the entrance to her womb. Each is anticipating the satisfaction of mating: 
the man the knowledge that he has deposited his sperm in a healthy woman, the woman 
the knowledge that she has excited a man and made him cum, accepted his sperm deep 
inside her body. The couple continues to thrust against each other. By now, some live 
sperm has already leaked out the end of the mans penis and is inside the womans body. 
The woman urges the man on, riding him hard, reaching for her orgasm, knowing she is 
also pushing him to the edge. Finally it hits her and she bucks on the embedded penis, 
spasms of pleasure washing over her body, gripping his penis. The thrashing of the 
woman on his penis, her cries of ecstasy further excite the man, making him feel like a 
good lover that has satisfied his woman, knowing that he can now enjoy his orgasm as 
well.

Soon he feels the sperm gathering at the base of his cock. Simultaneously the woman can 
feel the mans body tensing, his cock getting harder in her cunt. She knows she is about 
to receive his essence, his baby making sperm into her body. The man groans and feels 
his cock pulse as his orgasm begins, his sperm shooting into her body. She too feels the 
pulse, hears the groan, and knows the man is actively spurting cum through his penis and 
into her pussy. She soon feels the warmth and increased wetness of his deposit. Finally 
the mans orgasm subsides and the couple lay together, satisfied, happy with their sexual 
release, unaware that her body is completely ready to conceive, that his sperm has been 
deposited at the height of fertility and her egg is just waiting to be fertilized.

The couple lay together in the pleasant after-glow of sex and soon start making out again. 
Twice more the couple fucks this evening, the man inserting his penis and driving against 
his receptive and eager woman until his cock pulses, shooting more semen into her. Three 
loads in all, deposited at her cervix and soon the sperm is swimming through her womb 
and up her tubes. Finally, the couple rise, shower, and dress. The man thanks the woman 
for a wonderful evening and leaves, both thinking that was fun, wondering perhaps who 
their next partner will be. Unbeknownst to either, at about 10 AM the next morning, the 
first wave of sperm surround the egg coming down one of her tubes and one of the 
spermatozoa penetrates the egg, fertilizing it, starting a new life. Within a few days the 
egg has completed its descent of her tubes, entered her womb and attached itself to begin 
the growth into a baby, to be delivered 9 months later, through the same vagina through 
which the mans sperm was originally injected.

A couple of days later, too late for any morning after pill, the woman is talking to one of 
her co-workers about sex and the other woman describes how she got pregnant 
accidentally when her husband fucked her while she was on anti-biotics. Our woman 
feels a sudden cold knot in her stomach and asks what she means by that. The co-worker 
explains that anti-biotics interfere with the birth control hormone control and that for 
several weeks after taking anti-biotics, the birth control pill does not provide protection. 
Our woman feels a moment of panic, thinking Oh my god, I fucked that guy right after 
finishing my anti-biotics. I dont even know his name, where he lives, nothing. I took 3 
loads of his cum up inside with no protection! She quickly excuses herself and hurries 
back to her desk to consult her calendar, hoping that at least it was not during her fertile 
time. Upon checking her calendar, her heart sinks, a cold dread washes over her, as she 
realizes she took his cum in her body right at the peak of her fertility.

Our heroine worries and waits, sweating out the days until her next period is due, but it 
does not come early, then it is a day, then 2 days late, then a week late. With a feeling of 
resigned fate the woman goes to a pharmacy and purchases an early pregnancy kit. While 
the couple trying to have a baby bought and used such a kit with eager anticipation, in 
this case, it is with dread and trepidation that the woman purchases the kit, takes it home 
and uses it. Looking down, her last vestiges of hope crumble as she sees the clear 
indication of her pregnancy.

Natural Consequence

There is a third scenario for pregnancy resulting from intentional deposit of a mans 
sperm inside the woman. In this case, the woman is doing what comes naturally, fucking, 
not particularly trying to get pregnant, but unlike our second woman, knowing it is a 
possibility and in fact probably only a matter of time. This might be the case for a woman 
prior to the advent of modern birth control. Whether we are talking about a married 
woman having sex with her husband, or even an affair, or a single woman, perhaps a 
prostitute, having sex with many different men, the intent is not to get pregnant, the intent 
is to have sex and perhaps try not to get pregnant, but knowing it will happen sooner or 
later. The woman may use the rhythm method, trying to avoid sex at her most fertile 
periods. She may try to douche after sex to remove the mans sperm.

However, driven by her biological need for sex (or in the case of a prostitute, perhaps by 
the economic need for sex), she continues to fuck, knowing each time, that she is 
allowing a man to ejaculate his live sperm into her body and that if it reaches her egg, she 
will most likely become pregnant and bear his child  it is not really a question of if, but 
rather of when.

Lets take the case of a prostitute, a whore prior to the advent of modern birth control. 
She is a young woman with needs, yes, she gets horny, but she also has needs for money 
for food and shelter. The feelings of prostitutes run the gamut, from shame to enjoyment. 
To some degree, this will depend on the time and society, as well as the individual 
woman. The physical acts are the same regardless, but we will focus on a woman who for 
whatever reason is proud of her work, who enjoys the sex and the satisfaction of a job 
well done (a happy client). She works in a brothel, the women present themselves in the 
lounge and await clients who will pick amongst them. Our lady is a horny lady, she looks 
forward to the thrill of seeing men looking over the women, of trying to look sexy and 
enticing for them, and when one picks her, she enjoys the knowledge that this man 
selected her for his sexual pleasure, he selected her in which to deposit his seed. And she 
aims to give him pleasure, to welcome him inside her.

She knows that each time a man mounts her, inserts his penis into her vagina, there is a 
chance she will get pregnant, and that sooner or later she will, and not know who the 
father is. But she does not dwell on this. A man has selected her. She feels warm and 
tingly knowing that he has found her attractive, she feels a dampness between her legs, in 
anticipation of feeling this man buried to his balls inside her, fucking her, and feeling him 
cumming inside her. Back in her quarters she proudly removes her clothes, further 
exciting the man with her naked body, enjoying the look in his eyes, and then the 
stiffness of his cock. She fondles it as he gets harder, and feels his hands roaming her 
body, massaging, squeezing, probing.

Soon the man is ready. She lays back, spreading her legs, ready for him to take his 
pleasure, to fuck her. The man quickly slides inside her, anxious to fuck, eager to cum in 
her, but of course wanting to draw the process out and enjoy the journey. He begins his 
thrusting. Our woman enjoys the feeling of his hard baby maker up inside her, enjoys 
knowing he is loving the feel of her cunt wrapped around him, enjoys knowing she is 
making him build a load of cum that she will soon feel shooting into her womb. She can 
feel him climbing the peak, thrusting faster, holding her tighter as he nears his release. 
And then she feels him push hard, groaning, and knows another man has emptied his 
testicles in her birth canal, another man has inseminated her, poured his seed into her 
belly.

And eventually, one of the loads of semen does its job, and she is pregnant. She knew it 
would happen, only a matter of time.

A somewhat intermediate scenario is one in which a couple intend to use birth control, 
either a condom or diaphragm, but for some reason, do not. Perhaps they would normally 
use a condom, and plan to do so, but only after they are fully aroused and their brains are 
no longer really able to control their bodies do they realize that they do not have any 
condoms, or the woman has forgotten her diaphragm. In their lust, they convince 
themselves that it will be alright just this once to fuck without protection. Maybe they 
even think they will be able to pull out at the last minute, but of course this does not 
happen, the sperm is deposited, the egg is fertilized, and pregnancy ensues.

Unintended Deposit

The second major category is unintentional deposit (by at least one of the parties), in 
which there was never any intention for sperm to make it into the unprotected vagina. 
Perhaps a condom was used but broke, perhaps the couple intended to pull out but lost 
control, perhaps it was rape (unintentional for the woman at least), or maybe she was 
simply too impaired to resist or to think to put in her diaphragm. In any case, there is a 
realization that the deposit of sperm may lead to unintended pregnancy, and there was no 
intention for the deposit to happen, but something went wrong.

Failure to Pull Out

In this case, a couple who might normally use birth control (condom, diaphragm) have 
gotten themselves sexually aroused and ready to mate, when they discover there is no 
birth control available. They convince themselves that they can have sex anyway and that 
the male will pull out before ejaculating. Of course mother nature has stacked the deck 
against the couple making both partners want to continue to the natural conclusion 
resulting in his sperm in her open vagina.

A typical scenario might involve a steady couple who have fucked regularly using 
condoms. On this particular occasion they are in the bedroom, naked, having gotten each 
other worked up. They have been fondling each other, he massaging her breasts, rubbing 
her clit, slipping a finger into her pussy to massage her g-spot, she running her hands over 
his body, squeezing and stroking his cock and running her fingers over his balls, as their 
tongues dance in each others mouths. His cock is hard and eager, her pussy wet and 
ready. Both are thoroughly aroused and anxious to meld together as one. He reaches over 
to the bedside drawer where he keeps the condoms, and finds it empty.

Both man and woman ache for the release of their sexual tension. They are distraught at 
the absence of a condom but desperate in their sexual need. They ask briefly if there are 
any more in the house/apartment but quickly confirm to each other that there are none. 
What to do? Both are aware of the risk of pregnancy from unprotected sex. They both 
think through the timing of her last period and realize she is mid-cycle and highly fertile. 
They cannot afford to just take a chance and fuck bareback. They either have to forego 
intercourse, perhaps settle for oral sex or manual stimulation, or 

Well, maybe we could just put it in for a little while, a few strokes, then pull out she 
suggests. The man agrees and she lays back, spreading her legs in invitation. He quickly 
positions his cock head at her entrance and slides in. They are both immediately 
overwhelmed at the increased sensations of bare skin to skin contact, his naked penis in 
her unprotected vagina with no latex between them. Be careful she whispers, 
Remember, you have to pull out. He agrees and starts to move inside her, his penis 
pistoning in and out of her warm wet hole. The sensations overwhelm both of them. Soon 
she feels her orgasm approaching. She also feels his body tensing, his cock getting harder 
and knows he is getting close to his orgasm, close to cumming with his bare cock in her 
pussy. She is thrusting hard against his driving cock, trying to reach her orgasm. Her 
frantic thrusting beneath him is having a very erotic effect on him. He can feel his own 
orgasm rapidly approaching and manages to gasp, I have to pull out, youre gonna make 
me cum! But her orgasm is just starting, she cant let him go now! Ungh! No! Keep 
fucking me! she gasps without realizing what is about to happen. Her body goes rigid, 
her pussy squeezing around the cock that is bringing her so much pleasure, her arms and 
legs wrapped around her mate, holding him tightly, deeply in side her.

That does it, he cannot resist his own needs and her urgent signals. He pushes extra hard 
as his cock pulses, shooting the first jet of his semen into her pussy. She feels the extra 
hard push, his cock bumping her cervix, the throbbing of his penis as he begins to pump 
his seed into her, and the sudden warm wetness inside her which all just increases her 
pleasure, making her hold him tighter as her pussy spasms around his now pulsing cock 
while he continues to pump his sperm into her, both groaning their pleasure.

Soon the waves of pleasure subside and now the woman realizes what has happened, 
realizes the man has just ejaculated his full load deep in her pussy, right at the entrance to 
her fertile womb. Oh no! You didnt! I told you not to cum in me! But I told you I was 
about to cum and you told me not to pull out, you held me in so I couldnt pull out. It 
doesnt matter, the damage is done, his sperm is inside her, already swimming up through 
her uterus on its way to find her egg and impregnate her.

Condom Failure

This could include a condom breaking, or simply forgetting to put on a condom. In this 
scenario, the couple uses a condom, but it breaks and they are unable to control 
themselves to stop. In some sense, this is like the previous scenario where a couple 
intended to use a condom but at the last minute could not find one and decided to fool 
around just a little and eventually got carried away. Here the couple has a condom. 
They have become mutually aroused, ready for sex, gotten the condom out and rolled it 
onto the mans shaft. He enters her and they begin fucking. However, at some point, the 
condom breaks. The man may notice the heightened sensations of direct skin to skin 
contact, the moisture of her vagina, or even the ends of the broken condom. He may warn 
his partner but they are too far gone to stop, in which case we have a case like the last 
scenario: both partners now know there is no protection but are hoping for a last minute 
pull out or are just too much under the control of their hormones to stop.

However, the man may realize the condom is broken and elect not to tell his partner. In 
this case, the woman believes she is protected while the man knows that he will actually 
be emptying his load into her unprotected pussy. The couple continue their lusty fucking 
until the man feels his orgasm approaching. He is enjoying the skin on skin sensations 
and the knowledge he is about shoot his load into this woman with no protection. Finally 
the mans orgasm hits him, his penis swells and begins to pulse, shooting his sperm into 
her vagina, coating her cervix. The woman may notice the sudden increase in wetness 
and warmth inside her, or she may not notice until he pulls out with only the remains of 
the condom on. It doesnt matter, the damage is done, the seed is sown.

A slight variation on the above occurs when neither party realizes the condom is broken 
until afterward. Again, the woman may notice first, from the increased wetness and 
warmth inside her from his semen. Or he may notice when he pulls out and goes to 
remove the condom and sees that it is broken. The difference in this scenario is that the 
deposit was unintentional for both parties, both are surprised at the end to learn there was 
no condom.

A somewhat more evil variation is where one of the partners, presumably the male but 
possibly the female (trying to catch a male), intentionally sabotages the condom ahead of 
time, either so that it will fail during sex, or so that at least it will leak and some sperm 
get out.

Non-consensual

Several scenarios can be lumped under non-consensual deposit. There is of course 
outright rape, but one can also categorize sex through blackmail and sex while impaired 
as non-consensual.

One day Juanita is called into her supervisors office. He informs her that a routine 
background check revealed that her documentation is false. I should probably just call 
immigration and turn you over at least for forged documents and probably as an illegal 
alien to be deported. But you seem like a nice lady and your work record is good. If you 
prefer, maybe we can work something out and just keep this between us. If you can really 
show me your enthusiasm and desire to stay here and work for the company, I may just 
forget to deal with this.

Juanita asks what he has in mind. The boss gets up from his desk, locks the door, and 
walks up behind her grabbing her breasts from behind and grinding his crotch against her 
ass. You make me happy, I overlook the paperwork he says as he squeezes her breasts. 
They both know she has little choice but to comply with his lust, to let him fuck her. 
Unfortunately, she is not on birth control. She hopes maybe she can just get him off with 
a hand job or a blow job and tries to play along. Okay she says, relaxing into him, 
grinding her ass back against his crotch as he continues to squeeze her breasts. Soon one 
of his hands slides down to her crotch, running over it from outside her clothes.

Show me how much eager you are to keep working here. Take your clothes off for me 
he says as he moves away from her and leans on his desk to watch. Reluctantly she 
unbuttons her blouse and then drops her pants, leaving her in just her bra and panties. She 
looks at him watching her and sees the hunger in his eyes. She doesnt admit it to herself 
yet, but she knows that he will be satisfied with nothing less than depositing his sperm in 
her belly. Keep going he urges. So she reaches back and unclasps her bra, then slowly 
drops it, revealing her breasts to him. He reaches out and grabs the now bare flesh, 
squeezing, thinking how soon he is going to have his cock buried in this woman, fucking 
her. He drops his hands and looks pointedly at his crotch. She slides her panties down 
over her hips, baring her pubic patch for him, and lets them drop to the floor, leaving her 
naked, exposed before him. Rub your pussy for me. Show me how you are getting wet 
for me he says. She slides a finger up and down her slit, rubbing her clit, making it throb 
and her pussy begin to get wet. Finally she slips it inside herself and brings it out wet, 
showing it to him.

Next he asks her to undress him. She begins by unbuttoning his shirt and pushing it off 
his shoulders. Now she knows that if she is to get him off before he gets in her pussy, she 
will have to be a bit aggressive, so she leans in, pressing her bare breasts against his 
naked chest, then sliding down so she can unbuckle and unzip his pants, giving them a 
little tug and letting them fall to the floor. She can see the tent in his boxers from his 
partial erection and soon has pulled his boxers down, leaving him naked as well. Taking 
the initiative, she grabs his shaft and begins to stroke it. She rubs it over her breasts and 
holds it between her breasts, massaging it with them. The man is groaning in pleasure 
from her ministrations. Soon she changes tactics and begins to lick his shaft, running her 
tongue along it as she cups and fondles his balls. Now she opens her mouth and takes his 
now erect penis in her mouth, bobbing on it, fucking him with her mouth, swirling her 
tongue on his shaft, hoping to make him loose control and cum in her mouth. The man is 
clearly loving her technique, groaning in pleasure and she hopes he will just let her keep 
going.

But unfortunately, pretty soon he pushes her away, saying, Damn, you are one fine cock 
sucker. I really liked that, but I want to fuck you. Come on over here and sit on the desk 
here while I slide this inside you. Time is running out for Juanita. She tries her last card, 
Please, not today. Im not on birth control. I dont want to get pregnant. This news 
makes the boss penis jump. A chance not just to fuck a hot lady, but maybe to knock her 
up! There is no way he is going to pass up this opportunity. Today. Or I pick up the 
phone and call he says. Juanita has no choice, either she is going to let this man fuck her 
unprotected pussy or she will be deported. Reluctantly she moves to the desk and spreads 
her legs. Her boss eagerly moves between them, enjoying the view of her naked body, the 
body he is about to fuck, the body which may soon bear his child.

They both know that what is about to take place will be more than sexual gratification, it 
will be a real mating, male and female, depositing live sperm in a fertile pussy with a 
chance of conception and pregnancy. Of course this is a bonus for her boss and one more 
negative for poor Juanita. The man moves between her legs and they both look down, at 
his hard cock sticking out from his body, ready to carry his seed into her body, to her 
dark pubic triangle, the center of her womanhood, her fertile garden which he is about to 
fertilize. He runs the head up and down her slit, parting her lips, wetting the tip of his 
shaft with her lubrication, and then he is pressing in, his shaft sinking into her pussy, into 
her body. A few strokes and he is in, fully seated, his testicles against her ass, his pubic 
bone grinding against hers, his shaft throbbing deep inside her tunnel. No barriers 
between them, the bare tip of his penis, the open slit, pressed against her cervix, ready to 
deposit his seed.

The man looks down at her breasts, and then at her face and smiles. Oh yes. Oh you feel 
so good. He begins moving in her, fucking, enjoying the sensations in his penis, the feel 
of this soft, lovely woman, knowing she is soon going to take his seed inside her. Juanita 
feels the penis inside her, filling her, stretching her, fucking her and knows the man is 
taking his pleasure, against her will, and that soon he will be groaning in satisfaction as 
she accepts his seed into her body. She is humiliated having to allow him to do this to 
her, but she feels she has no choice. She is scared, hoping his sperm will not find an egg, 
will not impregnate her.

She lays there, feeling him thrusting into her, grunting in pleasure, feels him getting 
closer and closer to that point of no return, to the moment when his seed will burst forth 
from his body, into hers. She can tell he is getting closer by his increased moans, the 
speed of his thrusting, by the way he holds her tighter, possesses her. The man can feel 
the sensations building in his groin, his cock getting harder, the tension building at the 
base of his cock. Oh baby, Im gonna cum. Get ready, Im gonna cum in you! Juanita 
knows the moment is almost here and there is nothing she can do. Suddenly the man 
groans and pushes hard against her. She feels his cock pulse heavily and start throbbing 
inside her and she knows he is pumping his semen into her, coating the inside of her 
vagina with his essence.

Soon his cock relaxes, shrinks, and he pulls it out. Ah that was good! See, it is easy to 
work things out here. I can tell you really are a dedicated employee, the kind we like to 
have here. Alright, why dont you get yourself together and go on home, its getting late. 
Juanita hurriedly gathers her clothes, dresses, and almost runs out of his office. She 
hurries to the ladies room to try to wash as much of his sperm out as she can, but she 
knows its in deep.

As it turns out, it did its job. From the pool of semen coating the end of her vagina and 
cervix, some of the sperm managed to wiggle through her cervix before she was able to 
wash them out. Working their way through her womb and up her tubes they found her 
egg and one of them penetrated it, combining his genes with hers, and starting the cycle 
of life again.

Of course many other blackmail scenes can be imagined and are played out regularly. 
The young lady caught shoplifting and given an opportunity to resolve things quietly, 
or the young wife (or sister) given an opportunity to help her husband/brother or save him 
from some grievous outcome. As always, the particulars are unimportant. The end result 
is that the male deposits his sperm in the female vagina, it finds her egg, and pregnancy 
results.

Impaired

The final scenario we will deal with is the impaired lady, who ends up taking a mans 
sperm because she is unable to effectively say, no. Here we make a somewhat artificial 
distinction between the case explored previously in which a couple loss control in the 
heat of their lust and proceed against their better judgment, and the case of a lady who 
tries to say no, but is unable to effectively assert that. The most common example may be 
a woman too drunk to post an effective resistance. In its most extreme form, the woman 
has passed out and is used without her knowledge or consent. Perhaps at a frat party or a 
Spring Break vacation, she drinks too much and is helped home or just to bed by a 
convenient male who then takes of advantage of her comatose state and fucks her, bare, 
depositing his seed.

Various scenarios unfold from here. Perhaps she was deliberately given spiked punch. 
Perhaps she is passed out and one or more men fuck her and leave her laying there, 
naked, with sperm running out of her pussy so that when she awakes she knows what has 
happened (and that it is too late to douche). Or perhaps they are more devious, she is 
fucked, then dressed so that perhaps she does not even realize she was fucked until 
several weeks later when she misses her period. And of course there is the scenario in 
which she is conscious, struggles feebly, but to no avail, and realizes that she is in trouble 
while being fucked, but unable to stop it. Regardless, the sperm is deposited and does its 
job, and she is pregnant.

