"I had Clark hide the shotgun."

Jonathan whirled away from the closet to see his wife and son standing in the living room with their arms crossed across their chests, regarding him with identical defiant expressions. Damn, they were alike. Two peas in a pod. Steel peas. In a titanium pod. And Martha was always saying Clark took after him. What a load of bull. "I've got business to take care of," he said in his most menacing tone. 

The steel peas appeared to be unimpressed.

"Chair, mister. Now." Martha tilted her head at Clark, who came forward to take his father by the arm with a sober expression.

"Come on, Dad. You know Eli's better at scaring Mr. Luthor than you are."

Jonathan allowed himself to be seated in his recliner, still snarling. Bastard Luthor. Bastard Luthor had tried to kiss his wife, God damn it, and he was supposed to freaking sit like a good boy? Yeah. Because he couldn't do a damn thing to protect her, could he? Or his son. "Scare him? You think I want to scare him?"

"Be quiet and breathe." Martha perched on a stool by his side, stroking his arm soothingly.

"I don't want to be quiet. I want to blow Luthor's head off—"

"No, you don't."

"And then wale the tar out of that thug Whitney Fordman—"

"Dad, Eli and I already did that once today. Don't you think that's overkill?" Clark had the nerve to be smiling as he knelt on the other side of the recliner.

"I shook that little bastard's hand the day after he scarecrowed you." Jonathan wanted to hit something, anything. "And I blew Lex off like he was—"

"Dad, Lex got over that a long time ago."

"Scarecrowing." Martha regarded her son with narrowed eyes. "And not one word from you."

"That was before the no-secrets rule," Clark said hastily.

"There has always been a no-secrets rule in this house, young man." Martha relented with a sigh, leaning her head on Jonathan's shoulder. "I can't believe something like that is still going on in this day and age."

Jonathan snorted, feeling the tightness in his chest begin to ease. "You do know that in my day somebody would sneak back and untie the scarecrow after about half an hour. They were never meant to stay out there all night."

"Looks like somebody's forgot that part," Clark muttered. "Eli says it's barbarism."

"Eli's right," Jonathan said quietly. "But Whitney Fordman… Of all the kids to go wrong, I would never have thought—"

"He started to change when his dad got sick," Clark said in a subdued tone. "But not like this."

Martha nodded wordlessly, and the look on her face made Jonathan wonder if she worried about that happening to Clark. Another boy with a sick father. Jonathan's hands itched for his shotgun.

"Whitney doesn't sound like the same guy anymore, Dad. He's even starting to look like a different guy. And I've never heard him say racist stuff before. Stealing airplanes? Drinking gin at school? He did everything he could to lose his scholarship, and that used to matter to him more than anything."

"Something is wrong. This isn't just a reaction to his father's illness." Martha raised her head to look at Jonathan. "A decent boy doesn't change into a violent racist in a few months. We know Whitney, Jonathan. We know his parents. That isn't how he was brought up."

Jonathan swallowed. Ever since he'd heard Clark's story about Whitney landing Eddie's plane on the football field, the idea wouldn't leave him alone. It was that damn phone call, he supposed; he'd probably never be able to think of one of those guys now without thinking of the other. It didn't make any sense, of course, but nothing in this comic book ever did. "Martha, do you remember Eddie Cole?"

"Of course I do." Martha made a wry face. "There was always something about that man that made my skin crawl."

"I think Whitney must have been hanging out with him lately," Clark said thoughtfully. "I mean, to get hold of his plane and learn how to fly it."

Martha gave him a sharp look.

"He used to dust crops for my dad," Jonathan said, clearing his throat. Well, it was no-secrets night. "He was around the place a lot when I was in high school. I remember Dad telling me some pretty ugly stories about him. When we decided to try organic farming, I wasn't sorry to tell him we weren't dusting anymore."

Martha leaned forward, frowning. "What are you saying?"

"I'm saying he was a hard-drinking son of a bitch with a mean streak a mile wide. There were rumors he'd been Klan back in the day."

Martha stared at him, horrified. "Jonathan. You never told me—"

Jonathan gave her a weary look. "He wasn't part of our lives anymore, Martha. I didn't see the point."

"You think Whitney's been hanging out with him, too?" Clark was frowning. "But why? I mean... Whitney had friends. A girlfriend. The team. Why hang around with a guy like that?"

Martha searched Jonathan's face, her own rapidly losing color. "He drank gin. He always drank gin."

Jonathan nodded, surprised by her reaction. "That's right. I had to send him home a few times; he was too damn drunk to fly."

Martha rose to pace past the front windows. "He used to dust all the fields between here and Baker's Field."

"Sure. He used to be a good pilot, when he was sober."

"Baker's Field. You think Eddie Cole saw the ship come down," Clark said in a hushed tone. "You think he told Whitney."

"Something like that," Martha said vaguely, and Jonathan could tell she was thinking nothing like that at all.

"But why would Eddie tell Whitney about the crash? Or anything else?" Clark anxious gaze traveled from one parent to the other, and Jonathan wished to God that he could reassure him.

"I don't know, son. Martha, Eddie's almost a hermit up at that rat-hole of his. Folks in town see him a couple times a year at most."

"Someone nobody would miss," Martha said softly, stopping to stare at Jonathan.

Jonathan felt his stomach turn over. "Oh, no. No, honey, that call was just a sick prank. Eddie used to go to ground all the time."

"No pun intended," Martha said wryly.

"He's got a brother in Metropolis, he could be—"

"You think Eddie Cole is…dead?" Clark swallowed.

"I don't know, sweetheart. I hope not. I'm just trying to think things through." Martha picked up the phone.

Jonathan slapped his hand against the armrest. "Jesus, Martha, you're not calling the sheriff's office over a couple of coincidences and a crank call!"

Martha shot him an exasperated look. "No. I'm calling Eli over a couple of coincidences and a crank call."

Jonathan sighed and leaned back in his chair. There were definite drawbacks to the no-secrets policy; he began to understand why Lex avoided it so scrupulously. He felt Clark pulling a comforter over him and smiled. "Relax, Clark. It's just your mother's over-active imagination. Everything will be fine." He raised his voice. "You tell Dirty Harry that if he wants to go digging under Eddie Cole's wood pile, he's doing it without me." 

Jesus. It'd be zombies next.

***

"Thank you, Martha." Eli flipped his phone shut and returned to the farmhouse kitchen, reseating himself across the table from Lex. He waited for an explosion at the interruption. Indeed, an explosion would be preferable to the preternatural control the boy was exhibiting.

"Martha?"

"Yes."

"Is Clark all right?" The boy's voice crackled with suppressed emotion.

"He is fine, Alexander. You were saying?"

Lex paused, regarding him with narrowed eyes. "Let me see if I understand what you've told me. You began the day by catching the redneck thug who tried to murder Clark last fall conducting surveillance on the Kent house."

"Surveillance? Never did I use this word. Never would I use this word to describe the inept fumblings of—"

"You caught him taking pictures of the house."

"Yes."

"But you haven't been able to determine whether he's working for my father or Karloff."

"Or another party," Eli agreed calmly, watching Lex suppress his surprise. "The matter is under investigation."

Another pause. "You then proceeded to be assaulted by Karloff—"

"Inconvenienced."

"Pardon me, inconvenienced by Karloff, who handed Clark the missing negatives and a password for the personal files on his laptop, which, by the way, I gained access to weeks ago—"

"It is often said that it is the thought that counts."

"Clark took the negatives and punched Karloff in the face. I trust you would classify that as an assault?"

"Oh, yes," Eli said blandly. "The creature bounced. It was most gratifying."

"You then drove Clark to school, where the aforementioned redneck thug landed Eddie Cole's crop duster on the football field, behaved in a deranged manner, and accosted Clark in such a way as to force Clark to shove him into the arms of law enforcement."

"Sheriff Millar was most obliging."

"You then received a call from Max, who informed you that Eddie Cole's residence has been deserted for some time, and that he had evidently been employed at Belle Rève—"

"Miss Sullivan has also informed me that Mr. Fordman has been working at Belle Rève."

Lex's face went gray. "In what capacity?"

"According to Miss Lang, he was being paid quite generously for work as a subject in clinical trials."

Lex swallowed. "Where is Eddie Cole?"

Eli met Lex's gaze, his concern escalating by the second. This was not the reaction he had been expecting. "He has not been seen in some time."

"He has to be found."

"Sasha. He has not been seen. In all likelihood, he will never be seen."

"Do your best."

"Of course." Eli held his questions, and his answers. Martha was becoming a first-rate operative. Oh, yes, there would be many questions about Alexander's interest in this reputed racist and drunkard.

Lex gave a curt nod and continued his catechism. "Just before noon, you witnessed Whitney Fordman—"

"The redneck thug, yes?"

"—assault Pete—"

"Inconvenience." Surely this constant flippancy would break the boy's ice, but there was not a glimmer of amusement in Lex's face. Eli's concern became alarm.

"Which then necessitated Clark to throw Fordman against some lockers. Words were passed which you could not hear, but which appeared to leave Clark shaken."

"Correct."

"After the meeting with my father and the mayor, Fordman attempted to provoke Pete again, and Clark intervened, which caused Fordman first to refer to Clark dying in a crash, and then to pull a knife—"

"This object I would not call a knife. This object I would call a piece of scrap metal with cheap plastic bolted to one end. Rather I should attack someone with a fish head or a potato."

"Which then precipitated your assault on Fordman. Do I have my facts straight?"

"You do."

"Eli, are you aware that you are supposed to be protecting Clark?"

Oh, he was furious. Always fire and ice when he was furious. His eyes were just like his mother's. "Yes, Sasha, I have a passing familiarity with this fact."

Lex leaned forward, his face like marble. "The moment you laid eyes on Karloff, you should have turned around and taken Clark home."

"To do so would be to grant our enemies a victory they have not earned, and deny Clark what you have told me you want most for him."

The ice in Lex's face threatened to shatter. "A normal life?"

"Yes."

"He's under attack. He's surrounded. The risks have to be weighed on a day-to-day basis, Eli, and I won't have either of those fucking sadists laying hands on him—"

"I think today was an object lesson in the cricket laying hands on the sadists, with praiseworthy effect."

"God damn it, Eli, I won't have—"

"There is some information you should add to your timeline." Eli abruptly decided to throw more fuel on the fire hidden beneath Lex's ice. An explosion would, at this point, be therapeutic. "During the late morning, Martha went to the mansion and confronted your father about the missing negatives."

Lex's eyes widened. "Alone?"

"Yes. Ms. Teskey informs me that Martha and Pamela have bonded over a philosophy of female empowerment and unilateral action." Eli managed not to roll his eyes at female empowerment and unilateral action, although, between himself and himself, his admiration for Martha Kent's courage was only enhanced by the venture.

"What happened? Is she all right?"

"What happened is not entirely clear. My informant could not hear the entire conversation."

"You're going to tell me what they heard." If Lex's hand clutched his coffee mug any tighter, it would shatter. Eli sighed.

"The conversation concerned the location of the negatives and the creature's motives for hoarding them. Violation of privacy was discussed. The particle accelerator lab was discussed. Your abduction was mentioned. A certain social gathering in Metropolis where Martha and your father first met was discussed."

Lex's expression of surprise quickly disappeared.

"When the servants entered the room after Martha left, your father had wine on his face and was shouting after Martha that she was insane."

Nothing could have prepared Eli for what the boy did next; proof positive, if any were needed, that the strain of the past few months had pushed Alexander to the breaking point. Lex lunged forward, thrust his hand inside Eli's suit jacket, yanked out his weapon and turned to sprint toward the door.

Eli had him up against the wall with his arm behind his back in two seconds, his fingers pressing into the inside of Lex's wrist. "Drop the weapon, Alexander." Lex's only response was an anguished gasp as Eli's fingers pressed deeper into his wrist. "Drop it at once!"

Lex uttered a snarl and dropped the pistol; Eli released him at once and retrieved the weapon, eyeing the boy as one should any dangerous man driven to extremes. "That is better."

"Better?" Lex was shouting, and Eli could not have been more relieved to hear it. "You know what happened! He tried-- He put his fucking hands on Martha!"

"We do not know this. Her family was with her when she called, therefore I have not had the opportunity to speak to her alone. Pamela is medicated and asleep."

Lex stepped closer, every muscle poised to strike, and Eli prepared for the possibility of another inconvenience. "You know him! Damn it, Eli, this is Martha. She's family. And if he's hurt her, I will blow his balls off, and there will be nothing you or anyone else can do to stop me."

"And as entertaining as that might be, it will not further our goal of safety for the Kent family," Eli said sharply. "In fact, it will only place them in greater danger."

Lex stared at him, still panting. Eli came closer, laying his hands on Lex's shoulders. "Sasha. You know this. What is it you are not telling me?"

Lex's gaze became anguished, and with a muttered "nothing" he turned toward the pantry and disappeared inside. Eli heard him descending to his lair below, and sighed. Now the boy would pore over his hacked data files, his surveillance feeds, his floor plans and network architecture documentation, or stare at the silent machine from another world, as if it could give him answers and not simply more questions. It seemed that his effort to release some of the pressure on Alexander had only increased it.

Well. There was one source of pressure that could be eliminated, and Eli would take great pleasure in doing so. Eli slung his coat over his arm and stalked toward the front door.

***

"Oh." Chloe scanned the Daily Planet article on the computer screen, wondering why, for once, it didn't feel quite right. After all, this was public record. It wasn't as if she'd opened up a grave or something. She shifted uneasily in her chair, glancing around her bedroom as if she expected the privacy police to materialize through the walls. She'd never felt that way before.

"Oh, what?" Pete snapped with more impatience than was usual even for him. "Did you find something or not?"

"Julian was Lex's brother," Chloe said quietly.

"Was?"

"He died of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome when he was a couple months old."

Pete looked away. "How old was—"

"Seven." Her mother had left when she was seven. She knew about seven. "Seven."

Pete said nothing for a moment. "Too bad," he said finally. "And then his mom—"

"When he was eleven."

Pete made a visible struggle to regain his balance. "Well. Sucks to be Lex Luthor."

Chloe tore her gaze from the computer screen to rake it over Pete's face, shocked.

Pete sat up straight on the end of her bed with an annoyed expression. "What? What?"

"Could you get any colder?" Chloe snapped. "We're talking about a dead baby here."

Pete looked a little embarrassed, but it didn't stop his stupid mouth. "A dead baby who died years ago, Chloe. Why would Lugosi be so worked up over that? Why wouldn't Clark talk about it?"

Chloe turned away, hands clenched. "You've never lost anybody, have you? Never."

Pete fell silent.

Chloe was glad Pete couldn't see her face. She blinked impatiently. "I still have nightmares about the day I couldn't find my mother. A mother who left years ago. Do you get it?"

"No." Pete's voice was quiet. "But I believe you."

"So why wouldn't Eli get worked up over it? He was Mrs. Luthor's friend, like, forever. And if Lex has been talking to Clark about what happened, do you think Clark should shout it to the world?"

"Why not?" Pete snapped. "It's about the Luthors, isn't it? Public Enemy Number One? It's the truth, right? I thought that's what you were all about."

Chloe turned to stare at her monitor. "There are lines," she heard herself saying.

Pete snorted. "Since when?"

Chloe thought about since when. Since when was a good question. "I guess," she said softly, "Since I found out I had a friend who might die if I crossed the wrong one."

***

"Where the hell have you been?"

Lex turned off the lights. Somehow it was easier talking to Beelzebub in the dark. "Good afternoon, Dad. Have you had a nice day?" He lit the first candle.

"What game are you playing now? I've been calling you all afternoon! I must have left half a dozen messages—"

"Seven. I do apologize, but I'm afraid I was otherwise engaged. Shall we proceed to business?" Lex lit another candle.

"Otherwise engaged." Lex could almost see Lionel's sneer. "Meaning you were indulging in yet another sordid liaison with your…friend."

Lex paused in the act of lighting the third. Sordid. Sordid and Lex's relationship with Clark Kent were simply not in the same universe. Lionel knew that, of course. If he truly believed that Clark was no more than a cheap screw, he'd have given Lex his blessing with a song in his heart. "I would very much appreciate it if you would refer to Clark in the appropriate manner."

Lex was gratified to hear a startled silence of almost a full second. "And that would be?"

"Clark," Lex said, very slowly and distinctly as he lit the third candle, "Is my partner."

More silence. "Partner. In what context?"

"In every context."

"As the temporary administrator of a large portion of your estate." Lionel sounded supremely confident in his assessment.

Lex chuckled. Poor, bleeding bastard. He had no clue. "As the permanent administrator of my life." Yet more silence. There were indeed moments in life worth savoring. "Shall we discuss tomorrow's agenda?"

When Lionel finally spoke, Lex could have sworn he heard an aghast splutter. "You've lost your mind. These people have, inadvertently or not, robbed you of—"

"On the contrary, it's I who am hopelessly indebted to them. I'm considering bankruptcy proceedings."

"Lex. For God's sake, try to see this situation for what it is. I realize that the Kents entered into this absurd agreement with the best of intentions, but we both know they've been shamelessly manipulated by Pamela Jenkins for her little campaign of retribution." 

"Yes, it was a lovely little check, wasn't it? I anticipate checkmate in less than three moves."

"You're trying my patience, Lex. I thought we had an understanding. An alliance."

"We do. However, Pamela Jenkins' actions do not fall within the purview of our agreement. I was merely expressing an aesthetic appreciation for the lady's skill."

Lionel sighed. "Her hatred of me has blinded her to your interests."

Lex lit the next candle, unperturbed. Lionel was interesting today. "How so?"

"We're talking about dirt-poor farmers who will very shortly have a respectable fortune dropped into their laps. They don't have any idea how to administer that much wealth, Lex. You won't have a penny left by the time they're done."

"You have a bad habit of underestimating your adversaries, Dad. It'll do you in in the end."

"And I hardly need add that no one in their position, not even the incorruptible Kents, could resist the temptation of dipping their hands in the till for any significant length of time."

Lex smiled. There had been a time not long ago when Lex would have believed that. But wherever else Lionel held sway, it was not here, on Kent terra firma. "Ah. Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely."

Lionel laughed. "Surely the old man is proof positive of the adage."

"No, I don't think so. I think Frank Herbert put it more accurately."

"Oh?"

"Power attracts the corruptible."

Silence. "What is this nonsense about a school, Lex?"

Lex howled in silent laughter. Game, set, and match to the unsuitable heir. "I'm sure Chloe made the proposal in a perfectly coherent manner. She's very well-spoken. In fact, she has a first-rate mind."

"I'm not interested in Chloe Sullivan's mind or manner. This exceeds the boundaries of our agreement, Lex. By several light-years."

"In specifics, perhaps. But I believe the request lies well within the spirit of our agreement."

"You evidently have a far broader definition of spirit than I do."

"I think it's safe to say that's a given."

"To offer our ancestral home as a shelter for the genetically defective was deliberately provocative. The resulting discussion has cost me a convenient political alliance."

Oh, sweet Jesus. Better than he'd hoped for. Lex wondered how long it would take Smallville's beloved mayor to clean out his desk. "Kindly spare me the ancestral home routine. I thought I had made it clear that I am quite well-informed on that subject, along with several others of an even more unpleasant nature."

Lionel sighed. "All right, Lex. You wanted my attention? You have it. What do you really want? Besides the replicate's head on a platter; which, of course, we both know is a mutual goal."

Lex stared into the flame, focusing. Focusing. "A little bird told me that Martha Kent was at the house today."

Lionel chuckled. "Your little bird flies quickly. I congratulate you."

"That there was a rather animated discussion about certain negatives."

"Your little bird also has excellent hearing."

"That Mrs. Kent left without the negatives, and you were left standing with wine all over your face."

Lionel began to laugh again. "Correct again. The lady has a formidable temper."

"Did you touch her?" Lex asked pleasantly. "Because I believe I told you what the consequences would be if you—"

"Sullied her honor? Don't be absurd. She was in the office for no more than ten minutes. Even I can't work that fast."

Lex sent himself inside the blue heart of the flame. "I want you to understand this. Martha will tell me exactly what happened, because she considers me her son, she trusts me without reservation, and she knows that I will take appropriate and proportionate action. I will know everything I need to know by tomorrow morning."

Lionel paused. "For God's sake, Lex. I was trying to be kind."

Lex struggled not to choke on the preposterous nature of the concept. He nearly lost his focus. "I beg your pardon? You were trying to be what?"

"She was incensed that I would violate Clark's privacy when he was so young. So I explained that Clark had not been my interest."

Not his interest. Christ. Christ. "You prick," Lex whispered.

"I'm only human, Lex. I tried to reassure her. To tell her that it wasn't her fault. That Clark's abilities would have been documented sooner or later by—"

"Do you really imagine," Lex rasped, "That you are capable of undermining Martha Kent's convictions in the same way you destroyed mine? If you do, then you're further removed from reality than I had previously imagined. She is a hundred times stronger than any Luthor. A thousand times."

"Your paranoia is romping again, Lex."

"I know this woman. Martha Kent sees your remarks for what they are: a sorry attempt to deflect the blame for those photographs away from the responsible party."

"Is that what I was doing? Good heavens."

"To say nothing of attempting to gain influence over the woman who will control Pamela's fortune until Clark is of age. I'll ask again, and I want an answer this time: Did you touch her?"

"Well. I did touch her hand." Lionel sounded distinctly amused. "Before I tried to kiss her."

For the thousandth time, Lex imagined choking the living shit out of his father. He capped off the image with blowing Lionel's balls off. He maintained an even tone with difficulty. "I assume it was at this point that the lady made her displeasure known. Was it red or white?"

"It was a fine Chardonnay, and I intend to send Jonathan Kent the dry cleaning bill."

"I think you're going to eat the dry cleaning bill. Start praying that you don't eat the business end of Jonathan's shotgun as well."

"I tried to comfort the lady and she misunderstood me. That's all that happened. I'm a man, Lex, not a saint."

A saint. So many responses crowded Lex's mind that he had to close his eyes for a second. He ruthlessly silenced them all. "Fine. You're not a saint. The very stars are displaced by this towering revelation. We're going to have a discussion about your memory transfer process now."

"Excuse me?"

"Which word didn't you understand?"

"What does that have to do with the Kents?"

"Everything about your redundant wonder affects the Kents. He paid Clark and Eli a visit this morning, and made several odd references to events from my childhood which I confess intrigued me."

Lex could almost see Lionel back stiffen. "He's not stable, Lex."

"So you keep telling me."

"His memories are not reliable."

"As long as these unreliable memories compel him to stalk Clark on his way to school, they will lie within the sphere of my interest. Talk to me about discrete and coalescent matrices, Dad."

Lionel barked a forced laugh. "You’ve gained access to my files. Well done, Lex."

"I've gained access to Karloff's files, too."

"I doubt he has a firm enough grasp of the principles involved to understand the process in any meaningful way."

"I was referring to his personal files."

Silence. "Scarcely a credible source of information."

"Matrices, Dad."

"Lex, this is pointless. The technique is deeply flawed at best, as is painfully obvious. The replicate's cognitive deterioration will continue. Other brain functions will follow suit. He'll be dead in months."

"Obviously this wasn't the original plan for his demise."

"No. No." Lionel sounded unaccountably uncomfortable. "The TERC gene was manipulated."

One of the genes controlling aging. An odd choice. "Using the meteorite radiation."

"Yes, of course. It's only a matter of time now."

"It may be a long time. A very long time, being eaten from the inside out."

"A rather emotionally charged description for such a clinical process. Don't tell me you object."

"I won't. Your team did take into account the mutated state of the gene before they began tinkering with it."

"You're assuming that your TERC gene is mutated. It isn't. I had my best men on this, Lex."

"Karloff's lack of physical symptoms would indicate that either the mutation didn't take, the original itself is mutated, or both."

"Your conclusion is that our methodology is flawed?"

"My conclusion is that you need better best men. Tell me about Whitney Fordman, Dad."

"Who?"

"You are skating dangerously close to a breach of our agreement."

"Oh, for God's sake. I believe he took part in one of the clinical trials at Belle Rève. What are you—"

"Now tell me about Eddie Cole."

Silence. Then laughter. "Oh, Lex. Lex. This really has brought out the best in you. All right, fine. They were subjects in one of the later preliminary trials of the memory transfer process."

"Details, please."

"Some random memories of Cole's were duplicated and transferred to Fordman. The two matrices coalesced without incident, and Cole and Fordman were completely unharmed. Hardly anything to excite your ever-present righteous indignation."

Lex backed away from the candles to sit on the bed. The bed still held Clark's scent; Lex grabbed Clark's pillow and hugged it to him. "Explain coalescent memory matrices."

"Lex—"

"To be specific, explain why you'd need them in the first place."

"There is a great deal you don't understand about this particular field—"

"If your ultimate goal was to save Lucas by cloning him and transferring his memories to the clone, why would you want to—"

"There was almost nothing left." Lionel's voice was harsh. ”It was obvious that to have a chance at creating a reasonable facsimile of the original, more than one attempt would be required, and those results would have to be networked in such a way as to forge one neural—"

"May I ask exactly which idiot you think you're talking to? You created multiple clones of me, knowing that the memory transfer process was untried and likely to fail many times. You would have done the same with Lucas. At no point would transferring memories to an active matrix be necessary."

"What is this really about, Lex?" Lionel's voice was almost gentle; Lex ignored it.

"Are you continuing to monitor Whitney Fordman?"

"Not personally, no. The man in charge of follow-up data may be. Why?"

"Who is in charge of follow-up data?"

"Your old friend Stephen Hamilton."

Lex clutched the pillow tighter. "And would my old friend Stephen Hamilton be monitoring Eddie Cole as well?"

"More than likely."

"I want to talk to him."

Lionel barked a sardonic laugh. "So would I. He defected to the replicate's camp months ago."

"I'm sure they have phones in whatever mad scientist's lair they're holed up in. Get me a number."

"Why?"

"I will not tolerate interference with Clark's life, Clark's future or Clark's family. I thought I had made that clear to you."

"What you have not made clear is what any of this has to do with—"

"Don't insult my intelligence. The next time one of your post-op zombies commits trespassing, assault or anything else in the service of surveillance within ten yards of Clark or his family, I'll fucking blow them away, and then I'll come for you."

"Christ Jesus, Lex! Why would I do this? I've seen the boy fly. If you think some second-hand information that could easily be written off as fake for the right money could trump that—"

"Don't be absurd. You saw no such thing. If you start talking about flying farmboys, Dad, somebody's going to put you in a straightjacket."

Lionel's voice went cold. "Clark's future is now beyond your control. It's almost beyond mine. Too many people know too much. Attempting to shield this boy from his fate is an exercise in futility."

Lex ignored his plummeting stomach. "We make our own fate. You will tell Fordman to back off. Whether or not he is currently reporting to you is completely irrelevant to me."

"You're implying that I still have contact with the replicate."

"Your perceptiveness astonishes me."

"After what he did to you. After what I've done to him."

"Business is business," Lex said coolly.

Lionel's voice grew harsh. "Even if you, or he, were to consider me capable of having business dealings with a man who molested my son—"

"I wouldn't go there if I were you, Dad. Bad salesmanship."

"I have nothing left to bargain with, unless you wish me to reinstate him at LuthorCorp."

"You have me."

"I beg your pardon?"

"Tell the redundant wonder that you'll trade me for putting Cole and Fordman and whoever else he has terrorizing the countryside back in their padded room."

Lionel's breathing was strangely erratic. "I am beginning to have serious concerns about your mental health, Lex."

"Welcome to the club."

"He wouldn't be fool enough to believe I would propose exchanging my son for some—"

"Why not? He has good reason to believe that you want control of Clark, if for no other reason than the fact that he is the temporary administrator of a large portion of my estate."

"Lex—" 

"He certainly has reason to believe that you consider me unsuitable for Luthor greatness."

"You are entirely suitable for Luthor greatness."

Lex closed his eyes. "Tell him you'll throw in a cure for his little genetic problem. There's no reason to suppose that he would suspect anything, given your behavior thus far. Set it up. Tell me where he is, and I'll go."

"I will not hand you over to that monster to be killed."

"Have you considered the possibility that I might kill him?"

"I will not risk your life for the future comfort of a mutant farmboy."

"Then we have nothing further to discuss. I'll find him myself. Thank you for your time."

"I'll find him. I'll handle the matter personally."

Lex's eyes flew open. "What?"

"I'll convince him to back off. This absurd self-sacrifice in the name of true love is unnecessary."

"I see." Lex struggled to see. "He'll do this for the asking. Your claims of not being on amicable terms—"

"Are entirely truthful. I'll find him and I'll convince him; if he refuses, one of us will wind up dead."

No rules. There were no rules to this new game. Lex struggled for speech.

"Either way, my son might begin to understand that I love him. Kindly don't mention this to your little adopted family."

Lionel hung up.

Lex sat in the dark with the silent phone to his ear for a long time, until his muscles finally went limp. He eased himself to the bed on his side, clutching Clark's pillow, breathing deep, and let the phone fall from his fingers.