Wife Sharing By Hubby.

By jeevan jeevan80@hotmail.com

HI friends,

This is specially for the husbands who love to watch
their wives fucked by another man, with a nice big
cock and terrific amount of sexual experience and far
more important, the confidentiality. Yes that's why
they choose me.

I have written about voyeur husband last time and you
all appreciated it. Now I will be writing about how I
make the couple happy and fulfil their fantasy.

When I was in Madras I read an ad in the classifieds -
couple interested in friendship of males. I responded
to it and gave them my phone No to contact me. I
received the phone from the husband and he said that
he wishes to meet me. So we decided to meet at a hotel
and I gave him my vehicle number. So skipping the
details, we met and he had brought his wife with him
too. He introduced her to me as Sumangala and himself
as Sadashiv. The wife was not beautiful, but damn
sexy. She had medium built, height about 5'2" and was
fair. Her boobs were about 35 and ass 36, no narrow
waist friends. Her eyes were very beautiful; almond
shaped and full of expressions. After chatting for
some time about birds and wind etc, I invited both of
them to my house for welcome party. They agreed to
this and we fixed a Sunday for this.

On that Sunday I prepared for the party with some
booze and mutton. They came at 800 PM and we started
with the drinks. She was wearing a yellow sari and
matching blouse and looked sexy. Sadashiv sat next to
me and Sumangala sat in the middle facing me on the
mat and was sipping some beer. We chatted and I patted
the wife on her thighs while cutting joke. Sadashiv
looked at me and winked. I got the message and green
signal too. Till now we did not talk about sex and now
I had the chance to seduce the wife. I kept my hand on
her thigh and looked at her. She was looking at her
husband and he must have signalled her something
because she kept her hand on mine and pressed it.
Ohhhh the touch showed all the passion burning inside
her and I put my other hand over hers and squeezed in
reply.

I was hot now and my cock throbbed in my pants. I
pushed my hand through her sari and caught her left
boob. She gasped and moaned ohhhh! Sadashiv cane and
took off her paloo from her chest showing me the two
hungry boobs trying to jump out from her blouse. "
Dekh meri bibi ke mamme kitne bade hai. Unko jorse
daba saki ko mast kar. apne haath me le .Oh dekh mai
inko nande karta hu. Le aapne haath me le aur daba
.Suma uska lund bahar nikal aur dekh kitna mota
hai.ooh nikal uske pant ko utar." And he removed his
wife's blouse and the wife fished out my cock and
looked at it curiously. My cock stood 9 inch proud and
throbbed for touch. Sadashiv and Suma both came near
me and touched my cock. He caught it at the base and
asked his wife to lick the nice cock head. "Come Suma
chato ye lund ko chato sale ka topa kitna mast hai ri
kitna bada hai! Chat ohh mast kar sale ko!" I felt
Suma's tongue on my cock head, moving all over it and
making circles, depositing her saliva as her tongue
travelled. It felt wonderful. I was pressing those two
beautiful melons of his wife in front of him. Suma's
boobs were conical in shape and did not sag a bit.
They were hard and fleshy. The aureoles were big and
the nipples were tiny and hard. I could catch each in
my hand easily. As I pressed the boobs Suma gasped and
increased her tongue action on my cock. I felt
Sadashiv holding my cock at the base tightly, making
it throb with blood. I continued to fondle the boobs
and then lowering my mouth caught the nipple in my
lips and then tried to put the entire breast in my
mouth as if I was going to swallow it. Then I did the
same with the other boob.

We all were excited and Sadashiv made his wife lay on
her back and asked me to lie above her in 69 position.
My mouth was near his wife's cunt and for the first
time I saw the swollen pussy of his wife. The pussy
had nice thin layer of pussy hair over the entire
surface. Unlike the other cunts it was more swollen
and stood out from its position. I parted the pussy
hair and saw the pink hole which was wet now. The
labia were swollen, triangular and tick too. I could
see the red tipped clitoris begin to come out of its
hood waiting for touch. Her cunt was real nice and I
felt like eating it. I darted my tongue out and licked
the entire slit,  moving my tongue all along the
fleshy labia.

Sadashiv must be watching this and said, "ohh chooso
!meri bibi ki choot chooso! Dekho kaise gand hila rahi
hai! Ohh Suma jeevan ka lund muha ke aander le lo! Aur
usko chodo! Oh bada majja aa raha hai meri bibi ko
lund chooste dekh kar. Ohh Sali kaisee choodasi hoo
gayee hai!" Sadashive was enjoying the real show now.
Now I had my tongue in her magic hole of his wife and
was fucking her with it. By this time his wife had
swallowed my 5 inches of cock and was sucking on it,
moving her head as if she was fucking it. Then I felt
hands on my scrotum and they were Sadashivs'! he was
telling his wife to fondle my balls and roll them in
her palm and showing her himself! His wife while
sucking my cock now fondled my balls too! It felt
wonderful friends! Now sadashiv had put his hands on
the boobs of his wife and was massaging them. I felt
his wife suck my balls in her mouth first one then the
second. She rolled them in her mouth and oohh it felt
wonderful. Now sadashiv lay besides his wife and was
watching her each action intently and massaging his
cock over his pant. I was now feeling the mouth of his
wife again on my cock while her fingers rubbed my ass
hole. She had managed to push her finger in my ass
hole and was moving it all around, touching the
sensitive spinchter. My cock jumped in her mouth with
this new feeling and my tongue searched for her clit
and found it swollen.
"Sali ka dana chato Jeevan! Bahut khujala rahi hai !
ohh usko tumhara lund chooste dekh mai to maast ho
gaya! Le sali jeevan ka pura lund muha me le! Pura 9
inch! Ohh dekho kaise maast ho gayee hai mota lund
chooste chooste!" Sadashive encouraged her in his
excitement and I too sucked her entire clit in my
mouth. She jumped and moaned over my cock and took it
deep in her throat and sucked hard. I thought I would
come but I had to fuck his wife in hr cunt more than
anything and he wanted my big cock to enter his wife's
pussy and watch it  stretch her and fuck her. But I 
had to push my fingers in the ass of his wife as she
was doing the same to me. So I wetted my fingers from
her cunt and put one in her ass hole. Oh it was so
tight ! I felt her swallow my finger and then push it
out. Oh she was enjoying this! I pushed it further and
found the ring of muscles controlling her canal. The
inside of her ass  was knotty ,hot and delicate. She
moaned again and now her ass moved in excitement.

"Ohhh Jeevan Chodo muze! I can't wait now! Ohh put
that big cock of yours in my cunt !oohh dalo jaldi se!
aur dikhao mere husband ko uske bibi kaisee chudati
hai! Sala meri choot me doosronka lund ghusadna
chahata hai! Le dekh teri bibi kaisee chudati hai!
Oohh Chodo! Chodo! Jaldi se!" saying so his wife took
my lund out of her mouth and lay on her back,
spreading her legs wide. Sadashiv too got up and was
waiting to see my cock going into the cunt of his
wife. I put my cock head on the opening and pushed my
ass forward, making my cock go into the tight cunt.
Suma's cunt was wet and slippery due to the foreplay
we had and I did not have any problem in pushing my
entire cock in her cunt. Sadashiv looked with sparkles
in his eyes as my entire cock disappeared in his
wife's pussy. "Ohh jeevan see how your cock stretched
the poor cunt of my wife. Fuck her! Chodo sali ko! Ohh
my own wife taking your cock in her cunt before her
husband! Ohh fuck her ! I want to see her happy with
your cock. Ffuucckkk hherrr!" with that I started to
thrust my cock in and out of the tight cunt of his
wife. Suma was moving her ass in circular motion to
rub her entire cunt on my cock and moaning loudly. I
could feel my cock touching her inner depths and her
cunt muscles gripping my cock. Oohh what a cunt!   As
I fucked my cock into her I could feel her vagina
getting more wet and making my cock feel better. Ohhh
fuckkk! So nice!  I  caught her two swaying boobs in
my hands and kneaded them hard, fucking her fast. "Ohh
mere balls dabao jeevan! Jorse! Meri choot phad dalo!
Chodo muze! Mera pati kaise dekh raha hai! Dekho
tumhari bibi dusroo ka lund lete hue! Dekho! Oohh
mmmaastt laag raha hai ri ! sala mota lund meri choot
me dalkar dekho kaise chod raha hai! Oohhhh yyeesss
ffuucckk mmeee! Chodoo! Aahhh aaiiii!"suma was
delirious with the pleasure my cock was giving to her,
and her hubby watching her get laid by my big cock.  I
felt her cunt muscles alternately contract and relax 
and her cunt spraying cunt juice on my cock as she
came. "Oohhh ii am ccooommiinngg!" And with this she
became still and thrust her cunt on my ass. Ohh I
never saw a lady come so strong. Her husband watched
her come and kissed her on the lips joining in the
throes of passion of his wife. "Ohhh come Jeevan! Let
her feel your hot come in her pussy!  Ohhh see how she
enjoyed! Come in her cunttt! Come! And I could not
control my self and came deep in her cunt. Her cunt
muscles relaxed to welcome my hot sperm in the depths
of her pussy. Oohhh what a coming! I lay on top of his
wife and kissed her for the satisfaction she gave me.
My cock started to go limp and came out of her cunt
allowing the thick globs of sperm to come out of her
cunt. Sadashiv went to his wife's cunt and rubbed my
come all over it smiling happily and kissing and
licking his wife's just fucked cunt. In that he also
licked away my come out of his wife's pussy. While he
was doing this, he unzipped his pants and took out his
small cock and thrust it in her cunt. Feeling his cock
inside the wife immediately started to move her ass to
fuck him. "Ohh yes now I can fuck my wife! Ohh her
cunt is so slippery with the come! Ohh god yesss I
love to fuck my wife with all the come inside! Ohhh
yyeessss! And he fucked her very fast and hastily. I
wondered why? I was watching this and he fucked his
own wife in front of me. Ohh and I felt Suma's mouth
on my cock and she was sucking it while her hubby was
fucking her! "Ohh see her! Dekho sali dusra lund choos
rahi hai aur mai uskee choot maar raha hu! Ohh I want
her to be fucked by many cocks! Oohhh yes suck that
cock! Chooso! Suma! Ohh yeesss ii aamm ccommiinngg!
His body went limp and he came in his wife's cunt and
lay on her gasping for breath. Suma too came with
shivering of her body and she was shaking all over as
she came. My cock was  still buried in her mouth! I
felt her mouth tighten and even her teeth scrap my
cock as she came.  Then Suma took away my cock from
her mouth and caressed her husband very lovingly,
kissing him lightly all over and thanking him for all
this.

I saw what real love was! This was the love, which I
could see now! The total understanding between the
husband and wife! Yes it was great! I felt it and saw
it too. The wife who was just fucked by another man,
before her husband, caressing him so affectionately
after he came.

I rested for some time and then we had our drinks and
dinner. In the night I fucked his wife twice, once in
the cunt and then in the ass. Every time during my
fucking he used to get erection and could fuck his
wife just for 3-4 minutes and that was sufficient for
her to achieve most intense orgasms I rarely saw.

Comments /suggestions are welcome. All the husbands
out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked
by stranger Please feel free to write to me, I will
try to fulfil your fantasy.. Any husband wants me to
do this to his wife? Any wife wants me? All are
welcome. I solve sexual problems as well as marriage
problems. Confidentiality assured and expected too.
Any girl wishes to learn? All ladies and horney girls
are welcome. I love young girls too. Want to play
roles for real?? Feel free to write. Write to me at
jeevan80@yahoo.com
 


jeevan80@yahoo.com

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!
