The attached work of erotic fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, excerpts may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sights.


   Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009 by J.  Saunders.

   If you are an editor and wish to publish this story
   contact me at: jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk

   This and other works may be found here:
   http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Jill/


Encouragement in the form of pictures of your girlfriend / wife / mistress are also welcome, send to jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk  If its not yours then don't send it (no spam).


Introduction:  This is a part of a completed story.  It may not be to everyones tastes.



Jills story - Part 8


In the morning I decide to call in sick, I havent slept and despite taking pain killers my nipples are still aching.  I dont feel like making my way through rush hour, brushing up against people and risking more pain, so instead I sleep away most of the day.  In the evening the pain starts to subside, it has been over 24 hours but I keep the patches on, scared of making the pain worse again.

I wake up Friday having slept very well the night before, I feel completely refreshed.  My nipples are still very tender but not painfully so.  I decide to leave the nipple patches on again and wear a normal cup bra today.  I am sure Steve is eager to get his hands on me after the past two days which does make me worried.

At the office and Dave is not in, I was hoping to meet with him about the black device and see what I could see about his involvement in this whole thing.
In the afternoon as I expected I get a message from Steve, it doesnt come from a company mailbox but as soon as I see the name I start worrying.  He says he is not in today but expects me to dress properly on Monday when he will be back in.  I must wear panties like the ones I had on in the photos and a skirt so he can get easy access.  He missed me yesterday and Wednesday and expects me to make up for it on Monday in full.
Im not sure what he thinks making up for it entails but I am just glad that he is not in today.

That night at home I stand naked again in front of the mirror.  My nipples still covered by the patches, I decide that I will remove them over the weekend.  My boyfriend has often hinted that I should getting nipple rings, I have always been adamant that I never would, luckily he won't be home this weekend.  
I am going to have to spin it that I changed my mind and got them for him because I missed him, which sounds week even to me.  I do miss him though, the security and simplicity.
On Sunday night I prepare myself to remove the patches, standing in front of the mirror I work the edges of the patches away from my skin going carefully around the full circle of my areola.  They come away easily enough revealing my big nipples with a bar through each.  It doesnt look bad but I worry about how it will show.  I must get more subtle bars I think, these ones stick out too far on either side of the nipple.

On Monday morning I get dressed in a skirt and pull on my present from Peter, the split panties, underneath.  I hesitate but then put on one of my new mini cup bras, hoping to appease Steve with it, even though my nipples are sticking over the top of the cups and show all too well through the blouse, especially now with their piercings  they are never less than semi erect now.  Looking myself over in a full length mirror, I have to admit that I do look good in the half cup bra with my tits pressing against the blouse material.  I can see my nipples and the piercing but it is not too obvious I think, I hope.
On the way to work men study my chest a little more than usual, they are probably trying to decide if my nipples are a strange shape.

At work I see Dave is in, I apologise to him for missing our meeting last week and we arrange to meet later in the morning.  The time comes and I go over to Daves desk and pull up a chair next to him so I can see his monitor.
Dave takes me through the code he has been working on, explaining what he has done with reference to the documentation.  There is not the slightest hint of an alternative motivation or carnal knowledge in his manner or voice while he is explaining and showing me the code.  I cant understand it, he must be involved surely?  After all the camera, as I am sure the black device is, is on his desk and connected to his computer.  Then he shows me that he is talking to the device using TCP/IP, oh I think, then the device is in fact connected directly to the network, I ask him and he confirms it is on the LAN.  Hmm I think, and I start paying more attention to his code and explanations.  It looks like what he is doing is simple enough, I cant see anything wrong with it.  We break for lunch, Dave suggests we grab a sandwich together, I think here it comes.  We head down the elevator and out to a caf, I am waiting expectantly but all I get from Dave is small talk.  On our way back it has got a little windy outside and I have left my jacket at my desk.  My nipples stiffen in the breeze, it feels a little strange with the bars through the nipples, I glance down quickly and see the protruding bars have become more evident now on either side of each nipple, I fold my arm over my tits obscuring the nipples.
Back at Daves desk and there has still been absolutely no hint of anything extra-work from him so I decide to ask some pointed questions and draw him out.  I ask him if he has a full list of the functions available through the device, he says he does and shows me a document which claims to be a full list.  I reach out and pick up the device, brushing his arm with my breast and nipple by mistake as I do.  My nipple immediately hardens from the stimulation of the bar and only a thin blouse covering against Daves arm.  Daves arm stiffens slightly at that, maybe he felt the hardness of the nipple or the bar.  He doesnt show any other reaction to me picking up the device.  I turn it over and examine it closely, I can make out that the covering is translucent and I think I see what looks like a camera lens in the darkness behind the cover.  There is nothing extraordinary about it otherwise, I look for something on the desk I could put it behind so that there would be no line of sight to my desk, but Dave is tidy and the spot that I picked it up from is the only obvious spot for it so I put it back down there.  This time I purposefully brush my nipple along his arm and linger for a moment with my arm stretched out, I know he can see down my top from his angle and sure enough he looks.  I see surprise register in his face and he looks away quickly, he doesnt know I was watching closely and I dont make it obvious.  I am not buying his innocent faade, so I bait him further by asking if he has run any network diagnostic tools on the device, without hesitation he says no, he didnt think to, I suggest we do and Dave thinks its a good idea.  I am surprised that he is ok with this, I am sure that the device must be sending video via the network link and Dave must be aware of that, we will surely see this if we scan it.  We speak to Matt and get authorisation to install network scanning software and scan the device, Ben from IT security comes and installs the software for us on Daves machine with his Administrator privileges.  We scan the IP address that Dave has for the device for open ports and only see the documented port open.  There is not much traffic on that port which we discover by sniffing packets, in fact all we see is the traffic we generate to and from the device.  I am excepting more, video stream traffic would be constant and large.  Dave doesnt seem to know what I am looking for.  Maybe the video stream is off or it stores the video?  The device would need to have a lot of memory to store any length of video I think.  Then I think, maybe the video traffic is on a different IP and Dave knows that so he is not worried about sniffing the packets on the known IP.  This will surely bring Dave out I think, I say lets sniff all packets to the MAC address of the device, Dave thinks thats a good idea and starts configuring the software.  Now I am amazed, maybe there is no video stream.  Dave executes the sniffing scan on the MAC address, suddenly his monitor is very active with hundreds of packets picked up on the devices MAC address.  Dave is surprised, he looks at me, then he curses the device support people and says they must have left some other configuration on the device, they have wasted his time.  Hmm, either Dave is a very good actor or he has no idea that the device also has a camera, and hence no idea of my situation.  
Suddenly I feel sorry that I suspected Dave, I knew he was a genuine guy and I havent been friendly at all to him since I found the source of the photos that Steve had.  
It is too late for Dave to contact the support people today, he says he will do so in the morning.  I will be very interested to know what they have to say about what we found!

I go back to my desk to pack up for the day, feeling like I should make up my behaviour towards Dave.  Checking my messages I see I have a message from Steve as expected, he says he will see me in the lobby.  I say bye to Dave and head down with a fair bit of trepidation, what will Steve want.  I go to the back of the lobby and Steve is in the usual booth, I go in closing the door behind me.  Steve has a smile on his face, looks like he is in a good mood, he is sitting in the chair and before I even sit down he sticks his hand up under my skirt and two fingers straight through the gash in the panties and into my pussy.  Moist and warm he says, just the way I like it, I cant sit now with his hand there so I stand while he pumps his fingers in and out slowly and looks at me.  He looks down at my nipples, his smile broadens.  "nice" he says and plucks at a nipple and bar through my blouse, I quickly cover them with my hands and say angrily that they are still tender.  He smiles even more, still pumping his fingers in and out of my pussy, I can feel how slick it is becoming from the manipulation.  He pulls his fingers out and pushes me back, bum towards the desk, I sit on it.  He lifts my skirt up and bunches it around my waist then spreading my legs he goes down on my pussy which is squeezing through the gash in the panties.  I feel his tongue running up and down the whole length of my slit.  Then his two fingers are also inside my pussy, pumping in and out.  Pleasure is building inside me and starting to wash over my senses even as I fight it.  The thumb on the hand pumping in and out of my pussy finds my asshole and pushes its way in, the wetness running from my pussy providing ample lubrication it seems.  Then he is pumping his fingers and thumb together in and out of my pussy and asshole while his tongue carries on running up and down my slit and weaving from side to side.  My body cannot remain unresponsive under his assault, I grab his head and pull it to my crotch, pushing his tongue harder against my slit.  Next thing I feel the fingers are not pumping my pussy anymore, he has moved the two fingers to my asshole, they are pushed in and he starts pumping that.  My body doesnt care which holes anymore as long as he doesnt stop.  Its the tongue that drives me to become this lustful animal, he seems to have a wand on the end of it which delivers pure pleasure straight to my clit.  The fingers pushing into my asshole seem to grow bigger, he must have three fingers pumping in there now.  He pushes my upper body back with his free hand until I am pressed against the partition with my shoulders, I hang onto his head grinding my pussy into his mouth trying to make them one.  Then I explode with a huge climax rolling over me as his tongue munches my pussy and his fingers pump my asshole, I cant tell where the pleasure is coming from.  I feel him lift off my pussy, my grasp on his head having eased as my climax starts to subside, I am lying with my eyes closed trying to ignore the fact that I just had an amazing climax delivered by a man I hate.  Next moment I feel something big against my asshole, pushing at it, then it is in and sliding deep up my virgin hole.  My eye snap open, as Steve slams his dick home deep in my asshole and his hips meet my cheeks.   He pulls out a bit and then plunges back in, and pumps my ass.  His fingers have done their work and made my assholes wide enough and relaxed so that he could get his dick in without any difficulty.  I cant believe a man is pumping my asshole, I swore I would never let anyone ever do that.  Steve pumps my asshole faster now, I am shocked that I am getting pleasure from having my asshole pumped.  I cant believe how degraded I have become.  After just a few more pumps Steve tenses and shoves his dick in deep as he climaxes.  Finally after a few seconds and some shuddering his dick slips out.  He says Yes, that made up for last week nicely. and pulls up his pants.  He opens the door and walks away without as much as a wave, I quickly sit up and pull the door closed to cover the slippery scene.  I brush down my skirt and think what a state I must look.  Straightening my clothes as best I can, I check my hair and then head out, avoiding looking at anyone as I go.  I make it out the main door of the building quickly and head home as fast as I can.

To be continued.