I'm some sort of fucked up Elijah junkie. I catch myself rubbing my palms against the sheets, trying to still the tingle that still lingers there. I stop, because I'm afraid it might work. I curl my hands into fists instead. Not clenched fists, just closed fists. Holding fists.

Christ, I'm so pathetic.

I don't want to think about it, so I drag my pillow out from under my head and curl up around it. It doesn't help, as such, and I know I'm going to think, going to remember, going to practically fucking relive it, because ... well, because I'm some sort of fucked up Elijah junkie.

I laugh and it sounds jagged.

I open my eyes and push my tingling hands into my hair. Longish, now, though not as long as it had been while filming Pirates. My hair is coarse and springy, and I can feel it twining around my fingers, but it doesn't banish that tingle.

I shouldn't have. I should have left Elijah sitting by the bonfire, introspective and silent, but he had looked so fucking lonely. I shouldn't have nudged him in the ribs, just to see him grin up into my face. I shouldn't have liked that so much that I resorted to tickling.

I can feel him squirming under my hands.

But he had been drunk and giggly, and I had been at least half-pissed.

Temptation and all. And he hadn't actually resisted when I had pulled him away from the fire and away from the light.

My hands curl, as if around slender wrists, and I mutter a curse into my pillow.

I kissed him, really kissed him. His lips were soft and hard at once under mine, and he had hesitated only for a moment when I slid my tongue against them.

I remember fierce triumph mixed with gratitude.

His mouth had tasted of beer and something harder, possibly bourbon, and also of Elijah. The skin beneath his shirt had been warm and sleek, and I had felt how his muscles moved under his skin. I had felt the tension flood into him, too.

I remember lying to myself, I remember jumbled words in my mind attributing his sudden stiffness to nervousness.

But I have never been stupid, and I have never been blind, and I had known that he wanted me to stop then. I hadn't managed to, not quite then. There was that place I had always wanted to touch him, the hollow of his throat. I had always wanted to press fingertips or tongue to it, to feel the skin there, to feel the pulse there, in the tender place where his collar bones almost met.

I felt the tension under my hands, and I knew there would never be another chance to touch him. So I let my hands roam, let them take as much as they could in whatever brief moments he would let me have. I let go of the feel of his lips against mine (knowing it would end, knowing he would speak and end it) and pressed my mouth to his tender throat. Felt his pulse, rabbit-quick, against my lips, my tongue. Mouthed silent words (he did not want to hear them anyway) and tucked them there, into that hollow.

When his hands clutched at my shoulders, burning me with cold, and he whispered: "Don't, Orlando," I stopped.

I couldn't quite let go as I murmured a: "Why not?" that I knew he wouldn't answer.

He didn't mean to answer, but I saw his eyes, I saw where he looked, and I saw the want. It was an ugly burst of knowledge, an understanding fully formed in my brain.

Dom and Billy, sitting by the dying fire. Dom and Billy, not together, but together, everyone knew that. And old want in Elijah's eyes. Not new, but old, shadowed with pain and disappointment and wreathed in cobwebs of bitter acceptance.

And I knew, I understood, and I also knew that he would not want me to. He was holding onto that want, gripping it like I was gripping him, and he wouldn't want to share it with me, even by accident. I could feel him trembling against me.

I said something disarming, something like: "Not one of them," and watched him shaking his head, murmuring that it wasn't like that.

I knew it wasn't. I knew what it was like. I knew that it was not one of them.

So I lied, and held him like he needed me to, like a friend, murmuring the stupid nonsense of comfort words and letting him think I didn't understand, didn't see what he wanted. Let him think I had seen something other than what I had seen. I had given him an open-ended invitation, and I had meant it, but I had done it mostly because he would have known something was wrong if I hadn't.

I had kissed his hair while we walked back to the fire, and tried to memorize the way it slid against my lips, tickling and silky.

I press my lips together, lick them. Cup my palms and feel him there.

Ghost Elijah.

If I close my eyes, I could see the light from the bonfire flickering on Billy's face again. I could see his surprise, though it is a subtle expression.

Most of Billy's expressions are like that. Subtle, with layers. But this expression had not been quite as subtle as the normal for Billy, and I think that it was an indication of the depth of the emotion.

If Elijah had looked at Billy then, he might have learned something. He hadn't, though. He had flopped onto the sand next to Dom, boneless grace, and nicked Dom's beer from Dom's unresisting hands.

I had looked at Billy, though, and Billy had looked at me. And I saw Billy understand the same way I had, all at once, epiphany. Saw him bend his face down, to hide his expression. If I had been able to see his face, would it have been triumph and gratitude, like me? He hadn't shown me, but I hadn't really wanted to see anyway. When he looked up again, he looked the same as always, like Billy, except for maybe a trace of pity around the eyes.

I had gone then, just slipped off into the dark without saying goodbye.

It had seemed prudent. Or it had seemed like escape. Or both.

And now Ghost Elijah is on my skin, tingling in my palms, and I can feel him against my lips, the tickle of his hair, the wet warmth of his open lips, the secret hollow at the base of his throat. It's all still there, and I can touch him in my mind and feel it with my skin.

But I can never really touch Elijah again.

Only Ghost Elijah.

And I wonder how long he will stay.