Jenn and Sabine
by Sabineteas

I had gotten a job with a lawyer, named Jennifer Lawton, recently and the two of us seemed to hit it off fairly well for employer and employee.
I had majored in English Literature in college and if you didn’t want to teach, there weren’t many jobs for you. This was my first really good job since graduating. I was now 36 and a long ways away from my first sexual experiences with my girlfriend and room mate in college, Melanie.

Since I had graduated and Melanie and I had drifted apart I had had sexual encounters with men over the years but I still remembered fondly the three years of college that we had spent together, Melanie being the dominant personality and me being the submissive. In many ways I missed the excitement that that relationship had given me.
After about a month of working with Jennifer the two of us had gone out for dinner one Friday and unfortunately I had too much to drink and as I found out on the next Monday that I had said way too much to Jennifer about my life and sexual experiences, especially with Melanie.
It was late in the afternoon on Monday when Jennifer called me into her large, well appointed office. She was seated behind her large desk and had me sit in front of it.
“Sabine, we had a good time Friday night, didn’t we?”
Not knowing where this was going I agreed with her.
“Yes, I think we did.”
“Do you remember all that we talked about?”
I was slightly embarrassed. I wasn’t sure that I remembered all of the evening.
“I think so.”
She smiled at me.
“Do you remember telling me about you and Melanie?”
I felt my face heating up. I couldn’t have been stupid enough to tell her about that, could I?
“Uh, no, I don’t.”
“Well you did and I found it very interesting, Sabine.”
“Uh, what actually did I say about Melanie and me?”
“Ah, you aren’t sure of what you said, are you?”
“No.”
“Let’s just say that you mentioned the games that the two of you used to play. And I got the impression that you really enjoyed them. That you kind of missed them. That you might be willing to play again, with the right person, a strong, dominant person. Someone who could give you the opportunity to act out fantasies that you have been supressing for a number of years.”
“I’m not sure about that, Jennifer.”
“I think that I might the person you could be looking for Sabine. Why don’t you lock the door.”
I just looked at her for a few moments, unsure of her, of me. Then I got up and walked to her office door and locked it. I returned to the chair I had been sitting in and sat down. I was nervous.
“Now, let’s talk about you Sabine. You appear to have a desire, supressed for a number of years, to be told what to do. You as much as told me that you would like to do risky things, things with a chance of you being caught, let’s say showing more than you should. At least that is enough for a start, yes?”
I didn’t know what to say to that, so I said nothing.
We both sat, looking at each other, Jennifer with a small smile and me, my mind going so fast and wondering what was coming. Finally she spoke again.
“Stand up Sabine.”
I did. Jennifer looked at me, still with that small smile.
“I see that you do like to take orders.”
I still didn’t know what to say, so I said nothing.
“Cat got your tongue?”
“No, I just don’t know what you want me to say Jennifer.”
There was another uncomfortable silence as she looked at me after I had said that.
“OK, since we were out Friday night I spent most of the weekend thinking about what you disclosed to me, Sabine. Probably without even knowing that you had. And I found out that thinking about you and Melanie touched something inside me that I didn’t know was there. But something that I found exciting to me.”
I stood there wondering how much I had told her, thinking that maybe I had said way to much about Melanie and me.
“So today Sabine, I have been thinking about everything, my feelings that I didn’t know that I had, and your pent up, buried desires, that maybe you didn’t know that are inside of you.”
My stomach was in knots.
“So let’s just see how much of what you said in a somewhat drunken state you really do feel, shall we. Take off your clothes, all of them Sabine.”
I just stood there in front of Jennifer, dumbfounded. I didn’t believe that I had just heard what she said. But I also had a feeling of excitement inside me. I was now thinking of actually doing it, stripping in her office, just because she had told me to do it and damnit, it excited me. But I wasn’t all that comfortable about it either. So I didn’t do it.
Jennifer looked at me, still with that little smile.
“All right, a little concerned are you? I won’t do anything to totally embarrass you, Sabine, at least not right away. But I do want you to obey me. And deep inside you, I think you want to obey me too. So, take off your clothes, now!”
It was that demand, right at the end, the NOW, that did it for me. She was another woman, she wasn’t going to see anything she couldn’t see in a mirror. And the thought of obeying her, of stripping naked in an office, during the day, at work, with people all over the office, just not in this one small part of it, just flat out did it for me. It was just the two of us, the door was locked. It was scary, but not really. So I began to strip.
I took off my blazer, blushing as I did it, thinking of how much more was going to come off. I stood with it in my hands…
“Just fold it neatly and put it on the other chair.”
I did as I was told, then removed my sensibly lengthed skirt, leaving me in blouse, pantyhose, bra and panties. The skirt was folded and laid on top of my blazer. I unbuttoned my blouse and removed it, suddenly embarrassed at how plain my bra was and how my pantyhose were not very sexy at all. I sat down and tugged my pantyhose below my ass and pushed them down and off. They were stretched out and kind of shapeless after me having worn them all day long. I didn’t fold them, I wadded them up and set them with my blazer and skirt and blouse. Now in just very plain bra and panties I looked at Jennifer again. She had a much bigger smile.
“Don’t stop now, Sabine.”
I unhooked and removed my bra, letting my b-c tits out, embarrassed that my nipples were already hard. The bra joined the rest of my clothes. I closed my eyes, my thumbs went in my pantie waistband and then I pushed them down. I could feel them sliding down my legs and I stepped out of them. I bent, picked up my panties and set them on the top of my clothes. God! I was naked in my boss’s office! Just because she had told me to strip. It was a struggle to keep my hands at my sides, to not cover up, but I managed to do that.
“Come here Sabine.”
I walked on shaky legs around the desk to stand right at Jennifer’s right, except she had turned to face me. She was dressed in very chic, elegant, business clothes, I was totally naked. My face was burning up, my nipples hard as rocks, tingling, my pussy tingling also.
Jennifer sat there, smiling as she looked at me, from my face down to my breasts, nipples hard, down my belly to my well furred pussy. She reached up and cupped my breasts, making me gasp, and rubbed her thumbs over my erect nipples.
“You have nice tits, Sabine.”
She squeezed them, still rubbing my nipples with her thumbs and I began to pant. God I was embarrassed, but also very excited. This was exactly what Melanie had done to me those many years ago, in college. Telling me to strip, to be naked in front of her, while she had all her clothes on, feeling my breasts and nipples.
“Spread your legs a bit.”
My feet moved, almost involuntarily, perhaps a foot apart. Jennifer ran one hand down my body, through the hair above my pussy lips, then cupped my pussy in her hand.
“We have to do something about all this hair, Sabine.”
Then her finger slid right up inside me, making me gasp even louder. She chuckled softly.
“You know that you are very wet, don’t you?”
“Yesssss.”
“You’re not a virgin either, right?”
“Noooo.”
Said as she rotated her finger inside my pussy. It made a little sucking noise, God I was so wet! Her thumb on that hand pushed between my pussy lips and found my clit, bumping it, rubbing it as her finger up inside me kept rotating. My hips moved involuntarily, like I was fucking her finger.
“You are a hot little bitch, aren’t you?”
“Yesssss.”
Jennifer kept finger fucking me and rubbing my clit until she felt that I was going to have an orgasm, and then she stopped, pulling her finger out of me. I moaned softly.
“Please…”
“No, you don’t get to cum Sabine.”
I shuddered.
“Turn around and bend over.”
I did as I was told.
“Reach back and pull your ass cheeks apart.”
When I did she ran a finger over my puckered asshole. I gasped.
“Is this virgin?”
“Noooo….”
“Had it up the ass, have you?”
She giggled, she fucking giggled.
“Yesss..”
Her finger pushed on my asshole and I felt it slid up that also, gasping once more. It felt strange, it had been a long time since any thing had been up that hole, not since Melanie had fucked me there, but it felt good too, even though I had not always enjoyed taking it up the ass. Bent over, ass cheeks pulled apart and Jennifer’s finger up my ass, God it was so dirty, but so exciting, just like I remembered with Melanie.
“We are going to have so much fun Sabine. But first things first. We need to get your cunt trimmed up and I need to decide what we are going to do. But definitely we need to get some toys for you and me both. And you are going to be nice and obedient, aren’t you?”
“Yes, Jennifer, I will.”
“But, one thing we are going to do now that I think you will enjoy daily, Sabine. I don’t like your pantyhose or your choice of bra and panties. So, from now on, you won’t wear any of those.”
“I straightened up and turned to face her, my face shocked.
“But….”
“No Sabine, you will obey me! I don’t want to see you in pantyhose and I don’t want you to wear a bra or panties any more, do you understand?”
“But….”
“I’ll buy you some thigh highs to wear and if I want your blouse opened I want to see your bare tits and if I want your skirt lifted I want to see your cunt. Now, put on your blouse, skirt and blazer and throw the the other things away.”
I got dressed without my underwear. On the way out of her office with everything else crumpled in my hand…
“Look up my hairdresser in my address book and call and make an appointment for 8 tonight. We’ll go to dinner, stop and get some things and then go to the appointment.”
And that is how I found myself, sitting at my desk outside Jennifer’s office, feeling cool air up my bare legs, my stiff, hard nipples brushing on my blouse whenever I moved. Oh yes, it was exciting, but also very nervous feeling since I felt that anyone who walked by me had to know that I had no underwear on.
A little after 5PM Jennifer came out to my desk and we left for a quick dinner. Of course she wanted to see how obedient I was. She had me sit next to her in a booth, not a normal way for two people to sit in a booth and looked at me, smirking.
“Open your jacket, please.”
I whimpered softly, I felt as though I wouldn’t like this very much. I unbuttoned my jacket and pulled it partway open. Jennifer immediately reached in under it, found one of my nipples and caressed it erect, then pinched it. I gasped softly but didn’t say anything, didn’t tell her no.
Jennifer moved to my blouse buttons and began to undo them. I grasped her hand and looked at her, eyes pleading. She just looked at me, sternly. My hand dropped. She undid four buttons and thrust her hand inside my blouse, right in the restaurant. Fondling my breasts, in a restaurant! I was scared that someone was going to see, see her hand under my blouse, feeling a breast, but God it was a turn on at the same time. I was on the inside of the booth, Jennifer on the outside, so I was sort of hidden, but still! She took her hand out of my blouse but it really looked as though it was wide open, there was a strip of skin showing almost all the way down to my skirt. Jennifer looked at me, at how my blouse was and giggled softly.
She reached down between us and I felt her fingers at the button of my skirt. I wanted to grab her hand and stop her, but I didn’t. I wanted to see what she would do to me. The button came undone, then she slid the zipper down as far as she could with me sitting. Her hand worked into my skirt. I could feel her fingers touching my pubic hair. She worked it in further and managed to reach my clit. She slowly rubbed on my clit, making it erect, making me moan, softly, quietly. She chuckled.
Jennifer leaned back and looked at me. She had this smirk on her face.
“Sabine, it looks as though you are enjoying what I am doing to you, right?”
“Kind of.”
“Just so you know Sabine, you will be showing yourself off to people of my choosing. And you won’t object to it or refuse to do what I tell you, will you?”
That kind of shocked me, but it also made me tingle and think of myself, tits out or ass bare or even totally naked in front of someone, just because Jennifer wanted it. It scared me, thinking of it, but it also made me hot.
“No….”
“Good girl. Now just so you know, women have breasts, but you don”t, you have tits. Women have vaginas, but you don’t, you have a cunt. I will use that word with you, because it is degrading and humiliating. And I may refer to you as “the cunt”, just to make sure you are humiliated.”
“OK.”
“Now come on, we need to do a little shopping before the hair appointment.”
She took me to a nearby Victoria’s Secret where she picked out a dozen pairs of thigh high stockings, all with elasticized tops so I wouldn’t have to wear a garter belt. Then we walked out to her car in the parking ramp. On the way to her car……
“Now Sabine, I want you to understand one thing. When I tell you to do something, I expect it to be done and done right away. I don’t want any arguments or complaining. You do understand, right?”
“Uh, yes.”
“And you don’t have to call me Ma’am or Mistress or anything like that.
“OK.”
We reached her car, a Cadillac Escalade. She had backed in for some reason. I walked and stood at the passenger side, waiting for her to unlock it. She got into it. The door unlocked and I opened it.
“Don’t get in just yet Sabine. Take off your clothes.”
I just stared at her in shock.
“Remember what I said, girl. Do what I tell you and right now.”
I glanced around, didn’t see anyone, but the interior lights bathed me in light, even though the door was blocking the view from the drive path, I was sure that I could be seen by anyone going by, either walking or driving. But, the idea of stripping naked in a parking ramp was getting me going…and I did what she told me. I undressed, right down to just my low heels. I was naked and my clothes had made a tidy little pile of fabric on the passenger seat. Jennifer smiled at me.
“Pick up your clothes, close the door and put your clothes in the back seat, Sabine.”
This was much harder to do. Once the door was closed I would be in plain sight alongside the car. I shuddered and then did what she told me. I felt for sure that someone was standing right on my side of the car, staring at my bare ass as I took three steps back, opened the back door and put my clothes on the seat. I shut the door, turned, closed my eyes, took a deep breath and walked back to the front door, opened it, blinking with the bright interior lights. Then I stepped up and in.
“Good girl.”
Jennifer drove off, with me naked. I was so conscious of my nudity, but I was up high in the large SUV and it didn’t seem too awfully bad. Little did I know.
We got to Jennifer’s hairdresser’s place and she parked in the open lot next to it. She turned to me after she had shut off the engine.
“Get out and shut the door.”
This was much harder to do for me, the lot was open, with many lights. I was able to be seen from the street. I would have nothing to cover myself with but my hands and arms.
“If you don’t start moving any quicker Sabine I am going to have to find out if a spanking will encourage you.”
I turned to her and just stared for a moment. I opened my door and climbed out, shutting it and standing bare ass naked in the parking lot, next to Jennifer’s SUV. She got out and went to the back of the SUV. I stood quietly but I was shaking. She came up to me and handed me a coat.
“Put this on.”
Gratefully I slipped it on and buttoned it up.
“Come on Sabine.”
I followed her into the hairdressers. Her hairdresser, Michael came up and greeted her. They did some small talk and then he and Jennifer walked to the back of the salon, me following. At the chair, Jennifer turned and smirked at me.
“Sit down, Sabine and lift the back of the coat up as you do.”
I looked at her shocked, knowing in my mind what was going to happen now and I wasn’t sure I was going to like it. I sat gingerly, lifting the coat up in back so that my bare ass was on the seat. Jennifer smirked even more.
“Open up the coat please.”
This was the moment that I knew was coming, and that I was dreading. My hands shaking, I slowly unbuttoned the coat and then closed my eyes, opened it. I heard Michael chuckle, my face turned red and hot. My traitorous nipples erected. I had kept my knees together but knew that wasn’t going to last long.
“Spread your knees apart, please.”
As embarrassing as that was, deep inside me I wanted to do it. And I slowly spread my knees apart until my pussy lips and their hairy covering was displayed to Jennifer and Michael. Along with my bare tits and nipples.
“I want that hair trimmed Michael, perhaps an inch and half wide, not more than a quarter inch long and it should all be removed from…what should it all be removed from Sabine?”
“Uh, ah, my cunt?”
“Good girl, you remembered what this is on you. Yes, Michael, all the hair off what Sabine referred to as her cunt, please.”
So I sat there, in a salon, with my coat open wide, naked underneath as Michael used first clippers on my pubic hair, trimming it down to the length Jennifer wanted then down to the bare skin on either side of the strip of hair that was to remain on my belly.
Then Michael had me slide my ass close to the edge of the chair while he began to work on my lips. He carefully used the clippers on them and the vibration made me want to move my hips, but with effort I managed to sit still, but heard Jennifer giggling as she watched me struggle to remain still. Then Michael took a razor from the drawer, lathered up my lips and slowly shaved stubble from them until I was as bare as a baby, my lips prominent, glistening. As he did that he took every opportunity to touch my pussy lips, moving them about, spreading them, ostensibly to make sure that he got every hair, but most likely to have the chance to touch my pussy.
When he finished he leaned back and looked at me, exposed to their eyes.
“She’s wet.”
If I could have gotten any more red in the face or hotter, I would have.
“I’m sure she would like to fuck right now, but I don’t want her to. Would a short suck do?”
Michael smirked and nodded.
“But first, I want you to check between her ass cheeks to make sure that there isn’t any unsightly hair there also.”
Which got me on my knees in the chair, the coat up over my bare ass and my own hands pulling each ass cheek out so the two of them could peer at my asshole and the crease of my ass. I just wanted to die of shame.
When they had finished looking at my ass crack and asshole, thankfully it did not have any hair, Jennifer told me to follow Michael.
“Jennifer, I don’t like doing that.”
“What?”
“Ah, sucking a guy.”
“Oh Sabine, so sorry, I don’t believe that I asked you if you liked it or not, just that I offered your mouth to Michael.”
So that was how I ended up in a back room at the hair salon, nude except for my heels, kneeling, with Michael’s cock in my mouth while Jennifer watched me suck. Michael just took out his cock and balls, didn’t even take his pants off. He didn’t have a huge dick, just a nice sized one that got really hard. And yes, Jennifer made me keep it in mouth until he came, which made me try to pull my head back, but she held me in place with both hands, he must have let her know somehow, and I had to take every spurt in my mouth. I gagged of course and I really do dislike when a guy cums in my mouth. I hate swallowing it too, guess what Jennifer had me do?
So after his orgasm, Jennifer told the both of us that Michael would be doing my hair from now on, and that for a tip I would be giving him a blow job after the cut and style. He was told that he would not be getting to fuck me.
Then I was allowed to put the coat back on and Jennifer and I left the salon.
Back at her car we got in it and Jennifer drove me to my apartment, telling me that she would pick me up tomorrow morning for work. But also that she was coming to my place to be sure that all my bras and panties ended up in the garbage. I was sort of embarrassed for her to see my apartment since it was not an upscale one, just the basic one bedroom which was all that I could afford.
When I let us in my apartment…
“Take off the coat, please.”
I did and she held out her hand. I gave the coat to her and she tossed it over the back of my couch.
“Show me your underwear Sabine.”
I was hoping that she had forgotten but she hadn’t. All of my bras and panties came out of the dresser and were piled on the kitchen counter. Then Jennifer had me put the coat back on but not button it. Then I had to walk her, with all my bras and panties, to the garbage chute in my building.
“Set down that stuff and remove the coat.”
I just stared at her, she couldn’t mean that…
“I can see that I may have to try spanking you to get you to mind me.”
Although getting a spanking was one of things that Melanie did to me, it wasn’t something that I really liked either, so.. I set the bras and panties down and removed the coat. Jennifer held out her hand for it and I gave it to her, standing in just my heels, naked as the day I was born. I wasn’t all that happy about this. It was my apartment building, people knew me here and I certainly didn’t want anyone here to see me naked. Jennifer smirked.
“Now, quickly but not too quickly, one piece at a time down to the garbage, please.”
I don’t know how long it took to put all my bras and panties down the garbage chute, but it seemed like forever, standing there naked while Jennifer watched smiling at me.
“Your tits sway when you bend over Sabine and I like the view of your bare ass too.”
Finally that was done and she handed me the coat once more. I hurriedly put it on and we went back to my apartment. Once inside…
“Why don’t you order a pizza for delivery Sabine.”
I had no idea why she wanted a pizza, but I was suspicious of it. But I did it anyway. It took almost 40 minutes for the delivery guy to show up. Jennifer had me answer the door and invite him in while she got the money out to pay for it.
As the guy took the money….
“Would you like to see her?”
“Excuse me lady, she’s right there.”
“No, do you want to see her…”
And it dawned on me. My face turned red again.
“Stand there please.”
The guy stood where she indicated. Jennifer turned to me.
“You know what to do, don’t you, Sabine…”
I did, didn’t want to, but. I had seen this guy several times for other deliveries. And the thought of what she meant, what she expected of me, was turning me on. I slowly unbuttoned my coat and with a deep breath let it slip off my shoulders and down. I could see the surprise in his face as a woman was exposing her body to him. Jennifer took the coat, smiling at me. I stood in front of him, arms out, nipples hard again, my strip of pubic hair like an arrow pointing right to my pussy.
“Turn around and show him your ass too.”
I turned to face away from him, so he could see my bare ass cheeks.
“Is there anything you want to show him, Sabine.”
Unfortunately, I was turned on again, and I wanted to do more than just stand in front of him naked.
“Yes, there is Jennifer.”
“Well, go ahead.”
I moved away a bit, squatted, leaned back on my hands, moved my feet apart and lifted my ass up. Then I let my knees open wide. Now the freshly bare lips of my pussy were displayed brazenly, the crack of my ass underneath, my ass cheeks rounded, my tits lolling to either side of my chest, nipples erect and my pussy feeling as though it was going to leak.
“Take a good look at her, remember her body. She isn’t going to fuck or suck you, but you will know exactly what she looks like naked the next time you deliver pizza here. Maybe the next time she’ll get naked for you again.”
At first I couldn’t make eye contact with him, but the longer I held that pose, the easier it was and I found myself looking at him, as he looked at me. My nipples were so hard they almost hurt and my pussy was throbbing. I almost wanted him to take out his cock and fuck me.
“All right, you can go now. Enjoy the memory of her.”
The guy reluctantly left and I stayed just as he was as he backed towards the door, still displaying my bare pussy for him to enjoy.
As the door closed behind him….
“Did you enjoy that Sabine?”
I thought about lying to her…
“Yes, I did, unfortunately.”
“So, it turns you on to be naked in front of people.”
“Well, it did this time, maybe not in the future.”
“But, it helps when I tell you to do it, right?”
“Yes, Jennifer, it does. God help me, it does make it easier. It doesn’t make me feel any less embarrassed but it makes it easier to follow orders.”
“And are you going to like following orders from me?”
“I think so Jennifer. As long as they aren’t totally degrading.”
“Sabine, honey, I am not going to have you fuck anyone, just a little exposure, well maybe a lot of exposure and…well I’ll leave the rest of what I have in mind for later. Just keep in mind that I do have more things in mind for you. We are going to have so much fun, Sabine. I didn’t realize how much you obeying me would do for me.
And then Jennifer took me in her arms and kissed me hard, feeling my tits and nipples and then her hand snaked down to my pussy and fingered me for bit, still kissing me. It felt perfectly right for me to be standing naked with her dressed, her hands all over me, feeling me. It was like Melanie and me all over again.
