This story is intended for the enjoyment of adults over the age of 18 or whatever the legal age is in your part of the universe. It contains fantasy scenes of graphic sexual activity.
   Please, if you are under the age of 18, or if you will be offended by such material, use your intelligence and read no further - delete file.  Otherwise ....enjoy!  

Distribute freely if you wish but, please, not to minors


Neighbourly Control.

by Nessus

Im just a normal guy, making a living in a tough world. My name is Dwight Mitchell and Im the maintenance foreman at the tractor factory just outside of town. Most everybody in the town works at that factory so its pretty important to us. The town would die without it and wed have to move to a big city and nobody wants that.

Mary-Anne, my wife, works as a clerk at the local bookshop and we get by. No kids yet but after five years of marriage we have a little clap board house and a small car which Mary-Anne drives to the shop. I drive a battered pick-up from the factory.

Were pretty happy. We have good friends, we know everybody and everybody knows us. Mary-Anne teaches dancing at the ladies club and I play in a little country music band on Saturday nights at the roadhouse. Life is pretty good.

It all started one Saturday in spring.

Mary-Anne has a tradition of Spring cleaning that she got from her mother and, after five years, I know better than to try to talk her out of it. Rachel, our next door neighbour came over to help Mary-Anne in the house while I tidied the yards. I say yards because I got the job of doing both yards, ours and Rachels.

Rachel was a nurse at the local hospital and had been our neighbour for about a year after she moved into town. She and Mary-Anne had become friends and I like her as well. She was about the same age, blonde and well built. No current boyfriend, though a lot of the guys from the factory have tried but no luck.  Mary-Anne tells me she was still getting over some guy back east. Maybe thats why she chose to move to a little country town out here.

So, I worked in the yard, dressed in work clothes while the girls did the house. Rachel brought out some lemonade for me and I admired her shapely ass in the tight cut-offs as she walked back to the house. She gave me a cheeky grin over her shoulder and I guiltily started raking the grass cuttings up.

When I finished, I walked back into the house and found Mary-Anne dressed to go to work as usual on Saturday afternoons.

Wheres Rachel? I asked.

Gone home, she said, checking her face in the hall mirror and brushing her long dark hair back.

Did you get it all finished?

She shrugged. Most of it. Rachel and I can finish off tomorrow. I have to get to work, honey. See you tonight. She pecked me on the cheek and dashed out the door.

I heard her car drive away as I made a sandwich, then, clicked on the TV and watched a little sports. After a while, I sauntered down to the basement. Amongst all the usual stuff down there, I had a secret stash of girlie magazines and, when Mary-Anne wasnt around, I made my self comfortable on an old mattress and leisurely jerked off while looking at the pictures.

Some of the girls were really hot and I enjoyed a few favourite fantasies while building up to a big spurt.

Switching the light on, I noticed the boxes had been stacked and the area cleaned up in the spring cleaning marathon. Grinning in anticipation, I knelt in the corner and pried up the loose floorboards and reached down for my packet of magazines.

Nothing!

Frantically, I felt around in the hole but found nothing. The magazines were gone!

Stunned, I knelt on the floor and frantically groped in the hole again but the magazines were definitely missing. Replacing the floorboards, I shakily rose to my feet. Mary-Anne must have found them. How embarrassing! Im going to have to admit to my wife that I jerk off over pictures of other women.

Shell understand. It means nothing, shell know that! I knew I was kidding myself. Sex with Mary-Anne was pretty straight and she was pretty conservative and I understood that. I didnt go down on her and I definitely didnt feel comfortable about asking her to go down on me.

No, she would think this was pretty dirty and sick. Switching the light off, feeling sick to my stomach, I stumped slowly up the stairs. I was dead, I just had to wait for her to come home to kill me.

After showering, I slipped into some running shorts and a T-shirt and started to wash the pick-up. As I was hosing it down, I suddenly froze. Mary-Anne was ok with me when she left, didnt appear pissed. Maybe she didnt find the magazines, someone else did.

Rachel! It had to be Rachel. The hose jetted water over the pick-up as I turned to look at Rachels house. No sign of her. if she found them, maybe shes just waiting to tell Mary-Anne.

I had to find out. Turning the water off, I dropped he hose and started walking over to Rachels house.

Rachel was seated on the porch, bare feet resting on a chair and smoking a cigarette. I noticed she had changed into a pretty cotton dress with buttons down the front.

Hi there, Dwight, she said, smiling.

Hi Rachel, I said self consciously, wondering where to start.

Ive just made some coffee. Want some? she said, stubbing her cigarette out and standing.

Sure. I followed her into her kitchen and sat at the table while she poured some coffee into some cups. Smiling, she placed the coffee in front of me and sat opposite me.

I took a sip. Nice, I said nervously. Uh, I began, swallowing. Rachel, uh,..

Rachel giggled. Let me guess, Dwight. Youre missing something.

Shocked, I looked up at her grinning face, a strand of blonde hair hanging across her blue eyes. Uh, what do you mean? I began but she interrupted.

Your porn magazines. Theyre gone.

I blushed. Uh, where did they, you know. I tailed of lamely.

Go? Ive got them.  She sipped her coffee.

I felt a little relieved at that. At least Mary-Anne didnt have them. Does Mary-Anne, you know.

Know about them? Not yet, she said calmly. I might tell her about the tonight. Im sure shell be interested.

I tried to gain control of the conversation. Rachel, theyre only magazines.

She smiled at me over the rim of her coffee cup. Really? Just magazines? And I suppose you get them for the articles, eh?

I flushed. Not exactly.

Interesting pictures. You seem to have a little fetish for legs and stockings. Does Mary-Anne know?

Blushing, I shook my head. No, I said softly.

Rachel took a  cigarette from the packet, nodding as she did so. Shes a bit conservative, isnt she? How are you going to explain you jerk off while looking at pictures of girls legs? She lit the cigarette while looking at me.

Uh, um, I spluttered, embarrassed.

Im guessing shes going to be hurt that shes not enough for you. And, probably, a little disgusted. She blew smoke out of her pursed red lips. What do you think?

Youre probably right, I said softly. Do you have to tell her? I asked hopefully.

Well, Rachel said slowly. I dont know. I might and I might not. I waited, wondering what she was going to do. You must have waited for Mary-Anne to go to work before you looked for the magazines. Right?

Yes, I replied softly.

Looking forward to jerking off this afternoon, eh? she sneered and I blushed, remaining silent. Well? she snapped. Were you?

Yes, I whispered.

Yes, what?

Yes, I was looking forward to jerking off, I said, embarrassed, looking down at the table.

There was a long moment of silence as she stubbed her cigarette out in the ashtray on the table. I might keep this to myself  if youll do something for me.

What? I said eagerly. Ill do any thing. Wash your car. Take your garbage out. Anything.

Good, she said. I was hoping youd see it that way. I want you to jerk off for me.

Stunned, I reeled back in the chair while she grinned at me. What? I croaked, not believing my ears.

You heard. You were going to jerk off anyway. This way, you have an audience. No big deal.

But, Ive never, you know.

She shook her head. No whining, Dwight, she said firmly. Thats it or I tell Mary-Anne about your little porn stash. Take it or leave it.

I was cornered and she knew it. I hung my head, embarrassed but, surprisingly, my cock was starting to get hard in my shorts. Ill do it, I whispered.

Good, she smiled, leaning back in her chair. Lets get started.

Here? I whispered, looking around at the kitchen.

Why not?

Slowly, I stood up, kicked my sneakers off,, unbuckled my shorts and let them drop around my ankles. I felt humiliated as I stood there in my under shorts with Rachel coolly watching me. Hooking my thumbs in the waistband, I pulled the shorts down and my half erect cock sprung free.

Lose the T-shirt, she said and I pulled it over my head to stand naked in front of her. You keep fit, Dwight. Good to see. She giggled. Why dont you pour me a nice vodka and ice?

She was enjoying this and I knew I had no choice so I padded over to the ice box, made the drink and handed it to her, my cock now fully hard. Rachel sipped her drink and looked at my hard cock, now inches from her face. I think you should do it there, she said, pointing at the kitchen floor in front of her and I walked to the spot.

Kneel, she said and I slowly got top my knees. Do you need any hand cream? Lotion? she asked sweetly and I shook my head. I dont think you need your magazines, she giggled. Youre hard now. Still, you do like to look at something while you pull your cock, dont you? 

Blushing, I nodded slightly. I know,  she said, you can look at my legs. Would you like to look at my legs while you jerk off?

My throat was dry and I nodded again while she grinned at me. Ask, she said softly.

Can I look at your legs? I croaked.

And? she prompted.

Can I look at your legs while I jerk off? I asked softly, blushing madly and thoroughly humiliated.

I thought you southern boys were polite, Rachel taunted.

Please can I look at your legs and jerk off?

Slowly, she raised the hem of her cotton dress to her thighs and I stared at those lovely long bare legs.

Go on, she whispered and I slid my hand around my cock and slowly started pumping, my eyes fixated on her legs. I started getting close in a hurry and watched as she uncrossed her legs and crossed them again.

Humiliation at the mental image of this scene swept over me. Here I was naked, on my knees in this womans kitchen, jerking myself off while she showed me her legs. It was humiliating beyond comparison.

It was too much and, with Rachel giggling, I groaned and spurted over the kitchen floor. Body heaving, sweat running down my chest, I slumped on the floor and waited.

Rachel broke the long silence. Well, that certainly was quick, she commented, pulling her dress down. Are you that quick with Mary-Anne? She must be disappointed. I wanted to protest at the veiled insult but felt so embarrassed that all I wanted do was get the hell out of there.

Well, get dressed. But wipe that up first, she said pointing at my cum on the kitchen floor.

Hurriedly, I used my under-shorts to wipe up the mess, got dressed and stood there uncertainly, my soiled under-shorts in my hand.

Uh, Ill go then, I said embarrassed.

Sure, she said calmly, flicking through a newspaper that was on the table.

What about the, you know, the magazines? I hesitantly asked.

Rachel, looked up at me and smiled. I said I wouldnt tell Mary-Anne yet. I didnt say I would give you the magazines back. Goodbye, Dwight, she said sweetly. Thanks for visiting.

Face red, I opened the screen door and slowly walked home to wash my under-shorts.

Numb, I wandered aimlessly around my house, thinking about what had happened and wondering what to do next.  I threw the under-shorts in the washing and turned on the machine, wanting to get rid of the evidence 

I moped around the house and, late in the afternoon, got my gear ready for the nights performance. After a shower and getting dressed in my jeans, boots, and embroidered shirt, I was sitting around waiting for the guys to pick me up when Mary-Anne ran in.

Got held up at the store, she said. Ill meet you down at the roadhouse later, honey. 

There was the sound of the van in the driveway so I picked up my guitar case and my cowboy hat. Ok, I said in the doorway. See you down there. 

Buddy was driving the van and Eddie was sitting in the passenger seat, smoking one of those dam cigars of his.

Wherere the others? I grunted as I loaded my gear through the side door.

Leroys on his way and the others are all ready down there. Hey, look at that, Buddy whistled and I looked up to see Rachel stepping down her porch steps, dressed in a short black skirt and a sleeveless cream top.

Hey, boys, she called gaily as she strode past, her high heels crunching the gravel, on her way into my house.

Evening mam, Eddie and Buddy chorused, eyes glued on her ass. She smiled slyly at me as she passed and I lowered my eyes and climbed in the van.

Oooeee, whistled Eddie softly. That is a glorious piece of ass. You had any of that Dwight boy?

Course he hasnt, grinned Buddy. Hes a married man. 

Shut the fuck up! I snapped, settling into the back seat, pulling my hat down over my eyes.

And they both laughed as Buddy gunned the engine and drove away.

It was the usual small crowd at the roadhouse and we launched into our first set. We werent a great band, wed never make it to Nashville or anything like it but we did all right. Lot of Hank Williams, George Jones, Bob Wills, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, merle and other standards the crowd could sing along with and have a good time.

It was later in the evening that Mary-Anne came in with Rachel. They looked hot and got quite a few looks from the cowboys hanging on the bar but they all knew Mary-Anne was a married woman and treated her right.

She loved to dance and she danced with Bob, an old friend of mine, a few times. Rachel danced with any body and a lot of guys asked her. They were drinking, dancing and having a good time while we played the music. It was a good night.

We finished off and started to pack our gear into the van. Mary-Anne came up and gave me a kiss. You were great, she said.

Thanks, darling, I said, searching her eyes. Did Rachel tell her?

You going to be long? she asked.

A while. Have to pack everything up.

Im tired, honey. Bob will drop me back home and you can take my car.

Ok, honey. Wheres Rachel?

Mary-Anne shrugged, smiling. Dunno. She was dancing with a tall boy and disappeared. Goodnight, hon, she said as she kissed me. I watched her walk away and Bob nodded to me.

When the van was finally loaded, they boys wanted to have a beer but I left and went into the car park to find Mary-Annes car. I was unlocking it when I heard someone walk up behind me.

Well, well, its jerk off boy! Rachel was leaning against the car, smiling at me and looking just a little drunk. I looked around to see if any one else was there but the car park was deserted.

Wheres Mary-Anne, jerk off boy? she slurred.

Shh, I said. Dont call me that.

Why not? It whats you do. She giggled and I frantically bundled her into the car, shutting the door behind her.

I jumped in and drove off towards our houses. As we drove I stole a glance at her legs as her short skirt had ridden up. My eyes popped when I say she was wearing black stockings with a garter belt.

Rachel saw where my eyes were aiming and adjusted her skirt. Cant have those on show, she giggled. Youll have to jerk off and that would mess up my friends car.

We drove on in silence until we pulled into the driveway next to my house. The house was in darkness so Mary-Anne must have fallen into bed.

Rachel climbed out of the car. Walk me home, jerk off boy, she said and I hurried out of the car, almost running after her.

She unlocked the door to her house and slipped inside. I hesitantly stood next to the screen door. Well, good night, I whispered into the darkness.

Get in here, she snapped from the darkness and, looking around, I slipped inside the house.

Where are you? I called softly in the darkness.

Here, she answered and I followed her voice into her bedroom which was dimly lit by a soft bedside lamp. Rachel was seated on the bed, her skirt hiked up around her thighs showing her stocking tops and garter belt.

I stood there stunned until her voice brought me back. Get your clothes off, Rachel ordered.

But, I started to protest.

Listen, jerk off boy, she hissed. If you dont do exactly what I say Im going to tell Mary-Anne that you asked to look at my legs while you jerked off. You know Ill do it.

But, Rachel, I whined, knowing that if Mary-Anne challenged me with that suggestion, my face would tell her the truth. I was done.

Last time. Get them off!

I stripped my clothes off and stood naked before her, my cock all ready hard which brought a grin to her face. Get over here, she commanded and I stood in front of her. Kneel there, Rachel said, pointing at the floor immediately in front of her and I did, my face now level with her panty covered pussy.

Cock twitching, I licked my lips as I stared at the black lace covering her pussy and wondered if she was a natural blonde.

Im horny as hell, she announced.  Hotter than a firecracker. You got your rocks off this afternoon. I want mine. Hands behind your back and no touching with your hands.

Hypnotised, I watched as her fingers pulled the panties to one side to show her pussy with its puffy lips bordered by trimmed blonde hair. Get your mouth to work!

But, Ive never. I stuttered.

Ill show you. Lick here. I put my tongue next to her red painted fingernail and started to lick. Following her breathless directions, I immersed myself in the task and her juices until she mashed my face against her cunt, moaning in delight, shuddering in her orgasm.

My hard cock was jutting from my belly when she pushed me back, and adjusted he panties. Ok, Rachel said matter of factly. You can look at my panties and jerk off.

I was torn as I wanted to get the hell out of there but I also wanted to come badly. Her black lace panties and garter belt holding the sheer black nylon of her stockings up entranced me. Gripping my cock, I started jerking off as she lig a cigarette, smiling down at me.

Let me know when youre close, she said.

It didnt take long. Im close, I croaked.

Stop! Rachel ordered and I froze, my hand holding my trembling cock.  Ask me to come.

Please can I come? I asked, desperate.

Mam, she corrected.

Please Mam, can I come? Face flushing, I felt humiliated but, driven by my need to come, I didnt care.

Come, she said, giggling, blowing smoke through her nose.

Frantically, I jerked on my pulsing cock and shot my seed onto her floor while she laughed. Clean it up, Rachel said, walking to her bathroom. Clean it up and get out. Im going to bed.

At last, I was slipping out her back door and into my house. As usual after playing in the band, I had a long hot shower, my mind racing.

When I slipped into bed, Mary-Anne stirred and held her arms open, murmuring. As I hugged her, I realised I wasnt going to be able to get hard so quickly and she, obviously, wanted to make love.

Honey, I whispered, kissing her softly. Let me. I slid down the bed and started licking her pussy. Her breath exhaled in shock and then, as her juices flowed, she relaxed and let me use my tongue.

It didnt take too long and she rushed to a trembling orgasm, her legs wrapped around my head as my face was mashed against her dark pubic hairs.

As I hugged her, she stirred and kissed me gently. That was nice, she breathed. Different . Very nice. What about you? she asked.

Im tired, honey after playing all night. I just want to sleep.

What a lover, she said sleepily. Thank you, honey. And we rolled over to sleep.


I woke mid-morning and shaved, showered and dressed. Mary-Anne had risen some time ago so I warily went to the kitchen. It was empty so I made myself some late breakfast and read the papers while I ate.

Mary-Anne bustled in some time later, poured herself some coffee and pecked me on the cheek. Morning, Hon, she said, sitting down at the table. As usual, she looked great, dressed in a simple blue dress and sandals.

You know, she began, looking at me over the rim of her cup, last night was great.

Flushing a little at the memory of everything that occurred last night, I squirmed a bit on my seat. Well, thats good, honey, I said.

Really great, she emphasised. Why havent you done that before?

Well, I blushed. I didnt know if you would like it.

Mary-Anne placed the cup on the table. I loved it, she said, staring at me with a strange smile on her face.

Well, I said nervously. You just have to ask me when, you know.. I tailed off.

Mary-Anne stood and bent behind me, her hands resting on my shoulder and her lips close to my ear. No, Honey, she said. When I feel like it, I will tell you to do it. Ok? She left the room and left me stunned with my cock starting to move into hardness in my pants. Tell me? What was going on? 

A empty feeling hit my stomach. Rachel! Mary-Anne has visited Rachel and she knows!

Pushing the chair back, I nervously walked into our bedroom, wondering what I can say to save our marriage. Mary-Anne was seated on the edge of the bed, her legs crossed.

Mary-Anne, I began.

Dont, she said. Just take your clothes off, she added, uncrossing her legs.

But, Mary-Anne.

Just take your clothes off. Now.

Nervously, I stripped all my clothes off and stood in front of my wife naked and with a hard cock.

Mary-Anne spread her legs and she was naked under the dress. I said I would tell you. Im telling  you now, Honey. Get on your knees and please me.

My cock was throbbing as I knelt in front of her pussy, her pink lips shining wetly through the black pubic hair. My tongue licked her juices and probed her lips and deep inside her as I rubbed my face, my nose and my chin into her wetness.

Her groans and moans told me I was on the right track and so she was shuddering in orgasm, her legs gripping my head so tightly I thought I would be smothered.

Her legs finally released me and I sat back on my heels as Mary-Anne stood and went to the bathroom. My cock was very hard and I desperately wanted to cum but, for the first time, Mary-Anne seemed to be in control of our sex life.

She returned and my eyes popped as she was dressed in a black lingerie set with suspenders and sheer black nylon stockings and heels. Mary-Anne bent over to put lipstick on and my eyes were glued to her black satin panties.

You know, Honey, she said as she applied the bright red lipstick, I knew about your magazines and what you did. I blushed and hung my head. But I didnt know how to use it to my advantage. She stood up and smiled down at my hard cock. But, then, I talked it over with Rachel. She is nurse, you know.

I heard the back screen door slam and Rachel appeared in the doorway. Well, every thing must have gone as planned, she said, smiling broadly.

Sure did, Mary-Anne said, reclining suggestively on the bed in her sexy outfit.

My eyes nearly fell out of my head when Rachel stripped her dress off and stood there in a white full girdle and stockings with heels. She draped herself next to Mary-Anne and both women smiled down at me and my hard cock.

Arent you lucky now, Dwight, cooed Rachel. You have two live centrefolds to jerk off to. Mary-Anne giggled. Get on with it, Rachel snapped.

I had no choice or so I told myself. The truth was, I wanted to and this was the most erotic moment of my life. My hand circled my cock and, with both women watching intently, I started to jerk off. 

They giggled and called out to me to look at their legs and stocking tops or whatever. It didnt take long and soon I was shuddering and pumping my seed into the air in the best orgasm of my life.

As I mopped my cum of the floor, I looked up and saw the two women kissing. It didnt surprise me and I realised my life was going to be a lot different from now on. I could hardly wait.
 Nessus29@hotmail.com

