CHANGED CIRCUMSTANCES
Prelude: `A Reversal of Fortune'


This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
he integrity of this story and don't do any rewrites, alterations
or add pictures."

Lucien and the Norwegian Slave

Lucien carefully guides his pony, Norge, out of the quiet, side
street onto the busy thoroughfare leading to the central business
district and its adjacent law-courts.

In the intensity of the early afternoon sun, the pony is already
sweating profusely. Lucien however, is protected from the sun's
oppressive heat by the canopy that he'd wisely raised before
leaving home. Glancing at his watch he notes the time is 12.30
PM-this gives him plenty of time before he is due at Judge
Matthew's chambers at 2.00 PM.

He decides it is better to let the pony proceed at a leisurely
jog rather than tire him out in the steamy heat. The Scandinavian
pony is a recent addition to his stables and as yet he isn't
properly acclimatised to the local, summer heat.

Lucien isn't sure why he purchased this slave; it really was a
spur of the moment decision on his part to do so. He'd noticed
the young slave some twelve months earlier when visiting the
establishment of one of the city's premier slave-dealer's,
Schuster and Hanson, prior to lunching with friends. Lucien, a
self-acclaimed connoisseur of prime, male slave flesh, is a
regular visitor to the city's slave-yards and is always eager to
see what merchandise is on offer to the discerning buyer.

He'd noticed the naked slave standing forlornly at the back of a
pen and was immediately struck with his sheer, physical beauty.
Standing at just under six feet and weighing somewhere in the
region of one hundred and sixty pounds the slave stood out from
all the other slaves in his pen. Lucien still doesn't know what
attracted him to the slave; perhaps it was his magnificent body
highlighted with its coating of slave oil and his golden blond
hair. Impulsively, he asked to inspect the slave at close
quarters.

As the slave was removed from the pen, he struggled and fought
the two overseers who dragged him out and placed him on a viewing
platform. Lucien watched with interest as other overseers raced
to assist in subduing him. Lucien surmised, correctly, that this
was a new, unbroken slave who hadn't as yet accepted his new
station in life. Expertly, the overseers soon had him chained in
place and on his knees with both hands fastened to the back of
his neck collar.

Then, as overseer held the slave's head to the floor, the second
overseer applied his whip to the unruly slave's upper back and
shoulders; carefully avoiding the fresh brand on the left flank.
Three times the whip crackled ominously through the air and three
times it landed with a resounding thwack on the exposed back. The
slave roared in anguish and pain as the lash cut into his tender
flesh. During his whipping he knelt defeated, sobbing in
frustration and rage.

As the last lash cut across his shoulders, he was ordered to.

"Stand and display".

Now, fearful of the whip, the slave scrambled to his feet. With
tears streaming down his face, he stood ready for Lucien's
inspection.

Lucien never likes to hurry the inspection of a slave; these
inspections are, after all, meant to be enjoyed very much as one
does with a glass of fine, French wine - to be sipped slowly and
savoured. Moving slowly around the sobbing slave he paused to
look at him from every angle. Delicately, he traced his index
finger along the angry, red welts decorating the slave's back.
The slave yelped and flinched at Lucien's touch. This earned him
the admonishment to "shut up and stand still unless you want to
feel the whip again" from one of the hovering overseers who then
apologised to Lucien.

"I'm sorry sir. I apologise for the slave's unruly behaviour.
Rest assured, if he gives you any trouble he'll be strung up and
given a proper taste of the whip".

"There's no need to apologise, overseer." Lucien graciously
replied. "I assume from his behaviour that he is new to slavery?"

"Yes indeed sir. He was only delivered here yesterday afternoon,
fresh from the courts."

"That's interesting. What was his crime? Do you know?"

"His enslavement papers say he is an illegal immigrant - from
Norway, I understand. And he was found with a small quantity of
drugs in his possession. Under the new zero tolerance laws, both
crimes carry a mandatory sentence of lifetime enslavement, as you
know."

"Looking at him he doesn't appear to be a user. He looks too
healthy. Most probably he's an amateur dealer, I should think".

"You could be right, sir. But it doesn't matter whether or not he
was a user or a supplier; does it? He's now paying the price for
his stupidity and he'll continue to do so for the rest of his
life. Still he'll make a fine slave for some lucky owner. Are you
interested in him, sir?"

"I could well be. But I do need to examine him more closely."

"Certainly, sir. Take all the time you need and we'll be here to
make sure he behaves to your satisfaction."

Lucien noted the angry, blistering brand on the left side of the
slave's ass. The fiery red of the brand contrasted with the milky
white smoothness of the slave's buttocks. Lucien supposed the
brand to be very painful and he thought that it would remain so
until the brand healed. Lucien's experience with his own slaves
told him that a protective crust would soon form over the brand
allowing it to gradually heal. Eventually, this crust will
disappear to expose the crisp, sharp outline of the cursive
letter "S" for slave.

This brand is a mandatory requirement for all slaves and it must
be on prominent display at all times and not hidden from public
scrutiny. Since the natural state for a work slave is total
nudity, the left flank is the designated site for the brand.
However, if an owner chooses to clothe his slaves, then an
identical brand must to be placed on an exposed part of his body
for all to see. That way a slave is always identifiable.

Lucien, holding with a long-held family tradition, keeps all his
slaves naked and they also wear his household brand - his
family's coat-of-arms- on their right pectorals just above the
nipple. Should Lucien decide to buy this slave then, he too, will
wear this additional brand.

Lucien reflected on the inner turmoil that the slave, no doubt,
was experiencing. Hauled into court the previous day, found
guilty and sentenced to lifelong servitude, the new slave would
have been in a state of shock at his "reversal of fortune". He
would have been totally unprepared for what followed.

It is a requirement of the law that all newly enslaved prisoners
are stripped naked, collared and branded before they leave the
courts' precincts. To this end, there is a forge adjacent to the
courts where all the new slaves are taken immediately after
sentencing. Here a blacksmith and his two slave assistants
quickly collar the new slaves, brand them and fit them with their
shackles before delivering them into the custody of a court
appointed dealer for eventual sale at auction.

Lucien reflected that perhaps, mercifully, the shocked slave
would have been in such a state of disbelief and denial that he
didn't fully comprehend what was happening to him when taken to
the forge.

Lucien stood in front of the slave and gazed into his tear
stained face. Sullenly, the slave stared back and the ensuring
battle of wills was one Lucien was determined to win. Eventually,
the slave capitulated and lowered his eyes to the podium. Lucien
was pleased with the slave's action and he now knew that he would
be easy to break. By lowering his eyes, the slave had taken the
first step into his servitude and, in future, it would become
easier for him to submit to the will of his new master. Lucien
wondered if the slave comprehended this. Most probably, he
didn't.

Lucien was captivated by the sheer physical presence of the slave
standing before him. With his arms fastened behind his neck, both
biceps were bunched up into rounded balls of hard muscle. This
also had the effect of pulling back on the broad shoulders and
thrusting out the slave's massive chest. Lucien's gaze roamed
slowly down over the slave's sculpted, naked torso pausing from
time to time to appraise and appreciate some aspect or feature of
his muscularity.

The slave's upper body and legs were tanned to a glorious, rich
brown - Lucien wondered what it was about the Nordic races that
allowed their bodies to tan so beautifully - and his soft hair
was bleached to a light, honey- blond colour. His handsome face
was dominated by intensely blue eyes, an aquiline nose and full
red lips which, when parted, showed off the pearly whiteness of
his teeth.

His chest was highlighted by two, large, dark areolae surrounding
two, very erect and pert nipples. A prominent but deep navel lay
at the centre of his ribbed abdominal muscles. For some reason,
Lucien is always fascinated by a slave's belly button and had the
urge to explore it further. But, not just yet! That could wait
and there was more of the slave to savour.

The slave's chest had an agreeable covering of hair - neither too
thick nor too sparse - that matched the colouring of the hair on
his head. A line of slightly darker hair trailed down the centre
of the slave's belly connecting the chest thatch to the thick,
blond bush of pubic hair. The density of this bush partly
concealed the long, thick cock lying at rest atop two large,
prominent balls hanging between the slave's muscular thighs.

Lucien knew that within the next few days, the slave will lose
all his body hair as he is made ready for public display. This
was a cause of some regret to Lucien; he really liked the slave's
natural appearance and resolved, should he buy the slave, to
allow him to regrow his body hair; albeit trimmed back to suit
Lucien's refined tastes.

Next Lucien viewed the slave from the rear. He noted the long "V"
shaped back tapering from the wide shoulders down to the narrow
waist. The slave, aware of Lucien's scrutiny of his body, was
breathing heavily and this brought into play the powerful muscles
of his shoulders and back. Lucien's gaze moved slowly down the
back and paused, lovingly, on the well-rounded globes of the
slave's buttocks. Their nervous twitching focused Lucien's
attention on the crevice dividing them; he licked his lips in
anticipation of what was hidden in its depth.

Whether from embarrassment or restlessness, the slave began to
fidget, highlighting the corded muscles of his thighs. Lucien
stood enthralled for several more minutes; all his attention was
focused on the movement of the slave's muscles under their
coating of display oil.

To Lucien's fastidious mind the only jarring note in the slave's
perfection was the whiteness of his ass. Obviously, the slave had
worn shorts in his previously free life. Still that situation
wasn't irredeemable. Should he buy the slave he would, of course,
be sent to the plantation for six months. Here he would be placed
in a work gang for conditioning and colouring before he begins
his training as a pony. Lucien envisaged the slave at the end of
this training; his body hardened and honed to perfection and
darkened to an all over deep rich brown.

Reluctantly, he decided against physically examining the slave.
Lucien knew that this firm took pride in the appearance and
presentation of its livestock. Because the yards were open to the
public, each morning the slaves are removed from their pens,
washed down and oiled ready for public scrutiny.

Obviously the slave had been prepared for the public but Lucien
doubted that the slave had been, as yet, fully cleaned out; this
is only done when the slaves are put on display prior to being
auctioned. As much as he wanted to explore the slave's hole - and
his cock grew hard at the thought - he decided against doing so.
He didn't want to soil his clothing with oil from the slave's
body; nor did he want to smell of slave at the luncheon
appointment with friends.

Once more, standing in front of the slave, Lucien allowed his
gaze to wander down over the magnificent body before coming to
rest at the genitals. Lucien noted the slave still had his
foreskin. This was unfortunate for the slave.

Should Lucien buy him he will be skinned in keeping with Lucien's
preference that the cocks of all his slaves are fully displayed.
After all, the retention of the foreskin is what defines a free
man from a slave. As he watched, Lucien was rewarded with the
incipient erection of the slave's cock and Lucien watched
entranced as the foreskin retracted. Shyly, the eye of the glans
began to peep out from the protective covering of the prepuce.

Lucien was charmed by the sight of this and thought it to be one
of the slave's many engaging features. Perhaps, just perhaps, he
might relent and let the slave keep his foreskin, at least in the
short term.

He knew that, whatever the cost, he must possess this slave and
he decided to inquire into when the slave would be placed on
public display and the actual date of his auction.

                                                      
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Twelve months on, Lucien's pride of ownership in his new pony is
very evident. Today, as he drives to keep his appointment with
Judge Matthews, he is aware of the many admiring glances directed
at his magnificent pony and trap.

The naked pony, resplendent in royal blue harness with silver
trim, is stepping out smartly and is proudly erect. Yes, Lucien
is delighted with his new pony who he named in honour of the
slave's birthplace - Norge.

To be continued............
















