Bikini High 2
by Neykid

Bikini High 2 chapter 1

Faith Kaufman, an adventurous young Amish woman wanting more out of life one day decided she didn’t want to be Amish anymore. She did have her time with her rumspringa but when she came back the world outside was calling her but the only thing stopping her was, she would have to give up her family and would be shunned by everyone in her community as well.

Faith, wanting to be a proper teacher and would have to go to college or university, began to make plans to leave. With her time outside before she set up an email just in case, she needed it to keep in contact with her mother. The night before she left, she spent it with her family, but she cried herself to sleep knowing she would never see her family or friends again.

She left a note for her mom giving her reasons for leaving and an email to contact her. In the beginning she had a hard time with her new way of life and missing her family, but she persevered. She got used to wearing regular clothes while working as a waitress to put herself through college. But she stayed away from the college way of life of partying and drinking.

Eventually she made it and became a teacher. She emailed her mom that she had made it and became a teacher. Her mom was very proud of her.

A month after graduation she applied for a teaching job which was across the country. She knew it would take her further away from her mom and family, but she had to do it. She had come this far.

The day of her leaving she put her life possessions into one suitcase. Another page had turned in her quest to be a teacher. Her mother wished her luck through email.

All faith could afford was to take the greyhound bus. It seemed like it took forever but eventually she arrived at her destination. First thing that hit her was how hot it was and the second was how scantily clad everyone was, especially the woman.

Men in just board shorts or speedos while women were in next to nothing bikinis. It was a complete shock how someone could go around exposing themselves in such a way, but she could understand it because of the heat which was starting to get to her.

She had to wait around for the next bus to take her to her destination where she would be living. When the bus was ready for boarding, she couldn’t believe how the girls and women were dressed. Their bikinis were hiding nothing. She became embarrassed for them the way they were showing all their naughty bits. She tried to hide her eyes, but it was no use especially when one girl sat beside her with a bikini that barely covered her.

She smiled at faith then she said, “Yo girl you have got to ditch those clothes it is too hot for those things you have on.”

Faith couldn’t agree more but it was all she had on, and it would have to do until she found a place. But everywhere she looked was half naked men and women. She was committed now, and this was her first job so she couldn’t give up now.

The girl beside her on the bus was begging her to take something off. She had to admit to herself it was bloody hot to have what she had on.

She agreed with her but somehow that gave her the go ahead to start taking her top off.

Faith tried to stop her but she explained that it would be okay. She had already unbuttoned all the buttons on her blouse. Faith looked around her to see if anyone was watching but no one was like it was normal. Then faith realized it was her stop and panicked and excused herself and quickly headed for the door to get off the bus.

There she was standing there with her shirt fully open exposing her bra. She had never done that before, her 38 DDs she always tried to hide. She was frozen on the spot. There she was showing loads of cleavage in her old bra.

She didn’t know exactly where she was, but she knew she was standing in the middle of the street in just her open shirt and jeans. She did feel cooler to have her shirt open but then the debate in her head to button her shirt or leave it started. She looked around at the people passing her by that had next to nothing on so decided to leave it open.

It was a new experience for her to show off her bra in public. It took her about thirty minutes of walking around to find the place where she was going to live. For a second, she thought about doing up her shirt, but she gave a big sigh and pushed the buzzer to reach the landlord.

“This is Faith. I am here for the apartment.”

“Yea I will be down in a minute.”

Faith got all nervous again that she was showing her bra and lots of cleavage.

When Oscar came down, he was mesmerized by her large tits. Faith tried to ignore it, and tried to put her nervousness out of her mind

Oscar gave her the walk through her new apartment. But was still preoccupied with showing her bra in front of a man she found attractive. Oscar was just in a pair of shorts showing off a fit body something Faith never saw before. A person with rippling abs.

When they finished going over and signing the rental agreement. She took off her shirt and jeans to cool off then Oscar walked back in saying he forgot to give her the keys. Now he caught her standing there in her bra and panties. Faith gave out a shriek as he walked over, apologized and gave her the keys.

Her first day in her new place and she was already exposing herself more than she had ever done before. 

Faith had two days before she had to start her new teaching job, so it gave her time to get herself some furniture and a bed for her new place. It was a strange new world she moved too. Everyone was either half naked, in some sort of swim wear or lack off or in shorts and tank tops.

But it was a lot of women in the skimpiest bathing suits that took her by surprise. Some suits barely covered the nipples, and the bottoms were almost nonexistent. Faith knew she had to almost follow the native town folk to deal with the heat so besides the furniture store she had to get more summer-like clothes.

She went with just shorts and a t-shirt because there was no way she was going around in a bikini. By the time Monday morning rolled around, Faith was kind of nervous on her first day. So, she got on the bus and saw that most were in bikinis or just shorts, she felt like the odd one out. Her Amish upbringing wouldn’t allow her to be so immodest.

When she entered the school, she saw the same thing which kind of unnerved her. Then she met Mr Wallace the principal who gave her an orientation then walked her to her first class. Still kind of nervous, she introduced herself and gave a little background.

While she was getting to know her students the heat was getting to her so much, she wanted to take her top off to get some relief. Her students looked fine especially the ones that were half naked which was sort of making her jealous. By the end of the day, she had had it with the heat and had to do something about it. So, she went to the nearest bikini store and asked the clerk who was half naked what her top sellers were. She grabbed three of them and to faith each one had less and less material.

Now she was having a massive debate with herself, but she chose the one to her that had the most material. Then she changed her mind and decided to not buy the bikinis. Now she was mad at herself because she didn’t want to disappoint anyone, this was her first teaching job.

 

It was too hot in her apartment because her AC unit was not working so she just stripped down to her underwear. But before long she had to take her bra off because she had been wearing it all day. She smiled to herself that this was the first time ever being half naked in any place she lived. She made her dinner then sat down to watch some TV.

While watching Tv she got the urge to take off her panties as well. “What the hell.” She thought and stood up and took them off. Then she went to the fridge and got herself a drink.

Then an awkward feeling came over her that she shouldn’t be naked, but she pushed through it. She had had enough of tv and began to look over her lessons for the next day. Sitting naked at her kitchen table was throwing her off. She couldn’t concentrate so just decided to go to bed.

She tossed and turned for a while because of her mind racing about school, the heat but mainly that she might have to give in and wear skimpy bikinis to deal with the heat. Eventually she did fall asleep.

The next morning, still naked she made her breakfast and had some coffee. Then she had her shower but all she could think about was what to wear. She wasn’t going half naked in school.

She put on her underwear and shorts and t-shirt and headed for the bus stop. She was amazed how freely the girls went about without a care in the world on what body parts were exposed. It was against how she was brought up to never flaunt herself and to always dress modestly.

When she got to school, she had to ask why there wasn’t any air conditioning in the school. She didn’t like the answer she got. It turns out that it got too expensive to have AC on in school, so they allowed bikinis or any skimpy outfits to deal with the heat.

Faith was already having a hard time dealing with the heat by the end of her first class. Halfway through her second class she started to feel dizzy and almost passed out. A couple of her male students helped her to the nurse’s room.

“Alright take all her clothes off and put her in the shower.” The nurse said

Faith was trying to protest but she had no energy to do so. Her male students were laughing and making remarks on how they were finally going to see her naked. The nurse didn’t say a word to chastise them.

The boys got to her bra, and they quickly took it off. They paused to gawk at her magnificent tits. When they pulled her panties down, they were even more surprised. They had never seen anyone with a full-on bush before.

Faith was getting really embarrassed but she was still dizzy and kind of out of it until the boys held her up in the shower. Their hands were everywhere to keep her up in the shower.

She started to come around and started to protest again but the nurse slapped her ass and said “serves you right for wearing so many clothes in this heat.”

Then they took her out of the shower and sat her down. With her legs apart and her head down she just quietly breathed. She didn’t pay attention to what the boys were saying about her body but then she heard Mr Wallace come in the door. It made her panic. She didn’t want him to see her naked, but she couldn’t get out of the chair. She was still feeling the effects of heat exhaustion.

No one was helping her cover up, so she sat there resigned that her boss was going to see her naked. Now four people were standing there talking about her but more about her massive amounts of pubic hair.

“I think I have something in my office for her to wear.” Mr Wallace said and left quickly

Her head started to clear up then she looked at the two boys and the nurse then she said “Do the boys need to be here. I don’t want them looking at my naked body anymore.” she said as she started to tear up


Bikini High 2 chapter 2

“The boys are here just in case you need to go into the shower again. You know what I think she does need to go have another shower. Come on boys, lift her up again.” The nurse said with a cheeky grin

The boys’ hands were all over Faith’s tits to get her up from the chair which made her determined to make her legs move. She did give a little assistance. Her head began getting clearer and the feeling getting back in her legs she was able to stand on her own. Now her thoughts all went to her being naked between two boys.

Mr Wallace came back with something for faith to wear. He held it up for Faith to see.

“Come let’s try it on.”

She slowly walked over, and he kneeled on the ground holding the bikini bottoms for her to step into. Her next thought was now he was going to be face to face with her hairy vagina as she lifted her leg to step into the bikini bottoms.

“You know you really should trim all this hair to make it nice.” Mr Wallace said as he pointed to it.

Her new bikini bottoms were rather tight and covered her pretty well, but the top Mr Wallace gave her did the opposite. The t-shirt that was cut in such a way that it showed a lot of under boob. Then the nurse gave her a gatorade to replace some electrolytes she had lost.

Standing there drinking her gatorade she noticed her right boob became fully exposed when she lifted her arm up to take a sip. Now she became anxious about exposing her boobs to everyone in the school.

“I can’t teach like this my boobs are going to be exposed every time I move.” She said to Mr Wallace

“Look everything is going to be okay. Other students wear practically next to nothing. So, your t-shirt will be just fine. “

Faith took another sip of gatorade.

“So do you feel up to going back to class?” The nurse said

Faith looked at everyone in the room then gave a sigh and said, “I guess so.”

“Great.” Said Mr Wallace said as left the room with the two boys

“I can’t go out of here looking like this can I? There is nothing else I can wear?” Faith said hoping that she didn’t have to or the nurse had something else that would cover her top more.

“You will be fine. Look what I am wearing.” The nurse said as she lifted her short skirt up showing Faith that she had no panties on. Then grabbed her breast through her flimsy top which showed cleavage and side boob.

She gave another sigh acknowledging that she would have to teach the rest of the day in what she had on. The nurse gave her another bottle of gatorade and sent her on her way.

She was a complete bundle of nerves as she made her way back to her classroom. There was no way she could have imagined wearing what she had on to teach in a million years but here she was walking down the corridor with a lot of under boob showing and getting stares from all the students.

She tried her best to cover up with her left arm while she wrote on the board. But sometimes her arm would slowly drop exposing her breasts then she would quickly cover up again. She was in a constant state of embarrassment, but her students seem to enjoy seeing her in her predicament.

She was grateful when lunch time came around and she was able to hide in the teacher’s lounge. But then she got comments from the other teachers that it was about time she wore less clothes. She sat there shyly smiling while she ate her lunch.   

The rest of her classes were the same. She was trying to teach without exposing herself too much. When the bell rang to signal the end of her last class, she breathed a sigh of relief now she gets to go home. Then panic set in again, she realized she would have to ride the bus home in her state of dress.

She sat there for quite awhile in her empty classroom trying to work up the nerve to go home. She lifted up and pulled on her t-shirt to see if it would stretch when the janitor wearing a wife beater and small pair of shorts showing the outline of what he had walked in and saw her exposed breasts.

“Wow those are some nice titties you have there.” He said

She gave a little scream and pulled her t-shirt down. “Thank you I guess.” She replied as she began to sob

“What’s wrong my dear.”

“I don’t know if I can go home looking like this. This shirt barely covers my tits.” She said crudely and flips her shirt up. Then she turns to him, but her eye catches the bulge in his shorts.

“It will be okay honey. I know you are new here, but do you see the dress code around this town? Some people are practically naked even a few female teachers here. Still with her tits on display she continued to talk to him and told him her background.

Now he knew where she was coming from so he said “Just take one step at a time and before long your tits will be on display all the time.” He said with a chuckle

“Oh my god.” She said as she pulled her shirt down and crossed her arms over her chest.

The janitor laughed and said, “Why are you covering up? I have already seen them.”

She chuckled to herself and then looked up at him.

“There you go, are you happy?” Faith said as he flipped her top up again

He just stared at her tits with a big smile on his face then looked up at her and said, “There that isn’t so bad there is it?”

She had to agree with him “But I am just flashing you my tits not a whole bus load of people.” She spoke

“If you want, I can walk you to the bus stop.” He said as looked at her tits again

Faith agreed so they began to walk down the corridor.

“Oh by the way my name is Jazz.”

“I am Faith.” She as she pulled down her t-shirt

“No no keep your t-shirt up.”

She looked at him nervously as she lifted her t-shirt up again. The closer she got to the bus stop the more nervous she got. Jazz held her hand to comfort her.

Waiting for the bus with her tits out was nerve racking almost to the point of feeling faint.

“It’s going to be okay. Looking back on this you are going to wonder why you were so scared.”

“I don’t think so.” She said while shaking like a leaf

“Look at all the people waiting here. Do they seem concerned that you are topless?”

Faith nervously glanced around at the people waiting for the bus. A few smiled at her while others were doing their own thing.

“I suppose not.” She said as she calmed down a bit

Then she saw a woman walk up to the bus stop who basically had everything showing.

“Hey Jazz, where can I find a bikini like hers.”

He looked over at her and gave an approving smile and said “There is a shop just a couple of blocks over.”

“Can you help me shop for one.” She said as she touched his arm

With the biggest grin he agreed to help her. Still nervous as hell, she and Jazz walked to the bikini shop. This was well out of her comfort zone, but she made it to the store while exposing her breasts. Once in the store they both went through the selection.

“These are quite popular.” He said as he picked out a see thru sling shot bikini.

“Are you kidding me? I can’t wear that.”

“Sure, you can. Go and try it on.”

“Where are the changing rooms?”

Jazz gave a loud chuckle “There aren’t any changing rooms.”

“Are you kidding me?” She said as she couldn’t believe him

Then the salesclerk who was also wearing a similar bikini came over to them and asked if they needed help.

“She doesn’t believe me there are no changing rooms because she wants to try on this one.”

“He is right, we don’t have changing rooms.”

“So, I get naked in front of everyone?”

“Yes, that is right girl.” The clerk said and began to strip Faith

But when it came to her bikini bottoms, she stopped the salesclerk from pulling them down.

“Come on, you can do it, off with your bikini bottoms.” Jazz said

“No, no I am not shaved down there.” Faith said as she panicked

“Really.” Jazz said which intrigued him

“We also offer bikini waxing.” The salesclerk said

“Well let’s see what we have to work with.” Jazz said and whipped them down quickly

Faith stood there stunned as Jazz and the clerk just stared at her crotch.

“Oh, dear, that is quite the nest of hair. We have to do something about that.” The clerk said and led Faith by the hand naked to the waxing room

She was beginning to get overwhelmed about being totally naked in a store in front of two strangers. She got faith to lay down on the table and prepared to wax her.

Jazz held her hand and said “It had been a long time since I have seen a hairy pussy like yours. It is a nice change to all those bald beavers.”

“You like a hairy one?”

“Hell no, get that all off.” He said as he laughed ran his hand through her pubic hair

She was a bit shocked at his forwardness at touching her in that way, but his joking manner calmed her down. Then the salesclerk began to wax her. Jazz never looked anywhere else but between her legs as she got waxed. Then her Amish upbringing was making her feel guilty about a man she barely knew seeing her naked from all angles but also a stranger touching her down there. When she had to get up on all fours Jazz gave a whistle of approval.

“Jazz, stop it.” Faith said now completely embarrassed

“I can’t, that is one fine ass.” He said

“He is right honey you have a really nice ass.” She said as spread her cheeks to spread the wax

When she was all done, Faith and Jazz went out to the store to try some bikinis. Faith felt even more naked now that her pubic hair was removed. Then a bunch of people came into the store and Faith panicked and hid behind Jazz.

“It’s okay to try this on.”

She took the bikini and turned around to put it on when she saw herself in the mirror.

“All my hair is gone.” She said as she ran her hand over it

For a moment she forgot there were other people in the store. She couldn’t get over how nice it felt but she touched herself one to many times that she had an orgasm.

Jazz grabbed a hold of her as she began to shake then he turned her around and hugged her close just in case she fell. Faith felt so exposed, vulnerable and comforted in Jazz’s arms.

Then embarrassment set in again that this all happened in a store in front of people she barely knew. She felt like putting on her borrowed bikini bottoms and t-shirt quickly to cover up, but she reached for the bikini in the sales clerk’s hand. While standing there naked it took her several seconds to figure out how to put the bikini on. As more people saw her naked, she became more flustered and made her fumble around with the bikini.

The salesclerk helped her to put it on then she stood there looking in the mirror in shock that the strips of material just covered the nipples on her huge breast and the bottom part exposed her lips.

She stared at herself for a few minutes when Jazz spoke up and said “Man that looks hot on you.”


Bikini High 2 chapter 3

She began to shake her head “I can’t wear this, it isn’t covering anything.” She began to sob

“Look sweetie if I can do it, you can. You have the body for it.” She said as she adjusted the strips of material on purpose just to feel her tits

“You will do just fine. Anyway, I have to get back to work.” He said as he cupped her hand and thanked her

Now she was alone with the salesclerk “So why is everyone basically naked in this town.”

“It was to save money. It was taking so much power to keep things cool that the town council came up with the plan to allow people to wear anything skimpy even if it showed quite a lot.”

“Why didn’t they just let people go naked then.” She said as she pointed to her bikini

“That is why the law is kind of funny. They didn’t want people to go naked but the bikinis they allowed they might as well be. But hey it is kind of fun to go around like this all day.” She said as exposed her breasts. “And technically you can get naked indoors if you want to just not outside “So do you want to buy this one?

Faith looked at the bubbly sales clerk and said “Yes.”

“Cool, I need you to take it off so I can scan it.”

Faith looked around the shop at the several people in the store then took off the bikini and gave it to the salesclerk. She did know what to do with herself while standing naked in the store but then she felt a tap on her shoulder.

She quickly turned around and saw one of her students smiling at her. She screamed and covered herself the best she could.

“Whoa it is okay Ms Kaufman I was wondering when you join us natives and wear less clothing. Come on, let’s take a good look.” He said with a cheeky grin

She gave a big sigh and let her arms full down to her side.

“Holy Ms Kaufman those tits are awesome, and that ass is out of this world.” He said as he put his hand on her ass

“Thanks Adrian I guess.” She said with major butterflies in her stomach while standing naked for her first in time in front of one of her students

“Are you going to be wearing a bikini at school tomorrow?”

“Maybe.” She said quietly

“Cool, hey guys it’s Ms Kaufman.” He said and motioned for them to come over

Faith began to panic a bit when more of her students circled her to look at her. Faith was done with being naked now she wanted to cover up, but her bikini bottoms and t-shirt were out of reach.

Then the girls and boys said goodbye and left her standing there. She stood there stunned when the salesclerk snapped her out of it to hand her her new bikini. She thanked the salesclerk and hurried to put on her bikini bottoms and t-shirt.

She stuffed her new bikini in her purse and headed for the bus stop to go home. Standing there waiting for the bus she heard Jazz’s voice in her head coaxing her to leave her t-shirt up to expose her tits. She was having this battle in her head should I or shouldn’t I.

When the bus came, she noticed the bus was quite full. When she boarded there were no seats, so she had to stand and hold on to the overhead bar for support. Right away she noticed that her t-shirt that came just below her nipples rose up an inch or so. She tried not to panic now that she was topless on the bus. She looked around and the only one that took notice was an old man.

He smiled at her, and she smiled back. This was a different world to her where nobody had any qualms about her being topless. Her stop came up and she kept her nipples exposed as she walked off the bus and then home. When she got inside her apartment she stripped off and had to put on her new bikini and look at herself in the mirror. She looked at herself from different angles then she sat on her bed to think about her day of being exposed but to her surprise she had to admit she liked it. Now what she was going to do she knew had to conform to this way of life, so she decided to spend the rest of the night in her bikini.

When she woke up the next morning, she felt guilty for what happened so her enthusiasm for being exposed waned. So, she put on her regular t-shirts and shorts minus underwear and headed to the bus stop.

She noticed the old man from the day before smiling at her. With all the people coming and going she ended up standing next to the old man.

He smiled at her and said” How come you are not exposing your lovely breasts?”

“I don’t know, I am kind of new at this.” She said bashfully

“I kind of figured that but that is okay. So, are you going to?”

“Am I going to what?” she said puzzled

“You know.” He said as his eyes drifted down to her breasts as did the guys next to him

She clued in and looked around contemplating lifting her t-shirt and battled with it for a few minutes. Then she looked him in the eyes and she lifted her t-shirt up and it felt quite exhilarating.

The people around her heard everything and cheered that someone new had become one of them. Faith couldn’t keep the grin off her face from the joy she was having with her tits out in public. When she got off at her stop and walked towards the school, she felt the need to pull her t-shirt down.

When she passed Mr Wallace in the corridor his eyes were glued to her tits as he said” Good morning.”

“Good morning, Mr Wallace.”

While she was sitting at her desk thoughts went to the students that saw her naked at the bikini store. Then she wondered if they may ask for her to strip or something then thoughts went to if she was going to do it or not. And wouldn’t you know who walks into her class but Adrian the student that saw her naked the day before.

“I thought you were going to come to school in your bikini.” He said with a cheeky grin and sat down at the front of class. Then the rest of the class all found their seats then she heard them whispering when writing on the board.

She fought the urge to turn around to ask but the whispers persisted making her turn around and asked what it was all about. Something she regretted as soon as she said it.

“Well Ms Kaufman, didn’t you say you will wear your bikini to school.”

“Yes I did.” She said all embarrassed

“Where is your bikini?” Adrian said as the rest of the class said the same thing

“I didn’t bring it because.” She said as she paused debating to whether to be truthful

“Because of what.” Adrian said

With a long pause she said, “I am still too nervous and embarrassed about exposing myself.”

“It’s okay to show off Ms Kaufman.” Tiffany said as she got up and exposed her tits and pulled up her bottoms to expose her lips then sat down again

She was looking down and shaking her head thinking “I hope I don’t regret this.”

Then she slowly pulled her t-shirt off and put it on her desk and continued writing on the board for the day’s lesson. It felt so weird to her to be topless in class but strangely liberating and exhilarating. Sitting back down at her desk and watching her students do their work and seeing Tiffany and other girls similarly dressed made her think that it wasn’t such a big deal to wear next to nothing.

When that class was over, and the next class came pouring in they all noticed and made some nice remarks about her breasts then sat down waiting for the day’s lesson she began to feel comfortable with being topless.

When it came to lunch time, she thought about putting her top on to go to the teachers lounge to eat. Now she was going to topless in front of her fellow teachers. She picked up her t-shirt and stuffed it in the desk drawer and went to the lounge.

To her surprise there were mostly male teachers there which made her somewhat nervous. They all gawked at her and made some funny jokes but then congratulated her on having the nicest tits in school. Faith began to blush but thanked them and sat there and ate her lunch.

She was hoping for some of the other bikini clad teachers to show up to take the guys’ attention off of her but they never showed. Then one guy said, “So when are you getting rid of your shorts.”

It shocked Faith and made her think of her time being naked in the bikini store.

“I don’t know.” She said shyly

“Can you give us a show and take them off now.” Another teacher said

Now she was even more embarrassed that he put her on the spot. Her mind was running a mile a minute trying to decide to do it or not.

The other guys got in on it to coax her to do it and mentioned she will be in a bikini soon and showing it off anyway.

“We just want a first look.” One of them said grinning from ear to ear

They had a point I was going to be practically naked sooner or later she thought.

“Fine here you go.” She said and stood up and moved away from the table

Then she took off her shorts and did a little spin for them. The guys were overjoyed and complimented her on how beautiful she was. Then the flamboyant Mrs Lopez came into the lounge and saw what was going on.

It shocked Faith for a second and was about to put her shorts back on when Mrs Lopez stopped her. Faith looked her over, seeing that her bikini top the string just outlined her tits and didn’t provide any cover at all and the same for her bottoms.

Faith’s first thought was what was the point of wearing a bikini like that.

“Yes, honey, that is the way to do it, show it all babe.” She said and kissed faith on the lips

Then she walked around Faith checking her out and then slapped on the ass and said, “You go girl.”

Faith found a certain comfort in knowing Mrs Lopez was just a naked as her amongst the male teachers. It kind of made it okay for her to be totally exposed.

The banter between everyone and the cracking of jokes added to her feeling good about being naked. They all chatted for about fifteen minutes mainly about Faith and her upbring and nudity would be really frowned upon. When the bell rang for the next class, they all hugged her and thanked her for being part of the team.

Now she was left with should she put on her shorts or go without. She looked at her shorts then quickly put them on. She wasn’t ready for that just yet. Being topless was okay for now.

Everything was great the rest of the day. As soon as the last student left the classroom she sat back in her chair and gave a sigh of relief. When it seemed that all the students had left the building her hands went to her breasts and began massaging them. She closed her eyes to enjoy the feeling when Adrian walked in the classroom along with all his friends quietly so that faith couldn’t  hear them.

They all watched silently as she massaged her breast then unzipped her shorts and stuck her hand down between her legs. Then she opened her eyes slightly to watch her hand rub herself when she screamed in horror that about ten of her students were watching her.

“Oh my god oh my god!” she said as she scrambled to pull up her shorts and grab her t-shirt, she had stored away in her desk drawer

Faith was so mortified that she had been caught masturbating by her students that she began to sob because of sheer embarrassment plus the struggle she had putting her t-shirt on.

Adrian rushed over to calm her down.

“Hey hey it’s okay, let me take this off.” He said as he reached for her t-shirt

But faith pushed his hands away and said “I don’t want to be naked anymore.”

Adrian reached for the t-shirt again but this time she just let him do what he was going to do.

As he was pulling her t-shirt up, he said “You know you want to get naked. You were half naked all day and completely naked in the teachers lounge.”

“But you saw me.” She cried

He placed her t-shirt on the floor as he kneeled to take her shorts off. She put her hands in front of her shorts in the feeble effort to stop him, but it was no use her shorts were on the way down. Then he stuck his nose close to her and gave a sniff.


Bikini High 2 chapter 4

Adrian stood up, gave her a kiss on the cheek then handed her a bikini.

“I want you to wear this.”

Faith just looked around at her students in disbelief “umm okay.”

“Great, see you tomorrow gorgeous.” He said as he gave her a little smack on her ass and left

The rest of the students did the same and left the classroom. And there was faith standing totally naked in her classroom holding a bikini. Then suddenly Mr Wallace appeared which made her scream and cover herself with her hands.

“I am so sorry that I am naked Mr Wallace. I am so sorry.” She said sobbing again

He put his hands on her shoulders and consoled her. He kept telling her that everything will be alright.

“I have a bikini I want you to wear tomorrow.” He said and handed another bikini

“Hey Mr. Wallace, everything is good to go. And heeelllloo again sweet cheeks.”

“Hello Jazz.” She said softly

All that was going through her mind was that she was naked and wanted something to wear. But now she was conflicted. Mr Wallace said it was okay, but she didn’t want it to be.

“Hey, do you want any more bikinis? I really like this one.” He said as he showed her the picture on his phone.

It was one similar to Ms Lopez’s bikini and the first words she said, “I can’t wear I will be naked.”

“What, like you are now.” Jazz said as he looked her up and down

Then it clicked in her head that she was naked arguing with her boss about not wanting to be naked when her t-shirt and shorts were on the floor.

“Fine, I will wear that bikini.” She said in a tone because she was mad at herself for wanting to be naked

“That’s great. Now come with us.” Mr Wallace said

“Can’t I get dressed first.”

“Of course, not sweetie.” Jazz said

Now she was walking down the school corridor naked to what seemed like it was towards the gym.

“We have something to show you. Go on, open the door and go in.” Mr Wallace said

When she did, they quickly went in behind her.

What she saw was a gym full of students yelling “Surprise.”

She stood there frozen until Mr Wallace gave her a gentle push towards the students.

The students fully welcomed her to the school which snapped her out of her daze. She was happy about being naked and apologized to Adrian for earlier. They all stood around chatting in the gym for about thirty minutes then they began to disperse.

She was beside herself with being fully naked amongst a large crowd of students and teachers. All that was left was Jazz.

“So are you going to put on a bikini?” Jazz said grinning

She fumbled around with the first and it was just like Mrs Lopez’s bikini. She panicked and took it off and put the one Mr Wallace gave her. It was the same one.

“Jazz, I can’t go home in this. Please help.” She said mournfully

Jazz hugged her “Look sweet cheeks do you want me to walk you to the bus stop again?”

Faith stood there thinking about how her life had changed so dramatically.

“No, I am fine, I will go by myself.”

“That’s my girl.” He said as he watched her walk away

Faith could hear her heart beat as she got closer to the front door of the school and was shaking with every step. When she got outside she began to have an anxiety attack and started to hyperventilate.

“Come on Faith, you can do this.” She said to herself to pump herself up

She was on sensory overload walking to the bus and didn’t want to look people in their eyes so kept her head down. When she reached the bus stop the bus arrived within a minute. When she stepped on the bus, she noticed the bus was extra full. She was about to get off and wait for the next one when she saw a familiar face. It was the old man that convinced her to show off her tits.

She got on the bus and made her way through to him.

“Wow, it is nice to see everything.” He said in a cheeky manner

“Oh, this old thing.” She said in a joking manner

“By the way I am Faith.” She said and stuck out her hand

“I am Arthur.” He took her hand and turned it around and kissed it

Just then the bus hit a bump and since she wasn’t hanging on, she fell towards Arthur and he got a face full of tits.

“I am sorry Arthur.” She said with a giggle

“No worries darling, I have died and gone to heaven.”

“Are you sure?” She said with her tits still in his face

“Umm ummm.” He said as he put his face fully into her tits

“Arthur you cheeky monkey.” She said as she got back up

“Now that we are fully acquainted and intimate. Maybe we can meet up again.”

“For sure.” She said with a smile

Then loads of people got on the bus and it became really crowded. Then Arthur offered Faith to sit on his lap.

She declines then Arthur says, “You have a way to go and you can sit right here.”

All thoughts rushed through her head. She was so nervous to get home on the bus in her state of dress and now she enjoyed having Arthur’s face in her tits. Now Jazz’s voice was in her head telling her to go ahead sweet cheeks.

“You know what, what the hell.” She said and sat on his lap

Arthur’s hands went straight to her ass. “Now I know I have gone to heaven with an angel sitting on my lap.”

With Arthurs hands softly rubbing her ass she had realized she had crossed the threshold where being basically naked was no big deal anymore.

“So how are you doing back there Arthur?”

“I don’t know I have this beautiful woman sitting on my lap who has this awesome ass.” He said as he gave her ass a rub and a shake.

Faith laughed and looked around at the others on the bus and most paid no attention at all.

It was Faith’s stop and she got up off Arthur’s lap.

“Bye Arthur see you soon.”

“Bye my angel.”

Faith got off the bus on a high. She had done it and she walked down the street with pride.

You know what, I think I want to go and have something to eat, she thought and so headed for the nearest restaurant. Just walking down the street and into the restaurant showing everything was somehow nothing she would have dreamed of doing but here she was enjoying being totally exposed.

After her meal she had a few drinks and walked home with a bit of a buzz. She was happy she made this move to this awesome place; she was high on life.

She inserted her key and opened the door to her apartment to see her mother standing there ready to greet her. Faith screamed and tried to cover herself and all her insecurities came back. She quickly shut the door and said, “What the hell mom, what are you doing here?”

“What the hell are you doing walking around naked?” her mom said angrily

“Go put some clothes on this instant.”

Faith stood there in shock that her mom arrived out of nowhere and the new part of her wanted to resist her.

“No, tell me why you are here mom?” she shouted

Her mother came over and hugged her and started crying.

“What’s going on mom?” she said standing there naked hugging her mother

“They kicked me out, they shunned me. I had no other place to go. They found out I was keeping in contact with you.”

She stood there hugging her mother while she cried her heart out. She stroked her hair and let her cry. She knew her pain and sympathized with her. When all her crying was done, she had to ask.

“Mom it is the way of life here plus it is way too hot to have clothes on here.”

Her mom had to agree it was too hot but buck naked though she said.

“I know mom I struggled with it, and I just came to terms with it today. I almost fainted in school because I had too many clothes on.”

“What happened to your pubic hair?”

Faith chuckled and said, “It is kind of unsightly when wearing skimpy bikinis.”

“Does that mean I have to wear what you are wearing?”

“Maybe mom but just take it slow.”

“Come on mom, let’s go for a coffee.”

They went to the local coffee shop and sat outside.

“Wow this place is really different isn’t it?”

“You can say that again.”

Faith could see her mother was getting too hot

“Hey mom, strip off down to your bra.”

“I can’t Faith, I am in public.”

“Really mom, look at what I am wearing, and the others are wearing.”

“Okay honey.” She said as she looked at her daughter in admiration

“How do you do it , you know, get naked honey.”

“Well mom, it was a step by step process. I wore a top that showed my breast then and just wore shorts then for some reason I stripped my shorts to show the male teachers in the lounge. Then this is what you see now. Each time I was feeling guilty, but I overcame that.”

Her mother was proud of her and saw how far she had come and the struggles she endured.

Her mother saw lots of people in various stages of undress and then “Hey would anyone take notice if I took my bra off.”

Faith giggled “Really mom.”

“Yes, honey I might as well fit in. I have nowhere to go. You know how it is.”

She looked at her mom for a few moments and with a grin said” Yes mom that would be great.”

Her mom took off her bra and said “Aahhh I always wanted to do that.”

“What, you always wanted to do that?” She spoke

“Sorry honey I always wanted to get naked, but you know how it is back home.”

“Do tell mom.”

“You know that place we used to swim. Well one day I got caught swimming naked with a bunch of boys. I got punished harshly by my parents and I have never been naked again. But I love the feeling of being seen by the boys.”

“What are you saying mom you want to get naked here?”

Her mom hung her head in shame and quietly said “Yes.”

“Awe mom, feel free to be yourself.”

They hugged for several minutes.

“So, you are okay with me dressed like this.”

“Yes, honey I am jealous to tell you the truth.”

“Come on, let’s go home. I have a few bikinis for you to try on.”

They hurried home and Faith threw all the bikinis she had on the couch for her mom to try on.

Her mother did not hesitate to get naked and try them on. She settled for the same one her daughter had.

“Wow honey these do not cover anything.”

“I know they don’t.”

“I think I like it a lot.”

“You might want to get your pubes shaved off.”

“Maybe tomorrow I want to go out now I don’t care if my pubes are showing.”

Faith didn’t realize how much her mom had repressed her feelings.

“Okay mom lets go and have something to eat and maybe a drink or two.”

Faith hugged her and said, “I missed you so much.”

“Same here baby girl.”

They walked hand in hand out of Faith’s apartment and headed for the nearest pub.

“Holy shit Faith this is awesome.”

Faith had never heard her mom swear before but somehow it fit the occasion.

“This is fucking awesome being naked in public.” Faith said

They went arm in arm down the street to the popular bar.

Upon entering the pub, she admired her mom’s cavalier attitude about being basically naked. After something to eat and a few drinks the music started playing.  Her mom dragged her out on the dance floor.

Then her mom whispered in her daughter’s ear and said, “I always wanted to dance naked on the dance floor.”

All Faith could think about was how much her mom suppressed her feelings. The night was one of the best mother, daughter bonding moments. Now Faith realized where she got her hidden tendency to be naked.

They even got up on the stage to dance together.

Faith and her mother made their way back home and crashed on her bed together. The next morning Faith did her usual and ate breakfast naked then headed out.

Now she was even more confident, she strutted her way to the bus stop. When she got on, she saw Arthur and sat beside him. Arthur put his hand on her thigh and thanked her for the last time.

Faith was on a high that she didn’t mind that Arthur’s hand slipped down between her legs. She let him play a little bit until she had to get off the bus. When she got into school and then into the teacher’s lounge, she found herself acting like Mrs. Lopez.

It seemed like they unleashed the beast. Faith turned into another Mrs. Lopez.
