Pregnant Wife of a Friend
Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

Story idea sent to me by one of my Fans. I wrote this in the form of a story. Husbands often neglect the sexual needs of his pregnant wife and so they fall for others for sexual releases. Read it!

	I was staying the night with Lata and Saurabh who stayed in Delhi. Lata was my wife's cousin, a pretty, rather conventional woman my own age (28). The last time I had stayed with them Lata had been 7 months pregnant, huge taut belly, and her bust had developed impressively. I find pregnant woman very sexy and always want to make love to them. Lata let me feel the baby kicking inside her swollen belly through her thin dress, and I had to stop my hand straying downwards . . . I held my ear against her hot drum and perhaps she wondered why I liked it so much. She looked utterly feminine and very sexy. I thought of the different positions she would have had to explore when making love. 
This visit was two months after the birth and Lata's figure was back to normal, apart from her breasts which were full. Her daughter seemed to be thriving on her mother's milk, but Lata looked tired and the healthy bloom of pregnancy had disappeared.
	I got up just as Saurabh went off to work - my meeting wasn't until lunch time so I could be leisurely. Lata was sitting at the dining table with Munni, her baby, on her knee. She wore a long white night-gown with bra , and her hair was loose. We chatted about things here and there. I had always got on well with her. Munni was crying and Lata said 'She's hungry - you don't mind if I feed her do you?' 
	'Not if you don't,' I said.
She undid the front of her gown and released one her breasts from its cup. Munni grabbed it easily and fell silent suckling on it. I tried to talk but it was obvious that Lata's mind was not on my words. I noticed she was pressing hard on her unoccupied breast with her wrist. I looked at her face and was surprised by her expression of utter bliss.
'Do you enjoy breastfeeding, Lata?' I asked softly.
'Mmm, I do,' she smiled at me radiantly. 'I feel a bit guilty really; sometimes I think I enjoy it more than Munni does.'
She looked down at her free breast. 'Ohhhhhhhh, I'm leaking again. I've just got too much milk. As soon as she sucks on one side the other one starts too. I need three hands.' She was trying to stuff a pad down the inside of the cup.
'Can I help?'
'Oh, would you? Do you mind? If you could just hold this pad . . .'
She released the cup and I pressed the pad against her engorged nipple. I was surprised to find her breast hard, the nipple even harder. She looked quickly at me, embarrassed.
'Saurabh won't help. He feels a bit turned off by it all.'
'I'm not. I think it's really beautiful.'
She was quiet, Munni sucking, me pressing her breast trying not to do anything sensuous. Suddenly I noticed that Lata was weeping silently.
'What's wrong, Lata?'
She shook her head. 'This is the only pleasure I get nowadays. You can't imagine what it's like. '
'What do you mean?'
'Saurabh and I . . . haven't. . made love since I got pregnant. He didn't seem to find me attractive any more whereas . . . well, some women . . . when they're pregnant they seem to feel . . .well, sexier somehow. At least once I'd got over the morning sickness in the first couple of months. Did you know that?' She was obviously having trouble telling me.
'Yes, I did know. And I thought you looked lovely last time I saw you. You looked so feminine . . . and very sexy too.'
'I was really getting frustrated by the time Munni arrived. Afterwards, when I'd healed up - it didn't take long - I thought things might get back to normal. But they haven't. . . I'm tired, but I just feel so . . .'
'Horny?' I whispered.
'Oh Phil, I don't know what to do.'
I knew . .. 
'It's time to change sides,' she said. 'Get ready with a new pad, will you?'
We managed the swap very easily. Her other nipple, despite its sucking, was equally hard. I stared at her tautly swollen breasts, my mind spinning.
'I've got so much milk, there's far too much for Munni.'
'Do you find breastfeeding arousing?' I asked.
'It sounds awful, but yes, I do, very. It's heavenly. I think I'd . . . well, climax, you know . . if I let myself. But I'd feel so guilty.' she laughed shortly.
'You poor thing,' I said. 'You must be so frustrated.'
'I shouldn't have told you all this.'
'You should . . . and I should tell you that I find you very sexy and attractive. I always have. I've not dared to say it before.'
She looked up at me, her face wet with tears.
'You're very kind.'
Munni seemed to have gone to sleep, the nipple still in her mouth.
'I'll put her down now. Can you press on the other side too? I'm still dripping like a tap!'
We staggered to Munni's bed, me holding on to her breasts from behind. It was an undignified position and I tried not to laugh. Munni settled to sleep easily and Lata straightened up. I held her to me, careful not to let her feel my erect lund against her ass. I could feel the heat of her body through the night-gown.
'I'm going to have to expell some milk,' she said. 'Let's go over to the sink.'
We went over and she hung over the sink, letting her breasts drip freely, then she began to squeeze them, increasing the flow, and making little sighing noises. It was obviously very pleasurable for her. I realised that she was in a way masturbating. I eased the shoulders of her night-gown down and undid the front buttons. The smell of her body rose into my nostrils. Thin spurts of milk came from her nipples with every squeeze.
'Let me do it.' I whispered, grasping the two huge breasts. She let me without a murmur, supporting herself over the sink. The night-gown was down around her waist, kept up only by my body pressing against her back. I milked her gently but firmly and she moaned with delight.
'Do you want to cum, Lata?' I said softly.
'I want . . . I want to . . ' she shook her head.
'What do you want? Tell me . . '
'I want. . . I can't say it . . .'
'Do you want to be fucked by someone who's desperate for you? Is that what you want?'
She shuddered, then nodded her head silently.
	I stepped back and the night-gown fell to the floor, revealing her shapely ass and long legs. Hurriedly I stripped, and touched her on the shoulder. She turned round, her still-dripping breasts swinging towards me. They were enormous, the nipples red and projecting, the aureoles brown, saucer-sized and  puckered. She gasped when she saw my huge lund pointing at her like a pole, and sank to her knees. I grasped her hands and lay back on the kitchen floor, pulling her down on top of me. She got astride my hips and I helped her trembling hands to position the head of my lund between her lips. She was amazingly wet and hot - she must have been juicing for ages. She sank down onto me, engulfing me in her choot. The milk from her breasts ran down her stomach and into her pubic hair. 
As I slid easily into her thickly juiced choot, she moaned.
'Oh God, you don't know how good that feels! Its been so long! Ohhhhh Chodo muze. Ahhhh fuck me. its more than 10 months and my choot is hungry for lund. Ohhhhh saurabh ne to choda nahi aab tum Chodo.'
She began to rise and fall on me, letting me fuck her choot from down below with loud sucking noises. I grasped her solid breasts and squeezed them, making the milk flow between my fingers and down my arms. We thrust together, her moans increasing in intensity. Before long her tempo increased and she leant forward urgently, her breasts dangling like melons over my face. I felt the warm drops falling on my face and mouth. I grabbed her ass and pumped up and down in her hole, knowing that she was going to cum and that I was too. Her rhythm reached a peak and she cried out breathlessly and I felt my aching lund gripped by her powerful choot muscles. Simultaneously fine jets of milk squirted in all directions from her nipples, drenching my face and hair. It was so arousing that I climaxed abruptly, jetting cum deep into her choot while she bathed me in her own juices.
	She fell on top of me, breathing hard. I looked into her eyes. Her face had changed - she no longer looked tired. She glowed with sexual happiness. She reached out and grabbed a towel, then carefully wiped my face. 'You are wet,' she smiled. 'I'm sorry, I couldn't help it.'
	'It's as if you've cum in my face,' I said. She smiled sadly.
'It's a long time since anyone's cum in my face,' she said. 'You look shocked! I haven't always been a demure little housewife you know.'
Suddenly she buried her face in my shoulder. 'Oh, what have we done? I'm sure Saurabh will realise. I won't be able to behave normally after this. We shouldn't have done it . . '
'What else could we do? Didn't you enjoy it?'
She hugged me, smashing her wonderful breasts between us. 'It's the first time for a year. You can't imagine how it felt. I couldn't have stood it much longer.' 
Although my erection had gone temporarily, she still held me in her. My lund was warm and trapped in her wet cave. I shifted my buttocks.
'Are you comfortable down there?'
'Well, the floor is a bit hard, I must admit. Why don't we go to the bedroom?'
'Oh, I don't know . . .'
'Don't you want it again?'
'Of course I want it again. I want it over and over again, non-stop for weeks!' She was laughing now.
'Well, I'll do my best.'
She got off me releasing a little flood of juices onto my stomach. I noticed wet patches on the tiles.
'Do you want to clean up?' I offered her the towel.
She shook her head. 'I haven't had cum running down my legs for years.' she said matter-of-factly. 'It makes me feel 10 years younger!'
	I followed her ass up the stairs, hearing the slick of her wet thighs as they rubbed against each other. In the bedroom, she laid a towel on the bed and lay back on it, her ass on the edge of the bed.
'I'm all yours. Chodo muze! Poori masti nikalo,' she said, opening her thighs. Her choot glistened with juices. I knelt between her thighs and buried my face in the hot slit. I drank her womanly juices eagerly, then moved to her clit, and she moaned deep in her throat. She came easily, without stress, clamping her wet thighs around my head. I was fully erect again by now and quickly stood up and plunged into her choot hole before she had stopped coming. A few strokes and she came again, more urgently.
	I held her legs wide and rammed my lund into her with a powerful stroke. I guessed that she had missed most of all the feel of a big lund pistoning relentlessly inside her, and I seemed to be right, for she just rode with me, gasping every time I plumbed her depths. My lund felt huge and potent - our first fuck had taken the edge of my urgent lust and I felt as if I could keep going all day. I leaned forward, grinding my pubic bone against hers, and kneaded her breasts, renewing the spurts of milk that ran down her sides and onto the towel. She began to gasp urgently and I felt my lund squeezed hard by her choot muscles. It took a lot of control not to come. 
When she had ridden out her climax I withdrew and knelt to lick her again, drawing another thigh-clamping orgasm from her. My own imminent climax had receded so I turned her over so that her glorious ass jutted proudly towards me, and sank my lund gratefully into her choot once again. I pumped her with long, deep strokes, watching the build-up of juice at the base of my lund, and the smiling pink pucker of her asshole. I was really going deep in her now, the head of my lund striking the front of her choot and bouncing off to ram into her womb, and she was loving every inch of it.
	In fact the continuous friction against her tightly-gripping choot had somewhat desensitized my lund, which was good as I wanted to give her as long a fuck as I could, to make up for all her months of abstinence. I kept up the steady rhythm, pounding harder and harder, almost wanting her to tell me it was too much for her. But she was obviously a woman built for intensive fucking, and eventually I had to stop and let my arousal subside. I tongued her clit again and she climaxed swiftly, her cries of ecstasy muffled by the mattress.
I turned her over again and spread her legs wide. She looked up at me happily.
'Not getting sore?' I said.
'Should I be?'
'Just wondered. You're not used to it.'
'I've got a lot of catching up to do,' she said, jerking her hips up at me. 'Come on, fuck me some more!'
I did, as hard and as deep as I could. She took it all and loved it, gasping and shouting in time with my thrusts. I lost all track of time, stopping only when I knew I was on the verge of cumming and then tonguing her until she came. Every so often I would turn her over and take her from the rear, glorying in the sight of her juice-smeared ass and tightly-stretched anus. I still felt that I could keep going all day and I couldn't think of anything I'd rather spend a day doing.
My balls by this time had almost disappeared inside me, I was so full of unspent cum that I felt I was about to burst. Lata had begun to cum quite frequently while I was fucking her, rather than only when I tongued her clit, and the fierce clenching of her choot made it harder and harder to control myself. Inevitably one particularly violent squeeze took me over the edge, and I knew I was past the point at which I could stop the bursting flood of sperm from blasting its way out.
'I'm going to cum!' I gasped, and to my shock Lata quickly sat up, my lund withdrawing from her, and twisted round so that she was lying with her face at the level of my hips. She clutched my huge reddened glistening shaft with both hands and opened her mouth wide.
It was all done so fast that I was still rushing headlong down the final slope to climax. At the first touch of her hands I erupted and a long stream of whitish liquid jetted into her face, hitting her cheek and nose with an audible splash. That was just the first and by no means the most powerful - again and again had I cum  helplessly into her mouth and face, my legs sagging from the power of my long-delayed climax. She laughed with delight and her tongue lashed around her lips, trying to gather up as much of my gift as she could before my spurts subsided. 
It seemed a lifetime before I was empty, and still her hands drew further spasms from my lund, until I was crying out with the almost painful jerks that radiated through my body.
	My thin cream covered her, it was all in her hair, dripping from her eyelids (she had kept her eyes open throughout, even when my flood hit her full on the forehead), running down her cheeks and nose, pooling in her wide-open mouth and trickling off her chin. I sank to my knees, exhausted, and looked at her white cum covered face. I had always thought that 'facials' were something that men liked to see and women just had to put up with. Lata, it seemed, loved them. And I had thought she was a demure little housewife.
'What time's your meeting?' she said, the cum in her mouth slurring her words a little. Christ, I had completely lost track of time. I had half an hour to take bath , dress, drive ten miles. I made it, just, but all through the meeting I was seeing Lata's cum-spattered face smiling at me and feeling the dull ache in my lund and in my crotch, almost as if someone had kicked me.
That was six weeks ago. I'm staying with them again next week, just for the night. Saurabh mentioned on the phone that he might be away on a course at the time. We'll see what happens.
	Friends. Be careful and pleasure your wife when she is pregnant or else there are guys like me who can!
	Send your comments to jeevan80@yahoo.com.
