Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Five: Lesbian Breeds Her Busty Girlfriend
Summary: With her reality altering ring, the lesbian breeds her busty girlfriend.
Keywords: ff Ff Fff mc oral anal breed inter lac preg exhib voy wife toy bodymod

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Kimberly Parks

I was so eager to trib with my gorgeous, Indian girlfriend and breed her.

Erika had big, lactating titties thanks to my ring. She loved me now, too. I didn't have to be afraid that my crush on her was one-sided. It wasn't. She loved me as much as I loved her. That was so incredible to know. To just think about, wasn't it? That we could be united in this wonderful fashion was a pure joy to me. I was just so thrilled by it.

Now with my newest wish, which had utterly tarnished my ring, I had made it so I could breed any woman I tribbed with. We would have a baby if I did this. It was a miracle that could only come about with the reality-altering properties of my ring.

I spread my legs wide as I lay down on my bed. My big boobs jiggled. I had a perfect body thanks to this ring. The body I was always supposed to have. That was incredible to me. I was so glad that I was so blessed to have this wondrous form.

My girlfriend slid into the bed. She stared at me with this hot look in her eyes. She had such a gleam in those brown depths. She had glossy, black hair that spilled around her shoulders and such gorgeous, red-brown skin.

We're really going to have a baby! she squealed in delight.

Yep, I said, my pussy on fire. Isn't that amazing?

Oh, it is, she said. Kimberly, my heart beating so fast. It's just racing.

I winked at her, so eager for her to trib with me. She climbed onto the bed then she looked at me with some confusion. It was clear she wasn't sure how to trib with me. That was so cute of her. I wanted to just hug her and kiss her.

Just lay back on your elbows and spread your legs, I told her, my pussy so eager to use this new power of mine. I'll take care of the rest.

She fired me a relieved smile. She did as I told her. I loved the sight of Erika's shaved folds. She had such a gorgeous pussy that just begged me to breed her. I moved closer to her, sliding my right leg under hers and my left leg over. I brought our cunts closer and closer together until that magic moment happened.

Our pussies kissed.

I shuddered at the warm, wet feel of her twat on mine. I undulated my hips, sliding my pussy in slow circles against her vulva. Our clits brushed. She gasped and moaned. Her big boobs jiggled. Her red-brown hand grabbed my pale-olive thigh, stroking me.

Our daughter is going to be so cute, I moaned as I tribbed harder against her twat.

Ooh, I bet, she said. Mixed-race babies are always so cute. Like you are, Kimberly.

I grinned at her as I hugged her left leg to my breasts. I hugged her to me, rubbing my cheek against her foot as we humped our cunts together. Our pussies kissed. Clits slid through hot folds and brushed. Sparks flared.

It was incredible sharing this delight with my girlfriend. I was so thrilled to trib with her. To grind my cunt on hers. It was incredible to share this delight. She had such a fantastic pussy. Her juices soaked mine. I could feel the heat building between us.

We would have such an amazing climax together. Just cum and cum. Our pussy juices would flood and mix. Somehow, that would breed her. That would make a baby. A mix of me and her. That was so hot.

I was so glad I would knock up my best friend first.

I love you, Erika, I moaned, our slippery pussies sliding against each other. I love you so much!

Oh, Kimberly! she moaned. Kimberly! I love you so much. I want to have this baby with you. Ooh, yes, yes. I want to have your daughter!

Those words swelled my orgasm. My clit throbbed and my pussy lips drank in the kiss of hers. Our shaved muffs smeared together. The pleasure swelled and swelled in me. I hurtled towards that huge explosion of rapture. I would have a big burst of pleasure. Just an amazing delight to have that ecstasy flooding out of me.

And breeding her in the process. The thought of knocking up my girlfriend swelled my orgasm even faster. I climbed towards it. I just had to explode. I whimpered, on the verge of bursting. My face contorted as I hugged her leg to my tits.

Oh, my god, I moaned. Oh, my fucking god, that's it. That's just amazing. I'm going to cum.
Cum on me! she gasped, humping harder against me. Yes, yes, just burst on me. I want to climax with you. I'm so close.

Me, too.

My hip undulated, grinding my clit into her pussy lips. Then I brushed her clit. My orgasm exploded through me. My pussy convulsed. My cream gushed out and bathed her snatch, fertilizing her womb with my passion.

She squealed in delight. Her body bucked, too. Our cream mixed as we both shuddered in climactic passion. Waves of delight rushed through me as I humped against her cunt. The pleasure melted my mind. Stars danced across my vision.

I can feel your essence flooding my womb, Erika howled. Kimberly. This is amazing. Yes, yes, this is so awesome.

Wonderful, I moaned, loving how I had altered reality. 

The waves of rapture drowned my mind. My head tossed as the pleasure swept over my thoughts. It was amazing to shudder against her. My pussy juices and hers spilled between us, making us even slippery as we kept rubbing on each other.

My orgasm hit that wild peak. I shuddered then fell onto my back I panted, staring up at the ceiling, dizzy with what I had done. With the power of my amazing ring. I could do anything I wanted. There was no stopping me.

Erika sat up and crawled over me, her heavy boobs swaying. I shuddered and leaned up to latch onto a dark nipple. I suckled on her nipple. Her breast milk gushed into my mouth. That wonderful, sweet delight.

I'm going to nurse our daughter just like this, said Erika. Ooh, I can't wait for her to grow up and be old enough to nurse from me.

I got that. I wanted to share this breast milk with my daughter. I could make it happen. Another wish, but... I had already used up so much power with this one. I would have to find a woman to recharge my ring. I had already used Erika, both my sisters, and Mom. There was no one in the apartment that I could use.

I'd have to find another woman to do it. 

I kept nursing from Erika, coming down from our high. It was such a wild delight. I couldn't wait for tomorrow. I would do such naughty things. I would have so much fun at school. I bet I could find a girl to finger with ease.

Hell, I bet I could march naked to the apartment next door and finger Mrs. Sheridan. She was a woman in her mid-twenties. Newly married. Just settling down with her husband, a guy named Sheldon. 

Like that nerd from the Big Bang Theory. His mother on the show called him Shelly, didn't she? Mmm, that was a nice name. A good name for a sexy woman. My fingers twitched as I nursed from my girlfriend's breast. I had to recharge my ring for my wild plans.

I popped my mouth off Erika's nipple and purred, Have you ever met my new neighbors? A young couple. The Sheridans. They're super cute. He's a nerd, and she's a busty blonde. I don't know how he landed such a hottie. He must have game.

Oh, and what are we going to do? asked Erika, this wicked gleam in her eyes. 

Why, we're going to go next door and say hi, I purred, rolling out of bed. I had such naughty, naughty plans. I think Mrs. Sheridan will love it if we finger her pussy and suckle on her tits. And Mr. Sheridan, well, he can watch. Sheldon Sheridan. Wow, his parents must have loved alliteration.

Mmm, and you are so naughty, Erika said as I held out my hand to her.

I am, I said. I am tired of bottling up all these lusts and desires. I'm going to get what I want. Enjoy all the things I craved before and thought I could never have. I'm not going to let anything stand in my way.

Wow, that is so awesome, groaned Erika. She gripped my hand, and I pulled her to me. Her busty boobs jiggled. She threw her arms around me. I love you, Kimberly!

She kissed me with such passion. I groaned as our boobs pressed together. Our nipples rubbed in such an exciting way. I loved this so much. I kissed her with passion. My tongue danced with hers as my hands grabbed her booty.

I squeezed and kneaded her ass, savoring this kiss. But Mrs. Sheridan awaited. I was so wet and horny for this. I just had to have her right now. I had to slide my fingers into her pussy and recharge my ring. Use it to make an even naughtier wish. 

I didn't want to wait for my daughter to grow up. I wanted to love her soon. 

Not too soon. If it took nine months to have a baby, then it should take ten days. That was fast enough. Let me play with my lover's pregnant body for a few days. Then daughter would come. She would grow up fast, too. She could grow a couple of years every day. We could run through the entire scope of her life and skip until she was fourteen. Then she would age normally.

It was perfect.

I broke the kiss and said, Let's go.

I grabbed her hand and led her out of my bedroom. I found Mom and Sandra making out on the couch. They were having so much fun sharing their lesbian passion. Andrea was by them fingering her cunt. She smiled at me. I winked at my twin sister. 

I would have to breed her, too. And mom. And my sister.

Erika and I reached the front door. My girlfriend's hand tightened on mine as I opened it and stepped out into the hallway. She hesitated for a moment, but I gave her hand a tug and she followed me out. Both of us naked.

This is so naughty, she said, trembling.

Yeah, but I am the hottest chick in the universe, I purred. Sixteen and gorgeous.

Yeah, you are, Erika purred. My pregnant girlfriend kissed me. Ooh, this is so wild.

I winked at her as I reached the door of the Sheridans. I drew back my hand and knocked hard on the apartment door. I stood there naked and proud, my big boobies thrusting out before me. I put a hand on my hip, looking as sexy as I could

The chain rattled as it slid out of the lock. Then it opened and there stood Mrs. Sullivan. The naughty MILF next door. She was in her mid-twenties, her blonde hair spilling around her face. Her blue eyes sparkled at the sight of me. She gasped in shock at seeing me naked. Her cheeks went rosy.

Oh, my, Kimberly, she gasped, staring at me with this hunger. She bit her lower lip. And you're naked. Oh, my. Uhh... what is going on?

Your dream come true, I told her and thrust my hand into the front of her jeans. She gasped, sucking in her belly as I delved into her fly. 

Kimberly! the married woman gasped, her eyes wide with shock. What are you doing?

I shoved my hand into her panties. I slid through the cloth, feeling her thick bush. I loved the feel of her silky hairs against my hand. Then I cupped her hot flesh. I rubbed at her married cunt with my left hand, wetting the ring with her juices.

I thrust my fingers into her married cunt. She gasped as I fingered her right here in the door. My big boobs jiggled. I thrust my digits in and out of her cunt. She whimpered, throwing a look over her shoulder at the living room.

My husband is home, she moaned as I thrust my fingers in and out of her juicy cunt.

And? I purred. Do you want me to stop?

No whimpered Mrs. Sheridan. She shook her head as her pussy clenched about my fingers. Oh, god, I don't. But... but...

If your husband sees, he's going to get quite the show, I purred. Now pull up your shirt. Erika and I want to see your tits, Mrs. Sheridan.

She shuddered, her cheeks so red. Her hot pussy squeezed about my thrusting digits. This was so wild that I had this control over her. She grabbed the hem of the t-shirt she wore and drew it up over her flat stomach. She raised it higher and higher.

Her red bra came into view. I smiled at it cupping those large tits. She bunched her shirt beneath her armpits, her eyes wild. She glanced over her shoulder as I thrust my digits in and out of her juicy cunt. The married MILF licked her lips.

Now the bra, Mrs. Sheridan, I cooed. We can't see your tits with it in the way. It's covering those big and lush mounds.

Yes, yes, yes, Erika moaned. We want to see them. Her hand grabbed my ass, squeezing me.

This was so hot. Mrs. Sheridan shuddered as she lifted her bra up and over her breasts. They spilled out, her pink nipples hard. I tweaked one with my right hand. My fingers twisted the nub. She gasped, her twat clamping down on my thrusting fingers.

My thumb slid through her bush and found her clit. I massaged her bud. She gasped, her hair dancing. I ducked my head down and suckled her other nipple into my mouth. I nursed on her, loving the feel of her in my mouth.

At the same time, my lover squeezed my rump. Her naughty fingers went lower and lower. She reached down to my shaved cunt. I groaned as she rubbed at my pussy folds. She slid up and down my slit, brushing my clit.

You girls, whimpered Mrs. Sheridan. Oh, you girls are going to get me in trouble.

I suckled on her nipple hard, my thumb rubbing faster circles on her clit. She groaned, her face twisting in delight. As I loved her, Erika's fingers slid up and down my pussy slit. She brushed my clit. Then she strummed it, rubbing back and forth over it.

I suckled hard on Mrs. Sheridan's boob. My fingers thrust over and over into her cunt. Her twat squeezed down on me. She groaned. I massaged her clit, loving what Erika did to my cunt. Her digits were pumping away at me, just giving me such bliss.

My lover leaned in and nibbled on my ear. She rubbed her boobs into my back. Ooh, you are driving her wild. You're so going to make her cum.

She is, whimpered Mrs. Sheridan. Oh, my god, Kimberly.

I nipped her nipple with my teeth. She gasped. Her pussy clamped down hard on my fingers. That made it so much more fun to thrust my digits in and out of her hot and juicy snatch. She gripped me with her passion. Her cream soaked my fingers. I loved this so much. It was a wild rush to do this to her. Just such a thrill.

I suckled. Nibbled. My tongue danced and swirled around her nipple. Then I suckled again. I plunged a third finger into her cunt. She gasped, my thumb circling clit. I pushed harder on her bud, loving the feel of her pearl.

Shit, Mrs. Sheridan groaned. Oh, shit, that's good.

I was so glad to hear that. 

Mmm, make her cum, honey, Erika moaned. Her fingers thrust in and out of my cunt faster. 

She would make me cum with those wonderful digits. I clenched down on them, increasing the silky friction and my own pleasure. It was a rush. I quivered, my big boobs swaying from side to side as I loved every moment of this.

It was a thrill to enjoy this married woman. I suckled hard on her nipples. She whimpered, her pussy gripping my three digits. My fingers plowed into her cunt. She gasped. Her back arched. Her twat went wild.

Oh, Kimberly, moaned the hot wife as her pussy writhed around my digits.

I popped my mouth off her nipple and moaned, That's it, cum, Mrs. Sheridan!

The blonde wife's hair danced around her shoulders as her cunt went wild around my digits. It was so hot to feel that delight. Her twat suckled at my fingers. Her moans echoed through her apartment. Erika thrust her digits hard into my twat, driving me towards my orgasm.

Regina, who's at the door, a man called from the apartment.

Kimberly from next door, I called. Just making your wife cum.

Oh, okay, Sheldon Sheridan said. Then he gasped, Wait, what?

He appeared behind his wife who was quivering on my fingers. I shuddered as Erika thrust her fingers into my pussy deep. The sight of the husband witnessing me molesting his wife sent me over the edge.

I came on my sexy girlfriend's fingers. My twat writhed around her digits. The heat swept through me. My head tossed back and forth. I groaned, my big boobs dancing. Mrs. Sheridan's cunt kept spasming around my digits.

Sheldon, she groaned. I... I... Oh, god, I'm cumming so hard!

Her pussy spasmed around my digits. Her twat suckled on my fingers. I loved it. My own pleasure swept through my body. Erika nibbled on my ear. She licked my lobe as her fingers wiggled about in my snatch.

My orgasm rushed towards its peak as Mrs. Sheridan whimpered. I kissed her before her husband, claiming her lips. She moaned into my kiss, her tongue thrusting into my mouth. She whimpered, her twat's convulsions slowing.

Her orgasm passed while mine peaked in me. I shuddered there, floating on the pinnacle of my pleasure. The rapturous swell was wonderful. I kissed her with passion as I slipped my fingers out of her pussy, my left hand soaked in her juices.

I broke the kiss and purred, Are you going to invite us in, Mrs. Sheridan?

I... she panted, her big boobs rising and falling, her nipples brushing mine. Yes, yes, come in. come in.

She stepped aside, her big boobs bouncing. Her husband stood behind her, a brown-haired guy with glasses perched on his head. He swallowed as he stared at us. I loved the way he looked at us. This was so exciting.

My pussy was on fire as I stepped into the room. I didn't mind the man looking. He wouldn't be a man for much longer. I just wanted to enjoy him watching his wife servicing me before I made the big change. Before I made him into Shelly Sheridan.

What a nice place you have, Mrs. Sheridan, I said, my big tits swaying. Mmm, you like my tits? You're not one of my supporters on OnlyFans.

You have an OnlyFans account? gasped Mr. Sheridan, his dick bugling the front of his pants.

Oh, yes, I purred. Mmm, maybe I should film your wife eating my pussy out and add it on there. Then you can pay to watch it and see her happily munching away at my cunt whenever you want. I licked his wife's tart pussy cream off my fingers.

He groaned as I did that. I shuddered at the flavor of them. Then I made a small wish and suddenly I was holding my iPhone in my right hand. I would make a video of this as I headed to their mauve couch. I sank on it.

Erika settled down on my side and cuddled up against me as I opened my phone and loaded the video of it. I shot it at Mr. Sheridan looking at me with lust then at his wife heading to us, her big boobs still jiggling, her shirt and bra shoved up over them.

You can get naked, Mrs. Sheridan, I purred. And say hi to my fans. Blow them kisses. You're going to be famous.

She waved and said, Hi, Kimberly's fans. She blew them kisses, her boobs jiggling. Then she pulled off her bra and top. I really don't know what to say. I'm her next-door neighbor. That's my husband.

Hi, he said, his cock so hard. He then pulled out my phone and started tapping it. I was about to pick up another fan.

She shoved off her jeans and panties next. I smiled at her blonde bush coming into view. She had a thick one dripping with her juices. It was a delight to stare at. I shuddered, my cunt on fire. I kept filming her stripping naked.

God, I am so wet for you to eat my pussy, Mrs. Sheridan, I moaned. I just know you'll be amazing at it.

Yeah, I will, she said as she stepped out of her clothes. Her husband trembled as he aimed his camera. God, was he recording this, too?

Hot.

She sank to her knees and grabbed my legs. She stroked her hands up my thighs. She licked her lips and said, I haven't eaten pussy since I was your age.

Well, it's like riding a bike, I told her. I know you won't have any problems with it. You'll do just fine, Mrs. Sheridan.

She winked at the camera then leaned towards my naked pussy. Her pale hands slid up my light-olive thighs higher. I shuddered at her touch. Her breath washed over my shaved pussy. I loved being the sexiest woman in the world.

Mrs. Sheridan kissed at my pussy. I groaned, her husband watching with such eagerness. He was hard. That was so exciting. I loved that he was watching his wife tongue my pussy. She slid up my folds to my clit.

I groaned, my hand gripping my phone. I recorded it all. This was just the best. My heart pounded in my chest. I squirmed from side to side. I licked my lips, so ready to just get wild. I squirmed, a big smile on my lips. 

That's it, I groaned. Mmm, and how does my pussy taste?

Spicy, she moaned and licked again. Ooh, Kimberly has such a yummy tasting pussy. It's just amazing that I get to eat her out. I'm so lucky!

I felt how much she loved it. I filmed her with that face rubbing into my shaved twat. I quivered in delight, my heart pounding in my chest. Her husband watched, making his own film. He groped himself through his pants, his face flushed.

His wife's tongue danced through my folds. She licked and lapped at me with such intensity. She knew what she was doing to make me feel amazing. I would have such a huge climax on her. My head tossed from side to side.

I whimpered, loving this so much. It was great. Amazing. I hurtled towards that big burst of rapture. I would have a huge climax. I would just burst with cum on her mouth. It would be amazing. Just wondrous to enjoy.

Oh, my god, I moaned. Mrs. Sheridan, you are so good at eating pussy!

Your pussy tastes so good! she moaned. Ooh, it's just yummy! 

She fluttered her tongue over my clit. The pleasure burst from me and showered through my body. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. It was wondrous. Amazing. I quivered, savoring the pleasure building and building in me.

My face contorted with bliss. This wondrous heat swept through me. I shuddered, my face twisting with this rapture. This was incredible. I squeezed my thighs about her face as she nursed on my clit. she suckled on my bud.

She is going to make me cum, I moaned.

Yes, yes, make my girlfriend cum, Erika moaned.

Do it, honey, the cuckold said. Make that hottie just explode. Yes!

I shuddered, that mouth sucking so hard on my clit. Then her fingers thrust into my pussy. I groaned at those naughty digits filling me up. This was a wonderful delight. I squeezed my snatch down on them.

And came with such delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my head tossing from side to side as my pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out and bathed her face as the pleasure hurtled through my body and washed over my mind. Oh, that's incredible. That's just amazing. I love it!

She drank my pussy cream. She licked and lapped at me with such hunger while her husband watched on with such lust. I bucked, my tits jiggling. I fought to hold my phone aimed down at Mrs. Sheridan licking and lapping at my cunt.

The waves of delight washed through me as I drowned her in my cunt cream. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight. This was such a thrill. I loved it. I savored this pleasure. I was just enjoying every moment of this. 

I was so glad I could do this. I was so thrilled to cum on her face. 

Oh, fuck, Mrs. Sheridan, I moaned. Mmm, what do you love more: eating my cunt or sucking your husband's cock?

Eating your pussy, she moaned, staring at my phone, her face smeared in my pussy cream.

And who would you rather fuck that cunt? My strap-on or your husband's dick?

Your strap-on, Kimberly, she moaned. Make me your lezzie slut tonight. This is so hot.

Yes, groaned her husband. Fuck my wife. Let her feel your passion, Kimberly. You're amazing! My wife is so lucky to get to enjoy your passion.

You better believe she is, I said. I thrust the phone at Erika. Keep filming while she eats you out and I fuck her with my strap-on. Cuckold, it's behind you. Grab it for me.

My ring tingled and suddenly my strap-on was right there. He turned and grabbed it as his wife adjusted to the right, so ready to press her face into my girlfriend's cunt. I smiled and stood, my big boobs jiggling. 

The cuckold grabbed my strap-on for me. I arched an eyebrow. He knelt and held it for me. That's a good simp.

He beamed up at me.

He worked the strap-on up my thighs while his wife wiggled her rump and licked at my girlfriend's pregnant pussy. I loved the sight of Erika's red-brown titties jiggling as she quivered in delight. The harness worked higher and higher until I was ready to fuck that hot wife's cunt.

He stepped out of the way, panting. It was so pathetic how eager he was for me to fuck his wife's twat. My pussy dripped juices as I moved behind Mrs. Sheridan. Erika grinned at me, holding my phone and filming me getting into position.

I hope you all enjoy this, my lovely fans, I groaned. Now just enjoy the show.

I winked at the camera and pressed my dildo into Mrs. Sheridan's blonde bush. The tip vanished into her bush and rubbed into her cunt. I shuddered as I felt the pressure on my clit. I stared into the camera and thrust.

Mrs. Sheridan moaned into my girlfriend's twat as I rammed the big dildo into her cunt. My clit tingled with bliss. My crotch smacked into her rump. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact. It was so hot to watch. 

My big boobs jiggled as I drew them back. I slammed back into her cunt. I fucked her hard, my boobs bouncing and heaving with the force of my thrusts. I loved how my boobs jiggled. It felt incredible to plow into her like this.

Yes, yes, yes, take my dildo, I moaned. Ooh, take it. You know you love that delight.

I do! she moaned. It's so much thicker than my husband's dick. So much longer. I love it. Fuck me so hard, Kimberly! Please, please, drive me wild!

You got it, I moaned, gripping her hips. I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked her with all my might. I reveled in the dildo massaging my clit as I fucked the married woman.

My boobs bounced and heaved. Erika filmed with a wicked smile on her lips. Her large tits jiggled as he savored getting eaten by Mrs. Sheridan. She devoured my girlfriend's hot cunt, licking and lapping at Erika. Making her quiver.

This was so hot. I thrust with such force. I hammered into that hot wife's juicy cunt with my dildo. I plowed into her, my orgasm rising and rising. I hurtled towards that burst of pleasure. It would be an incredible one with her husband watching.

Oh, you are going to make me cum, Mrs. Sheridan, moaned Erika. That pussy eating! You're so good at it. Divine!

You taste so yummy, Erika, moaned Mrs. Sheridan. The blonde rubbed her head back and forth as I drilled into her cunt. Ooh, yes, yes, just so good.

I was so thrilled to hear that. I pumped away at the MILF's cunt while smiling for the camera. For my fans. I wanted them all to watch this video and get off on it. My pussy clenched, my clit throbbing with every thrust.

I hurtled towards my orgasm as I fucked Mrs. Sheridan so hard. I rammed that dildo into her cunt. I stirred her up with the fake dick. She moaned her delight into Erika's cunt. That was such a hot thing to hear. It was making me drip.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my twat burning. I want you to cum, Mrs. Sheridan. You, too, Erika!

I'm getting there, Erika moaned. Then she gasped, her face contorting and big, swarthy boobies bouncing. You naughty slut, Mrs. Sheridan. Yes, yes, suckle on my clit. Fuck!

My girlfriend bucked as she came. Her head tossed from side to side as the pleasure must be rushing through her. Mrs. Sheridan moaned, licking up that wonderful flood. I shuddered, drilling into Mrs. Sheridan's cunt hard with my dildo.

Oh, yes, yes, the hot wife moaned. Kimberly! I... I... Yes!

She gasped as I slammed into her. I knew the dildo had driven her wild. I shuddered, thrusting away at her. My own orgasm brimmed inside of me. I buried the toy to the hilt in her, my clit bursting against the base.

I threw back my head and howled, So good!

I came, my pussy writhing. 

Waves of delight rushed through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, savoring that delight spilling through my mind. It was an amazing sensation. I groaned, my twat gushing hot cream that poured down my thighs.

I tossed my head, my big boobs jiggling as I surged through my pleasure. I groaned, staring at the camera on my phone, at my fans that would watch this one day. I gripped the MILF's hips, feeling the ring on my left hand.

Oh, my god, I moaned, my tits swaying. Oh, Mrs. Sheridan, you are such a fucking MILF. And Sheldon, did you like the show?

I did, he moaned.

I bet you want to join the fun? I asked, my breast swaying. 

I do! I really, really do, he groaned, his voice so throaty and so male.

I glanced at the slender, brown-haired man. He had glasses and held his phone in his hands. Good thing you are a hot woman named Shelly with big boobs and a yummy pussy!

My ring blackened as reality blinked. No longer was a man name Sheldon standing there. Shelly Sheridan stood there in a pair of slacks and a tight blouse that hugged her large tits. Her born hair spilled down to her shoulders, her lips as plump as mine. She had her hand rubbing at her crotch, at her pussy, as I fucked her wife.

Mmm, you'll have to wait and see her joining the fun, boys and girls, I purred and blew a kiss at the camera. Bye for now. 

I took the phone from my girlfriend and turned off the video. I ripped my dildo out of Mrs. Sheridan's cunt and sat down on the couch. I had to see. I started the video again. The one that had captured a Sheldon Sheridan.

Only on the video, Sheldon was Shelly the whole time. Her voice sounded feminine. There was no indication that she had ever been a man. I quivered in delight, my ring corroded and tarnished. But that was an easy fix.

I love my powers, I whispered as I uploaded the video to OnlyFans. I added some hashtags and comments then posted it.

Let's see you naked, Shelly, I purred. You don't mind if I call you Shelly, right?

Not at all, the new woman moaned. Shelly is just fine!

She set her phone down then pulled off her blouse. She threw it down, her brown hair spilling around her face. She adjusted her glasses then reached behind her and undid her bra. I groaned as her bib boobs spilled out.

Being a woman so improved her. And when I used her pussy to refresh my ring, I would make my true wish. For Erika, and other select women, to have pregnancies that lasted about ten days and children that grew in up around a week. 

I wanted to make love to my daughter when she was old enough. Fourteen. After that, she would age normally. It would be so exciting. My cunt was on fire. It dripped juices that ran down my thighs as the busty Shelly undid her jeans.

Making men into women was so hot. I loved it.

She peeled off her jeans, her panties soaked with her excitement. I smiled at that and purred, Mmm, did the naughty cuckqueen get turned on watching me pound your wife?

God, yes, she moaned, this big smile on her lips. It was so exciting.

She shoved off her panties next. She had a thick bush that dripped with her juices. I smiled at the sight. That was one delicious snatch. It made my cunt so wet. This was such a rush to be here doing these naughty acts.

She stepped out of her panties and stared at me wearing my strap-on. My dildo thrust out of me as I licked my lips. Then I shoved my left hand between her thighs. I cupped her furred muff and pressed my fingers through her curls to rub at her cuntlips.

I loved the sensation of my ring drinking up all her juices. That was such a wild sensation. I quivered in delight, a big smile spreading on my lips. In moments, I was ready to make my wish. I quivered as I pictured it.

I imagined a world where Erika and any woman that wanted whom I had bred to have accelerated pregnancies and the child to have accelerated physical and mental growth, gaining all the knowledge they needed until they reached fourteen. My ring blackened once more. I could feel it almost crumbling. 

I had pushed its limits.

That was good to know. 

I fell on the couch beside my girlfriend and wiggled my cock at Shelly. I wanted that gender-swapped woman to ride my dildo. For me, she was a new woman. For her, she had been born that way. That was so wild the power I had.

I could remake the world if I had the right amount of power. If I could figure out how to make my ring do even more at once. 

Shelly came to me, seeing me wiggling my dildo. She straddled me, her big breasts swaying before my face. She stared down at me through her glasses and smiled at me. She was nervous but eager to ride my dildo.

I loved this so much.

She lowered herself to my dildo. She held me tight as she pressed her pussy against it. I groaned as the base massaged my clit. Pleasure shot through me and made me shiver. I groaned, my twat clenching. I arched my back and trembled in delight.

I grabbed her ass. I squeezed her rump as she smiled at me. She shuddered as she said, My wife never uses a dildo that big on me.

No, no, we've always had smaller ones, purred Mrs. Sheridan. She smiled at me as she watched from over her wife. But you have that big one that just feels amazing. Right, honey?

Yes, yes, yes, groaned Shelly. She squirmed on me, massaging my clit with that big bud. The pleasure shot through me.

Then she slid up me. Her boob jiggled before me. Then she slammed down me again. Pleasure burst through me. It showered my cunt. I loved the way that she wiggled her hips, massaging my bud. It was a wild delight.

She groaned as she rode me, her big boobs bouncing and jiggling. They heaved before me. I loved them. I savored the way they smacked together. They rippled with her movement as she rode the dildo. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that.

Oh, yes, yes, you are going wild, aren't you? I purred, savoring her working up and down my dildo. Your big boobs are just bouncing and heaving. You love it.

Yes, yes, yes, Kimberly, she moaned, her breasts bouncing and heaving. Oh, my god, that's so good. That's just wonderful.

You have no idea, I moaned, my clit bursting with sparks on her downstrokes. You have a firecracker for a wife, Mrs. Sheridan.

I never knew, the original Mrs. Sheridan moaned. She squeezed her breasts. Wow, Shelly, you are just alive. This is a side of you I've never seen.

Right, moaned Shelly. Oh, wow, this is just wonderful, Kimberly!

I winked at her, loving her working that pussy up and down my dildo. My clit burst with sparks. This was just such a wild delight. I loved that so much. My pussy drank in the heat. I groaned, my hands gripping her ass.

I slid my fingers into her butt-crack as she rode me. I had to finger her asshole. That would make this even wilder for her. For me. I slid down her crack, her butt-cheeks squeezing about my digits, until I found her backdoor.

Does your wife ever finger your asshole, Shelly? I purred.

No, she moaned. She never does.

Mmm, that's hot. I stroked over her anal ring. You're going to love this.

I thrust my finger against her anal ring. Her flesh parted for me. Then I popped into her bowels. She gasped as I did that. Her back arched. She whimpered as I sank my digit into her velvety depths. Her asshole gripped me.

I loved how she rode me as I fingered her asshole. I pumped my digits in and out of her bowels. It was an incredible delight to feel it massaging my clit. My bud burst with sparks. They showered through me.

I groaned, my orgasm building and building as she worked her pussy up and down that dildo. She rode me faster and faster. She had such a big grin on her lips. She was moaning and groaning. I loved that. It was so hot to feel her riding the dildo. A rush that would make me just explode. I was so looking forward to it.

Oh, my god, Kimberly, she moaned, her glasses slipping on her nose. Her asshole clenched down on my fingers. Ooh, that's so good. You're amazing. You're just so awesome!

I winked at her as she rode up and down my dildo. I groaned, loving the sparks that flared through me. My back arched as my own big breasts jiggled. I jammed my fingers into her asshole, pumping them in and out of her faster and faster.

Are you going to cum like a naughty whore on my dildo? I moaned, stirring up her backdoor with my finger.

You better believe I am, she moaned. I am just going to explode on you. Ooh, I love this so much. I love the way your finger pumps away at me. It's an incredible delight.

Yes, yes, cum on her dildo, honey, Mrs. Sheridan moaned.

 Mmm, that's what my Kimberly wants, moaned Erika. She snuggled up to me and rested her head on my shoulder.

I'm going to, whimpered Shelly. 

The gender-swapped woman worked her pussy up and down that dildo so fast. The base rubbed at my clit. It was this amazing delight that would have me bursting with rapture. I would cum so hard. I whimpered, my pussy clenching as the heat swelled in me.

I jammed my fingers deep into her asshole. She tossed her head, her face contorting with the bliss she received from me and the dildo. I wiggled my fingers about in her bowels. I shuddered, on the verge of exploding as she rose up the dildo.

She slammed down it. The dildo massaged my bud.

I exploded.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed in delight as I came. 

The pleasure rippled through my body, my cunt writhed and spasmed. The pleasure shot through me. I groaned and gasped, savoring the delight sweeping through my body. It was an amazing rush. I groaned, my big boobs bouncing.

And Shelly kept riding the dildo. She worked her cunt up and down the shaft. It was an incredible delight. Every time she came down, another big burst of rapture exploded in my cunt and sent ecstasy gushing through my body.

Oh, my god, Kimberly! Shelly moaned on her next plunge down the dildo. I love this! Yes!

She bucked on the dildo, massaging the base into my clit. Pleasure burst from the bud and showered my convulsing cunt with delight. I groaned, my big boobs bounded and heaved through the rapture.

This is amazing, gasped the gender-swapped woman. Her breasts jiggled as she shuddered. This is amazing. I love this dildo!

I groaned, my orgasm hitting that wild peak. I held Erika as Shelly quivered through her orgasm. She hit her naughty peak. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side. She was such a naughty thing. Just a wicked delight.

Oh, god, that was amazing, I moaned, my breasts rising and falling. I had so much sex. Just such a wild time. And tomorrow, things would be wild. I would be going to school for the first time as the hottest girl in the world.

Sascha would eat her fucking heart out. Not literally. Oh, no, she would become my bitch. I couldn't wait. I loved these powers that I had. I smiled as Shelly quivered on the dildo. She had such a big smile on her face. She had cum hard.

She liked being a woman.

I had such power with my ring. I loved this so much. This was going to be such a great life. I smiled, Erika cuddled up against me. My mother and sisters were my lovers. I had the largest OnlyFans. My life would be amazing.

And soon I would have my own daughter to raise to please me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Oh, no! someone shouted as the bed moved.

I heard footsteps racing across the room then my bedroom door crashed open. I frowned and woke up staring at my left hand. There was a tarnished ring on it. Black with corrosion. I blinked then smiled as I remembered yesterday.

I sat up and realized that was Erika who had bolted out of my bed. After the Sheridans, I was tuckered out. We had fallen asleep in each other's arms. I shuddered. I had plans to refresh the gold ring. Plans that would have me ruling my high school.

I rolled out of bed and hurried after my lover.

I found her in the bathroom. She was throwing up. I opened the door and held her hair for her. She groaned when she finished. I got her a glass of water. She gulped it down then smiled at me. She looked so joyful.

So, you're definitely preggers, I said, putting my hand on her belly.

I am!

I kissed my girlfriend, eager to feel the new life in her. She wouldn't be pregnant for long. Just enough for us to play with it and not to let it be an inconvenience. Then my daughter would grow up so fast.

My life would be amazing.

It made me so wet just thinking about it.

Today would be amazing. It was time to show Sascha her place in the world. My pussy clenched in anticipation.

To be continued...
