INTO DARKNESS

BY ROMAN

It's a beautiful early morning. The sun is just coming up over
the horizon and is glowing bright red. I stare out the window of
the plane as it streaks across the Nebraska sky. Suddenly I feel
it start to descend and slow. We are going to land. The pilot
comes on and says its going to be a warm sunny day. Not a cloud
in the sky. I hear a distant voice telling me to take one long
last look as it will be a long time before I see the sun again.

I don't wonder why. I am chained to the voice. We are going to a
juvenile facility tucked away in the Nebraska farmlands. It is
supposed to be escape proof. The last place I was locked up was
so escape proof I got out in less than twenty four hours. I
wonder how long I will be here before I get out again.

We've landed. I get up and the matron with me pulls me back down
into my seat. "Might as well wait here till payin folk get off.
You ain't in no hurry no how."

"Yes Ma'am." I sat back down and watched as the rest of the
passengers de planed. Then after they were off, I and the matron
got up and we walked out the door. I thanked the crew for the
quiet flight and they replied in kind. Then we were down the jet
way into the terminal. Since we had no baggage we walked briskly
through the terminal and out into the daylight. A black car was
waiting for us. I got in and Matron unlocked the chain and gave
it to someone else.

That person got behind the wheel and we were off. Off to a place
that I soon spotted in the distance. It was cold grey building
with nothing to identify it as a "facility." It was windowless.
No bars, no wire, no yard, just there in the middle of this
cornfield. We drove up the long drive to what appeared to be a
garage. A door was raised and we were inside.

"Bitch get out of the car!" came a command from nowhere that I
could see. I got out of the car and stood beside it waiting to be
released. Instead a door opened and I walked through it. It
closed with a loud clunk. Then another door opened and I walked
through it still cuffed.

When I got through the second door, a woman came to me. She took
off my cuffs and then she said in a demanding voice, "Strip." I
looked at her. Again she said, "Strip."

"I beg your pardon," I replied. But she did not respond. She got
out a rod and pointed at me.

"You have thirty seconds to get those clothes off, starting now.
One, two," she slowly counted to thirty.

I stood for a few more seconds and then decided I did not want to
find out about the rod so I took off my clothes. Then I was put
up against a wall and my cavities were searched.

Then another door opened and I walked or rather I was shoved
through it. I got a two minute shower. The water was turned on
and off for me. Next I was given three bras, three panties, and
three jump suits. After that I was allowed to go to the dining
room.

There I was given a tray and told to eat. I was going to ask to
get dressed first, but thought better of it. I ate and then was
taken to my cell block. One set of iron bars opened and then I
walked in. Then another set opened and I walked through it. When
it closed, I was in my block. I walked down the hall and found an
open door. I walked in and it closed. I took a look at my
surroundings. The usual cold steel toilet and sink, a mattress on
a bunk made of cement. A desk built of cement in the wall and
mirror of sorts above the sink. Not one made of glass but one of
those non functional mirrors you occasionally see in restrooms
made of steel and polished aluminum. I sat down on the bunk and
began to sob.

I remembered what had gotten me here. I joined a neighborhood
gang when I was ten. I was a tough girl. I could take what ever
the members dished out. I was good in bed. I was capable of
taking on three boys at one time and giving them all a good ride.
I could carry guns places that the cops would not dare to look. I
was a good moll and I acted my role.

Then came my downfall. I was not good at stealing. I tried
shoplifting and got caught. I tried robbery and got caught. I
tried several other crimes and always got caught. By the time I
was fourteen I had been in and out of so many juvee facilities
that I no longer cared or counted where I had been or how many
times I had been there. But the last time I got caught I was
involved in a shooting. I didn't pull the trigger but I got
caught with the murder weapon up my cunt. I was sentenced to four
years in jail. I was taken to the jail but it didn't take me two
days to escape. That escape was my mistake. I returned to my
neighborhood and my mom turned me in.

Now here I am in this god forsaken hole in the middle of Nebraska
with no one and nowhere to go. I get dressed and put the rest of
my clothes in my locker. Then I stand up and walk to the cell
door waiting to be let out. Its five am.

The doors open and I walk out into a corridor. I stand across
from my cell and wait. I know the drill. The guards do a head
count, check the cells and then you walk back in and wait for
breakfast to come. Only it doesn't go that way. The cells are
locked and we turn and face a door at the end of the corridor. No
one speaks, but we begin to shuffle through it one after another.
I follow and the two behind me do the same.

Then it's the dinning room. We walk to empty tables and sit down.
Each table goes up to the counter one at a time and is served.
Back to eat, take the tray to the return line and back to the
table until its time to get up to leave. We spend about thirty
minutes in the mess hall. While we are sitting waiting for all to
finish, I wonder why this place is so silent. There is no
talking, no one yelling or screaming, and there is no one even
whispering to her neighbor.

We get up and walk out of the dining room and down the corridor
to our work areas. I am new so I do not expect to be getting a
job today. I start to slow and the girl behind me pushes me
forward. In a few minutes I am standing in front of a woman who
hands me a mop. You will mop corridor A today. The girl behind me
is also assigned to mop the same area. We take our mops and our
buckets and walk to corridor A.

I start in mopping the hall way working from left to right. First
the water, then the mop then ring out the mop and soak up the
water. I am swinging away when I accidentally ran the mop against
a guard's shoe. He grabbed the mop from me and turned it upside
down. Then he put the mop in my face.

"Bitch do your job and don't try to clean my shoes." He said as
he rubbed the thing all over my face. I sputtered and spit dirty
water. I tried to spit on him. He saw it coming side stepped and
then he grabbed me by my wrist, pulled my arm up behind my back
and growled something to the effect that if I tried that again I
would be in the block for assault and there would be more time
added to my sentence. I turned to him apologized and went back to
work.

A little while later, I was called out and asked to report to a
counselor's office. I was escorted by another guard down corridor
A and into another part of the prison. I knocked on the door in
front of me and a voice said come in.

He introduced himself as a counselor and asked me to sit down. I
did and he then got out my file and we spoke about my school
record. I told him I was truant a lot and he agreed with me. He
also informed me that if I did not improve here it would be tough
on me. Then he came in front of his desk sat down on the edge of
it and said, "Blow me."

I looked at him in disbelief. Again he commanded "Blow me."

I just stared at him. Then he turned, went to his intercom and
spoke in a very low tone, "Uncooperative."

In seconds, there were two guards in his office flanking me. One
got one arm the other got the other arm. Together they lifted me
off my chair and pulled until it felt as though I was being split
in two. I screamed.

"Scream again and you're a dead girl." said one of the guards as
he pulled harder on my arm.

"Blow me." said the counselor again and these two go away. I
nodded and they let me go. I fell down to the floor trying to
pull my shoulders back into place.

"Your first lesson. Never hesitate to respond to a command. If
you do, we come down on you hard. Since you are agreeing to use
that pretty mouth of yours I won't send you down stairs. Let me
tell you don't get sent downstairs. Now do as we say and do your
time and you'll be fine. You are not a number here, you have a
name, Amy isn't it?"

I nodded.

"All right Amy. Strip! I now knew better than to argue. I
unzipped and my jump suit fell away. I dropped my panties and
unfastened my bra. Then I went over and sat on the floor placing
my mouth right in front of his dick. I grabbed it and began to
suck. I worked that thing till it got hard. Then I got one hell
of a surprise. The man forced my face right into his crotch. I
gagged. He did it more. I gagged and vomited all of breakfast. He
only let up enough so I would not choke and then he rammed his
hardness down my throat again. I gagged again and my fluids
washed down my chest covering my tits and down to my cunt. He
only laughed. Then he came. His thick white hot cum filled my
mouth. He told me to swallow it all. Somehow I managed to and he
then let me up and told me to dress.

"From now on you will suck my cock or a guard's cock daily. You
will do it without being told and will do it willingly. Failure;
and, well, downstairs." I nodded turned and left. I had an escort
back to my corridor. I had to finish mopping and my arms hurt
like hell. I was sure if I complained about it, it would only
make my term here worse. So I kept my mouth shut and went ahead
and finished mopping.

A bell rang. A whistle blew and we were lined up. I gathered we
were going to school. We were marched in a single file to a
classroom not to far from the counselor's office. We took our
seats and waited. In a few minutes a teacher showed up with a
guard. She told the guard to wait outside.

School lasted the rest of the morning. Again a whistle and a
bell. We got up, lined up, marched out the door down the hall to
the mess hall or dining room. We sat down at our table, got up
table by table to get our food. Finished lunch and back to the
school. At three thirty we were marched back to our own corridors
and to our own cells. At no time was there any talking.

This routine went on for a few days. Get up, work, counselor,
blow job, school, lunch, school and then back to our corridors.

I think I had been doing this for a week though I was not sure.
One morning a guard came in to my cell. "Strip." I looked at him
in disbelief but something told me to do as I was told. I
stripped and stood right in front of him. He turned me around and
told me to bend over. I turned around with my ass facing him and
bent over. Then he told me to spread my cheeks. I said, "What do
you mean?"

He grabbed my ass and pinched my cheeks hard. "Now grab those
cheeks and spread them." He instructed me.

I caught on and pulled my ass cheeks apart. He shoved his fingers
in me as hard as he could.

"If you scream bitch you will not be liking the result." I stayed
still. I spread my cheeks as far as I could for him while he
fingered my ass and cunt.

"Nice. Bet you like being fucked don't you?" Then he took out his
long thick prick and rammed it up my ass. In a few moments he
shot his load.

"Now drop your hands to your sides, squat and shit out my cum!"
He commanded. I squatted and tried to pump out his white hot
load. Not only did that come out but so did a load of turds. I
tried to stand up but he grabbed my neck and forced my face down
in front of the horrid pile.

"Lick it all up! Do it! Lick it all up now." I gagged, I vomited.
I tried to get out of doing what he wanted but in the end, I
licked up the shit, cum and vomit. Then he let me up and told me
to dress.

He then took me out of my little cell and down the corridor to
the iron door. It opened and we were allowed through to another
corridor. A short walk and I was in a big room with lots of other
girls. They were all about my age and they were all chatting with
each other. The chatting stopped as soon as I entered.

One of the girls, to me she appeared to be a leader, came over.
"Bitch," she said, "You're mine. You are fresh meat, nothing
else. You ain't shit, you are not even worthy to eat my pussy."

I looked her up and down. I knew that to survive I would have to
whip her. It would not be easy. She probably had twenty pounds on
me. Still I knew I would have to beat the tar out of her if I was
going to be left alone. As she turned to walk away from me, I
grabbed her shoulder, spun her around and hit her with a hard
right. I followed that up with a good solid punch in her stomach
and then kneed her as she went down gasping for breath.

She went to the floor. She doubled up and while she was down a
few of the other girls went over and let her have it with their
fists and feet. I gathered she had done things to them they did
not like.

When she got up on her feet, she was so angry that she came after
me with her fists and tears in her eyes. I knew then I had her. I
side stepped her headlong rush and as she flew by me I let her
have it with both fists again. She went down. I was going to get
her again but the door came open and in rushed two guards. They
grabbed me, spun me around, and while one held my arms, the other
smashed her fist into my face. Blood went everywhere. I tried to
fall down as things began to go black. The guard held me up and
the one in front of me, hit me again. This time I did collapse.
When I came to, I was in a little room. No windows, no air, no
nothing.

I got up walked around my space. I guess the room was about eight
feet by about six feet. I found a small cot in the middle of it
with some straps on it. I tried to figure out where I was. It
took a moment to figure out I was also nude. In a few more
minutes a woman came in.

"Like to fight do you? Well I have a way of dealing with girls
like you. Get on the cot face down."

"Why?"

The next thing I remember I was face down on the cot, stretched
out and tied up. Feet tied one to each side, arms stretched and
hands tied one to each side. In my middle was a strap that went
around the cot and me holding me down to the cot. I looked up.

The woman had a buggy whip in her hand. She swung it several
times through the air it made an awesome whirring noise. Then
crack it cut into my ass. I screamed in pain.

"OOOOH." It landed again. "OOOWWW!" After several more I finally
passed out. When I came to, I was untied and ordered to stand up.
I felt for my sore and cut up butt.

"Had enough!" I looked and saw my tormentor laughing at me. She
was still holding her whip. "You ready to give up?" she queried.
I just nodded then I did something I was sure I was going to
regret. I went to her and landed a hard right on her nose. The
blow knocked her down and when she tried to get up, I hit her
again. Each time she tried to get up I hit her. Then when she was
out of it, I stripped her. When she finally came to, she realized
she too was nude.

"Put your face right here Bitch!" I commanded and forced her
right into my pussy. "Now eat me! Make me cum!" I must have made
my point cause she ate me out till I screamed in pleasure.
"You're so good. I'm cumming! Cumming! Cumming hard!" I shook and
shook as she continued to pleasure me.

I knew I had her when she said, "Mistress please may I lick your
ass?" I bent over and spread my cheeks. Her tongue was wet and
hot as she licked my nether hole and fingered me to another
roaring orgasm. I spun around after I came to my senses, grabbed
her by the throat and told her that if she ever told anyone about
what happened she was dead.

I let her up, helped her dress, and we got back to my punishment.

She left and I remained on the cot face down trying to collect my
thoughts. I do not know how long I was in the room. I was let out
by my now Mistress, guard and escorted back up the room I came
from. I walked in the door and sat down. Apparently I must have
gained some sort of reputation because the girl who tried to
fight with me on my first day came over to me and said no one had
ever been able to take on a guard and Imake her, her own before.

I smiled. I thanked the girl.

She began, "We have to have a heart to heart conversation."

I interrupted. "From now on I am the boss here. If I catch you
tormenting any girl without my permission, you are dead
understood!" She nodded. I continued. "You will do exactly as I
say. You will not demand anything from anyone and anything you
want has to come through me." Again she nodded. Then I told her
to go to her cell, strip and fuck herself with her favorite toy.
I watched as she stripped and got on her bed. She got a toy and
began to ram it in and out of her wet pussy.

I turned to one of the younger girls. "Would you like to do
something to her?" She nodded, went into the cell, got a paddle
and while, "What's your name?" "Beth" said the girl as she swung
the paddle and connected with the pussy in front of her. The girl
in bed screamed in agony. "I feel better now." said Beth. "I gave
her what she gave me the other night."

I took the paddle from Beth and turned to the girl. "You like to
hit girls?" She nodded. "Big mistake." I turned her over, shoved
the dildo in deep and while she was trying to withdraw it, I
brought the paddle down on her ass as hard as I could. The girl
screamed and begged me to stop. "I got your message." "Are you
sure?" "Yes and by the way my name is Lisa."

"Like I care! Your name to me is cunt, pussy, bitch or anything
else I want to call you." She nodded and held her ass. I made her
take her hands away. It was red, welted and split in places. The
paddle had done its work well.

"Bitch get up, dress and keep your mouth shut." I commanded. Lisa
got up, dressed very gingerly and came out into the room. All the
other girls smirked and snickered at her. Her authority was gone,
her fight was gone and she was finally humble and mumbled that
she was sorry she tried to fight with me.

We all gathered around Lisa. She was crying and mumbling that she
really wasn't tough she just wanted to survive this place. She
had come here because she escaped from the other facility more
than three times and they deemed her incorrigible. This place was
to teach her how to behave. What it was teaching all of us was
the strong survive.

Time goes by very slowly in this sort of place. I glanced at the
clock on the wall and was surprised it was only eight pm. Lights
were not going to be out for another hour maybe an hour and a
half. There is a television behind a Plexiglas covered niche. We
turned it on and watched the program that was on.

There was no way to change the channel that button had long ago
been broken. We watched someone complain about the local price of
corn and then we turned it off. There was a pool table in the
room, no balls, or cue sticks. Lisa informed all of us the guards
took them after someone threw a ball and hit one of the women in
the chest with it.

We found some cards and soon we were able to play a reasonable
game of poker. This became interesting very quickly. Since none
of us had any money and there was no way to get any, sex was the
commodity that was up for grabs.

I being, the only one who anything about playing cards carefully
taught the others. We played for small things first. All of us
had panties and these became our chips.

We didn't actually put them on the table we simply used them as
the basis of the bet. It went like this: One pair got you
fingered, two fucked, and three anything went including anal.

I told all of them the way of the cheats, the way to bet and the
ways to win by bluffing. One little girl who none of us really
paid much attention to was one of the first to sit down at the
table.

She dealt the first hand and suggested five card stud. We anted
up and started the game. In seconds she was betting her ass
against mine and my mouth. I was intrigued. "You like girls?"

"Oh yes. I am going to win this game tonight and you are going to
spend the night in my bed making me cum."

"Is that so."

"Yep. I raise you three."

Now I was really curious.

"You really want me to bed you down tonight?" I asked with some
surprise in my voice.

"Yep. You're in my cell and have the upper bunk." she said,
pointing to the cell directly behind me. Now I was sure that
since my stuff was there, she was my roomie. I just played my
hand and lost for the first of several hands. At ten o'clock came
the call for lights out.

I went in to the cell and the little girl who won my affection
for the night followed me in.

"Wait a moment, please. I want to feel each part of you as you
get undressed."

I nodded and began to take off the jumpsuit. She came over put
her hands on my shoulders and slipped the sleeves down my arms.
Then she kissed me, and let the suit fall to the floor exposing
my panties and legs to her. She dropped one hand to my thigh and
slipped her fingers in my panties pushing them down and off me. I
stepped out of the clothes and her hands immediately found their
way to my now wet twat.

"UMMMM!" I moaned ever so quietly. She pulled me to her, reached
behind my back and unfastened my bra. Then she played with my
tits and pinched my nipples slightly. While she was playing with
my titties, I unzipped her suit, slipped it off, dropped her
panties and then took off her bra. We kissed, a deep passionate
kiss with tongues finding their way into each others' mouth. When
we came up for air, I asked if we could get into bed. She pulled
me into hers and after some more touchy feely, I went down on
her.

Just as I started to eat her out, along came a guard and ordered
us to separate and for me to get into my bunk. I thought I could
get his cooperation by offering him a blow but he refused.

"Get up in your bunk at once or go to the hole!"

I replied, "Yes sir!" and scrambled up to my bunk.

"I come around in a half hour. If I find you out of that bunk and
doing anything to that girl you are going to the hole for the
next week. And this time you won't be able to do anything do you
understand?"

I nodded. I was certain my guard had not said anything about my
beating her ass but I was just as certain that the word had
gotten out. I got into my bunk and whispered to my roomie,
"What's your name?

"Karen," came her reply. "I am the youngest one here."

"What did you do to get here?"

"I was being fucked against my will by my big sister's boyfriend
and I knifed him." "You off him?"

"You bet. Unfortunately my sister did not tell the truth and the
jury convicted me of murder. So here I am."

"Is that all there is?"

"No, there were a few escapes, a guard who was very angry and
several hearings."

"So you got a rep?"

"Yep."

"I do too."

"Yeah we heard all about how you got that guard to lick you and
call you mistress. Now you really have to watch your back.
Everyone here guards, and cons all expect to try to break you.
Difference is cons have their own way of doing things. And watch
out for Lisa she's the one you finished today. She and her gang
are going to be gunnin for you."

"Thanks. Karen if you ever need anything you just come look me
up. From now on no one will mess with either of us."

Karen was going to get in bed with me but a guard walked by and
shone his light in and right at my head. He said something about
paying me back so I just laid there and did nothing. Next thing I
know the wake up call is blaring away.

I got up and out of bed and shook Karen awake. She too got up and
we got our towels and went to our cell door. A few minutes later
it opened and we went to the shower room. There were all the
others from our block there and Lisa comes right up to me.

"You wait. Its not your turn till I say it is."

When she finished her veiled threat, I side stepped her and then
swung my fist as hard as I could into her nose. She went down and
on her way her chin caught my knee.

"It's my turn now."

No one moved. I sensed I was in for another pummeling but no one
did anything. They just all stood around and watched me shower.
When I got out, dried and got ready to leave Lisa was just
getting up off the floor.

She started to swing again but thought better of it. Instead she
sniffed and mumbled something about watching my back. Several
others decided now was the time to shift alliances and all said
we got you covered.

The door was opened and we walked back to the block and went to
our cells and dressed. Then it was breakfast.

A slow march to the dining room, (mess hall) a tray of food and a
place to sit down. Lisa sat down next to me and took my toast. I
simply watched her do it, looked around and decided now was not
the time to fight. She took my eggs then. Unfortunately for her,
the guard who I had tangled with earlier saw her and came over.

"She bothering you, Mistress?" Now the cat was out of the bag so
to speak. This guard was protecting me. Lisa looked up at her and
told her to mind her own business. The guard called one of the
others over and said Lisa was bad mouthing her. The two of them
lifted Lisa up, bent her over and proceeded to give her ass a
good going over with their batons. When she began to scream and
protest they pulled her up, took her out of the room and I
presumed she was on her way to solitary.

We finished eating. As we got up to leave in single file several
girls surrounded me. This can't be good I thought. One of them a
bulky girl maybe fifteen tried to be tougher than the others. She
got in my face and pulled out a shiv. I knew immediately she was
going to try to knife me so I just leaned back against the wall
and told her to bring it on. She lunged I ducked, she hit the
wall and the shiv went flying. Then I simply drew back and let
her have my right and then a left and a knee to her gut. She went
down. On her way to the ground my other knee caught her crotch
and she screamed bloody murder.

A guard came running, saw the knife, grabbed it and then got
another guard and they took this girl away too. The rest of the
girls got silent and fell into line.

"You did good." Karen whispered to me, as we sauntered down the
hall toward the cell block.

******

It was apparently late December. Christmas trees came out of
nowhere and were visible through the glass in the guard rooms as
well as the counselor's rooms. By now I was the person that all
of the girls respected and let alone. The incident with the shiv
must have ended anyone's thoughts of doing me in or attacking me.

Karen and I became lovers. Every night after lights out and the
guards made their last rounds either I or she would jump into the
others' bed. We would suck, fuck and play till almost morning.
She always got me off and I always returned the favor. Our cums
were not as hot as we wanted because we dared not scream or cry
out in any way. Still I always managed to make Karen squirm in
pleasure.

One day, we noticed workmen installing what looked to be cameras
in our cells, the pod, the dining room, the hallways, and the
classrooms. At first I thought this might be to our advantage. I
quickly realized that we were always going to be watched and
there would be nothing we could do about it. Our little fourteen
year old bodies were going to be on display for anyone and
everyone who wanted to look at anytime, dressed or undressed.

The counselors began to call us in right after breakfast just one
day before the New year. "Your present is the new security
system. I can't ask you for sex, or do anything cause the warden
will see us. The warden can see you anytime anywhere including
showers and"

"I get the message."

"I'm sure you do. I was just letting you know this place has to
improve. We got orders from on high that there was too much not
known so now there is a television feed that goes directly to the
office of officials in government and they are going to watch us
watching you." I nodded. Then I looked toward a closet. He got my
message and nodded and then shook his head. It was not going to
be possible. The camera watched our every move.

I thanked him and left. I walked back to the pod alone. I was
sure a guard was beside me but I was alone. Then I realized they
were watching me walk and any sudden unexpected moves would be
followed by guards. Several doors were open enticing me to want
to look inside them but I walked on.

When I reached my destination, Karen was there to greet me.

"Shhhhh!" she whispered. These cameras carry sound as well. The
entire place is under surveillance and no one can do anything.
Lisa got taken away this morning for trying to fight with that
girl over there." She was pointing to a girl I had never seen
before. "Lisa tried to start something and even before she could
finish her threat the guards grabbed her and took her away."

I nodded. Then I whispered I would get with her later. She nodded
and I went over to introduce myself to the new comer. "Hi!" I
began.

"Bitch! Mind your own business and we will get along fine. I am
not here to know you or be friendly with you. I am here to do my
time and I do not want you or anyone else bothering me. Get
lost!"

I returned to one of the tables and sat down. Several others came
and sat with me. I got out the cards. "Ante up." We placed our
fingers on the table indicating what we would do and I began to
deal. New girl came over and asked to sit in. We agreed. She knew
the finger system of betting and agreed to the ante. I dealt we
began to play. My hand was a bust I folded, gave up my seat and
decided that it was going to be a very long time before I ever
felt another warm body next to me.

I watched the game intently. The new girl appeared to be doing
quite well. She had won several pairs of panties though none of
us was sure how she or anyone else would collect the winnings.

At last the game broke up. I tried again. "Nice going. You know
more about poker than you let on. Would you care to play against
me?"

"Go to hell! Get out of my face. I do my time! I don't want to
get to know you or anything about you."

I nodded. Then I retreated to my cell and waited for Karen to
show up. At last just before lights out Karen came in. "I was
down the hall having my hair cut." She said as she walked through
the cell door. I looked at her.

Her hair was cut very strangely. One side was longer than the
other and it looked as though it had been burned by too hot a
curling iron.

"Who cut your hair?"

"The girl in the next block. She has all the equipment because
she is learning to be a beautician. She is a trustee so to speak.
You know she goes outside to school and tries what she learns on
us. "Your hair looks awful."

"I know but I really wanted to help her out. She is a good girl,
with little time left and she needs a break She's trying to make
it and trying to learn all about beautiful hair.

"I will have to offer her my head to work on. You can't be the
only one with terrible hair in this pod.

Karen got really excited. "You would do that for me?"

"Yep. I think that if you look ridiculous it would be good if I
did too."

"Why?"

"Because if I have my hair cut by this trustee, so to speak no
one will make an effort to tease you."

Karen grabbed me and pulled me close. She kissed me snaking her
tongue deep into my mouth letting me taste her saliva while she
tried as hard as she could to feel me up over my clothes. I
pulled her close, grabbed her ass returning the favor she was
showing me. Then while pulling away, I whispered in her ear,
"Tonight. Tonight I will make passionate love to you."

She pulled away and nodded.

"Please make an appointment for a haircut." I said I would and
went to find out how to get my hair styled by the girl who was
trying to learn. It didn't take long to find out how to get her
to style my hair. In fact in just a few minutes I had an
appointment for the next day at one pm. I got excited but not
overly so. I hadn't had a 'do' in over six months.

Lunch, dinner, both came and went. No eventful thing to report.
It was the same routine for the day and into the evening. That
evening though found us at the table with the cards out ready for
another game. By now the cards were getting worn and though we
had asked for a new deck on several occasions our request went
unanswered. Most of our requests went unanswered so nothing new
there.

At the table were Karen, myself, Lisa, Jeri, and Cnnie. We were
all lesbians and we were all horny as a result of the cameras
placed all over the complex. We couldn't do anything without
being seen. We thought we had the betting down to where the
guards could not understand the system but we soon found out they
knew all about it.

After ante Karen bet first. Two she signaled with her fingers.
Almost immediately a guard stormed into the room.

"Stand up all of you!" We did. "Now you are playing cards for sex
and that is not allowed. You will all break up go to your cells.
Karen and Amy come with me." We broke out of line and got behind
him. He walked us out of the room and into the corridor.

"Some of us have a little party going on downstairs where there
are no cameras. I picked you to be our guests from this block.
You will do as you're told, quickly and without complaint. If
you're good you might a reduction in your sentences. We nodded
and followed him downstairs.

The rooms were decked out in holiday style. There was a Christmas
tree in one room and a menorah in another. The cots were moved to
the last room on the corridor and they were off limits unless
accompanied by a guard or another official. Almost as soon as we
arrived one of the counselors came up to me.

"I want to fuck you now."

I nodded and agreed. We went down the hall and into the last
room. He was all over me within seconds. I couldn't get my zipper
down fast enough. But he cared not for me. He just told me to
spread my legs, and then he entered me. In a few pumps he came
and then he pulled up his pants and left. I cleaned up and
returned to the party.

"How was he?" Karen asked.

"Nothing to write about. Left me as soon as he came. No prelim
either. He just wanted a quick bang."

A man, whom I did not know, asked Karen and I to accompany him.
We nodded in agreement and went with him back to the same room I
had just come from.

He slowly and carefully undressed us both and told us to make him
hard. We both sucked on his prick and licked his balls. Then he
had us get underneath of him and keeping our faces cheek to cheek
he spouted his white hot cum all over us. After we were covered
he told us, "lick it up."

Karen had never tasted the jizz before but I had. I licked her
face and whispered in her ear to lick me carefully and if she
didn't want to swallow it to cheek the stuff and then spit it
into my mouth. She nodded and then she licked me clean. As soon
as she was finished she told me to open my mouth and she dribbled
his cum right down my open mouth. I showed him the load and then
I swallowed it. He was hard again and asked us if he could do our
butts. I told him to do me first.

He bent me over and while Karen was under me eating my pussy he
shoved his tool in my asshole. I groaned a little but was too
excited because of Karen's work to do much except tighten on his
cock forcing another quick cum. When he pulled out he told Karen
to make me cum which she did in short order. Then we were taken
back to the party but this time we were nude. From then on we
serviced all the guards and officials any way they wanted. In the
end we were allowed to return to our cell minus our panties and
bras. We had no idea what had happened to them.

In the morning just before we were to get up Karen slipped into
my bed. She kissed me, frenched me, and then when I was
sufficiently wet she slipped two fingers into me and one into my
nether passage. I began to buck and beg for more.

"Please! Make me cum! Fuck me! FUCK ME!!! UHHH! AHHH!"

Then it was time to get up. The end of the year. The beginning of
the New Year. Still looking at the same walls, lights and daily
grind that makes this place so terrible. We didn't get the time
off, we didn't get an early release. What I got was the word
sucker stamped into my memory. Will there be another time. I
certainly hope so. I want revenge. I want to make the life of the
guards here as miserable as I can. I want them to suffer as I
have. Oh well. It may not happen but if wishes could come true.



