Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Part: Chapter 20 of 25
Universe: PdV's Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Summary: A romantic view of the unusual erotic encounters
         of three older teenagers
Keywords: mfF, mf, oral, exhib, voy, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

Cilla, Sonia and I had forged an unlikely and highly 
erotic three-way relationship.

Together with my brother Rick and his girlfriend Renate 
we were to spend four days camping in idyllic bushlands.  
During an enjoyable threesome we had been observed by the 
others without our knowledge and had taken a similar 
revenge.

*********************************************

On our second day camping we had spent several hours 
climbing to the top of a rocky bluff.  The views there 
had been spectacular, as had those we had observed when 
Rick and Renate believed themselves alone.

-----

We had taken some nibbles with us that had kept the edge 
off of our appetites and being hot and sweaty we were all 
more interested in a refreshing dip than a bigger meal.

I threw a few sandwiches together while the others took 
turns at the latrine.  It was enough for us to munch on 
as we returned to the pool by the spring.  I quickly took 
my turn as Rick offered them around and we set off on the 
short walk, munching as we went.

There was no hesitation today, our clothes flew through 
the air to land jumbled together.  The water was still 
cool but very welcome and we spent quite a while swimming 
and fooling around.

However we also spent a lot more time smooching and half-
heartedly groping each other now we were openly lovers.  
Rick was caught several times as he stared at the sight 
of Sonia and Cilla sucking on each other's tongues; 
Renate having to remind him of her presence with a 
strategically applied pointy elbow.

I couldn't fault him, myself.  It was a sight that warmed 
the cockles of my heart or at least stirred my cock and 
had my heart beating faster.  While it was erotic to 
watch I didn't feel either envious or jealous of their 
closeness.  I knew that either would spend their time 
with me just as readily and that I wasn't being excluded 
by their actions.

Through the clear water it was possible to see Renate's 
hand moving over my brother's prick.  It seemed the 
erotic tableau was having an affect on her too.

My observations of her behaviour were interrupted when 
Sonia provided her own underwater display when she ducked 
under and took me in her mouth.  She wrapped her legs 
around my calves and gripped my ass cheeks to anchor 
herself while her breath lasted.  Breaching the surface 
briefly with only her face, she would take another breath  
and dive down to continue her fellatio.

Having hyperventilated first, she actually managed to 
stay down for around two minutes at one stage.  Renate 
watched, with Rick's arms around her and his hands 
cupping her breasts as her friend repeatedly swallowed my 
cock (and not a little spring water).

It was something she hadn't tried herself yet; nor had 
she gotten Rick to eat her pussy - something she had seen 
me do to Sonia when they had spied on us the previous 
evening.

I finally got Sonia to stop.  Her efforts had been 
interesting to say the least and I was about to provide 
physical evidence of that if she didn't stop.

I had heard of a "snow job" where a mouthful of ice cubes 
gives the blowjob a frosty feel.  This was the opposite.

Consider a cool mountain spring.  You're standing up to 
your belly  button or higher in the water, slowly 
chilling.

Then a warm mouth engulfs your member.

The temperature difference Is magnified so that your 
erect prick is now surrounded by a furnace that tickles 
and sucks.

A trickle of water enters past the pouting lips as they 
slide back and for the and is swallowed with a gulp that 
forces your prick against the roof of your lover's mouth 
as her (or his) tongue spasms.

As the air supply begins to run out, the lady in question 
begins to make some interesting oral manipulations as she 
tries to increase her stimulation of the organ lodged 
between her lips before deciding she just HAS to have 
oxygen.

On one occasion you get a literal blow job as bubbles 
escape in a tickling stream, your lover's lips vibrating 
against your flesh before she has to replace the lost 
breath.  With the emptying of her lungs, that visit is 
cut short.

At least that was much how I found it.

Cilla had been standing next to me, our arms around each 
other as we looked down on Sonia's head.  I gave her, and 
the others, a blow by blow (please excuse the pun) 
description of Sonia's activities.

This spiked Rick's interest in experiencing it himself 
which Renate found obvious by the pole which jutted 
towards her ass.  She too was paying close attention to 
which bits I seemed to particularly appreciate.

I lifted Sonia and covered her mouth with mine as she 
drew a breath.  I exhaled and she shared my air.  When 
she exhaled I breathed it back in before letting her 
freshen her supply.

Cilla cuddled us both from the side and we both included 
her as we stood there.  "Than you sweetheart", I kissed 
Sonia's forehead as she leaned her head against my chest.

"Wow", said Rick, "That was amazing.  I thought it was 
wild in the camp this morning but that was nothing."

Renate turned to him, "You like the idea then?"

"Oh sure babe.  What's not to like?"

"And what would it be worth?"

"You name it!"  Rick couldn't believe his luck and was 
stimulated enough at that moment to sell his soul.

"I'll hold you to that.  Come back to the beach though.  
I don't think I can beat Sonia's efforts underwater but I 
might be able to manage on dry land."

Renate realised she was very much the novice but figured 
Rick wouldn't know the difference at that stage and if 
she talked up her abilities he might accept them at face 
value.

We followed, Sonia and I curious and Cilla feeling 
competitive as well.

While Renate was a bit self-conscious at having an 
audience, she found it mildly exciting; Rick didn't care 
- he was going to get his first blowjob.

He found a shady spot on the sand and leaned back against 
a smooth rock.  He wanted a good view of the action!

As Renate knelt between his legs, her hands on his 
thighs, we sat down near them with Sonia leaning her fine 
breasts against my back and Cilla laying her head on my 
leg so she had the area of interest at eye level.

Renate almost asked for suggestions.  She was playing to 
the crowd as well as wanting to please the youth she 
loved.  The shyness she had felt when first exposing 
herself to our view had seemed to melt away with her 
knowledge of our "outrageous" antics; anything she and 
Rick would get up to would be mild by comparison.

She leaned forwards to kiss Rick.  She intended this to 
be a performance to remember if she could possibly manage 
it.  She knew, mainly from gossip, of the speed at which 
a young man could be expected to explode and she wanted 
to draw things out.

She rested her hands on his shoulders as they kissed and 
allowed, no - encouraged, him to fumble at her breasts.  
Rick liked the feel of those firm orbs in his palms but 
was eager to get to the "main event" and wasn't really 
concerned with foreplay.

To a young man, foreplay means being in the same room.  
In many cases being on the same planet was enough, at 
least when visiting Mrs Palm's five daughters.

Renate was aware of his impatience; her mild annoyance at 
his self-centred approach was offset by the warmth she 
felt for him and the excitement of a public performance.

Though he was hardly deprived, she felt his need and 
wanted to ease it.  She backed off a little and then 
leaned over to trail her tongue down from his chin, over 
his neck and between the slight mounds on his masculine 
chest.  Pausing to probe his navel she finally came to 
rest at his dark patch of pubic hair.

She stopped and looked her teen lover directly in the 
eyes.  She found a look of pleading; a request, if not 
from the heart, then from the loins - DON'T STOP NOW!

Renate had noticed the pearl glistening on the tip of his 
rampant cock and, keeping her eyes on his, extended her 
tongue to touch that droplet.

Rick's eyes followed the movement and he stared at his 
girlfriend's tongue as it lapped over the top of is 
prick.  It twitched at the contact and he let out a sigh.  
Sometimes the anticipation of an event can be very bit as 
rewarding as the event itself.

Renate considered the taste and decided she liked it.  
Not realising his pre-cum was sweeter than his semen, and 
that the tip of her tongue was more sensitive to 
sweetness, she couldn't understand why she had heard 
stories on how "nasty" it was.  "Perhaps", she thought, 
"the stories come from those not in a position to know."

Her red lips parted and she kissed the knob, taking it 
into her mouth where she ran her tongue around its thick 
presence.  It was unusual to have something that size in 
her mouth without biting.

She sucked on a straw, a pen, even occasionally a finger 
or thumb but something as thick as a banana normally 
meant food.

Similarly she realised that while she might flick her 
tongue across that pen as it was gripped between her 
teeth, it was a much different, and very novel, 
experience to work her tongue over the warm flesh 
currently present in her mouth.

She didn't suck yet nor try to take more into her mouth.  
She wasn't sure how much she could contain in that 
orifice and was waiting to see what response resulted 
from her various actions.

She gave a slow lick along one side and then used the 
back of her tongue to caress the other; she flicked her 
tongue back and forth rapidly (in the fashion she had 
recently found produced very pleasant sensations when 
applied to her nipples); she even tried pushing her 
tongue very firmly against the slit she could feel in the 
very front of his cock head.

Rick couldn't really distinguish between her actions.  
One pleasant sensation followed another and each seemed 
as good as or better than the last.  He rested one hand 
gently on the back of her head as the other caressed her 
cheek.

Cilla had reached between my legs to hold my balls as she 
watched our friends' slow progress.  This was a welcome 
addition to Sonia's hands as they gently tickled my 
nipples.  Rick wasn't the only one whose "manhood" (what 
a ridiculous term!) poked skywards.

"Suck on it", encouraged Cilla.

Without taking any more of the delicious cock into her 
mouth, Renate began to suckle on the oversized nipple.  
We could see the pulsing dimples in her cheeks ass she 
sucked and relaxed.

Rick pressed gently on her head as he lifted his hips.  
This was too, too lovely but his instincts were to push 
deeper.

Renate slid her mouth down in compliance and the young 
man's prick grazed both the roof of her mouth and the 
base of her tongue.

Rick relaxed his hips and his cock slipped back out a 
little;  he repeated the motion, sliding in and out of 
his girlfriend's wet mouth as she continued in turn to 
both suck and lick his twitching organ.

"That's it girl!"  Cilla, the expert, was giving 
unrequested encouragement.  "Up and down.  Fuck him with 
your mouth.  Make him come!"

She moved her hand from my balls to my prick and 
practised what she preached.  Her view of Renate was 
spoiled a little, it was hard to move her own mouth up 
and down while twisted sideways enough to see so she 
developed a simple method - up and down a couple of times 
then turn sideways and lick around just the head while 
watching the "competition"; repeat.

Sonia in the meantime was crushing me back against her.  
From her size one wouldn't expect a powerful bear hug but 
that's what I got.  At the same time she took delight in 
inflicting occasional painful quick pinches as she 
stroked my nipples between thumb and forefinger.  I think 
she liked to feel me jerk in response in her arms.  While 
it did hurt, it seemed to make the gentleness of her 
subsequent caresses all the more sensuous.

Renate had heard Cilla's instructions but it was more 
Rick's whispered "Yes! Please" that spurred her on.  She 
began bobbing and Rick's pelvic thrusts subsided as her 
motion rendered his redundant.

It also made Rick realise that he couldn't last much 
longer.  Should he warn Renate?  If he did, would she 
stop?  Concern for how she would feel if he unexpectedly 
came in her mouth warred with a need for the sensations 
to continue until they brought relief.

He left his decision too long or perhaps simply let the 
lack of a decision to act in either direction be his 
decision.  Renate felt him stiffen but still lacked the 
experience to work out when to back off.

Her delight at getting Rick off was short lived as she 
tasted his semen.  It swirled around the turgid meaty rod 
occupying her mouth and coated her tongue, the insides of 
her cheeks and the roof of her mouth.

She released his prick and hawked then spat the milky 
fluid to the ground as his eruptions subsided and the 
final seepages oozed out over the still puking cock head.

"Are you all right?"  NOW he was concerned!

Renate spat again as she tried to clear the taste from 
her mouth.  It was certainly different from his pre-cum.  
She apologised in her mind to the others whose experience 
she had doubted.

Rick pulled her to him as she recovered.  "I'm sorry.  I 
didn't realise until it was too late to warn you.  Thank 
you though.  It was wonderful.  I've never felt anything 
like that before."

He guiltily cuddled her and Renate nestled into his arms, 
only then realising that Cilla was busy next to them.

She watched with interest.  "What differences in 
technique are possible?" she wondered.

With the competing show over, Cilla concentrated on me.  
Sonia too decided to have a bit more fun and got me to 
lay back onto the warm sand where she had been sitting.

As Cilla moved her head up and down as she lay beside and 
across my thighs, Sonia knelt across my face and used her 
fingers to open the pussy lips that descended directly 
onto my mouth.

Fortunately her pussy was free of the sandy grit I felt 
on her thighs as they brushed against my cheeks.  She was 
wet, and not from our swim.  She was also tasty and I let 
her know just how much I enjoyed her.

Sonia leaned forwards slightly, her hands framing Cilla's 
head as she rested them on my hips.  Her own hips rocked 
gently back and forth giving my tongue a wider coverage.  
She caressed the back of our lover's head as she watched 
the second demonstration of fellatio.

I was probably as excited as Rick had been  but had 
learned a couple of ways of holding back (not always 
successful) and Cilla had learned how to pace herself to 
make me last longer while still subjecting me to constant 
stimulation.

While her head was bobbing, she avoided touching me with 
anything but her lips and that as the merest contact, the 
gentlest meeting of surface against surface, her saliva 
providing the necessary lubrication to minimise friction.

I've heard of being tickled with feathers.  It must have 
been a little like that without the humour.  The effect 
was deadly serious but was pleasant without  being 
exciting if you understand.  I could let it go on 
forever.

Cilla had other ideas however.  As she felt me calm down 
she started to make me climb back up the emotional 
mountain again.

Firstly her lips made firmer contact.  Her mouth moved 
back and forth, massaging my cock in a most interesting 
way.  Then her tongue arrived back on the scene.  Until I 
felt the long strokes I hadn't realised its absence; the 
other feelings had been too nice.

Then she started sucking.  This closed her mouth tightly 
around my cock.  Her cheeks indented and jaw rigid, my 
cock was sliding over her tongue and rubbing the roof of 
her mouth.  In her enthusiasm she engulfed more and more 
until the contact of my prick with the back of her mouth 
started to make her gag.  She quickly eased off.

I knew of "deep throat", the movie was a classic, but 
Cilla wasn't capable of such a feat.  I dreamed of the 
idea as she continued her actions and Sonia fed me from 
her body.

I was getting a little greedy.  Perhaps.

Rick and Renate were spellbound.  This was the same 
tableau they had spied upon.  (Was it only the previous 
night?)  But then we had been concealed by the shadows 
cast in the moonlight.  Now everyone and everything was 
clearly visible.

Rick hadn't even subsided before his prick was engorged 
with blood again and pushed itself against the naked girl 
in his arms.  He looked away from us and at her but her 
own eyes seemed glued to the action in front of them.  He 
returned his attention to the three of us.

Sonia was a real exhibitionist and, under her influence, 
Cilla's and my own tendencies in that direction seemed to 
have blossomed.

She was getting heated; she loved me eating her pussy 
almost as much as she loved Cilla eating it.  (Cilla's 
long tongue can reach places mine can't so I have to rely 
on my skill, if I do say so myself.)  Sonia was also 
extremely excited by the knowledge that her best friend 
(at least until Cilla and I came along - and that's 
different) was watching her and her lovers in action.

Her mischievous mind decided to try to shock them a bit 
more.  She tapped on Cilla's head and issued a one word 
query, "Roulette?"

Cilla released me long enough to say, "Okay!"

With a final bob of her head she got up and knelt to one 
side.  Sonia took over and bobbed her own head down and 
up then "passed" me back to Cilla.

The other couple watched my double blowjob in amazement.  
The aim was for each girl to try and stimulate me enough 
for me to come when the other girl again took me into her 
mouth - winner take all and no cheating!

We had "played" it once before and Sonia, who didn't 
enjoy a mouthful of semen any more than Renate apparently 
did, "won" and had the good sports(wo)manship to follow 
the rules to the end.  She had to - she made them up!

From my point of view it was a "Win-Win" situation.  Both 
of them TRYING to make me come!

This time they exchanged me back and forth only about 
four times (I wasn't really counting - my mind was on 
other things) before I started coming.  It was Cilla who 
felt the surge hit the back of her mouth and she moved 
her head down to simplify the passage of my semen from 
balls to stomach.

With Sonia deciding to celebrate her "loss" with a bit 
more face-fucking I found myself being syphoned at one 
end and drowned at the other.  I sucked Sonia's vulva 
inside my mouth, her long lips parted by my tongue as it 
quested for her clit.  I wrapped my arms around her legs 
to hold her in place so she couldn't escape when the 
sensations became too much.

She wanted to put on a show?  I'd make her orgasm one to 
remember.  I had been a bit distracted before but now I 
could concentrate on one thing.

I didn't notice Cilla cleaning me up though Renate 
certainly did until Sonia distracted her when she started 
gasping as wave after wave hit her.  She tried to get me 
to release her, pulling at my hands as they held her 
pussy to my face.

I didn't have much time as my access to fresh air had 
been cut off so I wanted to push her up and over before I 
had to give in myself.

I was successful; the fleshy earmuffs formed by her 
thighs didn't block the whimpers that preceded a 
tremendous shudder and then the slumping that informed me 
I had, once again, managed to excite my little lover 
enough to make her pass out.  Her head came slowly down 
next to Cilla's (I still had hold on her  legs so she 
couldn't fall far) and Cilla moved to roll her off me.

She kissed Sonia's lips gently and was rewarded with a 
flutter of the fainted girl's eyelids as the prone 
position allowed the blood to return to her head.

"Sleeping Beauty woken with a kiss.  Hmm, shouldn't it be 
PRINCE Charming?", I teased them.

Sonia drew Cilla down for a firmer kiss, ignoring the 
slight spermy aftertaste.  "I'm happy with Princess 
Absolutely Gorgeous, thank you."

That didn't stop her giving me a big kiss too.  Cilla 
followed that with a loving pash.

Renate looked at Sonia, somewhat disconcerted by our 
apparent lack of concern.  "Do you do that often?"

Sonia looked at her.  "What?  Fuck face, play blowjob 
roulette or come so hard I pass out?"

"The latter I suppose but don't let me stop you 
explaining about the others", Renate grinned.

Cilla and I snuggled down against our love and both 
started suckling on her tiny tits as she tried to reply.

"It's happened a couple of times.  It's no longer scary 
and only happens if I'm sitting or standing when I come, 
and then only if it is a major come.  It's worth it!  
Will you two behave!"

We ignored her and continued to stimulate her breasts.  
Sonia had got over one orgasm and, while not against 
experiencing a second, wasn't enthusiastic about it.  
However she also wasn't over-sensitised and found her 
body gradually warming to the idea.

As her hands pressed our heads into her chest we realised 
she had capitulated.  Cilla moved down between her legs 
for her own little cunt lapping session.  This was 
something Rick and Renate HADN'T seen!

Rick found the girl-girl action exciting while Renate was 
excited by finding out just how different her friend was 
to what she had expected.  "How could Sonia have kept 
this a secret from me for so long?" she asked herself.  
"That looks like fun", she hinted to Rick.

He couldn't let the opportunity to pass.  "Well why don't 
you ask?  They look friendly."

"Oh you fool!  Come and eat me!"

She lay on her back and invitingly bent her knees up to 
open her pussy to his view and for ease of access.  Rick 
had hoped to watch a little longer, the opportunity may 
not arise again after all, but then figured if he didn't 
show HIS appreciation for the blowjob THAT might not 
happen again and that was something not to be 
contemplated.

Renate wasn't quite as selfless - she made sure she could 
still see our threesome in action as Rick moved into 
position and came face to face with her bare pussy lips.  
He bent down and kissed her at the base of her trimmed 
pubes.

Renate found her attention drawn away from the show and 
down between her legs.  Nice!  Oh yes, very nice!

Rick was tentatively probing with his tongue as he 
sprinkled light kisses over the top of her thighs and 
along her slit.  When Renate showed signs of enjoying a 
particular action he was encouraged to repeat it, 
experimenting a little until he finally managed to sink 
his tongue into a damp spot and found it suddenly 
flooded.

Renate's juices had been building and his tongue had 
separated the lips that dammed them inside her vagina.  
It was delicious and he sucked and lapped trying to 
swallow all of his love's sweet nectar.

Though Sonia was enjoying being eaten, and liked seeing 
her friend's first experience of cunnilingus, she felt 
she wanted a "little" change.

"Cilla.  Will you turn around and let me eat you please?"

Cilla was agreeable and squirmed around, ending up with 
her head near Rick's feet and her hips next to his head.  
He briefly looked over at the tufts of red hair just 
visible over her thighs before concentrating on Renate 
again.

I raised my eyebrows and waited for an indication of 
Sonia's desires.  It wasn't a long wait.  "Kneel behind 
me and fuck me hard!"

That put me right next to Renate's head.  She would have 
a close-up of Sonia's pussy as I plunged into her from 
behind.  Sonia HAD to know what the view would be from 
her friend's position - the minx!

By now I didn't care.  They had seen us and we had seen 
them.  We weren't interested in our groups interacting 
further (at least I wasn't - who knows about the others?)  
I loved Sonia and Cilla; Renate was interesting to look 
at but that didn't make me want her, and as for Rick!  
Sorry, not my scene.

I knelt behind Sonia and gave Renate a clear view of my 
thumb penetrating Sonia's cunt as I spread her juices 
before trying to enter her.  It wasn't necessary, she was 
that damp.  Still it must have helped Renate somewhat as 
her moans didn't quite coincide with Rick's efforts.

I moved closer and my prick slid in.  Images of hot 
knives through butter might be a cliche but the image was 
appropriate.  Sonia's juices flowed down her legs like 
melted butter and my "knife" met no resistance as I 
glided in and out.

Sonia had asked for "hard" and I aimed to please.  This 
didn't mean she wanted me to hurt her but rather that she 
was already aroused and simply wanted to be fucked rather 
than the slower activity "making love" implied.

Gripping past her small hips I nearly encircled her 
waist.  My thumbs almost touched over her spine while my 
fingers just missed her navel.  This gave me a good grip 
to pull her hips back towards me as I thrust deeply 
inside her.

I must have bottomed out the first couple of times as she 
flinched and gave a cry, muffled by Cilla's pussy, that 
indicated her pleasure was being interrupted by my 
painful collision with her cervix.

I eased off a little, still ramming my cock head through 
the first part of her wet tunnel but slowing before I 
caused further pain.

Sonia noticed the difference and was able to concentrate 
on the wet fragrant pussy in front of her.  As I thrust 
and pulled at her she found her face being jerked around 
and through the tasty patch of furred flesh.

To overcome this she latched onto her mate, clamping 
Cilla's legs against the sides of her head as she wrapped 
her arms tightly around the sensuous limbs.  With a bit 
of adjustment as her body was still being jolted by my 
thrusts she managed to get into an optimal position.

Initially I had been able to kneel there relatively still 
sliding Sonia back and forth over my cock.  Now, with 
Cilla's weight added to hers, the situation was reversed 
and Renate was able to see my buttocks dimple as I moved 
in and out of my loved one.

It wasn't long for any of us.  Poor Rick!  He was the 
only one who didn't come with a bang, though I'm sure 
Renate would make it up to him (if her earlier efforts 
weren't reward enough).

While I must admit my introduction to sex had been far 
from "normal", I don't think Rick and Renate found their 
first experiences anything like they had expected either.

It's a long way from a fumbled grope and a little tongue 
tussling to losing your cherry and then being involved in 
a group session within the same day.  We at least had 
worked up to this level of "iniquity" by a slower series 
of steps, if not over a much longer period.

We eventually separated from our collapsed huddles and 
crawled into slightly deeper water to rinse our bodies.

There was a slight air of embarrassment now the passion 
had ebbed although it was somewhat muted by the knowledge 
that we three were unashamedly "out", at least to our 
companions.  There were now three (probably four, knowing 
Uncle Frank's openness with his young wife) who knew 
about us and quite a few more who wondered.

I contemplated how long it would remain a secret, how we 
could possibly eventually reveal all and what the likely 
consequences would be.  We liked to think we were grown 
up but the potential scenes all brought a shiver to my 17 
year old sine.  The others simply thought I was cold.

-----

All holidays must come to an end but it was a different, 
and somewhat sorer, group that sat together on the way 
back.

Rick and Renate had put a sizable dent in the condom 
supply and Renate noticeably spread her legs when she 
walked to the car.  I couldn't help smiling.

We checked out with the Park Ranger who looked more than 
a little relieved that we had survived unscathed with 
Cilla at 18 as our only "responsible" adult supervision.  
With his call "Bye.  See you again." behind us, we 
departed.

The drive out of the mountains was slow, due to the 
winding nature of the narrow roads, and noisy, due to the 
chattered reminiscing of events that had occurred during 
our stay.

This led to other, perhaps more private, memories being 
disclosed when Sonia tried to tease Cilla.  "Perhaps 
you'll get a chance to entertain another truck driver."

Cilla wasn't to be baited however.  "It might be Renate's 
turn this time."

"What?"  Both Renate and Rick wanted to know what they 
meant and Sonia and Cilla shared the telling of the story 
of Cilla's initially accidental display to a passing 
truck and the subsequent show Sonia had intentionally 
provided with her once they knew they were being watched.

Though Renate had found herself on display in a range of 
situations she would have thought impossible only days 
earlier, she wasn't sure she would ever be ready for a 
more public display.  Momma and Pop wouldn't be pleased 
if they knew what she'd been up to but the consequences 
of being picked up by the police for some public activity 
would have them almost literally killing her.

Still, since the topic had turned to sex and she was 
trying hard to destroy the somewhat prudish image she had 
at the start of the trip, she wasn't against providing a 
more private display.

She reached down to Rick's lap and caressed his prick 
through his pants.  "Oh!  Did you like their story?  I 
can tell you did so don't deny it."

She rubbed the erection.  "Should I do something about 
it?"

"Mmm", he replied, "Yes please."

Sonia, sitting on the opposite side of the back seat from 
Rick, watched Renate slowly unzip his pants before 
extracting, with some difficulty, his turgid member.

Cilla had turned in her seat and lay her arm over the 
back as she too watched.  Sonia took her hand and they 
paid attention to the unfolding scene while I had to 
concentrate on the last of the curves before I was able 
to look out over the foothills and across the plains.

They were missing the view; or I was.

Renate stroked a couple of times and then leaned over to 
suck her lover's prick.  The position was a little 
cramped so that, while she could take him in her mouth, 
she couldn't stay that way long enough to accomplish 
anything.

"Damn."  She sat up.  "This is no good."

"Why don't you swap places with Sonia?" suggested Cilla.

"What?", queried the mischievous Sonia.  "You want me to 
blow Rick?" 

"No.  Let Renate lean across you."

Being the smaller of the two, Sonia stood slightly while 
Renate scooted over then she sat down on Renate's lap 
before sliding into the now empty middle seat.  She 
looked down at the naked penis standing up proudly beside 
her.

Remarkably she restrained herself and behaved for once, 
not even making a smart comment.  Renate knelt up on the 
seat and leaned across her friend to reach her lover 
again.  That was better.

Sonia found herself with a front row seat, watching her 
friend's fellatio exhibition close up;  at the same time 
Renate's breasts, unconstrained by a bra under her cotton 
t-shirt, were snuggled between Sonia's thighs.

She parted her legs slightly and then brought them back 
together, gently massaging the fleshy pendulums.

"Yes" murmured Renate past Rick's prick.  He didn't 
understand but Sonia did.

She hadn't intended to "stray" outside our threesome and, 
indeed, didn't really view it that way now.  In a group 
setting, and considering the activities over the last few 
days, mixing between the two groups had been almost the 
only thing that hadn't occurred.

She lifted an arm and extended it to Cilla over Renate's 
back.  Cilla took her hand and they rested them on the 
base of Renate's spine.  Sonia nodded at Cilla and gave a 
jerk of her head to direct Cilla's gaze towards Sonia's 
legs.  Cilla followed the look and saw the rhythmic 
oscillation of her mate's knees as she massaged the third 
girl's breasts.

"Oh ho!" she thought.

Sonia moved Cilla's hand further down Renate's back.  
There wasn't much further back to go.

Renate had worn a short skirt for the return trip.  
Fashionable, comfortable and convenient if access should 
somehow be required.  She felt the position of the hands 
change but didn't pay it much attention, concentrating as 
she did on Rick's pleasure.

She enjoyed the gentle pressure Sonia was putting on her 
breasts though, without any nipple stimulation it was 
just pleasure, not passion.  She was rather surprised 
then when she felt her ass cheeks being firmly massaged 
by not one but two hands.  Rick had one lightly resting 
on her and another between her shoulder blades so it 
wasn't (not that she suspected it) him.

She wasn't a lesbian - no way! - but these were just 
hands and how was a hand male or female?  Besides, it 
felt nice and more than a little stimulating.  Rick 
noticed how she started making more of an effort and 
looked down her back to where two arms disappeared behind 
Renate's rump.

Cilla grinned at him.

The girls had been gently kneading Renate's gluteus 
maximus through the soft cotton knickers; G-strings were 
NOT the best thing to wear under short skirts on car 
seats for a long drive.  They got bolder as they didn't 
get any adverse signs from Renate, and now from Rick.

Cilla had a more restricted range so concentrated on 
gently poking Renate's ass through the thin cloth.

Sonia moved her hand further south and felt the dampness 
seeping into the fabric.  Initially she rubbed her 
fingertips over her friend's pussy through the ever-
dampening gusset but then decided to take the plunge, 
literally, and slid a thumb under the side of the 
knickers to move the fabric out of the way before pushing 
it deep into the well lubricated hole.

Cilla could see the digit disappear and stretched over 
the back of the car seat to touch the back of her lover's 
hand.  I don't consider this a betrayal of our love, just 
an extension of their exhibitionistic natures.  They may 
have toyed with Renate but there was no desire to take 
her, or Rick, into our pact, nor were they seeking 
reciprocal attention as Sonia politely pointed out to 
Rick when he indicated he could hold her breast if she 
liked.

Renate, right at that moment, wasn't concerned with 
Rick's offer to Sonia.  She had a firm prick in her 
mouth, a thumb in her cunt, a finger over her clit and 
another poised against her rosebud; not forgetting those 
delightful thighs which continued to massage her breasts.

It was too much yet at the same time not enough.  She 
waggled her ass from side to side and the other girls 
disengaged; they hoped they hadn't gone too far.

Renate sat back up and asked Sonia to move back into her 
old place.  Rick was a little dismayed that everything 
seemed to be over.  That is until Renate, resuming the 
middle seat, told him to put a condom on.

He fumbled for his wallet and removed a small packet 
which Renate grabbed and tore open with her teeth.  She 
was on the boil and didn't want to get cold again.

She unrolled it over the swaying prick as Rick put his 
wallet away then moved over and sat on his lap.  With one 
leg each twisted sideways there was just enough room 
behind the driver's seat.

"Sorry", Renate apologised as her knee pressed through 
the seat into my back.  I slid the seat a little forward 
to help them out though it wasn't that clear to me just 
what was going on.

Renate stood slightly, reached between her legs to 
position the penis past the side of her knickers and sat, 
engulfing it in her hot twat.

Cilla and Sonia, holding hands again, were grinning.  
Their friend had turned into a real sex pot; she was so 
hot she had to have it as though she hadn't been having 
sex up to five times a day over the last three days.

Sonia lent forward and Cilla met her lips for a 
passionate kiss.  Renate wasn't the only one who never 
seemed to get enough!

I had been using the interior mirror from time to time to 
try and follow the proceedings but had missed most of the 
exploits, only to find out some time later when it was 
just the three of us again.  I did realise what was 
happening now and the motions and sounds was having its 
effect on me; especially with Renate leaning forward next 
to my ear most of the time.

Cilla let her eyes roam away from the fucking pair for a 
while and noticed the bulge in my lap.  She looked out 
the windscreen and decided the road ahead was safe 
enough.

"Drive carefully", she said as she unzipped me and pulled 
out my prick before swallowing it (almost whole) in a 
single hot wet plunge.  Her tongue worked overtime and 
her head bobbed madly.  She wasn't trying to be subtle or 
slow.  This was a simple "wham, bam, thank you ma'am, 
here's the money" blow job; a rush of excitement (for 
both of us - me in the getting and Cilla in the knowledge 
I could be "got") before I had to concentrate on my 
driving.

Renate was still positioned beside my ear and got a 
bird's-eye view of Cilla's head bouncing around.

I did slow the car a little bit but managed to beat Rick, 
even with his head (no pun intended) start, by quite a 
way.

Cilla had finished cleaning up and had tucked me back in 
while Renate was still banging the back of my chair.  It 
had been stimulating before, now I wished they would just 
hurry up.  Isn't it amazing how your feelings can change 
after you come!

I wasn't quite mean-spirited enough to complain though 
the car just happened to swerve back and forth across the 
lane a couple of (okay 6) times - What!  You didn't see 
the road kill I was avoiding?  Sorry!

Regardless of the cause, the added sideways rocking 
didn't seem to go astray and Renate actually thanked me 
later!  Rick gasped quite loudly from behind me and 
Renate came soon after, resting her forehead on my 
shoulder for a few seconds as she composed herself.

She leaned back and, after getting an awkward kiss from 
Rick, almost fell sideways trying to extricate herself 
from his lap while the car was moving.  Sonia steadied 
her and Renate gave her a quick peck on the cheek.  
"Thank you."

Sonia understood.

Applause would have been anticlimactic but they both 
deserved some recognition.  They had put on a good show 
for (some of) us even if there was no truck driver handy; 
maybe one day?

I held Cilla's hand for a while and later Sonia's when 
they swapped places.  I wasn't nasty to Rick this time - 
let him sit with his love, I had mine - doubled.

It had been a good holiday.




















