Karen's Vacation Gets Even Wilder
by LuckyDave1066

Karen woke up very late, dragged into consciousness against her will by a variety of sounds; people fooling about at a nearby pool, brunch dishes being cleared away by a busboy at the restaurant's tables in the courtyard below her balcony, the drone of several vacuum cleaners and, finally, a loud knock at her room's door followed by a young woman yelling, "Housekeeping!"

"Why didn't I put out the damn do-not-disturb tag last night?" she mumbled to herself before shouting a reply to the maid; "Later, please!" Wide awake now, the memory of her wild balcony show the night before came back to her; it seemed more like a dream, but as she remembered what she'd done, forgetting to plan for a quiet morning and late wake up seemed understandable.

And what a memory! She had never done anything remotely as raunchy anywhere, let alone in public, and was sure she never would again. Still, she couldn't stop smiling as she thought about her one crazy night; nobody here knew her and she'd had an unexpected adventure. If she ever put together a bucket list she could leave doing a public striptease off; been there, done that! She showered and dressed to go out in search of some lunch.

Deciding to keep a low profile for a while in the resort after her behavior the previous night, Karen got some suggestions at the front desk for restaurants in the nearest town and took a cab a mile or so down the beach. She found a cafe from the list of recommended spots and enjoyed a leisurely lunch and a single glass of wine. She had resolved to not go overboard on alcohol intake today, thinking having had more than she was used to last night might have played a part in her unprecedented behavior. Having invested in a cab ride to get into town she decided to browse at a few shops as long as she was there. She bought a few souvenirs and a silver bracelet made by a local artisan which seemed to be a bargain.

She was about ready to head back to her resort when a small shop with some bright swimwear on display caught her eye. While some of the suits in the window were way more revealing than she could see herself wearing to the beach, some looked like the fairly conservative bikinis she used to wear when she was in her twenties; having seen what the women at the resort were all wearing, she thought the one-piece suits she'd packed were a little too boring and decided to go inside and see if anything in the store would actually work on her 44 year-old body.

Stepping into the store, Karen found she was the only customer in the shop at the moment. A young woman at the register looked up from her phone and greeted Karen; she asked if she could help her find anything. "Just browsing, I'll let you know if I have any questions," Karen replied. The clerk seemed relieved to be able to get back to whatever she was doing with her phone, so Karen began her search for a two-piece suit she could be comfortable wearing to the beach. There was quite a variety and the prices seemed very reasonable, but most of the suits were haphazardly mixed in several bins so it took her a while to find a matching top and bottom she was interested in that appeared to be the right sizes.

She took her potential purchase, a fairly conservative dark blue bikini, to one of the three fitting rooms, stripped down to her panties and tried it on. She was amazed that a fitting room in a shop specializing in swimwear didn't have a full-length mirror, but figured it was in keeping with the general bargain-basement vibe of the place. The bottoms fit pretty well, but the top was way too small, so she put her blouse back on, buttoned a couple of buttons and stepped back into the quiet store.

Karen dug through the bins near the fitting room, searching for a matching top in the right size. It took a few minutes, but eventually, she found a likely top and brought it to the fitting room to try it on. She peeled off her blouse again, wishing she'd worn something a bit looser; her blouse's sleeves were a little tight and turned inside out every time she took it off. The new top fit better, but was a little larger than she needed. The labeled sizes seemed to be almost totally random; "Maybe that explains the bargain prices?" Karen thought. Keeping the not-quite-right top on for the moment rather than deal with her blouse again, she left the fitting room and began searching for a just-right top. She expanded her search to some bins farther from the fitting room, eventually finding a cluster of matching tops in a variety of sizes.

Gathering up six possible tops, Karen was about to go back across the store to the fitting room when she noticed she was near the only full-length mirror she'd seen anywhere in the store. Thinking about having to go back and forth to the fitting room until she happened to find a top that fit, she looked around the store; "Still just me and the clerk here, and she's paying me no attention at all," she thought. Keeping one eye on the shop's entrance, Karen took a deep breath as she unhooked the ill-fitting top and slipped it off, dropping it into a nearby bin!

She was shaking a little as she stood half-naked in the middle of the store and fumbled a bit with her first new candidate, but managed to get the top on fairly quickly. The latest top fit pretty well but had an ugly stain on it she hadn't noticed until she checked herself out in the mirror. After another quick check of her surroundings she took off the top and picked up one of the others she had set aside, getting it on without incident, but realized immediately that despite being marked as being the same size as the top which fit well, it was way too small.

After a quick glance towards the clerk, Karen took the second top off. She was about to try on another one but paused as a new idea came to her; since the first top she'd tried on out on the sales floor had fit her well, she just needed to see if one of the four left matched it. She picked up the stained top and began comparing her remaining candidates to it. One by one she compared them, each one proving too small or too large. Having found one top that DID fit, and loving a bargain, she wasn't quite ready to give up, so she dug into the bin and began checking a few more in the cluster of matching tops.

She bent over the bin and compared a few more tops to the stained one; she was about to give up when her persistence paid off; she finally found a matching top in the correct size with no apparent defects. She was in the process of trying to separate it from a tangled wad of tops, savoring her triumph over the store's disorganization, when she heard two voices, one female and one male, coming from the direction of the entrance!

"C'mon, hon, I'll just have a quick look around and then we can go," said the woman.

"You always say that and then you end up looking at everything in the store," said the man.

"You exaggerate," she replied.

"Just a little, you have...hey, wow, look!" he said, pointing at Karen, who had frozen in place as she watched the couple come into view less than fifteen feet from where she stood. Still naked above her bikini bottom, she held the tangled clump of tops over her breasts with one hand and bolted off to the fitting room, flinging the curtain shut as she dashed in. A glance at the small face height mirror was enough to confirm what she already felt; she was blushing deeply. Despite having shown far more of her body to far more people the night before, something about being so near to the couple, it being the middle of the day, and the sudden nature of this latest exposure made her shiver uncontrollably for a full minute or two in the fitting room.

Once she had calmed down, Karen went back to untangling the clump of suit tops to free the top she wanted to buy. Hanging up her hard-earned prize and the matching bottoms, she got back into her bra, blouse and shorts and peeked out into the store. The couple who had seen her was still browsing, though only the woman seemed interested in the goods on sale; the man spent much of his time looking in the direction of her fitting room. Karen brought her two items to the register, hoping to pay for her purchase and slip away without crossing paths with her fellow customers. She was almost at the sales counter when she heard the woman say to the man, a bit more loudly than needed, "I'd like to try this one on, let's go over to the fitting room; it might take a little longer than changing out here but that's a little too slutty for me." Karen gritted her teeth and set her new suit on the counter.

The clerk smiled and said, "I think this will look good on you, but did you not see the signs? Everything in the store is on sale today, buy one, get one free. I can hold these here for you if you'd care to look for another suit you like." Karen had been thinking she just wanted to pay and leave, but the catty remark from the other woman shopping irked her; she thanked the clerk, but knowing how badly labeled the merchandise was, she kept her selections with her as she went back to the bins full of suits, practically bumping into the couple on her way. She couldn't help enjoying the appreciative look the man gave her, and even kind of liked the frosty look the woman gave her.

Using the suit she'd gone through so much to find as a guide, it only took Karen a couple of minutes to find another bikini top and bottom which seemed likely to fit her. She wouldn't normally have stopped looking as quickly as she did and settled for the thong in her hand, but her new plan required her to move fast; she took it into a fitting compartment and quickly undressed completely. She got into the new suit, a decidedly racier style in bright yellow, as fast as she could, finishing getting it on as she heard the curtain of the other woman's compartment slide open. She eavesdropped on the couple's conversation; as close as they all were to each other she couldn't really have avoided overhearing them, but she actually wanted to know what they were up to.

"What do you think, hon? Does it look good?" the woman asked.

"You look great in it, I like it!" he answered.

"Really? You're not just saying that to make me happy?

"Absolutely not! Sexy as hell!"

Karen heard the curtain close and opened her own curtain, stepping out just a few feet from the man, who smiled as he looked her over.

"You're the only guy in the place, can I bother you for an opinion?" Karen asked, pointing at her suit's two pieces.

"Ah, sure, I guess," he said, now looking a little nervous as he glanced at his companion's compartment, "It looks nice."

"Oh." she said as she spun slowly around, "Nice, inoffensive, or nice, sexy?"

"Ah, sexy, sure," he said quietly, looking more nervous.

"Okay, thanks a lot!" she said, smiling as she stepped back into her compartment and pulled its curtain closed. Mostly. Except for the last 6 inches of the opening, which she took care to leave unobstructed. With her back to the curtain, she untied the knot at the back of the top and lifted it over her head, hanging it on a hook. She trembled slightly and hesitated for a moment before sliding the suit's bottom down over her butt, but went ahead and dropped it to the floor. She bent at the waist to pick the bottom piece up, realizing only as she felt herself make contact with the edge of the curtain that as small as the compartment was, part of her ass had to be right at the gap next to the curtain. Now completely naked, she took her time hanging the second piece of her suit on the hook with the top, turning so her side was bound to be in view through the gap. Hearing the curtain at the neighboring compartment slide open, she quickly turned to face the gap she'd left, smiling at the slack-jawed man for just a second before pulling her compartment's curtain shut.

It took Karen a few minutes to stop shivering at the thought of her impulsive exposure. She had initially only intended to get a reaction from the man to the sight of her standing so close to him in a bikini. "What got into me once I was back in the compartment? I can't believe I stripped naked for some strange man just a few feet away!" she thought, "but I DID enjoy the look on his face." After her pulse came down to something like a normal rate she dressed and left the compartment. She noticed some cover-ups near the register and thought about the old one she had packed; it was pretty long and practically as thick as a bathrobe, and just didn't seem like a good match for either of her new suits or her recent state of mind, so she took advantage of the buy one, get one free deal one more time.

Returning to her resort a little past 3 PM, Karen laid out her new suits and cover-ups to decide which to wear out to the pool before dinner. She decided the more conservative combination would be best for relaxing at poolside; the pool area seemed a little too crowded to be comfortable wearing the thong and more revealing of the two cover-ups. She put on the dark blue bikini and the more opaque of the two cover-ups, which was fairly lightweight but had an abstract print pattern that concealed whatever was underneath pretty well. She had a leisurely swim, then spent the rest of the afternoon lounging by the pool, reading a book and nursing a daiquiri.

Thoroughly relaxed after her lazy late afternoon by the pool, Karen headed back to her room to change for dinner but noticed a lot of people at the outdoor seating area of the resort's restaurant dining in their swimwear. Several of the women were dressed in only their swimsuits; given the relaxed dress code, she decided to skip getting changed for dinner. She enjoyed her meal but wondered if any of her fellow diners had caught her act on the balcony the night before, and if so, did they recognize her now? She limited herself to a single glass of wine, thinking that she'd be less likely to do anything crazy if she kept her alcohol intake down. Even without having much to drink, she was surprised to find herself thinking not that something along the lines of the previous night's performance would be out of the question, but just that it would be best saved for her final night at the resort!

The sun was just setting as Karen finished her meal, so instead of going back to her room, she took a walk on the beach. There were still a fair number of people strolling along the water's edge as well as several having a twilight swim; realizing she hadn't had any time in the ocean today, she took off her cover-up and left it and her book behind on the sand to have a short swim. Her swim was actually more of a relaxing float, letting the waves gradually carry her back to shore. With the sun fully set the beach was getting to be nearly deserted, so she picked up her things and walked back towards the pool. Reaching the pool area she noticed several people lounging in a large hot tub; she thought since she was still wearing her swimsuit, joining them would be a good way to wrap up her day.

She almost changed her mind as she got close to the hot tub; when she was near enough to see the group already soaking, she saw what appeared to be three couples, all somewhere around college age, maybe just a couple of years older. She overcame her self consciousness, thinking that she could always just leave if things seemed too awkward, finding a spot far enough from the group to avoid intruding but near enough to join in the conversation if the opportunity arose.

She was relieved when the whole group welcomed her; one of the women led a round of introductions and urged Karen to move closer and join them. Karen immediately forgot most of their names but did catch the makeup of the group. The woman who welcomed her and one of the men were on their honeymoon, the other two women, one a skinny blonde and the other a curvy redhead, were married to each other, one of the men was here with his wife, who had turned in early, and the remaining man was here on his own; other than the newlyweds, none of them had met until they all happened to land in the hot tub together, so Karen was not crashing a private party.

Karen and her new companions traded some basic information about where they were from, what they did for a living, why they picked this spot for their vacation. When the talk turned towards family, everyone else mentioned siblings and parents, while Karen mentioned having a terrible ex-husband and a wonderful daughter. One of the female couple asked, "so your daughter is staying with your ex while you're on vacation?"

"Um, no, she lives with her husband."

As the surprised group tried to work out a range of possible ages for Karen, the small talk turned towards everyone sharing their age. Everyone except Karen turned out to be about as old as she had guessed, all between 19 and 23. When she hesitated to admit her age, the rest of the group kidded her and turned it into a guessing game. She enjoyed the fact that they all guessed too low, some by as much as a dozen years, then gave them a vague answer; "I'm actually older than any two of you combined, and my daughter is a few years older than any of you!"

The new bride reached into a bag at the edge of the tub and fished out a lighter and a couple of joints, offering them to be shared, "Anyone care to join me?" Everyone but Karen immediately said yes.

"How about you?" asked the bride.

"Wow, I don't know, I haven't done that since...I guess not since I was in my teens. Oh, why not, pass it on over!" Karen said, sliding closer to be able to pass the joint on and be ready for one to work its way around the circle.

A few minutes later the group was even more relaxed, each having taken several long tokes as the pair of joints traveled between them. At a lull in the conversation, the redhead said, "I hope none of you are offended, but I've been wearing this top all freaking day and the straps are digging into me; it needs to come off!" It was more of an announcement than a check to see if anyone minded, as she had it nearly off before she finished her sentence.

"No complaints here," said the single guy, "As a matter of fact I think if any of you other ladies are uncomfortable you should follow her lead!"

"How kind of you to be thinking of our comfort!" said the new bride with a smirk. "It would be more comfortable, but I'm not single anymore, I think I'd have to see if my husband objects." Her husband just shrugged and smiled, which was encouragement enough for her to pull her top off and toss it on the edge of the tub.

"My t-shirt hasn't exactly hidden anything since it got wet, so I might as well join the club," laughed the blonde as she pulled the shirt over her head, "besides, I think my wife is into seeing me undressed in public, and her getting excited is always in my best interest."

"Oh, man...I was just kidding, I didn't think any of you would actually take my suggestion!" the single guy said.

Even in the dimly lit hot tub, Karen could see him blushing. She had forgotten his name, but remembered his age; at 19 he was the youngest member of the group. She imagined he probably hadn't been in this sort of situation before. Something about his awkwardness made her want to mess with him; she untied the straps behind her neck and held them out in front of her, just high enough to keep her nipples covered and asked him, "You mean you didn't really want to see us all topless?"

"No, I mean, yes, for sure, but I didn't expect.."

"So should I take off my top or not?"

"Yes!" he said, sounding more sure of himself now.

"Hell yeah!" said the rest of the group.

Karen turned her back towards the young man and asked, "A little help with the knot, please?" She could feel his hands shake a little as he undid the knot; when she felt the straps come loose she turned to face him, still holding the top draped over her breasts before finally tossing it onto the deck surrounding the tub.

The man whose wife was sleeping in their room climbed out of the tub and excused himself, telling the group he hated to leave, "but if by some chance my wife woke up, came down, and found me in this group, she might get the wrong idea."

"You mean she'd be offended by this?" said the redhead as her spouse squeezed her ample boobs; they began to make out, as did the newlyweds, with the bride now straddling the groom!

"Not offended, exactly, but surely pissed at me. Thanks for a memorable evening," he said as he reluctantly turned and walked away.

"Wow, it's getting a little steamy in here," Karen whispered to the 19 year-old, "Too bad there's not some girl your age here for you to fool around with."

"Who says I need someone my age?" he asked.

"My God, he must be really horny to think...but I guess no more than I am," she thought to herself as she leaned on his shoulder with her right hand, then whispered in his ear, "Dude, are you forgetting I'm old enough to be your Mom?"

"Trust me, you do NOT look anything like my Mom!"

"Well, I'm glad to hear that, this would be even weirder if I did!" she said as she leaned into him, feeling a small jolt as her right breast pressed against his left arm. She felt a somewhat stronger jolt a second later as his free right hand found her left breast and gently squeezed it. They began kissing; several minutes of intense making out later, each of them began letting at least one hand drift lower until Karen stopped his hand just below her navel.

"This is fun, but I don't want you going there...sorry." she said between kisses."

"Whatever you say, I thought you were okay with it, considering what you were doing," he said, more than a little confused at being stopped several inches from the edge of her suit while her right hand had already worked its way under the waistband of his trunks!

"What can I say, I like to have things my own way; would you rather I stopped what I'm doing too?" she whispered as she stretched the elastic enough to free his hard-on and began stroking it.

"Uhhhm, no! he managed to reply.

"Then just keep kissing me and relax.."

"Just a regular night on vacation," thought Karen as she continued stroking her partner's dick, "Hanging out half-naked in public, a nice little buzz going and giving a cute stranger a handjob a few feet away from four other people...no big deal!" Lost in her thoughts and more than a little distracted by the attention her nipples were receiving, she didn't recognize how close she was to getting her partner to come until he tensed up and grunted. As she felt his cock begin to soften she wished she had been able to get a good look at it when erect; going just by what it felt like in her hand she was pretty sure it was the thickest she had ever handled, and probably the longest as well. She couldn't help wondering what it would be like to have it inside her, though clearly that wouldn't have been possible in this setting. She was amazed to find herself trying to think of some way to get away with getting laid in public!

The group all said their good-nights soon after Karen tucked her partner's cock back into his trunks, most, she guessed, heading back to their rooms to finish what they'd started here. She put on her cover-up and walked back to her room, looking forward to a session with her vibrator. She stripped naked as soon as the door to her room closed behind her and brought her vibe out to the balcony, but kept the lights off and settled into a lounge chair well below the edge of the railing. The memories of her various bits of wildness so far on this vacation didn't leave her toy much work to do; she felt herself approach the edge of her orgasm and all too soon felt herself falling helplessly deep into it.

Waking slowly in mid-morning on the final full day of her stay at the resort, Karen promised herself a calmer day than the previous few had been. "A bit of brunch, some quality time lounging around at the beach and a quiet dinner before packing up to be ready for departure tomorrow." she thought, "I've spent more than enough time expanding my comfort zone for one vacation!" She dressed in a tank top, shorts and sandals and went down to the courtyard dining area for brunch, catching up on her email while waiting to be served. Something in her inbox triggered her memory, "Sam! His name is Sam!" she whispered to herself, remembering the name of the young guy she'd jerked off the night before. "At least I'll be able to greet him properly if we bump into each other!" she thought, letting her imagination run free for a moment about how a second meeting with him might go.

After brunch, Karen went back to her room and dressed for her day at the beach. She hadn't hung the bikini she'd worn yesterday up when she got back to her room the night before; it was still in a soggy pile on the bathroom floor and had who knows what on it after the goings-on at the hot tub, so she put on her other new bikini. She figured the odds of her ever wearing the thong and skimpy top back at a local beach were slim and there was just no way she'd let herself be seen in it at a pool party at some friend's home, so despite being a little self-conscious wearing such a minimal suit she was glad to at least get some use out of it.

As soon as she had the thong on, it was clear the cut of the new suit would require a fair amount of pubic hair grooming; after twice underestimating just how much hair needed to be removed, she finally decided to solve the problem by carefully shaving every last bit of her pubes off. Even though she'd be the only person to see her bald mound, it felt just a bit daring, adding to the little thrill wearing such a racy suit was already giving her.

The cover-up she'd worn yesterday had gotten grubby at the edge of the tub as well, so she put on the other new one she had bought during her trip. It occurred to her that it would have made sense to wear this cover-up with the less revealing suit, since this one was made of a fairly open weave fishnet fabric; from a distance it might seem reasonably modest, but up close it really didn't hide much. She felt more comfortable in her outfit once she reached the beach, seeing many women wearing more revealing swimsuits than hers, including many going topless and a few completely naked!

Deciding to set up camp fairly far from her hotel's entrance to the beach in order to avoid crossing paths with anyone who'd seen her more flagrant behavior during the past several days, Karen hiked a couple hundred yards down the beach before setting out her towel. She gave herself a good coating of sunscreen, taking particular care to cover several areas not accustomed to the rays of the sun, then settled in for a long afternoon of lounging. She read a book for a while, had a dip in the warm ocean water, then reapplied sunscreen before having a nap. When she woke up, she wondered what time it was, having intentionally left her phone back in her room to avoid getting sucked into its many distractions. She made a guess that it must be at least 4:00 PM based on the position of the sun.

With the time left in her vacation growing short, and her portion of beach sparsely populated, Karen thought this was probably as good an opportunity as she'd ever have to give going topless a try. Taking one more look around to be sure no one was paying particular attention to her, she untied the straps on her top and let it fall away. She gave her breasts a good coat of sunscreen and went back to lounging on her towel. She liked the novel feeling of the sun on her naked breasts, making a note to find someplace where she could duplicate this feeling back at home. She dashed down to the water and bobbed around for a while.

She was just about to come out of the water when a group of people walked along her section of beach carting a bunch of gear. The three men and four women stopped and set down their stuff no more than 100 feet from her spot; since they appeared to be setting up a fairly elaborate base they clearly weren't going anywhere soon. She'd just have to live with a few more people seeing her topless, at least until she could get back to her spot; "Not such a big deal, considering what I've already gotten up to on this trip," she thought, smiling as she began wading towards the beach.

She was relieved when none of the newcomers seemed to notice her as she walked out of the water, but was surprised to also feel a little disappointed. She had planned to put her top back on as soon as she got back to it, but since the newcomers didn't seem to be paying any attention to her she decided to enjoy her new freedom for a while longer, reapplying sunscreen and going back to reading her book. A few minutes later she had gotten involved in the story deeply enough to not notice one of the newcomers approaching. By the time she noticed the young man coming her way, he was less than a dozen feet away. Trying to act nonchalant despite having this stranger invading her personal space while she was practically naked, she calmly put down her book and said hello.

He introduced himself, apologized for intruding, and asked if she'd be willing to join in their volleyball game, explaining that they either needed to get a volunteer to even the sides or one of their group would be reduced to being a spectator. Karen took in the key points of his hurried introduction and explanation for approaching her, but was only half paying attention as she was thinking, "Why did they send a man to talk to me...or maybe he volunteered to be the one to come over?" She was impressed that he was managing to make eye contact despite her breasts being uncovered; when he was done making his request she answered, "I haven't played in years and years, but sure, why not. Give me a minute to get my top on and I'll be right over."

Once Karen joined the group, there was a quick round of introductions before they split up into two teams. It seemed that the group was just a bunch of friends vacationing together, without any obvious couples; she guessed that they were somewhere in their late twenties. Once the teams were decided she managed to at least get her teammates names straight. Donna, Madison, and Liz all looked to be in pretty good shape; Karen hoped she could at least hold her own with this bunch.

As the first set progressed, Karen got in touch with her teenage self; she'd been a starter on her high school's varsity volleyball team during her Sophomore and Junior years, but getting pregnant in the summer before her Senior year put an end to her athletic career. After a slow start, she was serving at least as well as any of her teammates and, was making some great saves, not hesitating to dive in the sand for a dig a few times. She helped win the first set with a great block of an attempted spike by one of the guys on the other team. She was really enjoying the competition, going all out and diving all over the sandy court. The group played three full 21 point sets, then took a break.

Once she sat for a minute, Karen began to feel the effects of her strenuous play; she was also getting a bit irritated by the sand clinging to her sweaty, sunscreen coated body. A cold beer from her new friends' cooler helped ease her aches and itching. With the sun closing in on the horizon, the group all agreed one more set was about all they could fit in. The final set took a while to be finished, as neither team could get two points ahead at the end until Karen hit the ball out, giving the other team the win.

"Sorry to let you down," Karen told her teammates.

"Are you kidding? You've been great!" Donna said. Madison and Liz agreed, praising her game.

"You look like you've got half the beach stuck on you, you're probably going to want to rinse off before going back to your room," laughed Liz.

"Yeah, I hadn't noticed how coarse this beach's sand is until I started throwing myself on it. It's worked its way into places I'd rather not ever have sand reach, so I think I'll have that swim," Karen said, adding, "Thanks for letting me join in your game!" as she headed for the water. The rest of the volleyball crew was already packing up their gear in the fading light as she began wading into the water.

Karen felt most of the sand covering her being rinsed away by the waves, but knew the sand which had worked its way inside her bikini wasn't going to be washed away so easily. Since the sand in her suit was responsible for most of the irritation she was feeling she waded out far enough to have water up to her waist, then slipped out of her thong and shook the sand still clinging to it off. Since she'd spent a fair amount of time topless already in this visit to the beach and it was already getting dark, she didn't hesitate to take off her top; she held it in the water to let the waves rinse the sand out. With both parts of her suit pretty much free of sand she was about to put them on and wade back to shore, but paused for a moment, enjoying the feeling of the warm water enveloping her without anything restricting her.

The warm salt water, darkening sky, now with stars coming out, and sound of the waves gently breaking on the beach, all felt too perfect to leave so soon. She hung both pieces of her suit over her head like a necklace and lay back to float and gaze at the stars. As the sky grew darker she was amazed at how many stars were visible, so many more than ever could be seen back at home. She floated for almost half an hour, checking every few minutes to be sure she wasn't drifting too far from the beach.

While she wasn't getting farther away from the beach, the waves were taking her away from her starting point towards a somewhat deeper area, with some higher waves. Karen decided to stop floating and wade in to shore, but when she tried to stand up in what she thought was waist-high water she slipped completely underwater, quickly sinking several feet below the surface without ever touching the bottom! She wasn't a strong swimmer, so she was alarmed to find herself unexpectedly in deep water; she kicked herself back to the surface and began swimming hard towards the shore. She didn't try wading again until she was absolutely sure she was in shallow water, laughing as she found herself in water less than two feet deep. She stood up and only needed a few steps to be on dry ground.

Relieved to be back on solid ground, she chided herself as she began hiking back to where she'd left her tote bag and towel, "Not too smart, Karen, swimming alone, in an unfamiliar setting, in the dark; but no harm done in the end, and that floating under the stars was wonderful until it got scary."

Though she couldn't see or hear anyone else on her stretch of beach she wondered if it was time to give up being naked; she was enjoying the feeling of warm breezes all over her body, and even if someone was around they probably wouldn't be able to see her clearly by starlight. "But what if they had a flashlight..." she thought, enjoying a small shiver as she imagined suddenly being caught. As intriguing as the possibility was, she decided it was time to put her suit back on; she reached for the two small pieces of fabric draped around her neck...which she was now surprised to find were no longer where she had left them, presumably now drifting a few dozen yards away from the beach, having most likely floated away when she sank below the surface. Her only clothing, gone.

The realization that the little bit of clothing she had been wearing most of the day was irretrievably lost shook Karen up. Showing some skin, even a lot of skin, was one thing if it was a choice, but felt like a very different thing now that her nudity was no longer optional. As much as she had been enjoying her uncharacteristic flaunting of her body during this trip, having no choice about being naked was pretty terrifying. She quickened her pace, then broke into a jog, wanting nothing in the world more than to retrieve the cover-up from her tote bag and put it on.

Karen slowed to a walk when she realized she was back to the general area where she'd left her towel and tote bag. She paced all around the area but saw nothing except sand; she was beginning to really worry, but remembered seeing the bag from where she had waded into the ocean after playing volleyball. She hadn't seen many people on the beach as it had been getting dark, and didn't think anyone would have bothered stealing her well-worn tote bag, paperback, tube of sunscreen and a cheap cover-up. She began a more organized search, walking back and forth in a kind of gridded search pattern centered on her best guess about where she'd set out her towel and extending a long distance out from the center. After at least a half-hour of systematic searching, she reluctantly gave up, certain that if her things had still been where she'd left them she'd surely have found them by now.

Karen sat down and tried to guess how and why her possessions had disappeared; pondering the mystery didn't seem likely to solve her problems, but it distracted her from thinking about how she was going to get back to her room in her current state. Eventually, she couldn't keep her mind off a vision of herself walking naked through the hotel grounds and building to get to her room, "My room for which I no longer have a card key to unlock the door!" she whispered to herself, remembering how she'd been using the slim piece of plastic as a bookmark a few hours ago.

The realization that she couldn't get into her room even if she could somehow bear getting there reminded her about the newlyweds she'd met in the hot tub the previous night describing something like her own experience, minus the nudity; her mildly buzzed state when she had heard the story had probably kept her from recalling it up to now. They had left a bag on the beach, but since they had two keys hadn't had a problem getting back into their room. A hotel staffer had brought the missing bag to their room before they'd even missed it, explaining that they made a sweep of the beach every day just before sunset.

"That has to be what happened to my stuff!" Karen thought, briefly elated to think she'd be able to get her things back. Her excitement was short-lived, as she quickly realized that she was not much better off; instead of walking naked all the way to the front desk to get a new card key, she'd have to walk to the same place in the same state to retrieve her original card key, along with the rest of her stuff. About the only advantage she could see to the new scenario was the possibility of being able to put on her cover-up for the last leg of the trip back to her room. Considering the various obstacles scattered along her route to the front desk from her current position on the beach, not getting into some sort of clothing until that point seemed like it would be too little, too late.

Despite already having done some, at least by her standards, pretty damned outrageous things during this trip, Karen felt more nervous now than she could ever remember being. During every one of her previous episodes exposing herself one way or another over the last few days, there had always been an option of backing off and ending her exposure if it felt too intense. This time was different; she had nowhere to retreat to, no option to put clothing on, and once she began, no control over who might see her.

After trying hard to think of some other way, pretty much any other way, to get back to her room, Karen stood and slowly started up the path connecting the hotel grounds to the beach. As she came around the last turn she could see the pool and hot tub just past the end of the path; her legs felt like rubber as she stepped off the path and began her trip around the pool. She saw a few college-age guys hanging out in the pool a few seconds before they spotted her, erupting in goosebumps as she heard their reactions to her sudden appearance.

"Holy shit, look!"

"Wow, that's hot!"

"C'mon in babe!"

"Un-freaking real!"

Karen didn't say anything, but managed to give her admirers in the pool a quick wave and even smiled as she looked their way. As nervous as she was, she was just glad they didn't say anything too rude, or worse yet, get out of the pool to approach her. She was also relieved that none of the half dozen young men came out of the pool for another reason; for at least this part of her trek it looked like nobody had been ready to capture pictures of her nudity, "Or maybe even a video..." she thought, quivering a bit at the idea that it was possible videos immortalizing her naked journey would be online before she even made it to her room.

Having managed to get past the pool area, Karen ducked over to a stair connecting all four levels of the hotel. She was pretty pleased to have come up with this part of her plan; though the front desk she needed to reach was on the same level as the pool, by using the stair she could go up one floor, bypass the busy restaurant and bar currently between her position and the front desk, and come back down with only the lobby near the front desk to be navigated. As late as it was, she thought the lobby was certain to have fewer people to witness her nudity than the restaurant and bar; with a little luck, she might get through this ordeal having only being seen by the guys in the pool and one or two hotel employees at the front desk! Having already made it through the pool area, the rest of her route seemed almost too safe; she was surprised to find herself wishing it had been just a little more of a challenge.

When she reached the door to the stair Karen grabbed the handle and instantly realized she had a much bigger challenge than she thought. The door was locked, its handle working only from the inside. Or, of course, operable from where she stood if you had a card key.

She was hopelessly stuck between the restaurant and the pool, needing to choose, pretty quickly, which of her two bad options she should take. She could retreat back to the darkness of the beach and try to think of some other way to make it to the front desk, but since she'd already spent a considerable chunk of time trying and failing to do this, about the only thing this option had going for it was the enjoyment it would bring to the guys in the pool. She didn't exactly mind giving them an encore, they'd already seen everything, but this option wouldn't get her any closer to her goal.

The other option could eventually get her back to her room, but she cringed at the thought of what she'd need to do to get there. "I can't believe I'm even considering it, but I don't see any other way," she thought, trying to psych herself up enough to go through with it. She thought about each part of her new route and decided it was all bad, really bad, but she didn't see any other option. Her heart was already pounding as she began to move towards her next challenge.

Karen left the locked stair door behind and moved towards her next destination; she walked along the low wall enclosing the courtyard seating area of the restaurant, her head above the top edge but the rest of her hidden by the brick wall for the time being. She scanned the area to see how many people were still at the tables. The good news was that there were fewer diners than she feared, somewhere between sixteen and twenty as near as she could see, plus a few waiters and a busboy. The bad news was their location. Possibly to make serving these late-arriving customers as efficient as possible, they had all been seated near the wide center aisle running between the doors to the indoor portion of the restaurant and the opening in the wall leading out to the pool area. The gap in the wall was where Karen was headed and the doors to the restaurant were her next destination, so her route would force her to pass within a few feet of all the remaining diners!

Just before reaching the entrance to the dining area Karen froze as she noticed a man at one of the tables look her way, then look away briefly before turning to face her again! She had hoped to be able to make it at least part of the way towards the tables before being noticed, especially with her route bringing her so close to her audience, but now she knew she would be watched during her entire time in the area. Quivering at the edge of the opening in the wall, she returned the man's gaze and told herself that she had no other option but to carry out her plan.

For the few seconds it took Karen to walk up the four steps at the gap in the wall to the level of the diners, the man who had first noticed her seemed to still be the only diner to notice her. Despite trembling as she began what felt like the longest sixty-foot walk of her life, she couldn't help but smile when she saw the effect she was having on her one-man audience; his mouth dropped open and he actually dribbled some food out onto his plate, distracting the woman sharing his table from noticing Karen herself for a moment. "Are you alright?" the woman asked. Still unable to talk, the man simply pointed at Karen, who was now around a third of the way to the doors, trying and mostly failing to cover herself with her hands.

The small commotion caused by the first person to notice the smiling naked woman walking towards them made all the other diners look up from their food and their companions. Barely halfway to the restaurant doors, Karen couldn't help pausing for a second as she saw the every head turn towards her. Every instinct was telling her to turn and run away; she was totally nude, people were staring at her and she was actually approaching them, none of which made any sense to her at all.

She remembered what she needed to do and began moving again, striding by the shocked people at either side of the aisle at a brisk walking pace. The sound of her pulse thumping in her ears kept her from hearing clearly most of the comments coming from the diners, but she could make out the sounds of a few people clapping and at least one loud whistle, so she guessed at least some of her audience was enjoying her show. She gave up trying to cover up with her hands in favor of giving her viewers a wave as she passed by. When she approached the restaurant doors one of the waiters actually held the door open for her; she wished she had something to tip him with, but the smile on his face made it clear she had already given him some enjoyment! The appreciative reactions eased her anxiety somewhat, with some of her nervousness morphing into excitement; while she never would have done what she was doing now voluntarily, she couldn't help being a little bit proud that she'd had the nerve to get this far!

Stepping into the indoor dining room, Karen was relieved to see even fewer people finishing up their dinner there than had already seen her outside. She hadn't been able to see what kind of a crowd she was about to appear in front of from outside, so she was relieved to have so small an audience. Given the beautiful weather, she was surprised anyone would choose the indoor space over the courtyard restaurant, but the small group indoors meant fewer people left for her to flash on her way to the front desk, a small mercy. She couldn't help laughing as she thought to herself, "This is what I've turned into, I'm now content to be naked in public as long as my audience isn't too big!"

She didn't hear any comments, but took the crash of a tray full of dishes hitting the floor as a sign her entrance had not gone unnoticed. Knowing she had made an impression, she chose to take the clatter as a weird sort of compliment.

Distracted by her attempt to count heads and take in the reactions of her new audience, Karen didn't notice the head waiter rushing over to confront her until she literally bumped into him. He had stepped into her path and held up his hands motioning for her to stop, but she didn't see him in time to stop before briefly pressing her breasts into his upturned palms.

"Sorry!" she said, giggling as he backed away.

"I'm sorry, Miss, but I must ask you to leave, you simply can not be served in your current state."

"I understand, what's the line, No shoes, no shirt, no service?"

"Among other things," he replied, unable to keep himself from glancing down at her hairless pussy.

"No problem, I'm not looking for a meal, I'm just trying to get to the front desk so I can get back to my room," Karen replied, thinking how surreal her evening had become as she stood stark naked in a fancy restaurant, having a conversation with this nervous little man, "and why is HE the nervous one when I'm the one without any clothes on?"

"Very well, go on then," he said, stepping out of her way.

Karen resumed walking towards the lobby, hoping to be able to get through the bar, her final obstacle, with no more trouble than this room had given her. There was no door separating the restaurant from the bar, so by the time she was within twenty feet of the transition between the two spaces she could see that the bar might be more difficult to pass through than any of the spaces she'd walked through already. She stopped around a dozen feet from the entrance, taking a moment to consider her situation.

The bar was darker, "Probably a good thing," she thought.

It was also smaller, no more than thirty feet square including the bar itself, "Also good,"

Much louder, with speakers blasting music, "Not sure if that makes any difference."

But it was more crowded, way more. There were at least a dozen clusters of people, with barely any space between groups and what space there was taken up by a few tables, "How in hell am I supposed to make it through all that?" she moaned, "Not without a lot of contact, I'm sure!" she said, quivering as she thought how little control of her fate she would have once she entered the bar. She reminded herself that she really didn't have much of a choice; the waiter she'd spoken with was still close behind her, clearly making sure she was going to stop being his problem.

"Okay, then, let's get this over with!" Karen said to herself as she took a wobbly step forward. Her pulse rising again as she passed from the sedate restaurant to the buzzing bar, she was relieved that people's reactions were surprisingly subdued; she definitely drew a lot of stares as she entered the room - in a handful of minutes it seemed like everyone in the place had noticed her. She saw several people pointing at her and shouting to each other over the music, but nobody actually confronted her. She wished she could hear what was being said about her, but the volume of the music made that impossible. She made it almost halfway through the bar just by shouting, "Excuse me!" at a couple of people blocking her path before she finally encountered a blockage that resisted her requests.

Karen was about to give up and try another route when a gap opened, allowing her to proceed; her progress came to a halt almost immediately, as she found herself surrounded by a cluster of young men, who were glad enough to let her into their circle but showed no sign of making way for her to continue past them. They crowded in close around her and leaned in to ask questions.

"Why are you naked?"

"Are you here with anyone?"

"Is this some kind of dare?"

She answered each of the questions, which were mixed in with some compliments on her bravery, her apparent calm, and eventually, inevitably, compliments on her body. As the conversation went on, Karen began to notice hands touching her. At first, just a light touch on her upper arm, then on her shoulder when one of them leaned in to speak, then a hand at the small of her back as she leaned over to say something, followed by an arm around her waist. As wired as she was by this point, she was tempted to see how much the horny group surrounding her would try to get away with. "Surely nothing more than a little groping," she thought as she felt the first gentle squeezes of her ass, "wow, that feels like two different people doing that!"

When one of the men surrounding her ratcheted up the level of groping by reaching around from behind her and grabbing her breasts, she broke through the fog of pleasure which had begun to sweep her away, brushing away the offending hands kneading her butt and boobs, shouting loudly enough to be heard over the music, "EXCUSE ME, PLEASE LET ME GO!" With all eyes on the group surrounding her, they spread out and let her pass through their blockade.

She got another six feet closer to being clear of the bar area before another barrier formed around her; she was about to scream another demand to be allowed to pass when she recognized most of the new group as acquaintances from her hot tub visit the night before!

The newlyweds, the lesbian couple, Sam and another guy she hadn't met last night all gathered around her; where the previous group had closed around her as predators, this group moved close to provide shelter. She gave each of them a hug, lingering a while when she got to Sam, and laughed as they asked most of the same questions as the group of predators had just a few minutes ago. She explained how she'd come to be stranded in the nude and how she'd made it this far. Upon hearing she wasn't naked by her own choice, Sam offered her the loan of his shirt until she could be reunited with some clothing of her own.

By this point, she almost had stopped caring that she was naked but thought it would be nice to see Sam half-dressed again, so she accepted his offer, putting on, but only fastening the two lowest buttons of his light linen shirt. The shirttails in front were just long enough to cover her pussy, except when she raised her arm to describe some part of her adventure, which she seemed to need to do fairly often. The back of the shirt was almost long enough to cover her ass, but even at rest left a little bit of her cheeks visible. The newlyweds bought a round of tequila shots, giving her an excuse to raise her shot high overhead while making a toast. The lesbian couple provided the group with another round, to everyone's enjoyment.

The group began to fade after a few rounds of shots and began to say their goodnights. Without either one even mentioning it, Sam accompanied Karen to the front desk, where sure enough, her tote bag was waiting for her with everything she'd left in it still in place.

Standing close together as the elevator clanked its way to her floor, Karen asked Sam, "Do you want your shirt back now, or can you wait until we get to my room?"

"I can wait."

"Good answer," she said as they began making out before the elevator doors opened.

The next morning Karen slept soundly through her alarm, the three hours of sleep she'd had by then proving not nearly enough after her action-packed day, let alone her busy night. She missed breakfast entirely, dashing frantically around her room and stuffing her belongings into her suitcase in whatever order she found them. The only things she didn't pack were her purse, a skirt which she put on just before leaving her room, and the shirt she woke up in.

She paused briefly to spend one last moment on the balcony, the setting for so many of this vacation's memorable events. She turned off the string of lights hung above the table, left on overnight, smiling as she thought about the behavior they had illuminated, up to and definitely including last night.

She took a photo or two of the balcony, but couldn't linger with her new memories; all the haste she could make barely got her to the airport in time to catch her flight home. Just before the flight attendant made the usual announcement about setting devices to Airplane mode she managed to send her daughter a brief text, "Best. Vacation. Ever." along with a photo of her on the plane wearing her new linen shirt.
