Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night)

NOTE: This one is a little different. I wrote two version of the same text twice. In this case, almost like two different POV's of the same scene using the same text… er… it's an experiement.

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: … "…lick whipped cream …"
Warning: Girls talk dirty too… but you already know that.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Cissnei and Gun, talking about a young recruit.
POV: Cissnei

WHIP CREAM 1

Gun smiled brightly as she looked down at the courtyard. Cissnei could see her licking her lips and humming.

It was the day the new recruits strutted their stuff and the young and agile men were on display for all to see. Gun was blatant about how much she enjoyed watching the young men, who were usually shirtless and often sweaty.

"Hey, Cissnei. There are some yummies down there this time around," Gun said and waved her over. "Look at that guy over there with the short dark hair and grey shorts. He's got quite a butt on him."

Cissnei leaned over the rail and viewed the sight of the young men, all working hard as Angeal barked orders at them. Some of the new recruits were more impressive than others and had conditioned themselves before they went for training.

She scanned them and didn't find one to her liking. She much preferred to look at Angeal than the younger men. There were a few of the teenagers that would grow up into the type of man she liked if they conditioned themselves right.

"Oooh, look at that one there. Aaaww, he's so cute," Gun said and pointed out to the smallest man on the field. He also looked like he was the youngest. He was well toned for his small size, even if he was on the lean side of things. He had a wild nest of bright yellow hair and she knew that it was what Gun was drawn to. She always did like the blonds.

"Yeah, he's cute," Cissnei said. He was too cute to be a SOLDIER. He would be eaten alive in no time.

"Oh. Not in the 'just-wanna-rip-his-clothes-off' type of way but in the 'I-wanna-put-him-in-my-pocket-and-keep-him-as-a-pet' sort of way," Gun crooned as she looked over at the poor unsuspecting cadet.

Cissnei rolled her eyes. "And occasionally lick whipped cream off them abs." She had meant this sarcastically.

Gun hummed and licked her lips. "Exactly!"

AND NOW DIFFERENT TWIST ON THE SAME TEXT

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: … "…lick whipped cream …"
Warning: well… Gen and Seph are pervs.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Angeal, Sephiroth and Genesis
POV: Genesis

WHIP CREAM 2

Genesis was admiring the new recruits as they went through the sword routines. They were all doing quite well, which pleased him, and what pleased him more was that they all were quite handsome in appearance.

Most had trained before they joined and those without the well-developed abs that he liked to touch - not quite rock hard, but not soft, either - and the others would get ousted or left in the security force.

Angeal barked at them to change their stance and then obeyed. The smallest of the recruits stumbled a bit, but was proud enough to get his footing back and continue as if he had done nothing wrong.

He heard Sephiroth groan. He looked to see where the green eyes were focused and saw that they were on the little wild yellow-haired recruit. "He's cute, isn't he?" Genesis whispered into Sephiroth's ear.

Sephiroth nodded. "Yes, he is, but not in the 'I-want-to-rip-off-his-clothes' sort of way."

Genesis hummed. "He is more of the 'I-want-to-put-him-in-my-pocket-and-keep-him-as-a-pet,' type."

Sephiroth nodded in agreement as they watched the young man raise his sword above his head in a pose that showed how lean and agile that body was, and did a downward slash. Genesis watched in awe as the young man panted slightly and came to the rest pose. Sephiroth licked his lips. "And occasionally lick whipped cream off his abs."

Genesis smirked. "Exactly!"

Angeal turned on them. "If you two are going to talk like that, at least keep it down!"

"Aaw he's cute...not in a i wanna rip his clothes off way more of a put him in my pocket and keep him as a pet / And occasionally lick whipped cream off them abs / Exactly." Full inspirational text.

Cloud sure is getting a lot of attention…