Author: Influencing Machine
Title: Film
Summary: Awoman sees a film that really sticks in her mind.
Keywords: mc, mf, md,
Language: English

"Film"

by Influencing Machine 

MC, MF, MD

Disclaimer: This story is adult in nature, but written from the viewpoint that the 
mind is the strongest erotic zone. It is therefore not suitable for the easily 
offended, or those wanting out and out porn.

Scene One

Inside the "Flicker" film club: members only night.  Dark, smoky, full of people 
either watching the screen far too intently, or not watching the screen at all.

Cut to close up of a woman.  She looks bored, as if she's been coming to the 
same place, every week, for as long as she could remember.  She used to get a 
thrill from coming here: the conspiratorial back street entrance, the feeling 
that you could see anything here, and no-one would be shocked by anything you 
did, but eventually even transgression can get dull. She is starting to think it 
might be time to leave when she feels a prickle run up her spine.  

Cut to screen.  Someone being hypnotised in the film that has just started.  

Cut to woman.  Her eyes are fixed on the screen, anything like that grabs her 
attention, and this has been done very well.  The film is at the avant-garde end 
of erotic, slightly pretentious but still engrossing: giving impressions and 
allowing the viewer to project their fantasies onto it, rather than leaving 
nothing to the imagination.

We see the action of the film played out on her face as we cut between the film 
and her.  The face of the hypnotist merges into the subject and then the woman, 
who sometimes reflects the look of command she is watching, sometimes sleepiness 
or blank eyed trance.  It becomes difficult to tell who is who as eyes fill the 
screen, the regular pulse of changing image becoming hypnotic in itself.

Screen suddenly fills with white light.

Cut to woman.  She shakes herself back to reality - the film has ended and she 
hadn't realised how engrossed she had become.  She scans the room, hoping no-one 
has seen.

Cut to man, looking directly at her.

Cut to woman.  She stares into her drink, blushing, she isn't sure how obvious 
her absorption had been.

Cut to man, coming over to her.  He sits down next to her, drawing the chair 
around to face her better.

Him: (pleasant and friendly) "Did you like my film?  I see you in here a lot, 
but you don't usually seem interested in anything."

Cut to woman.  She looks as if she was going to make an acidic response, but it 
died before it reached her mouth.  She's disarmed by something about him.

Her: (hesitantly) "Er ... yeah, did you make that last one then?  It was really 
good."

Cut to man, he smiles.

Him: "Yeah, I'm glad you liked it.  I've wanted to talk to you for a while now, 
and when I saw you ... enjoying the film I thought we might have something in 
common.  You never seem very happy, I wanted to see if I could do anything."  

Cut to woman. She seems to be strangely affected by his eyes, his voice, as if 
she isn't able to think properly.

Her: "Oh ... like what?"

Him: "Well, maybe I could take away whatever makes you frown all the time."

Cut to woman.  She laughs, slightly embarrassed.  

Her: "Oh, I doubt it, I think that's just what my mind does to me."

Cut to man. He looks at her as if he'd understood exactly what she'd meant, 
whether she'd intended him to or not.

Him: (slowly) "Why don't we play a little game?"

Cut to woman.  She seems completely drawn in by this stranger, perhaps a part of 
her is screaming that she should run away, but she can't seem to stop talking to 
him.

Her: "What?"

Him: "Well, you don't have to do anything.  Just look in my eyes, and I'll talk 
to you."

Cut to woman.  She's looking into his eyes in spite of herself.  They seemed to 
have trapped her.  She's starting to feel as if everything is falling away; a 
part of her knows what is happening but she doesn't seem to want it to stop.

Her: "What? ... Why?"

Him: "Shh ... it's OK, just relax..."

He says some more but we can't make out the words as it gets quieter and 
quieter.

Fade out.



Scene Two

Fade in.

The woman is lying down on a bed, slowly opening her eyes.

Him: "...you're waking up a little now, you still feel calm and safe, but it's 
too much effort to move.  You can talk to me, and you want to be completely 
open, there's no need to hide anything, you trust me completely..."

Cut to close up of a woman.  She's smiling as if she feels great.

Him: (softly) "How do you feel?"

Her: (smiling sleepily) "Fantastic."

Cut to man.  He smiles back at her.

Him: "Your frown's gone."

He looks as if he is trying to decide how much to say.

Him: "Do you mind me bringing you here?"

Cut to woman. She looks confused, as if she can't understand how she could mind 
anything this wonderful person did.

Her: "Of course not!"

She starts to look as if there is a slight nagging at the back of her mind, that 
she can't quite get a grip on.

Cut to man.  He's seen it.

Him: "Is there anything the matter?  You can tell me anything."

Her: "Did you... did we?"

Him: "We didn't have sex, is that what you mean?"

Cut to woman. She nods, looking relieved.

Cut to man, looking slightly concerned.

Him: "I just ... convinced you to come here, and put you on the bed.  I'm afraid 
I put some subliminal suggestions in the film, I could see that you'd taken them 
in, so I took advantage of it.  I hope that's OK."

Cut to woman.  Her eyes glaze over slightly.

Her: "That's fine, you can do anything you want."

Cut to man, looking embarrassed, but amused.  He strokes her body 
absentmindedly, concentrating on areas that she seems to enjoy most.

Him: "You are aware that you've been manipulated into feeling like this, aren't 
you?"

Her: "I don't care.  It all feels so natural ..."

Him: "... and it is, it's perfectly natural to be lying in the bed of a man 
you've never met before, obedient to his every suggestion."

Her: "Good. I thought it was."

Cut to woman.  She smiles happily and closes her eyes as if the matter is ended.  
He laughs gently and strokes her forehead with an upwards motion.

Him: (whispered) "Hey, wake up, I wanted to ask you something"

She frowns slightly as she opens her eyes, as if she didn't want to have to 
think about anything.

Him: "Shh ... don't worry, it's the last decision you'll have to make.  OK?"

Her: "OK."

She sounds relieved, as if he's promising exactly what she has always wanted.  
She can't remember if she wanted to be controlled like this before this evening, 
but now she feels as if her fantasies are coming to life.  Everything the man 
says seems to fill her mind, leaving no room for her own thoughts, and it seems 
so much easier to obey his words without question.

Him: "Do you want to be awake when I fuck you?"

She looks as if her mind is spinning, as if she'd been expecting something else, 
but realises that he already knows he can do whatever he wants to her.  She 
doesn't seem to have any thoughts of resistance, but struggles to answer his 
question.

Her: "I ... I don't know, maybe ..., kind of ... but not really ..."

Him: "OK, that's fine, you don't need to think any more."

Cut to man. He smiles, and strokes her forehead downwards.

Long shot of them both on the bed.  The scene is shot as if it is happening in a 
dream, sometimes in very sharp focus sometimes blurred and ambiguous.  The woman 
is becoming even sleepier and he moves her around without her resisting, she has 
no control over her body and does whatever he suggests.  He whispers commands as 
he caresses between her legs.

Him: "The more you please me, the more aroused you become.  The more you obey 
without question, the more you please me.  The more aroused you get, the more 
you want to obey me..."

The woman is breathing hard, and he moves his mouth to her ear, speaking gently 
into her empty head.

Him: "It feels so good as you let me into your mind, it feels so good as you let 
me between your legs, it feels so good as you let me into your mind, it feels so 
good as you let me between your legs ..."

He moves his cock into her slowly.  She wriggles down gratefully.

Him: "You like to obey me, it feels good to obey me, it's arousing to obey me, 
you like to obey me..."

Her breath comes in gasps and she grinds her hips in time with his words.

Him: " ... obedience ... arousal ... obedience ... arousal ... obedience ...

The scene becomes less linear: close ups of parts of the body, her face  
transfigured by surrender, his eyes watching her intently.  He is talking all 
the time, as he holds her down and slides in and out of her, but we can't make 
out what he is saying, as layers of sound overlap and mingle with the woman's 
moans.  Images are coming in rhythmic pulses now, fading in and out of black.  
All the layers of sound resolve themselves into one phrase, repeated, 
overlapping and irresistible:

Him: "... let go ... just let go ... let go ... just let go ..."

Fade to white.

Fade out.



Epilogue

Fade in.

They are both in bed as she struggles towards consciousness.  

Her: "How long have I been here? I can't make out if it's been one night or 
years."

Him: (whispered) "Shh ... it doesn't matter ..."

He strokes her forehead with a downward stroke.

Fade to black.

