"Because I know you too well now." Michael reached out a hand to caress Brian's cheek. "The thought of you being alone scares me. You need someone in your life who keeps you grounded. I suppose that's me . You've always protected me when we were younger. I'm simply attempting to do half as good a job as you did and still do... so flawlessly ." 

"I'm flattered by your need to care for me, your protective nature. I know it's kept me going most of my life. Don't ever think a day hasn't gone by that I don't think... 'What would Michael think of me?'... or what you'd say to me or to my face to kick my ass in gear. You're here..." Brian tapped two fingers on his forehead. "... and here..." Then he gently tapped his heart. "But tonight... you're here too." He rubbed the same hand over his stomach, meaning his "gut". "I'm as frightened as you are. Not about the possibility of sex. I'm good with that. But it's you... my best friend. My... well, I'll always think of you as 'mine', no matter who or what comes into your life to take you away."

"I feel the same. It's why I don't think I could tolerate Justin in your life. Why I'm okay with you tricking. As long as you don't fall in love with anyone... I still have a 'shot'..."

"You always have a 'shot', Michael. I can't love anyone else half as much as I love you."

Ben had to look away and down to his legal pad of notes. He had his answer, right there. He had proof to his thesis, his paper could probably end right here. But he'd always been a firm believer that going in excess was up to par on a creative level. He couldn't not ask them to pull away from one another now. He sensed they were both ready, probably had always been ready. Only needed that extra push of courage, feelings out in the open. They had conversed to a point where anything was possible.

Michael cleared his throat, trying to blink away the wetness from his eyes. "Uhm..." He looked over at Ben. "... you said there was one more question..."

Ben nodded his head. "The one that was skipped."

"Which was?" Michael squinted his eyes to try and recall which one it had been.

"Who or what... is your Ideal Man?"

"Oh... yeah..." Now Michael remembered it, because he still wasn't sure he could answer the question to his liking.

"... that one..." Brian pinched his lips between his fingers.

"... yeah..." Michael voice was tiny and quiet.

"I think it's a trick question."

Michael smirked, tucking a few locks of hair behind Brian's ear. "Why do you say that?"

"Look at our answers to some of the questions. We've almost been asked to cut-n-paste our Ideal Man together, yet... what is this question really asking?"

"What do you mean, Brian?" Ben was intrigued by what Brian was trying to simplify.

"Is the meaning of 'Ideal Man', like... an idea of Mr. Right? Or is the Ideal Man someone we aspire to love in the real world?"

Ben was shocked. For a complete bastard, Brian sure could use general human psychology when he needed to. "Excellent point."

"Because... we've already established Mr. Right in our last couple of answers."

"So, then I guess you can say the question means the latter choice." Ben squinted his eyes at Brian. "When I asked the question... when we skipped it... you already had an answer, didn't you? A knee jerk response?"

"Yes." Brian nodded slowly, his eyes averted from Michael's intense stare.

"What was it?" Ben could pretty much figure it out on his own.

"Michael."
"Brian, I..." 

Brian and Michael had spoken at the same time. Both of them looked at one another. Brian almost apologetic for knowing exactly how he wanted to answer. Michael was simply going to try to hide the answer, because this was too much ammunition for Ben, or anyone else, to use against Brian.

"And you, Michael? What was your first reaction?" Ben could see Michael's hesitation of not wanting to hurt his boyfriend's feelings. "It's okay. This is a surreal experience for all of us. It's simply a question trying to conjure up an immediate reply. I've gotten through most of your answers fine, a bit shaky. It's only..."

"Brian."

"Brian... what?" Brian turned to look between Ben and Michael.

"No. That's my answer. Brian." Michael smiled broadly over at Brian, rubbing his hand at the nape of Brian's hairline.

"Oh." Brian sat back in the cushions of the couch. He was realizing he'd been worried about Ben much too quickly. Thinking his place in Michael's life, and his heart, had been usurped.

Michael glanced over at Ben, seeing how silent he had gone. "You wanted me to be honest."

"I know. I'm glad I can finally hear the truth... for once." Though Ben's heart was breaking, he couldn't help feel that Michael did care enough about him, taking gentle care of trying not to hurt his feelings. That, unfortunately, was inevitable.

"Doesn't mean I'm incapable of loving you, Ben. Or love you any less than I do now. Even right this second. I'll admit... I'm confused. Only because you haven't been as honest with me as I thought we were being with one another. These past three months... discovering what you've been doing in secret..." Michael shook his head in sadness.

Ben sat forward, putting up a hand out for Michael to stop. "... all that aside, you can never love me completely... or only..."

"That's not love, Ben. That's possession. I'm no man's property. I choose who to give my heart to. If it happens to be both you and Brian, what's wrong with that? I don't know why men think it isn't possible to love two men, but differently."

"In a way...” Ben cleared his throat as he swallowed with some difficulty. This was harder to hear than it was to conjure up in his head, after all these months. “... I see it as you loving me for the sex and the companionship, when Brian's not there. But, yet, when he is... he's got you utterly under his spell."

"Is that what you think I'm doing with you?" Michael wasn't sure he was hearing this correctly from his ears to his brain. “Biding my time where I'd be bored out of my mind?”

"Michael, you said it yourself. You see us 5yrs down the line, most likely married, maybe. I'd love for that to be... possible. But I also want to know I can take my husband... my partner... the man I love... away for a weekend without you constantly thinking about Brian."

"I didn't know it annoyed you so much." Michael dropped his eyes, feeling guilty. "Well... maybe I did, but you led me to believe it was cool with you. It's who I am, Ben. More than loving Brian as much as I do, he's my family. We've done tons of fun things together. Wanting to share the experience with him doesn't have any bearing on you and I. It matters only to me."

"But when you start missing him, getting sad and melancholy... then it'll become my problem too." Ben jutted an index finger in the center of his chest.

"Oh... okay..." Michael rubbed a hand over his brow, overwhelmed by this new attitude of Ben's. "... uhm... I gotta go take a leak... I'll be back." He simply dropped Brian's hand from his grasp and bolted.

"Michael..." Ben called out as Michael dashed into the bedroom and out of the conversation. Like he usually did when they confronted one another about this very topic.

Brian remained quiet, rubbing the palm of one hand with the thumb of his other hand.

Ben could feel Brian's eyes on him, even though he never looked directly at him. "Do you understand where I'm coming from? Am I wrong to feel this way?"

Brian sighed, scratching the back of his head. "I do... and I don't. I know what it's like to want Michael all to yourself. But you're coming from years of a sex life like mine, getting sick and then trying to cope with the iff-i-ness of safe copulation while you've been surviving. You forget... as all men do... this is Michael. I've got 20yrs on you, Benji. I know it sounds weird to you, but it has been possible for Michael to separate you and I apart. If you were with any other man, it'd be way more different. You'd have to be concerned."

"So... I am truly ruining not only your friendship, but my own relationship with Michael? By giving you two permission to experiment further than you've ever been before?"

Brian didn't really want to lop advice on Michael's boyfriend, especially if it helped improve he and Michael's relationship. He knew Ben could do his own thing to destroy whatever he had with Michael on his own dime. "You asked me earlier, when Michael was in the shower, about why I can't find anyone like Michael did... and has done."

"Yeah... your answer was a little half-assed, but I think I've gathered enough to know what you meant."

"Maybe you need it said more clearer to comprehend. I told you what made you think I hadn't already fallen in love, because I already have. I have, I had and I will... always... love one man. I know you've heard snippets of my upbringing. Probably already know my Pop wasn't gonna make Pittsburgh's Father Of The Year." Brian sat forward, arms on his kneecaps. "Michael entered my life, at a time, when I would have wanted nothing better than to... run away from my life... end it at that very moment or not exists at all."

"Brian... you don't have to..." Ben hadn't meant for Brian to spill his whole personal history.

"Ah, but I do, Benji. I most certainly do. You've come this far in my life story, how about you take a few minutes to hear from The Man himself."

"Okay... I'm listening." Ben sat back, not bothering to take out his notes.

Brian stared ahead of him, past the coffee table. "Michael will never know this, but the week that I met him... I was planning something BIG. Something drastic to change my fate. I wanted nothing more than to fulfill my Pop's deepest wish. Not to exist at all. I contemplated my big move. I'd disappear. Then came Michael." His face radiated a glow, of sorts. The smiles quick to sprout as he talked. "Plans changed. I put off that 'plan' for a good month or two. Kept myself busy, away from Jack. Stayed with Michael and Debbie. Met Uncle Vic. I became a part of their family. I wanted in, desperately. I wanted Debbie to be my mom. Vic to be my Uncle. And more than anything I wanted Michael. More than the 'want', I needed him. He made me find self-worth again... my purpose. He gave me a reason to be. I found out my Pop was wrong. He might not want me or love me, but I knew three people who did... and still do."

Ben sat back in his seat, unsure of how to take this version of “Brian Kinney”. It was tough to think of him like any other human being, and not some kind of character living out a faked life out of some crazy dime-store novel. He let Brian continue with his story, while remaining silent and contemplative. 

"So... my dark thoughts on ending my miserable life fluctuated into becoming a better man than Jack ever was. Be a success where he had failed." Brian looked over at Ben, now. His eyes steady and intense. "Now... my fantasy simply was running away, out of The Pitts, never to come back. I tried that... once. Didn't last, kept thinking about Michael and... well, fuck... I missed him. So I held off on my 'big plans' until I knew where Michael wanted to be. He's got some idea Pittsburgh is his home and here is where he'll stay. It's why I can never truly leave, either. But... he's wrong. Because for me... 'home' or the idea of its concept is Michael. Wherever he is... is where I feel I most belong. I can't love anybody else again or the same. I only give my heart away once. And it's been in Michael's keeping since the day we met."

"Brian..."

The soft, tender voice called out from the vicinity of the bedroom.

Both Brian and Ben turned their heads to see Michael standing in the bedroom doorway.

"Michael..." Ben started to say something, but realized Michael's brown gaze was stuck on Brian, who was slowly standing to his tall height.

"I'm ready." Michael smiled shyly. "Come to bed, Brian." He held out his hand, stretching his fingers out for Brian to take.

Brian wandered out from the couch to stroll over to the two steps leading into his bedroom. He took the offered fingers. "Michael, don't... don't do this for me."

"Don't do this for me, either." Michael gestured his head for Brian to climb up the two steps to enter the bedroom fully. "I'm a big boy now. If I can't make my relationships work out, away from you... that's my problem to face. Not yours."

"I'll still feel some guilt." Brian stopped right beside Michael, staring down at him.

"I know, because you're human. And you do have a heart." Michael punctuated that fact for Ben's ears. " One that beats for me ." He turned to face Brian, his right palm moving to caress Brian's shirt over his right breast. "You want my happiness above your own. You'll sacrifice all that we are for this one moment so Ben can stay here and be in my life. That ... that alone ..." He shook his head in stunned bewilderment. "... is how I know you love me . Because you'd only do something that foolish, and reckless, for me and nobody else." 

Brian ran the back of his knuckles down Michael's cheek. "Are you sure you're willing to go through with this?"

"Yes."

"... because..." Brian cupped the underside of Michael's head, making their eyes connect. "... at any time... don't care how far we've gone... if you want me to stop, we stop. No more."

"I know, but... I don't want to stop. Ever."

"One night, Michael."

"Yes. One... night. No more. No less."

"Exactly."

"No apologies. No regrets."

"I couldn't have said it better myself."

Ben was preparing to move the camera closer, he reached the steps to enter the bedroom, but Michael didn't budge.

Brown eyes stared blankly at steel blue. "You said this wasn't going to be soft core porn, so I expect you to keep your promise. This... is as far as I'm allowing you in. Sorry... you wanted to invade Brian's privacy, there's gonna be some rules now that I'm involved."

Ben swallowed with some difficulty in speaking. "Fair enough."

"You can zoom the lens all you want, but don't record the sound. That means no microphone and no voice recorder device. I'll let you write or scribble your notes, but I can't have you dictating every word out of our mouths. All I will allow you to write are your own thoughts/observations/interpretations. It's not important what Brian or I say, has no bearing on your thesis."

"Uh... agreed." Ben blinked in shock, finding this commanding side of Michael pretty sexy. Why had he never seen it before?

"Oh... and no commenting... or heckling..." Michael had one of Brian's hands in his grasp. He let Brian walk over to stand behind him, blocked by his small frame.

"Michael..." Ben rolled his eyes at the idea he could even speak while filming what he was about to see with his own eyes.

"Complaints or whining that I don't do or say the same things with you. This isn't a fuckin' 'Who wants to be Mikey's Mr. Right' contest. Got it?"

"Yes, Michael." Ben could see Brian trying to hide his laughter behind Michael's head. "Stop smirking, Brian."

"Sorry." Brian cleared his throat, not able to look directly at Ben's face. "Nervous reaction."

"Whatever."

"You gonna take awhile to set up?" Michael asked as he began walking away from Ben with Brian in tow.

"Yes. You did give me a grocery list of instructions, Michael."

"I was only asking to find out how much free time we had before you filmed us. Find out where you wanted us to be." Michael threaded his fingers with Brian's, pacing toward the bed. "What do you like to start off with first, Brian?"

"Tell me what your thoughts were... and we'll work from there."

"I'd like us to start off slow, but I wasn't sure if you wanted me to undress you... or if you wanted me undressed."

"Hey... hey... hey... it's me, Mikey." Brian lowered his head to catch Michael's gaze. "Don't be so scared. It's better to just sit on the bed. See what happens naturally.”

Brian sat down first, Michael sat on Brian's left. Before Brian could even speak or touch him, Michael switched to Brian's right side.

"Michael..." Brian snickered at Michael's nervousness.

"Nah, I'm good. I was just, uhm... we've been here before, in this position. I thought it would be comforting to begin there." Michael leaned back, his hands planted on the mattress. He watched Brian's hand on his knee as it crept up his inner thigh.

"You had jeans on then." Brian's hand stopped at the mid point and simply rubbed. "A lot more sexy than sweat pants."

"I can change for you." Michael was about to stand and go find a pair of jeans.

Brian shook his head. "Michael... stop."

"No. I'm fine. Really." Michael put out a hand to tell Brian he didn't want to stop this night from happening.

"No. What I meant was stop trying to make everything 'picture perfect'. I can't have great sex if you feel like planning every single move. We have to be spontaneous. Go with what we feel."

"Is it important to let you know I feel like upchucking?"

"Is your stomach bothering you that much?"

"No... well, besides the cage of butterflies let loose in my belly... I'm great."

"Yeah... okay... message received. Lay on your back."

"Brian."

"If Benji runs out of footage filming the non-sex stuff, it's his own damn fault. I get one night with you. I'm not about to screw around just to finally fuck you."

"Ugh... how disappointing..." Michael rolled his eyes, teasing. He watched Brian move to kneel on the floor in front of him. He was tall enough, even on his knees, to tower over Michael, even as he lay on his back, legs legs dangling down off the bed frame.

Brian chuckled, he yanked the elastic waistband of the sweats down a few inches. "I was meaning to tell you... I like my t-shirt on you."

"Thanks. I didn't know you were this tiny in high school." Michael played with lifting up the hem, exposing the upper portion of his abdominal wall. “You've always seemed bigger than me.”

Brian had drawn down the elastic of both the sweat pants and Michael's underwear, skimming the pubic bone. No dark pubic hair in sight. “All right, Mikey...” Brian rubbed his palms together to stimulate warmth. "... I'm about ready to touch you, so don't giggle."

Michael did, even in the anticipation of the touch. "I'll try not to."

"Yeah... that's working so well for you." Brian simply put his palms, flat, on Michael's abdomen and began to soothe in small circles. "You seriously have the worst gastrointestinal tract I know of."

"Sorry." Michael pouted, bottom lip extended. "I think it was the pizza. Did you order from Gino's or Tony's?"

"Freddie's."

"Freddie's?!? Oh, well no wonder. He uses butter instead of oils on his dough. Ahhh... the wonders of being lactose intolerant."

"You know... this may sound weird, but this is kind of turning me on." Brian could almost dispel the fact they were being filmed. Keeping Ben outside the bedroom was a brilliant idea.

"Ha... you just like me best when I'm wounded and you can swoop in, save the day and take care of me." Michael reached out to sift fingers through Brian's fluffy hair.

"No less than what you do for me." Brian kissed the inner palm and wrist of the hand.

"Yeah..." Michael rose up a bit, grabbing onto Brian's forearms. "C'mon... come here..."

"I was gonna go get you something fizzy to drink." Brian pointed with his thumb toward the kitchen.

"Brian, I'm fine. False alarm. You're hands took away whatever was aggravating me."

"You wanted me to make the first move." Brian hitched a knee up on the bed.

Michael scooted back to lay in the center of the mattress, legs not dangling down. "Uh... hello... I made the first move by asking you to come into the bedroom."

Brian crawled over to plant legs on either side of Michael's body. "I wonder what Ben's writing."

They could hear the distant scratching of pencil lead on legal paper.

Michael reached up to cup Brian's hips. "Maybe we should start speaking louder, so he won't feel so left out."

Brian started laughing, Michael simply shared in the hilarity only they understood. "You... are so bad. I'm sure this is a new level of kink for me. I've fucked a guy's boyfriend while he watched, but he actually got jealous. I could never tell if it was because of me or the noises his boyfriend made as I pounded into him. The guy wanted to join in with us. So it quickly became a threesome. But... " He stretched out his body now to lay on top of Michael. “... I've never been just watched and filmed at the same time.

"So... never again can you claim I don't do anything fun, new and exciting with you." Michael encircled his arms about Brian's waist, locking his hands together.

"I won't. Think Ben will want to join in later?"

"Later?"

"Michael... I've got permission from your boyfriend to have my way with you. When I fantasize about this moment... it's never simply one fuck..."

"You've fantasized about me?" Michael couldn't help not smiling like a fool. “About a moment like this?”

"Yes. Haven't you?" 

"Yes. How does it usually happen for you?"

"Casually. Like we are now. Talking, laughing and suddenly... we're going at one another. You can't stop touching me... licking me... kissing me. And when I slip inside the first time, you cum instantly... so beautiful you are. I'm ramming you so hard and fast... you cum again... and I literally orgasm so forcefully... I break the condom..."

"With your Super Sperm? Did it break or did it eat through like acid? 'Cause if so... I don't want your rubber-dissolving jiz to be in my anal cavity."

“No!! Good God, no!!” Brian was chuckling so deeply he fell on Michael's chest. "Nothing that terrible. There was so much sperm, the rubber was overloaded and ruptured. That's all."

"What else?" Michael loved the feel of Brian's belly shaking against his stomach as he laughed.

"Uhm... somehow, the condom disappears and now I'm just fucking you raw. Bareback. Which you know I'd never do, but I guess... that's what fantasies are meant to represent. What we'd never do in reality."

"Yet... here we are... in your bed... preparing to... you know what..."

"What?"

Michael playfully pushed at Brian's face. "Jerk!"

"In my fantasies neither of us are ever fully satiated. Like once we have that first experience... we want one another more and more. Often. And the sex grows more intense. Not filthy or dirty... just... gah... a little violent and hurtful. I always think I'm wearing you out, but you keep begging me to fuck you, harder and harder. No matter how many times I've made you climax... you always want more..."

"Sheesh... I'm exhausted from listening."

Brian shuffled to hover over Michael's face. "What's your fantasy about us like?" He planted his forearms on either side of Michael's head.

"Oh... we're holding hands on the beach... walking along the shoreline... waves crashing against the sea rocks. We're in our bare feet... footprints embedded on the wet sand. I'm always scared when the tide comes closer to me. I squeal... jump in your arms. We fall onto the dryer portion of the beach. Though we were fully dressed... now we're completely naked and you make sweet love to me as the water rushes over us..."

"Liar... that is such a fib. Sounds like one of those sentimental chick flicks you like."

"Yeah... it does... doesn't it?"

"Confession. Tell me the truth."

"Uhm... Babylon. Backroom. Me against the wall, face first. And yes... oddly... sex for us, in my dream, is always a little painful... violent, but not abusive. I've also thought about doing it raw, but then for some reason I think even my subconscious wants me to stay healthy. So... you have a condom on... like an invisible flesh-looking condom..."

"Well... it's all due to my Super Sperm, don’t you know?"

Michael was laughing hysterically, knowing this must look weird on camera. They hadn't even started sex, yet. "My god... Ben must be bored out of his mind..."

"Michael... I forgot he's even here. He's being awful quiet... like a mouse..."

"I was a little forceful with my rules. Maybe I hurt his feelings."

"I think that's a moot point, compared to what will be happening between us, in front of him."

"I do feel bad, but... he backed us into a corner." Michael brushed his face over Brian's. “I haven't said one word I've regretted tonight.”

"Me, either." Brian leaned down to rub his hands down the side of Michael's face. "You still have the prettiest eyes and fairest skin."

"Stop." Michael turned his head away in embarrassment. “You're making me blush.”

"Hmmm... curious... let's see how far it goes down." Brian tugged at the collar to rip the shirt off Michael's chest.

Michael snatched Brian's hands. "No!... no... please... not yet..."

"What's wrong?" Brian was chuckling but looked deeply into darkening brown eyes.

"All night... you haven't kissed me once... kiss me... I'm literally dying to taste your lips..." Michael lifted up his head, slightly, taunting Brian with his open mouth.

"... oh, lord... you know just what I need to get in the mood." Brian tilted his head to come down on Michael's lips at an angle, but Michael put up one finger over his lips.

"Can I tell you something?"

Brian kissed the finger. "Sure."

"We would have done this eventually... on our own."

"Yes... most likely..."

"We're not being pressured into this, are we?"

"No. Certainly not."

"Jesus... one night..." Michael took the time to look over Brian's features. Ones he knew by heart, just by closing his eyes. "... don't know, Brian... what if I'm not that good...?"

"You are..." Brian soothed a hand under Michael's chin, down his upper chest.

"How do you know? You've had so many men. How can I compare?"

"I didn't love any of them as much as I love you... and want you. Tonight... will be my first time..."

"Huh?"

"I'm not fucking tonight... I might actually really 'make love', if that's not too cheesy to admit. Does that make you feel better?"

"Yeah... that's a great start."

Ben looked at his watch, double checked the time stamp, made sure his extra battery was standing by and pulled up a dining room chair to sit on next to the tripod. He knew once things got officially started he might not be able to watch. So he took the time to catch up on his notes. He could faintly hear the discussion between Brian and Michael. Certainly heard his name a few times.

But hearing the laughter... witnessing the closeness... watching the intimate care Brian took of Michael... Ben knew... tonight would be more than just a dissolve of a long-standing friendship, but the first budding of a true partnership between these attractive, and attracted, best friends. His heart heavy, Ben looked through the viewfinder... even though it was happening "live" in front of his very eyes. It killed the guilt and shame. It squelched the heartache and loss. He could hear the kissing... so much of it... lips smacking and deep, low giggling and chuckles. They hadn't even undressed yet and Ben was already stiff as a board. He could only imagine how much of this he could withstand before it became completely unbearable.

It was 10:45pm... or thereabouts... and he'd give them past midnight. That was nearly three hours to make the most of this one night together.

~~TBC...