The crane comes home with him, of course it does.

Jared, on the other hand, does not. And if anything is a testament to how distracted he's been, it's that Jensen can't place why until Clif reminds him Jay and Gen are headed to Idaho for the weekend. Never mind the fact that Jared's been talking about the trip for a month.

Without Jared to interrogate, Jensen's plan for the night gets a lot less complicated. Solitude, blessing and curse though it may be, gives him time to think, put his thoughts in some semblance of order before he does what he's known he was going to do ever since he plucked the paper bird from between the pillows and shoved it in his pocket.

He texts Misha.

Busy?

There's still no way of knowing for sure whether or not the animals are genuine, but he's willing to give it the benefit of the doubt.

For now.

Doesn't change the fact he wants to look Misha in the eye when he asks.

Thirty seconds later, a bubble appears with Misha's response.

Anyone ever tell you that you might be an alcoholic? 

Something stirs in the back of Jensen's brain like a half-remembered dream, the taste of whiskey in his mouth. He sorts through the days since Misha ferried him home with a new set of eyes and realizes, albeit belatedly, that he missed something important in his drunken stupor. Ever since then, Misha's been - different. More open, more honest. As much as it pains him to even think it, he's also been more physically affectionate. Not that anyone will ever rise to Jared's singular level of insanity, but since that night it's been like someone turned Misha out of his restraints. Even when doing his damndest to drive Jensen insane, Misha has been damn near inescapable.

After everything, he's still not playing with a full deck and it pisses him off that he's the one that handicapped himself. It's not the first time.

He focuses on the gentle vibrations of the phone in his hand, the smooth metal against his palm as he taps out his answer.

My place. Half an hour. 

Misha's, My what a commanding tone you have, pops up almost immediately, but Jensen leaves it unanswered. Either Misha will show or he won't, and Jensen's enough of a gambler to let his money ride.

Fucking Misha.

Ten minutes later, the SUV idles down at the end of his driveway. Twelve minutes later, Jensen slams the door shut behind him and wastes another ten seconds watching the wink of taillights disappear over the crest of a hill.

There's nothing he can do to prepare for this, no easy way out. He's not stupid enough to think there is. All he can do is be honest and hope Misha doesn't spend an hour spinning bullshit before he comes clean. It's only logical, rational. But logic doesn't keep his blood from pumping faster, roaring through his ears like some tiny steam engine. And no amount of rationalization is going to put his mind at ease if it turns out he's the butt of some intricately staged practical joke.

You can't reason with your heart no matter how hard you try.

Icarus greets him at the front door, pawing up his legs after the scratches owed him. Jensen's happy to provide, the countdown in his head tick-ticking faster in the few minutes he spends giving Ick a rubdown. The conversation he's about to have is not the kind that suffers interruption lightly though, so he takes the time now to make sure food and water bowls are filled and that Icarus has marked his fair share of territory in the backyard.

Motion keeps him from over-analyzing, so even after Ick scurries back inside, Jensen busies himself with whatever his hands find - jacket hung in the closet, keys and phone dropped on the table in the entryway, backpack relocated to the bedroom along with his shoes and socks. He's blissfully barefoot and halfway out the door with a bag of trash when he realizes he left the last crane in his pocket, so he pulls the box down on the way and lobs it at the coffee table.

Jensen's carefully orchestrated detachment falters at the curb, the walls of his carefully manufactured box bending when Misha's headlights sweep across the lawn ten minutes too early. He takes his time securing the lid of the garbage can, breathing in the cool night air and doing his best to exhale his expectations.

It works to a certain extent, but he can't remember the last time he wanted something as much as he wants this, needs this to be real and right. The apology fosters doubt, winds up his insides because he has no fucking clue what Misha's sorry for. And despite feigning innocence earlier, when Misha levers himself out of that sleek silver sedan of his, he doesn't look at all surprised to be standing in Jensen's driveway at ten forty-two on Friday night.

"Come on in," he says as he breezes past Misha without stopping.

For the moment, Jensen's only concern is for the incriminating box sitting on his coffee table with the much more incriminating contents. He beats Misha to the door by taking the stairs in twos, leaving just enough time to slide the box off the edge of the table and nudge it under with a toe. It's not the best hiding place, but it's better than nothing. Until he figures out how all this will shake out, Jensen plans to play as much as he can close to the vest.

The door clicks quietly closed at Misha's heels and Jensen's wound so tight he feels the air displace as it does.

Misha seems oblivious enough, the, "To what do I owe the terse invite?" rolling effortlessly off his tongue as he plants himself in the middle of Jensen's couch, one arm flung wide and curving to the contours of the cushions. The tightness around his mouth betrays him as much as the fingers tapping against his knee.

"Never figured you for asking stupid questions," Jensen answers, crossing back to the closet and his jacket to retrieve the crane they both know he has in his possession. He feels Misha's eyes on his back and can't help the smile that twitches at the corners of his mouth.

The crane he tosses in the middle of the coffee table, in amongst the back issues of Sports Illustrated and next week's script, and he remembers how many times he's had the origami strewn across the surface both folded and open, sorting and resorting to try to make them make sense.

How now, they finally might.

Misha's fingers still, spreading across his thigh like he's at the same loose ends as Jensen.

"In this case it seemed appropriate," he says, eyes darting from his hand to the crane and back again. "Or at least necessary."

Bitch of it is that Misha's right, that Jensen might have skirted the issue for awhile trying to find an opening to ease the conversation through. The hours spent talking around things have worn him down to certainties and the idea that he might have actually missed the cranes since they stopped coming, absurd as it is, hasn't been allowed time to root and flourish. That doesn't make it any less true.

"All I need to know is why, and so help me if you stretch the truth even a little I will know and I will kick your ass."

Misha huffs a quiet laugh, licking his lips in a way that makes Jensen want things regardless of the reasons, but he only gets as far as, "I-" before Jensen's phone vibrates on the hall table, the unmistakable sound of his mom's ringtone following half a beat later.

"Aren't you going to get that?" Misha asks, eyes flashing bright and Jensen lets go of the breath he didn't realize he was holding.

"Wasn't planning on it."

"It's rude to-"

"Oh fuck me, fine," he says. "If it means keeping you on track, I'll take the call. Give me five."

"By all means," Misha replies.

Jensen taps at the screen to answer with one foot already on the back deck. There are things he's not ready to do in Misha's presence yet. Talking to his mother is one of them. Especially since he has a good idea why she's calling.

Icarus darts past his ankles and out into the yard with a happy yip before Jensen manages to get the patio door shut all the way. Of course.

"Hey momma," he says, lowering himself onto the top step. "Now's not the best time."

"I gathered that by the eight rings it took for you to pick up."

"So?"

Jensen glances back over his shoulder at Misha. He's mostly behaving himself, still spread out all over the couch. The crane in his hands is the one Jensen tossed at him just a minute ago, so he doesn't seem to be nosing around unattended.

"A mother can't be curious?"

"About what, exactly," he says, slowly, carefully. Every fiber of his being wants to be back inside but he's trying not to take it out on her. It's not her fault.

"Your person. The one you called about."

"That's kind of why it's a bad time."

"Oh," she says, then again, "Oh! You have company. Good for you."

Even though it probably makes him a bad person, Jensen hates when she does that. It makes him feel like a puppy who just learned to sit or stay or not piss on the carpet. Which he's not. He watches Ick chase fireflies to the count of ten to keep from snapping.

"Yeah, so. You understand why it's a good idea to cut this short?"

"Of course I do. Promise you'll call me in the morning, though."

Jensen makes the mistake of glancing back a second time before he answers, his head filled with the crap he can't afford to have there about what tomorrow morning might hold for him.

And, "Fuck me," Misha has the box. Not only has it, but has it open.

His mother's voice, sharp in his ear, snaps him back. "Jensen Ross."

"Sorry," he says. "Sorry momma. I have to go." He can't seem to look away as Misha pulls the dragon out. Doesn't help that Misha looks right at him as he does it. "I'll call you tomorrow. Promise."

Jensen ends the call without saying goodbye, thumbing his phone to silent the second it clears completely.

It shouldn't be a big deal. Misha knows better than anyone what he wrote, what he folded, what he gave to Jensen or left lying around for him to pick up. But it is a big deal, if only because Jensen kept them and that's proof enough for anyone with half a brain to think he cares.

And they'd be right.

He whistles Icarus in and spends a good five minutes brushing the grass out of his fur, the dew off his ears and paws. Prolonging the inevitable isn't usually his thing, but Jensen can't help dragging his feet now, especially if Misha's about to laugh in his face.

"We really fucked this one up, didn't we, dude?"

Icarus licks his hand then noses up under it to lay his chin on Jensen's knee.

"Yeah, yeah. I hear you. Not over 'til it's over," he says. "Let's go take our lumps."

Misha's not on the couch anymore when Jensen slips back through the sliding glass door, not that Ick seems to notice in his beeline to the food bowl, quintessential watchdog that he is. There's origami spread across the surface of the coffee table, a spray of color that makes Jensen uneasy even though there's absolutely no reason left to hide it.

The breath on his neck is new, so he turns into it, Misha suddenly and completely filling his field of vision.

"You kept them," Misha says and Jensen feels each consonant pop against his skin.

"Yeah, about that. I was just -" is as far as he gets because it's damn difficult to talk with a tongue in your mouth. With another tongue in your mouth. By the time Jensen registers that Misha's kissing him, really kissing him, he's already started to pull away.

And that, well, that's not even in the same realm as okay.

Jensen threads his fingers through Misha's hair, thumbs braced against stubble and skin and bone, and he kisses back, nerves strung tight and singing. It's better than dreaming because Misha's not a silent if willing participant, and even in the heat of the moment Jensen does his best to memorize each and every place that pulls the muffled grunts Misha's making into a full-fledged groan. If nothing else, he likes to be thorough. And considerate.

That he's been thinking about this for what feels like forever has absolutely no bearing on his focus.

Misha's hands are at his shoulders, fingers dug in hard and Jensen doesn't know what to do with that except breathe, only he can't because he's still kissing Misha. This Misha, the real Misha smells like sweat and grass and tastes like cinnamon candy. It's so much better than a fiction, only he's pushing, the heels of his hands insistent as he steps back and away with a gasp.

"Wait, I - " he starts, but Jensen cuts him off because now sure as fuck ain't the time. Not with Misha's eyes so wide and bright. Not with his cheeks flushed. Not with his hair tufting out wildly like he just rolled out of bed.

"No. No heart-to-hearts," Jensen says, leaning in to lick a long stripe up the side of Misha's ridiculous neck, fitting his lips to the sweet hollow cut by the equally ridiculous jaw line. "You want to be here?"

"Is that even a question?" Misha asks, tension easing, hands dropping until he's thumbing at the sensitive skin in the bends of Jensen's elbows. It pulls his focus for a moment, a split second he has to close his eyes and marvel at the stupid serendipity of life.

Jensen smiles until his cheeks hurt from it, deciding once and for all to throw caution to the fucking wind. "I want you here. That's all I need to know right now."

And it is, because questions can wait. His 'why' and 'how' and 'what the fuck' don't have a place here, maybe never did. Jensen's tired of being careful every time the universe cuts him some slack, tired of hauling his bullshit baggage along for the ride. No matter what Misha felt the need to apologize for, he's here now.

Misha doesn't seem to want to let it go, but the warning, "Jensen," shifts tone abruptly with teeth at his throat and hands at his hips dragging him in. It's on the tip of Jensen's tongue to say something cheesy, something worthy of Dean Winchester's swagger-worthy repertoire like 'say my name'. In the end he decides to err on the side of caution. And actually getting laid.

Never in a million years would he have expected Misha to be so responsive, so easy. When he's imagined it, not that he ever has, Misha's always been as ridiculous and difficult between the sheets as not.

He should have known better than to relegate Misha to a box, does know better when he's thinking straight.

But then Misha pulls a move Jensen's only seen the once, back when he dated that dancer friend of Sandy's he would have sworn up and down was boneless or double-jointed or an alien, and he figures maybe he spoke too soon because he can't breathe around the lump in his throat. It makes him stumble back a step what with Misha suddenly shirtless, his back bowed in invitation, hipbones begging for Jensen's hands.

Jensen's struck suddenly, lost in the artistry of Misha's body - the curves and angles that add up to something made of grace, slim and devastating and yet still wholly male.

It's an inconvenient time to realize how long it's been since he did this with another guy, but better now than twenty minutes down the road when they're both naked as a couple of jaybirds and the 'changed my mind' conversation would be a hell of a lot more awkward. He hasn't though, changed his mind. Not even in the midst of second-guessing and being out of practice and not knowing what to expect of Misha, from Misha.

So instead of freezing up, he traces the ridges of Misha's ribs, thumbs along the low-slung line of denim, savoring every tick and twitch and feline stretch like he's starving for them. Because he is and has been for awhile whether he wants to admit it or not. Regardless of what stirred this ache awake, he's been trundling willingly down this very road for too long to turn back.

For him, though, this has evolved beyond simple attraction, beyond an appreciation of the purely physical, and he wants it to be perfect. Always does.

Misha gasps, lips dry and parted until he licks them wet, and that's close enough.

"Fuck," Jensen says, and it sounds far away even in its absolute conviction.

"Less cursing, more nudity," Misha answers, slipping his hands beneath cotton to get at skin, tugging at the tail of Jensen's T-shirt with intent but ultimately leaving the final decision to him.

Because he's the one making this choice and the ocean in his ears is just the rush of blood finding better places to be. In spite of any evidence to the contrary, he knows exactly what the fuck he's doing. To prove the point, he strips the shirt off over his head as he backs away. It's not nearly as graceful or, frankly, impressive as Misha's mirror move, but it gets the job done even though his elbow catches in the neck hole.

"That better?" Jensen asks, and he can feel Misha looking his fill, skin going hot and tight wherever his gaze lands. When Misha meets his eyes again, the look in them is openly hungry, predatory.

"Much."

Jensen smiles, leans close to lick at the pink purse of Misha's lips just once. "Always aim to please."

"Jesus, Jensen," Misha says, fingertips tracing the curve of his collarbone like they've chanced upon a priceless rarity. "The things I'm going to do to you."

It's a little too much a little too soon, the implications settling in Jensen's gut with a sudden lurch that puts his limbs in motion, making the journey to his bedroom on autopilot if for no other reason than to escape Misha's inspection.

He's not nervous. Doesn't get nervous. Hasn't had stage fright since Kinder Care, but this isn't the stage and Misha has a way of stripping him down with every last article of clothing still in its rightful place. Jensen's not altogether sure he can handle the intensity of actually being naked with Misha, except for the fact he wants it so badly.

The hallway stretches on for what seems like miles, the master at the end painted silver by the moon peering through the blinds. Behind him, there's the soft thump of shoes against hardwood and then the heat of Misha following too close. Always too close and too far away, never finding the right rhythm or space to occupy. Jensen knows he needs light, wants it to map the subtle curves and unseen stretches of Misha's skin, to tame that wilderness into momentary certainty.

Instead of finding the switch, he laughs, thinking about how this is actually the second time Misha's been in his bedroom. How glad he is nothing happened that might have gotten lost to the cutting room floor of his bender, and he turns to say as much but Misha beats him there.

"Well that's discouraging," he says. "Guess that means I should reapply myself."

Jensen has no idea what he means until Misha steps into his space, the furrow between his brows wiped away by a wry grin half-hidden in shadow. And his hands, his hands are everywhere, torturous in their diligence, unerring in their attention, Misha watching every reaction keenly as if his life depends on figuring out the precise sequence that makes Jensen squirm.

And Jensen lets him.

Misha catches his eye then and holds it, marks the lines of Jensen's cheekbones with his thumbs and a tenderness that makes his breath catch in his chest. "Laughter has its place," he says. "But this isn't it."

"Trust me when I say I wasn't laughing at you."

"Didn't think you were," Misha says.

Then Jensen forgets all about the light, because there's a knee wedged between his and finally, finally sweet friction, Misha pressed against him, soft skin and firm flesh. He'll worry about compiling his own catalog in the morning, because no power on this earth could make him willingly stop Misha now. It's everything he wanted and nothing like he'd imagined - the slow climb to fever pitch supplanting a frantic one - and he should have known Misha would be a contradiction. By the time fingers fumble at the button on his jeans he's hard behind the zipper, aching for a touch far more focused than the slope of Misha's hip through too many layers.

His balance falters when he steps back to give Misha room to work, heel sliding on a corner of the comforter that dangles from the edge of the bed. Misha catches him, holds him fast with a hand on his wrist and another in the small of his back, pressure and the hard line of Misha's cock sliding against his and fuck he's through with slow. But Misha mouths at his neck, his lips, swirling circles of heat past cotton and denim with his fingertips, and it distracts him.

"Careful," Misha says against Jensen's skin, breath warm in his ear. "You'll want to be awake for this."

"Will I?" Jensen asks and Misha hums, hands drifting again to the button on his jeans, popping it open, the zipper peeling apart slow and sure after. And if he didn't already feel like his skin was on fire, when Misha hooks his thumbs in both sets of waistbands and starts to ease the fabric down, he lights up from the inside out.

It's enough to stir him to action, make him realize he's been standing here stupidly letting this happen to him instead of participating, instead of being in the moment where he belongs. He looks at Misha, really looks, the catch of his lower lip between his teeth as he tugs the band down and over the jut of Jensen's cock, hands hot against his thighs, and he wants.

All the confusion and doubt of the past month crystallizes, shatters under the meticulous application of Misha's hands, and how Misha, in his way, was asking for this in revealing himself. Jensen doesn't take his time with the fastenings on Misha's pants, can't take the time, and whatever misgivings he may have had about this being the right thing are gone, burnt up and scattered like so much ash. Misha bends with him, into him, lips seared to the side of his neck, teeth sharp along the plane of his jaw as Jensen finally gets his hands where he wants them, shoving at what's left of Misha's clothes.

He mutters a soft, "Fuck," because he can't help himself then kicks out of his jeans, watches as Misha does the same, socks quickly discarded atop the crumpled pile. And Jensen looks his fill, maps the curve of Misha's ass before he tests the weight of Misha's dick against his palm. Misha hisses, hips canted into the touch, fingers sharp and neck arched at an impossible angle that's just asking for a tongue, his tongue, and Jensen's happy to offer it.

Misha tastes like sweat too, salty and warm and he's heavy, hard in Jensen's hand. No matter how eager he is for this, it's still odd enough that he's making it up as he goes. Not that he doesn't understand the concept of sex, he does, but this isn't a drunken fuck in an alley or the stockroom of a bar and Misha isn't dragging him anywhere.

So he learns the shape of Misha's lips again, the slick sweep of his tongue, counts the bumps of Misha's spine with his fingers until Misha makes a noise low in his throat and backs them both towards the bed. His knees hinge when they hit the edge, and he topples gracelessly back into the tangle of sheets, Misha's knee planted between his thighs.

Somehow, Misha manages to avoid tumbling on top of him, a fact which seems neither fair nor right and even given the incredibly distracting fact that Misha's stroking himself hard, Jensen feels the need right now for a bit of solid ground. So he levers himself up enough to make a grab for Misha's free arm and Misha does tumble, rolling onto his back at the last second. Jensen uses the momentum to roll with him, settles his knees alongside Misha's hips to pin him in.

"Are these the spaces between?" Jensen asks, his voice crackling, lips parched from sucking uneven breaths.

He tries to focus but falters when Misha shifts his hips, pressing in and up and then there's a stripe of pre-come smeared along his stomach. Misha, of course, seizes the opportunity, and Jensen pitches forward onto his hands, can't not, when Misha wraps them up cock-to-cock and tugs.

"You tell me," Misha answers finally, his lips pressed into the bend of Jensen's elbow. "Have I found you?"

Jensen moans when Misha's grip tightens, rhythm steadying even as it speeds. It renders him breathless for a long stretch of seconds and he has to scramble against the fucking electrical storm already gathering, building under his skin.

"Wait," he grits out. "Wait."

"Have I?" Misha asks, his own throat bared with a gasp, thumb drawing slick patterns up and over until Jensen can't readily discern where he ends and Misha begins.

There are worse sensations and he can't think of any better at the moment, but there are things he wants. Things that would be more difficult to find his way to if he shoots early like some overeager teenager. Misha's unrelenting though, firm grasp only loosened to push at Jensen's shoulders again and shove him over, a shimmy of sweet skin and sinew before his hand returns with a friend. Misha's lips, spit-slicked and soft, close around the head of his cock, the flat of his tongue pressed against that bundle of nerves that makes Jensen buck every single time. Like the freak of nature he is, Misha rides it out, some instinct telling him to pull back when Jensen loses himself and his control to the sensation.

It's all too much of what he wants for Jensen to consider reasserting himself, and that word - synergy - flits through his head again as Misha's fingers slide south pressing in behind his balls in a way he's never had, never known he wanted.

And, "Fuck me," he's lost, dick twitching against the roof of Misha's mouth as all rational thought attempts to shut down, neurons sparking on the curve of a knuckle, Misha's dark chuckle reverberating down his length before his lips slide free with a pop.

"That's the idea," Misha says, hand slack and teasing now in a way that makes Jensen want to shake him. "Unless there's a different bee in your bonnet."

Jensen's answer goes missing somewhere between brain and mouth, a protest that's not really a protest at all but comes out sounding like, "Bwuh?" because Misha plays dirty. Because Jensen's too focused on his dick and the way Misha's mouth feels around it, the way his tongue curls down the vein to worry.

Jensen has always been the guy who understands the value of patience and that next time, next time, when his toes aren't already curling against the bed and it's not taking every last ounce of his focus to keep from bucking up into Misha's mouth, next time he'll have what he wants. So he spreads his hands against the heat of Misha's scalp, fingers sliding in sweat, and hangs on. Misha doesn't disappoint, humming happily as Jensen's thighs drift wider for him, his thumb circling and teasing but not quite pushing. Then he does ease down, farther, faster, and Jensen feels the head of his cock slide past the back of Misha's tongue, feels the resistance and then the tight band of Misha's throat constricting around him as he swallows.

And he has the space of half a breath, one final second of sanity to think, "Did that just happen? Is it happening now?" before the world gets whitewashed. He almost bites his own tongue in half because he's coming, choking around the air, trying not to force himself deeper but jesusfuckingchrist Misha's still swallowing around him slow and steady. Then his arms stop working the way they should, flopping boneless to the bed along with his legs, the sheets cool and sticking in the pools of sweat gathered behind his knees.

His heart's still racing, ten beats in the space of two when Misha finally leans back, and Jensen's muscles clench involuntarily as his dick slaps down against his stomach.

At this point, the "Fuck," is compulsory.

There's a rustle of bedcovers and Misha smirks, or Jensen thinks he does. He's not actually on board with prying his eyes open just yet to see, but he can hear it in Misha's voice.

"I don't know whether to respond with pride or concern," Misha says. "I've never sent someone into a cognitive loop."

Jensen kicks out at him to shut him up, mostly because verbal warfare doesn't jive with his current state of awesome. His foot doesn't land of course. Having your eyes closed kind of fucks with your aim and Misha catches him by the heel, plants a kiss against his ankle that makes Jensen feel stupid and girly and not nearly ready for this.

Moving still seems to be off the agenda though, at least for him, so he doesn't bother trying to follow when Misha shifts away.

He does manage to work an eyelid open when he hears the contents of his medicine cabinet being emptied into the sink, plastic rattling against porcelain until there are footsteps again, close and purposeful, the scrape of wood on wood and the crinkle of plastic packaging following soon thereafter. Misha's face swings into view, and even blurred out by his lashes Jensen can tell the smile he's wearing means trouble.

Jensen thinks maybe keeping his eyes closed is a workable plan.

The bed dips a second time, taking Misha's weight, and before Jensen can clear his throat to ask, Misha's fingers are back, cool and slippery and painfully cautious.

"Jensen," he says. "Jensen, look at me."

And Jensen does. Partly because right now he'd probably do whatever Misha asked of him if it meant getting his brain scrambled like that again sometime soon. Partly because he wants to know. Partly because he feels compelled to return the favor.

The moonlight cuts Misha's face in half with shadow. Even so, Jensen can see the barely-contained urgency, the rhythmic shift of his shoulder that he's either too far gone or too unashamed to hide.

His voice doesn't sound like his own anymore, ripped ragged and slow when he says, "Yeah?"

Misha's thumb slicks down, and Jensen feels the press of it between his cheeks, feels Misha shake a deep breath in and then back out.

"I need to know," Misha says, so undone by the asking that Jensen wouldn't dream of denying.

"Yeah," Jensen answers. "Yes." And he stirs his traitorous limbs into action, rolling up onto hands and knees because it doesn't take a doctorate level degree in gay sex to know what will probably work best.

Misha promptly joins the cognitive loop already in progress, his hiss and, "Fuck" followed by a reverential exploration of Jensen's back, the backs of his thighs, his ass. It makes Jensen wonder what gave him such patience, because if he weren't already fucked out and someone gave him the go ahead he sure as shit wouldn't be stopping to smell the roses or admire the pretty.

It is, however, his ass, so he can't fault Misha for looking.

Then there's pressure without preamble, Misha's fingers newly slicked and nudged in tight, teasing against him until they're not. Muscle gives and Misha's free hand flies to his hip, a litany of filth pushed out into the air with Jensen's name caught in the middle, but he can't focus on that. What he can focus on is the way Misha's knuckle bumps against his ass, the way Misha shifts the angle of his deliberate slide, finger crooked and brushing up against that mystical fucking cluster of nerve endings that puts him on his elbows. And breathing. And hanging on to his motionless zen state. And the harsh noises Misha's trying to keep under wraps for God knows what reason. His dick gives an interested twitch that it really should not be capable of, but then it's Misha and Jensen's personally known Misha to do a thousand impossible things before breakfast. Coaxing his cock back awake with nothing but a finger is probably number three thousand and twelve.

Jensen breathes again, deep and even and takes a chance, rocks back into Misha's hand. It starts a twitch along his inner thigh and a new flood of unintelligible muttering from Misha. In general it doesn't feel good or even bad necessarily, just kind of weird but Misha's obviously lost the plot.

His chin slides in the sheen of sweat on his shoulder when he looks back, and Misha's gone, pupils blown wide in the low light, hips jerking in abortive little thrusts as he bites his lip bloody being careful.

"Do it," Jensen says, because what else can you say to that.

Confirmation is all that Misha seems to have been missing, because as soon as the 't' rolls off Jensen's tongue, he's pulling his hand back and replacing it with his cock in a long slow slide that steals the breath from Jensen's lungs. And fuck but he gets it now, feeling full and taken and Misha petting him as he gnaws a hole in the comforter trying to get to air.

Misha stays as still as he can as long as he can, the shiver that shimmies from his thighs to Jensen's says as much. Eventually, he can't help it, the easy pace turning wild in a roll of hips that Jensen swears is going to drag him inside out in the best way, except Misha's hands find him and hold him steady. It only takes a breath for Misha to find a rhythm, and when he does it's more about depth and angle than speed, and Jensen can appreciate the slap of Misha's skin against his, the little grunts that spill between Misha's lips whenever his hips find Jensen's ass.

"Not going to last," Misha mutters, breathless and shaky, grip shifting until his fingers dig in and Jensen aches with it. "Want to. Fuck yes. Jesus, Jensen."

And as much as he's thought about Misha, Misha's mouth, Misha's hands, Misha's stupid fucking smile, he hasn't thought about this and isn't prepared for what it does to him, how it effects him to have Misha coming undone inside him. It almost makes him wish he hadn't already come himself, almost. It does make him wish he could see Misha's face to watch him fall apart. He settles for arching his back, stretching an arm out to brace against the wall, feeling the moment Misha's rhythm falters and the one after that nearly ends with Jensen on the floor, Misha shoving himself flush and groaning his way through orgasm. It's satisfying in ways Jensen hadn't counted on when Misha slips sideways and collapses on his rumpled sheets, lacking wherewithal to do anything but strip the condom, tie it off, and drop it in the bedside wastebasket.

Jensen knows he should take stock but the lure of stretching out far outweighs any potential pain. As it turns out, his knees are the angriest, his ass a secondary low-level ache that only serves to remind him what he just did, what they just did, and he's pretty fucking okay with that.

Misha's quiet though, suspiciously so aside from breathing his way down to a more sensible heart rate, and Jensen's not sure how to take that.

"So," Jensen says. "Still want to be here?" Not that he doubts, he doesn't, he just - wants it to be okay.

Misha coughs, then laughs a secret little laugh that Jensen's never heard before. "You should be illegal," he says. "Fucking controlled substance."

"I'm gonna take that as a yes," Jensen says.

If he was a chick, Jensen would also say he rolls over onto his side so he can watch Misha bask, but he's not and so he does it only because the bundle of blankets tangled in the small of his back are driving him apeshit. Really. Of course, it's not like he's going to kick a moonlit Misha out of bed or anything. Without the past few weeks nipping at his heels, pushing him harder and faster, demanding 'now' and 'take', Jensen gets a chance to truly appreciate the long lines and subtle curves, the hummingbird flutter of Misha's stomach muscles as he winds his way down.

So much better than dreaming.

Misha's eyes are closed, his lashes a sweep of charcoal against his cheeks, lips slightly parted and it hits Jensen like an echo - that other bedroom, the one at Jay and Gen's where he thought all this started. He wonders what else he's been wrong about along the way, if Misha's sole purpose was to get them here. Maybe that's where the apology comes in.

No time like the present to ask. Captive audience, subject, prisoner - what the fuck ever. He has the mystery folder blissed beyond reason beside him. It's a golden damn opportunity.

Still.

Nothing wrong with priming the pipes either.

Jensen shifts up on an elbow, leans in to tongue at Misha's lips without purpose or pretense because he can, and Misha invites him in - blunt fingernails scraping at the back of his neck to hold him steady. Misha kisses like he does everything, and Jensen recognizes the resonance in it too, kicking back to when they met and that first scene where Misha was weird and intense and mischievous and yet still managed to be a consummate professional. Somewhere between Misha's teeth snagging against his lower lip and the scrape of stubble against his chin, Jensen forgets where he was going.

Or he does until he pulls back a little too dizzy for just kissing and thumbs the spit from Misha's mouth.

"Awful lot of effort," Jensen says, stroking the dip between Misha's collarbones. "Should I feel privileged?"

Misha smiles. It's crooked and sleepy and Jensen's tempted to get up because he feels it in places you aren't supposed to feel smiles.

"Very," Misha answers finally. "Like the fucking crown prince of Luckytown. I am in your bed, after all."

"Careful," Jensen says, pressing the flat of his nail against Misha's nipple until he sucks a breath between his teeth. "After all that trouble, it'd be awfully disappointing to crush me under the weight of your ridiculous ego."

"I'll take it under advisement."

Jensen snorts and flops on his back, untangles enough of the sheet to gather it around his waist. It's not out of some misplaced sense of modesty but more the film of sweat and lube and fuck knows what else drying on his skin making him cold. Or maybe it's something else, something like fear that he doesn't want to actually admit to. Doesn't matter either way. He has things he has to say.

"Never really figured you for the slow seduction type," he says. "I think I'd actually be less surprised if you'd strolled up and said, 'Let's fuck'."

If the roll of Misha's shoulders wasn't enough to put him on edge, the sigh that follows does the job just fine. Too late to turn back now.

"I don't know if you noticed, but I'm actually a dude. That kind of romance is generally lost on me." Jensen tries to keep his tone neutral, casual. The last thing he wants to have a lengthy discussion about right now is the fact that the poetry and secrecy were not actually lost on him. He'd be forced to deny it, then Misha would start spouting gender theory at him and go dig through the mess he left in the sink for some ex-girlfriend's abandoned lipstick. Less messy all around to ignore it.

Misha's smart. He'll glean the real meaning eventually.

"Jensen," Misha says, and he can hear the 'but' tacked onto it even though the 'you don't get it' hasn't actually come out yet. He knows it's coming. "I thought you understood. That you'd finally pieced it all together. Hell, I thought maybe Jared clubbed you over the head with a fucking clue and led you into the light."

Jensen squints at Misha, but Misha only stares at the ceiling like it's the most fascinating thing he's ever seen.

"Still winding the dark and clubless roads of cluelessness here," Jensen says. "Got a match?"

"Only if you swear not to douse me in kerosene."

The longer Misha stalls, the more creative Jensen gets and he's on the verge of dismissing everything that's happened in the last hour as bullshit if he doesn't get confirmation otherwise, so the truth can't possibly make this any fucking worse.

"Seriously Misha, spill," Jensen says, and Misha seems to get the tone if not the specific meaning.

Misha does look at him then, grabs for his wrist like he's afraid Jensen will disappear before he comes clean. Jensen lets him. For now.

"It was a prank," he says. "I got, we got carried away."

"We, as in Jared?" Jensen has to ask even though he already knows. "As in, you've both been playing me since the beginning. As in, he knew who it was way back when I accused Cheyenne? Fuck."

"Jensen, it wasn't like -"

"No," he says, unwrapping Misha's fingers one by one. "Just. No. You don't get to justify this. What could you possibly say to make it okay?"

"I didn't know it was -"

"Didn't know what? That I've spent the last few weeks going quietly insane?"

Misha reaches for him again, and Jensen glares until his hand drops against the rumpled sheets.

"Will you let me explain?"

"Don't really give a shit. You were both screwing with me because you thought you could." Jensen huffs a laugh, feeling the ache of it settle in behind his ribs. "Screwing me now just to see if you can."

"You really think I'm capable of - "

"Yes. You're totally equipped to sleep with me because you want to see the experiment through. Apparently, it's the way you're fucking wired."

Misha's eyes go hard, lips thinned down to a narrow pink line as he spits the, "Finished?" between his teeth.

"Sure," Jensen answers, because for the hundred things he wants to say, there's not a one that will make a damn bit of difference. He's tired of feeling like an idiot and trying to find ways to offload the frustration into his work - so tired he's not even plotting revenge. When coupled with that cryptic note Misha left alongside the dragon and the insane week he spent missing the origami, this pushes him over the edge.

Misha looks ready to say something, probably make excuses or beg forgiveness, and that's the last thing Jensen wants to listen to right now.

"Just go," Jensen says, eyes shut tight, and Misha surprises him with silence. He feels the bed dip, hears the rustle of fabric and the jangle of change, footsteps retreating down the hall. A car starts outside and Icarus whimpers, then there's nothing to disturb the stillness, nothing to keep him from drifting off to sleep but the chorus of pointless questions bouncing around between his ears.