It was 5 AM and I was standing on the balcony of my house, busy looking at the direction of a woman who had caught my attention. A dark-skinned, strongly built woman wearing a faded saree and a blouse torn in some places, was holding a long stick broom. Sweat accumulated on her skin radiated in the morning sunlight as she continued doing her job, sweeping the streets. And for once she lifted her face and looked towards me, as our eyes met I felt my heart skip a beat. So attracted I was towards the street sweeper, Shobha.
I am Shreya and I am a B. A. final year student at a reputed girls' college. One day while walking back home from college I was passing by a tea garden. It was a shortcut to my home, but the place was generally deserted. Suddenly some monkeys came out of nowhere and were shouting and jumping in the trees nearby. I was really scared of monkeys and as a result froze at my position. And then a hand came upon my shoulder and a low, deep voice whispered in my ear, "Don't be afraid, let's just get away from here slowly."
I turned my face and saw Shobha, standing beside me. She was the street sweeper appointed by the local municipality to clean the streets of our locality. God I felt so relieved on seeing her that I immediately hugged her tightly, as if she was my saviour! She laughed and said, "Hey don't panic before them, they sense our vulnerability. Come on I will walk you home."
I suddenly realised that I had my hands clenched around the sweeper lady, with my fingers and palm actually touching her skin, and my head rested on her broad shoulders. An unusual odour of sweat mixed with some other stuff came from her body and filled my nostrils. But I didn't feel any sense of withdrawal, instead I felt like I would like to hug her even more tightly. The sweaty odour of her body was attracting me even more towards her. But not to embarrass myself I let go of the hug.
Shobha held my hand in hers and started to walk, with me following. She said, "I have seen you before, you are the daughter of Dr Sinha isn't it? He is a very fine doctor I must say. He treats poor people like us very generously."
I had by now overcome my state of daze and replied to her, "Yes, Dr Sinha is my father. My name is Shreya, what is yours?"
She said, "I am Shobha, I live in the basti behind your college."
I realized that she must be really poor as her clothes and appearance suggested, which must be the reason that she had to take the sweeping job. I wanted to carry on the conversation and so I said, "I have seen you earlier too."
Shobha smiled and said, "Yes, you must have seen me sweeping the streets in your colony, morning and evening. That is my profession you see. That is how I make ends meet."
I said, "Every work has it's dignity, Shobhaji. You are earning by your own labour. That is a remarkable thing."
Shobha smiled and said, "So nice of you to say so. But you shouldn't address me as Shobhaji, I am from a class which is quite below your status. Instead I should be addressing you as Shreyaji."
I said, "No, I don't agree with you Shobhaji, since you are older than me I should pay you respect. I am only 20 years old."
Shobha laughed and said, "Ok dear as you say. You are a very nice person I can see that. For a girl of the age of 20 you are very mature indeed. You know I am 37 years old. Here you are, we have reached your society, I guess you can easily go home from here? I have to go to the market to buy food. Ok tata."
Shobha let go of my hand and walked away, leaving me behind. I stood there for some time staring at her as she walked away. I really liked her, she was so sweet to walk me home. But I also felt myself getting physically attracted towards the sweeper woman, I kept staring at her back, torn places of her blouse showing glimpses of her dark skin, her butt was swaying as she walked. I lifted my hand that was held by her, and tried to smell it, as if I was trying to smell her scent on it.
God what has got into me? I never ever had an affair with any person whatsoever, and now I am getting attracted towards a woman, somebody who is so much older than me, a sweeper woman. It was quite a taboo in Indian society but I couldn't help it. I still didn't know whether it was some kind of infatuation or lust that was overpowering me, but I was getting attracted to her.
For the next few days I really wished I could meet her while walking back home from college, but there was no luck. I started to wake up early in the morning just to get a glimpse of her sweeping the streets. But as much as I saw her beautiful, black, sweaty, sunkissed body working in the streets, my attraction grew stronger. I wished I could be down there, holding her hands while she swept, me inhaling her body scent. But it was not possible for me in reality to go down there and spend some time with her, as at that moment she was working and also many of our society people were out there jogging or taking a morning walk.
I was getting frustrated that I couldn't find any time with her. Then one day I decided to try another way. I bunked my last two classes and decided to pay a visit to the basti behind our college. I was hoping I would find Shobha there. It was a slum type area with people residing there being mostly of the poorer section of the society, daily wage labourers, rickshaw pullers, sweepers etc. At that time most of them were out for their work and I could find a few women present in the basti. They were very surprised to see me, an upper class girl coming to their basti. One of the women asked me, "What do you want here, girl?"
I replied, "Does Shobha live here? She is a sweeper."
The woman said, "Yes, she does. That is her house."
She pointed towards a distant, small hut, made up of bamboo sticks. I asked again, "Is she home now?"
The woman replied, "Yes, she lives alone in the house. Since the door is open now, she must be home."
I thanked her and went towards Shobha's house. The floor of the house was made of mud. The roof was made of tin with straw serving as it's ceiling. As I entered I found her sitting on the floor cutting some vegetables. She was just wearing a blouse and a petticoat, and had a towel wrapped above her head. She was probably about to take a bath. As soon as she saw me she was startled and immediately stood up. She exclaimed, "Hey Shreya! What are you doing here?"
I said, "Actually I didn't see you for the past few days and so I came here to meet you."
Shobha frowned and said, "But you see me everyday from your balcony while I sweep the streets in the morning."
I blushed and said, "Yes, but during that time you are so busy and we can't have a conversation. That is why I came here."
Shobha laughed and said, "Oh you want to have a conversation with me? Alright. Sit down on the bed. You know a poor woman like me can't afford chairs and sofas."
I sat on the small bed, it was covered by an untidy piece of cloth, which was also torn in many places. Shobha put on a saree and sat beside me. I could see patches of sweat accumulated on her blouse covering the underarms. I could inhale her sweaty scent even from a distance. Oh how much I would have loved to take her in my embrace now. I was submerged in my thoughts when suddenly Shobha's voice startled me. She said, "Hello, you wanted to talk with me isn't it?"
I said, "Err.. Yeah. Do you live here all alone?"
Shobha replied, "Yes, I lost my husband in an accident just a few months after my marriage. I was an orphan and was brought up by my uncle. But he never showed compassion to me, rather made me do all household chores from a tender age. He also used to beat me. One day I ran away from his house. I met my husband who was an orphan just like me. But after his death, I am all alone now."
Shobha's eyes were full of tears as she narrated her past life. I was moved by her words and went closer to her. I put my arms around her and hugged her, my hand patting on her head, consoling her. The smell from her body and hair was making me crazy, my hands automatically started to move on her back. Shobha had rested her head on my shoulders, and her hands were hugging me too. I was feeling myself in heaven, but my joy was short lived as suddenly Shobha pushed me away. She wiped her tears and said, "Shreya you shouldn't be here. It's time you went home. Your parents will worry if you won't reach home in time.
I said, " Shobhaji will you meet me on my way home after college tomorrow?"
She said, "We shall see about that."
I stubbornly said, "No, promise me please."
She smiled and said, "Ok promise. But you too promise me that you won't come over here again without informing me."
I said ok and went outside, with Shobha accompanying me. The lady who showed me the way to Shobha's house asked her, "Who is this beautiful girl, Shobha?"
I blushed at the word beautiful. Shobha replied, "She had come to inform me about some cleaning work in her home which I need to do."
I was amused at her answer. She had handled the situation well before others. I bid her goodbye and went away. I was happy that I could spend time with her, and also that she would be meeting me tomorrow again.
But she didn't come tomorrow. And also not the next few days. I waited for her and was frustrated when she didn't turn up. Even she didn't sweep the streets for a week and hence I was devoid of her morning glimpse too. My nights became sleepless, I was thinking only about her. I needed her badly. So, on the seventh day I didn't attend my college and went straight to her basti to visit her.
As I entered her house I found her in the same position sitting on the ground cutting vegetables. The only difference was that she wasn't wearing a towel and was just in a blouse and petticoat. As she saw me she angrily said, "Hey didn't I tell you not to come here without informing me beforehand?"
I replied, "Shobhaji you promised to meet me but you never came. You also haven't come to sweep the streets. I thought that you are ill so I came over to see you."
Shobha said, "Even if I am ill or something, if I haven't gone to clean the streets, why do you care?"
I couldn't find words to reply. Shobha stood up and came near me. Her dark abdomen was visible to me, her navel making me crazy, her sweaty odour like always captivating me. She was taller than me and as she came closer she lifted my chin and we had eye contact. I could feel her hot breath falling on my face. She asked again, this time in a whisper, "Why do you care?"
I whispered too, "It's because I love you."
As soon as the words left my mouth I wasn't able to speak further, Shobha's full lips were upon mine. We were kissing each other, our lips brushing against each other, our arms locked around each other's backs. As I kissed the dark sweeper woman I couldn't believe my luck, that finally my dreams were coming true. Our mouths opened a bit allowing the flow of saliva, taking our kiss to another level. We were both breathing heavily as we made out continuously. Suddenly Shobha pushed me away and said, "No, this is wrong. Go away Shreya."
I was so frustrated again. I yelled, "What are you doing? Why is it wrong? I told you that I love you."
Shobha put her palm on my mouth and said, "Don't yell like this, my neighbors will come over hearing the noise. And do you say it's love? A love between two women, that too between a rich 20 year old college girl and a 37 year old street sweeper? Do you think it's actually possible? This ain't love."
My eyes were full of tears. I said, "Whatever you said makes no change in my attraction towards you. Your presence makes me feel jubilant, when you touched my hand I became crazy. Everytime I watched you sweep the streets I wished I could hold the broom stick with you and sweep together. The fragrance of your body drives me crazy. I just want to make love to you. Why don't you understand? Didn't you feel any spark when you kissed me?"
Shobha was silent for a while watching me shed tears. Then she tried to rub the tears from my cheeks but I pushed her hand away and started sobbing. She held me by my shoulders and turned me towards her. I couldn't hold myself back any longer and started to kiss her again. We were kissing like two mad women who had nothing else to do but kiss. We absolutely crushed each other by our arms as our lips refused to part away.
Finally Shobha broke the kiss and said, "My baby I love you too. I am lucky to be loved by someone like you. Now I am your Shobha darling. You need not address me as Shobhaji anymore as we are lovers now."
We kissed again and then Shobha said, "Now you have to leave my baby as my neighbors are present and here anybody may visit me anytime. There is a chance that this Saturday my neighbors as well as many more people from our basti will go for construction labour work at a distant place. Come and visit me that day."
I said, "Ok Shobha but before I leave I have one last request. I want another kiss."
Shobha smiled and came near me. We wrapped our arms around each other and started to kiss again. For about 5 minutes we kept kissing vigorously and tasted each other's mouths. I then left for the day. As I went back home I could feel my heart pounding very hard. I was so excited and happy to have Shobha as my lover. I couldn't wait for Saturday to arrive.
For the next few days Shobha and I used to meet during my walk back from the college. We used to steal a kiss or two, if there was any small opportunity. One day I brought a chocolate bar for Shobha. I put one end of the bar in my mouth and kept the other part outside. Shobha put her mouth on the chocolate outside and we both chewed the chocolate. Our lips brushed against each other as we both ate the chocolate. Since we were outside we couldn't enjoy ourselves for long, just a moment or two like this. We held hands while we walked and she used to leave me just outside the main entrance of our society. We were both longing for each other's touch.
Finally Saturday came and as pre-decided I went straight to her basti at our allotted time. Most of the people of the basti had left for the construction work and hence the situation favoured us. As I entered Shobha's house she took me in her arms and we started to kiss. Passion overpowered our bodies as our mouths hungrily devoured each other. Shobha pushed her tongue in my mouth and I sucked on it, her saliva getting mixed with mine.
Shobha then broke the kiss momentarily and pushed me onto the bed. She shut the door and then jumped on me on the bed. She got on my top and kissed my lips and cheeks. I was getting a bit suffocated having her full weight on me, but I was enjoying myself to the fullest. She extended her tongue and licked over my lips. She then moved her tongue along the jawline and then to my ear. I was moaning in ecstatic pleasure. Shobha brought her mouth near my ear and whispered, "Let's remove the barriers of clothing between us."
I readily agreed and both of us stripped nude. There she was before me, stark naked. People of her community were not used to shaving or removing their body hair, and hence patches of hair were present in various places of her black body. The smell of her sweaty body was driving me crazy. I just wanted to devour up this thing of beauty. We kissed again and this time her dark boobs brushed with my white ones too. I kissed her neck, then slowly moved my lips to her shoulders, and finally came down kissing her dark arms.
Shobha's body had a natural tribal smell added with sweat. Many people might have had a repulsive effect due to this but I on the contrary was further attracted to her. So as my lips kissed from her fingers to the upper arm I tried to move into her underarms. Shobha was surprised by my actions and she asked, "What are you doing dear?"
I replied, "Shobha my darling, your smell absolutely drives me crazy. I want to sniff and lick your underarms. Please let me."
Shobha laughed and said, "You are really crazy dear. Ok as you wish."
She lifted her right arm up and a dense hairy underarm came into my view. It was wet and sticky due to sweat and even before I went closer to it I could smell it's strong odour. I kissed, I sniffed the underarm. I moaned as I was so much turned on by it. I took out my tongue and started to lick her armpit. My tongue tasted the salty sweat from the sweeper woman's underarm. My hand automatically moved to her right boob and pressed it as my tongue went up and down the hairy journey.
Shobha moaned, "Oh it feels so nice. Yes lick it my babe don't stop."
Her words encouraged me to lick more and more, I felt as if I was going to move my tongue on her hairy pit forever. The more I licked the more horny I got and the more Shobha moaned. After some time I changed the arm and devoured the left underarm now. My hands were continuously playing with Shobha's black boobs while my face was glued to the underarm.
I then went to her belly and kissed her all over there, paying special attention to her navel. As my tongue teased in and out of her navel Shobha moaned in the tickling pleasure. I started to move my head in small circles as my lips kissed her abdomen, my tongue licked her navel. Shobha's moans increased as I started to go further down, I kissed her black thighs which were sweaty and sticky as well. I sucked at the thigh muscles, licking and kissing her madly. I moved from left thigh to the right and vice versa, and made Shobha squeak in delightful pleasure.
My mouth further invaded Shobha's hairy lower legs and went down kissing to reach her toe. The black feet of the sweeper woman were inviting me to be served and I complied. I took out my tongue and ran it on her toes, above and below. I sucked at her toe fingers, my tongue moving in and out of the gaps between the fingers. My ears listened to Shobha's moans, "Oh God Shreya my honey. I can't believe that you love me so much. Oh yeah my baby, lick my feet. Don't leave an inch, my love. Oh yes."
I lost track of the time I was on her feet but I enjoyed every bit of it. Shobha had lied down on the bed, and I put both her legs on my either shoulder and kissed on the legs madly. Then I bent myself down between her thighs and found my prize location, her hairy, wet, dripping pussy. I first put my nose on it and took in a deep breath, thus inhaling her sweet aroma. She was aroused as hell and hence she pressed her hand on the back of my head and cried, "Lick me!"
I was all ready to comply and hence took out my tongue and moved it up and down on the pussy. Shobha's body shook and she moaned loudly as I tasted her pussy. Each area of her body smelt and tasted unique and the taste of her pussy was no exception as well. It tasted a bit of urine, sweat and also a unique taste of her honey-pot. As I licked the hairy cunt of the sweeper woman, while I extended both my hands to press her boobs. I licked speedily now, my head going up and down in rapid motion and my tongue restlessly explored her private space. Shobha's moans grew louder and she clenched the bedsheet in excitement. With each movement of my tongue in her pussy Shobha came closer to her orgasm and when it finally hit her, her juices came freely in my mouth and I lapped them up.
After she had cum Shobha lay on her back for some more time and I rested between her legs, both of us had got exhausted by the session. After some time Shobha got up and helped me up and we kissed each other. Shobha said, "Darling you are such an amazing licker. Who says we need a man to satisfy our urges? We women can please each other too."
I smiled and kissed her again. After some fierce lip kissing I said, "Now you should please my urges too isn't it?"
Before Shobha could answer our heartbeat almost stopped when we heard a knock on the door. We were frozen at our place. After a second knock Shobha came to her senses and quickly handed me my clothes. She asked me to be in the back of the house and wait for her. There wasn't any room there but just a store beside her bathroom. I quickly slipped in my clothes and stayed there. Shobha wore her blouse and petticoat and opened the door.  
From the sounds that I heard while staying behind I could understand that it was another woman of the basti talking with Shobha. After about 5 minutes Shobha came back and called me to the room again. She said, "Oh we had a narrow escape dear. It was Aarti, my neighbor."
I said, "But your neighbor was supposed to be away from here."
Shobha said, "Yes, but she came back to inform me that I am also required to go to the site for some cleaning work. I am very sorry darling but I need to leave now."
I was so disappointed on hearing that I almost had tears in my eyes. Shobha consoled me and kissed all over my face. She said, "Don't worry love, we shall be meeting soon. Please understand."
I nodded my head in approval and we kissed one last time. I cleaned myself up and wore the clothes properly. Then I left for home. I was happy with the day's steamy love session but at the same time disappointed that it ended early. Nevertheless I knew that it was just one of many more days to come.