Barely Legal
by JRyter

Chapter 23 

Ms. Ellen Landers can really swim. She hardly even makes a ripple, she swims so smooth. She may be a pound or two overweight, but it looks damn good on her. She’s tan all over too, even in her butt crack - I got a good look at her butt, as she bent forward to dive off the side of the pool.

Her pussy doesn’t look any larger than my tight little pussy, and I’ve just now started fucking on a semi-regular basis. I wanted to kiss her pussy as soon as I saw it.

Jake? Well, Jake is another story altogether. He’s a tall lanky, redheaded boy - and though he has long legs, a huge cock, and a small, tight butt, I can tell he has something going on with his body that’s going to make an appearance real soon. I know boys’ bodies as well as I know my own body. Jake Landers is on his way to becoming one of the most popular boys I know. He could possibly be the next Bobby Cenneli in our school, and I just want to be one of his friends, because I know he’s going to have girls following him around like a momma dog with a litter of hungry puppies, whimpering along behind her.

That reminds me, I need to somehow meet his cousin, Laura. I’ve heard enough about her that I’m determined to see her naked and get some of her pussy too...

“Jake does your cousin Laura ever come over and swim naked with you and your Mom?”

“No, I really believe she despises me for some reason. I don’t know what I’ve done to make her feel that way. I’ve always been nice to her, but she just looks at me with a strange expression, and walks away.”

“Well, Mel and I would love to meet your Gramps Landers today, if we can. You said he likes girls and you know Mel and I like men as old as Mr. Dick.”

“Mom told me that Laura is working part time for Gramps at his dealership. Maybe if you and Mel can get her to like both of you, she will like me too. We need to go down to his dealership anyway, after we swim, and fuck Mom.”

“Hey, I like the way you plan things. Maybe I can help you get Laura to like you.”

“I have no doubt about it. I’d even put my money on you and Mel getting Gramps so excited, he will pay you and her for just a peek at your pussy. Shit! I’ll even put money on Laura wanting some of your sexy ass, too.”

“You help Mel and me make that happen, and I’ll see to it - Laura Landers, changes her feelings toward you.”

“Gramps has a private office next to his business office, and I’ve seen him naked with his two secretaries.”

“You peeped?”

“Heck No! I watched them. Gramps showed me how to open the medicine cabinet in his private bathroom and watch them through a glass window.”

“Damn, you’re making me horny. Let’s go fuck your Mom. You need to fuck Mel too. You’re going to love her pussy, as much as I do.”

Mel swam up to us and rubbed her titties against Jake’s arm, then smiled and swam away.

“Get that ass, Jake. She loves it from behind, just don’t put that cock of yours in her asshole.”

Ms. Ellen was sitting on the side of the pool with her feet dangling in the water. I swam over to kneel in the water, right in front of her. When she smiled at me and opened her legs, I moved closer and pressed my titties against her pussy.

“Denni, I hope you and Mel will be our friends for life. If I had a daughter, I would want her to be just as bold and adventurous as you. I can just look at you and my pussy gets wet with excitement. You are so beautiful, and yet you’re happy just being a young girl who loves life and loves making new friends.”

“Thank you for telling me that. That’s exactly the way I feel about myself, too. I love meeting pretty girls who love being adventurous like me, and I love meeting beautiful women like you, who are comfortable being with naked teenagers. You are so sexy, and if I was a boy Jake’s age, I would ask you for some pussy.”

“Since you’re not a boy, does that mean you don’t like pussy?”

“No, but I wasn’t sure about asking if I could eat your pussy, as you sit there smiling down at me.”

“You remind me so much of Laura when she was your age. She was adventurous too, but she was shy about letting others know she likes pussy. She and I were swimming and I took my swim suit off to get some sun. She did too, and I hugged her. That was all it took. You’ll never guess what she asked me.”

“To teach me how to love a woman?”

“YES!”

“And you did?”

“I sure did and we still get together. She’s shy about being naked in front of Jake, to the point of avoiding him, it seems. Honestly, I think she would love to see him naked and do a little exploring on her younger, male cousin. She’s asked me a hundred questions about him. I asked her once if she would like to swim naked with Jake and me. She told me yes, but she’s not ready yet.”

“She wants her cousin, doesn’t she?”

“Yes, and I have a feeling that as soon as she meets you and Mel, she will gather enough courage to at least show Jake she cares about him.”

“Is she on birth control?”

“Yes, and I know why you asked me that.”

“I don’t want Jake to get her pregnant. Not anytime soon, anyway. I want her to be sure, and I want to help her fuck him the first time.”

“When you set the trap for Laura and Jake, you should set one for Gramps Landers - my father-in-law.”

“Have you ever trapped him with your sweet little pussy?”

“No, but I have come so damn close to asking him to fuck me, many times. I’m sure he knows I’m willing, but it’s like he’s afraid I’ll say no.”

“If I can make him want to fuck me, will it be alright if I tease him about fucking you?”

“What will you tell him about me?”

“That I ate your pussy and yours is the sweetest, tightest pussy I’ve ever eaten ... if you’ll open your legs wider and lean back, I’ll make you feel so good, you’ll want to fuck Gramps Landers, just as much as I do.”

“I was a girl your age - the first and only time my pussy was eaten by a female. Already, you have my pussy dripping.”

“Did you eat her pussy, too?”

“Yes, and that was the only time. They moved away and we never saw each other again.”

“Lean over and kiss me, then I’m going to eat your pussy. If you want to join me, let me know and we’ll both eat pussy right here beside your pool.”

“I wish I were as bold as you ... I wish some of your boldness would rub off on Jake, too. That boy could have all the girls and most of the married women following him around, if he had half the self confidence you possess.”

“If we go to Landers, will you come with us?”

“Hurry, Denni. You have me shivering, I’m so ready to join you, Mel, Jake and Laura as we fuck and suck each other - at Gramps Lander’s.”

She opened her legs wide, and I reached back to grab her buttocks. As I pulled, she raised her butt to slide out to the edge of the pool. I kissed both her titties and sucked her nipples, before putting my hand between her titties, to push her back.

She’s leaning way back, with her arms behind her for support as I kiss her pussy, just before looking up at her between her huge titties.

“I love the taste of your pussy. I’m going to eat you now, and I want you to come in my mouth. If it’s good for you, get all the comes you can, while I drink your cum.”

I do love this woman’s pussy and I love the taste of her cum too. She can really let loose and fill my mouth as she hunches my face. As soon as I started eating her pussy, she grabbed a handful of my wet hair with both hands and pulled me closer.

I was so excited, I was trying to hunch the side of the pool when she pulled me up by my hair and pressed her lips to mine. She fell back and pulled me up with her.

My belly was pressed against her slick pussy, before she pulled me up until my titties were pressed against her huge titties. I was about to get my come, she was making me feel so good.

There were two beach towels spread out next to her, and she rolled me over on them, with her beside me. With her face next to mine, she smiled and told me, “I want to eat your pussy, Denni. You are so sexy and so eager to love. And now, you have me wanting to drink your cum.”

When she turned around to get on top of me, I was looking up at her sexy ass and her tight pussy. I wanted to eat her right then. Before I put my mouth over her pussy, I told her. “If I was a boy, I would lie on top of your sexy ass and fuck you from behind. I love your ass and you can just get ready too, I’m going to eat your ass too, as I eat your pussy.”

“Eat me, Baby. Here comes Mel and Jake to join us.”

“Make sure he uses a condom when he fucks me. I haven’t been on the pill long enough to trust them.”

“I had my tubes tied years ago and I love the feel of Jake coming inside my pussy. I’m sure you know by now, that boy of mine can come forever.”

“I love the way he fucks too. Damn, I love his cock and I hope his Gramps has one just like it.”

“Jake says he does. He told me his Gramps fucks those two girls who’re supposed to be his secretaries, until they beg him to stop. He told me that his Gramps pays those girls in cash, each time they fuck. You and Mel need to remember that. He may pay both of you if you perform well for him.”

“I love fucking for money. Have you ever taken money to fuck someone?”

“No, but I’d fuck Gramps Landers for free, if he wants some of my pussy. He’s a big tall, handsome man for his age. Just wait until you meet him. You’ll want him to get naked with you and Mel - Laura too, if she’s there today.”

“Does he treat Jake good?”

“OH - Does he ever! He lets him watch as he fucks his secretaries, as I told you - and he pays him lots of cash, just to empty his garbage. I shouldn’t tell on him for this, but I see Jake smiling ... He even pays Jake to fuck his secretaries while Gramps takes pictures and makes videos of them.”

“Mel and I love fucking on video.”

“When you and Mel meet Laura, you need to talk her into getting naked with you, right there in Gramps office. I honestly believe she would fall for you like all your friends, and probably join all of you as you fuck, in right there in Gramps office.”

“OH WOW! That makes me so fucking horny, I could let Jake fuck me with his naked cock - as long as he doesn’t come inside my pussy.“

“I would love to put his cock in your pussy, so I could lie underneath you, while licking his cock and balls, and your pussy too.”

“DO IT!

“Jake, don’t you dare come in my pussy!”

“I won’t. I’ll take my cock out and shove it inside Mom’s pussy. She can’t get pregnant, and she loves it when I come inside her.”

“Mel, you come over and sit on my face, so I can eat your pussy. We need to get this fuck party done and over with, so we can head over to Gramps Landers, and can get him naked with us.”

I love the feel of Jake’s big cockhead slipping into my pussy from behind. I could feel Ms. Ellen’s long tongue licking my pussy, just as his cockhead popped into my pussy. FUCK! I got my come so fast, it was over and I was wanting another one by the time Jake had all of his cock inside me.

Mel was hunching and riding my face like I was a pony and she didn’t own a saddle. If she gets to fuck Gramps Landers, I’m going to be under her like Ms. Ellen is me, and I’m going to make her go wild when I lick and eat her pussy from behind,

I felt Jake’s cock begin to swell and I tried to yell for someone to knock his horny-ass off me before he comes inside my pussy. Then, suddenly he was gone just as I started coming - and I wished his cock was back inside me.

They’ve got a big shower outside like we do - and Mel and her Mom too. All of us showered and soaped and laughed.

Mel and I put our blouses and miniskirts on, and Ms. Ellen put an almost sheer dress on, without panties or a bra, after Jake and I told her to leave them off.

“I can see my nipples, as plain as if I’m naked!”

“We love looking at them too ... I’ve already made up my mind, I’m going to hug Gramps Landers as tight as I can, so he’ll know I’m not wearing a bra.”

Ms. Ellen told me, “If you do, I will too. I’ve never hugged the man, and now, all of you teenagers have me wanting to fuck him.”

Jake said, “I hope Laura is there. I’m going to try real hard to act more like a man, and see if she’ll accept me as her cousin, at least.”

I told him, “Jake, if she’s there - when all of us start hugging, you grab her and hug her so tight, she can’t get away. When you turn her loose, I’ll hug her the same way and tell her that I love her cousin Jake - and I hope she’ll come swim with us at my house. I’ll even tell her that we swim naked - just to see what she says.”

“Do it, Denni - and I’ll make it up to you somehow, if it takes the rest of my life.”

We motioned for Ms. Ellen to enter the showroom first, then Mel went and I followed her. I looked back and Jake was right on my rear. He smiled and nodded toward the middle of the showroom.

I looked around to see Ms. Ellen hugging a very pretty girl, and I whirled to ask Jake, “Is that her?”

“That’s Laura Landers. Damn, Denni, she gets prettier every day.”

“She is beautiful, and she’s looking this way. I want to meet her now. I hope she likes me ... She’s still hugging your Mom and looking this way. She see’s you and she’s smiling.”

“She sees you ... She never smiles at me.”

“Let’s go get some of her sexy ass. Look at the way she’s hugging Mel, and look at them holding onto each others back ... OH HELL! Mel just put both hands on Laura’s butt, and she’s still smiling. I’m gonna get me some of her sexy ass.”

“I’m scared, Denni.”

“When I motion for you, I want you to come up and put your arm around my waist. I’m going to have my other arm around Laura. Do this for me and I’ll let you come in my pussy.”

“She’s still smiling. Damn, my cousin is beautiful.”

Ms. Ellen was standing beside Laura, and Mel when they stopped hugging and groping. She motioned for me, and I pulled Jake with me.

“Denni, I want you to meet my niece, Laura Landers.

“Laura, this is a very dear friend to Jake and me. Please give Denni Walker a warm hug like you gave Mel and me.”

“Hi Laura. You are just as beautiful as Ms. Ellen and Jake told us you were. I love your long hair too. Please, give me a hug and let me be your friend.”

“Denni, I have heard your name so many times, and I’m glad we get to meet. Mel told me I need to be ready for you, because you love pretty girls and I told her - I love Denni Walker already.”

“Did you really? If there wasn’t so many people watching, I would kiss you right here.”

“I’ve never been kissed, by a boy or a girl. Will you show me how? I mean later, since Jake and the others are watching.”

“I met your cousin Jake last week and we had so much fun swimming together. I shouldn’t tell on him, but we swam naked. Damn Laura, I do like your cousin a lot. I hope that’s alright. I need to tell you too, he told me he thinks you are the most beautiful young woman in our whole town.”

“Did he really? Uh, are you pulling him close? Jake and I have never been this close. OMIGOD, you’re making us hug.

“Jake, I uh, I mean, I ... Jake, can I have a hug too? I’ve wanted to hug you ever since you grew so tall three years ago. I’m not going to repeat what Mel told me about you, but I’m going to hug my cousin and see if that bulge really is you ... OMIGOD! Jake, that really is your, I mean, you down there, isn’t it. Hold me close, Jake. Hug me tight. Can you tell - I’m not wearing a bra?”

I told her, “I knew you weren’t wearing a bra when our titties mashed together. I knew you were going to make Jake’s cock get hard when you pulled him close. If you’ll let me, I want that kiss now.”

“Kiss me, Denni. I’m having such a warm, sensuous feeling all over my body.

“Hold me, Jake I want to kiss you next.”

I couldn’t wait any longer. I pulled her close and rammed my tongue to the back of her throat as she sucked my lips and bumped my pussy mound with her pussy mound. She cupped my titty and I cupped her titty.

“Kiss Jake, Laura. Your cousin is in love with you, and I hope you won’t hurt his feelings, by pushing him away.”

“Kiss me, Jake. I’ve been so afraid that you wouldn’t feel the same way I do - I wouldn’t even tell you how I feel about you. OH JAKE! OH YES!

“DENNI! You have your hand on my pussy ... OH YES, Move it just a little.

“Jake, is that your hand too?”

“Yes, Denni put my hand on your pussy. I wanted to, but I wanted you to tell me it was okay to feel of your pussy.”

“We need to go inside Gramps office. He’s back in his private office with Rhonda and Beth. If we hurry, we can watch them do it.”

“DO IT?” Jake asked - before I could.


Chapter 24
Posted: 9/3/2020, 1:25:23 PM
“Yes, you know what I mean ... They’re fucking, and I love watching them fuck. I hope y’all love watching people fuck, too.”

I told her, “Hurry and show us. I love watching old men fucking younger girls.”

“You do? You have no way of knowing this, but Gramps begs me to find him some young girls to fuck. I never have, but he told me he’d pay me - and them too - lots and lots of money.”

“Have you ever fucked your Gramps?”

“I’ve never fucked anyone. You’re the first person to even kiss me. Have you ever fucked a boy?”

“I did once. OH DAMN Laura - I do love fucking. I think Jake wants some of my pussy too. I hope you don’t get mad at me, but I’d let him fuck me, and even let you watch us.”

“We need to get Gramps in on that. He’ll pay lots of money to see Jake fuck you.”

“Would you take off your clothes too, if we get naked and fuck?”

“I want to, but I’m too bashful. Uh ... I shaved my pussy last night, and I’d be embarrassed for everyone to see me like that.”

“Did you really? Do you like feeling your bald pussy?”

“I love the way my pussy feels. If I were brave enough, I’d pull my panties down and show you, and Jake too.”

“I’m not wearing panties or a bra. Take a look at my pussy and tell me what you think.”

“OH WOW! I love your bald pussy too, Denni. Has anyone ever touched your pussy? I mean, other than that one boy you fucked?”

“Mel and I are lovers. We love each others pussy. I hope you still want to be my friend, after me telling you that.”

“I would love to be with you and Mel when you love each other. I’ve never been naked with a girl or boy, and I’m excited to have this conversation with you. Can we go inside Gramp’s office and take our clothes off? We can watch him fuck his two secretaries.”

“Would you mind if Jake and I touch you all over your naked body, as we watch?”

“I think I would like that. I mean, I want to, but I never have. Is Jake going to be naked too?”

“Ask him, and we’ll go watch your Gramps fuck. I hope he’ll save me a good fucking too. I love to fuck, and you will too, if you let Jake and me show you how.”

“Jake, will you take your clothes off when Denni, Mel and your Mom take theirs off?”

“I will, if you will. I’ve always wanted to see you naked. Well, I’ve daydreamed of us being naked together.”

“I’ve daydreamed about us doing that too, but I never thought you and I would actually be naked together. I’m excited, and I will if you will. Can we kiss again, I mean, while we’re naked?”

“Sure, and I hope you’ll let me touch your titties too. You really have some big ones. Almost as big as Mom’s ... Uh, if Mom wants to take her dress off and sit next to us, would you let her touch you too?”

“YES! I want to do it all. I mean, I want to do all the things you, Denni, Mel, and your Mom do with each other. I feel so good, don’t you?”

“Do you ever touch your own titties?”

“Yes, and I’ve tried to suck my nipples, but I can’t reach them. Do you suck your Mom’s titties?”

“Oh Hell Yeah! I can make her come, just by sucking her titties.”

“OH WOW! I’d love for you to suck mine. I’ve never had a come, but I really feel good at times, then it’s like I let it slip away before I can get to the really good part.”

“Don’t sit over there. Come sit on my legs, so we can touch and talk. We’ll sit between Mom and Denni. They want to touch you too, if you’ll let them.”

“Look through this big window - Gramps had installed yesterday. We can see him with Rhonda sitting on his legs like I’m sitting on yours. I can see his big dick going in and out of her pussy too.”

I asked her, “If I told you that Jake’s cock is bigger than Gramps Lander’s cock, would you still sit on his lap?”

“OH MY GOD! Jake, your cock really is larger than Gramps! Will you let me pull it up between my thighs when I sit on your lap? I’m not sure we can get your cock inside my pussy, even though my pussy feels like it’s dripping wet.”

“Laura, pull his cock up next to your pussy, and I’ll show you how I love sucking his cock with it sticking up like that. You can slide forward, and I’ll suck your pussy too.”

“OH WOW DENNI! You can take Jake’s cock way deep inside your mouth. I want you to teach me how to do that...

“Jake, can you hold my titty, and kiss me while Denni is sucking your cock?”

“I would love to. You better be careful how you slide back and forth on my legs - if Denni shoves my cock back, it could slip inside your pussy and we’d be fucking.”

“Will you go slow and not hurt my pussy? My Mom told me that a boy will rip my pussy apart and I’ll hurt for life, if I ever let him put his nasty old dick in my pussy.”

“Do you trust Denni, Mel and me not to hurt you? You can ask Mom if my cock hurts her pussy when we fuck. I don’t want to hurt you, I want to love you.”

“Do you really? I have wanted to love you for a long time now. Can we start today? Kiss me again, and let Denni put your cock in my pussy. I’m so excited, I may just fuck you, for our first time.”

Before I put Jake’s cock in her pussy, I leaned over and sucked her little pussy until she screamed, just as her cum filled my mouth. I knew she was ready to fuck, and pushed Jake’s cock down as he moved back. As soon as his cock was against her pussy, Laura was fucking her body back and forth, trying to get more.

I leaned forward and sucked her right titty, just as Mel leaned over to suck her left titty.

Laura and Jake were looking down at his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. I looked at Jake and mouthed at him - KISS HER!

I thought sure he would break her neck the way he pulled her head and upper body around. I’m proud of my redheaded friend, Jake Landers. He’s taking charge for the first time in his life and I do believe, he’s about to become a man.

Laura was going fuckin wild as she slid back and forth on his cock. They were still locked up, lip to lip when Laura began to hum and groan deep inside her chest. I knew she’s about to get her first come, and I slid my hand up Jake’s fat cock until I felt her swollen clitty. That was all it took. Jake Landers became a man in his cousin Laura’s eyes as she sprayed her cum out to cover all of us.

I was wiping her cum off and noticed Ms. Ellen standing at the window, watching Gramps Landers and his secretaries fuck. She motioned for me, and I pulled Mel, Laura and Jake with me.

Laura told us, “Let’s all go in there naked, and join their fucking.

“Jake, you need to fuck Beth and Rhonda both, as I sit on Gramps lap and soften him up so he’ll want to get his money bags out. Don’t worry, my pussy belongs to you, from now on...

“Gramps, I want you to meet two close friends of ours. This is Denni Walker, and over here is Melanie Stormier, better known as Mel. I need to tell you right here in front of Rhonda, Beth, Mom, and Laura - Denni and Mel love to fuck older men.

“Laura told them that you pay girls who come in and fuck you, and the girls make lots of money. Now, they want to fuck you.”

Gramps Landers asked Jake, “Jake, have you fucked both these beautiful young girls?”

“I sure have, and you better be rested, because they love fucking, and they love big cocks.”

“Denni, you and Mel get your sexy butts over here and give Ol’ Gramps a hug. You girls sure have some sexy young bodies.”

“Mister Landers, can Mel and I call you Gramps, too?”

I put my hands over my face, but not before I winked at Mel. I know her as well as she knows me, and she spoke right up.

“Mr. Landers, Denni and I never got to know our gramps. Both of them passed away, before we were old enough to know who they were. As soon as Jake told us we were coming here to meet you, Denni and I decided to ask you to be our gramps too.”

She looked at me and both of us sobbed as we grabbed each other.

I’m not sure if anyone else fell for this pity-party shit, but Gramps Landers sure did. He pulled both of us up close and told us, “You girls stop that crying right now. You now have a Gramps who already loves you and wants to make sure you never feel left out again.”

I saw Mel looking at me as she winked. Both of us reached up to hug his neck, smearing our titties all over his face as we did. He was laughing, and we started laughing too.

“Thank you, Gramps Landers. Mel and I have never been naked in front of a grown man before. We did swim naked with Jake and Ms. Ellen earlier, and I’m sure you know by now, Jake is truly your grandson, and he speaks so highly of you. He told us that he learned all about sex, by watching you diddle your secretaries.”

I saw Ms. Ellen put her hand over her mouth and laugh, just before she told me, “Denni, we’re all grown up enough to use the adult terms for a man and woman having sex together.”

“Yes Ma’am, but we were told not to say fuck, because it’s a bad word and we’re not old enough to say bad words.”

“Well, if you and Mel are going to be members of the Landers family, you’ll have to learn all the bad words and talk the way Gramps and I do.”

“Does that mean we get to call you Aunt Ellen?”

“It sure does, and now, you and Mel are cousins to Jake and Laura.”

“Are Jake and Laura kissing cousins?”

“Yes they are, and they love kissing each other.”

“Do you and Gramps kiss each other?”

I saw her look at Gramps, then Gramps grinned, and told her, “Ellen, I think we need to show all your nieces and your son just how much we love kissing.”

Ms. Ellen told him, “Gramps, I agree. I hope you can get that huge cock up again, because I’ve wanted your cock in my pussy for years, and today, I’m not going to be denied.”

I told him, Gramps, “Mel, Laura, and I want Rhonda and Beth to teach us girls how to suck each others pussies. We saw them sucking each other before we came in here, and all of us decided we want to learn all about that. We want Jake to fuck all five of us, just like you were fucking Rhonda and Beth, while they ate each others pussy.”

Gramps looked at Jake, “Jake, my boy, you are on your own. You’ll have five hot ass beauties to satisfy, because I’m going to be busy the rest of the afternoon.

“Come to Gramps, Ellen. You and I have waited too long for this and my cock is straining in anticipation of getting inside your hot body.”

I lucked up and was the first one to have my pussy eaten by Rhonda. That girl can eat my pussy anytime, anywhere! Then, I was first to be fucked by Jake. Jake and I have fucked enough that we can hit high gear just about any time we can get his cock inside my pussy. I’m glad he remembered to put a condom on, because my pussy was feeling so fuckin good, I would not have stopped him from filling it with his cum.

Gramps and Aunt Ellen were cooling it when I crawled over to where they were. I kissed Gramps on his lips and slipped him some tongue.

Aunt Ellen was watching us, then she told him, “Jake, you need to show your granddaughter what her Gramps cock feels like when it plows her little pussy. Just remember to stop and put a condom on, because she hasn’t been on the pills a full month yet.”

Gramps looked at me and smiled as he opened his arms. I crawled up until we were face to face and kissed him again.

“How long have you been on the pill, Denni?”

“Twenty-eight days and I start my period tomorrow. I’ll start taking the pills again in five days. I wish I was there now, I’d let you be the first man to come in my pussy.”

Aunt Ellen told me, “Hon, you should be safe, if you start your period tomorrow, and you’ve been on them for twenty-eight days already.”

I looked at Gramps and he was smiling. “Sugar, I’ll give you five thousand dollars to let me be the first man to come inside your pussy - right now.”

“Five thousand?”

I was shocked, and I must have made him think that wasn’t enough.

“Okay, I’ll double it and pay you ten thousand dollars, to let me be the first man to blow my come inside your pussy!”

“Count your money, Gramps. Here I come and my pussy is ready for that big cock of yours.”

Aunt Ellen told me, “Get up here and spread your legs wide around his hips. I’ll hold his cock up for you so you can get him started in your pussy.”

“Gramps, I can make Jake come twice in a row, if he changes condoms ... If I can make you come twice in a row with your naked cock, will you pay me double? If you will, I’ll turn around and let you fuck me and hold my titties the second time.”

“You fuck me the first time, and I’ll fuck you the second time. If you can make me come inside your pussy both times, I’ll pay you twenty thousand dollars in cash.”

“Gramps, I’ll bet you ten thousand dollars - of my winnings, that Mel can make you come inside her pussy two times in a row, if you’ll pay her ten thousand each time, when she wins.”

“I love betting, and since we’re betting on me fucking two young pussies in a row, I’ll make her the same bet, and I’ll take your bet and even pay you double, if she can make me come twice in a row, after I’ve fucked you twice.”

“I’ve got to warn you, Gramps. Mel has a tiger inside her pussy, and she’ll make you think she’s about to rip your cock off.”

“I hope my two new granddaughters come see me at least twice a week. I love your spunky, sexy ass, Denni.”

“Get ready, Gramps. Here comes my spunky-sexy-pussy.”

I remembered how it felt the first time Mr. Dick got his come inside my pussy and how my pussy was gripping and pulling on his cock. Gramp’s cock isn’t quite as big as Jake’s cock, or Mr. Dick’s cock, but it’s way longer. Once I got his cockhead inside my pussy, I knew I was going to walk out of here a rich young first-time whore.

I was bouncing my ass up and down on his belly, taking his cock all the way inside me - but I needed more. I pulled the hair away from his fat nipples and sucked the first one until he yelled. Then, I switched over and sucked his other nipple until I felt him coming inside me. He comes a lot, but not near as much as Mr. Dick.

Before he could stop me, I backed up and sat on his cock as Aunt Ellen held it up for me. I thought he was going to lose his erection, but once I had him all the way inside my pussy again, he started hunching his ass up and down, making his cock run deep.

He reached around and cupped both my titties, and I thought my pussy was going to tear his cock off, it was gripping and pulling him so hard and fast.

Then, I felt his cock swell, just before he loaded my pussy with cum the second time. By the time he stopped spurting, I had gotten my third come and I was wishing I had bet him all my winnings, on our second fuck.

“Denni, you can fuck as good as Rhonda and Beth, and they’ve been fucking since the first day I hired them ... If you’ll eat both their pussies in front of the cameras, as Jake fucks you from behind, I’ll pay you another ten thousand.”

“Will Jake get paid too?”

“He sure will. Jake and I are going to be partners one day, and I want my grandson to be as good at fucking the ladies as I’ve been over the years.”

“Then you should pay Jake and Aunt Ellen, to fuck for the cameras. They can really get it on, when he gets all of his cock inside her tight pussy.”

“Little Lady, I may just hire you to be my Talent Scout, my Director, and my Producer, of all our fuck videos from now on.”

“Will you hire Mel as my assistant? If you will, she and I will get our Mom’s to come over and fuck you on camera. As much as they love to fuck big cocks, they will probably want to fuck Jake on camera too ... if you’ll pay them.”

Aunt Ellen told him, “Gramps, since your nephew and niece are just now beginning to fuck each other, you should pay them to fuck in front of your cameras.”

“Ellen, I’ll pay them like I’m paying Denni and Mel, if you’ll eat Laura’s pussy while Jake fucks you from behind, then you and Laura swap up and fuck some more.”

She laughed, and asked him, “How much will you pay me to fuck you on camera, Jake?”

“Ellen, if you’re serious - I’ll make you, Laura, and Jake a deal you can’t refuse.”

“We’re listening. I know this is going to be good, I see you smiling already, and now your cock is swelling again. Tell us what you have for us.”

“If you, Jake, and Laura - will move in with Rhonda, Beth, and me, I’ll pay each of you five thousand a week to fuck and suck on camera. You can lease your house out and make lots more money, besides getting to sleep with me each night.”

“Will we still have Denni and Mel as our Talent Scouts, Directors, and Producers?”

“You better believe we will, besides them starring in our fuck videos with us.”

