Stella Fucked By Childhood Friend Sameer - II
Posted on October 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under Straight Couples
Hi all Humandigest readers I'm sameer again. I had my first story on 14 Feb 2016 Stella Fucked By Childhood Friend Sameer.

Now here again I'm to narrate how I Fucked the tight ass of stella., as I promised. Let me again tell u something abt me, I'm 24 yrs, 5.8 ht and athletic body guy from Mumbai. My brother down is 7inch long and 3inch thick. My partner Stella is my school friend and she has great ass and figure of 34 30 36 as of typical south Indian girl.

Stella is wirking in one of the leading company in Mumbai. She always wears a tight western dress which makes all men to oogle at her. Now coming to the story, after first time we started to fuck regularly. Sometimes at her home and mostly at her room. We fucked in almost each and every position which include doggy, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, etc.

But she never allowed me to fuck her ass. But I was desperate to fuck her virgin ass. So the luck smiled at me and I had my chance. I still remember, it was august 7 Sunday when we had an steamy and hot sex at her house. After sex we were relaxing and chatting, while chatting she said that she has applied for holiday on 16th august.

I didn't understood anything, she said that 14 being Sunday is holiday and 15 the independence day, 17 pateti so 16 will make my holiday of continue 4 days. We can enjoy this period to fullest. She had already booked an hotel in the outskirts of Pune for the same Period. She said me to be ready so that we can enjoy ourselves without any disturbances or problem.

The d day came and we boarded a train to Pune on 13th night. I made an excuse of going to friends wedding at my home and she also made same excuse. We boarded tirunelveli express and reached at Pune hotel by 2 am in night. We both were exhausted but I was also restless to fuck Stella in the huge king sized bed of hotel.

Until then she was already freshened up and said me to get fresh. After that when I came back to room she was readying herself for sleep. I was disappointed, I asked her whether we are here to sleep? She replied that today she had more work at office, so she was tired. We can have each other from tomorrow and saying this she slept.

I was not at all feeling sleepy, so was lying down at the bed and was watching porn. It got me on fire and I was horny. So I decided that I will fuck her today itself. I started massaging her boobs from above of her night dress, she was telling no not today please. But I was not listening her, I was already hard. K just lifted her nighty and pushed my hard cock in her pussy.

She was almost shocked by my sudden entrance which she was not expecting. She was shouting like hell that our neighbouring room members could have heard her. I quickly tried to close her mouth from my hand. After few seconds I was fucking her vigorously from back side and she also started enjoying it. After sometimes I came in her pussy itself.

Till now she came twice. Now we both got up and tip toed to bathroom and cleaned ourselves. When we returned, sleep was distant from our eyes, we started kissing each other. We almost kissed for 10min. I was continuously fondling her boobs while kissing. After kissing we went in 69 position and sucked each other.

I was continuously sucking her clitoris and fingering her with my one finger. She started to tremble in pleasure and she had an wild orgasm. I drank the love juice which was of great taste. She said me that it was one if best orgasm she had ever. We were kissing each other now. I made her to be in doggy style on the edge of the bed. She obliged and made an entrance to her pussy.

She started moaning 'oh ahh aaaahhh, fuck me fuck me harder fuck me haaarder sameer I want all your baby making cum in my pussy you fucker, make me your bitch fuck me like animal you beast show me how good you can fuck this slutty pussy'. All this talk was making me horny, and I started fucking her more wildly.

She started squeezing her pussy and felt like her pussy walls contracting and she came. She came harder and I stopped my movement and stayed in her pussy. She was lost in passion an ecstasy, I inserted my one finger in her ass and started fingering it. She was still aware of this due to the passionate orgasm. I started to and fro movement of my finger at higher speed.

She came to senses, and just pushed me sohard, that we were separated. She scolded me that she was not ready for ass fucking. So I again went near her and grabbed her by her neck and started kissing her, her anger was subsided. I started fingering her pussy and placed pillow below her ass. This made her pussy and ass more wide open.

I placed myself at her ass and gave a tight push such that it went 2 inch deeper. She started to cry and I kissed her. She was continuously hitting me and trying to get away frome. But I was too strong for her. I remained at that position and kept kissing her and fondling her boobs. I now started sucking her boobs and kneading other at some time.

I gave some love bites on her boobs. After sometime her pain subsidized, and she was kissing me. Then I made an another push and my cock went few inch deeper. Now she was ready for this, she folded her legs and gripped me from her legs on my waist. I understood this is indication. So I started fucking her ass slowly.

She was moaning and uttering naughty and bad words like ohh my god, u hav just teared my ass, u mother fucker please fuck me. Fuck me ohh yaeahhh. Fuck me right there you are so great I love u sameeerrrr...

After sometimes I came in her ass, and fell on her boobs. She also came during our session. She started kissing me and she said that I teared her ass, now she will be not be able to walk properly for few days. On that I said who is asking you to walk, we can enjoy by being on bed only and we laughed loudly on this. Then we had look at watch it was already 5.30 in morning.

We were so tired by the fucking session, that we didn't even know when we fell asleep. This was my story. I will update how I enjoyed the 4 days later. Till then bye and keep fucking because it is best exercise.

Will be waiting for your comments and replies below.