Prologue:

She wanted her story told and yet she wanted to keep her identity secret. She understood that there are a limited number of wives of winning Superbowl quarterbacks and that her tale would lead to a lot of speculation about her identity. For some reason this did not bother her as much as people knowing who she actually was and so I agreed to print her story, in her own words, for the world to see. As to where I fit in with this tale of love, lust and depravity, I was the man she dumped for the quarterback and she knew I understood her. So here it is in her own words:

I knew right away that the Quarterback was the kind of man I desired and it wasn't hard to steal him away from his baby's mama. He is just the kind of man I need in my life, someone who is known as a manly man, ruggedly handsome and a leader of men, yet to me he bows to my every whim. I love to sit my ass on his face and then as I rub his little dick between my fingers I call him my little pussy boy. This always makes him cum for as he and I both know, the only thing that turns him on is humiliation.

I saw it right away and it makes sense if you think about it, his whole life he has been praised and put on a pedestal but what he craved was to be degraded and belittled. He refused to marry his baby's mama saying marriage wasn't his thing but when I told him we were getting married he said yes Mam. At our small ceremony, he on his knees at my side I looked him in the eyes and told him I was carrying another man's baby and this child would be his responsibility his look of shock gave me such a rush I almost orgasmed. To make sure the world would know, I even named 'our' son after his father. I make all the decisions in our household, from where we live to how long his hair should be.

Of course, the quarterback is my cuckold as his manhood is far too small to please my voracious appetites. Although I want a hubby to bow before me and to serve me as I see fit, I want my lovers to be real men who take me for their pleasure using me in whatever way they wish. I think my desires to be a wanton slut further degrades my Hubby and that in turn excites us both. He tells me he hates this but his worm proves to me he is lying, as it gets so hard while he helps me prepare for my nights out with my many lovers. He is such a perfectionist and he works so hard and takes pride in how sexy I look when I'm ready to leave.

With all this said I want it understood that I love my hubby and even if I don't consider him a man, I do love him as a mate. It was this love that made me want to help when I saw how concerned he was about the Superbowl he was about to play in. I instructed him to invite the whole team over to our house for a barbecue. I thought he would weep as he got on his knees to thank me for allowing this to happen.

The afternoon of the party my house was filled with so much testosterone it was making my panties wet. While hubby was outside in the cold cooking our dinner, I tried to separate the team into their respective groups. First, I gathered the offensive linemen; I invited all five into my bedroom. I took off my sweater to expose my cute breasts and then on my knees I invited them to form a line for one of my special blowjobs. I have always been praised for my skills in the art of oral, except from my hubby, for I have never allowed him that privilege. It didn't take long to drain all five of them and then I informed them all that if they helped hubby win his Superbowl I would allow them to have me any way they wanted. I went through the whole team this way with a BJ and a promise; of course, I made mental notes of equipment as I'm always looking to increase my stable of studs.

This was by far my most exciting Superbowl and as I cheered for my hubby's team, I kept hopping for a chance to be a real slut and gangbang queen. Well they didn't win but I decided wait to keep up my end of the bargain to the teammates who deserved it. I rented the royal suite at the big hotel down town using hubby's credit card. I invited the whole team but turned certain receivers away at the door just so they would know what they missed besides the passes they dropped. The room was filled with big hairy men all horny and looking for their reward. I gave it to them all, I let them have all my holes as many times as they could go sometimes I had every hole filled with cock and both my hands full as they used teamwork to make sure I was properly fucked. We all went all night long until everyone was satisfied and the last man left me lying on the huge bed in a pool of sweat and cum. I had been covered in cum as well and I could feel it drying on my face, my body, and matted in my hair. My body was bruised, I had teeth marks on my breasts, and I was sure my backdoor was bleeding. I had never had so many orgasms and even wondered if I'd ever cum again. I called hubby and told him where I was and to come get me. I allowed him to use his tongue to sooth my torn and worn out pussy but was surprised when he coaxed yet another climax out of me. He really is my good little pussy boy and as a reward I let him put his little dick inside me, I think he lasted about twenty seconds.

Epilogue:

This was her story, as to whether or not she should get credit for her husband's Superbowl close game I will leave that to the reader. I found her tale as fascinating as I found her beautiful. This very complex woman with different demands from her lovers and her mate. He knows what she wants and accepts what satisfies her desires. I feel she is happy with the lifestyle choices she has made and I can only assume her husband is as well. I wish them both luck and I can't wait until he gets his team back into the Superbowl. I am sure the quarterback and his wife will feel the same way. 