You brought me gifts? 

Chapter 2

Ronon was now going to take control of the situation, he had already pushed Carter over onto her back and half draped himself over her body, his leg wrapped over hers. With his free hand, he skated over the delicate and firm skin, teasing as he moved his fingers in circles further down her body. Watching her eyes intently not wanting to break the stare, he let his fingers trace over her mound of fine hairs, and over her sex. Carter returning Ronon's gaze, bit her lip and inhaled as the Satedan's fingers hunted for her clit. She moved her free leg further to the side, giving Ronon license to delve deeper. Responding to her signal, Ronon let his finger travel down into the soft, wet folds between her legs. Dipping his finger inside her wet pussy, Carter let out a groan.

"Feel good?" Ronon asked, although not really needing a reply.

"You drive me crazy, you know that don't you?"

Ronon just gave a grin, the one that says, 'yeah, I know' and continued to play. Moving deeper inside her, he could feel her muscles grip his fingers as he let his thumb rub up against her clit. Taking hold of Ronon's face she pulled him closer to her, she needed to kiss the full lips that were before her. Leaning in, and running his tongue over her lips, licking gently, waiting for her mouth to open wider for him to enter. With both of their tongues searching each other's mouths hot and wet, Carter now breathing heavily into his mouth as his dexterous digits teased her pussy, he could feel her body shudder.

With her orgasm beginning, Carter's breathing grew more rapid, she was panting. Ronon released her lips briefly, "hmm….yeah, c'mon babe, cum for me" before replacing his slick tongue back into her mouth. Carter could feel the build of her climax, the flush of heat that ran through her body, unable to control herself, her body now twitching and her hips bucking to push against the firmly placed hand between her legs. Ronon's cock was hard, the thought of his lover climaxing was making him hot. The motion of Carters hips and thighs thrusting were rubbing his erection, and his cock now leaked precum onto her skin. Unable to remain tacit any longer she let out a cry, her voice swallowed by Ronon's hot mouth. Ronon raised his head slightly to watch her face as her orgasm ran through her body, wanting to feel the pleasure along with her, "yeah baby" he groaned out, low and throaty.

The cessation of her climax was imminent, her body began to relax and the heavy breathing became quieter, only whimpering briefly as Ronon removed his finger from the spent pussy. Bringing his hand up to her face, he traced along her mouth, pasting her lips with her juices then forced his finger into her mouth "suck" he demanded. Carter obeyed, sucking hard she watched Ronon's eyes which seemed to light up. He slowly pulled his hand back to remove his finger, Carter smiled and spoke "that turns you on doesn't it?"

"Hmm" Ronon replied, raising one eyebrow and grinning.

Reaching his hand over and the side of her body, Ronon pushed himself up onto his knees. Taking hold of Carters legs, he motioned to her to turn over, twisting her legs slightly to encourage her. Turning onto her stomach and placing her legs either side of Ronon's thighs she shuffled herself lower, her beautiful round ass pointing towards him. Ronon reached for a pillow, and lifting her up, maneuvered it under her hips.

Ronon massaged the soft skin all the way up to her shoulders then back down, following the curve of her lower back, and then lingering over her cheeks. Kneading her buttocks like dough, he gently pushed them apart to view her ass. Shuffling himself backwards and leaning forward flicked her anus with the tip of his tongue. Carter moaned and pushed her ass higher, wanting to encourage her lover to repeat his performance. Ronon responded with an encore, but lingered for a moment instead of leaving. Leaning back and taking hold of his dripping cock, he pushed forward to tease her damp pussy, rubbing himself back and forth and then up to her ass. "Uh fuck," he groaned as he watched his slick cock, now soaked with Carters juice and that of his own as it slide up between her cheeks. Squeezing them together to grasp his erection, he pumped gently then after a few strokes angled himself downwards and thrust deep into the wet pussy. Both of them groaning at the same time, Carter pushed her hands deeper into the bed and raised herself up onto all fours. Ronon took hold of her hips and pulled her towards him, thrusting hard and deep. She felt tight from this angle and Ronon grunted as he continued to pump her. Reaching with one hand up her back to her neck pushed his fingers through her hair and pulled her head back, at the same time placing his other hand round her waist to lift her up bringing her to a kneeling position.

"Oh God, Ronon!" Carter whined as he tugged at her hair, turning her head to the side so he could thrust his tongue into her mouth. She cupped his face in her hand and suckled him, Ronon let out a groan, and he moved his other hand down to her clit and teased her with his fingers. Breathing hard, both of them moving as one as their bodies reeled together and Ronon's groans ever louder. His cock was ready to explode, the hotness around it was tight and the juices from Carters pussy making the feeling intense. Releasing her and pushing her forward with his hips, Ronon supported himself over her prostrated body. Pulling out of the sodden heat and rolling back, he moved his hands onto Carters cheeks. Rubbing himself between them, he dipped the tip of his tingling cock into her anus and growled deeply, the feeling was intense, Carters response was quick, making her take in a sharp breath and then crying out "fuck!"

"Aw … feels good" Ronon moaned and teetered a moment before moving, waiting for a further response from his lover. Carter pushed herself backwards, slowly. Ronon didn't move, not wanting to cause any pain he remained motionless, waiting. With her head buried in the pillow, Carter was whining, but she didn't stop, impaling herself on the thick length she pushed harder, Ronon gasping as she moved. He let his hands rest gently on her cheeks, careful not to pull at her, letting her make all the movements. It was difficult as he wanted to thrust inside her but knew the size of his cock would be too much all at once and waited patiently. Feeling the pressure build inside him, he was almost cuming, but fought back the urge. "play with me Ronon" Carter asked, Ronon immediately bid as she asked, reaching his hand round to her clit, his fingers teased her folds, she was unbelievably wet, almost dripping and he realized the act they were performing was turning her on immensely. "Oh God Ronon! Don't stop" He didn't, and as she started to shake with ecstasy, her hips jutting towards Ronon, he couldn't stop himself. Thrusting and bucking his hips, Carter cried out "Fuck Ronon, I'm cuming"

"Me too" he gasped through sharp breaths, as his orgasm coursed through his body. "Aw…aw…aw… fuck!" he groaned. At the same time, Carter's body was now shaking and convulsing uncontrollably, as she too was now in the height of her climax. Together in unison, they cried out. Heat spread through both of their bodies, their nerve endings where all on fire, together their bodies exhausted themselves for what appeared to be forever, but lasted only moments.

As the intensity of their orgasms abated and they came down from their delirium their breathing calmed. Removing himself from inside his elated lover Ronon placed his arms around Carter's body and held her close, planting a kiss on her shoulder as he did. Carter responded to the affection and turned her head to meet his. Smiling together, their glances confirmed to each of them, that they were both satisfied.

"You okay?" Ronon asked, concerned he may have hurt his lover in his final stages of his climax.

"Yes, perfect" came the reply, followed by a lingering kiss.