"Is it your proposal that we become prostitutes?"
Rhian huffed loudly at the mere suggestion that she and Lucy have sex for money.
"Not prostitutes, no. Escorts to the stars more like."
Lady Sonia Kensington was not her real name but it sounded better to the upper echelons of society. No, her Ladyship was born plain Deidre Birchwood in Lewisham back in 1970 and had since become the sole director of the renamed Lady Sonia's Glamour Girls Services.
In direct rivalry with the Samantha Bond Agency, the same people who represented many of the famous Sun Page Three girls, she had famously stolen several of the most popular topless glamour models of the time.
"Thanks."
Her Ladyship thanked a passing waiter for the light and blew smoke from taking a long puff on her Djarum black cigarette. She looked at the two ravishing models across the table and took a healthy gulp of Chardonnay.
Lucy Pinder had been born in December 1983 and had enjoyed a long career modeling since her debut in 2003. The curvy brunette was noted for her large and natural breasts which measured a stunning 32GG. She had brushed her lush mane of chestnut hair in a side parting that showed off her high right cheekbone.
Rhian Sugden in contrast was a tall and brown eyed blonde with equally spectacular 32F breasts.
They had been sharing a flat for the past year and had grown close, hitting clubs and dating various men, separate and together.
They love to shop during their spare time when not on modeling projects and assignments.
On this occassion both wore classic black dresses which displayed ample bosoms, textured by the stretchy tightness of their chosen attire.
"Plenty of visitors come to England every day including movie stars, directors, sport personalities, wealthy business men, you name it. Some are here for a duration of time which they find tedious and even lonesome. You two can provide some, shall we say, diversions."
"Right. You mean fuck 'em." Scoffed Lucy.
"I leave that entirely to your discretion. But let me just say there will be an added bonus if either of you, you know."
"How much are we talking?" Said Rhian who folded her arms and leaned back in her seat waiting to be impressed.
"Try this?"
Sonia slid a piece of folded paper across the table and Rhian picked it up and took a look.
"Bloody hell!"
The surprised blonde glamour puss handed it to the equally stunned Lucy.
"Well, I can't deny the fact that I love sex, and I do love money."
Lucy turned the note over and over as she digested the welcome numbers on the paper.
"For that much I'd fuck Prince Andrew!"
"Hmm, you never know." Replied Her Ladyship with a sly grin and a faraway look. "We all know he can't keep his pants on for too long. But I'm talking more of your Hollywood stars in general."
"I wouldn't mind jumping Brad Pitt's bones, I can tell you that much."
"You know that Tom Cruise was in England for ten months filming 'Eyes Wide Shut' a few years ago." Sonia told them both.
"Tom Cruise!" Cried Rhian and clapped her hands excitedly.
"Sugs, do me a favour. He's a bloody midget!"
"For this much I fuck midgets."
Rhian waved the slip of paper in Lucy's face and shrugged.
"Look, girls. I've been in your shoes and have 'entertained' for money in my younger days. It's not all bad, believe me."
Sonia reflected on her own history of modeling. Not so attractive facial wise as the girls she did however possess a generous bust measuring a mouth watering 34F bra size.
She had featured heavily in fetish magazines and bondage video's and had quickly gained a reputation in those circles of admirers. She still made the odd appearance on her webcam show featuring as an elegant and wealthy MILF, stripping, masturbating and fucking.
"It's only sex, darlings. You could clean up quite quickly."
"Yeah, think of it as a business transaction, babes."
Rhian shrugged as she looked into Lucy's smiling face.
'Yeah, like we're prostitutes."
As she spoke the idea started to turn her on, despite her reservations. Maybe Brad Pitt WOULD turn up one day, who knew. The more Lady Sonia spoke, the more convincing she became.
"Alright. We'll do a one off and see how it goes. Agreed?"
Lucy clapped her hands and mouthed the word yes.
"Super. Well, my loves. I'll keep in touch. Cheers."
They all clinked glasses and swallowed their drinks.

"Don't force it, just glide."
"It's amazing. I love these tits. Spectacular."
Robert Downey Jr could not believe his eyes the first time he saw Rhian Sugden naked. At a tall five seven she was like a six page foldout of a magazine centrefold with the staples removed. Silky blonde hair framed her beautiful face and tumbled down to the tops of her stupendous breasts. Her waist was almost non existent, her stomach flat, and her hip bones were noticeably prominent to the point that the eye was naturally drawn to her bald pussy mound.
"Go on then."
Rhian went onto her haunches and placed her hands behind her head, thrusting her hefty tits out for the third time in as many days. Downey shoved his erection into the ample cleavage and sighed heavily at the welcome warmth of her pronounced bosom.
And when the fair babe pushed them together to form a deep furrow the famed actor thrilled to the indescribable effect on his spike.
She dipped her head and let a line of spittle dampen his cock head and run down the centre of her soft tissue. The American celebrity leaned back to get some better leverage and proceeded to pump his cock in an upward motion. Sweat prickled Downey's brow as he humped up and down in her home made channel and moaned accordingly.
"It's like fucking two big pillows."
Rhian tilted her head back as he slid in and out and engulfed his dick with alternate jiggles of her left and right boobs. His cock throbbed as first one side of his shaft was rubbed in an upward direction, just as the other side was rubbed the opposite way.
She quickened her rate of bumping on his rigid dick and both tits shook like jelly on a plate. Rhian stifled a giggle as his fat knob emerged like a turtle head rising to the surface, before submerging again. She leaned forward and poked out her tongue to lap at the proffered glans.
"Oh lord!"
Downey had never had such a hard on as he fucked her huge jugs that somehow appeared to be suspended in mid air. So deep was the valley between her mountains of flesh that he actually lost sight of his cock! He FELT it though as he received sublime vibrations that sent a shiver up his spine. Faster and faster he thrust up between her boobs, groaning with and panting with the exertion.
Then he backed up as the semen surged through his pulsing shaft and he splattered both of her boobs with equal bursts of cum. Downey staggered back to the sofa, flushed and spent and gazed at Rhian's dripping globes with a lecherous grin. Rhian shrugged and stood up to go use the bathroom.

"Hi babes. How is it going?"
Rhian picked up her Nokia N8 smart phone and saw that it was Lucy.
"Great." She scoffed. "The man's a fucking weirdo!"
"How so?"
'Well, for one thing we don't have sex. He just wants a tit job all the time."
"Not so odd, a lot of men are tit lovers. He hasn't fucked you yet?"
"No, nor is he likely to. He suffers from premature ejaculation. One second he's in my boobs and the next he's coming all over. AND he says funny things."
"Like?"
"Oh, mama, mama, let me have those titties. Mommy, love Daddy!"
"Yeah, that is a bit odd."
"How about Jude?"
"Sugs, he's the best. My feet haven't touched the ground, or shall I say my bum hasn't left the mattress! He's a fuck bunny!"
"You lucky thing. Guess I got the short straw on this one. Are all the Americans gonna be like this?"
"Possibly, they're different to us. Anyway, tonight Lady Sonia has got me a stripping gig at the Triple X Revue Bar in Soho. Jude will be there to watch so bring mommy's boy along with you, and we'll have a foursome."
"Probably more like a threesome and one spectator. See ya."

Robert and Jude Law had both happily signed up for the Sherlock Holmes sequel to be directed once more by Guy Ritchie. Downey had landed in London for pre- production prior to Jude and had settled into the
He had gotten Rhian's name from the Lady Sonia Glamour Girl's Services soon after.
The previous shoot had been thoroughly boring for Downey, and this time he was going to make sure he had some quality female company.
Rhian had gripped him when he saw her profile and within three days of his arrival he had the blonde glamour model ensconced in his five star hotel. He could not get enough of her fabulous tits and had fucked them with an almost primal fever.
Now he was all set to meet up with Rhian's equally hot friend, Lucy Pinder. At nine, he and Rhian took a black taxi to the established theatre and strip club known as the Triple X Revue Bar, situated at number 19, Walker's court.
Gaudy neon lights flashed on and off in front of the fairly nondescript old building and when the couple took the stairs they stepped into darkness.
Rhian took Robert's hand and saw that the place was quite tiny inside. All the tables were pointed at a long stage that had a red drape pulled down to the grubby floor. A large mirror ball hung from the ceiling and more neon lights permeated the smoky room.
"Robert, over here!"
Jude Law waved at them and they joined the actor at the table at the front, dead centre. Robert gave the English actor a slap in the back and gave his buddy a big smile. It was clearly evident that the pair got along tremendously and enjoyed each others company.
A waitress, dressed in a tiara, high heels, a smile, and nothing else waltzed straight over and placed three glasses on the round table. Jude nodded and she poured three neat measures of scotch. She waited and stood hovering for a tip. Jude handed her a note and then slapped her bare backside to send her on her way.
"Wow! Your date is stunning!" Said Jude Law with a gaping mouth as he paid Rhian some attention.
Rhian was indeed stunning in a ridiculously racy black dress with a lace up side and a dangerously low cut neckline that displayed some serious cleavage. It was clear to anyone who eyed her up that the alluring blonde had ditched her underwear, and a mouth watering glimpse of her bikini line could be had if you looked the correct way. Her blonde locks were in loose waves and she had chosen to give her already dark brown eyes a smoky eye liner. Her pink lip gloss that gave her a definite 'come get me' look.
"Yeah, tell me about it. This is Rhian. Rhian, say hi to Jude Law."
"Hello, pleased to meet you." She said in her thick Mancunian accent and offered her hand.
Jude took it in his and held it for a good thirty seconds. Her eyes met his and lingered on then until he let her go. He unbuttoned his casual jacket and threw it on the back of his seat.
"How has your stay been?" Asked Downey.
"A knockout. Wait until you see Lucy. She should be on any minute."
Just then loud music began to boom out of the loudspeakers and the curtain was raised. Lucy bounced onto the stage in a black motorcycle hat, tight leather corset and knee high black boots with killer heels. Her body was well proportioned and curvy and her straining bosom threatened to spill out of the front of her outfit any second. She had been forced into the low cut bodice which despite accentuating her breasts showed off her slender waist and swell of her hips.
"Yeah!"
The glamour model began to gyrate and wiggle to the song called 'Gangbang' by the Sensational Alex Harvey Band, a classic stripper number in England.
She moved like a gazelle with twists and turns that showed off her huge chest. Now and then she dropped onto the stage and spread out her legs and her skimpy thong, easily a size too small, drew tightly about her bald gash. Both men focused on the non stop moves that Lucy made in front of them, pushing out her belly and rotating her hips seductively.
"Get 'em off!" Yelled a punter from the rear of the room and Lucy turned her back to the tables and unlaced her corset.
As she turned to face her audience 'Nutbush City Limits' started up and the smoking hot brunette shook her shoulders and made her milky white breasts bounce energetically.
Rhian herself was highly impressed by her friends dancing and clapped in time with the loud music. Again the topless brunette went down on the stage and lifted her booted leg straight up in the air and Jude and Robert were able to make out the shape and defined folds of her labia.
"Fuck the ass off that!" Exclaimed Downey with a gaping mouth.
"Oh, I have, brother!" Quipped Jude.
Rhian yelped when Lucy cheekily threw her biker hat into her lap and did several spins across the stage. Then she stopped in the middle of the stage and bent forwards to touch the toes of her boots. With her back to the main table she slowly dragged the thong down to her feet and stepped out of them.
"Bravo!" Cried Robert who then stood up to catch the thong as Lucy tossed it into the air.
Naked save for her boots, Lucy began a bump and grind to the pulsating throb of a Fatboy Slim number and ran her right hand between her glistening muff, before collapsing in a feigned orgasmic triumph.
She stood proud and raised her hands up to let the lucky audience drink in her fantastic naked form before she skipped off to the side wing.
Ten minutes later Lucy joined the others who were all ecstatic about her electric performance. Rhian grabbed her arm and spoke into her ear over the music.
"Care to go to the ladies?"
The men nodded and ordered more scotch as the two models got up to go to the rest room. Once there they saw that they were alone and Rhian toyed with her fine hair.
"So, what's the plan?" She asked as she wet her brows with a finger.
"Well, her Ladyship promised us a bonus if we happen to get a foursome together. So let's go back to Downey's room."
"Alright. But I get to fuck Jude Law tonight. I'm gagging for a good shag."
"Fine. And trust me, you will DEFINITELY get a good shag. He'd great in bed."
Rhian felt a spasm in her pussy and smiled at her reflection.

Claridge's is a five star luxury hotel situated in the heart of Mayfair. Since the 1850's the art deco icon was a byword for timeless elegance and the finer things on life. Robert had always loved this hotel in particular and always chose the best suite on the top floor.
Rhian and Robert led Lucy and Jude inside the spacious suite and waited for a response. Restored turn of the century furnishings paired with tucked away high tech, and a king sized bed sat elegantly under an original fireplace. "What a room!" Cried a stunned Lucy as she checked out the marble bathroom excitedly.
Jude picked up the chilled bottle of Dom Perignon Rose and filled four expensive champagne flutes.
"Make yourselves at home, ladies."
Rhian quickly snuggled up to Jude and Lucy had to settle beside a very attentive Robert. He planted his hand on her left thigh and squeezed it tightly.
"Great show tonight, my dear. What do you do for an encore?"
Lucy looked at Rhian who took a healthy swig of the delicious bubbly.
"Shall we show them the thing?"
The two women stood in front of the actors who leaned back to watch proceedings. Face to face the models joined at the hip and began to sway together with sensuous wriggles of their backsides.
Jude nudged his buddy as the women kissed passionately and slathered each others wet lips with pink tongues. The women undulated slowly and came tit to tit in a mind boggling mashing of titanic chests.
Lucy was still wearing her leather top from before and Rhian reached behind her back to loosen the hook. Lucy took a step back and the black corset fell off her arms and her full breasts were unleashed.
"Nice rack," observed the tit mad Robert who crossed his legs as the front of his trousers tented.
Rhian had unlaced the left side of her racy dress and that side of her body was bared for all to see. Lucy helped her out of the tight fitting attire and both stood topless and breath takingly alluring.
Lucy came behind Rhian and pushed the blonde with her body in an erotic motion. Her hands came up and she cupped the hefty boobs as she pushed hard at the blonde's bottom with sharp pelvic thrusts.
The resulting bump and grind had both men drooling down their chins, and when they both bent at the hip, Lucy banged at Rhian in an imitation of fucking.
"Fuck me, babe." Rhian moaned as if receiving an imaginary cock and ran her hand across her flushed cheek.
Lucy dug the toes of her thigh high boots into the lush carpet as she gripped Rhian by her hips and quickened her pace. She gently nibbled on the blonde's earlobe and Rhian arched her back onto Lucy.
"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!" They both chanted for their paying audience of two as they shook their huge tits in exaggerated shimmies.
By now the men had responded. Jude had shed his clothing and stood up to display his generously proportioned erection, something that did not go unnoticed by Rhian who was very impressed.
He came to Rhian's front and kissed her full on the lips, kneading her globes with greedy hands. Lucy broke away and went to the unclothed Downey who was wanking his dick in a sweaty palm.
"Allow me."
Lucy sat on his left side and tugged her thong off and placed it on Robert's head like a cap. She gripped his hard on at the base and gave his hit shaft a series of anti clock wise twists.
"Oh, mommy! Mommy!"
Lucy kept an eye on the other two who had flopped into each others arms on the large bed. Then she shrieked when the palm of her hand was bathed in Downey's cum.
"Sorry about that, honey. That's the way it goes. You go have fun now."
Lucy wiped her hand with a Kleenex and clambered up beside her friend who was busy searching for Jude's tonsils with her tongue. His thick log was resting on his belly and Lucy took it and licked up from the root to his flared tip. He moaned into Rhian's mouth and humped his lower body up from the bed as his arousal increased.
"Fuck me! Two gorgeous babes!"
Jude rose up on his elbows and looked at the two naked beauties completely exposed side by side. Long legs, toned stomachs, great expanses of swelling busts, and two shaven cunts.
"Robert, you don't know what you're missing, old buddy."
Fuck off, thought Downey who swigged another glass of the bubbly and pouted jealously. Jude shook his head as Rhian palmed his taut butt and Lucy jerked his nine incher. He reached out and pawed at their heaving boobs and looked on transfixed as they licked up his erect cock together. With the blonde on his left and the brunette on his right they treated his shaft as if it were a popsicle.
"Unbelievable!"
Fingernails clawed his back and he clenched both buttocks as they shared his dick, each taking a diving suck before handing it to the other eager girl. He was at maximum hardness as two pouty pairs of lips engulfed him alternately. In particular he was amazed by Rhian whose mouth descended on his entire length and her stupendous breasts slapped against his thigh.
"Fuck!" Sighed Downey as the two stunners brushed lips as they double teamed and bathed Jude's tall column in copious amounts of spit.
His cock head was as if it were a carousel when the giggling models swirled their tongues around just that engorged top in a never ending circle of slobbering. Lucy finished off by peppering one side of his shaft with dozens of butterfly kisses as Rhian held his bell end firmly between pursed lips. Then they fell apart in belly laughs and hugs.  
'That is fantastic. You must let me repay you." Said a panting Jude.
"Alright. Sugs, let's show him the car wash."
"Yeah! Do me, do me!"
Jude looked vague as Rhian laid on her back and splayed her slim pins. Lucy buried her face in her friend's snatch and began to lap away at the moist pussy in front of her. Rhian closed her eyes and squirmed back and forth as Lucy expertly teased her soft folds.
"Join in, lover." Moaned Rhian and gestured with a beckoning finger. Jude came to the side of the busy Lucy and bent low, inhaling the intoxicating scent of Rhian's pussy juices. Now she had not one but two wriggling tongues splashing saliva on her heated mons. Lucy nibbled on her prominent labia while Jude criss crossed with his tongue to create a stimulation overload for the writhing blonde.
"Mmmph!"
Rhian's cunt and inner thighs were awash with her own fluids and two drooling mouths that virtually saturated her loins. She felt close, real close, as her hard nub was given rapid licks from Jude and Lucy simultaneously. Upwards, sideways, in the same direction, and opposite, her clit was sucked and nibbled beyond her wildest dreams. To her it seemed as if TEN tongues were pleasuring her rather than just the two.
"Oh, fuck!"
Rhian howled in pleasure as her pussy contracted and she came with a noticeable squirt. Lucy nudged Jude and he copied how she blasted warm breath on Rhian's sopping muff and dried it. Jude joined in with amusement as they finished off what they called the car wash.
"Hah! Brilliant! I can't believe we just did that."
Lucy laid back and opened her legs in blatant invitation. Jude slid inside her for the fourth time in three days and the muscles in her thighs quivered as he moved in and out with his considerable length. Rhian looked on fascinated by Jude Law's almost vicious thrusts that saw his groin slam into her up to his balls.
"So good, babes. So good!" Whimpered Lucy as she curved her spine and hung onto his shoulders.
Jude bent to suck on her left boob as he started to pound into her harder and harder, fucking her with a ferocity she had not known since her teenage years.
"Yesss!" She moaned as her pussy contracted in delicious spasms around his throbbing cock.
The audible slaps of his hips against her upturned ass made Rhian frig herself as she waited patiently for her turn. The busty brunette crossed her ankles on the top of Jude's butt and the leather of her expensive boots rubbed on his flanks. Lucy looked at her with glassy eyes as she was hammered into the soft bed and Rhian noted how her juices wetted her inner thighs. Jude slowed up a tad as he eyed up the ravishing blonde with the dark brown eyes.
"Your turn?"
Jude pulled out of Lucy with a glazed dick and went onto his back. Rhian climbed onto his lap and he involuntarily shunted up with his hips. He gazed at her massive tits which lowered onto his face and virtually smothered him. His knob nudged her wet entrance and he heard her gasp as she accepted the tapered tip. The rabid blonde sank down onto half of his length and sighed at the size of him as she stretched out down below.
"Wow! That IS big!"
Jude made a muffled reply as Rhian's bountiful breasts shook in his face. She rocked to and fro, grinding on his rod with a series of rapid pelvic shunts. Soft mewls of bliss came from her together with her quickening breath as she attempted to accommodate the full length and girth of his hot cock.
"Like that, babe?"
"Uh, huh!" Groaned Rhian as she sought to build up to a faster rhythm.
The stacked blonde felt the animal inside of her take her with a primal energy as she slammed onto the desirable celebrity with a dripping pussy. Lucy laid beside them on the bed with her legs wide and the heels of her boots dug in. She frantically strummed her clit as she watched her friend fucking the famed actor.
"So fucking hot!"
Rhian revelled in the welcome rut seeing as how she hadn't gotten any lately. On top of that his dick filled her so much that the sublime friction was giving her mini orgasms.
"Almost done."
Jude had his hands on the back of her hips as he felt the tension in his balls. Rhian's pace lessened on his juiced up pole as he in turn thrust up with urgent lunges. She lifted off abruptly as he buckled beneath her and shot out explosive spurts of cum up her tail bone and up her back.
"That was awesome, ladies. Thank you."
Lucy and Rhian ran off to the marble bathroom and the pair of them got into the large shower and cleaned up.
"That went well then."
Said Lucy as she helped Rhian soap up.
"Better than I expected. Especially as Mister Holmes couldn't get it up."
They both laughed as they massaged and soaped each other up under the hot needles of running water.
"I wonder who we shall get together with next time?" Wondered Rhian as she got out and dried off.
"So, there will be a next time then?"
"Yeah, why not? We deserve the money. Let's call Lady Sonia."
END