"O'Neill," Jack said as he answered his cell phone.

"Jack?" The voice on the other end asked. Jack nearly dropped the phone. It was Vala Mal Doran. She didn't sound too good.

"Vala, what's up?" Jack asked.

"We need a place to stay for a few weeks. Can we come and stay with you?" Vala asked.

"What's wrong?" Jack asked putting off the answer until he knew why.

"Daniel was captured by a Goa'uld and tortured. The SGC won't let us stay anywhere there isn't a SGC member. Daniel's not doing too well physically. He needs help with almost everything and they don't trust that I won't run off and leave him just to look around," Vala said. Jack's heart leapt to his throat.

"Yeah, you guys can come here. I have room. When will you get here?" Jack asked wondering how long he had to get the place ready.

"Our driver is pulling into your driveway now," Vala said. Jack hung up the phone and moved to his front door. He saw a black sedan coming down the road towards him. After parking the car, the driver moved to one of the back seat doors and opened it. A minute later, Daniel was leaning against the car while the airman pulled a wheelchair out of the trunk.

The sound of another door shifted Jack's attention to the other side of the car. Vala got out of the car, and Jack's first thought was that she was looking a little chubby. It wasn't until she came to Daniel's side of the car that he noticed she was very pregnant. Vala moved and grabbed the handles of the wheelchair away from the airman and growled at him. The airman backed off and grabbed the luggage from the trunk.

Jack laughed until he really got a good look at Daniel. One leg was in a cast from his knee to his toes. The opposite arm was in a cast from mid lower arm to the tips of his fingers. His other hand was swollen and red with an ace bandage around the wrist. It looked like he had strapping on his ribs. His face was black and blue.

Jack moved forward to grab the bags from the airman. The man seemed happy to be rid of them and quickly got back into the car and left. Jack looked back at the couple and saw Daniel silently laughing. Vala glared at the car as it left.

"Daniel, I swear, as the years pass, the men stationed at the base are getting dumber and dumber. Does he not understand that a man in your condition would not be safe on a trip in a plane? And that he can't take hair pin turns on the way here?" Vala asked.

"You scared him when you screamed after he took that first one. It's a wonder that he didn't spin the tires getting out of here," Daniel said.

"He should have known better. You don't move fast enough to catch yourself. You hit your head."

"Guys, can we go inside? I think that Daniel could do with lying down for a while," Jack said. He started for the cabin when Daniel started coughing.

"Jack!" Vala screamed. Jack dropped the luggage and rushed back. Jack grabbed Daniel and held him while he coughed. Daniel spit a glob of phlegm onto the ground. "I can't hold him. He jerks so much we are afraid he will hit my stomach and hurt the baby."

"Hey, it's fine. I'm here to help," Jack said as he grabbed the luggage again.

"With the cracked ribs, I got a chest infection," Daniel said as he pulled out a bandana and used it to wipe his mouth.

"Vala, you look tired. Why don't you go inside? I'll take care of Daniel. You need rest too," Jack said. Vala leaned over, kissed Daniel on the side of the cheek and then went into the cabin. "My room. It has the best bed. I'll sleep in the guest room."

"Jack, I don't…"

"No, from now on you both are under my care. I am the master here. You do as I say," Jack said. Vala nodded and went into the house. She grabbed a small bag before heading in. "So how far along is she?"

"Eight months. Carolyn says that the boy is big enough to go at any point."

"You guys have a name?" Jack asked as he started to wheel Daniel into the cabin.

"Vala has a name that she loves. I'm not too sure about it," Daniel said.

"What?"

"Charlie. She read Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and fell in love with the name."

"Why aren't you too sure about it?" Jack asked as he situated Daniel in the living room. The luggage could wait. Daniel ducked his head and sighed. "If it's the name she wants she should have it. I won't mind."

"Yeah?" Daniel asked looking up. Jack moved to crouch in front of Daniel.

"I got over Charlie a long time ago."

"Can you take me to bed, Jack? I'm really tired," Daniel asked Jack. Jack nodded and looked at the steps leading up to the bedroom. Daniel looked where Jack was looking and laughed.

"Looks like I'm carrying you," Jack said as he put the brakes on the wheelchair so it wouldn't move. Jack carefully slid one of his arms under Daniel's legs and wound the other around Daniel's shoulders. He lifted Daniel up slowly and gently and carried him up the steps. He laid Daniel down in the bed beside his wife and covered him up. In seconds, Daniel was asleep. Vala turned over and snuggled into Daniel's side, smiling as she did.

Jack had rarely seen this side of Daniel. Sha're's kiss in the Abydos Gateroom had been the only piece of normality he had ever seen between Daniel and his significant others. He watched them for a few minutes before he left the room. They would both be hungry when they woke up. Jack decided that his mom's homemade chicken noodle soup would do good for them all.

Vala was still asleep, but Daniel had wanted to wash off a bit so Jack had helped him into the bathroom and was helping him clean up.

"Daniel?" Jack asked as he helped Daniel take his shirt off so he could wash him off with a rag.

"Vala talked me into it. She loves it on me. I said 'no' to the tattoo so this was the next best thing," Daniel said as he flicked at his nipple ring. Jack laughed.

"You have changed a lot since the guy who tripped over his own feet on Abydos," Jack said. He took the rag out of the sink and started to wash Daniel. Daniel tried to grab the rag but Jack held it out from him. "We don't need your casts getting wet."

"I'm a grown man."

"Are you sure? That pout makes you look twelve." Daniel huffed and crossed his arms as best he could. "So you got her pregnant not long after you left the cabin."

"No, we had a mission the days prior and for a week after. She got pregnant at the cabin," Daniel said with a smile. Jack laughed. "You ever find the boxers?"

"Yes, I found them in a nest for a bunny. I didn't think you would want them back."

"Ah, no." Jack continued to clean Daniel up as best he could and then helped him dress again. By the time they were done they found Vala sitting up on the bed. Her eyes were wide.

"Val?" Daniel asked.

"I think that my water just broke," Vala said.

"Okay. Good. Uh, it will be easier for me to drive you guys. An ambulance would take too long. Vala I'll get Daniel in the truck and you can go after."

Several hours later, Daniel came out of the delivery room with a small bundle in his arms. Jack stood up to take the wheel chair from the nurse. "Jack, want to meet him?" Daniel asked as he held his son in his arms.

"Yeah," Jack said. He leaned over Daniel's shoulder to get a good look at the baby. "Hi, Charlie. Oh yeah! He's going to be like his Daddy. Got that chin."

"Did you call them?" Daniel asked. Jack nodded.

"Carter and Teal'c are on their way along with Carolyn. Seems that Landry wants her to check on you both and the little guy."

"Thanks, Jack. Would you mind if we still stayed with you?" Daniel asked.

"Sure, I have Charlie's crib in the shed out back and we'll get what you need from the store. Vala's going to be tired for a few days, and you'll need me."

"Charlie always needs his uncle," Daniel said. Jack smiled at Daniel and kissed Charlie's forehead then wheeled Daniel back into Vala's room so that the two could fuss over the baby.

"Stay, Jack," Vala said. Jack nodded and sat at the end of the bed.

"Are you sure that Charlie's a good name?" Vala asked.

"The best name," Jack and Daniel said at the same time.

The End