Kathy Flashing and Sex - My Second Indy 500
by kathys_show

Flashing and fucking, seem to go together

It's been nine months since visiting "The Brickyard" and I was nervous all over again. I was now the ripe old age of seventeen and my measurements were 39D - 19 - 32. I still have a hard little butt, big nipples and cunt lips that were swollen with excitement. 

I wore the same denim dress that opens like a robe. It's low cut showing some serious cleavage and had an above mid-thigh hem. I had on just the dress and a pair of high heeled sandals; other than that, I was naked under that dress. 

"Hey! Hey! Come over baby!" guys yelled out. 

I looked around for the cops. I hadn't forgotten that! My legs were shaking, I was so incredibly nervous. It was just like the first time at Indy and I loved it. I pulled out the lapels of my dress and popped my breasts out. I was so turned on that my nipples were way out there. 

They yelled, whistled, and cheered as my cunt let go an orgasm. Like always that is what I wanted… that big uncontrollable sexual rush! I walked all the way down the main road, flashing my breasts at least sixty times. I turned at the end and went down the first double row of campers. 

"Hey! What color panties you wearing?" guys asked. 

I asked, "What do you think?" 

"If we guess, will you show us?" the man asked smiling. 

"Sure! If you're right" I replied. 

Well, guys started yelling out, "Red. Pink. Red. White. Black. Red. Red. Pink. Red. White. Red." 

"Most say ‘red’," the man shouted. 

"Nope. Not red," I replied. 

"One of us had to be right?" he said, "Come on give us a look," almost pleading. 

I said, "Oh, okay. But you'll be surprised!" I unsnapped my dress and opened it wide. There was that moment of silence as they all saw my full naked body. 

With loud whistles, and cheering a man yelled, "Show us that ass." 

I turned around, bent over slightly and pulled my dress way up above my hips fully exposing my bare ass. 

"Whoa! Nice ass! Nice ass!" was said many times. 

I let my dress drop down, and gave them the goodbye wave. After that I just opened my dress up for everyone. I loved showing off my full naked body. In the fourth row I noticed a group of men cheering. There was an old bus camper with a big slide hooked to the roof. Two girls were sliding down both topless. I slowed down until the two girls were done and walking away. The guys spotted me right away. 

"Hey! Hey! Go down the slide!" they said repeatedly. 

"What do you have here?" I asked with a cheesy smile. 

Several men pointed at a sign that read, "The naked slide!" 

"The naked slide, huh?" I said with a smile.

"Yeah. Go on up!" he replied. 

"Well. I guess," I replied with everyone cheering. As I went up the ladder flashlights went up my dress. 

"I don't think she's wearing panties!" one guy said. 

"Noo! She ain't wearing panties!" another man declared. 

I took off my dess now totally naked on top the bus all the men cheering like crazy. I sat on a mat and yelled to men at the bottom of the slide, "Catch me!" I really didn't want to fly out on the ground naked. 

"Absolutely!" they replied. 

I inched forward and whoosh down the slide like a rocket, much faster than I thought. Did the guys catch me? Oh yeah, they caught me by the thighs, the breasts, the ass, the puss - but they did catch me and stand me up. I laughed like crazy and the men cheered like crazy. 

Before I left, I must have gone down the slide a dozen times. Guys taking turns catching me at the bottom. I told the guys I would return and headed out down the road. That was fun and I will be going back. In the sixth row of campers guys asked me to ‘settle the old bet’ bullshit right after I flashed them. 

"Before you go, settle a bet for us?" they asked. 

"If I can," I replied. 

"We say you’re shaved. They say your not. Can we look?" he asked with a grin. 

I had that ‘yeah right’ look on my face, took a breath and said, "I guess, since it's to settle a bet."

I walked to a picnic table opened my dress put my left foot up on the seat and spread my legs. The flashlights came on everywhere lighting up my entire body. Several guys bent over, and a couple dropped to one knee. 

"Holy fucking Christ! She's shaved alright. But wow! What a pussy!" he yelled out. "The biggest lips I ever seen man," he exclaimed. 

One guy reached in sliding his fingers on the edges of my hanging cunt lips. I felt my cunt lips separate and the tips of his fingers slide the full length of my slit. Oh how great it felt! Tilting my head back I softly moaned, "Oh. Ohhh." 

A man said, "I think she likes it." 

The man reached in with his other hand grasping each of my pussy lips separately. He pulled them wide apart and stretched them way down. 

"Would you look at that! Unfucking believable," the man exclaimed. "Fucking awesome man… absolutely awesome!" 

I wasn't sure where the finger came from but I felt it going up my cunt hole. One man had reached in from behind, while another man standing started doing my clit. 

"Oh, Ohh, Ohhh!" came from my mouth, each one louder. I was so turned on that it only took seconds and they had me cumming. Juice flowed out of my pussy soaking their hands and fingers. I moaned, "Ohh! Ahh! Oh my God," as that orgasm turned into an ever larger one, cum pouring out of my cunt. 

"Jesus H Christ! She cums a bunch man," a guy exclaimed.

"I can't see shit," several men said. 

My right leg got lifted up and my body turned. Before I knew it, I was sitting on the top of the picnic table with both feet on the seat. I leaned back on my elbows and spread my legs open. The very first guy that touched my cunt started licking my pussy. 

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh," came out of my mouth, as he licked. Without even thinking, I spread my legs wider. It was like a signal to the men. They grabbed my legs and spread them wide open, almost straight out to the sides. I moaned, "Ohhhh," followed by, "Oh my God," as he brought me to yet another, bigger orgasm. 

Guys moved my arms so I would lay on my back. Hands came in from everywhere, squeezing my breasts and nipples. There were hands on my flat tummy hands rubbing my inner thighs. With all those hands on my body it made my next orgasm build even faster. He flipped and flipped my clit with his tongue then sucked it very hard while twisting his head. 

"Oh my God," I yelled out loud as my pussy erupted with a huge orgasm, juice burping out in globs. The man just clamped down harder and twisted harder on my clit while sliding fingers up my cunt hole. "Oh my God," I yelled out loud. 

I just couldn't help moaning out loud, it was so intense. A hand went over my mouth to muffle my loud moaning. He lifted his mouth from my pussy and was just finger fucking me - with how many fingers I don't know. Another man was flipping my clit with his fingers. The sensations in my pussy and clit doubled in an instant, while other men took turns squeezing and sucking on my nipples. It was like they couldn't suck them hard enough.

It became so intense between my legs that, by natural reaction, I closed my legs. Everyone stopped what they were doing. The man even pulled his fingers out of my pussy. Again, it was like a natural reflex. I was not even consciously thinking about it. I not only spread my legs I actually pulled them back. Undoubtedly, this was another sign to the men to not only continue, but to escalate things. 

Hands were all over my body again and the hard nipple sucking continued. The fingers started fucking my pussy like you wouldn't believe, and there were more then one man's fingers in my pussy. I know because I could feel some fingers going in and some going out at the same time. One man was raking his fingers back and forth over my stiff clit very hard. It was absolutely awesome!

"Oh my God!" came from my mouth muffled by the hand over it. Yes, I know I could have stopped it at anytime by yelling stop. But I just couldn't; it felt all too fantastic to stop. So I just let them have at me how ever they wanted, and have at me they did. Everything became harder and faster. They were enjoying making me orgasm repeatedly; and I was enjoying them doing it. 

"You want to be fucked?" a man blurted out.

"How about it baby… want to be fucked?" another asked. 

As always I said nothing, I just moaned and moaned. 

"She didn't say no," one guy blurted out. 

"That's right! She didn't," others said. 

Well, let me tell you it didn't take long for the men to convince themselves that it was okay to fuck me since I didn't say no. In a way my silence was saying yes. Because hell yes, I wanted fucked! Within seconds a man had his pants down with a fairly long, average thickness dick sticking nearly straight up. It was like at the point of decision… not for me... but for them to go through with it. 

"You want to be fucked baby?" the man with his cock inches from my pussy asked. I said nothing. "Ah, I guess she wants to be fucked," the man said, more like trying to convince everyone it was okay. 

He knelt on the seat of the picnic table between my spread legs reached down and pushed his very hard dick down. He moved forward and shoved the head in my cunt hole. He looked straight into my eyes; I'm sure looking for me to give him an answer. Again I said nothing but I did hump my pussy up into his stiff dick. He instantly leaned into me, totally burying his dick all the way in my pussy. 

"Ohhhhh," I yelled out. It didn't hurt but it surprised me that he shoved it all the way in. He slowly pulled out then slowly slid it all the way back in, pushing extra hard to make sure it was buried. 

"Ohhhh! Ahhhh," I moaned, it feeling so good as he slid his cock in. 

He started fucking me with one full length stroke after another. I can't begin to tell you how great his cock felt pumping in and out of my cunt. I was cumming, one orgasm after another, as he fucked me; juice spurting out of my pussy every time he shoved it in. Hands were still all over my body as he fucked me, squeezing my nipples and feeling me up where ever they could. After about a ten minute fucking, the man started fucking me about as fast and hard as he could. 

"Ahh. Ahh. Ahhhh," the man moaned out low while slamming his cock in my pussy very hard and shooting his load in my cunt. He stopped but stayed there with his cock still in my cunt for a few seconds before stepping off the bench seat and pulling his cock out of me. 

There was several seconds of silence from all the men, and all the men's hands stopped on my body. I decided I should probably stop this, only because I had been there a long time. So I got to my elbows with all the guys removing their hands. I sat up and all the guys backed away. My dress was rolled up under my back and as I slid off the table and stood up, the juice poured out of my pussy. 

"Do you have a bathroom?" I asked.

"Absolutely!" he said motioning for me to follow. 

I went inside this beautiful motor home and got freshened up. When I came out of the man came over to me. 

"You okay? I mean you’re not mad or anything?" 

I said, "Nooo. Not at all." I paused for a second, "Things got crazy, but it's cool." 

"Whew. Glad to hear it," he said in a relieved way. 

I said, "I should go," which surprisingly he agreed with. 

Nearly all the men were gone when I stepped out. I think they were afraid how I was going to be. Well, it was three in the morning and not many people out. So I flashed back to my car and didn't get home till after five. I took a shower and don't even remember falling asleep. To my surprise I didn't wake up till after five in the afternoon. 

I couldn't believe I slept so late. I had to wash my dress, get something to eat, get ready and head back to the 500 for Saturday… the real party night! I couldn't believe how turned on I was as I rushed getting ready to go. I mean, I was as turned on now as I was when I did my first flash last night. My nipples were hard, my clit was hard, my cunt was dripping juice and I was so hot my legs were shaking. 

No, I wasn't so nervous my legs were shaking. I was so turned on my legs were shaking. This had never happened before; but boy, did I ever love it! By the time I got to the 500, it was already dark. After flashing at every campsite on Georgetown, I headed right for the slide. The guys were more then happy to see me, and I took five or six naked slides.

A man asked, "How about a beer?" 

I said, "Sure why not." I had only drank a few sips of beer and didn't really like the taste but I thought why not give it another try. Yuck! I still didn't like the taste but I wasn't going to tell them. 

"Sit a bit," a guy said, setting out a lawn chair. It was by the campfire pointed towards the men standing in the lane. 

I was still naked, but I sat down in the chair with my legs spread a bit. I felt something unusual right away as I sat down. My big cunt lips fell right through the chairs webbing. Let me tell you… this was one of those great opportunities you just don't plan on. I closed my legs and kind of rolled right then left to spread my butt cheeks apart, leaned forward to check the strap on my shoe and gave a little cunt wiggle. 

I could actually feel my cunt lips dropping even further through the hole. Oh wow I thought, this is really cool! As I sat back up straight I could feel my lips dropping even further through the hole. I spread my legs as far as the chair would allow. Guys started elbowing each other telling them to look at my cunt lips hanging down through the chair. Flashlights started coming on and pointing right at them. 

"What the hell are you guys doing?" the man that gave me the beer asked the guys with the flashlights. 

With a laugh they pointed under my chair and said, "Look what's hanging out." All the men around me leaned down to look. They all started chuckling and I heard men saying things, "That's fucking awesome. Unfucking believable. That's a lot of pussy," along with many other things. 

I acted like I had no idea what they were talking about. That is until I felt this little tickle on my cunt lips. "Ohh!" popped out of my mouth as I sat up straight like surprised. All the men were chuckling as I looked back to one side and then the other. There was a man down on his knee behind the chair, and he had reached under tickling my pussy lips. 

I said, "Oh my God," as though frightened but then quickly relieved and said, "Geez," while putting my hands on my chest as though totally relieved. I said with a little girlish giggle, "I thought a spider was crawling on me." Well that got all the men laughing. 

I knew something was going on behind me but I acted like I had no idea what was going on and drank all but a little bit of my beer. The man's fingers let go and I felt something warm and wet right on the lowest edge of my lips. A man had gotten on his back and was under the chair. It was his tongue on my pussy, and oh boy, did it ever feel good. The men watching were having a ball and so was I. He just licked them at first then raised up, sucking both of my cunt lips in his mouth. 

"Ohhhh my!" excitedly came out of my mouth, with my eyes wide open. All the men started laughing at the surprised look on my face. "Oh! Ohhhh," came out of my mouth as he pulled down, stretching my cunt lips with his mouth. I was giving a lot of those ‘oh shit’ looks on my face. "Ohhhh," flew out of my mouth again, as my lips popped out of his mouth. He went right back up and did it again even sticking his tongue in between my lips, and into my cunt hole. 

With a giggle I said, "This is some chair," which brought laughs from everyone. 

"Apparently that's our pussy chair!" one of the men declared. 

I was going to reply; but suddenly, it felt like I was going to cum. It was really weird. He never licked my clit only my cunt lips. It was driving me absolutely crazy with anticipation. Hey, I have to tell you. Do you have any idea how hard it was to sit still in that chair so I didn't pull my cunt lips out of the hole, with a man bringing me to orgasm? Let me tell you it was not easy to do. 

It was almost embarrassing sitting straight up in that chair with all those men watching. Yes embarrassing. I knew my face was flush, my nipples hard and I had expressions of pure sexual ecstasy on my face. It was driving me absolutely crazy being right on the brink of cumming for so long yet not cumming. I was moaning but very low, almost embarrassed to moan in front of all those men. 

There was a monster orgasm building in my cunt. It was like watching someone blow up a huge balloon and waiting for it to burst. Well burst my pussy did. The beer can dropped out of my hand, and I grabbed the arms of the chair very tight. My entire body quivered uncontrollably as my pussy simply exploed with a huge orgasm. 

"Ohhh! Oh my God!" popped out of my mouth much louder than I wanted it to but the orgasm was so big and intense I couldn't help it. "Ohhh! Ahhh! Oh my God! Ahhh," kept coming out of my mouth, as I felt the huge globs of cunt juice being forced out of my cunt hole almost violently. 

With a grimaced chuckle I heard different men saying things like, "Whoaaa! She just drenched his fucking face. Unfucking believable," and many other things. But they weren't laughing; they all had the look of lust on their faces. 

I heard the man lying beneath the chair gag and cough as he stopped licking my pussy. He obviously got a big mouth full of my cunt juice, and it gagged him big time. All the men started chuckling, as he scooted out from under my chair coughing like crazy. Me? Well I was still having a monster orgasm. I couldn't stop it and didn't want to. Except for being even more embarrassed, I just sat in the chair holding onto the arms while my orgasm continued. It took a few seconds before my orgasm slowed, and I relaxed my grip on the chair. 

Finally I said, "Whew," as I exhaled a deep breath of air. Again I said, "Whew," and paused a couple of seconds trying to think of something snappy to say. "This is some chair!" I exclaimed to everyone. All the guys started laughing like crazy. 

The guy that had been licking my pussy under the chair moved around to the side of me on his knees. His entire head, face, and the shoulders of his shirt were soaking wet. Let me tell you when I cum I really cum. My pussy was still having those little spasm orgasms and I could feel the juice dripping out of my cunt. When I saw him I just kind of crunched my shoulders, tucked my chin down and did one of those pulled back contained laughs with a little cheesy smile. 

I said, "Oops! Sorry," with a shy (almost mischievous) look.

"Don't be. That was fucking great," the man exclaimed. 

One of the guys brought me another beer which I started drinking. I must have sat in the chair a good ten minutes before my pussy stopped having the little spasms. I told them I needed to get going. Everyone was watching as I stood up. My cunt lips were so swollen, that the chair lifted up with me, my cunt lips stuck in the hole. I sat back down, put my hands on the arms of the chair, and stood back up, pulling my cunt lips out of the chair. I put my dress back on and took off walking down the lane. 

I got to the end on that row and decided to go where I had never been before. There was another big camping field north of Twenty-Fifth Street. There was a lot of loud music, and also there were more girls flashing as well. Only they were in two's or three's or had men with them. I seemed to be the only girl flashing… totally alone. 

For the next three hours I flashed several rows of campsites. I got my ass felt up, my pussy played with, my nipples sucked a few times, but nothing really special happened. As I turned the corner for the next to the last row I heard a deep low voice. 

"Howdy," a man said. 

I looked around but didn't see anyone at first. Then I saw a campsite sitting back in the trees. There were eight, maybe ten, men sitting around a campfire. 

"You lost?" the man asked. 

"Yeah… I mean no. I just couldn't see you back there." I replied with a giggle.

"Well hell. Come over and have a beer," he suggested. 

I said, "No. Thanks. I think I've had enough beer." As I entered their campsite I said, "But I will take a Pepsi." 

He said, "Sure. Sit by the fire. It's a chilly night." 

It had gotten pretty chilly, and I wasn't wearing many clothes. I went in and sat down in a lawn chair facing the fire. With a natural flashing reflex I sat down with my legs spread and pulling my dress open so my bare cunt was visible. As I took a drink it was no surprise that all the men were staring at my exposed pussy. 

"I sure love the way you sit down," the man said. 

Playing the verbal game I acted like I had no idea what he was talking about and asked, "Why do you say that?" 

While pointing between my legs he said, "Because your whole puss is showing." All the other guys nodding their heads in agreement. 

I loved playing these little verbal games. I spread my legs even wider as I looked down between my legs and asked, "And how does that have anything to do with the way I sit down?" while giving a big cheesy smile. 

"Ohhhh. I guess it doesn't," he said with a grin. 

"So what did you mean?" I asked giving him the chance to reply. 

"I don't know! I guess just wondering what kind of things you might sit on," he replied breaking into a chuckle. 

Taking a few seconds to answer I asked, "Now. Just what do you mean by that?" 

He said while pointing to the other side of the campfire, "Well. Thought maybe you would like to sit down over there." 

Even with the campfire it was dark and hard to see. But there was no doubt there was a man sitting over there, and holding straight up with his thumb a very thick and rather long, very stiff dick. I can't begin to tell you how excited I got in an instant while trying to act cool at the same time. 

"It's closer to the fire. You would be warmer over there," the man said with another little chuckle. 

Playing the game I pointed at the man and said, "You. You want me to sit over there… on that?" 

"Why not? Can't you take it?" The man with his cock out said quickly. About two seconds later he said, "I mean, can't you take the heat? You know being closer to the fire that is." He said with sarcasm, and an almost sadistic chuckle. 

I didn't say anything and just sat there like thinking about it. Hell, I was so turned on and that cock looked so big and inviting. I was about to say, ‘I don't know’ when the man with his cock out spoke. 

He said, almost ordering me (the chuckle gone from his voice), "Hell! Come on over here and sit on it!" After a pause he said, "What's the matter… you afraid of this honey?" while slightly wiggling his big cock back and forth. 

I always answer a challenge and asking me if I was afraid was definitely a challenge. You should have seen all of their faces as I stood up, opening dress and pushing it to the outsides of my breasts. 

All of the men said something, "Oh Fuck. Whoa. Holy fucking shit. Very nice." As they saw my full naked body for the first time. 

I slowly moved towards the man, walking all the way around to the other side of the campfire, my breasts slowly moving up and down as I walked. As I got in front of the man I reached down and lifted my dress up above my waist. While turning my back to him I stepped across his legs straddling them. 

The man slid down in his chair a little, straightening his legs and positioned his big cock right under my pussy. I was so turned on I couldn't believe it. The looks on all the men’s faces was really hot. I bent my knees and lowered myself down. 

"Look at that pussy!" Several of the men said in a low voice as they saw my big swollen cunt lips hanging down. 

I got almost to his cock but stopped and stood back up. The look of total disappointment went on every man's face. It was awesome… just what I was hoping for actually. I was trying to act like I didn't know if I should do it or not. The man reached up with one hand, grabbed my hip and pulled me down. 

As I looked down between my legs I could see that he was holding his cock straight up, and my cunt juice was dripping all over it. My cunt hole landed right on the big thick head of his cock. I stopped but he pulled down harder, and the big head started splitting my pussy open. 

"Ohhhh!" came out of my mouth as my pussy stretched opened. As he continued pulling me down I thought yet this was another first for me. I had never gone down on a cock with my pussy before. He pulled down harder, and with a painful pop the big head went up into my pussy. 

"Ohhh!" Ouch! Ouch!" I yelled out quickly from the stretching pain in my pussy trying to rise back up. He was a lot thicker then I thought he was. The man let go of his cock and put both hands on my hips. He was pulling me down while I tried to stay up. Between my own weight and him pulling me down I could not stop him. He jerked down hard on my hips and with a big drop I went down at least half way on the big fat cock. 

"Ouch!" Ohhh! Ouch! Ouch!" blurted out of my mouth. The sudden wide stretching of my cunt hole hurt like hell. 

The man lifted me up quickly and his cock fell out of my pussy. He let go with one hand and couldn't get his cock back up to my pussy quick enough. He pulled down again shoving the head back in my cunt. He slowly lowered me about half way down then back up several times. Then, as he was lowering me down on his big cock, he just let go of me and bang my body weight dropped me down deep on his cock. 

"Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!" flew out of my mouth followed by, "Oh my God." It really did hurt, as the big cock went deep up my cunt hole so quickly. He was much longer than I thought also. I started to pull myself up but the man grabbed my hips, and held me down on the big cock. I was almost whimpering from the pain of the sudden stretching of my pussy so wide. "Ouch. Ouch," softly came out of my mouth. 

"Take it easy babe. Relax," the man said almost whispering. "Hell! I can't do shit in this position. How about letting me fuck you?" The man blurted out. 

I wasn't sure what he meant and asked, "What? What do mean?" 

"Here, get up a second," he instructed as he lifted me up, standing me all the way up, his cock plopping down against his belly.

He got up out of the chair quickly and said, "Here. Come here," while grabbing my wrist and taking me over to a table and bending me over it. He flipped my dress up to my shoulders and lifted my right leg up on the table. My right leg was bent at the knee and pushed way up on the table, my pussy all spread open for him to fuck. All the other men stood up I believe to block the view of anyone walking past. His big stiff cock was bouncing around as he moved. 

"There we go. There we go," he said while spreading my right leg even more. "Oh Yeah! Now I can give you a real fuckin' baby!" With that he grabbed his cock in his right hand and put it up to my cunt hole and shoved it in deep. 

"Ouch! Ouch! Oh my God!" I yelled out in painful ecstasy, lifting my head and arching my back. Yes, it hurt but felt great too. He gave me two strokes then shoved nearly all the way in my pussy. "Ohhh! Ouch. Ouch. Ohhh! Came out of my mouth as it definitely went in deeper then it did when I was sitting on it. 

"Oh yeah baby! Now I can give you some meat," he said while sliding his cock nearly all the way in and out. He stopped with it about half way in, leaned over and asked, "Can you take all of it baby? Huh? Can you take all of it?" in a very excited voice 

Without waiting for an answer he slid his cock in deep, and I do mean deep. He put his hands on my ass spreading my butt cheeks open wide with his thumbs. He leaned in forcing his big cock in my pussy with a lot of constant force. I could actually feel my pussy stretching deep down in my cunt hole where a cock has never been before. 

The pain deep in my pussy was incredible as he relentlessly pushed in hard. I can so very clearly remember feeling my pussy slowly stretching, and his big cock slowly sinking in deeper and deeper in my cunt hole. It was an unbelievable feeling - one I will never forget. 

"You alright sweetie?" the one guy asked. 

I couldn't answer, all I could do was moan and grunt as that big cock slowly sank in. It actually took quite a while before I felt his pubic bone slowly smash up tight against my cunt hole, him still pushing in hard. 

"Oh yeah. Oh yeah! It's all in there baby. It's all in there," he said triumphantly as though the conquering hero that had slain my pussy. 

He kept in, buried in my cunt hole, me squirming on his big cock. He finally pulled nearly all the way out and slid it all the way back in giving an extra hard push at the end. He did that at least a dozen times, and I swear it felt like it went in deeper each time. 

"You okay sweetie?" The one guy asked again, leaning in by my head where the side of my face was pressed down tight against the table top. 

In a very slow and stressed voice I said, "Ohh Jesus! He's got a big cock!" 

With a chuckle he said, "Yep. That is a fact sweetie. He has got a big cock." He chuckled again and said, "Want a little advice?"

I said in an even more strained broken voice, "What's that?"

"Hold on!" he replied with a sadistic laugh. 

Before I could even ask what he meant by that the man pulled out, and started banging his cock into my pussy. I mean full length strokes, or should I say thrusts. He pulled his cock nearly all the way out then banged it all the way in hard. Bang, bang, bang one stroke right after another. 

"Ahh! Ugh! Ahh! Ughh!" Came out of my mouth followed by the loudest grunts you ever heard every time he banged his cock all the way in my pussy. It hurt, it felt fantastic, it hurt, it felt awesome, it hurt and felt totally unbelievable. I was getting the deepest thickest fucking of my life and I couldn't begin to tell you how great it was. I'm only guessing but I would say he was a good eight inches long and like wow thick. 

I let out loud, "Ahhh's! Ohhh's! Ahhh's!" As I had big uncontrollable orgasms, the juice being forced out between his fat cock and my tight pussy every time he shoved his cock in deep. "Oh my God. Oh my God," came out of my mouth repeatedly in an almost muffled voice. Everything was so intense in my pussy I couldn't believe it and the man never let up, not for a second. 

Bang, bang, bang - one full length thrust after another and it went on for the longest time. It was like I couldn't wait for it to end but at the same time wishing it never would end. This time I will say what men always say. I was really getting the meat laid to me and I was getting it laid to me like I had never had before. He kept pushing on the inside of my thighs trying to spread my legs wider, only they were spread as wide as they could go.

"Ahh. Ahhh! Ahhhhh!" started coming from his mouth. 

His strokes into my pussy slowed but became even harder. The slower the strokes got the harder he pushed his cock in my pussy. He buried his cock and held it there for a second. He pulled nearly all the way out and gave me at least eight or ten very hard thrusts that actually moved the big table I was bent over. He slammed his cock in my pussy and held it buried as I felt his huge, very warm loads of cum shooting so deep in my cunt. 

He moaned loud, "Ahhh. Ahhh! Ahh," as he unloaded his cum. 

The man stayed leaning over me for several seconds, panting as though trying to get his breath. He pulled back a couple inches and ground his cock deep in my pussy several times before stopping. He stood up and so very slowly pulled his cock out of my cunt. It felt like a big log sliding out of me. His cock came out and dropped straight down, his cum and mine pouring out of my pussy and onto the ground. 

He slapped me on my right butt cheek pretty hard and said, "You have one nice pussy darling." Then he bent over and pulled up his shorts. 

I stood up and said, "And you have one big cock!" while giving my cunt a little rub. I asked, "You have a bathroom I could use?" 

"Sure, right in here," the one guy said while showing me the way. 

I freshened up and came back out. I'm always nervous when I come back out after doing something like this. I never know what to say and am always wondering what they will say. 

"Sit down and get warm. You want a beer now?" the same guy asked. 

"How about a cup of coffee," a different man asked. 

"Yeah! Coffee sounds great," I replied. Other than it being so chilly out I don't know why coffee sounded so good.

"Black?" He asked. 

"Yes. Coffee's the only thing I like black," I replied with a little joking giggle. All the other guys laughed at my black comment. Have absolutely no idea why I said it. It was a line I had heard many times and it just popped out of my mouth for what ever reason. Hell, I have never even met any blacks.

They started asking me about flashing. Wanted to know if it was my first time here and what else had happened like sex and so on. I can't believe how much I got into telling them about some of my different sexual experiences I had flashing at the races both last year and this year. They especially liked the balance beam I walked on last year, and the pussy lips through the hole in the chair this year. I was there for quite a while drinking a couple cups of coffee. 

I said, "Well. I should be moving along." 

Just as I was about to get up out of my chair, the man that had fucked me stepped right in front of me. His cock was still big and thick (even though soft), and was sticking out of his shorts. He reached down and lifted it up positioning the head only inches from my face. 

"You ever suck a cock this big?" he asked with a bit of sadistic lust in his voice. I just sat there looking at the big cock of course not saying anything. "Well, have you?" he asked. After a couple seconds he asked again, "Well have you? Have you ever sucked a cock this big?" while very slowly stroking his cock and stretching it out long towards my mouth.

"Nooo," I said in a long drawn out way. 

He said, "Well hell. Give it a try. See how you like it," while stepping closer, the head of his big cock only and inch away from mouth. Great big beads of pre-cum were oozing out his cum hole one after another, and steadily dripping to the ground. 

"Come on honey. Open your mouth. I’ll slide it right in," the man requested. 

Did I want to? Yes. Did it look disgusting with the big beads of cum oozing out of the end of it? Yes. He moved even closer until the tip of his cock went up against my lips. 

"Come on, open up baby," he said demandingly, almost ordering me to open my mouth as a lot of his pre-cum came out of his cock, onto my lips and ran down my chin. "Open up and suck my cock!" he ordered. 

He grabbed the back of my head and pulled hard, squishing the head of his cock against my lips. I only slightly opened my mouth and he pushed his cock in forcing my mouth open. The big head went in my mouth and he continued pushing in and pulling on the back of my head until my mouth was full of his big fat cock. 

I made the sounds, "Umm. Umm," as his cock forced my mouth wide open. 

"Ohhh, that's it baby. That's it," he said while moaning. "Now suck it honey. Suck it!" 

I pulled my head back pulling his cock out of my mouth (everything except the head) then slowly went back down, until my mouth was full of his cock. I slid my mouth up and down his cock over and over. I will always remember how exciting it was actually feeling his cock getting harder, getting stiff, growing in thickness, getting fatter and longer by the second, right inside my mouth. 

I will never forget the pungent taste of the pre-cum on my tongue. It was really turning me on like you wouldn't believe; I could feel the juice trickling out of my pussy. After sliding my mouth up and down on his cock about forty or fifty times, he started to pull on the back of my head, forcing his cock even deeper in my mouth. He totally filled my mouth and was trying to force the big head down my throat. Now I've sucked quite a few dicks, but they were mostly high school boys. That's a whole other story. 

The thing is I have always been able to deep throat every dick I ever sucked. I didn't even know what gag reflex was back then, as I do now. Well, I never had the gag reflex thing, I had always been able to deep throat. But I never tried it with a cock this long and especially this thick. Still, the man pulled on the back of my head forcing the head into my throat. I was nervous and very excited and was doing my best to relax. Just as I relaxed a little bit he did it; he shoved the big head down into my throat.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhhh! Oh yeah that's it babe. That's it. Suck it deep baby," the man said repeatedly.

He wasn't being an idiot, he wasn't trying to shove it down my throat on every stroke; he would do it every third stroke which I got used to. The head of his cock went into my throat the first four times but on the fifth he pulled harder on the back of my head. The big head of his cock went down my throat and I could feel more of his cock sliding in past my lips. 

I kind of twisted my head almost in a panic because I couldn't breath. He pulled back pulling his cock all the way out except for the head. I gasped for air taking in a couple of deep breaths. He wasn't waiting as he filled my mouth with cock again. He pulled hard on the back of my head again forcing the big cock down my throat. He kept shoving as his cock slowly moved further in.

"Can you take all of it?" He asked with that sadistic lust in his voice. "How about it baby, can you take it all?" He asked as he continued to force his cock down my throat. Then I felt his pubic hair tickling my nose. Again I twisted my head and moaned. 

He bent over close to my head and said, "You suck good baby," with an excited, panting voice. "Open wide baby. Open wide," he exclaimed while shoving his cock back in my mouth and filling it completely.

He pulled back and pushed in tightening his grip on the back of my head. He kept pushing in till the head of his cock went down my throat and he kept pushing. He stopped for a second as his pubic hair again hit my nose. It wasn't all the way in but very close to it. His cock had grown very thick, especially the huge head. He pulled back sliding his cock all the way out of my mouth his cock popping up now very hard. 

"Here! Let me do something for you," the man I was sucking said, while grabbing my arm and having me stand up. 

He took me about three steps to the table where he fucked me. He put his hands on my tiny waist and lifted me up on the table resting me back on my elbows. Before I knew it he had lifted my feet up on the table and had my legs spread open. He leaned down and started licking my pussy very firmly with his tongue. I mean he was licking my entire pussy from my ass hole all the way up past my clit, with his big wide tongue. He sucked in my cunt lips, sucked in my clit and buried his tongue in my cunt hole.

"Ohhh. Ohhh. Ohhh!" started coming from my mouth right away. I was so turned on from sucking his big cock that my pussy was ready to pop. I grabbed the edge of the table with my hands as globs of juice poured out of my pussy. I guess the other men got tired of just watching and they all moved in around the table. Just like that I had hands all over my body again, rubbing my thighs, feeling my breasts and squeezing my nipples. 

At that point I didn't care what they did to me. I was so turned on all I wanted to do was have orgasms! I couldn't help myself. I layed down flat on my back and lifted my legs up. I pulled them back and spread them wide open hooking my hands behind my knees. Of course the men all took that as do what ever you want. The nipple squeezing quickly turned into nipple sucking. My pussy was going crazy, one orgasm after another. Boy, did those guys ever like watching my pussy cum. 

Juice was pouring out of me. This went on for a good half an hour. The man with the big cock eating my pussy stood up, his shorts still open and his big cock hard. He grabbed my hips and pulled me across the table until my little butt was hanging over the edge. He stepped right up between my spread legs, and rammed his big cock nearly all the way in my cunt hole on the first thrust. 

"Ohhh! Oouch! Oh my Gaaa!" came out of my mouth quickly, as he stretched my pussy wide open again. By natural reflex I closed my legs but the other men grabbed them, and spread them back open. "Oh my. Oh my. Ohhh! Ohhh!" again came out of my mouth, as the man slowly slid his cock half way in and out of my cunt. The men spread my legs even wider apart as the man slid his cock all the way in my cunt hole. Again my pussy erupted with big orgasms. 

"Oh my God. Oh my God!" came flying out of my mouth. I couldn't believe he was fucking me again.

"She is so fucking wet. Fuck! She's got a hot pussy!" the man fucking me said as though amazed.

His big cock felt so good going all the way in and out of my cunt! One of the other men reached in from my side, and started flipping my clit very firmly. It drove me wild and I spread my legs wider humping my cunt up for him to fuck. He instantly started fucking me harder, banging his cock in my cunt hole hard. Bang, bang, bang - one stroke after another. 

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!" I grunted out loud each time he buried his cock in me. He bang, bang, banged his cock in my pussy for more then a half an hour. He banged into my pussy so hard that the other men had to hold me in place, to keep the table from flipping over. Relentlessly he banged his cock deep in my hole, as I held on tight to the edge of the table.

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahhh!" came from the man's mouth as he slammed his cock in my pussy extremely hard then held it buried there. He shot yet another load of cum in me followed by several short very deep strokes. I could feel his cock getting softer right in my pussy. As he pulled his cock out of my hole his cock again dropped straight down and I got up to my elbows. All the men must have taken this as a sign and they all let go of me and backed away. This without a doubt was the best sex I had yet at the races! I was really getting to love big cock, and boy I sure got one tonight. 

I again used the bathroom in their camper to freshen up. When I came out the guys asked me to spend the night. I knew they all wanted to fuck me, and I can't say I didn't want to, but knew I better get home. I said my goodbyes and headed off for the slide. Nope! I wasn't done flashing yet even though it was nearly five in the morning. When I got to the slide no one was there. I looked around and hell, there was no one out. 

I left my dress open and walked back to my car. I started the car and turned on the heat. I leaned the seat back to rest for a moment, my dress wide open. I fell asleep; can you believe it? I fell asleep. About forty five minutes later I was awoken from knocking on the window. I looked out and there was a cop. I thought 'oh shit I'm in trouble' now. I was half asleep and didn't even realize that my whole naked body was exposed as I opened the window. As usual I didn't say anything. Hell I had no idea what to say. 

"Are you okay?" The officer asked. 

"Ah…Yeah… Yes, I... I guess I was more tired than I thought." It was the only thing I could think to say. 

To my surprise he said, "Be careful driving home. Okay?" 

I thought ‘wow’ what a break. It wasn't till I put the car in gear that I noticed my dress was wide open and the cop was looking at my naked body. Hey, another first for me, flashing a cop. HAH! Well I never closed my dress and drove home. I took my shower, and like always, laid down on my bed spread out naked to again go over my sexual exploits of the night. I was so beat I don't remember anything until I woke up at four in the afternoon. 

Well, that was my second Indy 500. Now I'm going to be off for college in two months, missing the brickyard race. Bummer! As always my stories are one hundred percent true in a timeline of my real life. I can tell you that after college, my life gets extremely interesting. So if you like my stories keep an eye open for them. Hope you liked this one. Bye for now, Kathy.
