Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 9

Saturday was moving day for both Melanie and Josy. Theyd move into their student apartments and they started early in the morning. Since they were moving to the same building as well as on the same day, it was an easy decision for the families to rent a van together to move their things. Still, altogether there wasnt all that much to move.

Though Josy had a secondhand queen-sized bed theyd recently obtained, Melanie had just a single bed that was a spare from a family member. Her parents had offered to buy her a queen-sized, but shed been too embarrassed to accept. Afterwards she had wanted to ask to get it anyway, but now that was embarrassing too. Sometimes she could just kick herself.

Aside from that, they had both gotten a simple desk with a chair, a wardrobe, and a few boxes. Much more wasnt needed for their new bedrooms. Additional furniture might come later, though the bedrooms wouldnt allow much more.

Saturday evening, they were all done and had dinner together to celebrate the move. Though it was a little bit emotional they were moving out, it was a big happy step towards adult life.

Before going to sleep, Melanie had a call with her parents, as she needed some time to get used to this. Afterwards she called Josy, asking if she wanted to talk before sleeping, and Josy invited her over.

It was strange, walking through the building by herself, as the galleries were mostly empty. She passed one apartment that was apparently having a party with the front door open and she heard music, chatter and laughter coming from inside.

One of Josys roommates opened the door for her. Josy was in her room, already in her sleepwear. She was wearing a long shirt and Melanie assumed panties underneath. They lay down on the bed next to each other, since it was easily large enough for both.

Somethings wrong here, Mel, Josy said shortly after.

What do you mean?

Youre wearing more than I am, Josy laughed. Lets fix that.

Melanie blushed. It was true that for once she was more dressed than Josy, but did she mean that she had to strip here in Josys room? Nervously, she got off the bed as Josy sat up. She waited, standing in front of Josy, who raised her eyebrows at her.

Well? Josy asked. Go on then.

What did Josy mean, was she expected to take off her clothes herself? Previously, shed been the passive element, letting Josy strip her. It had taken the responsibility out of her hands.

Having to strip herself, to put on a show, it changed everything. What would she take off first and how far was she supposed to take it? This was a different type of embarrassing from being stripped by Josy.

Wait, Josy said.

Melanie breathed a sigh of relief, but then noticed Josy was just grabbing her phone and starting a song on it.

Dance for me, Mel, Josy grinned at her.

Melanie blushed furiously, unsure where to begin. Josy sighed and paused the song.

Come on, just dance and put on a little show. Do you know how to do a striptease?

Melanie thought she might, so she gulped and nodded, and Josy restarted the song. She started to sway to the rhythm, trying to get in the mood. This is fine, she told herself. After all, Josy had already seen pretty much all of her up close before. Still, having to do this herself felt different.

Josy sat back to watch as she pulled her blouse up. As she danced, she played with the hem near her breasts. During a quiet part of the song, she whipped off the blouse and threw it aside. Luckily, her hair didnt get caught in it. Shed never done this before and hoped she was putting on a decent show at least. She gripped her bra clad B-cup breasts and jigged them a little, and then moved her hands down to rub her stomach as she danced. She undid the button on her jeans, thinking this would be much easier with a skirt, but shed do her best. Working her jeans down, she tried to keep dancing but had to stop when they were around her knees, so she quickly pulled them off as the song came to an end. Josy had apparently queued up another song. Even though she was now less dressed than Josy, she guessed she was supposed to continue.

She was quickly getting in the mood and still in her underwear, turned her back to her one-woman audience and bent over to place her hands on the ground in front of her. She wiggled her butt and the slap on her right butt cheek did not come as a surprise. Still, she played along and yelped, to the amusement of Josy. She stood back up and undid her bra, holding it to her breasts as she turned to face Josy, who she now noticed was holding her phone. Covering her breasts with one arm, she threw the bra at Josy and turned around again.

Swaying her hips to the rhythm, she pulled her panties halfway down her butt and left them there. Moving her hands to her breasts, she turned around, tweaking her nipples before raising her arms above her head as she continued to sway to the music. Finally, as she knew the song was soon coming to an end, she slowly worked her hands down, gliding down her sides to her panties. After teasingly touching herself and feeling the wetness in her panties, she worked them down her legs, kicking them off in Josys direction as the song ended.

Josy softly clapped for her as she stood there, breathing heavily, then made room for her on the bed.

That was great, Mel. And most of it is on video, Josy said as she indicated Melanies phone.

Melanie gasped, grabbing her phone from Josy.

Oh, I really dont know if we can keep this, she said as she lay back down.

We can check it later Josy said, winking at her. Put the phone away for now and lets just talk.

Melanie put it away and reflected on the fact that she was now again naked in Josys room, except this time not in her parental house. She looked to the side and saw Josy sitting up and looking at her.

Maybe someday you should show me how you stay this smooth, Josy said as she reached out to run her fingers over her abdomen and then over her mound. Is this okay?

Uh, yeah, she replied. Its fine.

Truth be told, she was already aroused from her striptease and the soft touches near her sex were increasing that arousal.

Its a fine line, I suppose. Josy said. I know its strange to touch a friend like this, but Im curious as to how your skin feels.

She felt Josy continue to move her fingertips around. It made her feel light-headed again, same as that Saturday in the field a few weeks ago. Again, she was the passive component as Josy seemed interested in exploring her skin. Her only reaction was to move her knees slightly apart as she enjoyed Josys continued touches.

She gasped as Josy moved her fingers down around her clit and was now touching one of her lips. Trembling in response to being touched there by someone else for the first time, she felt Josys fingers moving down to her perineum and she couldnt help but moan in response.

Josy, maybe this is going a bit too far, she said, trying to control herself while the fingers moved around that area.

Im so sorry! Josy said as she removed her hand. After a moment, she added, I wasnt thinking and got carried away.

Ah, its fine, she breathed. Dont worry.

To emphasize her words, she grabbed Josys hand, but feeling her own wetness on those fingers, she immediately let go again. They lay there in silence for a few moments.

Josy?

Yeah?

What are we doing?

I dont know.

Melanie reflected on what had just happened. The implications of what they were doing together were scaring her. Getting exposed and exposing herself, though embarrassing, were feeding her obsession. At the same time, Josys intimate touches would send her arousal through the roof, and she didnt want that to stop. She was scared of what that meant.

Yet again, she was thinking about her feelings for Josy. She felt an instinctual trust in her that she still couldnt explain. She cared about Josy, but as a friend and confidant. There was no particular sexual attraction, though she didnt feel that towards any guys either. She didnt think she was gay, but lately wasnt so sure anymore.

And what about Josy? She hadnt previously considered Josys feelings in detail before, as she knew Josy had had a boyfriend in high school for several years. Josys interest in stripping her had seemed just like a peculiar personality quirk before and last week shed seemed disinterested in helping her with her sexual urges. Only after asking for her help had Josy reluctantly helped her on her way before leaving the room. She wanted to ask Josy why shed touched her so intimately but was afraid of the answer either way.

Sorry I crossed the line, Josy said.

Its fine, Melanie said. Like I said, dont worry.

I dont want this to ruin our friendship.

She knew she had to say something, but she feared that saying the wrong thing would be disastrous. What can she say that would not be taken the wrong way?

I think we can agree that we have an unusual friendship, Josy, she said and waited for Josy to say something in response.

Right.

Maybe we should just accept each others whims and quirks.

Is that what you want? Josy asked.

Unsure of what that question meant and how to answer, she took Josys hand and placed it back on her stomach. Josy left it there, unmoving. Hopefully, that would signal to Josy that its still okay to touch.

Melanie checked her phone; it was already past midnight.

So, what do you think of the apartment, your roommates? She asked.

They talked for a while about their new living situation. It was nice to make small talk after all the heavy conversation. Josy started moving her hand again and the circles she was tracing on her stomach and abdomen felt nice and relaxing. She found herself hoping Josy would go further south again, though she didnt expect her to.

Melanie yawned and checked her phone again. Already past 2 AM.

Its a good thing its Sunday tomorrow, but its time to go sleep, she said.

Alright, Josy said, yawning. But you walk back naked.

I cant! Melanie was shocked at the suggestion.

Though it was all inside, it was at least a few minutes walk to her own apartment, including two flights of stairs if she had to avoid the elevators.

Mel, youve been naked in my room for hours now  by the way, thats a rule here from now on  and at any time, one of my roommates could have barged in here and seen you like this.

What? Your door isnt locked? Melanie asked, snapping her legs together. She thought Josy would have locked it earlier.

You didnt know? Josy laughed. Alright, you can have your panties, but the rest of your clothes remain here. You can pick them up tomorrow.

Josy, I cant. Its late and I want to go to sleep.

Josy got up off the bed and gathered Melanies clothes, then turned around to look at her.

Fine, but you owe me one, Josy said as she tossed the bundle of clothes at Melanie.

Fine, Melanie sighed.

Sunday morning, she woke up pretty early despite sleeping so late, and after taking a shower she got dressed and went to the common room for breakfast. Her roommates had explained that they had a fridge there she could use. Most of them had their own fridge in their rooms with just one other using the kitchen fridge.

Good morning, someone said behind her as she stood in the kitchen making breakfast.

She turned around to see a girl sitting on one of the couches with a book. She hadnt met her yet.

Good morning, Im Melanie, she said as she walked up to her to shake her hand.

Reese, the girl said, then asked, You moved in yesterday?

As Melanie made breakfast, Reese explained how she had been out all Saturday. She was 22, a bit smaller than her with sleek ash blonde hair that went just past her ears. They talked a little while before Reese went back to reading and Melanie grabbed a magazine from the table.

Morning you two. Hey Melanie, did Reese make you put on clothes? Alani asked.

Melanie began to protest but was interrupted by Alani pulling her up from the couch and ushering her out the room.

Go get yourself comfortable, Melanie. This is as much your house as it is ours.

What just happened? Melanie was speechless as she made her way to her room. It was true she wasnt exactly dressed casual in her jeans and blouse, but did Alani really expect her to lounge around naked as Josy told them she liked to do?

Well, she had to admit she could wear more casual clothes around the apartment, but while imagining walking back out naked did excite her, there was no way shed start doing that here. She changed into sweatpants and a comfy top and went back to the common room. Reese was focused on her reading and Alani watched her as she walked back to the couch.

Dont worry, I explained it to Reese. Were very accepting here, Alani said.

Im not actually a nudist, my friend was just kidding, she said.

If you say so, Alani laughed. Just saying, make yourself at home.

She decided not to argue. Her roommates seemed to be nice enough and she suspected that Alani was just teasing her, which she didnt mind. She spent most of the day studying, only taking a break for some yoga. That night in bed she thought back to Alanis teasing and wondered what she might actually get away with in front of her roommates. On a whim, she decided to try sleeping in the nude for the first time. She very much liked the direct contact of the bedsheets on her skin, though she had to be careful not to let the cloth rub her nipples too much when she moved.

Monday morning, as she was getting ready to shower she wondered if she had to dress just to go to the shower. As her room was the last of the six in the hallway, the bathroom was just a few steps from her door. With her towel and necessities in hand she opened the door to poke her head out. The bathroom light was off and there was no one else in the hallway, though she heard some voices coming from the common room. She quickly tip toed to the bathroom and went in, feeling exhilarated that shed done it.

After her shower, she again poked her head out to see if the hallway was empty, then casually walked naked back to her room. As she hung up her towel, she decided shed try to do that every day.

Between classes Brian asked how the move went and then asked if she wanted to go for a run together.

Sure, but do you know a good route? I havent looked around much yet, she said.

I have a few routes figured out, and I can show you one that is close to where you live, Brian explained. Are you a morning runner or evening runner?

Morning, before classes. When I run in the evening, Im just wiped out after.

Alright, I can be at your place around seven.

That would make it rather tight for time before having to go to classes, Melanie thought.

Six thirty? I dont want to have to rush after.

That evening was the first time Melanie met all her roommates at once, as they had dinner together. Usually, one or two cooked for everyone else on a rotating schedule. Thankfully, they didnt bring up the nudist thing again.

The following morning, after her alarm went off at six fifteen, she rolled out of bed and put on her runners outfit of black leggings, sports bra, and jacket. Shed shower after the run.

Going outside, she found that Brian wasnt there yet. She checked and it was a few minutes till six thirty, so she started a warmup routine while waiting for him. Not long after, he arrived at a jogging pace and they started their run. He showed her a nice route that seemed safe enough even early in the morning as they encountered plenty of traffic and people along the route. She thought she could run this route by herself as well. After a solid thirty minute run they arrived back at her building.

You didnt have to come back with me. Isnt this out of the way for you? She asked Brian as they slowed to a walk.

Its fine, he said. I enjoyed our run together. Do you want to go again Thursday?

Sure, sounds good. Do you mind interval training?

We can do that, sure.

They talked a bit more about their run before saying bye.

Thanks for the run, Brian, see you in class, she said.

As she went inside, she took off her jacket and checked the time. Ten past seven. No one else seemed to be up yet. In her room she decided to strip before doing her stretches. She was sweating and it felt nice to do her stretches naked. Another ten minutes of cooldown time later, she checked whether the bathroom was empty before walking over with her towel over her arm. Maybe she was a nudist, she reflected, a secret nudist. As she walked into the bathroom she heard one of the bedroom doors open. Close call, she thought.

Wednesday brought a surprise change in weather. A warm front was sweeping in and raised the temperature well above normal early October weather.

That evening before she went to sleep, Josy came by for a catch-up chat in her room. Shed already prepared for bed and had just put on a robe to open the door. After Josy closed her door, she hesitated, but Josy just walked up to her, pulled open her robe and took it off her, leaving her naked.

Though Josy had seen her naked several times, she once again felt embarrassed. Whether it was because it was her new bedroom or because of what happened the last time shed been naked in front of Josy, she didnt know. She was glad that Josy was still happy to take control as she usually did, and it still gave her tingles.

They talked for a little while and she thought of telling Josy about her new bathroom ritual, though she decided to leave it. For now, she didnt want Josy to push her any further in that direction.

The warmer weather came up and Melanie saw a grin forming on Josys face.

Tomorrow no panties, Mel, Josy declared.

Oh, was all she could say as she felt the heat rise in her face.

Lets pick your outfit, Josy said as she walked to her wardrobe.

Melanie gulped. She wondered what Josy would pick out for her. Perhaps Josy knew she would push back if it was too extreme and though she picked out something risky, it wasnt too much to deal with. She decided not to argue and accepted Josys choice.



