The sky was filled with dark clouds that hadn’t been there a few minutes ago. Fat, cold raindrops were falling fast. Lightning streaked across the sky, the vibration of thunder echoing in their chests.

Still, they were laughing. They laughed as they ran to the safety of their cabin, hands still clasped together.

It had been beautiful out when he had woken up this morning. After so much time spent on the ship, the mountain air was refreshing. He had been the one that had suggested the walk. He had every intention of spending as much time outside as possible. Not that being stuck inside of the cabin with Will while they waited out the storm was a bad thing.

A spike of lust shot through his body, so much more powerful than he’d ever felt. They stopped just inside the cabin, front door closed behind them, to catch their breath.

“Looks like the power is out.”

Another spike of lust shot through Wesley’s body at the sound of Will’s voice. It demanded that they be naked. Now. He pressed himself against Will, knowing that Will would feel his arousal even through their rain sodden jeans.

He grabbed Will through his jeans and was rewarded with a sharp intake of breath and the feel of Will growing beneath his hand. He wrapped his other hand around the back of Will’s neck and pulled him down for a bruising kiss. He licked his way into Will’s mouth and started walking them towards the bed.

He felt Will’s strong arms wrap around him, pulling him in tighter, but before he was pressed flush against Will, he removed his hand from between them and slipped it up under Will’s shirt, wanting to feel the heat of Will’s skin on his hand.

When they reached the bed, he didn’t push Will down onto it. Instead he reached down with both hands and gripped Will’s shirt, pulling out of the kiss to yank the shirt over Will’s head.

When the shirt was off, he bit down at the pulse in Will’s neck, running his hands along rain-dampened skin. He kissed his way back up to Will’s lips, tugging Will’s bottom lip in his teeth and then biting down hard. He could feel the fingers digging into his back as he heard Will groan.

He licked at Will’s lip and actually growled when he tasted the blood. He mashed their lips together again and raked his nails down Will’s back, loving the shudder it caused in him.

He pulled out of the kiss and dropped to his knees, undoing Will’s soaked jeans and tugging them and the briefs down with him. He gripped Will’s hips and took him into his mouth, swallowing until his nose was buried in hair. Will gasped and groaned in appreciation above him, the muscles in his body tensing as he tried not to thrust into Wesley’s mouth.

Wesley pulled back until just the head was in his mouth. He looked up at Will and took one of Will’s hands and put it on top of his head. He put his hand back on Will’s hips and pushed Will forward into his mouth. Will’s eyes widened in surprise at what Wesley was offering him. Wesley smiled around Will and felt the hand in his grip tighten and Will started fucking Wesley’s mouth.

Wesley could tell Will was getting close when the hand in his hair gripped harder and pulled him off. Wesley was on his feet and attacking Will’s mouth within seconds. Will tugged Wesley’s shirt off and before he could blink, Will had divested him of the rest of his clothes and was shoving him down onto the bed.

Will latched on to Wesley’s neck, biting and sucking. Wesley was going to have multiple bruises around his neck. Will worked his way lower and Wesley felt the scrape of teeth on his nipple, and then Will was biting down hard, harder than he’d ever down before.

Wesley arched up against Will and cried out, the pain and pleasure overloading his senses. He briefly registered fingers breaching him and then felt the blunt head of Will’s cock pressing against him, but here Will paused. Even with rough sex, Will wasn’t willing to hurt him more than what he could handle.

Wesley looked up at Will. “Do it.”

He wasn’t sure if it was the look on his face or the tone of his voice, or maybe both, but whatever it was, Will grinned at him and buried himself in Wesley in one hard thrust.

Wesley cried out at the sudden intrusion, the burning pain of being stretched too fast almost unbearable. Will paused, trying to allow Wesley the time to adjust, but he didn’t want that.

“Move.”

Thankfully, Will didn’t question it and began to move. It was fast and rough, and the burning sensation soon gave way to such pleasure. Wesley clung to Will, meeting his every thrust.

It was frantic and hot and so unlike anything that Wesley had ever experienced. He mouthed along Will’s neck, the dampness from the rain quickly turning into sweat slickened skin from the workout they were getting.

He raked his hands down Will’s back again, harder than he had earlier. He was probably leaving scratch marks. They were both going to come out of this bloody and bruised, and at that thought, the orgasm hit him suddenly, a bright heat of pleasure. He bit down hard at the juncture of Will’s neck and shoulder, fingers digging into Will’s back.

He must have blacked out from the intensity of the orgasm, because when he became aware of his surroundings again, he was still lying on his back, but he was tucked against Will’s body and the blanket was pulled over them.

He rolled his head to the side to look at Will.

“Welcome back to the world, Wes. I hope you’re not expecting sex for the rest of the week after that.”

Wesley chuckled and rolled on his side to face Will.

“Don’t worry old man, I’m sure you’ll be fine after a good night’s sleep.”

Wesley smiled at the look of indignation on Will’s face that was completely ruined by the smile that threatened to break out at any moment.

“Brat.”

Wesley hummed in agreement and tucked his face against Will’s neck, the hunger, because that was the most accurate description he could think of, finally sated, and let the warmth of Will’s body and the dying thunderstorm lull him to sleep.