They Stole my Puberty
by Vanessa Evans

Part 06

The Saturday morning started as usual, swimming lesson the full workout and I have to say that I am improving in all areas. This time Luke did thumb fuck me and make me cum in the pool before watching me cum again on the exercise bike. There was just one oldish man in the workout room at the same time and he did nothing but stare at me as I did my routine.

It was driving lesson time again and I had another 4 hours without even thinking that Dave might be trying to see my pussy.

After a quick nap to unwind from the intensity of the lesson it was down to the leisure centre for my 30 minute routine. Karen was on and we had a little chat during which she warned me that there were again some boisterous youths in the pool. I told her that I didn’t intend to use the pool but maybe the jacuzzi or sauna after my workout. 


Jason Looked please to see me and he came round my routine with me, watching me and recording my progress on each machine. How he’d record my orgasm on the exercise bike I just didn’t know, I couldn’t imagine there being a box on the computer system for them to enter if a girl had cum or not.

After Jason had watched me cumming on the exercise bike again, I told him that I thought that I might be getting addicted to orgasms as I was wanting to have one all the time.

“That sounds like a good thing to me.” Jason said.

“Well it’s certainly fun at the moment but I guess that there must be times that it can be a problem, especially if the start coming spontaneously.”

“You mean like when you’re talking to someone like your bank manager and you suddenly cum?”

“Yes.”

“Are you like that?”

“No, it’s just that I want to cum most of the time and when I do it’s not long before I want to cum again.”

“I would have thought that that was a good thing not a bad thing.”

“Well it is at the moment but who knows what that damned drug did to me. It might have sown the seeds for me becoming a nymphomaniac.”

“You should be so lucky.” 

Also whilst we were going round Jason asked me about the picnic and I told him that Karen had almost forced me to go with them without any clothes on. Jason smiled and replied,

“I know, she told me, she also told me that you’d thoroughly enjoyed yourself and wanted to go on a day trip to the seaside, and to walk along the sea front amusements and the funfair all whilst naked.”

“She said that! I don’t remember saying that. I’m sure that I’d get arrested if I did that.”

“Probably not, it depends which resort we take you to. If it’s one of the big ones there will probably be lots of yobs there and lots of coppers to try to keep them in line, but the smaller resorts are quieter and you usually never see a copper so I’m sure you could get away with it.”

“Do you think that I should try something like that Jason?”

“You already have and from what I’ve heard you had an amazing time and got an admirer as well.”

“Who?”

“Matt, and from what I’ve heard he’s quite keen on you, do you fancy him?”

“Yes, I think that I do but I’m sure that he wouldn’t want to go out with a girl that looks like he is babysitting. Besides, I’m not sure that I want a boyfriend at the moment, just a friend with benefits.”

“Time will tell Penny, but I guess that it’s all down to how affectionate you would get in public, if you were canoodling in public someone might complain but if you were just holding hands people would probably think that it was sweet for him to be holding his little sister’s hand.”

“Where did you get the word canoodling from Jason, do people still use that word?”

“Well I just did and you know what I mean.”


By then we were getting to the end of my routine and I was in the standing splits when Jason looked at my spread pussy and said,

“And I’m 100% sure that Matt would like to fuck that.”

“You think so Jason.”

“No, I know so, that is every man’s wet dream.”

“Do you dream about my pussy Jason?”

“Yes, but you mustn’t tell my girlfriend.”

“I won’t, thank you for telling me, maybe you should find a different way to support me in the swimming pool.”

“Nice as it sounds Penny, I don’t think that that’s a good idea.”

“Probably not, I guess we’ll just have to stick with thumbs.”


My 30 minute routine was complete and I headed for the jacuzzi. Karen had been right there was 3 boisterous youths in the pool but when they saw the naked girl walking alongside the pool they shut up and watched me. Then they followed me into the jacuzzi.

I guess that it was very similar to the previous week with them saying things and me ignoring them, then me sitting on the side with my knees open and practising my Kegel exercises. I was glad that they had the common sense not to try anything because I would have screamed blue murder and got them thrown out of the hotel.


When I left them they didn’t follow me and guessed that they didn’t want everyone to know that they had boners.


Back in my room it was a shower then some more theory test practice until I started to feel hungry. My pussy was starting to tingle in the anticipation that it would me Matt that delivered my room service meal. 
 

It was Matt that brought me my burger and fries and after he’d put them on the side he turned to me and said,

“Can we talk please Penny?”

Basically we told each other that we liked each other a lot and that we wanted to get to know each other better. Not necessarily as a couple but as good friends, Matt adding ‘friends with benefits’ to which I agreed. I was acutely aware of the problems that would face both of us if we became a ‘couple’ and I got the impression that Matt did as well so friends with benefits would be good for both of us and we agreed to go forward on that basis and see how things went.

“So how do we start the ‘with benefits’ part?” Matt asked.

“I think that you already have Matt. You’ve already seen me naked, you’ve already made me cum, you’ve seen the videos and you know that I am still a cock virgin. I can also tell you that I’ve never given a blowjob and never had my pussy eaten. I’ve never even had a cock in my hands”

“And you want me to help you with those problems Penny.”

“Yes please, but there’s another problem that I’m hoping that you can help me with, I want to resolve those problems live on a camgirl session. 

Matt’s response was to say,

“I can’t right now, I’m supposed to be working, I’ll probably get a bollocking for taking so long to deliver your burger.”

I smiled, reached over and kissed him on his lips and replied,

“What time do you finish.”

“Midnight.”

“I’ll be expecting you at midnight then. Oh Matt, there’s one more thing that I think that you should be aware of, I think that I’m becoming addicted to orgasms.”

“Well Penny, that’s something else that I look forward to helping you with. I’ll see you at midnight.”


Like a love-stuck teenage girl I ate my burger, cleaned my teeth and showered. I cursed myself for not getting any nail varnish then thought,

“Nail varnish, like makeup, will make me look older than what I look like without it, Do I want to look half my real age or a little bit older? If I look at bit older will people start complaining about me being naked so do I really want to get some nail varnish?”

In the end I decided that I would get some but only use it on the occasions where I wanted to look as close to my real age as possible. I had this vision of Matt taking me to a posh dinner and dance and me wanting to look like a woman of the age that I actually am.

I didn’t see any point in putting any clothes on because Matt had seen me naked a lot. I couldn’t ever remember seeing him when I had any clothes on. Apart from that I was hoping that he would take my cock virginity live on my camgirl site and definitely wanted to be naked for that.


I was ready for him hours before he was due so I decided to take my mind off what I hoped was going to happen by doing some more theory driving test simulations.


The next thing that I knew was someone knocking on my door. It was dark outside and all the light were on. I was half way to the door when I realised that that I must have fallen asleep and that it must be Matt knocking on my door.

It was. I let him in then excused myself and went to the bathroom where I splashed some water on my face. As I properly woke up my pussy started tingling in anticipation.

“So Matt, this is it, do you still want to do this for me, do you still want to take my virginity live on my camgirl site?”

Matt pointed to the large bulge in his jeans and said,

“Does that answer your question Penny?

I licked my lips and smiled.

“So how are we going to do this Penny? I’m guessing that you want your first cock penetration to be the star of the show, that is to say you want the camera to see me entering you?”

“I do.”

“So the best way that I can think of doing it is for me to get on my back with the laptop between my legs like you did in your videos, then for you to stand either side of my hips and then lower yourself onto me. Does that sound okay to you?”

“Yeah that’s the only way that I could think of doing it as well. Every other way would block the view of the camera.”

“That’s decided then,” Matt said, “but first come here Penny.”

I stepped to him and he put his arms round my waist and kissed me, a proper kiss, tongues and all. 

That was the first proper kiss that I had ever had and I wanted it to go on for ever, well almost, there was another first that I had to take care of.

As we kissed I started to undo Matt’s jeans and with a bit of help from him he was soon as naked as I was, his warm, hard cock pressing just below my ribs.

I soo wanted to grab hold of that cock and hold it and kiss it but before that I wanted it inside me.

My first orgasm with a cock inside me was starting to make its presence known but I had to stop. I pushed myself away from Matt and pulled him down onto the bed and arranged his legs and the laptop between them so that his balls and cock filled the screen. 

“Before we do it live can I just look at and hold your cock please Matt? I’ve never seen one properly before.”

Matt wasn’t going to object and he just lay there as I explored his genitals with my eyes and fingers. I was aware of the fact that when a man hasn’t had sex for a while it doesn’t take much for them to explode so I didn’t want to touch him too much. There would be plenty of time for that later. My priority was to lose my cock virginity.

I straddled him sitting on his thighs with his cock pressing against the crack of my butt.

Next I leant forwards and started my camgirl session. Once we were streaming live I announced that as promised I was going to loose my cock virginity live during that session.

The comments started coming in and I waited for a couple of minutes for the count of voyeurs to top 100.

“Right, here we go.” I said and raised myself up.

Matt’s cock came on the screen as my pussy went right up to the top of the screen. My right hand went for his cock and held it up upright and I manoeuvred myself until I felt the tip of his cock at the entrance to my vagina.

Three things happened then in this order. Firstly I nearly orgasmed at the feeling of Matt’s cock touching my entrance, secondly I soo wanted to just go down on him as fast as I could, and thirdly I slowly descended enjoying every millimetre that Matt’s cock went into me. I have never had such a wonderful feeling, another thing that I wanted to go on for ever and ever.

I was totally oblivious to the camgirl session as I descended. Even when I couldn’t go any further down and then I started going up and down I didn’t even remember the laptop.

I didn’t stop going up and down even when I felt him cum inside me which triggered me to cum. 

It was only when Matt’s cock started to go soft that I bottomed out and just sat there that I looked at the laptop.

Oh my gawd, the comments were coming in faster than I could read them. Then I shut that laptop lid, got to my feet, turned round and lay on top of Matt, my mouth finding his. 

After a kiss that lasted for hour (maybe 2 minutes) I lifted my head and said,

“Thank you Matt. I have wanted to do that for ages.”

“You are so welcome Penny, I’ve wanted to do that ever since I first walked into this room and saw you naked for that first time.”

“Can I explore your body please Matt?”

“You don’t need to ask Penny, you can do whatever you want with my body, whenever you want.” 

“And you can do the same with mine Matt.”

I shuffled down Matt’s body until my face was millimetres from his cock. It was still soft but it was covered with both his cum and my juices. I studied it and started playing with it with my fingers marvelling how it grew and pointed towards the wall above Matt’s head.

I wrapped my hand around it and instinctively moved my hand up and down slowly. I kissed then licked the tip and tasted both the near clear liquid coming out of the end and both of our juices that were left from us fucking earlier.

I couldn’t help myself and before I realised what I was doing I was straddling Matt again and going up and down on his cock. It didn’t take long for us both to cum again then I collapsed down onto Matt again. After getting my breath back I slid off him and lay next to him on my side with an arm over him.

The last thing that I remember about that night was me thinking that my pussy felt wetter than it ever had before.

*****

I woke to the feeling of Matt fucking me again. I was on my back with my legs spread wide and Matt was on top of me supporting his weight on his arms. My pussy was responding quite fast and before long we were both cumming. Matt rolled onto his side and I had just thanked him when I realised that it was starting to get light outside.

“Shit, what time is it Matt?”

“6:45 why?”

“I’ve got my swimming lesson and workout at 7 a.m.”

“Oh yes, a thumb fucking from Jason or Luke.”

“Yes, you’re not going to get all jealous on me are you Matt?”

“Hell no, friends with benefits not lovers.”

“Yes that’s right, so if you want to fuck Karen or whoever I don’t expect you to not do it because of me.”

“Karen wouldn’t want me and there’s no one else at the moment.”

By then I was in the bathroom sat on the toilet.

“I wouldn’t be too sure about Karen.”

“So what are you doing today Penny?”

“Swimming lesson, workout, hey you could join me there, then breakfast then a driving lesson. Then I’ve got them every Monday, Wednesday and Friday until I pass my test. Oh, and I’ve got my theory test on Tuesday. I need to revise for that today and tomorrow morning as well.”

“You could save some time by getting a room service breakfast Penny. It won’t be me bringing it because I’m not on until this afternoon but I’m sure that one of the other guys will appreciate seeing you like that.”

“That’s not a bad idea Matt.”

“Do you want me to phone the order through? What time for?”

“9:15 please.”

“Consider it done Penny. Hey, I hope that you didn’t mind me waking you like that?”

“Hell no.” I mumbled as I cleaned my teeth.

Matt was on the phone when I came out of the bathroom. I looked at my vibrator and thought,

“Shall I, shan’t I?”

I decided against putting it in me, thinking that I didn’t want it in for my driving lesson and there’d be plenty of time once I’d passed my driving tests.

My breakfast was ordered and I said,

“Are you coming to watch me do my workout then Matt?”

“Rain cheque? Tomorrow? I’ll have more time tomorrow morning.”

“So will I, okay, tomorrow it is. Gotta go.”

I grabbed my key card and as I walked to the door I said,

“Shut the door when you leave please, Seeya at midnight?”

“Midnight it is.” Matt replied.

Karen was walking along the downstairs corridor at the same time as I was and when she saw me she said,

“You’re looking cheerful this morning Penny.”

“Yes I am, I lost my virginity a few hours ago.”

“Good for you, who with?”

“Matt.”

“I sort of expected that, was it good?”

“Amazing.”

“So you two will be at it like rabbits from now on?”

“Maybe, we’re not going to be boyfriend and girlfriend, I don’t think that either fair on him or that I’m ready for something like that, we’re just going to be friends with benefits.” 

“So you will be going at it like rabbits then.”

“I hope so.”

Karen unlocked the door and I went to the pool ready for my lesson.

I was sat on the side of the pool dangling my feet in the water when Jason came and congratulated me.

“Is nothing a secret in this place?” I asked as I lay on my back ready to practise how my arms and legs should move.

“Not really, especially when you tell Karen something and you go making videos of yourself doing things.” Jason replied as he grabbed my ankles and started moving my legs like I should for the breast stroke.

“So have you seen last night’s video, we only made it a few hours ago.”

“Not yet Penny, you’ve just confirmed that there is one so I’ll find it when my shift finishes, not that I particularly want to see Matt’s cock but I like watching your pussy spread open.”

“Like you’re spreading it right now Jason?”

“Yes, but this is teaching you to swim, it’s not supposed to count.”

“But you still enjoy seeing me naked with my pussy opening and closing like you are making it do right now?”

“There’d be something wrong with me if I didn’t.”

“And you like seeing me workout, spreading my legs and cumming on the bikes?”

“Of course I do, so do all the other guys that go in there. If the hotel had more regulars like you I’m sure that they would be down here every morning just to stare at your pussies.”

“Thank you Jason, it’s nice of you to say so. Shall we move into the pool now, you’ve been spreading my legs a lot more than usual.”

“Just looking to see if your pussy has changed now that you’ve been fucked.”

“And has it?”

“It still looks as inviting as ever. We really should take some photos of it and put them up all over the hotel.”

“Very funny, I’m sure that that would go down well with the rest of the guests, NOT.”

“Hey Penny, I hear that there’s photographic workshop and a medical seminar booked for the York Suite and I hear that the manager is going to ask you to attend them?”

“When, I hope that they don’t interfere with my driving lessons.”

“I’m sure that your driving instructor won’t mind you swapping days if they clash.”

“You’re probably right Jason.” 

“Penny, do you take your driving lessons like that?”

“Of course not, I put some clothes on but all my skirts are so short that Dave, my instructor, could probably see my slit if he looked, but he’s a nice man, I doubt that he’s even looked.”

“I bet that he has.”

“Jason, is my entire lesson this morning going to be just you opening and closing my legs?”

“Sorry Penny, all this talk of you fucking and showing your naked body to lots of people has distracted me. Into the water.”

“You will be supporting me and your thumb will be in its usual place won’t it?” 

“I’m not sure that you need that any more Penny, your swimming is coming along nicely.”

“Oh I do need it Jason, I think that I’m getting addicted to cumming.”

“Then I’d better keep doing it then, the customer is always right.”

“Such wonderful customer service at this hotel.” I replied just before jumping into the pool.


The rest of the lesson went well and produced the expected orgasm, so did my workout with the bike saddle doing what I hoped it did. My first real fucks hadn’t diminished the sensitivity of my clit.

Karen was very cheerful when I got back to the reception.

“What’s making you so happy Karen” I asked.

“I’m happy for you Penny, I’ve just heard that you are going to be the star at the photographic workshop and the medical seminar.”

“You didn’t hear when they are did you?”

“Not exactly, but it will probably be in 2 or 3 weeks, why?”

“I don’t want then to clash with my driving lessons.”

“Fingers crossed.”

“I’ve got another lesson at 10 a.m. and I haven’t had my breakfast yet.”

“I’ll phone room service and let them know that you are on you way back to your room.”

“How did you know that I was having a room service breakfast? Oh never mind, I can guess. Gotta go.”

“Enjoy your lesson Penny.”


I was just getting out of the shower when there was a knock on my door. Dumping the towel I opened the door to see a different room service guy. 

“Hi, I’m Tony, you ordered a breakfast.”

“Yes Tony, come on in. So you work with Matt then?” I asked.	

“Yes and no, we do the same job, just on separate shifts..”

“I guess that I should have worked that one out. Anyway, thanks for the breakfast, sorry I can’t give you tip I haven’t got any cash.”

“Totally not necessary Ms McNally.”

“Please, just Penny.”

“Thank you Penny.”

Tony left and I ate whilst deciding what to wear, deciding on my least revealing dress but even that one would ride up and Dave would still be able to see my slit, if Jason was right and Dave would be looking. Not that it bothered me if he did.


I was down in the hotel reception, dressed and ready for my lesson when the driving school car arrived and I was soon driving away from the hotel and me telling Dave that my theory test was the next afternoon and that I was getting between getting around 95% of all the practise tests correct.

Then Dave told me that when I passed I should book the practical test and tick the box to say that I can use a cancellation slot if there is one available. That pleased me because Dave hadn’t been telling me off for doing things wrong anywhere near as often when I first started.

The rest of the lesson went well and 4 hours later I was getting out of the car back at the hotel. When I walked in I was met by the manager, Dave Seaton who asked me to follow him to his office. In a way I was a little disappointed that I still had my clothes on but that didn’t appear to affect Mr. Seaton in any way, just me.

He told me about the photographic workshop and a medical seminar and asked me if I was still interested in being their subject material. That title didn’t sound too nice to me but if it meant being seen naked by lots of people I was interested. The Mr. Seaton gave me the dates and I just said,

“Oh.”

“Is there a problem Penny?”

“Probably not, you may have seen the driving school car and I’m about to book my practical driving test. All being well I can get a slot that doesn’t clash with these dates.”

“I understand, can you let me know how you get on please Penny.”

“Sure, anything else?”

“No, I hear that you had a good time at the picnic, we’ve got a decent bunch of workers here.”

“Yes, I did have a great time thank you. Karen said that there may be a staff trip to the coast coming up soon, I’d like to go on that as well if that’s possible.”

“I’m sure that it will be, everyone said that they’d enjoyed your company on the picnic.”

 
From the Manager’s office I resumed my original plan of going to my room, leaving my clothes there and going to the leisure centre to do my 30 minute routine then relax in the jacuzzi.

George wasn’t at the reception desk so I went straight in and told Luke what I was going to do. It was probably a little early for the business men so we were on our own and whilst I was working out I told Luke about my day, including the medical seminar and the photographer’s workshop.

“Those photographers will have you spreading your legs for them Penny.”

“More than you spread mine and these exercises spread them?”

“Okay, you got me there.”

“Maybe you should bring a camera in here and take lots of photographs when we are on our own. I’d like that.”

“Then I’ll make it happen for you Penny.”

Luke watched me doing all the exercises including me cumming on the exercise bike. A man came in just as I was finishing and I smiled at him and wondered if he knew what he had missed. After the workout it was along soak in the jacuzzi then back to my room for some more theory test revision.

I ordered a room service meal and was on my hands and knees on my bed when I shouted ‘come in’. As expected it was Matt who delivered my food and as soon as I saw him in the mirror I said,

“Fuck me Matt.”

He did then he went back to work. We did the same when he came to collect my plates and I checked that he’d be back at midnight. It was 00:10 when Matt knocked on my door and we spent 3 hours trying all the things that both of us could think of, many of which were first for me but certainly not the last time that I would do all of them. We did them all on a camgirl session. 
 
*****

The Monday went much the same as the Sunday with nothing really any different

On the Tuesday morning I’d set my alarm before Matt had arrived after his afternoon shift on the Monday but I didn’t need it because I woke up 10 minutes early with Matt eating my pussy. I got to my swimming lesson on time and both the lesson and workout went that same as usual. 

When I got back to my room room service were waiting with my breakfast, Tony smiling at the naked girl walking towards her room. I told him not to come and collect the empties as I needed to get some sleep before noon. I didn’t tell him why.

When I woke at lunchtime I was feeling wide awake which was a good job because I needed my wits about me.  After I ate the apple that had been with my breakfast I had a shower then put on just a skirt and top. They really made me look slutty but that didn’t bother me, I didn’t need to look like a professional woman where I was going.

The driving theory test place was right across town so I asked Emily on the hotel’s reception desk to get me a taxi to take me there. While I was waiting for it we engaged in some idle chit-chat and she asked me if I’d enjoyed the picnic and if I’d been worried about being so far from any clothes.

“Yes, on both counts but the excitement and risk had been a tremendous turn-on and made it worth while. Also I knew that the people that I was with would look after me it was needed.”

“But what did you think when the guys were carrying you around with your legs wide open?”

“To be honest, that was some of the best part.”

“I could never do anything like that.”

“Yet you took your top off and let the guys stare at your bare tits.”

“We’ve all got tits, it’s just that women’s tits are usually bigger than men’s tits, no offence meant Penny.”

“None taken, but a woman going topless is half way to her getting naked, unless the woman spreads her legs there is almost nothing to see.”

“True but ……..”

“I’m guessing that that is my taxi that’s just pulled up. Think about it Emily.”


I got to the test centre with 5 minutes to spare and the place was setup similar to the school gym at exams time and about an hour later I was leaving with a pass certificate in my hand. 

As soon as I got back to the hotel I went online and booked my practical driving test. I was lucky on 2 counts, firstly they had a cancellation on the Friday of the following week, and secondly, it didn’t clash with either the photographic workshop or the medical seminar. I had 4 more driving lessons to get good enough to pass my test.


It was a confident and naked little girl that inserted her remote controlled vibrator, switched it on to low vibrations and went down to the leisure centre smiling at the 4 people that she saw on the way.


Karen had just started her shift and I spent ages telling her all my news 

 
*****

The Wednesday went much the same as my other driving lesson days. The only real difference being that I told Dave that I’d passed my theory test and booked my practical test for a week on Friday. Dave told me that I should be capable of passing my test by then. He also said,
 
“Penny, please don’t rake this the wrong way, and let me say that I have no problem with what you wear but it’s really is not a good idea to turn up to take your practical driving test wearing a skirt as short as that one. The examiner could misinterpret it as you trying to influence the result by showing so much bare flesh.”

“Oh, sorry Dave, I didn’t think about that and I can see your point. This is one of my longer dresses but I’ll go out and get a longer one before I take the test.”

“Thanks Penny, I wouldn’t have mentioned it but these examiners are looking for any excuse to fail people.”

“That’s okay Dave, thank you for pointing it out. Am I embarrassing you by wearing a dress so short?”

“Not at all Penny, you are a very attractive young woman.”

“I look like a little girl but thank you Dave. It’s a long story why I look like the way I do and I won’t bore you with the details but suffice to say that I’ve come to terms with the way I look.”

“I’m pleased for you Penny, now, take the first exit at the roundabout.”

*****

On the Thursday I had intended to have a relaxing day. Matt had been working the previous afternoon shift and had woken me by eating my pussy in plenty of time for me to get to my swimming lesson and workout. Luke got out of the pool and told me to swim 6 lengths then the lesson would be finished.

As I was doing those lengths I noticed that Luke disappeared but when I got to the workout room there were no guests there but Luke was and there was a street clothed man with an expensive looking camera and some portable lights.
  
“You said that you wanted some photographs and videos of you working out Penny, so this man is here to take them.” Luke said.

“But I’ve got my vibrator in and it’s switched on.”

“That’s okay Penny, it will make the recordings more interesting. Are you ready Ted?”

“Yep.”

“Okay Penny, just do what you usually do for your morning workout.”

I did, and Ted followed me around the room taking both stills and videos. Guess where the camera was pointing whenever I opened my legs and it was a long video when I was on the exercise cycle. The vibrator’s antenna making my clit sliding from side to side on the saddle made me cum twice and Ted was getting in my way a bit by holding the camera in front of my pussy and probably recording my clit as it slid from side to side of the front of the saddle. I also orgasmed again when I was doing the standing splits, the camera came so close to my pussy that I could feel Ted’s breath on my pussy.

When it was finally over I asked Ted if I could have copy of all the unedited videos and stills. Ted was happy with that request and said that he’d send a copy to Luke for me.


That was the first unexpected bonus of the day, the second was when I phoned Lucy and asked her if she could make me a dress that wasn’t revealing or see through and was knee length.

“Are you going for a formal interview or something Penny?”

“My driving test a week tomorrow.”

“That explains it then, sure, that’s easy, if you can come here on Saturday it will be ready, and whilst you are here you can collect some of the other clothes that I said I’d make for you.”

“Excellent Lucy, thank you, I’ll be there around this time in the morning.”

After I’d terminated the call I wondered if Lucy would get me to stand in the window for a while.  


The second unexpected bonus was that Matt came to see me before he started his shift and we spent an hour or so enjoying each other’s bodies live on my camgirl site. We’d already arranged for him to come for some ‘benefits’ after his shift finished but I had a double dose of benefits that day.


The third unexpected bonus was that Bob Hammond phoned me and we had a long chat about all sort of relevant things including the fact that he’d found a couple of cottages that he thought that I might like to have a look at. I told him that I couldn’t go and look at them until the next Tuesday which was okay with him and we fixed a time for him to collect me to go. In the meantime he told me that he’s email me the details along with videos.


I decided to have a slow walk into town to look at some more cars and have a look around the shopping centre. The skirt and top that I wore were quite revealing and I went into the shopping centre for a few rides on the escalators in front of young men. I didn’t notice that one young man who followed me up one time was either drunk or on drugs but he started shouting that I didn’t have any knickers on. I guessed that he was too drunk to notice the pink antenna hanging below my pussy because I’m sure that he would have shouted about it if he’s seen it. 

Him shouting attracted the attention of some shoppers and at the top he started to follow me so I went up to one of the security guards and told him that the young man had put his hand up my skirt on the escalator. I left as soon as the guard started chasing the young man.

I also had a bit of fun in the food hall doing what I’d seen another girl do in there, sitting opposite a male victim and letting him watch her rub her pussy for him. After all those escalator rides I actually made myself cum for him.


On the way back to the hotel I stopped off at another car dealership for a look around. A salesman pounced on me as soon as I walked in so I did the same thing of bending into the car then getting in and sliding the seat back and forwards. I was sure that he’d seen my pussy because his face was all red but I just ignored that and carried on looking around the car then left.


Back at the hotel it was the usual evening 30 minute workout followed by a room service meal with me being serviced by the room service guy (Matt) then him coming back when his shift finished.

*****

Friday was driving lesson day, much the same as other driving lesson days.

*****