Imagine for a moment that you left yourself open, door unlocked and propped permanently. My mind prepped by my love of music, provided that portal. I felt it just a bit the first time I heard his voice; deep, smooth, jovial...safe. I blinked it away, allowed the music to pour over me. Like cool water and hot candle wax at once, so fluid and welcome. Song after song with brief interventions of his voice, every track chosen carefully. I needed that sound more than I needed a heartbeat, I craved his words like a good rare steak. I traced my teeth with my tongue and thought carefully about his flesh. Wondered about his penchant for pain, could I get away with a good deep bite or would there be ramifications for my indulgence. I would take my chances I decided and waited with baited breath for his vibrations in my ear again.
The commercial break seemed endless but was in fact just long enough for me to shake loose. I lost focus on the radio for awhile and started doing the mundane things that I had planned for that day. I took out "the list"; my daily list of what has to be done, or more so what I can check off to feel productive. A familiar song started up and proved good background for the doing the dishes. I checked off the list, and surveyed the next task. I cracked the seal on a bottled water, very important to stay hydrated; its even on the list. The cool liquid was refreshing and shocking as it poured, and then he returned. I gasped losing control of the bottle and its desired track. The once invited crispness found its way to the front of my shirt ,down my neck, over my nipples and snaking to the top of my boxer shorts before I dropped the bottle to the floor.
"Fuck", I exclaimed. I grabbed a hand towel and got on my knees to begin mopping the mess. "Good girl", I heard him say; I thought I heard him say. Slither began to play on the radio and my hips responded. Redundantly I mopped the same dry spot. I felt hot, overheated, even as the still wet shirt clung to my pale skin. Inflamed, my flesh felt like it was on fire. I sat back onto my legs and peeled the shirt off, using the cold cloth to wipe my face. Beads of sweat had formed on my upper lip and had also trailed down below my ear and onto my neck.
The air around me seemed to spin, hot powerful atmosphere that circled me as I sat there dazed. My knees pressed into the floor, legs slightly spread, I felt vibrations move from my thighs all the way up to my shoulders. Closing my eyes, I tilted my head back, relaxing against the sensation that seemed to run its fingers thru my hair. The touch of his finger on my jaw tracing to my lips, across, circling then drawn into my mouth. "Mmmm, so hot .", the voice again. In my ear, in my head, in the room; I shook my head and scanned the room, touching my jaw. I followed his fingerprints across my lips and knew he'd been there.
I scrambled to my feet, searching for the remainder of the water bottle. My throat was dry, tight, with no ability to form words even if my brain had sent the signal. Swallowing hard, my throat was sore as the water attempted to put out the fire in my body. My soul felt spent, weak, like I needed a hot shower and a long nap. So I submitted, I let the hot stream pour over me. I expected to feel cleansed, more in control after the shower. In reality I knew it was instructions I had no choice but to follow. I couldn't hear the words, the commands; I only heard the music from the small radio in the kitchen and the occasional announcement of one event or another. Inconspicuous clues found their way from the confines of the radio to my subconscious.
Staggering I fell onto the bed, my mind felt heavy. The volume never changing but the voice found its way into my bedroom. Laying on my bed, I tried to focus. Get up and get dressed, or lay here, comfortable, in my towel and nap. "Im gonna fuck you soon"; no will to move, no desire to do anything but sink into that bed, that feeling and wait. The room spinning again, I drifted in a dream state until I felt his hands on my thighs. Even then I had no reason to fight, I knew what I needed. I wanted and needed him in ways that I had never felt before. He would be the quench the cold water couldn't bring. His hands placing my arms above my head, "don't move...these stay here, you can squirm as much as you'd like, but I'm claiming you now".
He used barely pressure to slide my legs apart and very quickly I felt his mouth on my cunt. Using his mouth to manipulate my tender flesh, my body bucked and jumped against him. The lower half of my body danced beneath him, but my arms were too heavy to move. Never a painful weight, just a comfortable placement. His tongue darted around my clit, it swelled filled with blood and presented him with the gift of a target. As he pounded against it with the just the tip of his tongue I felt the waves start to build and crash. Over and over, I climbed and fell over the top, only to find myself climbing again. As he pulled away from me, my body slowed. I tried to close my legs, the pressure between them so strong they shook uncontrollably.
"oh no baby...there's more". Tears welling up in my eyes, I wasnt sure how much more I could take. As I felt the head of his cock searing at my cunt, I took a deep breath and prepared myself as best I could. He entered me in one full thrust, as he did my legs found their way around him. Somehow my body begged him to take me deep, I only wanted to be his in every way. His thrusts were long and painful, and every inch of me craved all he wanted to give. I felt I had never been so hungry, so thirsty, so tired; no need had ever been more than this. Leaning back briefly he turned me onto my stomach. "put your ass high in the air for me, show me how bad you want this", and I obeyed with no hesitation. His cock slid in easily, I was soaked and full of fire. "oh my god girl...don't move...not an inch", I felt frozen. Not one of my muscles would work until he said different. " Now slowly, back into in me. That's a good girl, take it all nice and slow. Oh fuck...sooo fucking goood inside you". I moaned loudly at his acceptance, feeling beautiful.
Grabbing a handful of hair with one hand and spreading my ass cheeks with the other, the full weight of his cock pressed against every nerve inside me and I felt myself cumming again. My wetness growing, filling then spilling out onto his cock. My cunt sucked at him, thirsty. His growl in my ear, "Im ready to cum now, I need you on your knees". Without question I dropped and opened wide for him. My head tilted back, eyes full of worship and desire, I swallowed the head of his cock deep into the back of my throat. Feeling the pressure of his whole body as he fucked against my face, hard but lovingly he slid himself in and out of my mouth. My mind spun, he thrust between my full lips. The hot air slid up my back, gripping the back of my head, and he fucked my throat. The gush of him cumming startled me, the force against my tongue, no choice but to swallow every drop to breathe again. And then I found myself once again in the kitchen. His voice snapping me back as I dropped the water bottle to the floor. The cold water splashing against my fevered thighs. "yes ladies and gents, this is a hot one.", and the air is warm and heavy as his laugh finds its way deep into my ear.