Sleeping With Kelly Bundy
by Sexlib


DISCLAIMER

   This story is entirely fictional.  All of the characters in
this story are entirely fictional.  Any similarity to real
persons is entirely coincidental.

   This story deals with sexual conduct.  As a result, this story
may be unsuitable for some audiences.  Reader discretion is
advised.

   In this story, deception is employed to encourage characters
to engage in sexual relations with one another.  The author in no
way condones the use of deception or fraud to gain anything,
sexual or otherwise.

   The characters in this story are based on characters developed
by Michael G. Moye and Ron Leavitt for the Fox Broadcasting
Company and their hit sitcom, <i>MarriedWith Children</i>.  All
rights to these characters are owned by Sony Pictures Digital
Inc.  All rights reserved.

   For more information about the show, visit
MarriedWithChildren.com.


CATEGORY

   MF or mf, inc, bro, sis, cons, oral, piv, fan


SYNOPSIS

   Bud Bundy tries to trick his sister Kelly into giving him a
blow-job for his birthday.


CHARACTERS

   Main character: Buderick Franklin Bundy

   Mom: Peggy Bundy

   Dad: Al Bundy

   Sis: Kelly Bundy


STORY

   Its my birthday.  Normally, its depressing.  This year,
however, it was pretty cool.

   It started out like crap, of course.  Dad gave me all of his
money: a dollar.  Mom gave me a bag of nuts, which my father then
took from me and began eating.  My mom, she then took the dollar.

   I headed upstairs, and my sister saw me in the hallway.

   I hear its your birthday, Bud, she said.  What did you
want me to get you, maybe a new blow-up doll to keep your other
one pleasured?

   Id rather have a blow-<i>job</i>, I replied angrily.

   But wouldnt that be interest?

   You mean incest, Kelly.  I hadnt really meant from her,
but since she brought it up, I figured Id mess with her head
like I always do.  I went on to say, And no, it wouldnt be
incest unless you swallow.

   Well, I guess it couldnt hurt.  Besides, it doesnt cost
anything to get you, and itll only take five seconds before
youre done, she said snarkily.

   I ignored the insult.  I just couldnt believe she was
actually going to go through with it, with her own brother.  She
must be sluttier than I <i>thought</i>, I thought to myself.  We
headed to my bedroom, where she began unzipping my pants.  Then
she very suddenly tore my pants and underwear off.  My cock
sprang up to meet my sister.

   Wow, I was expecting it to be small.  This is one of the
larger cocks Ive seen.  She smiled as she knelt down and gave
me the best blow-job Id ever had.

   She really got into it.  About five minutes into the fun, I
could hold on no longer, and came in my sexy sisters hot mouth.
She got up, spat my cum into a piece of tissue, and wiped her
mouth dry.  Thanks, Bud, for the practice.  Maybe we can do this
again next year.

   Next year? I thought, I cant wait that long.

   She was leaving my room, I had to think fast.  Luckily, what
she said gave me an idea.  Wait, I said.  You call that a
blow-job?

   Why, what was wrong with it?

   It wasnt very good.

   What was wrong with it?  Tell me!

   Well, you just need practice.  I dont know how to tell you
what was wrong with it, but I can show you the next time you give
me head.

   You can?  Please, let me practice on you.  I dont want to
get a bad reputation.

   I chuckled.  Well, I dont know, Im pretty busy

   Please, Bud!  I need to have someone to practice on who I
trust.

   Well, okay, Kelly.  Ill do this, but I want you to know the
sacrifice Im making for you.

   Thank you so much, Bud!  You wont be disappointed.  I knew
she was right about that.

   Following this, we made plans.  Not a morning would go bye in
which I did not receive a oral from Kelly.  Beyond this, there
may be other points in the day that we could practice, assuming
either (A) that Kelly didnt have a date at that time or (B) that
I wasnt busy.  Interestingly, Kelly appeared following this
arrangement to have fewer dates than usual?  Was she foregoing
time with other men to be with her brother?  Or was my ego merely
distorting my perception of her dating habits?  I could not tell.
 In any event, although we had only one scheduled session per
day, I began to regularly receive two or even three blows a day.

   At first I was a bit worried that Mom or Dad might find out. 
But during the first week, Mom was busy with her Oprah marathon
while Dad was busy plotting some way to undo something Marcy did
next door.  But even following this, neither parent seemed to
take much--or really any--interest in what we were doing, and
thus never found out.

   I began my lessons trying to undo something I had already did.
 I wanted to see Kelly swallow my cum.

   But you said that was infest, Bud, she said to me.

   The word is incest, and I was only joking when I said that,
Kelly.  Its not incest unless we engage in intercourse.

   You mean if we have dinner with one another?

   No, Kelly, intercourse is when the dick enters the pussy.

   Ah, okay.  So I should go ahead and swallow then, like I do
with my other boyfriends?

   Yes, or you can let it spill out of your mouth and onto you
chin or tits.

   But wouldnt I get my clothes dirty?

   Youre right, Kelly.  You should probably take those off.

   I never saw a girl disrobe quicker.  She clearly had
getting-naked down to a science.  I also noticed she was wearing
no panties.

   Now, a guy finds it really sexy when the girl whos about to
blow him starts taking his clothes off of him without even
asking.

   They do? she asked.

   I rolled my eyes.  Then she got it.  Oh, she said, and
immediately went about the task of disrobing me.

   Following this, she always disrobed both of us with the same
alacrity as the first time.  Sometimes, she would walk into my
room already naked, if she knew neither parent was upstairs.  And
on many a morning, I would wake to find my lovely sister already
sucking my cock.  By far, this is the best way to awake.

   This went on for quite some time, until one day Kelly comes to
me to inform me that shes worried about her sexual performance
beyond mere blow-jobs.

   My date last night, well, things just didnt go as Idve
liked.

   So, what are you saying?

   I guess, Bud, what Im saying is: would you be willing to go
all the way with me?  You could then give me pointers like you do
when I give you head.

   Are you sure this is what you want, Kelly?

   Yes, absolutely! she said, a bit too excited.  Then, calming
herself, she added, I mean, if youre okay with that.

   Kelly, my dear, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful
friendship.

   From this point on, I never saw Kelly go out on a date with
any other guy.  She eventually started sleeping in my room every
night; neither mom nor dad ever bothered to take notice.  Dad was
happy that Kelly was no longer bringing scumbags home with her,
and took no real notice beyond that.  Eventually she and I moved
down to the basement, where we had even more seclusion from the
shoe salesman and his bride.

   I showed Kelly everything there was to know about pleasing a
man, and she proved to be a surprisingly quick learner in this
regard.  She, in turn, taught me everything there was to know
about pleasing a woman.  Not surprisingly, my confidence level
rose dramatically over the first year, and girls were constantly
hitting on me.  But, I ultimately turned most down.  After all,
why eat a burger when youve got steak at home?


  The above story is entirely fictional. Any
similarity to real persons is entirely coincidental. No rights
reserved. 