Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twenty-One: Futa Key! Unlocking the Naughty Door
Summary: The party reaches the armory and have to unlock the door with a naughty act of futa-passion!
Keywords: HHh hh hhh hsolo anal fantasy magic gamelit exhib voy inter

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Aria Dennell

Continue to watch over us as we move through the darkness, Taari, Mistress of Secrets and Goddess of the Night, I prayed as I moved through the darkness of the Forest of Golden Dreams to an old elven armory. We needed weapons.

Well, Lada and her futa-cheerleaders needed weapons. We were outmatched by the volleyball team and their bloodiron weapons. I hoped we did not encounter them in the woods. We had been ambushed by a dark elf assassin, a follower of the foul Goddess of the Knife and Mistress of Murder.

I was proud of Saffron for defeating the dark futa-elf and leaving her restrained, if dripping in cum. Hopefully, we could collect her on the way back and take her prisoner. She could be useful if we could get her to divulge the valuable information she knew.

I walked beside Brígida, the Hispanic futa-mage and one of my close friends. Lady Virginia had gathered a tight-knit group of girls around her before she had been chosen to save this world. Her twin sister Saffron, Brígida, Lada, and I had all become quite close attending St. Mary of the Veil, our private all-girls high school. 

Now we were in another world. A fantasy world.

Our guide through it was a futa-elf named Lady Kalirisia. She was a wonderful creature, busty and cute, her plump ass leading the way. Her violet hair spilled down her back. Long, pointed ears thrust out, twitching as we moved.

Ocean and Ejiro, two of the cheerleaders, had the rear. They were skilled fighters. Virginia gave us all powers. Saffron was the thief, I was the priestess, and Lada and her cheerleaders were the warriors. Once they had what they needed to protect Lady Virginia, we could move out to start her trials.

We just had to get those weapons.

“It's not much farther,” said Kali. She led us through the dark woods. The branches above rustled. The tall trees all had silvery bark and golden leaves shaped like maples. “I hope we don't come across more dark elves. They've been growing in strength, driving my people out of our ancestral woods.”

“That'll change,” Lada promised.

“Indeed,” I said. “Have faith in the Seven Harmonious Goddesses. They will aid us. Taari is watching over us.”

“Didn't stop that bitch from trying to knife us,” said Saffron.

“And yet we are not knifed,” I said with complete confidence.

“Ooh, that's a great attitude,” Saffron said. Not mocking but with enthusiasm. “The night didn't help her out, did it? I kicked her ass. Then I fucked her ass.”

“I would have loved to tag-team her with you,” said Lada.

“Well, there's always collecting her on the way back.” Saffron stretched her back, her bob of black hair swaying just above her shoulders. She was a petite thing like Brígida. And naked. We were all naked. We had been having an orgy, making new futas to help Lady Virginia, when our school grounds were taken to another world.

We had no time to dress in our school uniforms as Ella's forces marshaled against us. They were prepared for the swap. They had arranged it. Convergence. A ritual the teachers, also under Ella's power, had performed. It was all a mess.

The brush grew thicker. Holly bushes with red berries and sharp thorns. An impenetrable wall of them. I swallowed at the sight, but then Kali just slipped through them. I gasped as a path had been cunningly hidden to blend in with the bush. It wound through the patch and came out to a large building grown from an oak tree. Its trunk was massive, maybe a hundred feet wide, but it was squat, rising only three stories high. Branches thrust out, covered with waxy green leaves. Acorns littered the ground.

A door lay before it. 

“The armory?” I asked with excitement.

“D'oh,” Saffron said.

“The armory,” Kali said. “Now I must prove that I am worthy to enter.”

“How can you do that?” I asked, my futa-dick twitching before me.

“My making love to me,” a musical voice said. And then a figure emerged through the door. 

No, no, the figure was the door. Only half her body appeared, breasts and arms and shapely thighs. She stood there, futa-cock bobbing before her. She had the same pattern of grains as the wood she had flowed out of. No hair, her head smooth. Where her body met the door, she flowed seamlessly into it.

“If you are truly of the Light Elves, then share your seed with me and gain entrance,” purred the door. She turned around, keeping half her body in it. Her back appeared, her rump cute and shapely. She thrust out her ass, bending over. It emerged further from the door, her thighs spread apart. Her girl-cock bobbed while the folds of her pussy were gleaming with juices. “Prove your prowess, Lady Elf, and gain entry.”

“And if you don't?” Saffron asked.

“Then the tree will not let us enter,” said Kali. “It will be sealed for all eternity. But never fear. I am a light elf.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kalirisia

“Jeeba, Goddess of the Seed, let Lady Kalirisia's seed open the door and grant us passage into the armory,” prayed Aria.

The ebony-skinned priestess had her head bowed, her beaded braids colorful around her face. Her clit-dick thrust out dark before her, twitching and bobbing with excitement. I knew mine was swelling hard. 

“I haven't had the joy of fucking a wood elemental in a decade,” I purred.

“A decade?” Lada asked, the busty blonde stroking her girl-cock. “How old are you.”

“A hundred and three.” I stroked my own futa-dick, my pussy clenching. 

“Damn,” Lada said. “You don't look a day over seventy-five.”

“How sweet,” I said. My large breasts jiggled as I approached the shapely rump of the wood elemental, her cock thrusting like a shaft of polished wood from the folds of her pussy. “If you care to help me spill my seed faster, my pussy and asshole are at your disposal.”

“Hell, yeah,” Lada said. “Ejiro, go through the holly trail and keep watch.”

“Right, Captain,” the petite futa with the pale-olive skin and almond-shaped eyes said. She had gorgeous, black hair. Almost blue.

I pressed my futa-dick against the wood elemental's cunt. She was the door. The lock. She moaned, her hinges creaking, as I rubbed my cock up and down her folds. They were made of polished wood and yet felt like flesh. Soft and silky. Her juices coated me. I breathed in the pulpy scent of her passion.

She smelled like a rowan tree.

“It has been long since a Light Elf needed entry,” the wood elemental moaned. “I am ready. Fuck me, elf. Fuck me and spill your seed in me.”

“Gladly, Lady Elemental,” I purred and thrust.

My cock slammed into her wooden sheath. Her smooth, slick hole swallowed me. My futa-dick throbbed, drinking in the friction. The pleasure shot down my shaft to my cunt. My pussy clenched and big boobs heaved. I gripped her hips, feeling the grains of her flesh. My ears twitched.

The door groaned as I drew back, her pussy clenching about me. I shuddered, my heart pounding fast. I rammed back into her juicy sheath, reveling in how incredible her pussy felt squeezing about my cock. My toes curled, and my ears twitched.

“Oh, yes, yes, that's incredible,” I groaned, driving my futa-dick to the hilt in her pussy. 

Lada came up behind me. As I drew back my hips, she placed her futa-dick between my butt-cheeks. I groaned as her tip nuzzled against my sphincter. I buried back into the wood elemental's cunt. Lada chased me, her futa-dick nuzzling into my back door.

This time when I drew back, my asshole had to swallow Lada's cock. I groaned at that, feeling the precum leaking out of her slit lubing the way for me. I groaned, my anal ring stretching and stretching. I shuddered, my asshole savoring the delight of swallowing her girl-cock.

“Fuck, yes!” she moaned as my bowels devoured her girl-cock.

“Gnila's big dick,” I groaned, my ears twitching.

She slammed forward, plunging her futa-dick to the hilt in my bowels. I gasped at that. My flesh squeezed about her. I loved how she plowed into me and drove me to the hilt in the wood elemental's cunt. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in the door's twat.

“Lady Elf!” groaned the door, her pussy squeezing about my futa-dick. “That's so wonderful.”

Lada drew back her hips, my bowels drinking in the velvety friction. I shuddered as she slammed back into me. She buried to the hilt in my asshole while I plunged into the wood elemental's cunt. The two delights swirled in my juicy cunt.

The futa-cheerleader fucked my asshole hard and fast. She buried her clit-dick to the hilt in me. I groaned, savoring the way her girl-cock churned up my bowels. The heat melted to my cunt, meeting the delight flowing down my futa-cock.

“Eenoy's sweet cunt,” I moaned, pumping my futa-dick in and out of the wood elemental's cunt. I gripped her hips, my big boobs heaving.

“Ooh, that's so hot, Kali,” moaned Lada, her arms hugging me. Her large tits rubbed into my back as she drilled at my bowels. “Damn, you got a tight ass. I love it.”

“Good,” I moaned, matching her rhythm, climbing and climbing towards my orgasm as I fucked the wood elemental's tight cunt. My bowels melted around Lada's thrusting dick. “That's so good. Yes, yes, make me cum, Lada!”

“Oh, I'll make you explode, you cute elf!” Lada purred, driving her futa-cock hard into my bowels.

“She's good at making me explode,” Brígida said.

“I bet she is,” Saffron said. “Mmm, you got that big, hard, Latina cock. I bet you want it sucked on.”

“I wouldn't say no,” Brígida purred.

Out of the corner of my eye, Saffron fell to her knees and suckled on Brígida's girl-cock. The black-haired and fair-skinned Saffron bobbed her head, working her pink lips up and down Brígida's golden-brown cock. They both had small tits, both petite and cute. Brígida pushed up those strange, metal and glass contraptions on her nose.

I loved the sounds Brígida made as I fucked the wood elemental's tight cunt. Her pussy felt amazing around my dick. I could feel her grains, silky smooth but with just the right amount of texture to make her cunt very exciting.

My bowels clenched down on Lada's thrusting cock. She buried into me again and again. I loved it. This was an incredible delight. She fucked me with everything that she had. I savored it. I groaned, my bowels clenching down on those hard thrusts, the friction melting heat to my cunt.

Such delight swirled through my pussy, heating my orgasm. I groaned, building towards that explosive moment. I groaned, my head throwing back. Lada's big, soft boobs rubbed into my back. She squeezed my large tits.

“Come on, you sexy elf,” she purred and then licked my long, pointed ear.

I gasped in delight, the pleasure surging down to my hot cunt. Pussy cream ran down thighs. A molten trickle that made me shiver.

“Let me feel that asshole convulsing around my dick.” Lada purred. Her fingers worked up to my tits. She found my nubs. Twisted them. I gasped at what she did to me. She tweaked them. I groaned, my bowels clenching down around her futa-cock. “I want you milking the cum out of my ovaries.”

“Yes, yes, yes, Lada!” I moaned, my asshole clamping down hard. The friction swelled as she slammed into me, driving my girl-cock into the depths of the wood elemental's cunt.

“Cum in me, Lady Elf,” moaned the door, her twat massaging me.

I drew back, chasing Lada's girl-cock sliding out of my bowels. It was incredible. The dual delights danced through my cunt. Lada plunged back into me, burying me into that wonderful pussy. I gasped, bucked, and erupted.

My bowels convulsed around Lada's cock as my futa-cum spurted into the wood elemental's pussy.
 
“You are a light elf!” squealed the door and her cunt convulsed around my dick.

I gasped as the wooden pussy milked my cock. Hot and silky flesh massaged me. It was an incredible delight. I shuddered through it. I loved every second of it. Every last moment of her flesh nursing at me.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped. “Oh, my Goddesses, that's so good.”

“Oh, fuck,” Lada moaned, driving her futa-dick into my spasming asshole. “That's it, you sexy elf! Fuck, yes!”

Her hot cum pumped into my bowels. I loved the feel of her jizz spurting into me while my cum fired out into the elf's cunt. I fired blast after blast of jizz into her. It was incredible. I trembled, my heart racing. A quiver of delight ran through me. 

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, my face contorting with this delight. “Oh, my Goddesses. Oh, that's so wonderful. You're filling me with all your seed. Jeeba's salty cum!”

The door quivered as her pussy wrung my futa-dick dry. I fired the last of my cum into her bowels. My cunt convulsed, juices running down my thighs. I hit the peak of my pleasure, my ears twitching. Lada groaned, emptying all her jizz into my asshole.

“You are a light elf!” moaned the wood elemental. “Oh, yes, yes, Lady Elf, you may enter.”

The wood elemental melted back into the door, sliding off my futa-cock. I shuddered as it opened before me, creaking inward to reveal a corridor formed out of the wood of the tree. The grains were laid out, a pattern of rings that ran along the floor, ceiling, and walls.

“Damn,” Lada said.

“Oh, yes, damn!” moaned Brígida. “Mierda, that's my G-spot, chica. Yes, yes, just stimulate that G-spot!”

I glanced at Brígida. She trembled, Saffron sucking hard on her girl-cock. The brown-skinned futa whimpered, her dainty face twisting in delight. Saffron had several fingers buried in Brígida's twat. The noisy suckles grew louder and louder, Saffron bobbing her head.

“What is a G-spot, Lady Lada?” I asked, my bowels clenching down on her futa-dick buried in my cum-filled asshole.

“It's this wonderful spot in the pussy that when stimulated, it makes you cum hard,” Lada answered. “It's fantastic. Better than having a clit stimulated.”

“Clit?” I shook my head. “That sounds like Eenoy's Blessing, a place in the pussy that can bring a futa to her orgasm swiftly.”

“Yeah, that sounds like the G-spot,” Lada purred and slid out of my asshole.

“¡Mierda!” squealed Brígida, her head throwing back. “Drink my cum, chica!”

Pussy cream gushed out of Brígida's twat and spilled down Saffron's arm. The spicy scent of Brígida's pussy filled my nose. It was a wonderful scent. I savored it while Saffron gulped down the futa-cum spurting into her mouth.

“Ocean, keep an eye on them,” Lada said and smacked my rump. “Shall we find some weapons?”

I nodded.

Saffron ripped her mouth off Brígida's girl-dick, taking two splashes of cum across her features. The petite rogue bounded to her feet, her own futa-cock tucked between her thighs and thrust up into her pussy.

I didn't know how Saffron could do that and not be in discomfort. My futa-dick couldn't bend like that when erect. It would hurt too much.

“I'm coming, too,” Saffron said. “Might need me to unlock any doors.”

“Only a light elf can unlock my doors with her futa-dick,” the wood elemental said. She peeked out through the door again, her big boobs jiggling. “But you're free to try fucking me. Or you could let me fuck you.”

“So tempting,” said Saffron as she sauntered up. She stroked the wood elemental's dick. “Maybe once we have the weapons, we might have time.”

“We don't,” Lada said. “You wasted too much time fucking the assassin.”

“Subduing the assassin.”

Lada snorted. “That's what you call pounding her in the ass?”

“How would you subdue a sexy dickgirl-assassin?” asked Saffron as she sauntered into the tree.

“Fair point,” Lada said. “Let's go find the weapons.”

I nodded and headed inside.

The first floor had a single hallway that spiraled to the center of the tree and a ladder that climbed up the heart of the tree. Lada and Saffron both looked so confused by that. They glanced up the hole then at me.

“That's all that's on the first floor?” asked Saffron. “No rooms? No secret passages. Just a tunnel that's so impractical.”

“Trees like circles and spirals,” I said, stroking the wall. “It makes her happy. So the wood elemental built it his way.”

The wall bulged outward and the wood elemental's big breast filled my hand. Her face appeared, her grain matching the tree's. “That's right. She's an oak. They're stubborn trees. Strong. Good hardwood. But you have to keep her happy.”

“Spiral hallways keep a tree happy?” asked Saffron as she started climbing the ladder.

“And regular injections of futa-cum,” said the wood elemental. “She really can suck a dick.”

“Tree sucking a cock,” muttered Saffron, shaking her head. “That's the most bizarre thing I have ever heard in my life.”

“But you like sucking cocks,” I said, climbing up the ladder after her. The soft, ambient light shed by the wood around us let me clearly see Saffron's girl-dick shoved into her cunt. “So why wouldn't a tree like it, too.”

“Huh?” Saffron shook her head. “Are there futa-dwarves in this world?”

My nose wrinkled in disgust. “If they can bother to come out of their grubby holes.”

“Do they fuck rocks?” Saffron reached the top and stared down at me, her green eyes bright.

“I have no idea what sordid behavior futa-dwarves get up to,” I said. “And if you were wise, you would not care, either.”

“No one said I was wise,” Saffron said.

Lada chortled beneath me. 

I reached the top. It was a circular room that had a wall around it. A single door led from it. The wood elemental appeared in that door, her girl-cock thrusting out before her as if in invitation. Saffron walked over and stroked it. The wood elemental moaned before she opened onto the armory itself.

A collection of weapons spread out before us. There were racks of the bronzewood spears and swords. Others held various suits of armor that would fit busty elves to petite ones. Skirts made of bands of bronzewood dangled from each cuirass. Lada moaned in delight as she stared at it. 

“This is what my girls need,” she purred, her big boobs jiggling as she went to a piece of armor designed for someone of her girth. She stroked the breastplate. Though it had the gleam of bronze, it was clearly made of wood, the grain obvious. “This is amazing stuff. It really had to soak in the sun forever?”

“Ivara's blessing has soaked into them all,” I said.

“Nice,” Saffron said, finding the daggers. She picked one up and spun it about with practiced ease. She went to throw it at the wall.

“Stop!” I hissed. “You'll hurt the tree.”

She blushed and looked sheepish. “Sorry. I wouldn't want that. My bad.” She licked her lips, gathering a bit of cum at the corner from Brígida. “This is seriously awesome.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

I buzzed from that wonderful orgasm that Saffron had given me. I glanced over at Aria. Her ebony cock thrust out hard before her. Naughty ideas shot through my mind. I licked my lips. I opened my mouth to suggest one of my wicked thoughts when Ejiro gasped in pain.

I whirled my head around. Aria's beaded braids clacked. Ocean snapped to attention, her black hair, gathered in a ponytail, whipping behind her. She stared at the holly path. Staggering out of it came Ejiro, a crossbow bolt embedded in her shoulder. Red spilled down her small breasts. Her almond-shaped eyes twitched with pain.

“Shit!” shouted Ocean as she peered through the path. 

“Open fire!” Akane shouted. “Kill those bitches!”

Crossbow bolts burst through the holly, fired blind. They whizzed through the air and thudded into the tree. I gasped at that, my mind racing. They were all here, weren't they. The entire volleyball team. I had to do something.

Aria grabbed Ejiro and pulled the girl to the ground. Without any thought, Aria ripped the crossbow bolt from the girl's shoulder and threw it to the side. The blood point spilled over the grass, smearing it in the girl's life. Blood spilled out, running over Ejiro's skin.

“Rush!” Akane shouted.

“Fuck!” I cried. “Ocean, I need you.”

“I have to guard the entrance,” Ocean shouted. “Captain! Captain!”

“No, I need your cum to power a spell,” I cried. “I can't make it big enough without you.”

Ocean threw me a look and then she darted to me, her futa-cock bobbing and round breasts jiggling. I grabbed her dick and then pulled her around behind me. She understood. She slid her cock up between my thighs and thrust to the hilt in me.

“This is going to be intense,” I said and activated one of my powers as a futa-mage: to draw sexual energy from another. “Try not to pass out!”

Ocean gasped as her cock erupted. Her futa-cum pumped into me. I triggered an endless orgasm in her as I concentrated on my magic, focusing on what I wanted. I pictured the fire surrounding us. I would keep the entrance to the armory in its circumference. The heat would be too intense.

Akane burst out of the holly, her bloodiron sword in hand. She stared at me with such ferocity. She leveled her sword at me. “Kill them!”

“Gaa Eeahir!” I cried.

Flames burst across the ground just as I imagined them. The spell, Erupt Flames, could only make a large fire. Without another futa-mage or that cum firing into my pussy, I couldn't make one big enough nor sustain it long enough for it to matter. 

Fire needed fuel. There wasn't enough to support the wall of flames I conjured without magic.

“Oh, my fucking god,” Ocean gasped, her futa-dick erupting over and over again. She hugged me, her hands grabbing my small titties. She squeezed them. Teased them. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure pumping into me over and over again. “Shit!”

Her futa-cum overran my thighs. The cum spilled down my legs. My futa-dick twitched as I savored the jizz pumped into my cervix. I sent out that power to maintain the barrier. Ocean moaned, hugging me tight, her round tits rubbing into my back.

“Natsi, Goddess of the Breasts, Mistress of Healing, I beseech thee!” Aria prayed, her voice song-like. I could just make out the silver aura around her. “From the breast comes the milk of life, the first meal of a baby. Whole and unblemished, let Ejiro's flesh remember that state and be mended!”

The same miracle she had cast to heal me when I'd cut myself. 

Aria had to cast it more than once, though, to heal the shoulder wound, but bit by bit, the damage healed. Ejiro snapped to her feet, staring at the wall. Then she darted inside the armory, her futa-dick bobbing before her. 

“Throw dirt on that fire,” Akane roared. “Those cunts are just on the other side. We have them. We just need to put out the fire.”

“Oh, god,” Ocean moaned. “What are you doing to me, Brígida? I keep cumming! Fuck, fuck, fuck! I can't take this.”

More cum spilled down my thighs. She swayed, gripping me with her hands. I could feel her on the verge of falling over. She was unable to cope with the power that I was drawing from her. She was cumming so hard, giving me her energy.

“You have to stay conscience, Ocean,” I cried. “That fire has to stay up until we figure our way out of here. Just focus.”

“I'm trying,” she moaned, her fingers pinching my nipples as more of her futa-cum pumped out of her cunt and splashed my cervix. “I'm trying so hard.”

“Let me,” moaned Aria. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

I moved up behind the swaying Ocean. She needed more energy. I grabbed my cock and thrust it into her asshole. I slid into her bowels, feeling her velvety flesh spasming around my futa-dick. Bliss shot to my pregnant pussy. I shuddered, my beaded braids clattering.

“Jeeba, Goddess of the Seed and Mistress of Orgasms, give Ocean the strength to keep climaxing,” I prayed, my futa-dick throbbing in Ocean's spasming bowels. “The seed is meant to be fired. The birth of rapture and pleasure is found in cumming. Let her sustain her bliss. Let her ecstasy never end!”

I erupted.

My futa-dick exploded into her bowels as the blessing of Jeeba burst in my ovaries. I groaned, pumping my cum into the White futa's bowels. I spurted blast after blast of bliss, my pussy convulsing. Juices spilled down my thighs.

“Oh, Goddess, yes,” moaned Ocean. She straightened, her back brushing my nipples. “Oh, Brígida, I can handle it. Aria's flooding me with so much cum.”

“Good,” Brígida moaned, the fire burning around us. It crackled, holding back Akane and her volleyball team. “That's it. Just keep that jizz pumping into me.”

I swayed, hugging Ocean, my nipples rubbing into her back. Her bowels suckled at my futa-dick. The dual delights rushed through me. It was intense. Incredible. Stars flashed before my eyes. I groaned, swaying from the dizzying bliss.

“Gnila!” I gasped to the Harmonious Goddess who had given me a cock. “Yes, yes, yes!”

Rapture rushed out of my cunt and ecstasy jetted from my clit-dick. I shuddered, pumping all my spunk into her bowels. She milked me, her writhing, velvety flesh working out the last of my blessed seed from my ovaries.

I swayed, hugging her, savoring the massage of her bowels around my futa-dick. She gave me all the bliss that I needed. I shuddered. My pleasure had swallowed my worry, but it was coming back fast. How were we getting out of this? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“They're all out there,” Ejiro reported, blood on her chest.

“Suit up,” I told her, pointing towards a piece of armor that would fit her. “Find a sword and a spear. Then grab gear for Ocean.”

“How long can Brígida keep up her fire?” Saffron asked. She had a bandoleer draped across her chest, the band falling between her small breasts. She shoved throwing daggers through the loops. 

“As long as Ocean can keep cumming, I guess,” Ejiro said.

“We have to fight our way out,” I said. “And carry enough gear for all my girls.”

“It would be cool if we had an inventory system like we were in a video game,” Saffron said. “Just hold a bunch of extra junk.”

“Kali, see if Brígida or Aria have any ideas on how to carry extra equipment,” I said, fastening a sword belt over my armor. The pleated skirts of bronzewood fell around my thighs, my futa-cock tucked up beneath the armor.

The elf nodded and darted for the stairs. 

I headed over to Ejiro to help her buckle up her new bronzewood cuirass. A breast and backplate of the special material that would give her defense. Saffron had found a pack and was stuffing rope into it. It was thin stuff, made of a silvery material. She found some other restraints. Some ring gags and wooden dildos and butt plugs.

“Not what I thought there would be in an armory,” I said, trying not to panic. We had time to plan. To think. We couldn't fuck this up. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

Futa-cum poured down my thighs. Ocean's jizz kept me pumping power into the fire burning around us. I could hear the volleyball team out there trying to smother the flames with dirt. They didn't have the teachers with them. No witches to counter my magery.

Kali burst out of the tree, her big tits heaving before her. She had her bow out and on the ready. She stared at the flames, horror on her face. Right. Elves probably didn't like big fires in forests, but it was what we had to work with.

“Lada needs to know if there is a way to carry all the gear for the other futa-cheerleaders,” the elf said. “Do you have a spell, Lady Brígida?”

I ran through the spells. They were simple. You took one elemental word and combined it with one action word. Light, Dark, Water, Fire, Air, Earth, and Lightning mixed with Hold, Release, Imbue, Deceive, Unleash, and Manipulate. This spell protecting us was Erupt Flames, made of Fire, Gaa, and Release, Eeahir.

“No,” I said. “I mean, I could Levitate them.” That used Air and Manipulate. “But I'd need someone's cock pumping jizz into me the entire way.”

“And even with Aria's blessing, it's draining,” Ocean moaned. “I don't know how much longer I can keep this up.”

“Shame we don't have a Bag of Holding,” I said, more and more futa-cum pumping into my snatch. It ran hot down my thighs.

“What is a Bag of Holding?” asked Aria. She glanced at Kali.

The elf shook her head in confusion.

“Extradimensional space,” I said. “It lets you put larger objects into a sack or a backpack.”

“Like in Harry Potter,” moaned Ocean, her fingers pinching my nipples. “Mmm, Hermione cast the Extendable Charm to make her purse hold all of the trio's stuff in The Deathly Hallows!” 

“Yeah, like that,” I muttered. 

“Rowling's such a genius to come up with that,” Ocean said.

I shook my head. That stuff predated Harry Potter by decades. So many people my age knew fantasy only from Harry Potter. They had no appreciation for the depths of the genre or the awesome pen and paper RPGs that were out there. 

“Perhaps I can help,” said Aria, thinking. “If I pray to Ivara, Goddess of the Sun and Mistress of Knowledge, and to Taari, Goddess of the Night and Mistress of Secrets, I can work out some sort of means of making a Bag of Holding.”

“Good,” I groaned, my cervix aching from all the cum that had fired into me. “Go up to the armory and help them out. Ocean, you still good.”

“You fucking believe I'm still good!” she moaned. “I keep cumming. Yes, yes, this is the best rush in my life. Ooh, your pussy is awesome Brígida. Just amazing.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

My braids clattered and clacked as I rushed into the armory. My futa-dick bobbed before me and my boobs jiggled. The sound of my beads smacking together gave me comfort. It was so easy to fall into fear, but that wouldn't help us.

I just had to keep faith in the Seven Harmonious Goddesses.

Ivara, Goddess of the Sun and Mistress of Knowledge, is my plan at all feasible? Can you and your Sister-Goddess work together to make this Bag of Holding that Brígida talked about?

The Goddess didn't speak to me in words. It was more like feeling sunlight bathing my face. The first rays of dawn spilling over me. I shuddered at how wonderful that feeling was. My face contorted with such delight as her knowledge poured into me.

It was possible. 

I burst up into the second floor and found Lada, Saffron, and Ejiro forming a pile of gear. They all were wearing stuff, Lada and Ejiro in armor that fit their bodies perfectly. They looked like sexy warriors, especially the busty cheer captain. The White girl with her blonde tresses looked hot.

Saffron wore a bandoleer with knives and a belt with a pouch. I gasped in delight at seeing that there was a pouch. I looked around and found another one. I darted to it and grabbed it in my hands, my breasts jiggling and futa-cock swaying.

“What's the situation?” Lada asked, sounding serious. “I trust that Brígida has found a way to hold back the enemy.”

“Yes,” I answered. “And as per Kali's request, I'm going to make a pouch hold as much as we need.” I held it in my hands, the knowledge of the spell brimming in me. 

“So, like Harry Potter,” said Saffron. “Didn't Emma Watson's character do that to her purse?”

“Mmm, she's hot,” Ejiro said. “I would love to bend Emma Watson over and fuck her with my futa-dick. Just pound her hard from behind.”

Lada grinned at me. “That would be hot. What do you need?”

“To cum,” I purred and shoved my futa-dick into the pouch. I squeezed the leather around my cock and stroked it up and down. “Ivara, Goddess of the Sun and Mistress of Knowledge, I beseech you to work with your Sister-Goddess. Unite with Taari, Goddess of the Night and Mistress of Secrets to create a place to hide what we need. Oh Radiant Ivara, share with Taari your knowledge so that she can imbue this pouch with the space to conceal our equipment.”

Sunlight and starlight glowed from me. I shuddered, my futa-dick throbbing as I pumped the pouch up and down it. I shuddered at how different that felt. I masturbated my futa-cock for the first time, savoring the way the material caressed my spongy crown.

Pleasure shot down to my cunt. My pussy drank it in, the heat rising to my ovaries. I shuddered, my boobs jiggling and swaying. My beaded braids clattered together. I squeezed my eyes shut, my cunt dripping with such excitement. My bush drank in the cream, but a bead escaped me.

“Let's make this go quicker,” Saffron moaned and ripped her girl-cock out of her own pussy. Then she darted up behind me and nuzzled her shaft into my butt-crack.

I shuddered as the White futa brought the tip of her ivory shaft to my aching asshole. My dark butt-cheeks clenched around her dick. She grabbed my round boobs with her pale fingers and thrust against my sphincter. I groaned as her dick, lubed by her cunt, widened my anal ring.

“Oh, my god,” she moaned as she popped into my bowels. “That's so hot.”

“Yes, yes,” I groaned, my body shuddering as her thick futa-cock spread open my asshole. She sank deeper and deeper into my flesh. “That's wonderful. That's just amazing. Oh, my god, that's what I need. Yes, yes, just ream me out.”

She squeezed my tits while Lada and Ejiro ducked down. They both suckled on my nipples. I groaned as their lips sealed about my nubs. Pleasure shot down to my cunt and then up to the tip of my dick. I stroked myself faster, working the leather pouch up and down my dick.

My face contorted with delight as I enjoyed the sucking at my nipples and Saffron's girl-cock bottoming out in my bowels. She moaned and drew back, my flesh clinging to her. I groaned, savoring the heat of her thick shaft.

“Fuck, yes,” she gasped and slammed back into me. She buried to the hilt in my bowels. She filled me up with her big, thick dick. “Aria!”

“Oh, Saffron,” I moaned. “Oh, yes, yes. Gnila, thank you for the gift of futa-dicks!”

“Amen,” Saffron purred as she pumped away at me.

I matched her stroke, pumping the leather pouch up and down my shaft. My tip nuzzled into the bottom on every downstroke. I shuddered, the ache building and building at the tip. My spongy crown throbbed.

The mouths sucking at my nipples had me swaying. It was incredible to have them nursing at me. They suckled with such passion on me. My head swayed from side to side. I groaned as she pumped away at me. She fucked me with such passion.

She buried her girl-dick to the hilt in my bowels, the bliss shooting up to the tip of my girl-cock. I fucked the leather pouch up and down my shaft, trembling. I loved being fucked by Saffron. I savored every wonderful moment of her burying into me. She plunged deep and hard into my asshole. It was amazing. I shuddered, my face contorting with the bliss of this moment.

“Yes, yes, yes!” she moaned as she drilled me.

“Mmm, that's so good,” I groaned, my asshole clenching down on her girl-cock.

Lada nibbled on my right nipple while Ejiro suckled on my left. Then her tongue danced around my nub. I whimpered at the delight shooting down to my hot cunt. My ovaries drank it all in. I built and built towards that moment of eruption.

Saffron hammered me. The velvety friction burned hotter and hotter in my asshole. I whimpered. She moaned, her small breasts rubbing into my back. She kneaded my tits, adding more delight to the warm mouths nursing on my nipples.

“You three,” I moaned, loving what the two White girls and the Japanese cutie did to me.

“Just cum!” Saffron moaned, drilling into my bowels. “Cum and let the blessings of Ivara and Taari flood that pouch.”

“They will,” I moaned, the Goddesses' passion brimming in my ovaries. The light shining from me glowed brighter. I was so close. Saffron buried into me. The two mouths both suckled hard at my nipples. 

I climaxed.

I fired my blessed cum into the pouch while my asshole spasmed around Saffron's girl-dick. She groaned, driving her clit-dick to the hilt in my convulsing bowels. Her fingers squeezed my tits. My nipples throbbed in Lada's and Ejiro's sucking mouths.

I felt the space in the pouch ballooning. The more cum I pumped into there, the more it could hold. It didn't grow bigger in my hand. I still squeezed it about my dick and yet it felt so vast inside, my cum firing far before hitting the expanding walls.

“Oh, yes, yes, Ivara and Taari!” I howled, my pleasure slamming into my mind. My pussy convulsed, adding waves of delight that rushed in the wake of the ecstasy firing from my dick. “Thank you so much!”

“Thank you,” Saffron moaned and her clit-dick erupted.

Hot jizz pumped into my bowels as I fired more and more and more futa-cum into the pouch. I swayed, stars bursting across my vision. I whimpered, loving the hungry mouths suckling at my nipples while my spasming asshole milked Saffron's girl-cock.

I shuddered, savoring every moment of her flooding my asshole. She squeezed my breasts, her small titties rubbing into my back. She basted my asshole with all her spunk. It was incredible to enjoy. I trembled through my bliss, panting.

I was so dizzy from the pleasure. I swayed there, my eyes fluttering. It was an incredible delight to enjoy. A big smile spread on my lips. A huge grin. I was so glad to enjoy this wondrous delight. My boobs rose and fell as I fired the last of my cum into the cavernous insides of the small pouch.

“Oh, it's ready,” I moaned, my bowels wringing out the last of Saffron's girl-cum.

“Good,” Saffron moaned and pulled her futa-dick out of my bowels. “I'm going to scout the area.”

“How?” I asked, her cum leaking out of my asshole and trickling down to my taint. “There's a ring of fire around the tree.”

She glanced at the window in the main room. “By going up!” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

As Lada, Ejiro, and Aria started stuffing the magical sack with armor, shoving entire breastplates into the little belt pouch, I padded out of the armory and two a window. I was fairly certain this hadn't been here a minute ago. 

“That your doing, cutie?” I asked, stroking the wall. “Did you make me a window to go scouting?”

“Of course not,” the wood elemental purred, her futa-dick thrusting out into my hand. “I only do things for the light elf. You just never noticed it was here.”

“Right,” I said, smiling as her beautiful face appeared out of the grain of the wood, her big boobs heaving. “God, I would love to fuck you, but looks like things have gotten out of control.”

“I was going to fuck you,” she purred. “Pity. Nothing like getting hammered by a wood elemental's thick cock. My sap is addictive.”

“I bet it is.” I gave her futa-dick one last stroke. “Thanks for the help. If I can, I'll be back to sample that futa-sap of yours.” 

I leaned in and kissed her, feeling the softness of her wooden lips. Her tongue slipped out, her clit-dick throbbing in my hand. It was such an exciting kiss. My pussy clenched, my girl-dick throbbing before me. I had to do something about that.

I broke the kiss and then tucked my own dirty cock back up into my pussy. I shuddered as I slid her home, polishing my own pole with my juicy flesh. A naughty shiver ran through me as I stepped into the window sill and found a broad branch thrusting out. 

Fire burned below, a ring of it. Brígida was getting fucked from behind by Ocean while Kali paced back and forth before the wall of fire. I couldn't see much over it but could hear hissing and rustling. Shouts echoed.

“Get that fucking fire out, or I'll cut a hole in your guts and fuck you to death!” Akane hissed.

“Jesus,” I muttered. “That bloodiron fucked her up.”

Akane used to be such a great girl, too. Leader of the volleyball team. They had kicked ass all year. They were going to win the conference, but now they were reduced to bloodthirsty cows. Some of them laughed like they wanted to see it.

I scrambled up the tree with ease. Broad branches made it a snap. Another twenty feet up, and I could see over the wall of fire at the volleyball girls. They wore armor made of some sort of shadowy leather. It was hard to focus on the material, the oily gleam of it hurting my eyes. 

Besides Akane, I spotted the other ten members: Fatou Opeyemi, Guiying Guan, Koharu Watanabe, Bryanna Mayes, Mary Jo Winslow, Celandine Harmon, Chelsea Frank, Susanna Tindall, and Lyda Hershey. They were all working hard, digging up dirt with their bare hands and throwing it on the fire. They were between the wall of holly and the flames. Not much room at all.

There was no one else with them. No witches. No dark elf cunt that I had to stab fuck in the pussy and train her into my bitch. I certainly didn't spot that succubus cunt. Ooh, she would pay for what she had done to me.

“We should send for one of the teachers,” Fatou said, her accent French. She was an African African, her skin a dark ebony. 

Akane, her doll-like face twisting in fury. “And grovel before Mrs. Webb and beg for her help. We might as well ask Mayra and her priestesses for help. You know how they already look down on us. They blame us that the Dark One got away. We will not fail. We cannot fail. Our Goddess Ella is counting on us to save the world. So put that fire out so we can gut those cunts in there and drag them back by their entrails.”

“Wow, they're not pleasant.”

I worked my way down the tree, my futa-cock shifting in my cunt. I dropped down to land by Brígida and Ocean. They glanced at me. Ocean shuddered, her face twisting in passion. A puddle of white cum spread on the ground around their feet, a river of jizz pouring down Brígida's thighs.

“Damn,” I said. 

Lada appeared, followed by Aria and Ejiro a moment later. The latter was carrying a suit of armor and a sword for Ocean, I presumed. The girl was busy, though. She was giving Brígida the power to keep the wall up.

“What's the situation?” Lada asked.

“Just eleven pissed-off volleyball players wanting to gut us and drag us around by our entrails,” I said. “So standard fantasy shit. We're outnumbered.”

Lada grinned. “But we have a futa-mage. Brígida, when Ocean pulls out of you, how long will the wall of fire last?”

“Ten seconds,” Brígida answered.

“Okay, Aria, get ready to take over while Ocean gets dressed,” Lada said. “Once she's geared up, Aria will stop giving you cum, the wall of fire collapses in ten seconds, and we attack. You better have something amazing up your sleeves, Brígida.”

“Oh, I will,” the Hispanic futa said.

“Kali, you cover with the bow,” Lada continued. “Ocean and Ejiro, you stand on either side of me upfront. Saffron, you're going to be our wild card. You see openings, you take them.”

“Sure thing,” I said.

Ocean ripped her futa-dick out of Brígida's pussy. Even more futa-cum spilled out. I had no idea how many times Ocean had jizzed, but the futa-cheerleader must be dehydrated as fuck. She didn't look it, though.

Aria rammed her ebony cock into the Hispanic futa's cunt. The priestess gasped, her back arching and beaded braids clattering together. Ocean grabbed her gear and started donning it like she knew what it was all for.

I drew my daggers and crouched to the side, ready to hit the volleyball team from the flanks. My heart hammered in my chest, nervous shakes running through my body as we prepared to go all out for the first time ever.

Ocean suited up in her bronzewood armor, her sword in hand, she moved up to stand on Lada's left. Ejiro was on the right. The elf raised her bow, knocked an arrow, but didn't draw back yet. Aria ripped her futa-dick out of Brígida's cunt.

“Ten seconds,” the futa-mage said, the fires crackling around us.

To be continued...
