Title: Pure Heart Pt. 05



Summary: As his girlfriend opens up, Alex and sister enjoy their love. 



Keywords: inc,fic



Chapter 23

Music and many voices drifted around us, nearly as thick as the lazy cloud of cigarette smoke hovering in the bar. Tanya and I were out on the town, our first date since she'd come back from visiting her family when her grandfather passed away. She looked over at me and grinned, taking another sip of her drink. I grinned back, loving how beautiful she was when she smiled, and so glad to see her feeling more like herself again.

It was still a challenge not to daydream about my sister while with her - it was weird navigating through the affection I felt for both girls and sometimes got really crisscrossed. However tonight was a good night and as I listened to Tanya tell me funny stories about her family I was really enjoying being with her and very present with her. She looked fabulous tonight - her black hair falling across her shoulders, light touch of blue eye shadow, her lips glistening in a subtle shade of rose. She looked great. She looked like herself again. Inside I was still wondering what she could see in me but could tell she really liked something about me.

I was just telling her an embarrassing story from when I was a kid when a small crowd of rowdy college-age students started making their way from the pool table over to the bar. Most of them were drunk and loud-mouthed - one guy in particular who was mocking people at the tables he passed, his arm around the waist of his blonde, whorishly-dressed girlfriend. "Fuck" and many slurred variations of the word seemed to make up most of his vocabulary as he boisterously trash-talked the people he passed by, his pals and their girlfriends following behind and laughing at his antics.

Tanya looked at me and rolled her eyes in annoyance at the guy. I stopped talking as they walked past us as it was no longer possible to hear each other talk. The blonde girl bumped into a chair and stumbled, making the loudmouth spill some of his drink. With a rude slap to the back of her head he angrily yelled, "Bitch! Fuckin' whore!"

The next thing I knew, Tanya had leaped out of her chair and was in the guy's face. "Hey asshole, don't you dare touch her like that!"

He smirked angrily and shoved her back into our table. "Get outta my fuckin' face, bitch!" I was out of my chair in a shot, grabbing Tanya by the shoulders to steady her and turning to stand between her and the loudmouth.

"Oh what? You gonna start something? You fuckin' pussy - you wanna go?" he mocked, getting right up in my face. I shoved him back only to have him plant both hands on my chest and push me back, off balance into the table. The table toppled and I fell in a heap against a chair and the floor with silverware, napkins and plates falling on and around me. Tanya had just barely stepped out of the way and was already helping me up. The guy's rude laughter was all I could hear.

I rushed to my feet, Tanya stepping back. Everyone's eyes were on us - people at the tables around us had stood in alarm, many backing away. The guy's pals were obviously shocked and unsure what to do. I took all this in the seconds it took to stand. The loudmouth was laughing and stepped forward so I could smell the beer on his breath as he said, "Toldya you were a fuckin' pussy. You and your fuckin' whore!"

The fact that I'd never been in a fight before skipped through my head a little too late to stop my fist from crashing clumsily into the side of the guy's head. He staggered back with a drunken look of surprise before returning with a punch that slammed into my chest, and another to my cheek. I saw stars but was also seeing red and caught him across the face with my left and threw my shoulder into a punch with my right that caught him hard on his jaw, sending him staggering back and falling back over a chair.

As if the night weren't insane enough, his blonde girlfriend rushed me and started scratching and clawing at me. I saw the guy starting to get up but couldn't shake the girl off. Suddenly her head jerked backwards and she screamed, reaching up to her head and I saw Tanya angrily pulling the girl off me by her hair. It wasn't a moment too soon because the loudmouth rushed at me and caught me in a tackle that pushed me back but I was able to twist and cram my hand into his face, using his momentum to throw him back down to the ground...into someone's dinner plate and a heap of burger and fries on the carpet.

I felt hands grab me from behind and was about to fight back until I heard them saying, "Calm down man", and "Sorry man, we'll get him out". I relaxed and the guys let me go - the friends of the loudmouth, obviously upset at their friend. A few of them picked him up and escorted him out, several apologizing to me on the way. I looked to see the blonde girl being escorted out by some of the girls in the group.

I turned to see Tanya to my left, her hair and outfit roughed up but looking unhurt. We made our way to each other, ignoring the concerned people at the bar coming to our aid, picking up tables and chairs.

"Are you alright?" we asked each other in unison.

"Yeah. I'm okay." she said. "Me too. You sure you're okay?" I asked.

She nodded. Then she grinned a little. "That was my first fight!" she said.

I laughed. "Me too!" We gave each other a hug, probably looking really dumb to everyone else but not to us. Seeing that the bouncers (who looked way too old for the job) were preoccupied with the loudmouth and his crew up front, we grabbed hands and made a beeline to a side exit, ignoring the people at the tables asking if we were okay.

There were police lights in the distance and growing closer as we made it to her car on a side street and took off in the other direction. After a few minutes of driving we were sure the police were stopping at the bar and no one was after us, so Tanya drove us back to her apartment. We were so intent on getting out of there that neither of us said much about what happened other than continuing to ask each other if we were okay.

Tanya insisted I come in with her so I followed her upstairs and into her apartment. She immediately made me sit on the couch and started looking me over in concern. She got a pack of frozen veggies from her freezer and made me put it on my face which she said was already swelling. She made me take my shirt off and tended to the scratches I got from the blonde and the brush burns I got when I'd fallen.

We were both starting to calm down as the adrenaline wore off. It was unfortunate because now my head was pounding and I was starting to feel all of my injuries. We started to talk about the fight, recounting what it looked like from the other's perspective. We started laughing about it as we relaxed and soon were nearly doubled over with giddy laughter. We felt like kids in elementary school who'd just gotten into trouble.

Tanya stood up to go get me a fresh bag of frozen veggies and as she walked away I noticed the scratch marks on her arms and neck. She returned with the bag and gave it to me, but I set it down and asked her to sit on the couch with me. I sat up and she let me look at her arms and neck.

"Ow!" she exclaimed as I pulled her shirt collar from a nasty scratch. "I didn't even feel these until now."

"Yeah, she got you pretty good, babe." I said. Looking down I noticed her shirt was a little discolored around her lower back. "Um, do you mind if I lift your shirt a little?"

"Yeah, um, sure. Did she get me there too?"

I gently lifted up the edge of her shirt, unsure whether the marks were just from spilled food or not. I'd only lifted it an inch when I began to see the start of three red welts, then another inch up to see that her skin had been broken with a nasty scratch.

"What the? Did you have her over your back or something?" I asked, a little amused.

"I don't really remember, I was trying to watch you while I was holding onto that bitch." Tanya said, wincing as I lifted her shirt from where it had stuck to the wounds.

"Well, it's up to you if you want me to take care of these but she got you down your neck and up your back." I said.

She was a little awkward as she responded. "Do you need me to take my shirt off?"

Knowing how shy she was and wanting to be caring and respectful, I said, "Hey, it's up to you. It would make it easier to take care of you but I'll do whatever you want."

She was a little hesitant, but said, "Um, no, it's okay. I don't mind."

I leaned back to give her room as she reached down for the edge of her shirt and slowly (and carefully) pulled it up. I took in her back and the scratch marks, then the back of her black bra, shoulders and more scratch marks. She pulled the shirt off over her head and arms and let it drop beside the couch. She looked back at me as I picked up the tube of antibiotic ointment and spread some over the fingertips of one hand.

"Hang on for a second, my hand is still cold from the veggies." I said, rubbing my hands together.

"Actually, that might feel good." She suggested.

I shrugged. "Okay. Here goes."

I placed my fingers on one of the scratches on her neck and gently ran them down. Using my other hand I gathered up her long hair and moved it over her shoulder. She reached up with one hand and held it there, and I placed my free hand between her neck and shoulder to steady her as I gently smoothed the ointment along the scratches.

Satisfied with the top I touched the scratches on her lower back. She shivered and giggled, telling me my hand felt really cold there. She held steady and I spread the ointment until they were all well covered.

"All done!" I said, giving her shoulders a friendly squeeze.

"Already?" she sighed. "You have a really gentle touch." She started to get up and I let her go. I was a little surprised she didn't cover herself up but let me see her in her bra and smiled as she picked up the warm bag of veggies and walked into the kitchen to put them back in the fridge.

She shut off the kitchen light, then one of the lights in the living room and returned to the couch. I looked up at her as she looked down at me, biting her lip. Then to my delight she crawled on top of me on the couch, pushing me back and laying fully on me, looking deeply into my eyes and then kissing me tenderly yet hungrily.

My hands wrapped around her sides where I knew she wasn't hurt and I kissed her back, enjoying the tender touch of her soft, full lips. She got her arms under mine and put her hands on my face, holding me and kissing me gently, then placing slow kisses on my cheeks, forehead, eyes, and setting her lips warmly upon my own again.

Feeling daring, I allowed my hands to slide up and down her sides. I held her hips and ran my hands down to her thighs, then back up. I slid my warm hands along her ribs and paused on the sides of her chest, feeling the edge of her bra cups. She grinned, kissing me as she felt this. She slid one of her hands from under me, up to her back and unsnapped her bra, then brought her hand back up to my face to kiss me with even more energy.

Tentatively, I slid my hands across the middle of her back, under her loose bra straps, feeling her warm skin. Feeling her tremble, I slid my hands outward from the middle of her back to her sides, sliding her bra straps off her back. My hands touched the sides of her full breasts and she gasped sharply between our lips. Her hands gripped my face, unfortunately at one of the spots I had been punched but I was too engrossed to acknowledge the pain.

My hands slowly, very slowly, slid along the contours of the sides of her breasts. My fingertips trailed up and down across the curves. Finally she gasped deeply and pushed herself away from me, frantically pulled her bra off and giving me a gorgeous eyeful of her perfect breasts before crashing down on me, skin against skin, and kissing me passionately. I gripped her sides as we kissed and feeling her lift her chest up, slid my palms back down the sides of her breasts and then under. I felt her nipples contract against the soft skin of my palms as they slid across. Tanya gasped deeply as she felt my hands tighten and cup her breasts. She broke our kiss and buried her face against my neck, gasping and kissing my neck as I gently squeezed her soft breasts with my hands. I slid her nipples between my thumbs and palms and lightly pinched them, earning a gasp from her against my neck.

A few short moments later, Tanya groaned and pushed herself up again, put a hand on the arm of the couch and bent her chest towards my face, lifting my head with her other hand. I grabbed her sides and eagerly pressed my lips to her breast, wrapping my lips around her engorged nipple. She groaned and stretched back as I tenderly swirled the end of my tongue across and around the firm tip of her breast and I lifted my other hand up to cup her exposed breast and caress it.

My lips tugged at her tender flesh and I released her only for a moment to slide my tongue around the bulk of her gorgeous breast, setting my lips tightly around her nipple again. Her fingers dug deeply into my hair and she gasped and moaned above me as I tenderly tasted her.

Finally she gasped sharply and held my head tight against her, pulling herself away from my lips and cradling my face in the valley between her breasts. Her chest was warm, moist with sweat and her breasts moved against my cheeks as she breathed deeply to calm herself. She slid back down and kissed me again, slowly and more tenderly, still trying to catch her breath. She laid down on me, running her fingers across my cheek and side of my neck.

Still working to control her breathing she whispered, "I'm sorry to stop...that was so good...I just, I never did that before..."

I had a massive erection at this point and was nearly shaking with the buildup so it was maddening to have her stop like this. I couldn't answer at first - it was hard enough to breath with my stomach so tight and every nerve on fire.

"Are you okay?" She asked, self-conscious and concerned.

I just bit my lip and swallowed and nodded. "Yeah...I...um, it's hard to stop."

She was quiet for a moment and I worked on trying to calm down. I didn't want to hurt her feelings, I knew she was shy but it was really hard to accept that at the moment.

She slid off more to my side. I focused on the ceiling. She kissed my neck. Her hand trailed across my chest. She kissed me on the neck more deliberately and her hand slid lower...and lower. I felt her grapple with my belt and loosen it...and I gasped as she undid the button of my jeans and slid the zipper down along my straining shaft.

All in a moment, she lifted her head and set her lips on mine in a fierce kiss and slid her hand into my boxers, wrapping her fingers around my shaft and starting to stroke it. I gasped and jerked at her touch and kissed her. She stroked me slowly and firmly, lifting her hand up so her finger brushed just under the head and back down. I strained, feeling the lump on my face pulsing from the rush of blood, feeling the other bruises and scrapes, and feeling my brain tying all of the sensations together into one incredible rush.

I kissed Tanya deeply and leaned closer against her. Her hand worked up and down my shaft, pausing once where she slipped her fingers down between my legs to cradle my sac before reaching back up to grip my shaft again. I held Tanya tightly against me and felt her angle my shaft up, sliding the front of my boxers back with her wrist. She stroked me firmly then slipped her tongue into my mouth and pressed her thumb against the underside of my glans and sliding it around in little circles. My hips bucked and I moaned sharply as I quickly came, feeling my semen hitting me in the chest. Tanya kept pumping her hand and moving her thumb; working several strong shots from me and making me gasp and tremble.

Her kisses grew slower and tenderer and her hand relaxed and began to softly caress my softening shaft. It took some time for all the stars in my eyes to disappear for me to see again. I looked at her and she at me. We exchanged another deep kiss and she settled back down against me. We rested for some time, gently running our hands over each other, and eventually got up. We were an absolute mess - scratched up, beat up, and covered in lotion. She and I both had streaks of my cum on our sides and chests. (Seeing her wiping my cum from the side of one of her breasts was nearly enough to get me hard again).

It took some time to get cleaned up. Tanya grew a little bashful about being topless and soon found a loose top she could wear that didn't bother the scratches. Eventually we got ourselves put back together and curled up together on the couch again.

"Two big adventures in one night!" She whispered, her head on my chest.

I grinned and bent down to kiss her forehead.

Chapter 24

The grey light of early dawn was already giving way to a colorful sunrise as I brought my car to a stop in the driveway. Tanya and I had slept on the couch and woke up about an hour ago - stiff and sore from sleeping awkwardly and from our scrapes and bruises. She'd wanted to go shower and clean up, so I decided to head home to give her some space. We'd shared one last hug and a really good kiss (even for just waking up) before I left. 

I entered the house to find it still and quiet, and made my way to the bathroom. I glanced over at Sara's room - she was away at the beach with friends and wouldn't be back for a few more days. I looked my face over in the bathroom mirror. I certainly had a good welt though the swelling seemed to be going down and making way for a lovely bruise. I showered, took care of the scrapes and went to my room to rest for another hour or so.

When I finally got up and showed my face to my family, there was the expected amount of shock and concern. My dad thought I should report it to the police before they somehow looked me up, and my mom was worrying over the bumps and scrapes.

Once they had calmed down I went back to my room and called Tanya to see how she was. She answered, sounding very happy to hear from me.

"Hey! How're you feeling?" She asked.

"Pretty good. Still ache a little but...I'm actually feeling really good."

Tanya giggled a little. "Me too. Your family didn't freak out did they?"

"Yeah, but nothing abnormal." I replied, grinning at how flustered my parents had been.

We chatted a few minutes longer until she had to go. She was meeting up with one of her girlfriends who wanted to hear about what had happened.

I sat in my room for a while, enjoying the memory of the night I spent with Tanya. Eventually my thoughts turned to Sara. We hadn't been able to spend much time together after the first night we'd had sex before she had to leave for her trip. It had definitely made for a few awkward moments for us both, especially the following morning when I had to sneak out of her room before dawn so our parents wouldn't suspect anything. It was probably good to have some time apart but if I had to be honest, even with the night I had with Tanya I was missing my sister.

* * *

Wednesday finally rolled around and I returned home from classes and made a beeline for Sara's room. There she was! Standing by her bed, unpacking a suitcase. I walked up to the doorway and cleared my throat. She turned in surprise and smiled excitedly, running up to me and giving me a hug.

"Hey! Welcome back!" I said, still holding her.

She made no move to step away and just grinned up at me with those darling, blue eyes. "Hi Alex! Did you miss me?"

I glanced once over my shoulder, then turned and kissed her fully on the lips. She reached a hand behind my head and pulled me tight to kiss me back. We broke our kiss and grinned at each other. I came in and sat down by her desk and she went back to her suitcase.

She caught me up on her trip, all the places she went with her friends, all the things they did. She'd had a great time and it showed in her enthusiastic, yet relaxed manner.

Then I told her about the date I had with Tanya and the fight at the bar. She sat down on the bed and listened in surprise as I told her the whole story of the fight, including the things I'd left out of what I told my parents. She was shocked and concerned but also proud of me for holding my own. She asked a lot of questions and we laughed together about the silly parts.

After a while I left her room to let her continue to unpack and grabbed some dinner. My parents came home and I ended up watching a movie with my dad, hearing Sara and my mom talking about her trip in the kitchen. A couple of hours later my parents had gone to bed and it was just Sara and I in the den watching TV. We talked quietly for a little while and Sara soon asked how things were going with Tanya.

Feeling a little unsure, I began to tell her about going to her apartment after the fight, how she'd given me frozen vegetables for the welt on my face. I mentioned the scratches on Tanya's neck and back and started to gloss over what happened next but Sara caught me.

"Wait, so did she take off her shirt?" she asked.

"Well, um, yeah...and so, um..." I stammered.

"Oh my gosh! So what happened then?" Sara asked, excitedly.

Realizing that she didn't seem to be jealous at all, I spilled the whole story. She sat, spellbound, asking for more detail here and there. When I was finished, she grinned and held up her hand, saying, "Great job big bro!" and gave me a high-five.

"I have to admit, I wasn't sure how you'd feel about it." I said after a moment.

She smiled, kindly. "Well yeah, I'm jealous. But I'm happy for you too, you know? And besides, I may have met a guy on my trip." She grinned.

"Really? Do tell!" I said, swallowing down a little bit of sibling protectiveness.

So she told me all about him. His name was Kevin and he was on vacation too, happened to live a few counties away. They'd gone for a lot of walks and ate out a few times. They'd exchanged cell numbers before she left, and she was quite giddy as she told me how he kissed her, a little nervously, when he said goodbye.

"Kinda weird, isn't it? To like other people when we're so close." She said.

"Yeah, it is." I thought for a moment. "I don't know, it doesn't have to be too weird. I mean, we got close mainly so you could help me get rid of a lot of tension, you know? And it's not like that's going to go away."

She bit her lip mischievously and said, "That's for sure. He is cute!" She grinned and laughed at herself. "And for what it's worth, I love being so close to you."

"Me too, little sis." I said and smiled.

After a moment, Sara asked, "So what did Tanya's boobs feel like, compared to mine?"

She grinned at my discomfort but I answered. "Well, I guess they're a little bigger, and she's really sensitive. You get sensitive but I think she's even more so. And her, um, nipples are a little bigger too."

I looked at her. She smiled at me in the dim lamplight.

"Can I make a weird suggestion?" I asked. She just nodded. "Do you want to, um...it may be weird, but do you want to pretend like we're each other's crushes?"

She grinned nervously. "You mean, I pretend you're Kevin if I let you pretend I'm Tanya?"

"Yeah! That sounds awesome!" She said, sitting up.

"Are you sure? It won't weird you out with whatever I want to do with her?" I asked, a bit nervous as well.

She nodded. After a moment of awkward silence, I took the initiative and walked up to her and tenderly embraced her. Sara sighed as I bent in and began to neck with her. She began to whisper Kevin's name as I caressed her sides and held her close.

She got me to pull my shirt off and rubbed her hands across my chest as I kissed her neck. Then I got her to take her shirt off and unfastened her bra.

I knelt on the couch and kissed her breast as I ran my hand along her inner thigh. She moaned Kevin's name in my ear and I slid my hand between her legs. She eagerly spread her knees and I firmly but gently slid my fingers across her sensitive folds of skin. After a few minutes, I inserted a finger into her body and imagined that it wasn't Sara's gasping face I looked at, but Tanya's green eyes and pouty lips. 

She suddenly took initiative and reached over to start unbuckling my pants. I removed my hands from her and helped open my jeans and pull them and my boxers down to fully bare myself. She reached down and wrapped her warm fingers around my dick and began to stroke it gently. I slipped one hand behind her back and placed my other back between her legs, my fingers slipping easily between her lips. She put her free hand on my thigh and leaned in to put her head on my shoulder and gasp in pleasure as we stimulated each other.

I imagined Tanya's hand on my dick, pumping, squeezing, touching my balls, massaging the head. It drove me mad with desire and before I even thought about it I had pushed Sara onto her back and knelt down between her legs, greedily sliding my tongue through her wetness. She gasped and writhed and moaned, reaching down to rub her hands on my head, moaning Kevin's name over and over as my tongue dipped into her folds and tasted her essence.

I flipped her over onto her stomach and with Tanya's beautiful ass in my mind's eye, I drove my straining cock right between those soft lips and deep into my sister's body. I pressed her hard into the cushions with each thrust, stabbing my penis over and over into my sister's vagina. I groaned Tanya's name hungrily as I slid myself in and out.

Sara eagerly raised her hips with each thrust, begging me to go deeper into her body. Her vagina was already slick with her body's excitement and grew more so as I called Tanya's name again. Sara gasped loudly, moaning Kevin's name. The sound of my waist slapping against Sara's butt was the only thing to be heard for several moments until Sara began to beg me to get on my back. I pulled myself out of my sister and when she'd moved, laid down on the couch, my penis wet and straining. She got on her hands and knees and straddled my stomach with her back to me, facing my feet. She got her feet under her and crouched over my dick, reaching down to grab it and point it up towards her. Sara then sat down, impaling herself willingly on my erection, sliding down it until I was buried straight up in her body with her butt on my groin.

She reached one hand back onto my stomach for balance, raised herself up and impaled herself again, and then over and over until her back shone with sweat and both of us loudly whispered our imaginary lover's names. I watched her round, firm butt cheeks raise and lower before me, seeing my sister stab herself on me. I tried to imagine it was Tanya's body on mine but my imagination was faltering and seeing Sara riding on top of me caused my heart to catch in my throat.

There were a few moments of quiet groans and grunts until I heard Sara quietly say my name instead of Kevin's. I closed my eyes, feeling her hot body descending on my erection again and allowed Sara's name to come out of my lips, barely a whisper. We were silent once again for a few moments but again I heard Sara say my name, this time louder and more plainly. I reached my hands out and put them on her hips and helped pull her down onto my erection. She moaned my name again as she slowly slid her body down onto mine again.

"Oh god, oh...oh Sara...Sara!" I moaned.

And suddenly we were no longer in our fantasies but in another, a shared fantasy. Brother and sister having sex together once again. Sara plunging herself onto her brother's body, me giving my little sister what she wanted.

Sara quickly pulled herself off and struggled to turn herself around. She straddled me again, this time facing me, and we wasted no time sliding my penis back inside her. I sat up and she wrapped her legs around my butt, pressing our crotches together. With her breasts level with my face, I hungrily kissed and suckled on her as she groaned and pressed her chest forward. I held onto her butt and lifted her and set her down over and over, helping to slide her up and down my shaft. She gasped and I felt more fluids pulse out of her around my erection. She wrapped her arms around my head and pulled my face tight against her slick chest and she struggled to ride me as hard as she could.

Surprisingly, in all of this I had not yet felt the urge to ejaculate but I felt it rising now. When she had calmed somewhat, I told her I was close. She leaned in, her damp hair surrounding me, her hot breath in my face, and kissed me. Then she made me lay back down again and lifted herself off of my dick.

Sara eased back, watching my face to make sure I was okay. She straddled me a little further down than before so that when she sat, she was mostly on my balls and the first inch of my shaft. She grinned at me and reached down, wrapping her fingers around my glistening penis and began stroking. She began to grind herself on the bottom of my shaft as she stroked me.

I chuckled and she looked at me quizzically. Whispering, I said, "It almost looks like you have a dick!"

She looked down and back up at me with a grin. She pointed my dick up a little more and scooted forward a tiny bit and started stroking me again. We both looked down, and then up at each other with grins - it really did look like she had a penis! She giggled, then threw her hair back and began acting like she really was jerking herself off. She gasped and moaned dramatically, thrusting her hips in time with each stroke of her hand. I couldn't stand seeing my sister in such a display for long and with a loud grunt, I began to shoot out my cum. Sara moaned, thrusting forward with every string of cum she worked out of me, milking my dick and pretending to squirt out each shot.

She suddenly got up and knelt between my legs, her face close to my dick as she stroked the rest of the cum from my body and just grinned up at me. Then, as an added shock, she teasingly said, "Oh, Kevin!" and dipped her face forward to press her lips against my ball sack as she stroked my wavering dick. I groaned loudly as I felt her tongue play across the undersides of my balls and she moaned happily.

Chapter 25

It came as a surprise to me the following Saturday when Sara asked me after breakfast if I wanted to go for a hike. I agreed and we both got changed into rougher clothes and grabbed some water to take along. We piled into my car and drove off - it seemed like our mom was glad to see us going out together, probably thinking it'd be nice to have the house to herself for a change.

The drive was pretty quiet. Our conversation was completely small talk but in a relaxing way. We arrived at the same park we had hiked in some time before and found just one other car there. 

We started out on our walk, the gravel crunching under our feet and the leaves rustling over our heads as the wind tossed the branches. It was deeply warm and humid - we were both sweating not long into the trail. Not too far in we were passed by an older couple in hiking clothes heading the opposite direction back toward the cars. After they were long gone Sara let out a long breath and walked closer to me until her shoulder was against mine. She slid her arm around mine and we walked on together.

We hiked further than we would normally go, taking us deep into the forest. The trail meandered along the edge of a steep hillside and deep valley that we had both always loved. The clouds above had grown larger and more grey, and the wind was pushing them along quickly. 

As we were pausing to rest and look out over the valley I asked, "Doing alright?"

"Yeah, this is more than I've walked in a while."

We rested for several minutes more until the humidity and heat in the air made it uncomfortable to stay still. We decided to continue on the trail, not ready to return just yet. The clouds were growing darker gray and the air had stilled. A quiet calm surrounded us as we continued through the trees and rocks along our trail.

We reached another lookout and paused there. I leaned against a tree and looked over at Sara. Her eyes looked at me steadily and her face looked determined, and eager. A warm breeze tossed her hair for a moment before passing by to make the branches behind her wave.

"May I ask a question?"

"Sure." She said and shrugged.

"Well, we're both in a really weird situation and I just have to check. Are you okay with what we're doing?" I asked.

She looked over at me, tucking an errant strand of hair behind an ear. "You mean, do I regret that we're having sex?"

I felt my stomach and shoulders tense a little. "Yes." I answered.

"Why?" She asked.

I paused before replying. "Well, like you said the first night. It's incest."

We walked on in silence for a few minutes, crossing a small field of rounded boulders that crossed the trail.

"If I told you it was something I really enjoyed, that I'd never regret having sex with you, would that help you know how I feel?" Sara asked.

I nodded.

She stepped closer. "Alex, I will never regret having sex with you. I love you."

In that moment of togetherness I felt my heart warm deeply for Sara. My admiration for her expanded beyond what I had ever felt for someone else - it wasn't love like in the movies, it wasn't lust, not even really romantic but it was a stronger love than I had felt before. She was my sister, Sara was my blood, my family, but also a friend, also a lover, also a woman. She was part of me in a way, as I was part of her in a way.

She seemed to know what was going on inside me and she looked bashful and smiled, dropping her eyes, but then bringing them back up to return my gaze.

Still looking a little bashful, she said, "I know this probably isn't right, and I know we can't stay like this forever." I nodded in agreement and she continued, "But for the moment, I feel like I want to be..." She shuffled her feet nervously, "...yours."

I walked closer and put my arms around her, and kissed her forehead. "I don't think it's right either and I know we can't keep doing this but right now I feel like you're the most important person in my life and all I want to do is to be with you as long as it's possible."

She smiled up at me, then stood on her toes to give me a soft kiss.

"So you're okay?" She asked.

"Yeah. I think I am. I really am." I said, grinning at her beautiful face.

We held hands and continued along the trail together. Her voice became merry and light as we talked about all sorts of things going on in our lives until we began to feel large droplets of rain hitting our backs and shoulders. Sara laughed and giggled as the rain increased and we tried to run together to find some cover.

We ended up under a large, low-growing tree that gave us a little shelter. The heat in the air was still present though the humidity was less stifling now. Sara looked over at me excitedly.

"Have you ever wanted to be naked in the rain?" She asked, her eyes dancing.

"Uh...well...yeah, I thought of it."

"Do you want to?" She asked, grinning from ear to ear.

I hesitated, but shrugged. "I guess if we wrap our clothes up, it might help keep them more dry too...sure."

In moments we were untying our hiking shoes and began taking our clothes off. I watched her strip out of her shirt and jeans, and she gave me a happy grin as she slipped off her panties. I was taking my boxers off as she freed herself of her bra. We wrapped our clothes together in a tight ball and set them on our shoes close to the trunk of the tree. Completely naked we stepped out into the rain, the ground a soft, wet mess under our bare feet. She took my hand and pulled me forward, out to a small, rocky overhang that looked out on the valley. She jumped up on one of the large, round rocks and helped me up and we looked out over the valley below.

She laughed happily and raised her arms up towards the sky which obliged her by shaking out the contents of the clouds over our bodies. I admired every curve of her body that the raindrops trickled down and pulled her close for a hug. We stood side by side in the warm air and warm rain gazing out on the meadows and rolling hills below.

"Ooh, do you feel how warm the rock is?" She asked me, then knelt down to touch the boulder with her hands. I joined her and she was right, the rock had absorbed so much sun that it felt warm to the touch. She giggled and sat down, then lay down on her back (giving me a delicious view of her extraordinary body). Lifting her head and shielding her eyes and node with her hands she said, "I don't think this could be any better!"

I grinned, then hopped down off the rock and came up to her feet, and gently parted them. She looked down at me with puzzlement, then laughed in excited surprise as I bent down between her legs. "Oh my gosh..." she exclaimed and put her head back on the rock, hands over her face, and spread her legs a little more to expose her crotch. I leaned in and set my mouth directly on her slit, working my lips between the thicker folds with short pubic hair until I tasted and felt the smooth, moist inner lips of her cunt. I heard her let out a little squeal as I found and focused on her clitoris. The rain hitting my head and her belly traveled down between her legs and I drank in the slow stream as I licked my sister's pussy.

In no time at all her inner lips had swelled and I tasted more of the clear fluids that leaked from her body. I glanced up and saw her breathing heavily, still covering her face from the rain but with her palms apart so she could breath easily.

Thunder rumbled quietly from a long distance as I rose and stepped closer to Sara. She raised her head to look up at me and pulled her knees up as I bent over her and laid down with my hips between her legs. I was already fully erect and as Sara wrapped her dripping arms around my back, the tip of my penis touched her cunt and then easily slid straight into her body. She gasped into my ear and wrapped her feet around my butt as I pushed myself in and out of her. I grunted and strained and she gasped and shook as the water sprayed over my back and spilled between our legs where our bodies merged.

My head protected her face from the worst of the rain but still as we kissed I could feel the water coursing down my chin and over her mouth. Her breasts slipped and slid on my chest as we strained together. She raised her hips and took in as much of me as I could give her.

Her fingers dug and slid on my back and she wailed and moaned and shook as an orgasm overcame her. Water fell on her face but she didn't seem to notice as she trembled and her face turned red. She let out a loud yell and held me in tightly with her legs until her hips started to buck, forcing me out but pulling me back in as hard as she could. I felt my penis touching the rubbery knob of her cervix and it was quickly stimulating me to my orgasm. As soon as she stopped convulsing and had relaxed I had to slide out of her. She tenderly caressed my neck and I grunted as I ejaculated and sprayed cum on her butt cheek and the boulder underneath.

The rain slowed as I laid back on her in an embrace, and we held and caressed each other tenderly until it had stopped. I felt the warmth of the sun kiss my naked back and I rose off of her. She blinked away the rain from her eyes and wiped her face dry and I helped her up. We sat side by side on the rock, gazing out over the valley where the rain still tossed the grasses a mile away.

We returned to the tree and helped wipe each other dry with our hands and waited for the breeze to help with the rest before we pulled our clothes back on. It was a long hike back and we were tired but because we were together it made us appreciate every step we took.



pics---->> http://bit.ly/1D1q3qp 