I finished work and joined the others rushing out the building towards the parking lot.
I caught sight of her, walking towards her car, looking ravishing, a slim body in a leather outfit, gloves and knee high boots. She caught me checking her out, and gave a little smile. Even if embarrassed, I went over and introduced myself. I couldn't see her eyes behind the dark glasses, but she still has a little smile on her face.
"I'm Peter or Pete as most people call me." I said and reached out to shake her hand.
"Hello there. I am Lynn, pleased to meet you." Lynn said smiling and offering her hand to me, holding the handshake a little longer, before saying, "I've seen you before you are in the technical department."
"Love your leather outfit, it really looks great on you." I managed to get out...
"Thank you." Lynn said with a big smile.
"I cannot seem to place you yet. Anyway, since you know who I am, would you be interested in having a drink?" I asked.
"I'd like that. Do you have a pub in mind?" Lynn asked.
"Not around here. I have gone to the pubs round the corner if you want to go there." I said.
"There's one I'd like to try its a little further away so we should go by car. Do you want to join me in my car and then can I drop you off back here to pick up yours?" Lynn offered.
"Sure, fine with me." I said.
We left for the pub and a few blocks later Lynn said, "It's over there." and pointed it out the place.
"It looks familiar to me." I said opening the door once she parked the car.
"It looks nice does it not?" Lynn asked as we made our way in.
"I think I have been here before. Yes, it is nice, good choice Lynn." I said.
"Maybe we all have something familiar to us." Lynn said with a witty grin.
"You are a new face to me, Lynn I'm sure I would remember you if I had come across you." I said.
"I'll tell you later, shall we sit here?" Lynn asked already sitting down.
"Yes let's Lynn." I said sitting and getting a better look at her, she is cute. As she lowered her glasses I see her eyes are almond greenish at the same time. Her features are cute, feminine but with an androgynous touch.
"Loosen up Pete, make yourself comfortable." Lynn said taking off her gloves to show very nice hands and well kept.
"I will not ask in what department you work in since you will tell me later. Please give me something like how long have you worked for the company?" I asked.
"Let's leave that for later. Tell me about you are you married, dating, do you get all you want, what are your likes in music, sports any hobbies?" Lynn asked, smiling again, "I'm all ears."
"No I'm not married, and guess you are not either. No kids and ended dating not long ago." I said.
"So you are open to a new relationship, I'll have to be careful with you then." Lynn said laughing.
"I wonder who has to be careful of whom, maybe it is you I have to be careful of." I said joining in the moment.
Smiling at me, "Look before we go further, and let me tell you I'm bisexual." Lynn looked closely at my face, looking for a reaction.
"Well, I'm an online bisexual. I have yet to try it in the flesh, but honestly, I think I'd prefer with a Trans girl if I do go there. I need to see the feminine side at least some of it." I said and laughed, blushing at the same time, feeling a little awkward opening up to this woman.
Lynn smiled, and said, "Pete, that's wonderful. I suspected that when you first came across me, there was' something different about you and I was not wrong. Did you pick up that sort of vibe from me?"
"Truth?"
"Absolutely, yes please."
"Well, sorry to disappoint you, I did not. I'm still working on how beautiful you are and haven't got past that yet." I said grinning.
"I like you sincerity Pete, and thank you for the compliments. I also like that we are into similar things." Lynn said.
"Are you currently seeing someone?" I asked.
"No, I did have an on an off thing with somebody." Lynn said.
Suddenly I looked around and saw my ex sitting with a couple at the end of the bar. I quickly said, "Lynn, if you don't mind, can we leave?"
"Yes, if you have to. I thought we were having a nice moment. Did I upset you?" Lynn said with a concerned look on her face.
"It's not you Lynn. I happen to see my ex sitting at the bar." I said and discretely Lynn shifted to get a glimpse at her.
"What?" Lynn exclaimed looking back at me, "You are that Pete, your ex is Sally?" She asked.
"Yes, Sally is my ex, although I don't remember her mentioning a Lynn to me." I said.
"OK Pete, let's go." Lynn said.
"Thank you, Lynn. I'm not hurt but not interested in saying hello and all that stuff yet." I said.
We left and getting into the car she put a gloved hand on my shoulder, "Would you like to come home and we carry on getting to know each other?" Lynn offered.
"Yes, that would be great." I said with a hope to get to know her better.
"Let's go then." Lynn said.
"I did leave my car in the parking lot, would it be better if I pick it up and follow you?" I asked.
"Yes, let's do that. So, Sally was your girlfriend, she was the one I was seeing on and off just to let you know. We started when you two broke up." Lynn said as we arrived at the parking lot.
"Ok give me a minute and I'll follow you." I said. As soon as I got the car going I followed her. On the way there I began to wonder what Sally had told Lynn. It did not take too long to get to her house and I parked by the sidewalk as she put's hers into the garage got out of her car and was waiting for me to get to her.
"Come on in." Lynn said as she closed the garage door behind me.
"Nice house you have Lynn." I said as we made our way in.
"Yes, it is. Dad got it for me." Lynn said.
"Good dad." I said.
"Everything has a price, and we both have paid for it and guess I'll soon be telling you about it." Lynn said.
"You have to work for him or something of the sort?" I asked.
"I'll go into details once we settle in, coffee and whisky?" Lynn offered.
"Yes perfect." I said.
Lynn took off her leather jacket and gloves getting more comfortable. She fixes the drinks and asked me to make the espressos in her state of the art machine obviously made for someone who enjoys coffee.
"Lynn, I keep thinking, what do you mean by - 'You are that Pete?' -, can you enlighten me?" I asked.
"Let me tell you, your girl or better say your ex-girl is very open minded but not very discreet." Lynn said and stopped.
"Well I know she has an open mind and as to being discreet you have to enlighten me." I said.
"Well, since we have already opened up, I will not feel as bad telling you that she has told me about your sex life." Lynn said.
"Well, tell me everything so if there's something to correct, the least I can do is give you my side to it." I said blushing.
"Sweetie it's nice to see you blush, but I have had quite a sex life up to now and I can tell you there's nothing to worry about with me." Lynn said.
"That is comforting to know. Not being understood is still a stigma nowadays." I said.
"She told me that you like the idea of being pegged but was too shy to do it and that after that you started getting worried when she told you to wear knickers and began trying to feminize you." Lynn said.
"It is true; I guess she must have gone into details also." I said slightly uncomfortable.
"Yes she did. Sorry about that, but it is ok with me. She said she left you because she could not go deeper with you." Lynn said.
"Yes that is true also. I got scared." I said.
"Let me tell you my story and then you will not feel a tenth of what you feel now." Lynn said.
"I'm all ears." I said.
"Before I start, I need to make it clear to you. Although I may look feminine to you and many around me, anatomically I'm like you. That said if you want to get up and leave now it will be ok with me and I'll understand." Lynn said softly.
"I told you I'm bisexual at least I think so, please carry on and let me hear your story." I said.
"I started fooling around with my sister's clothes when I was about twelve, very innocently and always alone. My sister is one year older; she caught me once and was quite ok with it. She even helped me in my play." Lynn said.
"So your sister knows your entire story." I said.
"She does. One night after a couple of years since I first started playing in female clothes, I was by myself and dressed up including makeup and wig. I must say I looked very sexy. Once I had finished up and I was just looking at myself, feeling, enjoying. I heard the front door open and panicked." Lynn said.
"You were caught but not by your sister, was it your mother?" I asked.
"No, my mother had divorced my dad. It's my father and with one too many under his belt, and the moment he saw me he called my mother's name." Lynn said.
"God. What happened then?" I asked.
"He gets totally infatuated. I go silent and blushed. He came up to me and drunk as he was, he dragged me to the bedroom I froze due to being in female clothing and before I could get the guts to tell him who I am he is taking me. He has an orgasm and gets off me. As a side, I had previously played with my sisters toys, and was about to that same night, already lubed up, so it didn't hurt when it happened." Lynn said looking at me.
"Oh." I said and nothing else wondering how this affected her psychologically.
"My father fell half asleep and when he gets back to his senses and is aware of what took place, he looked at me and cried. In all that time, I did not move shocked as I was but I gave him a hug. I left the bedroom and was worried. I knew I had to leave for good after that." Lynn said.
"What happened then?" I asked "What did your dad do?"
"The following day my father left early. He called to meet up for lunch. The first minutes were tense and uncomfortable for both of us. He said that that what happened should have never happened. Both of us were not who we were supposed to be in that situation. He does not know how to make peace with it then and not sure if he is completely over it yet. I told him that we are both forgiven. He never again put a finger on me and accepted me as I am. The night it took place he had an awful situation and drank to forget it at least for a while and when he saw me drunk as he was it felt as a flashback of his former wife and life. I do have my mother's look." Lynn said.
"Well I must say you are good looking. Thank you for sharing your life story with me." I said grateful that I hadn't had that kind of experience.
"Thank you for the compliment. After that, I lost my mind for a time and tried many things but here I am now." Lynn said.
"Let's change subject since you went through a lot. Now can you now tell me what happened with Sally? I asked.
"We did have sex; she fucked me but wanted me to fuck her, which did not take place. I do get a twitch, but hardly ever an erection which put things off with her. Anyway, she said she thinks her natural inclination is for women. You should not get upset." Lynn said.
"Thanks for that Lynn." I said.
"So, I've been passive since forever, but like domination games in which I dominate. If you are interested and we get to know each other, we can play some games." Lynn said moving her finger up and down her thigh.
"Sounds interesting, do you go deep into these games you mention?" I asked.
"Would you be open to being feminized by me?" Lynn asked.
"Well, we could try with pegging first and if it works we could take it up a notch from there." I said.
"That is ok with me; could you see yourself submitting to me?" Lynn asked.
"Who knows, maybe?" I said wondering if this is going too far or not for me.
"Are you scared?" Lynn asked.
"Not yet at least, just wondering if it will be a short or long run." I said jokingly.
"You won't know if you don't start." Lynn said getting up.
"I don't know how to go from here now. You are the one with female clothes on but at the same time you are the one that wants to pull the strings." I said standing up.
"Yes, you are right. I am going to kiss you." Lynn said and moved herself in front of me and gave me a peck.
"That was nice." I said.
"Do you want another?" Lynn asked.
"Mmm, yes sure, Lynn." I said.
"That is what I wanted to hear." Lynn said kissing a little more and stopping.
"More please." I said.
"I think I may become your Mistress if you let me, and I'll make you my girl." Lynn said kissing me harder this time.
"I don't know about that, but I do want more of your lips, Lynn." I said.
"I'm getting more than a twitch with you, which is odd." Lynn said, now kissing me hard, and putting her hands on my waist.
"I'm also getting a twitch." I said not knowing where to put my hands.
"In my case I'd say it's not natural but very welcome, maybe you will become my girlfriend after all. Now put your hands around my neck." Lynn said kissing me pressing my mouth open with her tongue.
"You truly enjoy kissing; your lips are so soft." I said when we stopped kissing for a second.
"Yes, I enjoy long deep kisses." Lynn said getting back to kissing. She soon feels her twitch far more than she could ever imagine, "Pete just a second please let me fix my no longer limp member which is bothering me now." Lynn went to another room and soon came back with a bulge in her leather skirt.
"Lynn, you said you never have an erection. Do you always play the part?" I asked.
"Please believe me I can give you phone numbers of people who have been with me and many including your ex-girlfriend left me because I cannot perform for them. Please believe me, you can ask my sister. We've talked about this many times. I'm not lying to you, please believe me. Only once before I had a swelling but not like this." Lynn said feeling slightly embarrassed.
"Sorry I did not want to hurt you, just that from my side it does look a little strange and do hope you understand my point of view." I said thinking she was taking me for a ride.
"Yes from your side it looks as if I'm playing you, but I'm not. Look my sister does not know you let's give her a call and ask her, she will be more than ok to answer. We will do it hands free." Lynn said and grabbed her phone, dialing a number before I could answer.
"Hi Tessa it's me can you speak freely?" Lynn asked.
"Hi sis yes I can." Tessa said.
"I've put you on the speaker. I have a nonbeliever and would appreciate your input regarding about my you know what that only dangles." Lynn said.
"Hello nonbeliever, yes I can say it only dangles. Sometimes in an extreme case it swells a little. Now I have not been there to check it but can tell you that my sis has had more than a frustration. I have been there to visit with her and watched her cry many times. That has happened often with men and women. I do hope you do not make her sad mister or miss." Tessa said.
I was about to open my mouth and Lynn asked me to remain silent with her finger on my lips, "Tess, thank you very much and call you later. Love you." Lynn said.
"Love you Lynn, talk later." Tess said as they hung up.
"I needed you to believe me. I cannot still believe what is happening to me, let's see if it lasts." Lynn said not quite sure what was happening as her erection had subsided during the phone call.
"Your sister is wonderful." I said.
"Yes she is. Now I'd like to kiss you some more if you still want to." Lynn said getting up and coming towards me.
"Yes I do." I said reaching out to her.
"Do you mind if I hug you, because I haven't had that kind of reaction for at least seven years that I can I remember." Lynn said.
"It's ok with me." I said.
"You are cute Peter." Lynn said and started kissing me. We kissed softly as if getting to know each other through deep French kisses, tongues washing each other. Lynn had said about being limp but it felt strange as I sensed her once again stiffening, but contained by her leather skirt. We stopped to take a breath.
"Lynn you must certainly feel horny." I said as I gently brushed my hand over the bulge in her skirt.
"Pete yes I am. I am bewildered at the same time that you can now understand. If we do get past kissing and you decide to see me naked or at least feel my flesh we will see if it holds." Lynn said in disbelief.
"Now I do believe you. You do not believe yourself cutie." I said.
"You are so sweet Pete. Do you want to cuddle a little on my bed?" Lynn asked.
"I think that would be more comfortable." I said.
"Yes let's go I want to know what happens. All this is new to me." Lynn said.
"You make it sound as a first time in everything we are doing." I said.
"It is for me, it is very difficult to understand it. I was about thirteen the last time I had one as I have it now. I do come but when that happens it swells a little, I cum and it goes soft again immediately after. This is a huge change love." Lynn said taking me by the hand to her bedroom where she gave me a little push onto the bed.
"Hey you are not going to abuse me with your huge beast, are you?" I asked playfully.
"Hm, I'll think about it - you do get me hard and that's a first for me, I'm inclined to say I might or I will soon." Lynn said laughing.
"I'm starting to get intrigued as you are Lynn." I said.
"Do you mind if I get my skirt off, I have pantyhose on. I would like to feel you more."Lynn said.
"Go ahead Lynn." I said as Lynn stood a stripped of her skirt, and then lay over me on the bed.
"I like you Pete, where have you been all this time?" Lynn said kissing me. Once again she started with her hands on my waist and soon moved to my backside. My hands go onto her neck. We kiss and fondle. We drool. Soon Lynn starts getting a full hard on and she is stiff, she moves up and down on me as if she was shagging me. I hear her moaning and that makes me get hard.
"Yes baby you are hot." I said.
Soon she spasms and moans loud, "Hm, hm, ah." as Lynn comes.
"Are you ok?" I asked as Lynn collapsed like a ton of bricks on me.
Lynn soon recovered, "Thank you love. This is the first time I had an orgasm with a full erection since... I cannot remember."
"Lynn I'm glad it happened to you and that you enjoyed it." I said.
"Please stay with me." Lynn said with tears of happiness in her eyes.
"Of course, I'll stay. Let's see where we go from here." I said hugging her.