Non-Cons, Latex, Smoking, piercing, tattoo, denial, kidnap, chastity.



Sarah's Changes - Part 1

Christmas Day

Sarah was 26 and life hadn't quite planned out the way she thought it would a few years ago. She always wanted to be her own boss earning lots of money but she had been working as a waitress in a middle of the road restaurant earning barely enough money to live on for years. She had a real lack of self confidence which didn't help with her school work or her appearance, she always wore baggy jeans, flat shoes and loose fitting tops and never made wore make up. At 5'10" with shoulder length black hair, long legs, nice sized breasts and a peach of an ass she really could have been a model if she had the self-confidence to show it off. 

Being short of cash she had agreed to work the Christmas day overtime shift at the restaurant, it was busy all day and when she finished there was taxi waiting outside. Thinking that her boss must have ordered it for her she got in completely oblivious to how much her life was about to change. 

The taxi was going nowhere near where Sarah lived and into the middle of nowhere.

"This isn't the way to my house" She said nervously

"Are you sure? I think it is" He replied with a grin

He pulled over on a dark country lane behind a white van and a huge black guy got out and walked towards the car approaching the back door, Sarah started to panic and despite her protests he easily managed to overpower her and quickly gag her, wrap her up in duct tape and put her in the van, she was shaking uncontrollably as the door slammed shut. 

The black guy was Lenny a powerful drug dealer and pimp with a fucked up mind and the power to get away with almost everything. He had kidnapped a few unfortunate young women over the years, used and abused them until he got bored then hook them on crack or heroin and put to them to work on the streets. But Lenny was getting bored of this same routine and needed to go further, he had always wondered if it was possible to transform a reserved and shy white girl into an obedient sex crazed live in pet and now he was going to do it. He had had his eye on Sarah for a few weeks now, getting one of his drug runners to follow her around. He found out she would be working on Christmas Day so he sent a taxi driver who owed him money to get her and bring her to the van to clear his debt.

Sarah had passed out in the back of the van on the long drive which gave Lenny time to get her inside. After cutting the tape he placed her in set of stirrups and managed to secure her wrists and ankles before quickly removing the tape from her mouth and forcing in a ball gag. He looked at her legs spread wide open with a big hairy muff and silently chuckled to himself.  

       
Sarah was crying hysterically through the gag as Lenny left the room she pulled at her bonds and realized she was going nowhere. He returned moments later with a bag which he placed on a table next to her.

"Do you smoke?"

She shuck her head No.

"You're going to" He said as he placed a nicotine patch on her shoulder.

"That's a Nicotine patch, if you didn't know they're meant to help smokers quit. But I like to use them on non-smokers like you to help you get started. You might feel a bit dizzy soon but it will pass and you will be used to it in a couple of days, then we can get you smoking for real. Now to time to get you ready for some sleep"

He shaved her pussy clean and applied a growth retardant cream, then started pushing a small butt plug in her ass, her eyes were so wide and her ass so tight he knew nothing had ever been up there before which gave him a hard on. After a few minutes it was in and he then hung a vibrator on a pole just about her pussy and placed it in such a way that if she moved her ass down to get away from the vibrator she put pressure on the plug and visa versa. Needless to say she had trouble sleeping.   

------------------------------------


26th December


Lenny entered and met a semi-conscious Sarah, he switched off the vibrator, removed the plug then returned to his bag and changed her nicotine patch before getting out some other items. He turned toward her with a syringe filled with a tranquilizer and she was out almost straight away. He got out his piercing equipment and started by piercing both nipples horizontally using stainless steel tubes in the holes which would allow the skin to grow around them keeping her holes open permanently and then repeated this process vertically behind the others. He punched a hole in her septum using a leather punch and placed a 50mm stainless steel grommet in the hole. He then pulled back the hood of her clit and pierced it with a thick U shaped barbell that held back the hood exposing the clit. Now for his favorite bit, he carefully laid a stainless steel plate over her slit and marked where to pierce her labia. He pierced each lip 3 times placing 10mm grommets in each hole and put a smaller stainless steel plate behind each with 3 posts on each side coming through her new holes. He carefully slid a stainless steel catheter into her then placed the top plate over them leaving the catheter tube dangling below and padlocked the the plate in place. There were two slots in the plate for her clit piercing to slid into which would be used to tease her and keep her on edge. He then forced a large custom butt plug in her ass, the plug was removable (if he allowed)and the catheter could attach to the center of the plug. Next her tongue was split down the middle like a snakes and pierced either side. Next was some permanent make-up, tattooing her lips bright red, eyelids green and giving her some eyeliner along with white contact lenses. Finally he applied some inch long bright red acrylic fingernails before taking a break. Later she was dressed from the neck down in a latex suit with holes for her crotch, ass and nipples then fitted with some lockable 6inch heels and a special gag that would be used for feeding her until she was allowed to wake up. She was then kept unconscious allowed to heal for the next few days.

--------------------------------------------- 

New years day

Sarah woke up groggily but it didn't take her long to realize she couldn't move, she was still in this nightmare. She moved her tongue around the gag and a got a shock when she realized it was split like a snakes and she could feel bits of metal in it, she looked down her body as best she could and saw the latex suit. She felt like she needed to shit but couldn't and she was bursting to piss and just had to let go. She instantly felt the burning in her ass and started hyper ventilating. Lenny saw the expression on her face and knew she had just discovered that she was pissing up her own ass.

Lenny stood laughing at her "Happy new year"

He had been changing her Nicotine patch daily and now she was healing up he decided to give her some real Nicotine. Lenny had a new a new addition to Sarah's nightmare he placed a gas mask over her head, the mask had a tube on the front about an inch wide and 8inches long. He removed a cork tipped Mayfair and placed it into a hole in the lid of the tube and removed yesterdays Nicotine patch. Sarah was breathing heavily when Lenny lit the cigarette and immediately started coughing violently for the first few inhales. She didn't get sick because she was already used to Nicotine from the patches but her throat felt like sand paper. The cigarette was soon finished and he made her smoke 2 more before removing the mask.

"Time to get you cleaned" he said as he moved a trolly with an enema bag over to the table. Removing the catheter tube from the butt plug and placing the enema nozzle in the same hole. He placed a small vibrator on her crotch plate and and attached it to the padlocks so it left the top of the vibrator leaning on her the two ends of her U shaped clit ring and turned it on. Sarah could do nothing but moan in pleasure, she still had no idea what Lenny had done to her pussy and at that moment she probably wouldn't have cared. 

Once she filled up he replaced the gas mask and watched her smoke another cigarette before putting in another and leaving her for an hour. She was in ecstasy the whole time, she unconsciously started thrusting her hips as much as her restraints would allow and by the time Lenny came back she was so horny and frustrated she didn't even notice another cigarette being placed in the mask. When that was finished he turned the vibrator off and lifted her head up, removed the mask and placed a collar around her neck then one at a time he removed her wrists from the restraints and cuffed them to rings on either side of the collar. After releasing her legs he helped her up and walked her over to a wetroom. She was unsteady on the heels which she was still unable to see because of the collar. Lenny removed her butt plug and told her let go, when she was finished her arse felt worryingly empty. He showered her before they returned to the main room. Once there he made her stand in middle of the room with her legs spread apart and pushed up against two steel rings bolted to the floor, after he attached her legs to the rings he dragged a table over and placed it in front of her, he forced her to bend over and held her down while he attached her collar to the table. He dropped his trousers revealing a thick 11" cock right in front of her eyes, she started hyper ventilating again, she stopped suddenly in shock when she felt Lenny's cock touch her arse hole and slowly start pushing in. After about ten minutes he loosened it up enough to get about half his cock in and get a slow rhythm going. He turned on the vibrator and Sarah's mind exploded with an overload of pleasurable feelings which lased for hours, well into the night but she wasn't able to orgasm, not once. By the time Lenny stopped she had was almost going crazy with frustration. 

End of part 1 