The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 15

Abbie was still in a haze after leaving her principal’s office for the second time that day. Apparently the principal had been fighting on her behalf, or at least on the behalf she perceived the girl to want, as her mother had told the principal that she was now a nudist. Unbelievably, the principal had somehow convinced the school board to allow Abbie to participate in her after school activities in the nude. Now she was slowly making her way through the empty hallways of the school, completely naked, unsure of what to do but head back outside for track practice. The whole thing felt surreal to the girl.

The only reason she had even ended up naked that afternoon was because of the little blonde, Lauren. She and a few of her friends on the track team had stripped Abbie naked, and then pushed her out of the locker room door to the outside. Abbie had been forced to run from them, and ended up running directly into her track coach. The coach had sent her to see the principal, where she had learned the distressing news.

Abbie had made a new resolution on the way in, one that had cost her to a great extent. She had decided that if she was going to be forced to be nude, then she was going to do it with poise and grace from now on. She had marched confidently through the front lawn of the school to the front entrance, even with a small gaggle of her fellow students there to witness her nudity. The principal had witnessed this as well, from her office window, seeing the determination of the nude girl in the face of such adversity. It convinced her right then that fighting for Abbie’s right to be a nudist on school grounds was of utmost importance.

Even now, walking through the hallways of her school without a stitch on, a large part of Abbie wanted to stick with her new resolve. Even if just because it had helped her cope with the unending embarrassment she normally felt while being naked. A million different thoughts were running through her head. Soon she would be facing her track team once again, naked. A little shiver went up her spine particularly when she thought about the little blonde bitch who had caused all of this today.

Before her anger could even start building, she was interrupted by a voice behind her. “Abbie? Abigale?”

“Miss Honey?” Abbie abruptly stopped, slowly turning to come face to face with one of her teachers from last year, the 7th grade health teacher.

“Abbie, are you alright?” The young woman asked, looking the nude girl up and down with concern. Instinctively, Abbie wanted to cover her nakedness, embarrassed to be seen by another person like this. Soon however, the tingling sensation in her nether region returned, reminding her of the walk she had made just minutes ago at the front of the school.

She stood up straight, repressing any feelings of shame, her new determination fully overtaking her for the moment. “Yes, I’m perfectly alright.” Abbie replied. “I’ve recently become a nudist, and the school is now allowing me to participate in all after school activities in the nude.”

“I see.” The teacher said, “How long have you been a nudist?”

“For a few days. It’s kinda a long story. It was my mom’s idea originally.”

“Really? Your mom? I’d love to hear all about it if you have the time.”

“Actually, I was just on my way back to track practice.” Abbie pointed back over her shoulder.

“Well then might you be able to hear me out for a request? It will only take a minute.” The woman said, giving the naked girl a bright smile.

“Sure.” Abbie followed her into her classroom, wondering what her former teacher could want with her.

The teacher clicked around on her computer for a bit, until her printer started spitting out pages. “I’ve sent a few of these form letters out to some of my previous students' parents the last few weeks, but I haven’t received very many responses.” The woman picked up the paper, folding it and putting it into an envelope for Abbie. “I’ll just give you the quick version. You can read the form letter later. On Friday afternoon we’re holding a special voluntary class on female sexuality. I hadn’t thought of you as a good candidate, because of the views I remember your mother having. As I recall she almost pulled you from my class completely last year. Anyway, if things with her have changed to such an extent, and since you are now a nudist, I think you’d be a perfect candidate to model for the class.” She held out the letter to Abbie.

Abbie took the letter, raising one eyebrow in curiosity. “What exactly would I have to do? Who would this class be for?”

“You would merely be a living model of the nude female form, just as you are now, and hopefully one of many examples of the progression of puberty. I hope to have a wide age range of other girls, along with a few adult women volunteers as well. Any of the seventh graders who get permission from their parents to attend would observe the class.”

“I see.” Abbie looked down at the letter, unsure what she should do. “I’ll think about it.”

“Thank you, Abbie. If you do decide to participate, please have your mom sign the permission form and return it to me as soon as possible. And if you can think of any other girls that might be interested and willing to model for the class, please send them my way. ”

As Abbie continued her walk back to the locker room, she did have to admit to herself she knew quite a number of girls going naked now. Whether they’d be willing to volunteer for something like that, however, was another matter entirely. She realized volunteering for something like this would go a long way towards proving she wasn’t ashamed of being nude. She couldn’t believe she was actually thinking about participating. Well, she did know if her mother ever caught wind of this, she would probably be forced to do it anyway. Might as well volunteer and get the accolade from her mom for it.

While being naked, or thought of as a nudist, hadn’t been her choice, she was becoming determined to show that it did not bother her anymore. Especially to Lauren. She was bound to make it impossible for anyone to ridicule her for being naked anymore. Going back out to the track with a look of total confidence would go a long way in accomplishing that. She began walking with a renewed purpose, breaking free from her stupor and holding her head high again, no longer feeling completely afraid of what the others might say.

She put the letter in her gym locker. She was surprised to see all of her clothes, along with her backpack actually placed neatly inside. She figured Lauren wouldn’t have the decency to keep her things safe. As much as she thought about putting her clothes back on right there, her determination forced her to close the locker and latch the lock. As far as she was concerned now, and what everyone else was about to learn, she didn’t need her clothes anymore.

She hesitated for just a moment, when her hand reached for the door handle outside. “Ok, Abbie.” She spoke to herself, a bit skeptical even of her own voice. “It’s no big deal. The principal’s given you permission. She wouldn’t have done that if it wasn’t alright. They’ve already seen you anyway, so there’s really no reason to worry.” She said, trying to psych herself up. “And they can’t make fun of you if it doesn’t bother you! Now get out there and knock them dead!”

Heart again full of conviction, she threw the door open and marched out to the track field. The majority of the team was split up, busy practicing their own events. A lot of them were too busy to even notice the naked girl approaching at first. It wasn’t until she arrived at the track that anyone acknowledged her.

Lauren and a few other girls were all practicing their sprints together, and were the first to spot the naked girl. Lauren pointed, and they all gave an uproarious laughter, until the coach gave them a look like they better shut up.

“Hi, coach.” Abbie addressed the man with a smile, standing at his side, wondering what he must be thinking about this whole situation.

Coach Wood just gave the nude girl a stern look, before blowing his whistle, getting everyone’s attention “Alright everyone! Gather 'round for a minute!” He waited for everyone to be close enough before continuing. “As you can all see, Larson has decided to make a change in her life. For those of you that don’t know, she’s become a nudist. She has made a special request, and the school has granted her permission to continue her lifestyle in certain situations. One of those is while she is practicing.” He paused to let the information sink in.

"You mean Abbie's going to be naked for track?" One of the boys eventually spoke up with an astonished tone. He looked around at his other teammates with a wide grin on his face at the idea. Everyone else seemed to be just as astonished or excited as he was.

"Yes, that's exactly what I mean." The coach responded gruffly, hoping not to lose control of the students.

Blake gave Abbie a confused and worried look at the news, but she just nodded her head at him, giving him a half smile.

The coach continued, “I don’t expect this will cause any problems for any of you!” He said, forcefully. “Abbie still deserves the same amount of respect we’ve always given her. If I do find out any of you has made trouble for her, then you will immediately be off the team! No questions! Is that clear!”

“Yes coach!” Everyone yelled.

“Good. Then get back to practice!” He waited for everyone to start leaving before saying, “Moss, I want to speak with you for a minute.” Blake came back over, standing near his naked girlfriend. “Is what the blonde girl said true? Gardner, I mean? You’re used to being around Larson?” He seemed to be stumbling over his words now, trying to keep his focus on Blake instead of the naked girl. "While she's nude I mean."

“Yes sir.” Blake answered, unsure of the reason for his question.

“Good. I need you to shadow Larson then until further notice.” He paused, trying to make sure to keep his gaze directed at Abbie’s face. “I’d feel better if you at least had someone keeping an eye on you. I don’t want to offend you, but I can’t be everywhere at once out here. I’m sure you can take care of yourself...”

“No coach. That’s perfect.” Abbie said, happy that someone was trying to look out for her. “Blake will be great. He’s used to me being nude.” She gave her boyfriend a happy smile.

“Good.” He looked down at his watch. “Practice is almost over anyway. Why don’t you two just run a few laps and then hit the showers.” He said, before walking over to give some instruction to one of the other students.

They started a slow jog around the track, as they were told to do. Once they were effectively alone, Blake felt like he could finally ask what was really going on. “So, you’re a nudist now?”

“Yup.” Abbie answered. “At least that’s what the principal believes after this morning's meeting with my mom.”

“But that’s not true. Your mom’s just forcing you to go naked.” Blake said, getting a little angry for his girlfriend.

“Look. I can either keep trying to fight this, or I can accept it and move on with my life. My mom wants me to be a nudist, so I’m gonna be the best damn nudist I can be!”

He looked at her with surprise. “Wow, really? Where’s this coming from? You were so mad when you told me about your math class.”

“I guess I got a little inspiration. They can’t make fun of me if it doesn’t bother me, remember?”

He felt flattered that his words could have such an effect on her. “Yeah. You’re right.” He smiled.

She smiled back at him, before getting a pensive look. “How do you feel about it?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, everyone on the team has seen your girlfriend naked now. Is that really ok for you?” She looked away from him, hoping her relationship wasn’t over before it had even had a chance to get started. “I’d understand if you don’t…”

He grabbed her hand, stopping her in place. “You’re worried about how I feel?” He gave her a grin. “Of course, I still want to be with you, Abbie.”

She grabbed him in a hug around his shoulders, and smiled a big smile at him. “Thanks, Blake.” She held him tightly for a moment, closing her eyes and laying her head on his chest.

“Abbie, maybe we shouldn’t…” He said, looking around and realizing most of the others were staring at them now. “Everyone’s looking at us.”

“Oh! Sorry.” Abbie let go of the hug, giving him a self-conscious blush, before they continued their jogging.

After about a minute, Blake broke the silence. “So, your mom got the school to change the rules then?”

“Not exactly. Apparently Principal Bruster spent the whole day on the phone convincing the school board to give me permission. I had no idea she was gonna do it. I thought she was just trying to keep my mom calm by saying she would try. I was completely shocked when she said I could attend after school activities nude.”

“So principal Bruster is forcing you to do this?” He asked with some concern.

“I wouldn’t say she’s forcing me.” Abbie let out a little sigh. “It’s just with the way she was talking, I thought it would be better if I just went along with it. She seemed so enthusiastic about getting me permission to do this, that I didn’t feel like I could let her down.”

“Oh.” He responded, not quite sure what to make of the situation. He didn’t understand why if Abbie didn’t want to be a nudist, she didn’t just make that clear with the principal. “What was the deal when you first came out here then? Before the coach sent you to see the principal? You seemed a lot more freaked out then than you are now.”

“Lauren, of course. Her and a few of the other girls stripped me and forced me outside. Then they started chasing me down. I didn’t plan to come out here like this.”

“Why don’t you tell the coach that?” He asked, feeling enraged at the little blonde girl.

“Maybe I should, but she still has that sound recording of me. At least now all everyone thinks of me is that I’m a nudist. What would they end up thinking of me if they heard that? Especially after today?”

“Good point.” He frowned. “We need to do something about her.”

“I know, but what?”

He didn’t really have any ideas, feeling terrible for his girlfriend. “So, you’re just going to be a nudist from now on, even though you don’t really want to?”

“I guess.” She answered, furrowing her brow. “I mean, it’s not been all as bad as I first thought it would be.” She had to admit, both to him and to herself.

They didn’t get to finish their conversation, as the coach began blowing his whistle and yelling, “Everyone hit the showers!”

All the other girls, along with Abbie, were soon inside their respective locker room. The coach might have said to hit the showers, but none of the girls ever really followed that advice, choosing to shower at home where it was more private.

Lauren and her other friends blocked Abbie’s way before she could get past the showers, and over to her locker. “So, you’re really a nudist now huh?” She gave the nude girl a smug smirk, knowing she was practically responsible for Abbie being in this mess today.

Again, Abbie pushed away any feelings of embarrassment, instead focusing in on her arousal to give her strength like she had done earlier at the front of the school. Being naked in front of her entire track team had greatly boosted her arousal. “Yep, that’s right.” She simply replied, putting on a smile of her own.

Lauren had been expecting to see her much more upset and ashamed, and redoubled her effort to get under her skin. “Well, then maybe you’d like to hit the showers again. Like Coach said to do.” She replied, annoyance creeping into her voice now.

Abbie thought about it for a moment, but realized she didn’t have a towel to dry with. Then she thought, what the heck, I can just walk home naked and air dry anyway. She gave the blonde girl her own smug smirk, before bending down to untie her shoes, and quickly slipped them off, along with her socks. Then she strolled over to one of the showers, flipped the lever so it would be nice and warm, and stepped into the spray, making sure not to wet her hair. She gave the other girls a self-satisfied grin, before saying, “Well, aren’t you girls going to join me?” The frustration apparent on Lauren’s face was worth every bit of what the nude girl had been through the last few days.

Lauren, pretty pissed at this point, didn’t know what to say, and quickly turned with her tail tucked between her legs, heading to her locker. The other girls also followed suit, each giving the nudist girl a small scowl before they left.

Abbie quickly rinsed off the little bit of sweat from her short run. No reason to take a full-blown shower, she thought. She just shut off the water and used her hands to squeegee away the majority of the water from her nude body before heading to her own locker.

Feeling good about herself, and how she had finally managed to get one up on Lauren, Abbie had a swagger about her as she made her way through the locker room to her gym locker. The other girls all took notice of her, and how she seemed to be dripping with confidence.

As she was undoing the lock to her locker, the little blonde girl once again snuck up behind her, determined to get the nude girl to crack. “If you’re such a big brave nudist now, then you won’t mind walking out of here completely naked.” Lauren gave her an evil smirk.

Abbie had to suppress a chuckle, already having decided to do that earlier. She already had everything she needed packed in her bookbag, so threw one of the straps over her shoulder, and slammed her locker shut, before giving the blonde girl a small shrug. “That’s true.” and she walked away, not paying any more mind to the girl. All of the other girls, including Lauren, watched on in shock, wonder, and bewilderment as she exited the locker room into the main halls of the school wearing nothing but a smile.

As she walked through the hallway, Abbie really began to get a kick out of all this. Every time she would pass one of the errant students or teachers still left in the school, she would get a thrill at the way they would end up turning all of their attention to her. That attention was also having another effect, one that she was really beginning to enjoy. She could feel little electric tingles in her nether regions, and by the time she had made it to the front of the school, she could definitely feel the wetness down there.

It only took Abbie another minute to exit her school. She and Blake always walked home together, and even with her new found attitude, walking home alone while completely naked didn’t sound appealing to her at the moment. Heading over towards the area she normally met him, she leaned up against the wall, getting a little shiver from it. Even after finding this new attitude, there were still some parts of being completely naked she wasn’t used to.

All of a sudden, she could see Lauren marching right up to her from her peripheral vision. She just turned to smirk at the girl, waiting for what she had to say now. “Abbie! You’re coming with me when my sister gets here to pick me up!” The blonde demanded.

“And why would I do that?” Abbie continued to smirk at the girl, getting a little high from the look of frustration on the girl's face.

Lauren pulled her phone out of her pocket, waving it in Abbie’s face. “You didn’t forget about the pictures I have of you, did you? If you don’t do what I say I’m going to send these out to everyone in our class!”

“Go ahead!” Abbie fired back. “I’m a nudist now. What do I care if people see some pictures of me jogging naked?”

“You might want to think that through.” Lauren said, her tone turning malicious. “I still have that recording of you confessing to getting turned on by being naked too. If it gets out, what will everyone think about you demanding to be a nudist then?”

Abbie felt herself going numb. She knew if that recording ever got out, everyone would think of her as some kind of sexual deviant, who had demanded to go naked just for her own selfish pleasure. She was about to respond in defeat, knowing the little blonde had somehow beaten her again, and let her know she was willing to do whatever it took to keep that recording from becoming public.

“I think you’re the one who might want to think things through!” Blake suddenly stepped between the girls, staring down Lauren. “If that recording gets out, I’ll make sure Coach Wood knows you’re the one responsible for its existence. You’d be kicked off of the team for sure.”

Lauren looked at the two with wide eyes and total frustration, knowing she wasn’t going to win this battle. She just clicked her tongue, slinking away in defeat from the two.

Abbie came closer, grabbing her boyfriend in a celebratory hug, exclaiming, “Oh my god, that was AMAZING!” She was in complete jubilation, giving a wide smile to Blake. “Whoooo!” She shouted out.

Lauren tried getting one last dig in, yelling at them from across the parking lot, “How does it feel, Abbie! Everyone in school is gonna know you’re a nudist now! Everyone on the team has seen you naked!”

Abbie just spun around, flipping the double bird at the blonde girl behind her back, before leaning into her boyfriend’s shoulder. “It feels pretty damn great.” She said to him, smiling.

*****

“Oh, uh, Adam. Hello!” Lilly gave a small giggle as she came through the basement door.

Adam, Sam, and Hope were all still curled up on the living room couch together after their threesome. Adam gave a blush to his blonde classmate as he got up and quickly slipped on his boxer shorts, letting her glimpse his fully bare body for a few fleeting moments. “I almost forgot you guys were here.” He gave a sheepish grin to both Lilly and Cody.

“We, uh, were just on our way out.” Cody replied, a bit flustered at seeing one of his best friends in such a compromising position.

“Ah, really?” Adam said, continuing to put on the rest of his clothes. “I was gonna see if it was alright with my mom to invite you guys to dinner.”

“Sorry Adam. It’s porkchop night at home, and I’m not missing that.” Cody explained, and then turned to Lilly to ask, “Say, do you want to come have dinner with me? Us, I mean? At my house?” He blushed, still not sure of their relationship status.

“Sure.” Lilly answered with a smile, and started to collect her clothing.

“Oh, I can carry those for you.” Cody offered, extending his arms to receive the blonde girl’s clothes.

Lilly had planned to get dressed before leaving the house, but Cody’s offer was so sweet and polite, she felt like she couldn’t turn him down. “Oh, thank you, Cody.” She blushed, handing her clothes over, realizing she would be making another walk through the neighborhood without a stitch on, in broad daylight this time.

“Alright, see you guys later.” Cody said. Everyone gave them their goodbyes as Lilly and Cody left through the front door.

“Lilly saw you naked!” Sam teased Adam as he came back into the living room after seeing the two out.

Adam rolled his eyes at his friend saying, “Whatever.” as both girls giggled at him. He gave Sam a little smirk, and teased her back with, “I’m still waiting to hear just why you shaved off all your hair down there.” and he pointed down at her bald slit.

That stopped Sam’s laughing, and she mumbled out, “I… Ummm…” before completely clamming up, turning a deep crimson red in embarrassment.

On the other hand, Hope was brought into a complete fit of giggles at the two’s banter, struggling to get her words out. “Cause Adam, others are way more interested in using their tongue down there when you’re bare!” She opened her legs wide, pointing to her own bald pubic mound. Both Adam and Sam burst out laughing at that, joining in the giggle fit of the blonde girl.

“It’s a good thing they came up when they did.” Adam said after a minute, looking over at the clock. “The twins are supposed to be home soon. After what happened yesterday, it would have been a disaster if they had found me like that.”

“What happened yesterday?” Hope asked.

“Well, I kinda walked in on Madeline and Morgan trying to give Timmy and Patrick a BJ.” Adam explained.

“Madeline!? But she’s so young! Where would she get an idea like that?” Sam squinted her eyes at her male friend, figuring he was at least partially responsible.

“Wait. Slow down. Who are we talking about?” Hope asked.

“The twins, Timmy and Madeline. They are my younger brother and sister. And the other two are the kids from next door. Patrick is their age and goes to school with them. Morgan is his older sister, and a year ahead of them in school.” Adam laid everything out for Hope. “And I have no idea where they would have gotten an idea like that.”

“Uh huh.” Sam folded her arms underneath her bare breasts, still giving him an accusatory look.

“Anyway, I told them to come back over here today for a punishment, but I haven’t really had much time to think about how to punish them.” Adam pursed his lips, trying to think up something on the spot. “I guess I could give them each a spanking, unless you girls have any ideas.”

“Come on. What they did wasn’t bad enough to deserve a spanking. They were just having a little fun.” Hope came to their defense. “Besides, we just got done doing the same thing.”

“Yeah, that’s true!” Sam gave Adam an angry glare. “How can you justify punishing them for the same thing we just did?”

“It’s not that I really want to punish them, guys. It’s just that Maddie, and especially Timmy, are really bad at keeping secrets from my mom. If my mom ever found out, I know she would throw her biggest fit ever. Honestly, I just want to scare them a little so they are more careful. And if my mom ever does find out, at least I can say I already punished them for it.”

“I have an idea for you, if you want to hear it.” Hope gave a little sly smile, and started explaining her plan.

It wasn’t too much longer before the younger kids arrived. Madeline, as usual, was quick to shed her clothing, now completely preferring being nude. Morgan was slower in getting undressed, but soon had her pink overalls, t-shirt, and panties off, displaying her small budding bosom and her wispy pubic hair to the group.

Once the girls were properly undressed, Adam took charge of the scene. “I’m glad you’re all here. It’s now time for you to face your punishment for what you all did yesterday afternoon. I want you four to line up here.” He pointed to the spot in front of him, and the younger kids all scrambled to get in line, not wanting to be in any more trouble than they already were.

“Please, Adam. We promise we’ll be good from now on.” Madeline gave her older brother a puppy dog look.

“I know Madeline, but you all still need to be punished for what you did. Now, before we get started, can any of you tell me what exactly it was that you did that was wrong?”

“Ummm… We gave the boys, uh, blow… blowjobs.” Morgan answered in a small voice.

“No, Morgan, that’s not right. Anyone else want to try answering?” They all just gave him blank or confused looks, so he continued. “You boys are in trouble for exposing your private parts to the girls at an age where they are too young and it is inappropriate for them to see such things.” Sam had explained it was important for the younger kids to know just exactly what they were in trouble for. “And you girls encouraged the boys to expose themselves in front of you with the promise of sexual pleasure in return.”

“If mom had been the one who found you, you all know the punishment would have been swift and severe. Lucky for you it was me instead. The girls and I have come up with a fitting punishment for your transgression. Do what they tell you just the same as if it was me telling you what to do.”

Hope stepped forward, ready to play her part. “Ok boys. Lie down! Backs on the floor, with your heads meeting in the middle!” She had seen Karen acting as a little drill instructor enough to know how to copy it. The boys were both startled at the sudden yelling, scrambling in a panic to get into the position she demanded.

“Ok girls. Come and stand with your feet on either side of their heads.” Sam didn’t yell, but was much more forceful in her tone to the girls then she normally would have been.

“Now squat down so that your little pussies are right above their mouths!” This time it was the girls who were startled by Hope’s forcefulness.

“Boys, your job is to lick the girl’s pussies until we tell you to stop. Girls, you need to make sure that neither one of you moves from that position.” Sam explained.

“Now lick!” Hope demanded.

Each boy took a few tentative swipes of their tongues at their respective girl’s nether regions. “Tastes weird.” Timmy complained, after tasting Morgan's juices for the first time.

“Yeah, like a weird penny.” Patrick added, scrunching up his face with a sour look.

“I didn’t tell you to talk! I said LICK!” Hope gave one final order, and the boy's tongues were soon buried in each girls’ slits.

The teens had ended up finding the perfect mix of punishment and pleasure to teach the younger kids a lesson. The boys were both forced to strain their necks in order to reach their tongues up to the girls’ slits, and the girls’ position was even worse. Their legs were straining after a few minutes of squatting, and with the attack on their sensitive little pussies, it was becoming harder and harder for them to hold still.

It became even worse as Patrick found Madeline's little clit and couldn't stop himself from running his tongue over it again and again. Morgan's situation was even more excruciating when Timmy found her protruding clitoris, being older, it was a slightly larger target and even more sensitive than the younger girl's. Both girls were on the cusp of falling over until they grabbed each other's forearms to support themselves and help keep each other upright.

Both girls were on shaky legs now, and having a hard time holding themselves up, inching closer and closer to the boy’s faces. While it made the job of the boys easier, it was coming to the point where both girls would soon be sitting on the boy’s faces, but Hope was there to put a stop to that too. “Keep those butts up, girls!” She yelled, giving a smack to both girls’ bottoms. Both girls strained, but got themselves back into the proper squatting position.

Timmy figured the punishment would be over once they got the girls to orgasm. Using the knowledge, he had learned over the last few days with his twin sister, he focused his tongue on Morgan’s engorged little clit, hoping his tongue would work as good as his fingers to accomplish that.

In fact, Madeline was the first of the two girls to cum. She started convulsing in pleasure, this time completely losing her balance and ended up sitting down on Patrick’s chest. Hope was right there, pulling her back up by the hips, saying, “Keep going!”

Patrick gave her a confused and surprised look, but a mean look from the older girl had him right back to licking little Madeline’s slit. Again, his tongue ended up on her clit, and she cried out in a mixture of pleasure and irritation, feeling like her little clit was too sensitive right now to be touched. “Oooohhhhooowww!”

Hope was still there, to hold her in place. They knew the girls would need a little help staying put once they started cumming. Sam was already there to hold Morgan, when she felt her own first release. She shook as much as her young friend from her orgasm, but with Sam holding her around her hips, never even received a moment's reprieve. Timmy’s tongue continued attacking her over-sensitive clit the entire time.

“AHHH! OHHH! AHHAHH!” Both girls were becoming quivering messes. It was to the point that the older girls were holding up all of their weight.

“PLEASE! NO MORE! I CAN’T… AHHHHAHAHAHAH!” Morgan begged, just as she started feeling her third orgasm. The older teens had all agreed they would continue this until the girls said they could take no more. With Adam’s help, Sam moved the young girl over to the couch to catch her breath and regain her senses.

Madeline didn’t wait too long to also start begging. “OH! PLEASE! IT’S TOO MUCH!” Hope took that as her que, depositing the youngest girl next to her friend.

“Ok. Your punishment is over.” Adam said. The young boys got up, both rubbing their strained necks to get the kinks out. “I hope you’ve all learned a valuable lesson.”

“Hold on.” Hope spoke up. Commanding the youngsters had provoked her own arousal. She could certainly understand Karen a little better now. “I think we might be letting the boys off a little too lightly.”

“What do you mean?” Adam asked her with confusion. They had all agreed on the punishment, but now he was getting worried she was going to take this too far.

“There’s two more girls here for these little miscreants to lick.” She answered.

Both boys gave her a put off look, as their necks still hurt from holding them up for so long, and Sam gave a similar look to the idea.

“Come on. It won’t be so bad this time.” Hope came over and grabbed Patrick’s hand, leading him a few steps to the other side of the room. Then she got down on the floor, spreading her legs out in front of her and leaned back on her elbows. “See. Now you just lie down on your stomach in between my legs and get to work.” She smiled up at the boy.

Patrick looked down at her, particularly her slit just peaking open at him. She did look enticing, he felt, even if he couldn’t quite put the words together in his head. He wasn’t sure why, but there was nothing more that he wanted to do at that moment, so didn’t hesitate for even a second more in following her command.

“Ooh! Ahh!” Hope said in pleasure. “A little higher.” She gestured to her clit. “Yeah, that’s it!” She said, ecstasy starting to take her over. “Come on Sam!” She said through her baited breath. “The other little guy needs a partner too!”

Sam looked over at Timmy with a blush. It would be pretty awkward, she thought, her friend’s younger brother doing something like that to her. She also, however, felt a tingle down there that excited her. It wasn't long before she found herself taking Timmy’s hand, and copying the actions of the other teen girl until she was lying side by side with Hope on the floor.

Timmy got down in between the older girl’s legs without even being prompted. Patrick seemed to be having a good time this time, so felt no real reluctance to join him. “Tastes different.” He commented, before dipping his tongue back into the older girl’s slit.

“Good or bad!?” Sam asked with a bit of concern, wondering if letting him do this was a big mistake.

He looked up at her, shrugging his shoulders, and said, “I don’t know. Just different.” He smiled before bringing his mouth back down, this time using his tongue on her clit.

Over on the couch, the two recovering girls, along with Adam, were observing the action. “Are you girls, ok?”

“Yeah… I think so.” Morgan answered, still getting her bearings back under herself.

“Adam… That was… Amazing!” Madeline was still slightly out of breath. “My legs feel like jelly, but I want to try that again sometime!” She gave a satisfied smile at her older brother.

“You…?” Adam shook his head in amusement at his little sister. “You understand that was supposed to be a punishment?”

“Well next time we’ll do it that way.” She pointed to the older girls lying on the floor, as if it was plainly obvious that’s what she had been talking about.

After only a few more minutes, the teen girls were writhing around on the floor, reaching their wanted release. Sam was really enjoying her second experience with this pleasurable act. Hope was the better of the two, she had to admit, but there was something in particular about having a boy please her in this way that excited her to her core. Almost like he was worshiping her or something. Being nude didn’t seem so bad to her anymore, if it meant she would be receiving this kind of attention all the time.

Once the two younger boys had gotten up from the floor, Madeline immediately came over to them, saying with exuberance, “Our turn again!” and gave them a large grin.

“Aww, Maddie. My tongue is sore!” Timmy complained.

“Yeah, give us a break!” Patrick added.

“Alright. Alright.” Adam stepped in. “That’s enough for now. Why don’t you guys take a break and do your homework.” He grabbed Madeline’s book bag and handed it to her, turned her towards the stairs, and gave her bare butt a little swat. Madeline just laughed, quickly getting free of her brother’s grip and rushing up the stairs. The two boys along with Morgan were also soon headed up the stairs.

“I think that went well.” Adam said to the two girls still lying on the floor, offering them each a hand back to their feet.

“Yeah. I think they learned their lesson.” Hope said, giggling the whole time. “You’re a really good big brother, Adam.”

“Aw, whatever.” Adam blushed, not used to such praise. “I think we should get going on our homework too.” He added, trying to change the subject.

“No, it’s true.” Sam added, surprising him. Their friendship had always been more of a mix of friendliness and rivalry. “I’m sure none of them are going to forget this punishment” she made air quotes, “for a long time.”

“Oh, umm, thanks.” Despite his embarrassment, he couldn’t help getting a smile on his face.

“And if you keep playing your cards right, we’ll have to keep rewarding you.” Hope licked her lips seductively, glancing down at his crotch.

Adam was about to respond in surprise, but Sam cut him off before he could speak. “But first, homework.”

*****

All along her walk home, Abbie was feeling a triumphant high at getting one over on the little blonde. Even the shocked and confused faces of the people she passed by couldn’t bring the nude girl down, as she walked hand in hand with her boyfriend. For the first time since she had been forced to go naked, she was actually feeling the sense of freedom it was meant to bring.

Things didn’t change as they neared Blake’s house, even when they were approached by one of their classmates. Claire had already seen Abbie going nude the previous morning. She felt a sense of curious excitement as she greeted the nude girl. “Wow! Now you’re walking home like this too? You really are a nudist. Aren’t you?”

“Well…” Abbie gave a sly smile to Blake, wondering if she should reveal what else had happened that day. “That’s not all. I also just spent the last twenty minutes or so of track practice going completely nude.”

“Oh my God! Really!?” Claire was almost at a loss of words at hearing that news. “The school is allowing you to go naked!?”

“Just during after school activities.” Abbie answered. “Principal Bruster got the school board to change the rules for me.”

“I knew it!” Claire declared confidently. “I knew there must be a reason for what you did in second period!”

“You heard about that?”

“Yeah. News travels fast. Others were saying you did it to get attention or ‘cause you were a perv or something. I know you only did it because you were protesting being forced to wear clothes. I’ve been defending you all day, telling everyone you’re a nudist, and that’s the real reason you did it.”

Abbie didn’t respond verbally, just giving a small head nod. Blake noticed the puzzling look on her face and quickly stepped in, “We’ll, uh, see you later, Claire.” taking her hand again, and leading her towards his house.

“Alright. Have a good day you two!” Claire said, completely oblivious to the demeanor of the nude girl having changed. “You are so brave, Abbie! I wish I could be as brave as you.” She added as they walked away.

Once the two were safely in Blake’s home, away from anyone else that might bother them, he felt like he could finally ask her how she was really doing. “Are you ok?”

Abbie stood there for a moment, contemplating how to answer. “Yes… No… I don’t know… Between Lauren and Claire, everyone is going to hear about me being a nudist. I just feel like I’ve passed the point of no return. After today, everyone’s just going to know me as that nudist girl. You know?”

“I’m sorry, Abbie.” He took a couple steps towards her to embrace her in a hug, in order to comfort her.

Abbie held her hand up in front of her, stopping him before he could complete the hug. “No, it’s nothing to be sorry about. I need to get this off my chest before it eats me alive.” He took a step back, looking at her with confusion. “I’m sick of lying… I’m sick of lying to everyone, to you, but especially to myself. I need to be honest. There is a part of me that likes this. That really, really likes this.” She turned, walking over to stand at the side of the couch, looking back over her shoulder at him. “Maybe I am a perv like Claire was saying, ‘cause I do like being naked in front of people. It was scary, and a little embarrassing at first, but the truth is that it turns me on like nothing else.” She spread her legs open, about shoulder width apart, and grabbed the armrest with both hands. “In fact, it’s the only thing that really helped me get through today. I enjoy being naked in front of people, because it turns me on.” She pursed her lips for a second before continuing. “And being turned on helps me to suppress the embarrassment I would normally feel about being naked.”

“What are you getting at?” He asked, bewildered.

“Being naked in front of you turns me on way more than being naked in front of anyone else! It’s exciting, and thrilling, and the way you look at me all the time makes me feel so horny!” She bent herself over the armrest of the couch at the waist, presenting herself to him. “And I’m so turned on now I feel like I’m gonna burst! Please, Blake! Please! I need you to touch me!”

Seeing her in such a state, and hearing her true feelings about being nude in front of him, Blake practically began drooling. She was presenting herself in almost the same way she had been on Sunday morning, during her punishment when he had first seen her naked. Discovering her like that would be permanently burned into his memory forever. He had wanted to touch her so badly that morning, and now he was being given the opportunity with no threat of interruption. His erect penis throbbed as he slowly began stroking her dripping pussy from behind.

“Ooooohhhh… God… Yes!” Abbie began to moan as her needs were finally being met. For practically the whole day, she had been yearning for this release, and now she was going to get it. She knew after yesterday, she wanted more than just his touch. “Please, Blake! I want you inside of me! No, I need you inside of me!” She was practically begging.

Blake started to undo his pants, but then thought better of it, and quickly headed for the stairs. “Where are you going!?” Abbie called to him in frustration.

“To get some protection!” He called back to her.

“Smart!” She smiled to herself.

Blake was back in a flash, carrying with him a couple of condoms his father had recently given him. His dad had told him he should wait until he was a full-grown adult before having sex, but if he did end up going against his wishes, to at least always use protection. Blake had his pants undone and around his ankles in no time, and put the condom on while Abbie stared back at him with lust filled eyes. He felt almost no resistance as his rock-hard cock entered her hole, she was so wet at that point.

This time was completely different from yesterday. Yesterday they had made love. Their first time being about showing their true feelings to one another. Today, however, they both fully gave into their lust, almost devolving into wild animals as Blake thrust into Abbie from behind. Abbie didn’t last long, starting to cum almost immediately from the way she had been worked up the last few hours. Blake didn’t make it too much longer either, feeling immense pleasure from the way her pelvic muscles were gripping him.

They both ended up on the couch, Abbie leaning herself on him as they both tried to catch their breath. They both almost fell asleep, but Blake was cognizant enough to know just how much trouble they would be in if either of his parents ended up finding them like that. He managed to sit himself upright, and smiled down to the beautiful naked girl still trying to recover next to him. “How you feeling now?”

Abbie looked at him with a content smirk. “Wow, amazing!”

“I’m glad I could be of service.” He joked.

“Me too.” She laughed along with him.

“Part of me still finds it hard to believe you were actually naked during track practice today.”

“I know.” She responded, still feeling the surrealness herself.

“And that you’ll be doing track naked from now on too.” He added.

“Yeah…” She pursed her lips, contemplating the reality of that.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing, I guess. I guess the reality of what I’ve done is actually starting to hit me.” A panicked look spread across her face. “Blake, I’m not a nudist! Why the hell did I ever agree to go along with this?!” She bolted up off the couch, and started pacing back and forth in front of him.

“Abbie, calm down.”

“Don’t tell me to calm down! I’ve got to spend all of practice tomorrow like this!” She gestured at her nude body. “I’m so fucked!”

He got up from the couch and grabbed her shoulders. “Abbie! Abbie! I know you’re freaked out, but you’re scaring me.”

She grabbed a tight hug around him, pressing her bare skin to his, and buried her face in his chest. “I don’t know what to do.” She gave a little sob. All of a sudden, she felt something pushing against her tummy and looked down to see what it was. Despite the tension of the situation, Blake couldn’t help getting aroused again with their bodies pressed together like that. She looked up at him and he gave her an apologetic look. Her eyes glanced down again, and then back up, and she gave him an almost perturbed smile, then burst out laughing. That was all it took to break her from the terror she had been feeling just moments ago.

They both fell back down on the couch, still hugging, and laughing hysterically. It took them a few minutes to calm themselves down. An idea popped into Abbie’s head right then, seeing Blake's half erection in front of her. “Of course! I only started freaking out ‘cause all my horniness was gone.” She said, triumphantly.

“Huh?” He looked at her, feeling totally lost now.

“Cause we, well you know. And I got off. So, I wasn’t turned on anymore.” She looked down at his lap, admiring his privates. “This helps a bit.” She took his cock into her hand, stroking it with her thumb gently.

“Mmmm.” He smiled at her, enjoying her touch. “But my parents could be home any time. I’m not sure you should be doing that now.” He explained, even as his cock was rising back to full harness.

“Just let me enjoy this for a minute to get my confidence back.” She said, staring intently at his hard appendage in her hand.

He gave a little chuckle. “Fine, but it’s not like I can just whip this out for you every time you start feeling self-conscious.”

She gave a giggle of her own, imagining what that would be like. “Yeah, I’m sure the coach would have something to say about that. Man, why did I ever go along with this?” She shook her head, almost as if she were amused with her own stupidity.

“So, you really have to be nude for all after school activities?”

“Yup.” She answered, and his cock gave a little twitch that amused her. “I suppose you like the idea of that.”

“Well…” He blushed, feeling a little guilty for enjoying something that was causing her so much conflict.

“It’s alright. I’m sure I’d be enjoying it if you were the one running around naked all the time.”

“So, if you have to be naked for all afterschool activities, does that include the Spring Fling this weekend?”

“That’s this weekend!?” Abbie felt disappointed now. School dances had always been one of the only times she felt she could really be girly, wearing a dress and such, without feeling self-conscious about herself.

“Yeah, this Saturday. How could you forget?”

“After everything that’s happened, I’d be lucky if I knew what month it was.”

Blake looked at her blankly, waiting for her to say, before answering himself. “It’s April.”

“I knew that!” Abbie said with a bit of frustration.

“So, I guess this means you’re not going.” He also felt disappointed in this sudden turn of events, having been trying to think of the right way to ask her the last few days. Now it looked like they wouldn't even be going.

They were both startled by a loud knocking followed by the doorbell going off. Abbie quickly let go of his cock and Blake made a scrabble to get his clothes back on, yelling out, "Just a minute!" To whoever was at the door, hoping it wasn’t one of his parents. He struggled a little, getting his hard cock into his boxer shorts, as it just wanted to slip its way out of the hole in the front. Abbie giggled at him a little, until he gave her a frown.

Whoever was at the door was persistent, as there was another loud banging from the door. “I said just a minute!” Blake called again, getting his t-shirt back on and now fully dressed. He looked down at the tenting at the front of his pants, hoping it would go away quickly. He was about to open the door, but took a glance back at Abbie, still seated on the couch. “You should probably go to the kitchen while I get rid of them.”

“Oh!” Abbie blushed, looking down at herself. The whole living room would soon be visible from the open front door. She got up, taking his advice and headed for the kitchen. “Thanks.”

Blake finally opened the front door, finding Claire's brother, Eddy, on the other side. “Eddy?”

“Hey Blake. My sister said Abbie was over here.” Eddy gave a smirk that looked pretty smug to Blake.

“Listen Eddy!” Blake was obviously starting to get mad. “Abbie is MY girlfriend! So whatever nasty perverted thoughts you have about her, just forget about it!”

Eddy held up his hands as if surrendering, and said, “I just wanted to ask her a question.”

“What do you want, Eddy?” Abbie said, plainly, coming back into the room. She had been listening just on the other side of the kitchen door.

“Woah! You’re still naked!” Eddy gave a sly smile at Blake, bumping his arm with his elbow a couple of times and wiggled his eyebrows at him. “What have you two been up to?” He had also noticed the bulging at the front of Blake’s slacks when he had first opened the door.

“What!?” Both Abbie and Blake reacted with outrage.

“Well, she’s still naked. What else could you two be up to? Don’t try and give me some nonsense about her being a nudist. I know about the rules at your house and the real reason you’ve been going naked there.”

“What!? How!?” Abbie came over to the open doorway, alarmed at hearing another person now knew about the rules at her house.

“Your brother told me.” Eddy explained. “That’s why I came over. I just wanted to ask if you would invite Nina Patterson to your house. Oh, and me too at the same time, obviously.” He gave her a big pleading grin.

“Get out of here, Eddy!” Abbie slammed the door in his face, clenching her fists in anger.

“Please! I just really, really have a crush on her!” Eddy begged through the door.

Abbie took a look over at her boyfriend, not believing she was feeling sympathy for the boy. She opened the door back up, and explained to him. “If I help you out, then you have to do this my way.”

“Sure, no problem.” Eddy said enthusiastically. He would do practically anything to see the girl of his dreams in the nude.

“First, you have to tell her you really, really like her.”

“Huh? But…”

“I guess you really don’t want me to help you.” Abbie said coldly.

“Ok, ok. What else?” Eddy begged some more.

“Then, when it actually happens and you’re both at my house, you will be a perfect gentleman. You won't touch her or stare nastily at her, or anything like that. You’ll compliment her, not about her body parts, but on how brave she is and things like that. You can say she’s beautiful, but don’t make that the only thing you talk about the whole time. You understand?”

“Yes, Abbie. Completely.” He gave the nude girl a warm smile. “Thank you!” He wanted to hug her, but thought better of it with her naked. Instead, he took a look up and down her bare body before saying, “Might I say, you’re really looking beautiful yourself today, Abbie.”

“Urghhh!” Abbie groaned, before slamming the door shut again.

“What!? You said that was one of the things I could say!” Eddy called through the door. “You’re really brave too!” he added.


