Kendra's College Coed Dilemma
by DF Erotica
Copywrite 2022 – DF Erotica

Part One – Say hello to Kendra

Nursing was a hard program at college but Kendra B. had made it to her final year and she was going to do whatever it took to graduate. She didn’t come from a wealthy family nor had she qualified for any scholarships at her school, so she was always struggling to pay for tuition, books and fees, not to mention rent and food. Her widowed mom helped with a few dollars here and there but she couldn’t spare much. Kendra was always looking for ways to make money without compromising her studies.

Kendra was a lovely young woman of 23. She had lustrous long wavy raven hair that trailed down her back, almost to her hips. She was very petite, at only 5’ 1” tall and 95 lbs. Still, she had some curves on that tiny frame of hers. Kendra wasn’t particularly proud of her 32B breasts but she appreciated how sensitive her nipples were. Her narrow 23” waist, taught belly, and 33” hips suited her well. Her favourite body feature was her butt, a beautifully sculpted pair of cheeks with just enough bounce to be noticed wherever she went.


Part Two – Babysitting

The bills were piling up and Kendra was getting stressed. She was in her final year of nursing at college and couldn’t afford the distraction of needing money as she studied. She also couldn’t afford her rent.

Her roommate, Allison, had been helping cover Kendra’s shortfall in rent but that couldn’t go on forever. Kendra felt very guilty about borrowing money, especially when she had no idea when or even if she could pay it back.

Allison and Kendra had been best friends since childhood. In contrast to Kendra’s dark, sultry looks, her roommate was a vivacious blonde with spectacular ocean-blue eyes and C-cup tits. The two had been close for as long as they could remember, sharing so many cherished childhood memories. When they moved in together, they even shared a few intimate experimental moments in the bedroom together. While neither of them considered themselves to be a lesbian, they were a bit curious, and intimacy between them felt so natural. This closeness made Kendra feel even guiltier, as she continued to fall short on the rent and even to have to beg Allison for food.

Kendra knew she needed an income but she couldn’t allow work to get in the way of her schoolwork. As luck would have it, one day, as Kendra was passing the Student Union office, she saw the perfect opportunity on the job board. “Babysitter needed” was what it said, and there was a phone number and email address. Kendra quickly sent a message to the posted number, asking if the job was still available. Not long afterward, came the response – “yes, can I call you?” The message was signed “Sandra”. Kendra shot back a quick “I’m just heading into class, I can call you after 2pm”. “Perfect”, was the answer.

Kendra smiled all through her class, thinking that she might finally be onto a way to make some money, maybe even enough to start paying Allison back. What a relief that would be.

Class passed quickly and before she knew it, 2pm arrived and she was done for the day. As she walked out of class, she pulled out her phone and called Sandra, as promised. Sandra sounded very nice as she answered the phone and began describing what she and her husband were looking for. It sounded reasonable to the schoolgirl, so when Sandra asked her to come over to meet her husband and kids that evening, Kendra agreed.

Promptly at 7pm, Kendra was at the front door of a nice suburban home in an upscale neighbourhood. She noted that public transit was a bit of an issue but otherwise, things looked nice. Shortly after she rang the bell, a tall, well-built man answered the door and introduced himself as Harry, Sandra’s husband. As soon as she was in the door, to noisy children came running up, excited to see her. She had barely processed just how attractive Harry was when he began to introduce the little ones: Nia was a nine year old girl, a bit shy and reserved but capable of being excited by a new babysitter; and Nolan, a six year old bundle of noise, shaped like a younger brother. Kendra hit it off with the kids right away and they even started listening to her. Harry and Sandra were greatly impressed, to say the least!

Once Kendra had the kids settled and playing quietly, she sat with the parents and began discussing the details of the job. Sandra and Harry wanted a few hours on Tuesday and Friday evenings, and Saturday morning through to Sunday afternoon to be Kendra’s sitting time. They said they needed this time for errands, some romance time, and so they could get some activity in on weekends.

Kendra listened closely to what was being proposed and at the words “romantic getaways” her thoughts again returned to just how handsome she thought Harry was. She began to imagine what it would be like if he was taking her to romantic dinners or weekend getaways. Kendra felt her pulse quicken and her pussy began to heat up as she stared at this hunk before her.

“Unless you have questions, that will be all, Kendra” said Sandra.

“What…I mean, no, no questions from me, thank you”. Kendra had been really distracted and was beginning to squeeze her thighs together when Sandra ended the conversation. Kendra hoped nobody had noticed her furtive sexual behaviour.

As they stood, Harry asked if she had driven to their house. “No sir, I took the bus. The stop is only about a 20 minute walk from here.”

“It’s dark out young lady. I’ll drive you home.”

“I can’t let you do that, it’s too much trouble.”

“It’s no trouble at all, and I’m concerned about your safety!” When Kendra looked down sheepishly, Harry continued, “At least let me take you to the bus stop and make sure you safely get on the bus.”

As Kendra was about to agree, Sandra interjected, “Drive her home, none of this half-assed ‘bus’ nonsense, Harry.”

And so, it was settled that Kendra would be driven home by the man she had been fantasizing about since she met him an hour ago. Even worse, he drove a sexy two-seater sports car. “You’ll really feel every bump and vibration in this baby.” Harry bragged as he opened the passenger door and helped her into her seat. When he grabbed her hand to guide her, her pussy erupted in a flow of magma-like hot juices. He was so handsome and she was so hot for him. She gave Harry her address and as he started driving, Kendra sat in silence, mesmerized by him. The revs of the engine, the jolts of the suspension, the sudden gear changes all caused her aching pussy to feel further aroused. She clenched her thighs tightly together and she crossed her arms in front of her in such a way that she could surreptitiously rub her rock hard nipples against her forearms. She just prayed that Harry would not notice her movements as he drove.

All too soon, they arrived in front of the apartment she shared with her roommate and all that pent up sexual tension had to be put on hold. Harry got out of the car, went around to Kendra’s side and opened her door for her. He even held out a hand to assist her. Taking his hand, she pulled herself out and upright, then reached forward and hugged him in thanks. Harry did not shy away. Kendra’s embarrassment at her inappropriate hug went away quickly and she stepped back, saying “thanks for the ride, Harry. I’ll see you Saturday Morning.”

“Yup, 10am Saturday, Kendra.” And then he was gone. She didn’t even see him get into the car, shut the door, or start it. It was just gone. What the hell had come over her, she wondered. The one thing she knew for sure was that she’d never been hornier in her entire life! This was not going to pass, this was not something to ignore, there was only one solution. As soon as she was in the door, she made a beeline for the bathroom. Once in, she locked the door, started the bathwater running and stripped off her clothes in record time. There were no preliminaries – she just grabbed the portable shower head, put it on her favourite pulse setting and turned it loose on her clit as she imagined tall, handsome Harry scooping her up, ripping her clothes off, laying her out on his marital bed and having his way with her. As the showerhead worked its magic on her pussy, she imagined Harry tenderly kissing and fondling her, moving ever-closer to the center of her pleasure. Soon, in her mind, in was not water, but Harry’s mouth manipulating her vaginal lips. It was his tongue toying mercilessly with her clit. She was in an absolute frenzy of desire. Lust boiled in her blood as she felt her climax build. Just as she imagined his large, erect, slick penis touching her opening, she came. She came and came, writhing and moaning and screaming like she’d never orgasmed before. This was a whole new level of pleasure for her, and she liked it. But she was afraid that if she ever let this play out in real life, it would ruin everything.


Part Three – Sitting for the first time

Saturday arrived and right in 10am, Kendra was ringing to doorbell of her employer’s house. She remembered how she had reacted to Harry earlier in the week and had resolved to behave herself. That resolve lasted until he opened the door, shirtless and sweaty. “My God,” she thought, he’s so fucking handsome. He quickly invited Kendra in and excused himself, saying he was busy doing yard work. As he walked out the back door, Sandra made an appearance from upstairs.

“Hi Kendra,” she said. “Nolan is at karate practice and Nia is at her friend’s house. Both will be home at noon, and Harry and I will be leaving about 1pm. You and I can get to know each other while I do some housework.” Kendra was all for the distraction of chatting with Sandra and even volunteered to help with some of the chores.

When they got to the master bedroom, Sandra explained that, since there were no spare beds in the house, Kendra would sleep here but they needed to change the linens first. Kendra stripped the blankets and sheets off the bed, surreptitiously sniffing the heady musk of Harry from the fabric. There was another scent, too. One that was equally musky but more feminine – Sandra had left her distinct marker in the bed too. Kendra quickly realized that this was likely the result of lovemaking the night before and maybe even this morning. As soon as she accidentally touched a wet spot on the sheet, her suspicions were confirmed. Kendra rushed the linens to the laundry room, sniffing all the way. As soon as she was out of sight of Sandra she licked the wet spot, rejoicing in the comingled taste of her employers’ lovemaking efforts. As she heard Sandra approaching from the bedroom, Kendra threw the linens into the machine and started the wash cycle. Sandra inspected the settings and congratulated Kendra on doing the load perfectly. Meanwhile, all Kendra could think was “so much for controlling my libido while I’m here”

As Sandra began to pack for the overnight getaway with her husband, she asked Kendra to head to the kitchen and heat up a frozen pizza for the kids, saying it was one of their favourite meals. Kendra could see Harry toiling in the yard as she put the pizza in the oven, set out plates and napkins, and some glasses of milk. Every chance she got, she stared at Harry and allowed her loins to heat up. In no time, she was HORNY!

Before she knew it, the kids were home, full of excitement and noise. As she got them cleaned and fed, her pussy calmed down enough that she was in control of herself again. That is until Harry strolled in, saying that he needed a shower. The thought of him nude, with water running down his tall, muscular body, sent her pussy into high gear again. She made it a point to bump her crotch into countertop corners as she cleared up the mess after lunch. She even managed to give herself a mini-orgasm by pinching her nipples as she bent down to load the dishwasher.

Feeling sexually relieved, she was able to compose herself when Sandra and Harry called her and the kids to the front hall to say goodbye. “Remember to be on your best behaviour and do everything Kendra tells you. Do you hear me, Nia? Nolan?”

“Yes mom” the kids chorused back.

“No wrecking the place, and in bed at the usual time!” Harry emphatically stated. With that and hugs all around (even for Kendra), they were off and Kendra was in charge. She played some games with the kids, had them tidy up a bit, got them to help make dinner, and then it was their bath time. Kids like to splash about in the tub, and Nia and Nolan were no exceptions. By the time they were in their pjs and tucked in, Kendra was soaked and exhausted.

She thought some relaxing, maybe a movie in bed, and an early night for this school girl. She stripped, and then looked through her employers’ movie collection. Some were unmarked – just an x and a number. Intrigued, she figured she’d take a look at what they were about. If they weren’t interesting, there were about a hundred kid’s movies as an option. Naked, she crawled into the freshly made bed, dimmed the lights and started the first movie. It was dim and poorly shot, obviously an amateur job. Kendra was just about to give up on it and start thinking about which Disney Princess would be tonight’s feature when she stopped and stared more closely at the screen. Holy shit! That was Sandra. Not only was it Sandra, but she was doing a seductive striptease in the movie. As she completed her striptease, she moved toward the bed where a naked Harry, obviously aroused, laid waiting for her. Sandra engulfed his turgid member with her mouth, demonstrating that she was quite an accomplished cock-sucker. As Harry erupted in her mouth, she took his load. When he was spent, she moved closer to the camera, opened her mouth to show a full load in there. Then she closed her mouth, made an exaggerated swallowing sound, and showed the camera that her mouth was now empty. The movie was over and Kendra was stunned. She started the next unlabeled movie, and sure enough, Sandra and Harry were again the stars, again naked, and again, sucking and fucking. This one prominently featured Sandra sitting on Harry’s face as he ate her pussy like it was his last meal. For dessert, he would lick her little rosebud asshole. She moaned and writhed, and screamed her excitement and harry ate her through more orgasms than could be counted. When she was nearly spent, Sandra could be seen reaching down and jerking Harry to an explosive ejaculation.

Kendra’s mind was blown. She couldn’t imagine that the two nice people she had spent the morning with were these same to wanton sex maniacs! Kendra also had no idea about when, exactly she had started to get turned on. She was so turned on, though, that she was furiously frigging her pussy and pulling on her nipples. She watched the movie again and just as Sandra had her final orgasm, Kendra had her own earth-shattering climax. My god, she thought, that was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.

Kendra soon passed out from exhaustion and sexual release. She slept peacefully and was awakened when Nia and Nolan started bouncing on her bed in the morning. There was a quick tickle fight with lots of giggling and laughter. After the fun, it was time to get up. Pretty soon, the kids were dressed and fed, the dishes were tidied up and Mom and dad were home. Kendra’s bags were packed and she was about to slip away to the bus stop when Harry said “not so fast, young lady. You know we give you a ride home.”

Kendra was about to begin protesting when Sandra piped up “Grab her bag and get her into the car, Harry. You know she’s too polite to ask for a ride.”

“Oh God, not the sports car again,” Kendra thought as Harry took her by the hand and helped her into the little vehicle. Not only were bumps and vibrations working on her intimate regions as she sat next to this hot looking man, but she knew about him now. She knew hot, sexy, secret things about this man next to her, practically touching her. She was so horny that, as they went around a tight corner and he pushed into her, she came with an audible sigh.

“Are you okay? I didn’t hurt you, did I?”

She dared not speak, so she simply shook her head no.

Then she was home. Shaky and weak-kneed, she clung to Harry as he lifted her out of her seat and into his arms. As she hung in his arms, she wrapped her arms around him in a hug and then tilted her face forward and kissed him. Not a friendly peck, a full-on passionate kiss. He quickly returned the kiss with equal passion and they were soon necking on her front lawn. And then, he broke it off, hopped in his car, and was off without a word. Kendra stood there, feeling as if she had been stuck by lightning. As the shock wore off, the horniness became more apparent to Kendra. Soon, she was naked in the tub, working herself into a series of mind-blowing orgasms with her trusty showerhead. Wave after wave of passion flowed over her as she thought about those wild movies and from what she had just experienced in the car. Poor Kendra was falling for Harry hard!


Part Four – Another weekday evening session

Next Tuesday, Kendra was back, taking care of the kids while the parents took care of chores around the house. Nia had an art project and Nolan had to practice reading, so Kendra had her hands full keeping them on track. She sat with Nolan, listening to him and helping him sound out words he struggled with, all the while watching to ensure Nia wasn’t colouring on anything she shouldn’t be. Pretty soon, it was time to get the kids into their pjs, brush their teeth and get them tucked into bed. All of this helped distract Kendra from the kinky thoughts about Sandra and Harry that had been racing though her mind since last weekend.

Once the kids were down, Kendra went looking for Sandra, intent on avoiding Harry and helping her until it was time to go home. As it turns out, Sandra had finished her chores and was relaxing with a glass of wine in the living room. Kendra was immediately invited in and offered a glass. Though not much of a drinker, Kendra was old enough and didn’t mind an occasional sip. Sandra was obviously feeling the effects of what she had consumed as she began conversing with Kendra.

“You are so good with the kids, sweetie.” Sandra said with the slightest slur. “They just think the world of you. Thank you for working with them tonight. That homework crap drives me up the wall.”

Kendra mumbled a few words of thanks to her employer and took a sip of her wine.

“You know who else loves you, Sweetie? Do you?”

Kendra stared at Sandra in confusion and shrugged her shoulders. She hoped this conversation would end soon, because a tipsy Sandra was a rather confusing and slightly intimidating sight.

“I’ll tell you who, sweetie,” she continued. “My husband is who! And who could blame him.”

Oh…My…God, was Kendra really hearing this? Was Sandra really saying that her husband had the hots for Kendra?

“You are sooo pretty and that schoolgirl vibe is smoking hot. No wonder Harry wanders around her with a semi between his legs for hours after you leave.” Sandra was really starting to slur and wave her arms about to emphasise her words. “He can’t wait to get me to bed those nights, and he really plows me sweetie, he gives it to me good. He hasn’t had this much interest in sex since we were in our teens!”

Thankfully, at that moment, Harry stuck his head in the doorway and said “So, this is where my ladies are hiding.”

“We’ve just been talking dirty about you,” laughed Sandra as Kendra stood up and exclaimed, “I really have to get going. School, tomorrow, you know.”

“No problem,” Harry said to her. “You know the drill. I’m just going to point this one in the direction of bed and I’ll meet you at the car. Here are the keys.”

Kendra headed out to the car, her mind reeling with what she had just heard. Was Sandra out of her mind, or was she telling the truth? What should Kendra do? She really had a thing for Harry, and apparently he was hot for her but, and this was important, he was married and had two kids so he was completely and utterly off limits!!! Still, her heart fluttered, and she got horny, just thinking about him. This car ride home was going to be absolute torture.

Kendra was glad it was already dark as they began the drive to her place. She turned away from Harry as much as possible, trying to avoid looking at or thinking about him. Unfortunately, he kept trying to engage her in conversation. All she could manage was one word answers, mostly grunts. He was front and centre in her mind and she was achingly horny for him. She was surreptitiously grinding her palms into her love mound as she clenched her thighs. All it did was increase her arousal to the point she was nearly incoherent with lust when the pulled up in front of her place. Harry made things worse by saying, “Oh, by the way, Sandra is out of town for business this weekend, so I’ll be home, and you’ll help me with the kids.“

And then, he was at her door, helping her out of the car. She was practically a puddle of lust in his hands. As he hugged her, she let out a long, sexual moan. When he pulled her up to her full height, she planted her lips on his and gave him a long, lingering, passionate kiss. She used her tongue. Then she ripped herself away and ran into the house, powered by her embarrassment and her horniness. This time she didn’t even bother to strip and get in the tub. She dove on her bed, reached beneath her skirt, ripped down her soaked panties and frigged herself to a delicious orgasm. She had never felt the need to cum so much in her life. After her urgent orgasm, she lay there, slowly fingering herself as she began to wind down. Eventually, she fell asleep, with two fingers still in her twat.


Part Five – a weekend with Harry and the kids

Kendra was nervous about what she had done to Harry when he drove her home. She should never have kissed him, even if Harry’s wife was right and he wanted her. HIS WIFE! HE WAS MARRIED! This was so wrong!

Several times, Kendra started to phone them to say she couldn’t work this weekend; that she would be quitting; that she was so sorry. She never went through with it, though. She never called or messaged them. She was guilt-ridden but she really needed the money. Plus, if she was honest with herself, she really wanted to be with Harry, regardless of how wrong it was.

On Saturday morning, right at 10am, with mixed emotions, she was knocking on her employer’s front door. Nia answered and hugged Kendra about the waist, squealing “Hurray, you’re here!” from the living room, Nolan looked away from the TV long enough to wave a quick hello and then he was back to focussing on his cartoons.

Pulling her by the hand, Nia said “Come with me, I’m going to give you a beauty makeover.” Nia was at that age where she was focussed on princesses and beauty all the time. She loved playing dress-up and ‘makeovers’ were her new favourite thing.

“Okay, sweetie,” Kendra replied, “But I need to say hi to your parents first.”

“Mommy’s already left. Daddy’s in the yard, doing his chores. Come on, it’s time to play!”

Oh my, thought Kendra, as the little girl led her to her room. Sandra was already gone. She was alone with Harry and he was outside getting sweaty doing masculine things. Kendra felt a shiver run down her spine as she imagined the man of the house shirtless, muscles rippling, and sweat glistening in the sun. She had been here all of 5 minutes and she was already getting horny. This was not good. She needed to focus on the kids and banish all thoughts of the married man she was working for.

Nia made for a good, if insistent distraction. The two had fun playing, applying makeup to each other, trying on different outfits, and being giggly girls. Before she knew it, it was past noon, and Kendra thought she had better start preparing lunch. She and Nia headed for the kitchen and began making sandwiches and a tray of fruits and vegetables for everyone. Nia went to fetch her younger brother to the table, and Kendra went to the back yard, to let Harry know that lunch was ready. He had a shirt on, and wasn’t quite the chiseled male model she had been fantasizing about but he was handsome and Kendra was turned on as soon as she saw him. “Lunch, Harry. See you in the kitchen,” she called from a distance. She dared not get too close while this aroused with the two of them alone.

As the four of them sat at the table, enjoying their meal, Harry said he had a surprise. They kids immediately exploded with excitement and Kendra held her breath, wondering what this could be about. She had expected a quiet day with the kids she was in charge of. “I’ve decided we need to have a fun afternoon, so we are going to the waterpark!” As soon as Harry said this, the kids exploded with excitement. Kendra’s heart sank, she couldn’t go, she didn’t have a bathing suit with her.

As soon as Kendra voiced her concern, Harry told her it was not an issue. The waterpark had a boutique gift shop where bathing suits were sold. When Kendra suggested that she couldn’t afford it, Harry told her that it was all on him. “A bonus for your help”, was how he phrased it. As soon as the remains of lunch were cleaned up, Kendra helped the kids change into their bathing suits, and they were into the car and off to the waterpark.

When they arrived, Harry said “Okay kids, you go to the supervised kid’s pool for a few minutes, while I help get Kendra a bathing suit.” Apparently, there was a shallow play area where kids could be safely left under the care of park staff. Harry then took Kendra’s hand and guided her to the boutique. She began looking at some nice one piece suits but was nervous that the price was too much. Harry looked at her choices and said no. “You need something a little more flattering than those.” He pointed her in the direction of the string bikinis and said “a beautiful young woman like you should be in something sexy.”

Kendra couldn’t believe he had just said that. Then he handed her something that looked like it was no more than a couple of strings and she realized he was serious. When she didn’t immediately object, he said “I’m glad you like it,” and he was off to pay for it. She realized that he intended to parade her around in that skimpy little outfit all afternoon and her pussy loved the idea.

He led her to the family changing area and she blushed wildly as she imagined him dragging her into a cubicle and getting naked with her. Instead, he pointed her to a cubicle, while he began to peel off his shirt in the open area. “Hurry up; I can’t wait to see you model that new suit for me.”

When Kendra finished changing, Harry was gone. She wandered out into the pool area and felt two hands grab her shoulders from behind. “Nice view from this side,” said Harry as he began to twirl her 180 degrees, “and a fantastic view from the front!” She was embarrassed. The top barely covered her nipples, leaving the tops and bottoms of her breasts exposed. The bottom piece was a thong that barely covered her pussy slit and was nothing but thin string elsewhere. The worst part was how turned on Kendra was getting as Harry looked at her. She was so relieved when they retrieved the kids and all four went to swim together.

The afternoon passed enjoyably. The kids had a great time. Harry was relaxed and enjoying himself. Even Kendra relaxed when she wasn’t stealing glances at her sexy employer. He was so hot it was driving her crazy. Her pussy was going to melt if it didn’t get some attention soon. On the drive home the kids passed out in the backseat, leaving just Harry driving and Kendra beside him. At his insistence, she had not changed back into street clothes before leaving. He claimed it would take too long. She suspected he just wanted to ogle her. Her molten hot cunt made her comply with his wishes. She was so horny she could barely control herself. She even turned to face him, her back to the door and her legs crossed on the seat, so her crotch was exposed. If he noticed, he didn’t say anything.

Harry had barbequed hamburgers and hot dogs for dinner that night. It was a light supper, perfect after their busy day. The kids ate and then it was time for their bedtime routine. Kendra got them tucked in and then she went back outside to join Harry on the patio. He offered her a glass of wine and he sipped a beer. He thanked her for her help with the kids. Then he told her that the master bedroom would be hers for the night, he would sleep on the couch. Kendra said that she should take the couch but Harry insisted, reminding her that the deal was that she got the bedroom on Saturdays when she stayed over to watch the kids. The fact that he was home would not change that. Sandra feebly protested a bit more, but Harry said that fair was fair and the bedroom would be hers for the night. With that, he got up, kissed her on the forehead, and said that he was going to fetch himself a blanket and get some sleep.

Kendra headed to bed herself. It had been a busy day. She checked on the kids, then went into the master bedroom, where she stripped off her bathing suit and washed up. She got into bed and lay there nude. She was tired but could not sleep. Thoughts of Harry kept creeping into her mind and she was far too horny to sleep. Knowing she needed release, she put on one of Harry and Sandra’s special movies and lay back to pleasure herself. At first, she watched the movie as she caressed her body, the body that had been on display for most of the day. As her fingers wandered, she closed her eyes and imagined it was Harry exploring her body. How she longed for him to run his hands over her breasts, to kiss his way down her torso to the hot centre of her being. Oh, to have his tongue lap her moist outer lips as his fingers parted her. She imagined him sucking her clit as she toyed with it. She imagined it was his fingers invading her twat as she plunged hers in and out. Before she knew it, she had a mind-blowing orgasm.

As her eyes began to open she was mortified. Standing right in front of her was Harry. He stared down at her as she scrambled to try to cover her nakedness. “No, don’t!” he ordered her. “I’ve imagined you just like this.”

Kendra was shocked. Sandra must have been telling the truth, Harry was hot for her. Judging by the bulge in his pants, he was as hot for her as she was for him. Slowly, with this new revelation about his feelings ringing in her ears, she rolled toward him, and reached out for that tantalizing bulge. She touched it, and then glided her hand along its length a few times as she heard Harry softly groan. Next, she reached up, grabbed his waistband and pulled his pyjama pants down, freeing his impressive erection. It was already oozing lubrication so Kendra licked it up. She savored the taste of him. She eased his cock into her mouth and began a combination of licking and sucking, determined to make sure it was as hard as it had ever been in his life.

After a few minutes of her ministrations, Harry told her to lie on her back. He straddled her head and eased his prick into her warm mouth, then lay over her and ate her pussy. It was Kendra’s first experience with 69 and it was intense. She had never felt so fully engaged in sexual pleasure before.

All too soon, Harry sat back up and eased his prick from her hungry mouth. “Do we need protection?” was the only thing he asked. As soon as Kendra said they didn’t need any, he positioned himself between her legs and eased into her hot twat. She exploded in orgasm as soon as his cock head touched her pussy lips. She screamed with delight as he thrust forward and began to piston in and out of her. This was far better than any lay she’d had with the schoolboys she had dated. They just stuck it in and went off within seconds. Harry was a powerful, caring lover. He focused on pleasure for both of them. He really wanted her to enjoy this.

After her third orgasm, He had her get on her hands and knees. “Ever take it in the ass?” he whispered in her ear.

“No, that scares me” Kendra said.

“Alright, we’ll just do doggy in that sweet little cunt of yours.” With that, he jammed his love muscle straight into her pussy and went back to rocking in and out of her. As she neared her next orgasm, his breathing got heavier and he became jerkier with his motions. As she came, he gave one more thrust and began to unload spurt after spurt of cum into the depths of her cunt. They had had simultaneous orgasms.

They collapsed in a heap on the bed and were almost instantly asleep. The next thing they knew, Nia and Nolan were jumping up and down on the bed around them as sunlight streamed in through the bedroom window. “Yay, daddy and Kendra were playing house.” The kids chanted happily.

Harry and Kendra looked at each other with fear in their eyes. She knew there was only one thing to do. She quickly dressed, grabbed her few belongings and walked out. There was no way this was going to end well and she did not want to be around when it exploded. Kendra was not surprised to receive an email from Sandra the next day. The only surprise was that all it said was “You’re fired”

THE END