Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Futa's Mind-Controlling Panties Chapter 6: Futa's Mind-Controlling Delights
Summary: A futa is enjoying her mind-control powers with two MILFs and a naguhty daughter. Meanwhile, the panty thief discovers she doens't understand just what she's stolen.
Keywords: hFFf hF mc inc inter oral rim creampie anal A2P wife

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

The figure watched the events unfolding through the mist rising from the waterfall. Through the fog, the transition between air and water, it could see the game it had set into events. 

Sasha Ford stole out of the house with the purloined boy shorts.

Chloe Quick reveled in the foursome she'd engineered at the Lyons.

Mildred Dean drove with her stolen lover to thrust her perversions upon the reverend's unsuspecting family.

The passion. The bending of nature. The violation of reason. All excited the figure. It might stand motionless, but rapture engulfed its body. Its soul quivered in climactic delights as it awaited what would happen next. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

Mildred and I are heading to a friend's of hers to have fun. Have dinner at whatever house you've gotten distracted at. Bring over your new playmate this evening. Love, Mom.

My mother's text message I'd just read echoed in my mind as I stared at the three sexy beauties before me. They were all begging to fuck my cock, all dying to have me ram into their naughty, juicy pussies.

On the couch sat two sexy MILFs who were now in love thanks to some careless words I'd uttered. My mind-control had made it so Mrs. Solomon and Ms. Lyon had fallen head over heels for each other. They sat side by side on the couch, both as different as night and day.

Please, please fuck my pussy, Chloe, Mrs. Solomon said. The tanned and brunette MILF had the biggest tits on the block. They were fake breasts, but gorgeous. They had a perkiness to them that defied gravity. Round and plump and jiggling as she quivered for me. I've been so eager for your pussy since I gave you a titty fuck.

That had been in her backyard while her husband watched the game. She had been his trophy wife but now my slut.

No, please, Ms. Quick, Ms. Lyon begged. She had rich, ebony skin and round breasts. She wore her hair short and frizzy which gave her this sexy and authoritarian vibe. She was the terror to all the young people on the street. She'd been yelling at me since I was a child. Now she begged me. I would love to enjoy your cock after you fucked my daughter's asshole.

Dominating her had been so sweet. She was no longer a bitch thanks to my mind-control. No longer yelling at her poor daughter for the slightest thing.

My pussy needs your cock after you reamed my asshole, Kendall Lyon moaned. The Black teen, fifteen and a year older than me, had skin that was more a light mocha, her nipples pink atop her round tits. Her father must have been White, not that he'd ever been around. My cherry pussy needs to be broken in by your cock.

That made me shiver, but maybe Mildred should get to break her in. She was the greatest woman in the world. Her yummy-smelling panties had changed my life. Then she was so nice to give me my schoolgirl panties. Those had transformed me, bestowing on me that big futa-dick that thrust out hard and proud before me.

Which to choose.

I wanted them all. I grinned. I could have them all. Well, no, I think Mildred deserved another cherry pussy. I could always have my friend's virginity. It was a shame Stacey had fled when we came home from school to my house and found Mildred fucking my mom hard.

Ms. Lyon, I said. I just have to fuck your cunt. I mean, you have to clean my dick. It's dirty with your daughter's asshole, and you're a good hostess.

I'm the best hostess, Ms. Quick, she said, her back straightening, triumph flashing in her eyes.

Well, I'm glad you get to enjoy her pussy, said Mrs. Solomon, patting her fiancee's hand. I know you'll love her cock.

Mmm, I will, purred Ms. Lyon. She licked her lips. 

Well... I mused as I pondered the situation. It's not fair if Ms. Lyon's having all the fun, I said. Mrs. Solomon, Kendall's got a booty full of my cum for you to enjoy. Time to get to know your future step-daughter's asshole.

Yes, groaned the Black girl. You'll love it.

Of course I will, Mrs. Solomon said. You got such a cute ass. Just turn around, and I'm going to feast on it.

And while she's licking out Kendall's asshole, Ms. Lyon, guess what you get to lick! I couldn't help grinning at her.

Mmm, my sweet Danielle's pussy? the Black woman asked, staring at her fiancee.

Yep! I jumped up and down in girlish excitement. My little titties jiggled, my blonde hair danced around my shoulders, my big cock bounced up and down, and my heavy girl-balls swayed over my dripping pussy. Ooh, you two are just so cute and sexy together. You make me so excited. I could just squeal my head off.

I hadn't noticed, Mrs. Solomon said, amused. 

Kendall crawled down the couch to give everyone room to fit behind her, a conga line of naughty fun. Then Mrs. Solomon slipped off. Her heavy, fake titties swayed as the tanned MILF grabbed the Black girl's butt-cheeks and parted them. Mrs. Solomon ducked her head down, her brown curls spilling over Kendall's rump.

The Black girl squealed and Mrs. Solomon moaned like she'd tasted something delicious. My cum licked out of a girl's butthole definitely qualified. It made my pussy clench and my futa-dick throb in eager need watching their wicked actions.

Ms. Lyon bent down next. Her ebony finger stroked her fiancee's thighs. She nuzzled her face right into Mrs. Solomon's shaved cunt and licked. I could see the pink tongue sliding through the tanned MILF's pussy lips. Ms. Lyon groaned and licked again.

You taste so good, Danielle, she purred.

So does our daughter, panted Mrs. Solomon.

I smacked my lips, the sour taste of ass lingering on them. Yes, she does.

I fell to my knees behind Ms. Lyon. My cock throbbed before me. I grabbed my dirty dick and aimed it at the black bush adorning the MILF's cunt. I shuddered as my pink dip nuzzled into those dark curls. They were juicy from being licked by her daughter.

My cock reached through the curls to the hot cuntlips on the inside. A wicked shudder ran through me. I groaned at the heat of contact of that juicy flesh. My dirty cock nuzzled into Ms. Lyon's silky labia.

She moaned into her fiancee's cunt as I pressed forward. I shuddered as I sank my filthy cock deeper and deeper into her cunt. My pale shaft vanished into her hot, tight depths. Pleasure rippled down my dick as she squeezed around my cock.

I'm going to polish that dick clean, Ms. Quick, she moaned, her hot twat massaging me.

You're such a great host, I said. Thank you, Ms. Lyon! And you can call me Chloe. I'm not mad at you any longer.

Mmm, I'm glad. I just want to make you happy, Chloe. You're special.

Yeah, she is, moaned Kendall. Ooh, Mom, your fiancee's got her tongue wiggling in my asshole. That's so hot. She's scooping out all of Chloe's cum.

Perfect, cooed the MILF.

My cock buried to the hilt in her pussy. My blonde curls rubbed into her black bush. I drew back, my cock emerging gleaming with her juices. Her tangy musk filled my nose. It was such a similar scent to her daughter's pussy. 

I slammed back into the MILF's tight cunt, reveling in that silky friction. It was so hot to clean off my girl-dick in her pussy. My balls smacked into her bush while my twat drank in the bliss. I pulled back, my pale hands grabbing her dark hips.

Moans echoed through the living room, half-muffled by hot ass or pussy. Kendall knelt at the front, her head tossing back and forth. She savored the wicked things Mrs. Solomon did. The brunette beauty feasted on Kendall's asshole, her tanned ass clenching. Then came Ms. Lyon feasting on her fiancee's twat. Just licking hard and groaning as my futa-dick reamed her pussy.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, reveling in the delight of my futa-cock plundering deep and hard into the MILF's pussy. Ooh, yes, yes, my dick's getting nice and clean in your pussy.

So clean! she moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, I'm going to have so much cum in my cunt.

Can I lick you clean, Mom? gasped Kendall.

Of course! her mother panted, her cunt squeezing around my cock.

Yes! I gasped. Incest is so hot! Especially mothers and daughters. I love fucking my mom!

Lucky woman to have a daughter with a dick this big! gasped Ms. Lyon, her hips wiggling, stirring her cunt around my cock.

She is so lucky! I panted, pumping my hips. She's with Mildred and they're going to have so much fun!

I couldn't wait to tell them about the fun I'd had and hear about the fun they would have. And I was having so much right now. My futa-cock ached and throbbed as I pumped it hard and fast into Ms. Lyon's pussy. She cleaned my cock. She buffed off all the dirty bits. It was so much fun.

My blonde hair danced around my shoulders while my aching balls grew tighter and tighter. They swung between my thighs, slapping into Ms. Lyon when I buried into her. Then swaying back to brush my pussy lips when I pulled out. They were so amazing. So much fun to have.

They brimmed with all that futa-cum just aching to escape out of me.

The moans grew louder and louder, echoing all around us. It was like everyone was building and building towards their orgasms. I could feel it swelling through the room. It was such an amazing thing to hear. To experience.

Oh, my god! gasped Kendall. Ooh, you're amazing. I'm so glad you're my new mom. Fuck, yes!

Are you cumming? Ms. Lyon moaned into her fiancee's pussy.

So fucking hard, Mom! Kendall trembled at the front of our naughty conga line. She's licking at my cunt now. She's drinking the juices gushing out of my twat.

They taste so good! Mrs. Solomon moaned.

Yes, they do! I panted, slamming into Ms. Lyon's pussy. 

Her silky cunt massaged the tip of my cock. The delight shot to my balls. They brimmed with cum. I would unleash so much in her. I would fire it all out of me. Blast after blast of delight that would erupt from my futa-dick.

As I drew back, her cunt clenched around me. Then her pussy convulsed. She squealed into Mrs. Solomon's cunt. I gasped as the Black woman's twat writhed around my dick. I buried back into her cumming depths.

Chloe, cum in me! she moaned.

Yes! I gasped, letting her hungry flesh writhe around me, massaging my cock. Milking me. I hurtled towards my orgasm. I will! 

I exploded in her. I fired my jizz into her twat. Spurt after spurt of my cum fired out of my girly balls and into the MILF's amazing cunt. She moaned into her fiancee's cunt as that amazing twat milked my futa-dick.

Oh, yes, yes! She's cumming in me! gasped Ms. Lyon. Danielle! Danielle! She's flooding my pussy! 

I'm so happy, honey! Mrs. Solomon moaned. Her butt-cheeks clenched. And then she shuddered. I'm so fucking happy!

We were all cumming and gasping. The living room resounded with our passion. It was so amazing to hear. I loved how it echoed through the room. It resounded around us. I savored it as I pumped more and more of my cum into Ms. Lyon's pussy.

My cunt spilled juices down my thighs. Waves of delight washed out of my pussy, meeting the jolts of rapture firing from my cock. It was all so amazing. I was so glad to experience all these delicious pleasures. They swept through me. They blazed across my mind. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped as I fired the last drop of cum into Ms. Lyon.

Mom, do you got a pussy full of cum for me to eat? gasped Kendall.

I do, Honey!

The Black teen crawled out to the middle of the living room and rolled onto her back. Her small tits quivered, thrusting up like dark cones topped by those pink nipples. Then come sit on my face and let me lick you clean.

Such an amazing daughter, Mrs. Solomon cooed. Go, honey, do it.

She is amazing, Ms. Lyon said as she crawled off my girl-cock. I should tell you that more often, Kendall. I'm sorry. I just... I get angry and I yell. It's how my mother and grandmother always raised me. I hated it, and yet I kept doing it. I feel like there's just no control in my life, but you... I should be able to control my own daughter.

And then you don't listen.

Sorry, Mom, Kendall said.

Don't be. I have to remember I'm not your master. You are your own person. Sometimes, I just have to let you make mistakes and hope that you'll figure it out on your own. You're fifteen. I can't treat you like a child forever.

Mmm, no child will lick your pussy as well as me.

Ms. Lyon let out a purring laugh as she straddled her daughter's face. Then she lowered her cum-filled cunt to Kendall's lips. My futa-dick throbbed as I watched the sexy daughter lick my jizz out of her hot mother's cunt.

Mrs. Solomon crawled over and cupped Ms. Lyon's face. The two MILFs kissed, both their lips sticky with pussy cream. I smiled, my futa-dick throbbing hard. I had another MILF to fuck. I would enjoy this. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

I burst into my bedroom. Dinner was ready. Mom and my sister were home. With my parents divorced, I didn't have to worry about him. Though based on how Mr. Quick was acting, the futa-cock's mind-control worked on men, too.

Not that I had any interest in doing anything with a man. I was a lesbian. I mean, I was on my high school's softball team. Sadly, I was the only real lesbian on the team. There went that stereotype. But, still, most girls these days were okay letting a lesbian lick them out.

Some would even return the favor.

Now they all would have to.

I threw off my t-shirt. My small breasts, hovering on the edge of a B-cup, quivered. My little sister, two years younger than me at fifteen, had bigger boobs than me. Such wicked thoughts popped into my head. She'd never get to rub that in my face again.

I unsnapped my jeans and thrust them off. The scent of my sweet pussy filled my nose. I wiggled my hips, working the denim off my ass and down my thighs. My ponytail of brassy-brown hair swayed down my naked back as I did. Jeans off, I ripped my panties down my thighs next. I bent over, flexible enough to touch my toes. I stepped out of the wet garment and shuddered.

I picked up the panties I stole. They were flannel boy shorts. Cute and comfortable. Something I'd wear for PJs at a slumber party or just for lazing around the house. They were sexy in that she looks hot in casual clothes sort of way. Not deliberately sexy, but with the right girl with the right ass and legs wearing them...

Breathtaking.

I drew them on, my heart racing. I hoped this would work. I stole them. Would that be an issue? I didn't know. Didn't understand how any of this could possibly work. I didn't care. I saw the evidence. Chloe growing her futa-dick burned in my mind.

The fabric passed my knees. I drew them up my thighs.

Oh, my god, I said, unable to contain my nerves.

Sasha, dinner's ready, my mother called. I thought you said you were joining us.

In a minute! I shouted back and pulled my panties up my thighs and over my rump.

The flannel fabric cupped my ass. The waistband snapped around my hips after I pulled my fingers free. Would this

I exploded in orgasmic delight.

Holy fucking shit! I howled, my pussy convulsing wildly.

The room spun around me as the pleasure washed through me. My juices gushed out of me. I squirted so much cream. I gasped and trembled, realizing I was on the floor. I had fallen without realizing it. I thrashed. Bucked.

It was incredible.

My mind drowned in the ecstasy rippling out of my panties. They grew so wet. I soaked them with my sweet cream. My musk filled my nose as I thrashed on my back. I whimpered. Moaned. My mother called for me.

My panties grew tight.

My cock was growing. I could feel it swelling and swelling in the boy shorts as I bucked through my orgasm. This wave of triumph surged through me. My legs kicked and spasmed as I groaned through my bliss.

Are you coming or not, Sasha? my mother called, annoyance in her voice.

I'm cumming so fucking hard! I gasped as I hit that wonderful peak of pleasure. I quivered there, my eyes rolling back in my head. I shuddered through the bliss, a big smile on my lips. It was incredible. Just the best orgasm ever.

And now... I had a cock.

I sat up, my small tits jiggling, and stared down at my boy shorts tented with my dick. They were soaked with my juices. Just drenched in them. They felt so wonderfully naughty. My sweet musk permeated my nose as I grabbed the waistband, struggling to contain my new cock, and lifted it.

My futa-dick popped out. 

I gasped as the tip rubbed into my stomach, sending a jolt of pleasure down to my pussy. A hot shiver rippled through my body, my eyes widening at the rapture that surged through my body. This wonderful, amazing, wicked bliss that sang through my body.

Holy fucking shit, this is awesome, I muttered as I grabbed my cock with one hand, my other shoving down my panties more. 

I stroked my dick as I stared down at my crotch. My dick had come with a pair of balls, as hairless as my twat. They draped over my pussy lips. My juices soaked the back of them. They brimmed with this aching pressure that just had to be released.

We're eating without you, my mom called. I'll leave a plate in the microwave.

Yeah, you better, I muttered. Better put one in there for both of you.

I stood up, my body bursting with excitement. I stood, the panties clinging to my body. They had transformed me. I stood up and slid them off my hips. They fell in a sodden pile around my feet, smearing them in my pussy juices.

It was time to mind-control my mom and little sister.

I threw open the door to my bedroom and stepped out as naked as I pleased. I hummed in delight as I headed for the stairs, my new cock bobbing before me, my heavy balls smacking into my pussy lips as they bounced. That was different. This would take some getting used to.

But it was so worth it.

I headed down the stairs with an eagerness, my dick really heaving now. It smacked into my belly when I jumped the last few steps. I grinned, precum splattered up my body. My cock was so hot. I was going to have so much fun with it.

Your plate's in the microwave, my mother called. Are you eating with us? I put away the silverware.

Oh, I'm eating with you, I grinned as headed into the kitchen to get to the dining room.

Mom sat with her back to the kitchen, her red hair spilling about her shoulders. It was her fiery hue that gave me the brassy-brown gloss to my hair. She wore a t-shirt and a pair of yoga pants. She never tried to look too feminine at home. No wonder Dad fucked Mrs. Solomon next door. That slut made herself look good.

My little sister sat to Mom's right. Fawn was fifteen and maturing. She wore a tight crop top that hugged her round and succulent breasts and a skirt that left much of her legs bare. She picked up her phone, staring at it as I approached, her strawberry-blonde hair shifting as she looked down. She burst into giggles.

Don't check your phone at the table, Mom said absently.

Sorry, she said. Just... My sister's words trailed off as her head turned to look at me. Her eyes bulged. And then she shrieked.

What? Mom gasped and turned her head around. It's just... Why are you naked, Sasha?

My mother bolted to her feet and spun around. She had this look of horror in her eyes mixed with shock and disgust. Her eyes flicked down my body and then she froze. She saw my futa-cock. I grinned. Here it would come. She would be mine.

That's right, Mom, your daughter's got a cock now, I said. Why don't you just pop off that blouse and bra, fall to your knees, and suck it. Suck my big girl-dick, Mom!

I expected the lust to burst in her green eyes. Ached to see the desire to worship me spreading across her face. The Quicks had all been eager to obey Mildred. She had bossed them around, given Bryana and her aunt to Mr. Quick, taken Mrs. Quick and Chloe as her own toys. None of them objected once.

I figured it would be the same with my family.

What the hell is wrong with you, Sasha? my mother demanded. Furytrue, apocalyptic rageblazed across my mother's face. Her usual sweet and calm demeanor had vanished. Though I was taller than her, she somehow felt like a giant as she marched towards me. You think it's funny wearing one of those filthy toys of yours. You think I'm going to be a nasty dyke or something? That I would do something with my daughter.

Ugh, god, what is wrong with you? my little sister said, looking away.

This... I... Humiliation rippled through me. I was naked in front of my mom and sister. I grabbed my cock, trying to hide it.

I never once spanked you, my mother growled, advancing on me. I should have. I should have whipped your ass raw. I'm your MOTHER! What did I do wrong that you would say something like that to me? Think that was at all okay to say?

She was almost at me. I squirmed. What went wrong? Was it because I stole the panties? Tears brimmed in my eyes. My mother lunged at me with her fingers outstretched. I gasped, turned, and ran before she could grab me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

I had to be in Mrs. Solomon's pussy. Her cunt looked so succulent. So yummy. It was shaved, exposing every fold of her pussy lips. They bloomed from her vulva, thick and dripping with her juices. She kissed Ms. Lyon squirming on her daughter's mouth.

I pressed my cock against Mrs. Solomon's pussy. I shuddered, so thrilled that she was my slut now. I loved my futa-cock. I slid my dick up and down her folds, her juices soaking into my hot flesh and giving me such a naughty rush.

Ooh, she's going to do it, Mrs. Solomon moaned, breaking her kiss with her fiancee.

Enjoy! Ms. Lyon said. You're going to love it. She's got a huge dick and it's going to ram into your pussy so hard.

So hard! I moaned in agreement as I pushed my girl-dick into the MILF's hot pussy. Oh, Mrs. Solomon, this is going to be the best!

It will be, Mrs. Solomon purred. Fuck me, Chloe!

Fuck her! Ms. Lyon groaned, grinding her pussy on her daughter's mouth. 

I thrust into Mrs. Solomon's pussy in a single go.

Oh, my god, you're so huge! gasped Mrs. Solomon. You're stretching me open. Oh, yes, yes, that feels like my first time.

She was tight. The slut of the neighborhood, the naughty trophy wife who shook her ass at every man, had a cunt that squeezed around my dick. I shuddered at the silky embrace. My breasts jiggled as the pleasure surged down my shaft. 

I groaned, my hands gripping her hips as I buried in her. My balls smacked forward. She moaned and then ducked her head down. She latched onto one of Kendall's nipples. She sucked on it as I reveled in being in the MILF's pussy. 

I drew back my hips, sliding out of the wonderful pussy that I had buried into. Mrs. Solomon moaned around Kendall's nipple while the MILF pussy squeezed around my cock. I shuddered and then thrust back into her depths. I buried hard into Mrs. Solomon, loving the feel of her juicy twat massaging my dick.

Her head snapped up. Chloe! Her hips wiggled, stirring that juicy sheath around my dick. Ooh, you feel so good in me. And your balls... They're so big and heavy with your cum.

Yummy cum, Kendall moaned. Especially in my mom's pussy.

Yes, yes, you're getting all that futa-jizz out of me, groaned Ms. Lyon. She leaned over, her dark hands running over her daughter's mocha-brown stomach. The MILF licked her lips. Yes, yes you're just eating me with such hunger.

Go for it, Alesha! Mrs. Solomon moaned. Don't hold back.

I gasped, realizing why the MILF was leaning over. Yes, yes, just bury your face down between her legs and eat that pussy out! Make her cum! She's going to love it!

Yes! Kendall squealed.

Her mother moved. Ms. Lyon buried her head between her daughter's thighs. The MILF feasted on the pussy she'd created. Mother and daughter moaned, sixty-nining before me. Kendall grabbed her mother's rump, whimpering in delight.

I thrust harder into Mrs. Solomon's pussy. The sight was so hot to see. My little titties jiggled as I plowed into the MILF's cunt. My balls smacked over and over into her clit, making her gasp and groan. Her pussy clenched around my dick on every pull back.

Yes, yes, eat each other's pussies! I moaned. I love eating my mom's pussy!

Ooh, I bet Dianne has a great tasting pussy! gasped Mrs. Solomon.

You're my slut! I moaned. You'll get a taste. You all will!

Yes! squealed Kendall. 

I couldn't wait for that wonderful orgy. I pumped away hard and fast at Mrs. Solomon's cunt while mother and daughter licked and lapped and devoured each other. The sounds of their passion rippled through the room. It was such an amazing thing to hear. It had me smiling in delight that they got to share such a wonderful passion with the other.

They got to lick each other and enjoy all those delights.

My hips pumped away, driving my girl-dick deep into the MILF's cunt. The pleasure shot down my cock to my own pussy. My juices soaked my bush. A mix of spicy and tart twat filled my nose. Mine mixing with Mrs. Solomon's.

That is so hot to watch! the trophy wife moaned, her hips rocking back into my thrusts. Ooh, they are just devouring each other, Chloe.

Mother and daughter love! I moaned, my hands gripping her hips. I pumped at her twat, the ache building and building faster and faster. I would have such an amazing orgasm.

I bit my lip, my balls brimming with my cum. The mother and daughter were moaning into the other's twat. They were loving each other. I thrust hard into Mrs. Solomon's twat. She squeezed around me as I pulled back. The pleasure surged to the tip of my cock.

Yes! I gasped and then I erupted. 

I buried into her pussy as my cum pumped hot and fast into Mrs. Solomon's cunt. She gasped as she felt my seed flooding her. My balls clenched as my cum fired out of them. Delight rippled out of my pussy, juices spilling down my thighs.

Fuck, yes! Mrs. Solomon cried out as her cunt writhed around me. Oh, Chloe, I love your cum pumping into me! Your futa-dick is the best!

I know! I moaned, riding the bliss of my dual delights.

Bliss fired from my cock and rippled out of my spasming cunt. It was such a heady pleasure to enjoy. It surged through me, filling me up. I hit the peak of my euphoria, hovering there while Kendall and her mother were gasping, groaning.

Cumming.

Mom!

Yes, yes, flood me with your juices! Ooh, you taste so good, too, honey!

God, they're sexy! groaned Mrs. Solomon, her pussy's spasms dying around my cock.

They are, I panted, my body swaying. Then my tummy rumbled. I grinned. I knew just what we would have for dinner. 

Pizza on a school night would be the best thing ever. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

You get that ass back here right now! Mom snarled as I ran through the kitchen. I'm going to rip that dildo off your body and spank your ass red with it.

I had fucked up. I didn't know what to do.

I clutched my new futa-dick as my long legs stretched out before me. Panic rippled through my mind. It didn't work. I couldn't mind-control my mother. I was so dead. I whimpered, groaned. I burst out of the kitchen and saw the stairs.

I ran up them.

Why?

There was no escape up here. I just trapped myself. 

I glanced over my shoulder to see my mother racing after me, fury on her face. Her fiery hair danced around her shoulders. I whimpered and ran faster. I reached the steps and ran for my bedroom door. I would be safe in there.

It was the most irrational thought I ever had in my life. It didn't make any sense, but I needed to do something. Hide. Calm my mother down. Figure out some lie that could get me out of this mess without her hating me.

I burst through my bedroom door and threw it close behind me. It rasped across the carpet, friction slowing it down. My mom's hand caught it a moment later. I gasped, stepping back as she flung it open.

It hit the wall so hard she dented the drywall.

You nasty, filthy, disgusting child, she snarled, advancing on me.

I backed up, stepping on my sodden boy shorts before I hit the bed and fell onto the mattress. My panties caught on my toes and flicked forward towards my mother. They fell on the floor at her feet. She stopped over them, staring down at me.

Take that nasty toy off! she hissed. I am going to spank you with it. I don't care that your seventeen. You're going to... to... Her words trailed off. Her forehead furrowed.

I trembled on the bed, confusion flitting through me.

What is that smell? She breathed in deeply. A smile crossed her lips. That's so good. What is that?

The only thing I smelled was my pussy. It must be coming from my panties lying before my mother. She glanced down at them and then snagged them up. She pressed them to her face and inhaled the aroma of my pussy. She let out a shuddering groan, almost like a drug addict.

Oh, my god, that smells delicious, she groaned. Is that your pussy, Sasha?

Yes, I said slowly, confused.

That's so good, Mom groaned. She inhaled again.

You're not wanting to beat my ass red with a dildo?

Mmm, of course not. She rubbed the boy shorts in her face, her breasts swelling the front of her t-shirt with her deep breaths. I don't even know why I was mad.

Because I told you to get naked and suck my cock, I said.

Mmm, what a good idea you have, Sasha. She breathed in a final time then pulled the boy shorts from her face. My pussy cream was smeared across her nose and plump lips.

My futa-dick went erect again. It thrust up from my belly, the tip swollen while my heart throbbed through it. My mom hauled up her top, exposing her flat stomach. I shuddered, my breathing quickening.

This was really happening. This was an amazing revelation. Of course, the panties were the key. I should have realized it. They held the magic.

My mom's breasts appeared clad in a magenta sports bra. Her large breasts jiggled in it as she peeled the shirt over her head. Her hair spilled out of the neck hole, her face appearing. She threw the shirt down to the floor then grabbed her sports bra and peeled it off.

I groaned at the sight of her magnificent breasts. My mother had killer tatas. My pussy clenched and my futa-dick throbbed. I bit my lip, my eyes following the sway of them. They wiggled back and forth as she peeled off her yoga pants.

You're staring at my tits like a cat staring at a laser pointer, she said, amusement in her voice.

They're just gorgeous, Mom.

Well, I'm glad you like them, honey. She stepped out of her yoga pants, her breasts bouncing now. Then she peeled off her panties. I wanted to look down at her pussy, but those tits...

God, those tits were amazing. I salivated for them. I wanted to suck on them. I could suck on them. I just had to give her a command, and my mother would do anything I wanted. This was wild. It was incredible.

I would have so much fun.

My mother suddenly dropped to her knees before me. She pressed her tits into my legs, cutting off my vision from them. I blinked, freed from the enchantment of her boobies. Her hand shot out. she grabbed my futa-cock.

Oh, my, gasped Mom. That's such a realistic cock and... It's real. Sasha, honey, how do you have a cock?

I'm a futa now, I said, spreading my legs, my knees sliding over her big boobs. They felt amazing against me. Her nipples were hard and delicious. I have cock, balls, and a pussy. You think it's hot?

Of course it's hot, she groaned. Mmm, my baby girl's grown up to have a big dick. Ooh, this is so much bigger than your asshole father's. This must come from my side of the family.

Don't bad mouth Dad, I snapped. He's a great guy. You're totally over that whole cheating thing. It's your fault for not being a slut like Mrs. Solomon. But you'll be my slut.

Of course I will, she moaned. You're so right. If only I did this to your father, he never would have fucked that skank.

Her head snapped forward. She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my futa-dick. I groaned in delight at the feel of her lips spreading over my cock. It felt amazing. I smiled, the pleasure surging through my body as she sucked and nursed on me.

Her tongue darted around my dick. Her hand fisted my cock while her other cupped my girl-balls. Sensations I had never experienced rippled through me. I grabbed the covers of my bed, gripping them as she blew me. 

My cock was so sensitive. It was like my clit times a thousand. And there was this ache at the tip. A pressure that was matched by the same sensation in my nuts. Jolts zapped from them. They felt so vulnerable. Sensitive. Needing to be handled with care.

Mom did.

Damn! I gasped. You're good at that. Why didn't you ever do this for Dad?

She ripped her mouth off my cock. Power games. I had to control him. Get him to do things I wanted.

God, that's so selfish, I hissed. When I get Dad back, you're going to blow his cock all the time. You love blowing both our cocks. 

This wasn't what I had planned. But I was realizing I could make my family whole and turn my mom and sister into my sluts. Into sluts for me and Dad. Watching Mr. Quick fuck his daughter Bryana had been so hot. I could share them with Dad. He wouldn't have to live so far away.

Yes, yes, I will, Mom moaned.

I bet you still love him, I panted.

Of course I do, she hissed. I was just angry with him. You don't get angry like that if there's not love. He hurt me, but... I see it. It's all my fault. I should have been a better wife to him.

You will be, I groaned and then gasped as she sucked my cock.

I felt the suction reaching past my girly balls to my pussy. My cunt grew juicy, soaking the back of my nuts. Her kneading fingers slid her knuckles across my twat. I groaned in delight as she nursed on me. My smile grew.

First I'd fix my family, then I'd get Mildred Dean and the rest of the block as my slaves. I'd grab those other two pairs of panties and hand them out to women under my control. It would be perfect. Dad would have all the pussy he wanted. He wouldn't have to leave us. 

He could fuck my mom and Mrs. Solomon. We could tag team them.

Yes, yes, yes, I hissed. This will be perfect. We're going to be a family again, Mom! Ooh, I'm going to cum so hard!

The pressure built and built as my mother loved my cock. She nursed with such passion, hurtling me towards my climax. It was building so fast. I stared down at her green eyes blazing with lust. She was addicted to my cock. Nursed on it.

Her tongue swirled around the tip. The crown was so sensitive. The bliss flowed down my dick to my cunt. My balls grew tighter in her massaging hand while my orgasm swelled in the depths of my cunt. 

Two orgasms built in me. A familiar one and the new one.

Being a futa is awesome, I groaned, shuddering and squirming. My toes curled. My breasts jiggled. That's it, Mom. I'm about to cum. The pressure screamed to the pinnacle of my cock. I had to explode. Erupt. Yes!

I climaxed.

My futa-cock spurted hot jizz into my mother's mouth. Pleasure rippled out of my cunt, the familiar waves of bliss that mixed with the powerful jolts firing from my new cock. I gasped, my balls unloading into my mother's mouth.

And she swallowed it down. She gulped down all my spunk. I loved it. I shuddered as she sucked and nursed. Stars exploded across my vision. The juices gushed out, bathing my nuts and her kneading hand. She sucked out the last of my cum from my dick.

Oh, fuck, Mom! I panted, this amazing bliss surging through me. I blinked my eyes. A fluttering delight rippled through me. That was incredible. Just the best. Mmm, thanks, Mom.

She slid her mouth off and moaned, You're welcome. Mmm, your cum tasted amazing. My daughter has a yummy spunk.

I grinned at her. God, I have to fuck you, Mom. You want me to, don't you? You want your daughter's big futa-cock fucking your cunt.

God, yes! she moaned. I'm dripping for it. I haven't had a man since... I need it. Please, please, fuck me. Fuck your mother!

Gladly! I groaned, incestuous passion surging through me. On your back on my bed. I'm going to pound you so hard.

My mom rose and all but threw herself on my bed. Her breasts bounced and heaved, those lovey tatas smacking together. Her legs flashed by my head then she stretched out, her head on my pillows. Her fiery hair spilled over it.

Damn, you're so sexy, Mom, I groaned, turning myself and crawling over her. She spread her legs for me, the pussy that birthed me inviting my dick to slide back into her. Beg. I want to hear how much you want my futa-dick spurting cum inside your pussy.

Sasha, I want you in my pussy! she moaned. I'm so hot and wet for you. I just need your futa-dick in me. Just slide that big cock into my pussy and fuck me so hard. I'm going to just explode if you do that. Then I'll milk your cock dry! All that cum will pump in me. I need it. I'm so horny.

I grinned down at her. Well, Mom, all you had to do was ask, and I would have fucked you any day of the week.

I know now! she moaned, her breasts jiggling as her back arched. She grabbed my cock and yanked my dick towards her pussy. Slide into me. Just ram back into your mother.

Yes! I groaned and lowered myself.

My cock pressed into her silky bush. My balls dangled. I pressed my small tits into my mother's big, soft boobs. Her juicy pussy lips spread over the crown of my cock, her pubic hairs caressing the sides. I shuddered, felt the entrance to her cunt begging for my dick, and thrust away.

My mother's back arched as my futa-dick slammed into her incestuous depths. A rush of heat and pleasure shot through me. She felt so amazing wrapped around me. Just the best. I went further and further into the pussy that birthed me.

Bottomed out in my mom's cunt.

Holy shit, I groaned, the rapture surging through my body.

I know, Sasha! she gasped. You're so huge. I've never had anything this big in me! Ooh, yes, yes, my little Sasha's back in me. This is so hot!

It is. 

I kissed my mother. 

I tasted my salty futa-cum on her lips. She groaned, her mouth working on mine with such passion. Our tongues danced and dueled. A heady rush shot through me. I kissed her with hunger. My tongue worked with hers. I whimpered into her mouth, savoring the feel of her beneath me.

Her legs wrapped around me. Her fingers stroked up and down my back. Then her hands grabbed my rump. She squeezed me. Her finger bit into my ass. I loved how she held me tight. My tongue danced through her mouth.

I drew back. The friction rasped around my futa-dick. My cunt clenched, waves of heat washing from my cock spilling through my twat. She wiggled beneath me, stirring that snatch around my cock. I loved how she felt.

I rammed back into her.

She groaned into the kiss.

My bed creaked as I pumped away at her. It was so incredible to work my cock in and out of my mother's cunt. This heady rush washed through me. It was outstanding. It had me trembling in delight. Every hard thrust into my mother's cunt built the ache at the tip of my girl-dick.

My heavy balls smacked into her flesh. The thudding sound mixed with our moans. Our tongues danced and dueled. We kissed with such hunger. My small breasts rubbed across her large tits. Nipples caressed.

Sparks flew.

I broke the kiss. Fuck, Mom!

Yes, yes, you're fucking me! she groaned. You're fucking your mommy's pussy. Oh, my little girl grew up to have a huge dick!

Yes, yes! I gasped, the headboard banging into the wall. Let me feel that cunt spasming around my big dick, Mom.

Yes! she hissed. Her cunt clenched around my dick. I shuddered, the heat rushing through my body. Oh, Sasha, keep plowing this big dick in me. Ooh, yes, yes!

Mom! I gasped, thrusting into her, our tits rubbing together. She was so soft beneath me.

So tight and hot around me.

The pressure built at the tip of my cock. My balls, smacking into her taint, tightened with my jizz. That heady rush built and built in me. I would fire so much of my cum out from my dick. It would explode from me and baste my mother's cunt.

I slammed into her, and she gasped. Her green eyes widened. Her thighs clenched about me, gripping my hips and stopping me from pulling back. Then she bucked, rubbing those soft tits into my firm, little mounds.

Her pussy went wild around my futa-dick.

Sasha, honey, yes! Mom gasped. Cum in me! Fire all that futa-cum in me!

Mom! I groaned, reveling in her pussy's massaging embrace. The rippling flesh surged me to the brink.

I plunged over the edge into heaven.

My futa-cock pumped my seed into my mother's twat. Spurt after spurt of jizz fired into her. I groaned, the heady rush surging through my body. I whimpered, clenching my eyes close as the bliss spurted out of my futa-dick.

My cunt convulsed. I reveled in the dual pleasures of being a futa. I bucked atop my mother, grinding my tits into her breasts. My girl-cum spurted over and over into her incestuous depths while her cunt milked me. Delight and rapture blazed across my mind.

Mom! 

Sasha! she shrieked. Oh, my fucking god, so much cum! You're amazing! Love you! Love my daughter's futa-dick!

Yes! I howled in triumph, spurting the last blast of cum into my mother's pussy.

I panted there, descending from my bliss. A creak came from outside my door. Someone was outside. My sister. I grinned. I was going to have so much fun tonight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mildred Dean

Traffic was a nightmare this time of evening as everyone fought to get home, but Mrs. Quick and I had made it across the city to the suburbs on the other side from where she lived. We passed into the peaceful streets, my excitement mounting and mounting as we neared my reverend's house.

This is going to be so much fun, Mrs. Quick said. She clutched my panties, still soaking wet. They would never dry out as far as I could tell. Which was good. They were the key to my mind-controlling power.

Yes, it will be, I said and then smiled as the blonde MILF pressed the panties to her face. She breathed in deeply. She smiled, delight bursting across her face. She let out a heavy sigh of delight at the tangy aroma of my pussy. 

I turned onto a cul-de-sac. It was an older neighborhood, built in the Post-War Boom. One story ranch houses dominated, painted russet reds and sky blues and bark browns. I went straight for the gray house near the end of the street. The reverend's car was in the driveway, an old but well-maintained Toyota. I pulled up behind it.

Turned off my car's engine.

Let's go say hi, I said, eager to enjoy the reverend's beautiful wife and teenage daughter.

To be continued...