My First Time With My Dog
by Gina (grtdanegirl)

The first sexual experience I ever had with a dog was when I was 14. I was starting to break out of my shy teenage girl phase, had been wearing a bra for about a year. He was a rottweiler/black lab mix, still a puppy at 
heart.

I was alone in my room, taking a nap after school. I was in my t-shirt and 
panties, and since it was still warm weather, wasn't under the covers. I 
was having a crazy sex dream, though I forget about what specifically, it 
must have been good because I was so wet! Anyway I don't know what led up to it, but I do remember being at the point in the dream where I was about to have an orgasm. I woke up just in time to look down and see my dog happily licking away at me through my panties. I didn't know what to do, and in fact, couldn't do anything but let the orgasm happen. As it happened I felt his licking change a little bit... like he was trying 
harder to lick up the juices that were flowing.

I became very embarrassed. I didn't know what to do or think. I shooed him away and went to take a shower so I could think. First thoughts that went through my head were how gross that was. Then I thought about how good it felt. I couldn't reconcile my feelings, and I didn't tell anyone about it. 
I didn't do anything else with him for a while.

Maybe two or three weeks later, I was alone on my bed with my dog. I was reading, he was lying there, thinking about whatever it is dogs think 
about. I realized we were alone in the house and it got my mind to 
thinking about what had happened earlier. About how good it felt. I wanted to try it again -- you know, the scientific method -- to make sure how I felt about it. I closed and locked my door, peeled my panties off, and sat back on the bed with my legs parted. I felt so weird about calling him over to me to have him lick, but as soon as his tongue touched my moist clit, I forgot all about all that weirdness. The sensation of his tongue running all the way up my crack was amazing, and it made me very horny very fast. It wasn't long before I was curling my toes up and having an orgasm right there for him! His tongue felt very nice on my pussy, and it made me squirm like I never had before. I ended up having a few, maybe four or five, orgasms as he happily licked away.

Ever since then I've been totally hooked!





My First Time With My Neighbor's Dog

After I had been getting regular lickings from my dog, I started to wonder 
if all dogs liked to lick. It wouldn't be long before I found out. I must 
have been about 15.

I was outside playing in my yard with my dog when my neighbor waved at me. 
I waved back. He was relatively new in town and we hadn't spoken before, so when he invited me to come over and talk, I didn't think much of it.

"Hi there," he said, "pretty dog you've got."

"Thanks!" I said.

"Would you like to meet my German Shepherd?"

"Would I!" I put my dog in the house and went over to say hi. I didn't 
think anything would become of it, but I do like dogs, and always like to 
meet a new one.

I went into his house and saw the sweetest, biggest Shep I've ever seen. I petted him, scratched his ears, and he seemed like a very nice dog. I was barefooted and wearing short shorts, and I sort of felt that the guy was checking me out, but I was in my young show-off stage, so I didn't mind.

"You know... he likes to lick feet," my neighbor told me.

"What?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Well, I've seen you outside playing with your dog, and I've seen him 
licking your feet," he explained. "Just thought I'd mention that."

"Oh..." I was embarrassed, because I didn't think anyone saw that. "Well, 
I know it's a lil weird, but it feels good, especially after I've been running."

"I know," he said. "Lots of people do it. It's not weird."

So, I was barefooted, and he already knew, so I figured, why not? So I got up on his couch and wiggled my toes a bit. The dog reacted favorably, and got down to lick my toes. I squealed as his tongue tickled them. He had licked for a while and I got that familiar tingling down there. I was 
going to have to go home and play with myself, I thought...

"What would you think if he licked up a little bit, Gina?" he asked.

I was a little shocked, but when I get horny, my blush reflex drops. 
"What, you mean my calves?" I asked innocently.

"Yeah."

"Hmm, well, I'd probably let him."

"Would it feel good?" he asked.

"Umm, I don't know."

"Let's find out," he said, as he patted the dog on the rump. He moved his 
head up a little and his owner repositioned his head so he was licking up 
my ankles. It was really surprising me how good it felt, and how easily I 
was letting him know that. His big tongue worked its way up my shaved 
calf, and I giggled a bit.

"What if he licked a little higher?" he asked.

"Huh?" I said. I was totally lost in the licking.

"Like to your thighs," he said, totally naturally. "Would you like that?"

"Inner or outer?" I asked, still trying to maintain my innocence. I didn't 
really want to let a total stranger know that I'd love for his dog to lick 
my thighs.

"Inner," he said, seeing right through my supposed innocence.

"Umm," I started, but too late, as he was guiding the big dog's head up 
more, past my knee. I was getting really wet, and squirmed at the feeling.

"See, don't you like that?" he asked. All I could do was nod my head. It 
felt so good, and his cold nose was brushing against the fine line between 
my shorts and my skin.

I could see that my neighbor was really liking this, and I was in heaven. 
I was really hoping he'd ask the next question. In my mind I was begging 
him to. But he held out for what seemed like forever. Could have been 
about five minutes, but it seemed like a week. He could see how much I was enjoying having my thigh licked. Then, finally, he asked.

"What if he licked up a little higher?"

"What if I'm not that kind of a girl?" I half-heartedly asked. He 
chuckled, and I did too. I kicked my shorts off and parted my legs for 
both of them.

"Do you shave, or do you just naturally not have any hair there?" he 
asked.

"I've been shaving for a while now," I said. Just then I felt the tongue 
on my slit. I moaned and closed my eyes as it worked its way up and down.

"It looks very nice," he said. I couldn't reply. All I could do was lay 
back and enjoy the licking. My feet went up in the air as his tongue went 
up inside me. "I was hoping you were that kind of girl from the first time 
I saw you outisde with your dog," he smiled. "When I saw the way you 
squirmed when he licked your feet I knew it."

I didn't say anything. My pussy was drenched, from his tongue and from all the dripping it was doing on its own. I closed my eyes and let him take me to one orgasm after another.

I can't really remember how that day ended, except that I was in pure 
ecstasy for most of it. I walked home in a daze, took a bath, and went to 
bed early, exhausted but most certainly with a smile on my face.




Just The Other Day (short story)
by Gina (grtdanegirl)

Just the other day I had a great experience that I feel like sharing.

I have a big sweet Great Dane who keeps me company at home. As you probably have gathered by now, if you've read any of my other stories, we're more than just  friends.

There I was, on the couch, filling out my census form. I had a skirt on so my legs were bare. He started by licking my bare feet, tongue going in between my toes, tickling but feeling so good too. After a while, he started licking my legs, and trying to stick his nose up my skirt. I was trying to concentrate on the form but I decided to let him continue. I even hiked up my skirt a little for him. Bad me! Soon he was licking at my panties and I felt weak in the knees. His hot breath and cold wet nose always make me tingle.

I finally gave up on the census (hey, I eventually sent it back) and pulled my  soaked panties down and off. I pulled my skirt way up and got on my back on the couch and spread my legs. He licked and licked, his wet tongue parting my pussy lips, flicking my clit up with each slurp. He licked me all the way, from crack to crack.
His tongue would try to work up my anus, then with the next lick it'd slip inside my wet pussy. I just spread my cheeks far apart and let him eat it all, tender asshole and sensitive pussy, and he didn't stop when I came either. 

He is so good at licking pussy and ass, and I am training him to be better at full body tongue baths.




In Defense Of Being Licked By Dogs
by Gina (grtdanegirl)

This is a quick note for all you haters out there. And thankfully, there aren't many.
Most who have contacted me have been very supportive. Thank you!

There is nothing wrong with letting a dog eat your pussy, girls. If it feels good, go for it. There are some lucky dogs out there, and there are some even luckier girls!

Yes, I have normal relationships with boys. Most of them don't know about the dog or if they do they have no idea of the scope of our relationship. That's just fine with me. I can let a boy have sex with me for 20 minutes and go home and my dog will eat me for hours afterward. He will lick my ass, which most boys won't even consider. Some boys are not pussy eaters and never will be. That's fine. The dog loves going down on
me. His tongue is strong and seems like he never gets tired. He loves my pussy and he realizes how good he makes me feel. He's the perfect sex toy for a horny teenager!

If women only knew the sexual pleasure awaiting them in the form of dog tongue they'd all go out and get a dog tomorrow. I've been getting licked since I was 14, by a few different dogs, and they are all amazing at lapping up my wetness. His big, smooth, eager tongue feels so good, and I don't have to worry about mind games, birth control, or anything but selfish pleasure.

I'd write more but I have an appointment with a licking. Getting moist just thinking about it!
