Summary: Mary makes use of the services of a clinic that disciplines naughty boyfriends and husbands.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Mary, Mary

Mary, Mary  (F/M spank)

"This is a series of photographs of an actual paddling at our 
facility," Governess Alisha said.  "This is the mildest discipline 
that we administer.  The standard dose is about thirty to thirty five 
swats.  The male is bent over across what we call the punishment 
bench, and he is secured in place so that he can not move.  Then the 
discipline is administered."

Mary almost visibly trembled with excitement as she stared at the 
photographs.  The series showed action shots of the progression of a 
paddling.  The woman administering the discipline had her hair in a 
ponytail, which showed obvious motion as she wielded the instrument.  
She bent her knees as she propelled the swats into the bound 
recipient.  The photographs of her face showed lips pressed tightly 
together in an expression of determination.  The photographs of the 
male's face showed wide eyes and a surprised, pained expression.  The 
pictures of his bared buttocks plainly showed the effects of the 
expert woman's attentions.

"Uhm.. interesting," Mary replied, and turned the page of the album 
to the following section.

"This next section shows some strappings.  The instrument used is 
called a tawse, and is very effective."

Mary gazed at the pictures of a serious-looking woman wielding the 
tawse with obvious force.  The recipient in this case displayed 
clenched teeth and a contorted expression on his face.  Other 
pictures showed the progressive accumulation of strap marks on his 
bared buttocks and further action shots of the governess wielding the 
strap.

"A strapping ordinarily consists of fifty strokes.  A more severe 
strapping will have a hundred or more strokes, at our discretion."

Mary's hands visibly trembled as she turned the pages.

"What you see here is a caning.  These are among the most severe 
discipline packages we offer.  The cane is a length of rattan.  As 
you can see, each stroke leaves a raised weal on the buttocks.  
Canings are administered in sets of dozens.  A caning of one-dozen 
strokes is given after a preparatory paddling of twenty strokes.  
When a caning of two or three dozen strokes is selected, we dispense 
with the warm-up paddling."

Mary's breathing deepened when she saw the pictures of the 
progression of a caning.  The recipient's face showed his mouth wide 
open, no doubt shouting from the acute sensation.

"As you will see when you turn the page, when a caning of more than 
twenty four strokes is given, about half of the strokes are given on 
top of previous ones, and are diagonally placed.  This also has the 
effect of intensifying the punishment."

Mary gazed for a while at the picture of the criss-crossed weals.  "I 
think I've seen enough.  My mind is made up."

Alisha smiled inwardly.  She had seen the reaction before, and knew 
that she had a new customer.  She was confident when she met the 
spry, bright-eyed Mary, that the conclusion of their meeting would be 
one or more sessions.

"When you make the appointment a non-refundable deposit of half the 
fee is required," Alisha stated.  "Also, we request that you 
accompany him to the clinic on every visit."

"Will I get to watch him while, uhm..."

"We ask that you not observe the first discipline session.  During 
subsequent sessions, should they be required, you are welcome to view 
the session from an adjoining private observation booth."

"Private?"

"If I may be very candid, some women find that observing the 
administration of discipline is... highly erotic.  Thus, the 
privacy."

"Can you tell me more about the sessions..."

"When you bring your boyfriend or husband in for discipline, two 
members of the staff take him to the asssigned room where his 
treatment will take place.  There are always two of the staff in 
attendance at a session - the discipline administrator and a nurse.  
The nurse also takes notes on any details of the session. The door is 
then locked, and the male is to strip completely and position himself 
bent over at the waist.  The governess in charge then affixes his 
bindings in place.  She binds his wrists and ankles to the punishment 
bench.  Then she will cinch a binding strap around his waist to 
assure as little movement as possible."

Alisha had Mary's wide-eyed attention.

"The nurse will record his pulse rate and temperature, after which 
the governess initiates the prescribed discipline.  The discipline 
itself never requires more than a few minutes.  Afterward, the nurse 
will again record his pulse and temperature.  The recipient must then 
stay secured in position for ten minutes before being released."

"I can almost anticipate your next question," Alisha said.  "Let's 
see if I have it right - you want to know about the governesses on 
the staff."

"That's amazing!  How did you know?"

"You are far from the only one on your situation.  After all, if 
there were no demand for our services, we would not be offering 
them."

Mary was releived to know that she was not alone.

"Back to your question about the staff.  The governesses - those who 
administer discipline - are very experienced at what they do.  They 
typically are employed part time by us, and may have part time 
employment outside the clinic.  They could be at the checkout counter 
of the grocery store; they could be your hairdresser; a department 
store clerk; a student at college - or a housewife."

A flash of insight came to Mary when she recalled her latest hair 
appointment.  A printed flyer had been left as a bookmark in a 
magazine she was reading.  She was about to discard it when the 
wording caught her eye. 'Ladies: Discipline problems with your 
husband/lover?  Let us do it for you.'  It went on to suggest that a 
woman doesn't need to learn the complex art of administering 
discipline, and that the staff at this clinic could assist, and gave 
a phone number for more information and an interview.  She 
inconspicuously folded the ad and kept it.  That led to the present 
interview.

Now Mary wondered who had placed the ad where she found it - was it 
one of the hairdressers, or was it a satisfied customer?

Alisha spoke again.  "You may need some time to make a decision and 
arrange things.  Feel free to call the clinic if you have any 
questions."  She stood up, shook Mary's hand, and left.

The previous evening, Mary had told her boyfriend, Max, that she 
wanted to break up.  He, predictably, promised to treat her better - 
as he had done several times before.  She told him no, this is a 
predictable pattern and the same thing will happen again in a couple 
of months.  After a long and sometimes heated discussion, Mary told 
him that this time will be different, and that she will decide the 
conditions under which she will keep seeing him, and to come over the 
following evening and she will let him know.

When he did come over he was astounded when she outlined the terms of 
staying together - he was to receive physical discipline at the 
clinic, whenever she decided that he needed it.  They discussed; they 
argued; they talked.  In the end, Mary stood firm and gave him twenty 
four hours to agree to her terms, and even if he did, there would be 
no sex until after the first appointment.

He reluctantly agreed, and Mary made an appointment for Max to be 
paddled.  She agreed that a dose of thirty five swats would be good.

Two days later they went through the clinic's main entrance and were 
shown a small waiting room in which Mary would spend her time while 
Max received his due.  They were both excited for different reasons, 
and both tried not to show their excitement.  Max's was more 
trepidation than excitement.

The door opened and two women told Max to come with them.  His heart 
pounded as he followed Nurse Sabina and Governess Kat.  They went 
into a rather large room, in the center of which was a padded 
structure that was bolted to the floor.  On each wall there were 
several small windows which appeared to be mirrors.  He noticed one 
of the two video cameras inconspicuously mounted near the ceiling.

Nurse Sabina told him to strip completely.  Kat had him bend over 
across the punishment bench, and secured his wrists to each side of 
the structure.  His bared buttocks were well presented for what was 
to come.  Kat secured his ankles to the bench, and snugly cinched a 
binding strap around his waist.

Max's mouth went dry.  He didn't know quite what to expect, and the 
inevitability of the situation became clear as he realized he would 
have to take all the punishment that Kat was to give him.

The governess retrieved a hardwood paddle and stood in front of him 
while Nurse Sabina recorded his pulse.  The nurse went behind him and 
inserted a rectal thermometer.

Max wondered how hard Kat would spank him.  He looked at his spanker 
- she appeared to be in her mid twenties, and dressed in ordinary 
street clothes - a short dress and sandals.  Her medium length dark 
hair was in a ponytail, and her full lips betrayed no emotion.

Kat then slowly paced around the room while Max retained the rectal 
thermometer.  Kat knew that there were observers in some of the 
booths - probably new applicants in training for governess positions. 
 This was becoming very popular and there was always an oversupply of 
women wanting to be hired there.

Kat always experienced sexual excitement from wielding the paddle and 
strap.  She felt fortunate that her current boyfriend accepted 
discipline from her.  Not that he had a choice if he wanted to be her 
boyfriend.

Nurse Sabina removed the thermometer, made a note, and stood before 
Max, signifying that the discipline was to begin.

Kat took her place, spread her feet, slightly bent her knees and 
touched the paddle against Max's exposed bottom to gauge her 
position.

"Thirty five strokes is your prescribed punishment," Kat announced.  
"We will begin now!"

Kat had done this countless times before.  She kept her eye on the 
recipient's bared bottom, drew the paddle far back, and swiveled her 
hips as she expertly delivered the first swat.

A loud "whack!" reverberated through the room, immediately followed 
by Max's exclamation of "UHHHHH!"

"One!" Sabina announced.

Kat counted to three, drew the paddle back again, and delivered the 
second stroke.

Whack! "AUHHHHHH!" "Two!"

Whack! "OWWWW!" "Three!"

Max was bewildered by the intensity of the hot stinging sensation all 
over his buttocks.  Each paddle stroke had a cumulative effect, and 
added to the one before it.

Whack!  "AHHHHHHH!" "Four!"

Whack!  "OWW! NOT SO HARD!"  "Five!"

Mary sipped coffee in the small waiting room and absent mindedly 
flipped through a magazine while Max was being paddled.  She wondered 
about several things - how Max was taking it; whether it would do any 
good; if the session she chose was either too severe or not severe 
enough.  There was one thing that occupied her mind above all else - 
she wanted to observe Max getting it.  While she did not acknowledge 
any erotic stimulation from this, she did wonder about the twinges 
she felt between her legs, and dismissed those to general excitement. 
 Meanwhile, the paddling relentlessly continued.

Whack!  "NO MORE! NO MORE!  PLEASE STOP!"  "Eighteen!"

Whack!  "STOP! JUST FOR A MINUTE!"  "Nineteen!"

Whack!  "UHHHH! PLEASE! PLEASE STOP!"  "Twenty!"

Max had never gone through anything like this before.  Every swat of 
the paddle seemed hotter than the one before.  His buttocks felt 
ablaze.  And she keeps hitting me!  Why can't she stop for a minute?  
Why does she have to paddle so hard? ...

Whack!  "AAAAAAAAAH!"  "Thirty one!"

Kat readied the next swat.  Four more and it'll be over.  I wish I 
could go on longer with this one.  The way he carries on makes my 
work worthwhile.  And he's got to take every last swat I give him.  
I'd better make the rest of them really count for something.  I love 
it.  Unhhh...

Whaaaack!  "OWWWWW! AAAAUGH!"  "Thirty two!"

Whaaaack!  "NO! NO! STOP!"  "Thirty three!"

Whaaaack!  "PLEASE! MERCY! AAAAH!"  "Thirty four!"

Whaaaack!  "AAAAAAAAUGH!"  "Thirty five!"

Kat hung the paddle on the wall and watched as Sabina again inserted 
the rectal thermometer and recorded the pulse of the bound male.  
Then for the remainder of the ten minutes she paced around the room.

Max looked visibly shaken when Kat and Sabina returned him to the 
room where Mary waited.  Without a word, she got up, took his hand, 
and they left.

That evening they had an especially intense lovemaking session, and 
Mary was satisfied for a few weeks.  Characteristically, old patterns 
set in again, and Max backslid into his prior mode of behavior.

Mary dreaded having to confront the problmems in the relationship, 
but decided that if it was not going to work, she should know before 
any long term commitments.  She told Max that he would have to 
receive another discipline session or not see her again.  They argued 
for a while, and he reluctantly agreed to a discipline session.  Mary 
chose the three-dozen stroke caning for Max, reasoning that a very 
severe session would determine the direction of the relationship.  
When she made the appointment she mentioned that she wanted to 
observe the session.

They arrived together and were quickly led to a waiting room.  As 
soon as the nurse and Kim, the canemistress, led Max to the 
discipline room, the receptionist escorted Mary to one of the many 
observation rooms.

Mary, her heart pounding, locked the door to the small dark room and 
seated herself on the padded bench provided for the observers.  There 
were two video screens in view in addition to the one-way window 
through which she could see the entire room.  Every sound from the 
room came through the speakers.  She wathed Max being secured into 
place, and one of the video monitors focused on his bared bottom.  
The other monitor took in the entire punishment bench from the front, 
so she could see the governess administering as well as Max's facial 
expressions.

Kim, a tall, slender blonde, appeared very young - as if still in 
college.  She had a small mouth with full red lips.  She wore a white 
blouse and her jeans came down just below her knees, nicely showing 
off her calves and sandaled feet.  She retrieved a straight rattan 
cane and paced while the nurse was taking Max's temperature.

"Oh God," Mary said aloud to herself.  Although she knew that Max was 
going to be severely punished, she had to admit now that she was 
highly stimulated by what she saw.

The nurse stood before Max.  Kim ran her hand lightly all over Max's 
bared buttocks for about a minute, as if gettting a feel for the 
target area.

Then in a rather high but dominant voice, she announced, "Your 
prescribed punishment today is thirty six strokes of the rattan cane. 
 It will be very severe, and you are likely to beg me to stop.  It 
will do no good to beg, however, since I will give you the entire 
prescribed dose.  We will begin now.  Nurse, please count the 
strokes."

Kim lightly tapped the rattan instrument several times on Max's bared 
buttocks.  A flick of her wrist and a swivel of her hips, followed by 
the sound of a switch through the air, and suddenly a flash of pain 
invaded Max's consciousness.  The sharp pain, all across his 
buttocks, intensified for a couple seconds and then peaked.  As the 
weal turned red, he cried out, "AHHHH!"

A few seconds later Kim placed another striation immediately next to 
the first one.

Max's exclamation of "OHHHH!" filled the room.

Whippp!  "AAAAUGH!"  "Three!"

Mary watched with wide eyes; she couldn't get enough of the scene 
before her.  She had conflicting emotions about what she saw.  Max 
was, after all, her lover, but then he needed to learn a lesson.  
This was very severe, and she felt for him, but she could not doubt 
the effectiveness of the punishment.  And, the tingling between her 
legs got stronger with each passing moment, and was impossible to 
ignore.

Max cried out with longer and more strident shouts as his punishment 
progressed.  As most do, he fervently begged Kim to stop.  Only for a 
minute, he pleaded.  If only she wouldn't stike so hard, he was 
convinced, he might be able to take it.  But Kim's arm relentlessly 
applied the sleek cane as she had done countless times, without 
stopping, and each stroke was accurate and effective as the previous 
one.

When Kim had applied half the allotment, she placed subsequent 
strokes diagonally across his buttocks.  The sudden intensity of each 
flash of pain from the intersecting striations convinced Max that he 
could not endure Kim's administration of discipline.  He begged her 
to stop; he shouted that he could not take it.  Kim had heard this 
litany over and over, and paid no heed as she continued to apply the 
overlapping stripes.

Mary could stand it no longer, and breathlessly shoved her hand 
inside her damp panties.  She was taken aback at the profuse cream 
she encountered.  She kept her gaze upon Kim's dispassionate and 
relentless caning of Max's bound buttocks and the intersecting 
striations, and used her slippery cream as a lubricant.  It took 
scarcely a half minute for Mary to climax.  By then Kim had applied 
the full measure of discipline to Max, and the nurse inserted the 
rectal thermometer.  Mary felt her whole body blush from the 
afterglow of her orgasm, and stared into the room through the one-way 
window.  She knew she had to seriously think about what she had seen 
that day.

Three weeks later, she waited nervously after dialing the telephone.  
"Alisha, this is Mary - you may remember that I brought Max in for a 
session recently.  I - I'd like to talk to you about working there... 
 Oh, thank you!  No, I don't mind - I admit I have a lot to learn...  
Twenty five hours a week.  Thank you... I'm looking forward to 
starting there.  I'll be there!"

"I can't take this anymore," she said aloud after she hung up the 
phone.  She hurriedly yanked down her panties and took them off, then 
hiked her dress up above her naked hips.  She reclined on the sofa 
and splayed her legs.  Her head back, she closed her eyes and 
visualized herself in the discipline room at the clinic, a rattan 
cane in her hand, administering stroke after stroke on the bared 
buttocks of the captive male.  Her fingers worked feversihly on her 
slippery womanhood.  In her fantasy she saw the angry red striations 
appear on her target as the nurse dispassionately counted the 
strokes.  Flashes of light intruded on her fantasy scene when her 
orgasm took hold and wrenched her insides.

The following day she stepped inside the clinic and began her 
training.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
