The Mirror Image
by sexysadie777

Sir plays with her pussy in front of a mirror.

I'm not always that confident in myself and in my body and he knows that. But I told him that the idea of watching myself in the mirror turns me on.

He has me strip naked, sitting on the bed between his legs, my back to his front. My legs are open wide, placed over each of his. His feet trap mine, pinning my legs into position so that every inch of me is exposed. My ass is nestled right up against him, feeling his hardening cock against my backside.

I look straight ahead and see my own reflection in the full-length mirror that faces the base of the bed. His face is next to mine in the reflection, watching me look myself over. My green eyes trace the curves of my body with hesitation, getting comfortable. My pierced nipples stand out in the cool air of the room, peaked on my 38DDs. My soft tummy leads down to the apex of my thighs, my pussy bare and spread wide.

"You look so beautiful, babe," he said, drinking in my reflection.

"Thank you," I reply, blushing, eyes meeting his in the mirror.

He starts kissing the back of my neck, teasing the spot that drives me crazy right down the slope to my shoulder. His hands trace my skin softly, rising to cup my breasts. His soft hands knead at my warm flesh as his tongue starts licking the salty sweat from the side of my neck.

He starts pinching each of my peaked nipples between his thumb and forefinger, pulling on the piercings. I let out a soft groan, I love when he teases my nipples. He keeps pinching, pulling, and my back arches to press my breasts further into his hands. My ass pushes back and grinds into his hard cock.

My left hand starts reaching back between our bodies, hoping to feel his hard cock with my hand. "Leave it, baby. This is about you," he says, taking my left hand and removing it from his cock.

He moves his left hand back to my left nipple while his right hand starts moving over my soft tummy. His fingers lightly trace my flesh and give me goosebumps. He moves his hand further south, tracing below my bellybutton and stroking the top of my mound. I take a deep breath in anticipation, watching his hand in the mirror. He runs his whole hand over my pussy, feeling my warmth.

He groans in approval when his hand feels my wetness. "You're always ready for me. Good girl," he says.

I nod at him, meeting his eyes in the mirror. He takes his right hand from between my legs and brings it to my mouth. I open wide as he puts his three middle fingers inside my mouth. Keeping his eye contact, I suck, taking his fingers deep inside my warm, wet mouth. He pushes them down my throat and I pretend it's his hard cock I'm sucking. The fingers are at the back of my throat, and I gag a little, spit gathering at the corners of my mouth. He pulls the fingers out, spit tracing from his fingertips to my lips.

His left hand squeezes my nipple approvingly and he moves his right hand back down to the apex of my thighs. He places his middle finger right between my pussy lips and his other fingers on either side of my lips. His whole hand covers me, my spit mixing with my pussy juice.

My right hand comes up to replace his, cupping my right breast and feeling its fullness. I pull the metal between my fingers, rolling and teasing my right nipple while he does the same to my left. His middle finger strokes up and down, finding my clit and circling there. My hips start to move against his hand, meeting his ministrations. He stops his stroking and lightly taps my pussy with his open hand.

"Control it, don't get excited too quick."

I nod and halt my movements, settling back against his strong hold. He taps against my pussy again, a little harder this time. "Use your words," he admonishes.

"Yes, sir." I say, meeting his gaze in the mirror.

"Good girl." His middle finger goes back to teasing me, gently. Running up and down the length of my pussy. Trailing through my wetness. He groans against my neck as he plunges his middle finger deep inside of me. His long finger is curved and he is hitting my gspot just right, the palm of his hand rubbing against my sensitive clit. He knows just how I like it. He starts to move his finger, in and out, up and around. He's testing me. I try to keep my hips still; I want my reward.

I watch in the mirror as he continues playing with me. My cheeks are flushed, my legs still pressed open. My breasts bouncing slightly with his movements.

He catches my eye in the mirror again, watching me watch us. He nods approvingly and adds his pointer finger, filling me more, giving me what I want. His two fingers move inside of me and my muscles clench around him. He drives my body crazy, and he knows it. He continues pumping his fingers and rubbing against my clit with his thumb, working up a rhythm. It's really hard to keep still now and the muscles in my legs are strained as I try to keep from moving.

I can see my wetness coating his hand in the mirror, I'm so close. "Please, can I move?" I ask, meeting his eyes. "Yes, you can," he permits.

I sigh in relief and let my hips move as they wish. His legs are still holding mine open, so my mobility is limited. But my hips buck against his hand, giving me the friction I crave. My pussy muscles clench and I can tell I'm close to cumming. My head rolls back against his shoulder and my eyes start to close.

"Nuh uh," he admonishes. "You need to watch so you can see how beautiful you are when you cum for me," he says. He takes his left hand from my breast and uses it to grab my throat, facing my gaze back toward the mirror. My left hand reaches up to fill his absence and now both of my hands are covering my breasts, playing with my nipples.

I do as he says and look at myself, hips bucking wildly, tits bouncing with every thrust. "Yes sir." His left hand stays on my throat, squeezing gently.

"Now cum for me," he says in my ear, picking up pace with his fingers. I bite my lip and start grinding harder against his hand. His fingers pump faster and my feet and legs cramp tightly. As he feels my pussy spasm, he tightens his grip on my throat, choking me at exactly the right time.

"I'm cumming," I squeak out with a moan. My legs are shaking, and my gaze is on myself in the mirror. I feel my pussy spasm quicker, stronger. My legs try to close but his are trapping me open. My ass clenches and my hips bow off the bed, arching toward his hand.

"Oh fuck," I exclaim, my legs going slack, feeling the little spasms and afterwaves of my orgasm. His hand and legs lighten their grip but his hard body stays supporting mine as my muscles go limp.

"Now wasn't that a beautiful sight," he says, kissing me on the forehead.
