					What's your Pleasure (b/M, incest, hyno)


Chapter 1

My son hyponized me! I can't remember when or how but he did. All he has to do is say "Dad, I'm 
horny" and I automatically drop to my knees, hands at my side and respond "What's your pleasure". But before, I go any further, little background. I'm pushing 40, divorced for a few years and I have full custody of my high school son Jack. He's not a bad kid, get good grades but tends to be a loner, spending most of his time in front of his computer. I work for one of those multinational corporations that cares more about profits rather than people. It's boring but it pays the mortgage, alimony and puts food on the table. I haven't dated since the divorce and have compiled a good library of jerk-off videos.

Anyway, getting back to the story, the first time I found myself on my knees, my son explained everything. As far back as he could remember, I knew that he was gay and that his favorite fantasy was having sex with me. (he didnt go into details but I had an idea) As he talked, he removed his clothes. His shirt was first to go. I never really looked at him before but now I did. He has broad shoulder and a flat abs. You could tell he worked out. He continued his story, telling me that he had done extensive research into hypnosis and that I was his first subject. He went on to say that I was easily hypnotized and that he conditioned me to get excited looking at nude males and that nude women would do nothing to me. At this point I did notice that my dick had grown. He removed his pants and his thighs were as firm as his abs (My cock got even harder seeing him in only his underwear). Further, he said, that I would be unable to talk about this to anyone (he never mentioned anything about writing about it, so I am) and that he was planning to keep this between the two of us (yea right!). Finally, he said that he wouldnt force me to do something that I really didnt want to do as hypnosis can do that. Having finished his speech, he whipped off his underwear exposing his cock. It was gorgeous, nestled in a patch of brown hair, it was about 5 soft but thick. Boy, was it thick. Putting his hands on his hips he said, Well? I couldnt believe it, here was my son, an Adonis, standing before me. My dick was as harder than it has ever been and all I could say is what is your pleasure

Im glad, he said, because if you werent interested, I would have removed the hypnosis. My only response was to open my pants and start stroking my dick. My eyes never left his cock which he stroked to fullness and moved towards me. As he reached me, my mouth opened accepting about 2 inches of his now hard cock. As my lips enclosed around it and my tongue began to bath the head, my own cock erupted, spewing what seemed to be gallons of cum all over my hands and floor. It was the most powerful orgasm I ever had. This seem to be trigger something in Jack as my mouth was flooded with boycream. I gulped as fast as I could but it still overflowed out of my mouth and down my chin. As quickly as it started, the boygoo stopped. Jack pulled his cock from my mouth, bent down, licked his cum off my chin and kissed me, giving me a tongue bath like no woman had. Moving away, Jack said, Thatll do and which point I collapsed in a heap where I was. I now realized that that was the phrase that releases me from the hypnosis.

Later in bed, I replayed the whole scene in my head while stroking my cock. Only this time, I tasted the whole thing and not just the head. My orgasm was almost as good as that afternoons. I fell asleep with the taste of my own cum on my lips and a smile on my face.

Chapter 2


Over the next few days, things seemed to get back to normal, Jack hadnt used me and I spent a lot of time thinking about sucking his cock and what it would feel like to be fucked. I had a constant hard-on and I wasnt even hypnotized.  Looking back at things, I had fantasies about other men but never acted on it. My fantasies were about being held down and face fucked by a gang of men. I would masturbated to images of hard cocks being forced down my throat. As each new guy took his turn, his cock seemed to be bigger than the last, forcing my lips and throat to expand. But always the last cock, before I came, was 10 long and 3 fat.  I would always cum when this monster was completely imbedded in my throat
discharging what seemed to be a gallon of cum filling my belly like I had just eaten a full course meal. My fantasies never included getting fucked but I hinted to my ex-wife that she could fuck me with a strap-on. (She thought that was sick and I never mentioned it again)

But things were about to change. It was Sunday morning and I had slept late, awaking to the sounds of Jack making breakfast. Throwing on a robe, (I sleep naked), I went down to the kitchen. On the floor by the door was his overnight suitcase and he was wrapping food. I had forgotten that he was going on a week long school trip. Morning, all packed, I said, moving towards him.  He turned, smiling and said Daddy, I horny. Once again, I fell to my knees, what is your pleasure.  I had been right behind him when he spoke those words so that when I went to my knees and he turned around, his crotch was in my face.  Suck is all he said. My dick got instantly hard as I un zipped his pants and freed his cock. As I stroked him, my fantasies filled my brain. Without thought, I took him in my mouth all the way so that my lips touched his belly. It felt so good and so natural. I began sucking him in long strokes, taking him as deep into my mouth and throat as possible. My hand instantly went to my cock. Stop! he cried.  I froze. When you are under my control, you will not touch yourself or cum unless I tell you to. Once you are free, you can do whatever you want. Understand? Not wanting to let go of his organ, I just nodded and move my hand away from my cock.

Good, now get naked and bend over the table, its time to fuck, he said, taking off his pants. I had quickly removed my robe and bent over the table exposing my ass to him. I instinctively spread my legs to give him access and found that I was actually looking forward to feeling his cock in me. Meanwhile, my own cock wanted to cum but I couldnt. I had been ordered not to. It felt like my cock got bigger and bigger like a balloon that was ready to explode.

I heard Jack moving around behind me when he placed a can of Cisco grease near my head. Since you are cherry, I will take it easy on you this time. That means Im going to open you up with my fingers first. When youre ready for my cock, I will go slowly so that I dont tear you apart. But before warned, I will not be so nice in the future. With that said, he scooped some cisco on his fingers and pushed his index finger into me. His finger went in to the first knuckle easily but then met some resistance. He fucked me this way for a few minutes letting me get used to his finger. As for me, my body tighten around his finger but my mind seemed to enjoy it. Exerting more pressure, his finger pushed past my anus and into my bowel. I tensed up but Jack just left his finger. With his finger still in me, he moved around so that his cock was in my face. Without a thought, I opened my mouth and accepted my fate. As he fucked my face his finger moved in time to his hips. Within minutes, my ass was thrusting against his finger, trying to get more. Jacks only response was to add another finger to my ass fucking. It felt so good that I yearned to feel his cock. Jack thought so too as he pulled his cock and fingers out of me and moved between my legs. He grabbed some more cisco and greased up his cock. I felt the head of his cock enter me but meet the same resistance as his finger. Then grabbing my hips, he thrust into me completely impaling his dick in me and stopped. My only response was to howl and grab onto the ends of the table even harder. It felt like a pipe had been shoved up my ass. Jack didnt move for few minutes, letting me get used to his boycock in my ass. When my panting subsided, Jack started top fuck me. His strokes were very slow. It felt like he withdrew completely only to thrust as deep as possible again. My hips started to respond and meet his trusts. He picked up speed and with a few minutes gave a mighty thrust, spewing his seed deep into me. After a few more thrusts, Jack collapsed on my back. He kissed my cheek and whispered in my ear, how would you like it if I turned you into a sissy-man? Before I could respond, he pulled out of me and headed for the door. Oh, I want you to remove all the hair on your body except for your head by the time I get back. Thatll do. Picking up his bag, he was out the door.

Immediately, upon hearing those words, I was rocked by the most intense orgasm I ever had. I couldnt help it; my body just started humping the table, gushing more and more semen on the table and my belly. This subsided after a few minutes and I found that I enjoyed a cock up my ass or down my throat. I had to admit that I liked it maybe even loved it.

As I cleaned up, I wondered about what a sissy-man would entail. In the meantime, I had a week to explore these feeling without hypnosis. I was looking forward to that!


As always comment and suggestions welcome
tylerthane@yahoo.com

