TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright February 2003 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, D/s, Impreg, FemDom, MM)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


TITLE:  Protecting Her Husband:
Episodes From A Marriage - Part 2

Author: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: Episodes in the daily lives of a married couple 
where the wife goes out of her way to protect her husband 
from bodily harm.

CAST:
Wife-Lori
Husband-Lester
Lester's Mother
Lori's Mother - Mother Jones
Lester's Aunt Lois
Wife's Lovers:
Lane
Larry
Lenny



-------------------( PART 2 )------------------

SCENE 3: (((EIGHT MONTHS LATER: LESTER, LORI, & LORI'S MOM 
TALK)))

	"Lester!  Where are you?"  Lori shouted.
	"I'm in the kitchen... with your mother."  Lester 
answered back, with a slight yell.

	"Hi mom, I didn't know you were here already."  Lori 
said addressing her mom as she entered the kitchen to find 
her husband and mother drinking coffee.

	"Yep, Lester offered me a cup of Java so that's why I 
hadn't made it up to the baby's room yet.  How is little 
Leonard doing?"  

	"Great!  He's sleeping longer at night now.  Lester, I 
don't believe we each got each got up more than twice the 
whole night, right?"

	Lester acknowledged his wife by nodding his head as he 
continued to read the Saturday morning newspaper.

	"He has really grown in four months and he looks so 
much like his sister Lenore too when she was that age and 
both of them strongly favor Lenny."  Lori's mother replied.

"Dear, I'll be out in my workshop, I, er, have some 
chores to do there."  Said Lester as he stood to leave.  He 
was fearful the discussion would lead to some aspect of the 
biological parentage of their newest family addition.  It 
seemed that the other family members, his included, didn't 
feel the slightest concern for his feelings as they openly 
talked about the real fathers of his "legal" children.

"Lester honey, can that wait?  I asked mother over to 
watch the kids so you could go with me this morning."  Lori 
said with a slight pout on her beautiful face.

"Yeah Lester, you and I got to talking about city 
politics, I forgot to mention that Lori called me earlier."  
Lori's mom interjected.

"Lester, little Leonard is 4 months old now.  The 
doctor has completely released me to go about my normal 
routine again.  Plus, as you know, the fellows are getting 
yancy for me to start going out with them again.  Therefore 
I know they're going to want to make sure that my tattoo 
has been updated.  I want you to go with me to the tattoo 
parlor this morning and be there with me as they put the 
next tick mark by Lenny's name."

Lester seemed momentarily speechless.  "L-Lori, d-do 
you really need me to be..."

"Of course I do darling, it would mean so much to me 
to have you holding my hand as its being done.  It would 
just make me feel better knowing you're with me once more 
as we're going through this total ordeal we're in."  His 
wife said with a pleading expression on her face.  Lester 
knew he couldn't refuse her, no matter how much more he was 
humiliated and disgraced in the process.

"Yes, Lester, you should be with your wife at a time 
like that.  I know your mom would be upset, as well as I, 
if you didn't go with her."  Spoke Lori's mom as she took a 
sip from her cup.

Lester, knew by her insinuation that he no longer had 
a choice in the matter.  He had to go.  The last thing he 
wanted was to have both mothers on his case, especially his 
mom, and possibly his Aunt Lois too.

"O-Okay dear, I-I'll get my car keys."
"Thank you darling."  Lori said as she kissed Lester 
lightly on the lips.


SCENE 4: ((( LESTER'S MOM COUNSELS HIM )))

	"It-It's bad enough they have m-me jacking off mother, 
b-but Lori threatens to tell them if I don't do what they 
tell her to tell me to do.  It's so-so degrading to have to 
pull myself off and to have to just look at her parted legs 
and tits after I've usually licked and sucked them clean of 
the guys' spent slimy sperm."

	"I thought you would've gotten use to all that by now 
Lester dear.  After all, you've been eating their stuff for 
13 years."

	"I-I have mother, b-but it still hurts to be so-so 
humiliated by the three jocks as well as us having to raise 
their little bas..."

	"Careful Lester, remember the whippings you've gotten 
before about using foul language and speaking ill of 
innocent children.  Your children.  They are all your legal 
children, aren't they?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am.  I-I'm sorry.  I-I didn't mean it.  
Y-You know I love the children, after all they're innocent.  
B-But I-I just feel the need to vent sometimes and..."

	"I understand dear.  I'll let it go this time because 
I do believe you really are a caring and loving daddy to 
those children.  However, in the future, any utterance of 
you remotely thinking of your children as not being yours, 
I'll personally flay your ass myself and then let Lori's 
mother have a crack at you, and your aunt too. You know how 
hard your aunt hits and how hard she's been on you about 
your whining. Got that young man?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am!  It'll n-never happen again.  Y-Yes  I 
do love the children.  It-It's j-just the guys a-and the 
way t-they treat me."

	"Lester baby, you let them get under your skin too 
easily. Forget them, they're just joshing you that's all.  
By now you should've gotten over their antics.  Anyway, you 
know we all love you, even though you think otherwise."
"I believe you mother.  However, I-I wish we could 
move away from here or-or get the police involved, but Lori 
won't hear of it.  She keeps saying it won't do any good in 
the long run.  I-I..."

	"She's right you know.  She knows the guys better than 
you, right?" 

	"W-Well yes, I-I s-suppose you're right."

	"The other thing darling, will you please get over the 
humility thing.  Lori is one of the happiest, if not the 
happiest wife in town.  She's getting great sex, has a very 
attentive and loving husband and a beautiful family with 
six great kids.  You've played a critical part in making 
all this work out so well.  You know she raves about what a 
good sucker, that is pussy sucker you are, and how ecstatic 
you make her feel with your tongue and sucking lips 
cleaning up her real men's gloppy gunky manstuff.  She 
really raves about how you don't cause any trouble and make 
her look bad, when you're invited to clean up her pussy 
after they fuck her in your presence.  After all, she's 
been telling the guys that you're been cooperative with her 
- which is one of the conditions for them not to beat on 
you. Remember?"

	Lester quietly hung his head and nodded affirmatively 
at the same time.

  	"When the fellows are there, your wife admires you for 
letting them guide your head to her crotch like a good 
husband and start showing them that you love her by sucking 
up the guys' heavy spends of cum from her slimy snatch. A 
husband that does that lets his wife know that he respects 
and appreciate her."

	"I-I hope so.  S-She tells me that all the time.  I 
guess I-I've swallowed many, many quarts of their jism by 
now."

	"And we're all so proud of you Lester for eating all 
the many manly loads of semen from Lori as well as driving 
her over to meet with the guys and staying with her, that 
is when they let you, while they fuck her.  You should know 
by now that it's really a treat for you to be there, and 
not a disgraceful thing - as you say it is - while she puts 
out for them and for you to witness the action of them 
fucking her."

	"Lori says the same thing mother, b-but you have to 
realize it-it's painful to see another man's hard throbbing 
penis sliding into my wife's juicy cunt when I'm being made 
to stand beside with an aching prick.  It's pure torture.  
A-And if that is-isn't bad enough, they further humiliate 
and torment me by often making me guide their stiff 
palpitating tools in her pussy as well as hold their balls 
while they have intercourse.  I-It's awful what I-I... 
Sniff! ... have had to go through. Sniff!"

"There, there, lets not get all teary eyes and sniffy.  
But if you want to cry, you can go right ahead dear.  
That's what mama's boys do best.  However, Lester, you've 
done exceptionally well in being a good husband.  A good 
husband that eats other men's jism from his wife's pussy.  
You have nothing to be ashamed of for doing that or 
standing by while other men fuck your wife better than you 
ever could.  You should feel pride of being able to be by 
her side, as well as sacrificing your pleasure in such a 
selfish manner so that she can get hers first.  By knowing 
you're experiencing some distress, your wife will see that 
a pure sign of your willingness to put her ahead of your 
own selfish needs.  Also, when you beat your meat, after 
tending to the sucking needs of her juicy cunt, she knows 
you know the meaning of true love."


SCENE 5: ((( LORI & LESTER GET INTO AN ARGUMENT )))
	
	"Lester!  Don't argue with me now!  Just go ahead and 
drop your trousers and shorts.  This will be over before 
you know it."

	"P-Please Lori, d-don't do this to me.  I-I had no idea 
mother had given you a paddle l-like the one she used to 
use on me.  Please Lori, let me take my punishment another 
way.  Plus I-I'm to old to be spanked."  Lester replied back 
to his wife, both alarmed and defensive, about her plans to 
spank him for not telling her about a call from Lenny, one 
of her old boyfriends and current studs.

	"Lester, do you want me to call your mother, or even 
better, your Aunt Lois and tell either or both of them that 
you're being obstinate and unruly?  I wonder what they 
would say about you being too old for a good old fashion 
spanking."

	Her husband's demeanor changed drastically.  His face 
went from being defiant to being pathetic.

	"P-Please Lori, dear, t-there is no reason to bring 
other members of the family into our little disputes."
	"Then get your pants and shorts down so I can get 
started working on your ass."

	"Please Lori, I-I can't...  I-I just can't be spanked.  
T-That paddle hurts.  P-Please l-lets work this out in a 
more civilized manner.  P-Please don't treat me like a 
child."

	"Well darling, in this particular case, you acted like 
a child, and that's why you deserve to be punished 
accordingly.  Maybe I ought to tell Lenny and let him 
punish you for forgetting to tell me about his date with 
me."

"P-Please Lori, l-lets try to work this out in a 
rational..."

	"Lester!  Enough talk!  I'm getting upset. Get naked 
below the waist or I'm calling your mom and your aunt over 
here.  We'll se how you react with them here."

	"L-Lori let's try to talk this..."

	"That's it dammit!"  His wife said as she picked up 
the cordless phone nearby and proceeded to dial.

	"O-Okay Lori.  L-Look I-I'm taking off m-my pants.  P-
Please don't call them.  I-I'll do as you w-wish."  Her 
defeated husband said in a panicky and yet meeker voice 
than he had used before her threat to make the calls.

Lester's face clearly had an expression of defeat 
written across it.  He indeed feared his mother and or aunt 
getting involved.

He hurriedly untied his shoes, unbuckled his pants and 
let them dropped.  He next pushed his shorts down and 
stepped out of the pile of his clothes on the floor.

He was now just as his wife wanted him.  The whole 
while he was undressing, she held the phone as if to dial 
if he tried to change his mind again.

"Now come over here darling and bend over my lap."  
His wife said as she hung up the phone and assumed a 
sitting position in a nearby arm less straight chair.

Lester approached with fear and trepidation.  He felt 
so small and humiliated.

He knew that the only way to deal with the situation 
now was to beg and plead for mercy and be as remorseful as 
possible.

"L-Lori p-please don't h-hit me t-too hard.  It-It 
really was a-an accident.  I-I just misplaced The m-message 
I wrote down when Lenny called.  I-I'm sorry.  It-It won't 
happen again."

"Well, I hope not.  These few strokes on your behind 
will serve to remind you if nothing else."

"P-Please Lori, what harm will it do to-to let this be 
a-a warning to me this time and..."

"Lester, the harm is that if Lenny had found out that 
you lost his message, he probably would've come over here 
and beat you, thinking you were intentionally trying to 
sabotage his meeting me.  Lester, I love you.  I can't have 
you being harmed because of your own carelessly.  No, 
darling, this little spanking will serve to remind you to 
keep your mind on your work and responsibilities.  Now 
c'mon, lean over."

Lester knew that by the determination in his wife's 
voice, it was useless to try and talk her out of inflicting 
a blistering spanking to him.  It was deja vu all over 
again, just as when his mother and aunt punished him for 
the smallest infractions of their rules.

He really didn't want to bend over her lap, but as his 
wife grabbed his arm and jerked him across her lap, he knew 
at that point, this was for real and that his wife had just 
assumed control of him, both physically and mentally.

He knew after this spanking, his possible role, as 
"master of the household" while virtually gone due to the 
influence of his wife's other men, would now be totally 
impossible.

"WHAP!"

"OUCH!"

	"WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!"

	"OUCH!  SOB! OOOH! SOB! OUCH!  PLEASSSSEEE! SOB! OOOH!  
OUCH! THAT HURTS! SOB! PLEASSSEEE! PAM PLEASE! OUCH!   HAVE 
MERCY! OUCH!  I-I DIDN'T MEAN TO FORGET! OUCH!  PLEASE! 
OUCH!  NOT SO HARD! OUCH!"

	"WHAP! WHAP! WHAP!" His wife's hand was like a blur as 
she furiously inflicted rapid blows across his naked 
wriggling bottom.

	"WAAAAAH!"  Lester cried out like a baby as the biting 
pain wracked his bottom.  He wriggled and tried to get his 
bottom out of the way of the onslaught, but it was to no 
avail.  Lori managed to hold him securely across her lap as 
she rained her heavy blows on his naked bottom.  It was 
then that he realized that she was stronger than he assumed 
she was.

	"There... Gasp! ... You think now... Gasp! ... You'll 
remember to... Gasp! ... tell me about... all my phone 
messages?" His wife said as she was catching her breath 
after her exertion of beating on her husband's now bright 
reddish rear.

	"Yes! ... SOB! ... Yes!  It won't ... Sob! ... happen 
again... Sob!"  Her well-disciplined husband replied 
quickly as he rubbed his aching and burning rear end.

	Finally, Lester's  painful ordeal was over.  His wife 
then told him to stand in the corner for an hour to further 
contemplate his misdeed.  He thought that a bit much and 
overkill to prove her point.  However, he knew better than 
to disagree with her.  He quickly concluded it was better 
to do as she said than to irritate her any more.


SCENE 6:((( LESTER REMEMBERS A PAST EVENT )))

	Lester remembered how awed and totally horrified he 
was when Lane came over to his house the first time.  He 
remembers answering the doorbell.

	"Yes can I help you?"  Lester said after he opened the 
door ajar."

	"You Lester?"

	"W-Why yes.  Who are you?"

	"My name is Lane. I'm the man that's come to see your 
wife.  Who, you by the way, stole from me."  The tall 
muscular man who said he was Lane, he said as he pushed  
the door open hard enough to cause Lester to stumble 
slightly backward into the room."

	"Where's the bitch.  I called and told her I was 
coming over."

	"Now see here!  You just can't come in here and..."

	"Hi Lane!  It's okay Lester darling, I invited him 
over."  Lester turned to see his wife enter the room in a 
different outfit.  She had changed into a pleated skirt and 
a rather revealing sheer peasant's style blouse.

		"W-What?"

	"Lane is another of my old boyfriends dear.  Lane, 
meet Lester, my husband.  Lester, Lane."

	"Lester and I have already met.  I told him that he 
stole you from me."  Lane said loudly.

	"Now Lane, I expect you to keep your promise, I won't 
have you beating on Lester, he's my husband and the man I 
love him. I don't want you hurting him."

	"You call this a man?  He's a bit puny compared to the 
men you're use to ain't he?"  Lane asked with a chuckle in 
his voice.

	"Well, hmmmm, he's not as big and muscular as you and 
the other guys, but that isn't everything.  I still love 
him, that's the only reason I agreed to see you."  Lester's 
wife replied.

	"And you look great babe.  Like I told you, my deal 
has to be separate from the deal you and hubby here made 
with Larry and Lenny."

	"I know.  I haven't even had a chance to let Lester 
know about it."

	Lester, who'd been literally speechless by the unusual 
exchange between his wife and apparently another of her old 
flames. 	
	Lori proceeded to tell her husband of Lane's deal.  It 
was the same as her two other old boyfriends.  They 
wouldn't beat Lester up if his wife did as they asked of 
her.

	"So darling, that's why I invited Lane over so I could 
get the introductions out of the way and let you know that 
he'll be taking me out and to bed when he wants too.  In 
return, he along with Larry and Lenny have agreed to not 
lay a finger on you.  I'm sorry Lester darling, I didn't 
have a choice.  I simply will not have them hurting you in 
any way because they perceived you've stolen me from them."  
Lester's wife said with a sigh as she sat down beside Lane 
on the nearby love seat.

	"Yeah Lester, that's the deal.  And if you interfere 
in any way, man I'll put a hurting on your puny wimpy ass.  
Understand that?"

	"B-But Lori, y-you j-just can't l-let another of your 
old boyfriends walk in..."

	"DIDN'T YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID WIMP?"  Lane shouted at 
Lester, who apparently was either trying to avoid, or was 
just too scared to answer him.

	"Lester, don't be difficult. This is no time for you 
to try and be brave.  It's not in you.  Now Answer the man 
and tell him what he wants to hear!"

	"I-I-I u-understand.  I-I w-won't I-interfere."  
Lester replied meekly with sweat beads popping up all over 
his forehead.
	
	

SCENE 7: (((LESTER & HIS MOM DISCUSS HIS WIFE'S 
WHORING)))))


	"Lester, I can see you're upset about finding out 
about what Lori has been doing for the guys.  But 
seriously, in this day and age, her being an occasional 
hooker really is not as bad as you might think.  After all, 
with sex rampart on the Internet and people paying as much 
as they do for cybersex, it's only natural that sex in the 
flesh can be a good business opportunity.  Anyway, the guys 
were giving her a fair share of the money she made by 
selling herself.  What's wrong with that?  I know with the 
kids y'all can certainly use the extra money."

	"I-I know mother, b-but again, it-it's the principle 
of the matter. P-Plus y-you just don't know the added 
humiliation I've experienced.  I just discovered that in 
addition to them having me eat their stuff, they sent my 
wife home and had her feeding me her tricks' spent cum from 
her used pussy too, after she's been out whoring for 
t-those bastards."

	"Now, now, Lester.  Watch your mouth, after all, I am 
your mother.  I won't have you just saying anything in my 
presence.  You know I raised you better than that."

	"I-I'm sorry mom.  I-I apologize.  It-it's just that  
I f-feel so-so abused a-and humiliated at every turn.  Plus 
there doesn't seem to be anything I can do about it... 
except be quiet and take it."

	"Dear, you sound so dejected, when actually you should 
be more upbeat and look at the positive side of things.  
One thing, the fact that strange men are willing to pay 
money to have intercourse with your wife, does attest to 
you having a beautiful wife that others want, and that only 
you have legally.  Secondly, instead of being stuck on the 
issue of humiliation, you should concentrate on the issue 
of marital harmony, and how successful you and Lori have 
achieved that."

	"Oh mother, I-I just wish I-I could have the positive 
mental attitude you have about all this."

	"You just have to try a bit harder dear.  You've been 
doing a wonderful job of being a good husband to a 
wonderful wife.  She has done so much to show her love, as 
well as protect you, and your marriage, over the years.  
She's gone to bed with other men to protect you.  Had other 
men's babies to keep you out of harms way.  And now, she 
has again, shown her love for you on a higher level. That 
is, by her prostituting herself for the profit of the same 
men who've threatened to beat you up.  Additionally, at the 
same time she has also managed to bring extra, and I must 
add, sorely needed, money in the home to help with the 
bills.  No Lester, you have more to be positive about than 
you think."

	"I-I guess I-I hadn't quite thought of it that way."

	"As I've said Lester, you have to look beyond the 
small things and instead concentrate on the bigger picture.  
As I said my son, I want you to think harmony rather than 
humiliation.  You're in a marital situation, while not what 
you wanted it to be, it is in balance and has to be 
maintained since there are kids involved.  What has 
happened, as well as what your wife has done for you, can't 
be reversed.  It's done and it was done for a good cause.  
You can't put the toothpaste back in the tube sweetie.  
Understand where I'm coming from here?"

	"I-I guess you're telling me one more time to work 
with what I've got rather than complaining."

	"Exactly, my son. That is the message precisely.  
Accept your fate and solve problems as they arise, in the 
best way you can."

	"M-Mother, a-along those lines. I-I've been trying to 
find a good time to talk to you about something that's 
b-been bothering me.  I-I guess this is as good a time as 
any. It has to do with solving a-a unexpected problem.  
B-But, I-I think I created another problem in the process." 

	"Please sweetie, go ahead and talk to mama.  You're a 
mama's boy and you know you can talk to me about anything. 
I'm here for you."

	Lester stammered and stumbles for ten minutes to 
describe what his problem situation was and how it had 
occurred.  He became nervous and flushed in the face as he 
spoke.

	"Oh you dear boy.  Hee!  Hee!  Hee!  You solved that 
problem very appropriately.  And as I see it, you really 
haven't created another problem, but an opportunity for 
greater harmony among everybody. I'm proud of you."

	"P-Please don't tell Lori.  I-I feel so-so much less 
than a man in her eyes already.  If..."

	"Lester, be real, you know either Larry or Lenny will 
let it slip in one way or another that they got you to suck 
their dicks.  It doesn't matter that they coerced you into 
being their cocksucker or not.  Again, the deed is done and 
even by your own admission a few minutes ago, you said 
they've shown more respect to you after you've been sucking 
their cocks for the last 3 months.  However, to add to the 
compelling reason why you did the right thing sweetie, 
their argument on each occasion seemed quite justifiable 
for you giving them head.  Your wife was not there.  They 
were hard up and they needed some pussy.  They were horny.  
They were worried that the kids might see the erection 
bulges in their pants.  They simply asked you to help them 
out in the most expedient way possible.  They asked you to 
go with them in another room and suck them off.  You did, 
problem solved.  And it sounds like they respected you even 
more for being a good husband and very special helpmate to 
your wife.  Lester, having a few loads of hot sperm pumped 
into your mouth that were originally intended for your wife 
is nothing to be ashamed of.  Instead you should be proud 
and even boast how you filled in for her and shared the 
load, so to speak - pun intended dear.  Hee!  Hee!"

	"M-Mother!  Please d-don't joke about this.  I-I can't 
just..."

	"Lester, look at me.  Yes, you can tell your wife you 
became a cocksucker to help her out.  She'll be grateful, 
not look down upon you.  Plus, there's another factor here 
that has to be considered."

	"What's that?"

	"Lane.  It wouldn't be fair that you've helped out the 
other two guys when they were in need and you haven't done 
the same for him.  See what I mean?"

	"W-Well mother.  I-I don't see what being fair has to 
do with it.  Lane hasn't come by with the same situation as 
the Larry and Lenny.  So..."

	"Doesn't matter sweetie.  To be fair and create an 
atmosphere of harmony in this marital relation that you 
find yourself in, you must offer Lane the same opportunity 
to get his dick sucked just as you have with Lenny and 
Larry. 


SCENE 8:(((LESTER TELLS HIS WIFE HE'S A COCKSUCKER )))

	"Why darling, I think that's really adorable and 
wonderful of you to have sucked Lenny and Larry's hard 
dicks and took their hot cum in my place.  Thank you 
darling, thank you." 

	"L-Lori, I-I only told you at mother's insistence. 
S-She thought that the guys might leak it to you anyway.  
B-But I-I didn't tell you earlier b-because, well, I-I feel 
I-I'm not much of a man in your eyes after a-all that w-
we've been..."

	"Lester darling, you don't have to go a bit further.  
I thought the world of you before you sucked dicks for me, 
and I think even more of you now honey that I know you're a 
cocksucker for the men fucking me.  Okay?"  His wife said 
as she kissed him lightly on the lips.

	"O-Okay Lori.  B-But now that y-you know about all 
this.  I'm going to tell them that I'm not going to do that 
again."  Lester replied meekly. 
  
	"No Lester!  You must make yourself available if they 
need you.  Are you saying you don't think enough of me to 
help out again in the future?  Do you want our children 
exposed to the guys with bulging hard-ons?  Do you think 
they're going to just let you quit wrapping your lips 
around their throbbing dicks unilaterally? No Lester, you 
will suck the guy's dicks when they demand it of you.  You 
see my point honey?"

	"I-I guess y-you're right Lori.  I-I see your point."

	"And Lester darling, I agree with your mom, it would 
be unfair if Lane is not given the same opportunity to get 
his dick sucked by you just as the others.  To make up for 
that, I'd like for you to call him and invite him to come 
by and get his dick sucked off by you whenever he needs 
it."
	"B-But Lori, y-you c-can't be serious... t-that would 
be so degrading for me to..."

	"Lester, I wouldn't do anything to degrade you. I love 
you.  I'm thinking of your welfare.  Can you imagine how 
he's going to react when he finds out that for 3 months, 
you've been giving head to the other guys and not him?  You 
think he's going to be happy?"

	Lester had a blank stare on his face.

	"I-I guess I hadn't thought..."

	"Here's the phone honey.  I'll be here by your side as 
you call.  You know, for morale support."  Lori smiled as 
she dialed Lane on her cell phone and handed it to her 
outwitted and slightly dazed husband.

	Lester took the phone and waited for an answer, not 
really knowing what he was going to say.

	"Uh, hello... Yeah Lane t-this is Lester... Lori gave 
me your number...  Okay... L-Look Lane... I-I just wanted 
to-to let you know t-that s-sometimes when Lori is not 
around, I-I've... Uh, I-I've... s-sucked Lenny and Larry 
off if-if they were horny a-a-and needed to get off bad... 
N-No!  I-I'm not a fag!  I-I was just trying to be a good  
helpmate to Lori (voice cracking).  Plus if-if I-I hadn't 
t-they would've been around the kids w-with tent poles, 
y-you know, i-in their pants... O-Okay, I-I guess I should 
thank you... Y-Yes, I-I will, t-that's why I-I was calling, 
to-to let you know I-I would if-if you were, you know, h-
horny a-and she wasn't avail... Y-Yes I-I do. W-Why do you 
want me to say so?...  I just told you I-I did... B-But... 
O-Okay, I-I'll s-say it... Give me a second... (long Pause) 
I-I'll s-swallow all your c-cum...Okay? ...  Bye!"  Lester 
was so glad that the short phone call was over.  It seemed 
so much longer.  He had to wipe the heavy beads of 
perspiration that had formed on his forehead.

	"You did wonderful Lester.  It sounded like he was 
being typical Lane by making you repeat about swallowing 
his stuff.  Hee! Hee!  However, I'm really proud of you 
darling." While Lester was glad to receive his wife's 
compliments, he was a bit upset at the gleeful tone of her 
voice.  After all, it's not everyday a husband has to offer 
his wife's lovers blowjobs on demand, and in her presence 
at that.  He thought she should've been a bit more somber 
and considerate of his being so abjectly humiliated even if 
it was the right thing to do under the circumstances.

EPILOGUE:

	At last report, Lester and his wife's old boyfriends 
are getting along rather well.  As expected, Lester also 
continues to frequently suck his wife's lovers' dicks on 
demand.  He resents it, but knows to refuse them may be a 
worse consequence.  His wife and family are still 
supportive and provide him encouragement, when his spirits 
dip.  That is, due to his being the lesser man in the 
marriage.

### END ###


All my stories are archived at www.asstr.org. Click on 
"Authors", then click on "C.D.E.", then click "FTP".

	

