Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa's Naughty Scented Candles Chapter 5: Futa's Gangbang Mom
Summary: The next dare has been given. Mary has to make sure her mom and aunt are gangbanged by the futas!
Keywords: hF hFF HhhF hhF inc exhib voy oral creampie anal DP

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to my FallenAngelX00 for beta reading this!

Mary Smith

I quivered as I rode shotgun in Mrs. Meyer's car. This night was amazing. I was naked, had a big futa-dick, and was heading to do my dare. I would complete it. I would arrange for one wild delight with my mom and aunt.

Sisters who were MILFs!

My flesh and blood. It was my turn to enjoy the transgression of sliding my futa-dick into my mother's cunt. I pushed up my glasses. This heat swelled in me. It was an amazing delight. My cock throbbed and pulsed. My aunt had moved back in after my dad had moved out. He had stolen money from his company and ran off to Mexico with his secretary. I hoped she rotted his little dick off.

I pushed up my glasses as we turned onto my street. My excitement quivered, picturing Mom and Aunt Lisa. They both had brown hair. Mom kept hers cut short like a soccer mom but Aunt Lisa, who was two years younger, had long, brown hair. She had a kid, my cousin, but he was living with his dad. My aunt had never married but was knocked up in high school. They both were fit, though Mom had the curvier body. those big tits. My aunt's were rounder her hips not as thick.

Or thicc as some of the idiots at school spelled it.

There it is, I moaned, seeing my ass. I squirmed, so ready for the futa-gangbang to begin. Mom and Aunt Lisa wouldn't know what hit them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Courtney Smith

I couldn't sleep.

Mary was out on her slumber party. I was always worried when she was out of the house. Yes, she was over at Britney's, and Mrs. Meyers was a responsible widow, but I was still a mother. She might be fifteen, but she was still my little girl.

I decided a nice, herbal tea was what I needed. I padded out of my bedroom, being careful not to wake up Lisa sleeping in the guest bedroom. She had been a big help moving in after he left with that hussy. I still felt adrift. This was all so surreal. A dream.

A nightmare.

I kept hoping I would wake up from it, but that never happened.

I rubbed at my bleary eyes. I was exhausted. I needed sleep, but my mind just wouldn't stop thinking that something horrible had happened to Mary. What if there was a fire? A break-in? What if she found a gun? I know, the last one was insane since Mrs. Meyers was an avid gun control supporter. She detested them. 

Still, I worried.

Teen pregnancy. Date rape. Meeting a slimy boy that tricks her into thinking he was the man of her dreams and then turned forty, had a mid-life crisis, and ran off with the secretary. I could have forgiven the affair. But to abandon Mary?

I reached the living room and swept through it on my slippered feet, my robes over my nightgown. The bite of the AC lingered in the air. It was great during the day, but a tad too much now. I reached the kitchen and found my kettle.

I had one of those electric kettles, but there was something about filling up a cast-iron one and putting it on the gas burner then waiting for it to whistle. I dozed as I did, my tea bag ready. I went with a soothing chamomile. That would help me sleep. It had peppermint in it, too, to give it that bit of pizzazz. I could already smell it.

I swayed there, almost finding sleep. What if Mary was stabbed?

The girls were always playing Truth or Dare. I had heard stories and interrupted a few of their more insane ones. I had caught Britney once balanced on my fence on one leg. Another time, Shannon was trying to get on the roof of my house and broke the trellis. Luckily, she hadn't broken any of her bones, just some wood. 

Suddenly, worry spiked through me. All thought of sleep was gone. I wanted Mary here where I could protect her. I needed to relax so bad. I glanced at the kettle. Steam trickled out the end. I could hear the water approaching the boil. I like the way it roared right before the surface burst into a froth.

The steam gushed out. The kettle whistled. I sighed and pulled it off, turning the burner off in the process. I poured the stream of boiling water onto my teabag. Instantly, soothing peppermint and chamomile filled my nose.

That's what I need, I groaned. Now I had the anticipation of waiting for it to cool so I could enjoy it. I breathed in those soothing scents, smiling. 

Lights flashed through my kitchen. I frowned and turned my head, peering out into the living room. Headlights shone through the lacy curtains. Someone had pulled into my driveway. My stomach tightened in fear. 

I padded out of the kitchen, clutching to the front of my bathroom. Should I get the .380 I kept in my bedside nightstand? The pistol my daughter didn't know I owned. I might tell Mrs. Meyers I was all for gun control, but my husband had run off with that hussy.

Who would protect the family?

I was about to dart for it when a key entered the lock. I blinked. Was it Lisa? Did she have a date? Or one of those booty calls? Had she slipped out to hook up with some guy on Tindr? She was thirty-five and complaining about how she couldn't find a good guy.

What good guy was on a dating app? Those men just wanted one thing.

The door opened and...

Mary darted into the house, her brown hair flying behind her, the living room light glinting on her glasses and... and...

She was naked.

My jaw dropped as my nude daughter, her round tits bouncing before her and a... a...

I blinked. Was that a cock? No, no, that had to be a dildo. This had to be some foolishness of Shannon. That girl was way too loose. I always knew that she would get Mary into trouble. Sex or drugs or something.

Mary Rachel Smith, what do you think you're doing running around naked with that filthy thing strapped...?

There was no harness. I could see the huge shaft as my daughter stopped before me with a big grin on her face. Her eyes were mischievous behind her glasses. A faint aroma of relaxing lavender surrounded her. 

We're playing Truth or Dare, Mary said, and I was dared to have my friends and I, and Mrs. Meyers, gangbang you and Aunt Lisa.

I had never slapped my child. But I did right then.

Her head snapped to the right, her glasses askew. Her cheek reddened as I gasped, Mary Rachel Smith, are you high? Is it the marijuana? I had never toked, though Lisa had when she was younger. Huh?

Geez, Mom, she said, rubbing her cheek. I'm not high. I'm a futa! She grabbed her futa-dick and shook it. So, interested in being gangbang by four futa-girls and one futa-MILF. We all have big, thick dicks. Mmm, we'll take care of you and Aunt Lisa.

She was so unashamed. Before I knew it, she was attacking the belt of my robe. What had happened to my little girl? Who was this hussy before me with the strap-on dildo attached to her? It had to be a strap-on. 

What else could it be?

She ripped open my robe and rolled her eyes. This heavy nightgown has got to go, Mom. We got to see your sexy bod!

Mary! I gasped and now I was in a fight with her. That lavender scent filled my nose. It was so... so... so relaxing. It would make a great seasoning to an herbal tea. Why, I could just fall to sleep...

I shook my head and realized my robe was falling off my arms. It fell to the floor. Then she was pulling up my nightgown. She held the blue fabric dotted with white flowers. I gasped and pushed down as she tried to pull up.

Oh, Mom, she said. Just relax. Look at that big dick I have. Isn't that just a huge cock? Huh? You could fall to your knees and just happily suck that dick. I smacked my lips. Come on, Mom, just be cool and do it.

Suck your cock? I stared at it. That dick was twitching. It... it didn't look like that rubber one I had hidden in my panties drawer (a birthday gift from Lisa last month). I was so ashamed to have that, even more ashamed of using it twice. That cock was rubbery and painted to look real, but it was so clear it wasn't.

Hers was so clear it was.

I did a double-take, my hands falling limp. The cock shook as my daughter drew up my nightgown. I should be stopping her, but it was such a distracting sight. She had a big dick. A huge cock. My daughter had... had...

Mary? I croaked.

I'm a futa now, Mom, she said with such a matter of fact tone. It just grew. Don't worry about it.

But... but... but...

It's cool, Mom. You know, it's one of those things that happens. You turn around and... voila! You're a futa with a huge dick. So, chill.

She had my nightgown up to my armpits. I thrust my arms in the air, unable to look away. It was hypnotic. I breathed in, the lavender scent tickling my nose. And then... My nightgown was covering my face.

I gasped, plunged into dark, as she pulled it off. The spell broke. No, Mary Rachel Smith, you tell me what is happening right now! 

I grew a futa-dick, Mom, and so did Shannon, Sarah, Britney, and Mrs. Meyers.

It was so crazy to hear my daughter say all this so nonchalantly. Like it was no big deal all of them just grew... grew... big, throbbing dicks that thrust from their pussies and looked like they needed to be... be...

Sucked.

Why did I think that?

Then we started playing Truth or Dare, said Mary. Long story short, Sarah dared me to convince you and Aunt Lisa to be gangbanged. A wicked grin spread on her face. You do know what gangbang means.

Flashes of her three friends and Joyce Meyers with big cocks of their own burst through my mind. I shuddered, shocked that they would want to do something like that. It was so insane. Why would they do something so inappropriate? It didn't make any sense to me. They were all such good girls.

So, a gangbang is

I know what a gangbang is! I snapped, cutting off my daughter. You shouldn't know what it is. You're fifteen. I thought you were a virgin.

Well, until we all grew cocks and fucked each other. She grinned ear to ear. But I was a virgin, not a nun. I mean, we all talk about sex and whisper about anal and cowgirl and blowjobs and creampies and tribbing and all sorts of stuff. Now, let's get that bra off of you so we can gangbang you. And those panties.

I'm not letting you and your friends' gang

And Mrs. Meyers! she interjected.

I'm not letting any of you gangbang me! I put my foot down nice and firm. 

You won't? Mary grabbed my sports bra and then tugged it up. I gasped as my tits fell out. The stairs creaked as she kneaded my boobs. She dug her fingers into them while I shuddered, shocked that I was letting her fondle mo my boobs. You sure about that. 

Her thumbs swept out and brushed over my nipples. Sparks flared from the contact.

Because your nips are hard, and I bet your pussy is wet. My daughter licked her lips. Right?

Well... I swallowed, this heat rushing through me. What was going on here? How had my daughter gotten so bold? Why was I letting her do this? 

Why was my pussy so wet? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lisa Marrow

I groaned as I woke up. What was going on downstairs? Who was talking?

I could hear them. The living room was right beneath my bedroom. I muttered in annoyance. I had been having such a nice sleep and now my sister was downstairs. Was she crying again? I sighed. That asshole she had married had crushed her hard. Ooh, I wanted to head down to Mexico to crush his balls.

I was glad I had never gotten married. Dealing with the sperm donor (how I liked to think of my son's father) was headache enough. Worse, my son wanted to spend more time with his father and was old enough the courts listened to him. Of course, I lied and said I understood.

Why couldn't I have had a daughter? Mary was perfect.

I rolled naked out of bed and grabbed my thin robe. I wrapped it around my nude flesh. I had to go comfort my sister. It was irritating but she needed me. So, I sucked it up and stumbled to the door. I opened it and slipped out.

There was definitely talking. A conversation. Had Mary come home early from her slumber party?

Yawning, I headed to the stairs. They were speaking, but the words were indistinct. My bare feet slapped down the carpeted stairs. I reached the bottom, turned into the living room, another massive yawn stretching out my jaw.

What's going on? I asked rubbing at my sleepy eyes.

I blinked.

I rubbed at my sleepy eyes again.

Nope. I saw that.

My sister and her daughter were naked in the living room. Mary had her hands squeezing about Courtney's breasts. My jaw dropped at what I was seeing. Courtney gasped and then jumped back for her daughter, trying to shove her sports bra back over her boobs.

Oh, awesome, you're up, Auntie Lisa! my niece said whirling around to face me.

A big, huge dick swung from her brown bush. My jaw dropped at the sight of the massive cock my niece was sporting. And that was no toy. No plastic, no rubber, no gel, nor any other space-age material ever quite looked like a real dick.

Want to be gangbanged by my futa-friends and I, Mary said, darting to me. Mom's in.

I'm not! my sister croaked.

Gangbanged... by your friends? I asked, shocked. I mean, I had been gangbanged before. Years ago when I turned twenty-nine. I went to Vegas with my girlfriends and, well, that had been a wild time.

Yep, Mary said. We all have big dicks. Mmm, you know you love big dicks. You told me.

Lisa! gasped my sister. You put these ideas in her head?

Not to gangbang us, I gasped. I breathed in and...

What was that lavender scent? Was Mary wearing perfume? I leaned forward and sniffed the air more deeply. What an absolutely stirring scent. My nipples hardened against the sleek material of my robe. My pussy grew nice and wet.

I glanced down at my niece's cock. Mmm, Mary, where did you get that?

Naughty candles, she purred. So, you in for being gangbanged. Four teenage futas and a MILF. We all have dicks this big. They're on the porch just waiting to pour in and fuck you and Mom. Come on, what do you say, Auntie Lisa?

Well... I said. I should say no, but... Wow, that scent was just amazing, and that dick of hers was really, really big. I mean, Courtney, this might be what you need.

Lisa! screeched my sister, sounding utterly scandalized.

Oh, don't be like that, I told her. You need a nice fucking to help you move past that asshole. I've been saying it. And it looks like your daughter and her friends are more than eager to do the plowing.

It's incest! Courtney said. She had managed to cover up those big tits of hers.

Oh, yeah. I blinked, suddenly confused why I was okay with it. I breathed in again and... Wow, that perfume was amazing. I just wanted to lean in and get a good whiff. My head moved to Mary's neck. I inhaled.

So good.

Then I kissed her.

My hands grabbed my niece's round breasts. I squeezed them as I kissed and nibbled at the slope of her neck. It was so wonderful to do. She just smelled so good and tasted amazing. My cunt clenched as my tongue licked over her flesh.

Lisa! gasped my sister again.

Oh, stop clutching your pearls and have fun, I said. I broke away from Mary and marched to my sister. That's it. You need a big dick in you. Your daughter has one. You're going to get fucked right this instance! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Courtney Smith

I stared in shock at my sister as her robe fell open. She shrugged out of it, naked beneath. Her round tits jiggled. She was shaved and both her nipples pierced. She had several tattoos on her body. A wild girl. Always had been.

I had always thought I was better than her. Properly married. A loving husband. And then...

I gasped as Lisa grabbed my arm and yanked me to the couch. I stumbled after her, my boobs jiggling in my sports bra. She pushed me down onto the cushions. I gasped as I bounced on them for a moment.

No, wait! I squealed as my sister grabbed my panties and drew them off my hips. They rolled off of me and then they were being thrown to the ground. Lisa sank onto the couch beside me and pushed my legs apart.

Wow, you're wet, sis, she said, thrusting her hand between my legs and rubbing my pussy. My sister touched me. She brought her fingers to her face and licked my cream off of them. And tasty. Ooh, come fuck your mom, Mary. She needs it.

Yes! my daughter squealed.

Mary threw herself on me. Her glasses shifted on her nose. Her round tits heaved. And then she was pressing her cock between my legs. She was rubbing her dick on my cunt. I quivered, shocked that this was happening. She rubbed her dick up and down my snatch, a big grin on her face.

Then she thrust her dick into my cunt.

My eyes bulged as her clit-dick buried into my twat. I shuddered, my eyes widening at the feel of her girl-cock burying into me. It was insane. Intense. I couldn't believe how amazing it felt. How awesome this was.

M-Mary! I moaned, my pussy clenching down on my daughter.

I'm back in you, Mommy! she moaned, hugging me tight, her breasts rubbing into mine. She kissed me.

The lavender perfume she wore filled my nose. I shuddered, squirming. I had to get away. This was incest... It was... It was... Wrong? Why? Her body felt so nice against me. Her dick felt so wonderful back in my pussy. She came from my twat, and she had returned.

Why was that wrong?

I couldn't think of any reason. Not with that lovely scent of lavender filling my nose and that big, thick futa-dick fucking my pussy. My daughter's dick. I shuddered as she pumped away, her breasts rubbing into mine. They were round and felt so delicious against my big, soft tits.

Mmm, you like that, Mom? purred Mary, her eyes gleaming behind her glasses. You like my big clit-dick fucking you?

Uh-huh, I panted. Ooh, that's nice. That's real nice. I like that. I like that a lot. Mm, you're just pounding me so hard, aren't you?

Yeah, she moaned, thrusting away at me. 

My daughter fucked me with passion. She buried to the hilt in my pussy again and again. I couldn't believe how good this was. It was so much better than anything I had ever experienced. I whimpered and moaned, my pussy squeezing down around her cock. 

Oh, yes, that was wonderful.

Her cock plunged in and out of my snatch. Every time she thrust into me; my cunt clamped down on her. I savored the way she filled me up. It was such an exciting delight. I whimpered, loving every last second of her slamming into me. She fucked me with those passionate strokes. She buried to hilt in me with such vigorous delight.

I would cum.

I would explode on my daughter's futa-dick.

My daughter has a huge cock! I moaned, squeezing my cunt down on her dick.

I do, Mom! she moaned. Ooh, and you're so tight. I'm finally fucking my own mother's pussy. I'm finally fucking my mother. This is wonderful.

Yes, it is, purred my sister.

Lisa sat down beside us, her round tits jiggling. She had a naughty smile on her lips as she watched my daughter thrust away at my pussy. I grinned back at my sister, realizing just how gorgeous she was. How wonderful.

I put my hand on her thigh, feeling her sleek warmth. She shaved.

How wonderful.

Mmm, look at you, Lisa cooed, leaning in. Just reveling in getting fucked hard, aren't you?

I nodded, my heart thundering in my chest. 

Yeah, you're just having a wicked time, aren't you? she purred. She had such a naughty gleam in her eyes. It made me shiver. I licked my lips, my heart pounding in my chest. I would have such a huge orgasm on my daughter's dick. It would be awesome.

Uh-huh, I moaned.

My sister kissed me.

As my daughter thrust her girl-dick into my pussy, I kissed my sister. The incestuous feel of her lips and the girth of my daughter's cock had me shuddering. I moaned, kissing my sister with a hunger I never knew I possessed.

I didn't want this to stop. I wanted them to keep loving me. For y daughter ram into me over and over again while my sister kissed me. This was heaven. It was taboo and wicked and forbidden heaven. I never knew I could feel this.

Mommy! my daughter moaned.

She felt it, too.

Lisa groaned into the kiss and grabbed my hand. She slid my touch up her thigh as my daughter buried hard and fast into my snatch. Lisa pressed my hand against the shaved folds of her pussy. I rubbed at her cunt.

She was so wet and juicy.

Like me.

I rubbed my digits up and down her slit, savoring the feel of her. My body shuddered. I whimpered into the kiss, enjoying Mary slamming to the hilt in me again and again and again. I shuddered, savoring every last second of my daughter's dick burying into me while I fingered my sister's twat.

The pleasure in my pussy swelled and swelled to this bursting point. I thrust two digits into my sister's cunt. She moaned as I sank into her silky flesh. She felt like I did inside my snatch. Only it wasn't my pussy.

My sister's pussy.

We came from the same mother.

And Mary came from me.

I broke the kiss and gasped, I love you, Mary! Lisa! Yes!

I exploded in incestuous, taboo delight. My orgasm burst through me and shock waves of forbidden bliss slammed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision. I whimpered and moaned, savoring every second of this bliss sweeping through my body. 

My pussy convulses around my daughter's dick. I shoved my digits deep into my sister's snatch as Mary gasped. Her face twisted in pleasure above my face as she hammered my convulsing pussy with her big futa-cock.

Mommy! she groaned.

Cum in me! I gasped.

Cum in your mother, cutie! Lisa moaned.

Yes, Auntie Lisa! my daughter squealed.

Then she buried to the hilt in me and erupted.

My daughter's girl-cum pumped into my pussy. This was so wild. So amazing. I couldn't believe this was happening. That this wanton delight could sweep through my body. I was so lucky to experience it. 

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my head tossing back and forth and my fingers wiggling in my sister's cunt. Oh, my god, that's hot. That's wonderful. Yes, yes, yes!

Mommy!

More and more of her girl-cum fired into my cunt. My pussy writhed around her, milking her dick with hunger. I shuddered, drinking in her passion. It was incredible to feel. I loved every moment of it. I squirmed through every second of this bliss.

Then she fired the last of her cum and collapsed on me. She rubbed her nose into mine. I kissed her as my orgasm peaked and then died down. I never had anything like that with my ex-husband. Nothing came even came close.

Oh, my god, that's amazing, I whimpered when Mary broke the kiss.

So, gangbang? she asked.

Say yes, Courtney, my sister moaned.

Yes!

My daughter squealed in delight and then she ripped her cock out of my cunt. She darted to the door, her girl-dick bouncing before her. I lay there panting as she wrenched it open so hard it the doorknob struck the wall.

I was shocked I didn't wince at that.

They said yes! my daughter squealed. It's gangbang time!

Shannon swept in first, the redhead's cock bouncing before her. She groaned and then raced right between my thighs, fell to her knees, and then buried her face into my snatch. Britney entered second, the blonde's cock bouncing before her. Right on her heels was Sarah. The half-Japanese girl had a big grin on her face. Then came Joyce Meyers. The motherly woman's big breasts swayed. She had a cock as big as her daughter's.

Oh, my god, fuck me, Lisa moaned. I need to be gangbanged.

I shuddered as Shannon licked at my daughter's cum brimming in my pussy. She lapped it up as Mary and Sarah pulled Lisa to her feet, my sister looking like she was in heaven. I knew I had already reached it.

So, fucking good, Shannon moaned into my cunt. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lisa Marrow

As my niece and her friend Sarah pulled me off the couch, I wanted to squeal in delight. This was it. I was o ready to be gangbanged by the sexy girls. My body trembled, the heat swelling in my cunt. This would be so exciting.

They pressed against me, their cocks rubbing on my thighs. They kissed me. Two sexy girls had their lips on me at the same time. Then a large cock nuzzled into my butt-crack and a pair of big, soft boobs pressed it my back. I didn't know Joyce all that well.

I had a feeling that would change.

Mmm, we're going to fuck you so hard, the older futa whispered into my ear. Just make you explode.

Yep! Britney shouted. Mrs. Smith, suck my big futa-dick.

Gladly, my sister moaned and then I heard naughty sucking. 

I quivered, so glad that Lisa was getting to have some fun, too. It was hot hearing her getting into the spirit of sucking dick and cumming. My heart pounded in my chest as I groped the two girl's asses, their lips teasing me. I wanted their dicks in me. 

I wanted to be gangbanged so badly.

My body quivered as they fucked me. I whimpered and moaned into the kiss with my niece and her friend.

Mary broke the kiss. I just had the awesomest idea!

You did? Sarah asked, staring at my niece.

What? I groaned.

Remember what me and you did to Mrs. Meyers.

Yes! squealed the half-Japanese girl.

What? I asked, my heart pounding.

What if we did that and Mrs. Meyers fucked my aunt in the ass, purred Mary. Auntie Lisa, how does that sound.

I love it! I moaned. I had no idea what they were talking about, but I trusted my niece. It would be so sick and depraved.

Wait, said Sarah. How are we supposed to do that and have Mrs. Meyers fuck your aunt.

Mary leaned in and whispered something to her friend, a cupped hand to keep me from hearing. I squirmed, my butt-cheek clenching down on Joyce's big dick throbbing in my crack. Her hands squeezed my tits as she leaned in. 

I'm so curious, Joyce whispered in my ear. It was really hot what they did to me.

Yes! Sarah gasped. That'll work.

Before I could ask what, they were getting on the floor and scissoring their legs together. They scooted together, bringing their furred muffs closer and closer until they were rubbing brown bush into black, futa-cocks thrusting over their stomachs. 

Then Mary grabbed their cocks by the base and pushed them together, thrusting them both up into the air. Now, Auntie Lisa, just come sit on our cocks. Slide your cunt down both our pussies. Then Mrs. Meyers can fuck you in the ass.

Oh, my fucking god, yes! I moaned, as waves of dizzying delight rippling out of my cunt. It was the most depraved and twisted and delectable thing I had ever heard in my life.

I threw myself at the girls. I straddled their waists and then lowered my cunt down to their two dicks joined together. This wave of naughty heat rushed through me. I couldn't believe I was really doing this. That I would get this wonderful pleasure.

Then my pussy lips kissed their cocks. I shuddered as I lowered my weight down and down their dicks. My pussy lips stretched over them. My labia widened more and more. I felt their crowns squeezed together and then...

They were in me.

Fuck, yes! I moaned and sank down their girths.

I had two futa-cocks into my pussy. My niece's and her friend's big dicks filled me up. They felt so awesome stretching out my cunt. I shuddered, my round tits jiggling. I stared down at Mary, her face twisting in delight.

Auntie Lisa! she moaned. I love sharing a pussy with Sarah. Ooh, and yours is so tight.

Uh-huh, moaned Sarah, her hands squeezing my rump. Cum and fuck her ass now, Mrs. Meyers. We have to gangbang her!

God, yes! I groaned, my back arching as my cunt bottomed out on their futa-dicks.

I shuddered, impaled down on both their cocks. It was such a treat to enjoy them both in me. My cunt clamped down on them. Then Joyce straddled Sarah behind me. The naughty MILF pushed her cock into my butt-crack. She slid it down and found my asshole.

She pushed against my anal ring. I gasped, feeling her thrusting at my asshole had my thighs flexing. I rose up the two futa-dicks. My niece gasped and moaned, her face twisting in delight as I climbed those wonderful shafts. The entire time, Joyce was chasing me.

I hit the pinnacle of those two dicks and had to slam down them. As I did, I pushed on Joyce's clit-dick. She hugged me tight, her breasts pillowing against my back. I moaned as my anal ring widened and widened.

Fuck me! I screamed as her cock popped into my bowels.

I sank down three clit-dicks. Two in my cunt and one in my asshole.

The friction was incredible. My bowels gobbled up Joyce's dick while my cunt devoured my niece's and Sarah's cocks. I shuddered as I bottomed out on all three of them. I had never been stuffed full in my life. I quivered, savoring the three futas filling me up.

Oh, my fucking god, yes! I moaned and rode the two futa-dicks, sliding up and down their cocks. 

As I did, Joyce fucked me. 

She rammed her clit-dick in and out of my asshole. My bowels clenched down on her, the velvety friction melting down to my double-stuffed cunt. My pussy gloried in the two girl-cocks stretching me out. The pleasure was so intense.

My back arched into Joyce's big boobs. Her hands grabbed my tits, squeezing me as I worked my cunt up and down my niece's and Sarah's futa-cocks. Joyce hammered my bowels. She buried over and over into my asshole.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my orgasm building already. I would cum fast and hard. This is being gangbanged! Three fucking futa-dicks!

I know! moaned Sarah. Ooh, Mrs. Meyers, it's so hot watching your ass clenched as you fuck Ms. Lisa's asshole!

And your cunt, Auntie Lisa! whimpered my niece. Your cunt is squeezing my dick against Sarah's. It feels so incredible. You're so hot and wet.

And silky! gasped Sarah.

And silky! echoed Mary, her face scrunching and her glasses shifting.

I worked my cunt up and down their futa-dicks faster and faster. My thighs burned from the delight while my orgasm built and built. I groaned, loving every moment of this. I savored every last second of this amazing bliss. I would have such a big climax. A mighty burst of rapture. It would be fantastic. I couldn't wait to erupt. 

To just explode in bliss. It would be fantastic. I whimpered, my cunt squeezing their futa-dicks tight in me. I would have such big bursts of pleasure. I groaned, my hips undulating, stirring my holes around their three dicks. I shuddered, my hair tossing.

Joyce slammed into my bowels over and over again. The heat melted to my cunt stuffed with all their dicks. It was incredible I whimpered and moaned, my tits jiggling in Joyce's hands. This was such an intense delight. It was incredible.

Oh, fuck, I moaned. Oh, my god.

You're going to cum, right? Sarah moaned. You're going to cum on our dicks and milk all that cum out of our futa-cocks.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. 

And your asshole is going to make me cum? cooed Joyce, her fingers digging into my tits.

Oh, god, yes! It'll be so hot. 

I wanted it. I built towards it. I felt it rising and rising in me. This was so amazing. My head tossed back and forth. I whimpered and moaned, my body trembling. My sister moaned in the background, flesh smacking flesh. I was feeling too good to pay attention to.

I slid up to the peak of their cocks, gasping, That's so good. Mmm, I love it. I'm going to explode.

I slammed down them and detonated.

My pussy convulsed around their clit-dicks. My asshole writhed around Joyce's futa-cock. I gasped and moaned as the shock waves of my rapture swept through my body. Stars burst across my vision as my holes massaged their three dicks.

Cum in me! I moaned, bucking, my mind buffeted by my rapture. Yes, yes, yes!

Oh, Auntie Lisa! groaned my niece, her face twisting in delight. You're pussy! I... I... Yes!

Ms. Lisa! squealed Sarah at the same time.

Their cum jetted into me. Hot futa-jizz pumped into my spasming pussy. My naughty hole milked their dicks, rippling around them while Joyce slammed into my asshole. Her fingers dug into my tits. She gasped.

I had cum firing into both my holes.

Three spurts of jizz flooded my nethers. My cock-stuffed cunt rejoiced. My asshole celebrated. The futas pumped load after load of cum into my holes. I moaned, my head tossing back and forth. Stars burst across my vision. It was so incredible. I couldn't believe it.

Oh, god, that's good! Joyce moaned as I drained her futa-dick with my asshole.

Yes, yes, yes! I howled. So, fucking good!

 I had never felt anything so amazing in my life. I hit the peak of my orgasm. I swayed there, my cunt rippling around the two dicks stuffed into me. Incestuous cum mixed in my cunt with Sarah's seed. I brimmed in their juices. 

I loved it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Courtney Smith

I stared at my sister rising off Sarah's and my daughter's futa-dicks. The girls whimpered and then gasped as Lisa slid off of their girl-cocks. My sister clamped her hand over her pussy and stare at me with this glossy look of hunger on her face. I had Shannon's thick shaft in me, her cum filling up my snatch while Britney had just shot off in my mouth.

I have another naughty idea! Mary squealed, staring at me. Shannon, get out of my Mom's pussy!

I listened to my daughter with rapt attention. In moments, I was kneeling over Britney, my hand holding her cock upright. I lowered my cunt to her tight pussy. My third futa-dick of the night. To my right, Shannon did the same to Sarah, impaling her twat down her fellow dickgirl's big cock. Mrs. Meyers knelt behind the redhead to fuck her in the ass.

Behind me was Mary. My daughter pressed her dick into my butt-crack. I shuddered as she slid down to fuck my backdoor. Her asshole of a father had wanted anal many timesI bet that whore gave it to himbut now my daughter would get it. My sexy futa-daughter would get to break in my backdoor.

I groaned, my cunt squeezing down on Britney's thick girl-dick as my daughter pushed and pushed her cock against my asshole. I shuddered and squirmed. This amazing moment was coming faster and faster. I was so ready to have an amazing burst of pleasure. I would savor every moment of it. Just enjoy every last second of it.

My anal ring widened and widened. Her girl-dick felt so wet. More than capable of sodomizing my asshole. I groaned as she pushed into me. My back arched. The heat of this moment swept through me. It was so exciting. I whimpered. Groaned.

She popped into my bowels.

Oh, my god, yes! I moaned, my pussy clenching down on Britney's cock. 

Mrs. Smith, groaned Britney. The blonde girl stared up at me with this wild look in her eyes. I winked back at her.

Oh, Mommy, your ass, my daughter moaned, her arms hugging me from behind. She grabbed my large tits and squeezed them. Her ticklish bush rubbed into my rump. She had sunk every inch of her thick cock into my asshole.

I felt so full.

Now my turn, Lisa moaned.

My little sister, hand held over her shaved vulva, stepped up. Her cunt was right at mouth level. She whipped her hand away, grabbed a fistful of my brown hair, and yanked my lips into her cunt. I didn't hesitate to seal my mouth around her pussy.

Hot futa-cum poured into my mouth. The mix of my daughter's incestuous seed and Sarah's yummy spunk flowed into my mouth. My taste buds came alight from the salty flavor of futa-jizz. I groaned and drank it down.

As I did, I flexed my thighs. They slid up Britney's cock. The blonde moaned as I did, my pussy gripping her thick shaft. Then my daughter's futa-dick slid out of my asshole, adding velvety friction to the silky delight in my cunt.

I moaned as more futa-cum poured out of my sister's cunt and into my hungry mouth. I gulped it down as I slammed my cunt down Britney's clit-dick. My daughter rammed her shaft to the hilt in my bowels.

Anal was amazing.

Oh, yes, yes, Mommy! groaned my daughter as she pumped away at my bowels.

Ooh, Mrs. Smith! Britney groaned. Ride my cock. I love being in MILF-pussy. Such a treat.

Such a fucking treat! Shannon moaned. MILF-dick in my ass is amazing, too.

I just shuddered and rode Britney while my daughter hammered my asshole.

The flood of cum pouring out of my little sister's cunt slowed. So I thrust my tongue into her snatch and scooped more out. I tasted something tart. Her cunt cream. I lapped at her while she shuddered, her nipple piercing gleaming. She groaned as I feasted on her creampie.

Pleasure built and built in my nethers. My pussy and asshole drank in the frictions of the futa-dicks. They stretched out my holes. My tits jiggled in my daughter's squeezing grasp while my tongue swirled around in my sister's cunt. I licked and lapped at her, loving every moment of feasting on her cunt.

I came closer and closer to cumming, my orgasm building as I rode Britney's futa-dick. My daughter thrust harder into my asshole, moaning as she did. My tongue danced around in my little sister's cunt, scooping out more and more of the cum I found.

But it dwindled.

Soon, I was just licking up my sister's tart cream. I feasted on her incestuous pussy with such eager hunger. It was so hot making love to her while riding Britney's thick dick. My asshole gripped my futa-daughter's cock. She pounded into me hard. Her strokes buried her shaft deep into my bowels.

Mommy! Mommy! she moaned as she sodomized me.

Damn, Courtney, my sister moaned as I feasted on her.

This is so fucking good, Britney moaned. Mrs. Smith, I'm going to fire so much cum into your cunt.

And I'm going to cum so hard, I moaned between licks of my sister's twat, my body trembling. I was so close to cumming.

I slammed my cunt down Britney's cock while my daughter buried her dick into my asshole. My tongue swirled through my sister's cunt as those two sensations swept through me. I groaned, my body trembling.

I exploded.

My orgasm burst through me. It swept through my body. I shuddered, my entire body bucking and shuddering as the rapture swept through my body. It was delicious. Wonderful. My boobs heaved as my asshole writhed around my daughter's futa-dick and my cunt around Britney's girl-cock. 

Oh, yes, yes, yes! I moaned into my sister's cunt. I latched onto her clit, suckling hard as the pleasure rushed through my body.

Oh, god, yes, gasped Lisa. My sister stared down at me, her round tits heaving. That's hot. Oh, fuck, that's hot. Courtney!

My little sister's pussy cream gushed into my mouth. I groaned, drinking down her tart flood. It was incredible to drink. I gulped down all that wonderful passion. I shuddered, my heart pounding, the thrill of this bliss sweeping through me. 

I drank down mouthful after mouthful of my sister's passion. I shuddered, my eyes squeezing shut as the rapture melted over my mind. My pussy convulsed around Britney's dick while Mary hammered my cock to the hilt in my bowels.

Yes! she squealed and erupted. Hot daughter-cum spurted into my asshole. Mommy!

Mrs. Smith! Britney squeaked. Then her futa-spunk fired into my hungry cunt.

My holes spasmed around those spurting dicks while I drank down the rapture gushing out of my sister's twat. Her cunt cream spilled over my chin and ran down my chin. It was so hot. I quivered, more and more girl-spunk firing into my naughty pussy and asshole.

Oh, Mommy! Mary groaned. See, see, isn't being gangbanged just the best!

It is, Lisa moaned.

Yes, I whimpered, my orgasm hitting that wonderful peak. I shuddered through my rapture. My mind drowned in ecstasy as my daughter and her friend spurted the last of their futa-cum into my holes. Oh, Lisa, you were right. I really, really needed to be fucked by a hard cock or two.

Your little sister always is, Lisa said and winked at me. God, and the way you eat cunt.

Dare complete! Mary cried and ripped out of my asshole. I just felt amazing. This was a wonderful night. I was glad my daughter had grown a cock.

I knew I would enjoy it a lot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mary Smith

Okay! I said, looking over at Sarah and Mrs. Meyers as they had Shannon sandwiched between them. I stared at the redhead and said, Truth or Dare!

Truth, Shannon said with this naughty gleam in her eyes.

I was so thrown off. She had to know what my dare would be. You bitch!

That's not a question, Shannon said. That's a statement.

My mind whirled. I had to think of the perfect question and then... If Mrs. Meyers was to drive me, you, Britney, and Sarah over to your house to fuck your Mom and your little sister, would you join in the fun?

I would, Shannon said. She glanced over her shoulders at Mrs. Meyers. Truth or Dare.

Dare, the MILF purred.

Shannon gave her dare, and I grinned. It was time to break in the last one of our families. 

To be continued... 
