As with my other stories, this is part fact, part exaggeration, and part fiction.
I don't think it's one of my better stories but it was still exciting writing it, as this time I didn't write it alone, I had help.. **grin**  
I hope you enjoy it as much as we did writing it.
Let me know what you thought, leave comments please..
Thank you,
April
( Aprilfirez@yahoo.com )
 
 
I laid there, finely living out one of my fantasies. 
I was tied to the bed wearing only a satin scarf around my head, used as a blindfold. The ropes Jake tied were pulled tight, the knots a little tighter then they should have been, they hurt but I have been trying to get him to do this to me for a while now so I'm not complaining. 
I was tied with my arms above my head and my legs pulled wide apart, laying on my back. 
It's early spring and he opened the window just a little making the room uncomfortably cool (he likes it that way), I usually can handle it with a heavy blanket on top of me, but this night I can feel the slight breeze's from the open window move over my naked skin. 
My nipples are so hard they ache both from the cold air and from my own excitement. I don't know where Jake went, after he tied me up and blindfolded me I heard him undress, and then he left the room. I don't know how long he left me alone here but it felt like hours. 
I am so hot with my mind going wild with what he's planning to do to me. I can feel my wetness as it slowly leaks from my pussy and the infrequent cool breeze reminding me just how wet I have gotten.  He's tied me spread so wide that I am unable to move my legs at all, unable to relieve some of the tension I'm feeling. 
I hear movement in the hallway and I can sense he has returned to the bedroom finely. I feel his hand grabbing my breast and squeezing hard. His hand is warm and despite how hard he is squeezing I welcome his touch, enjoying the soothing pain he is giving me. 
His hand releases my breast and as he moves it from my skin my body tried to follow it as I arch my back longing to be touched more. I hear him move away then feel him at the bottom of the bed between my legs. I can feel his warm breath on my skin as he moves. 
I am lost in sensation, my mind in a reality it's never experienced. I know this is a fantasy I have wanted to happen for ages, but now that I am here I am finding it so hard, not being able to see, or move. 
All of a sudden I feel a cold shock to my skin as he generously pores a thick liquid over my bare pussy. I loose my breath from the sudden cold shock, feeling it run down between my legs. Then I feel something pressed to my pussy. It was also cool to my skin and at first I was not sure what it was until he pushed harder and I felt it starting to penetrate me. 
He found my box of toys and was using one of my dildos, the largest one (it was given to me as a booby prize at a party a few months ago, it was so thick I had never actually used it before, at least not for penetration). He pushed so slowly, so firmly, I wasn't sure I would be able to take it as I felt it move further inside, stretching my pussy. 
It started to hurt and I started to explain to him that I don't think it will fit, but his only response was to push on it even harder. When I started to complain that it was starting to hurt he spread my lips and pinched my clit really hard but didn't stop pushing. I don't know what hurt worse the huge dildo being pushed into me filling me up more then I have ever been in my life or his finger nails digging into my clit as he pinched even harder. 
Every time I started to complain he would just push harder or pinch tighter. It didn't take me long to learn to just shut up, grit my teeth, and take it, reminding myself that I had asked for this and that if he really wanted, it could get worse. It took a bit but after sometime I could feel it deep inside pressing into the very depths of my virginal passage. Yes it did hurt but at the same time, (it's hard to explain) it was a soothing pain, uncomfortable but enjoyable at the same time.
He told me that my naked pussy looked so beautiful with that dildo inside me.  Then I felt the cold liquid again as he pored more of it over my pussy, then up over my belly and down each leg. From the smell and feel of it I'm pretty sure what he was poring over me was baby oil. 
Other then the initial cold shock the oil felt good especially when his strong warm hands started massaging it into my skin, all over my body.  Every now and then he would check to see if the dildo was still deep inside me, which I was a little surprised it hadn't slipped out with out him holding it in. But I think because of how big it was and how tight I am it held. 
I enjoyed his hands moving across my slippery body squeezing me here and there, using more and more oil. He spent quite a bit of time massaging and playing with my breast and nipples, squeezing them pinching them, making me moan when he pinched really hard. I thought it was string (but found out later that is was a thin ribbon) that when my nipples were at there hardest from both him pinching them and blowing cold air across them, so hard they ached, I felt the string wrap around each nipple and tightened with a knot. 
A time passed when he didn't touch me but he was in the room, I wasn't sure what he was doing until I saw the flashes of light through my blindfold and heard the clicking of the camera. I wasn't sure at that time but I thought I might have heard movement from the hallway, at first I thought someone else might be there other then my boyfriend but I knew my boyfriend better then that. He's incredibly jealous and would never let someone willingly see me like this, if he had any control over it. 
I don't think his hands missed one spot, from under my ears all the way down my belly over my pussy, down between my ass, down each leg and between each toe. I was totally covered and soaked in baby oil. I just laid there, being tied up as I was there really wasn't much else I could do. 
I could feel my nipples starting to throb with each heart beat from the string that was tied around each one. I don't know how many pictures he took but he took his time taking them. I heard him put the camera down then I felt his hands at the ropes on my legs, he was loosening the knots. I had mixed feeling at first, I thought he was finely untying me so I could do things to him and finely make love, but at the same time I was a little disappointed that this part was over. 
I shouldn't have been disappointed, he only loosened the knots enough to turn me over onto my belly, putting a couple of pillows under me so my butt was raised, then he tied me down again tightening the ropes even harder then they were the first time, spreading my legs even wider then they were the first time. I am able to do the splits but having my legs stretched and tied so wide apart was really starting to hurt. 
In a soft voice I started to tell him that it was really hurting. But he just grunted and told me "shut the fuck up bitch".  Fear shot though my whole body right then. I've always trusted him and he's never done anything to deliberately hurt me, and he has never ever talked to me like that before or ever used the word "bitch" that I've known.  I was scared, and there was nothing I could do about it, I was tied, tied so well I was totally at his mercy. 
I felt him push on the dildo again making sure it was all the way inside me. Then with out warning he slapped my ass so hard I screamed. He yelled at me "shut the fuck up bitch" warning me if I screamed like that again he would really punish me, as he spanked me even harder again. 
I bit my lip as tears came from my eyes, and he spanked me again, and again. When I tried to move, even knowing the ropes would hold me tight, he spanked me harder. I was beyond tears and was just uncontrollably crying when he finely stopped spanking me. 
My butt felt like it was on fire, even the slight cool breeze coming from the window hurt as I felt it flow over my skin.  I was just trying to get my tears, crying and breathing under control again when I felt the shock of the cold baby oil being pored over my butt and down my back. 
He took the time to move my long hair up off my back and neck as he pored, pulling hard enough to pick my head up as he did. He leaned down whispering into my ear, "remember, this is what YOU! wanted bitch, now your getting it and your going to get all of it".  
His hand moved down over my ass spreading the thick oil over my burning skin. I was afraid he was going to spank me some more but he didn't, but instead just pored more and more oil over my skin as he rubbed it in with his strong rough hands. Then I felt him move up behind me again getting on the bed between my legs. His hands grabbed my ass digging his fingers in, spreading me wide. 
I felt him then, his manhood touch me. In the past he had asked me a couple times about anal sex but I always told him no because he had already the largest cock I have ever had and other then the dildo that was still inside me nothing bigger has ever penetrated me. As it was, his cock was so thick that the first few times we had sex he ripped me. And I knew, even though I have never had anything larger then a finger in my ass that if he ever tried it.....   
But now, feeling his pride resting between my butt cheeks moving it up and down as his fingers dig into my skin, I was scared he was going to try. One of his hands released it's grasp on my ass and I felt him move a little, and in a blink of an eye he pulled the dildo out  of my pussy. 
It felt like I had been ruined for life, when he removed the dildo my pussy remained stretched open. When I tried to clench my pc muscles it didn't seem to do anything other then hurt each time I squeezed. 
I felt him again, as his cock slid inside me with out any effort. Even though I had been so stretched from the over sized dildo it felt so wonderful feeling him move inside me, moving his wonderfully hard warm cock deep inside my pussy. 
I forgot about the pain my body was feeling from the spankings, his fingers digging into my skin, being stretched so wide, the string tied around each nipple or the rough rope tied so tight holding me so defiantly, as he moved inside me. 
I was in a different reality as he pumped into me over and over again. So gone with my approaching orgasm that I didn't notice his thumb enter my ass until I felt his second thumb push in.  I felt him pull a little spreading my ass as he did, it did hurt but not as bad as I thought it would. But that might also because that's when my orgasm hit me with full force, and I was gone as the waterfall of electricity washed over my entire body deep into my soul. Never have I felt anything so wonderful or intense. It hit me so hard I lost consciousness. 
When I came to my senses he was still pounding into me, long hard strokes, over and over again. Usually when I orgasm he looses it as well but not this time, I though maybe it might be because my pussy having been stretched out from the dildo he used on me. 
That's when it happened, another flash from the camera went off. I knew then that we were not alone, he couldn't have taken the picture that time, he had both hands on my ass with his thumbs still stretching my ass open with his cock pushing harder and harder deep inside my pussy.  Who could it be, who would he have let seen me, us like this? My mind went wild trying to figure out who else was there watching us, taking pictures. I couldn't figure it out and so wished I could have gotten the blindfold off to see. 
I don't know how long I sat there in shock trying to figure out who, how, and why my boyfriend would do this. It is so out of character for him, he's just way to jealous of a person to allow something like that to happen. My senses returned to me when I felt his cock leave my pussy, and my own warm fluids leak down over my clit. He replaced his thumbs with two fingers and I felt the cool sensation of the baby oil being pored onto my ass again as he worked his fingers in and out of me. 
I knew then that he really did plan on fucking my ass, for the first time, my first time. He had asked me in the past and I always said no, but this time he wasn't asking, and even if I wanted to I couldn't stop him.  I was scared and I knew no matter how much time he took or how much oil he used it was still going to hurt. (But even so, I had always told myself that I did want to try it someday but the guy that did it was just going to have to take it with out asking me, because I would never give him permission to.) And it was happening now, he was getting ready to take my anal virginity. 
I was scared and despite having fantasies of others watching us have sex I didn't want anyone to see my own boyfriend raping me, raping my ass. Tears started to come from my eyes again as this all went through my mind and his fingers pushed deep into my ass. 
I wasn't going to ask him to stop. Ultimately I had asked for this, sharing with him my many fantasies, hoping one day he would do something to make them more then just fantasy and now he was doing just that. 
His fingers slipped out of my ass but it still felt like they were still there, my ass was hot and throbbed with every heart beat. I figured the bottle of baby oil must be near empty when I heard him pull the top from the bottle, figuring he was having trouble getting the last of it to drain from the bottle. But I soon found out that wasn't the reason at all. 
I felt him push a thumb into my ass again, then felt him push the opening of the bottle against my ass, and as he removed his thumb my anus closed around the mouth of the bottle. He tilted it up and I could feel the cool oil spilling into me, inside of me. The camera flashed again.  He let the bottle empty inside me then pulled it away. 
Then feeling his fingers dig into my butt cheeks again spreading me wide and his weight shift I knew he was about to enter my ass for the very first time. I felt his hard cock slip down my crack then pressed against me, pushing, forcing me to open for him, for his pleasure. 
As he pushed I couldn't help it as I started to squeal with the pain of the initial penetration. The camera flashed again then I heard the camera being put down as I felt a new weight on the bed next to me. Who ever this person was grabbed my hair, turning my head, and as I squealed and gasped with my boyfriend entering me, my mouth wide open, I was gagged with another mans cock. 
When I could no longer cry out in pain from the gag now in my mouth I felt my boyfriend move adjusting his weight over me then with a hard thrust, he pushed deep inside me. I would have screamed from the pain but as I tried to take a deep breath the other man pushed his cock farther into my mouth and to keep from gagging I instinctively swallowed and I felt his cock pulse in my throat as he grunted and exploded. 
I would have choked if I hadn't thought to swallow as his seed oozed down my throat.  When he finely softened and pulled out of my mouth, I was able to breath freely and breath was all I did. My throat felt bruised, and hurt every time I tried to swallow, but that didn't hurt nearly as bad as my ass did, feeling my boyfriend pumping harder and harder. 
Then his finger dug into my hips with such strength as he lifted up and pushed all the way into me, penetrating me deeper then he ever has. I could feel his swollen balls pressed tight to my pussy and I felt his cock grow even more as I felt him explode inside me with it feeling like scorching hot needles hitting me deep inside. 
When the last jet subsided and his throbbing cock calmed his strong fingers released there iron grasp of my hips which stung as he released me, he then collapsed on top of me, breathing even harder then I was. His body pressed to mine which was warm and soothing, and for some reason feeling his manhood shrink and soften inside my ass gave me a pleasurable satisfied feeling. 
And I saw the flash of the camera again, but I didn't care anymore with exhaustion taking over as I drifted from consciousness. 

