Self Dares
by stripgnd

Self Dares Ch. 01

Home alone opportunity leads to exhibitionism.

Do we all have an inner monologue? I have always assumed that we all do, but I have never actually directly asked the question. It is the voice that you hear in your head that tells you to stop being ridiculous as you lay on your bed crying uncontrollably after your boyfriend of 30 minutes has just split up with you. Or the voice that tells you to grow up as you sit sobbing because you have stubbed your toe on the bed.

It is the angel and it is the devil at the same time. It asks you if kissing your mate's ex-boyfriend is really a good idea. It is naughty, it is the voice that dares you to run to the bathroom without a robe. It is always there, chatting away and sharing alternatives. It is a constant devil's advocate as you go about your daily life. It avoids trouble, and yet at the same time encourages you to do what you shouldn't It tells you to push that button that says "Do not press". It goads you into seeing what the dildo feels like up your bum, for the sole reason of, "Why not try it?"

Mine is an exhibitionist and I guess by extension I am as well. A lot of my fantasies involve embarrassment or at least the danger of embarrassment and exposure. Sitting in a lecture hall, tens of people, if not hundreds and suddenly you hear in your head, "Imagine getting hit by an anti-clothing laser instantly leaving you naked." Or that dream where you leave your house and somehow get into work before you realise that you haven't got dressed. Not slightly not got dressed, but totally naked. Kinda exciting. Now don't get me wrong, in reality, if I was sat in a busy public place and all of my clothing dissolved into nothingness I would be traumatised and probably die of embarrassment. That being said though, I have lost count of the number of times I have played that scenario around in my head as I masturbate myself to as silent an orgasm as I can manage.

Speaking of my head it was currently throbbing in the way that only a hangover can. I felt like death. It had been my best friend's birthday night out the previous night and I was now paying the price for it. We had drunk too much vodka, and that was before we added too many cocktails on top of the vodka. Let's not mention the "pre cocktail" shots that seemed to precede each cocktail and the obligatory post-cocktail shots as well. I was a mess. I felt like someone was thumping me in the head while two tiny, but very strong people were inside my head trying to batter their way out through my temples.

I was aware of my hangover in the same way that I was aware of the background noise in the house. I could hear my Mum and Dad shouting to each other as they went about their morning routine. I was awake, but by no means fully conscious. I cautiously opened one eye to check the time. I shut it quickly as the room spun rapidly and I felt very ill very quickly. "Half 8, why can't they be quiet?" I asked myself.

I was 99% sure that I was alone. How bad does that sound? Even so, I swung my hand behind me to check the assumed empty side of the bed and was reassured that I was indeed alone. I knew I was, drunk or not I know if "that" has happened and it definitely hadn't. Of course, there was always the possibility that we were both that drunk he got invited back and fell asleep before the good bit.

I knew that I was going to be disturbed. I had been asked the previous night before I went out to sort my laundry and leave the basket out so Mum could sort it this morning. I had only done half of that request and so she was going to come in to collect the basket and probably give me grief for forgetting. I did wonder if drunken me had put out my laundry the night before, but it was unlikely.

I pondered the interesting suggestion by my inner voice. I knew that I hadn't, but there was a minuscule chance I had done it while drunk when I got back. Unlikely, but you never know. I prised my right eye open and saw the laundry basket where it stood in my room. "Fucks sake," I mumbled to myself.

I was also wondering why I was naked and with no duvet. I could feel the duvet wrapped and tangled around my feet and ankles, so I had clearly just been a fidgety sleeper, which was normal, especially after I had been drinking. That didn't answer the question of why I was totally naked though. I never slept naked, I was at the very least a t-shirt sort of girl, and usually wore some sort of PJ's set. This was partially as I am a very wriggly sleeper and as currently demonstrated losing the duvet when you have nothing on is potentially embarrassing when you still live at home.

I remembered a conversation that Hanna and myself had had the previous night after multiple cocktails and after she learned that I was home alone today. She had dared me to spend all day naked starting from midnight, which would explain the lack of clothing. It wouldn't explain why I didn't just wear PJs as normal and just lied. The thought of spending the day naked was actually quite exciting. I rarely got the house to myself and so the opportunity for such a dare was very few and far between. The fact I was naked was a testament to the volume of alcohol drunk the night before.

I went to roll onto my side, but my head erupted in hangover agony. I stopped instantly and abandoned such an idea. I tried to shift my legs and feet to hook the duvet and lift it over me so I could at least grab it and cover myself. It was well twisted though and I was feeling way too ill and delicate to fight with it.

I was laying on my front at least, so all that was on show was my bum. I dozed off again. A tap at my door woke me up. "Are you decent?" I heard Mum ask through the closed door.

I shook my head and then remembered that she couldn't see me. "No," I said loud enough for her to hear.

There was a pause for a few seconds. "Can I come in?" she asked.

"If it is just you," I said, "Yeah." I didn't make a habit of being naked around family, but in the trade-off between moving and likely throwing up, or my Mum seeing my bare back and bum, it was the lesser of two evils.

I heard my door open and partially opened my eyes to look at her. "Oh dear," she said smiling at me, "Good night?"

"Uh-huh," I nodded, forgetting my head was about to fall off. "Ow."

"You will never learn," she said. She picked up my dress, panties and bra. "Bra as well? Or is that okay?" she asked.

"May as well wash it," I said.

"Okay," she said as she looked around my room for anything else. "We are off soon, can you hang the washing when you get up... if you get up," she added with a knowing smile.

They were going away for the day and had booked a hotel for the night. "Graham out as well?" I asked. Graham is my brother.

"Not yet," she said, "He is up and about packing his fishing shit," she said.

I just slowly nodded my head and felt myself doze again. "Need owt?" she asked which woke me up again. "Water? Bucket?" she asked with a wry smile.

I slowly lifted my head and lifted myself on my elbow slightly to see if I had a bottle of water or anything. I didn't, and the cool rush of air onto my chest also reminded me I was naked and that I had just flashed my boobs at my mum. "Oops," I said as I covered myself with my arm. "Bottle of water if you don't mind and a new head maybe?"

"I will bring you a bottle of water," she said smiling at me. She came back a few moments later and put a cold bottle of water on my bedside table.

"Cheers," I mumbled, "I feel like shit."

"Stop drinking," she said flatly. I just grumbled in reply.

I heard her leave my room and pull my door closed. I listened and heard the catch slide against the door frame, but it didn't click shut. I opened one eye and watched my door swing back open by a few inches. "Door," I said at a volume that I deemed as fairly loud. It was probably no louder than a whisper and of course, she didn't hear. My head still ached like I had screamed it directly into my ear though. "Fucks sake," I muttered.

I stared at the door almost as though if I stared long enough the power of my mind would close the door. It of course wouldn't, and the gap left by the door was enough to be annoying. I shifted my legs around, but each movement I made seemed to twist the duvet tight and prevent me from moving. It was like I had wrapped it around my feet and then rolled over so it was twisted between my feet and ankles. I would have to get up and close the door, it was less than two steps away from where I was laying, but they were sober and hangover-free steps, it was a long way when I felt like this.

I rolled onto my side so I was facing the door in stages as my hangover allowed. Facing the door naked I could hear my brother lifting and crashing stuff around out of the garage as he got sorted. I untangled my legs and went to grab the duvet, but it fell off the end of the bed and my rapid movement to catch it made me feel sick, dizzy and like my head was about to explode. I groaned to myself as I settled on my side again and took long deep deliberate breaths to calm my stomach.

I am a petite girl, I weigh around 50kg and stand barely 5 feet tall. I have shoulder-length brunette hair that is currently tied back into a ponytail. My boobs were tiny, my bra size was 28A and my small pea-sized nipples were perky in the cool morning air in my room. My flat stomach was only interrupted by my belly button alongside my navel piercing. My curvy hips ran into my slender, but well-toned legs. Delicate ankles and feet finished off my body. Between my legs, I was entirely shaved, well waxed to be precise. Until recently I swam regularly and it was just easier to get rid of everything rather than try to maintain a bikini line. Even though I don't swim as much as I used to, I still maintain the wax as when I grew hair it felt really weird as I have never really had any down there.

I heard Mum and Dad leave and I fell asleep again laying on my side facing the door with nothing on.

"Okay Sophie, I am off," Graham said as I heard him come into my room. "Ooo shit didn't know you were naked sorry," he said.

I kept my eyes closed as my sleepy brain slowly woke up and processed it. I cursed myself for falling asleep in such an exposed position, but too late to dwell on that one now as he had just seen me very much naked. I assumed that he would have seen my nudity and left my room, but a creak of a floorboard made me peep an eye open to see him standing in my doorway. I placed a hand between my legs to cover my pussy and folded my other arm up from underneath me to cover my chest. "Errr... what do you want?" I asked him amazed he was still in my room.

"I am off fishing for the day," he said.

"Yeah, great. Have fun," I said sarcastically, "Go on then," I added.

"Camping, so won't be back until tomorrow," he said, still in my room and actually looking at my nakedness.

"Yeah, awesome, wanna fuck off out of my room?" I suggested. The tone of my suggestion snapped his attention back and I think he realised what was currently happening as he stood in his sister's room for no reason while she was not dressed.

"Yeah, soz," he said, "Want anything?"

"Privacy?" I suggested, "Which would require you fucking off."

"Chill," he said as he finally turned around and left my room. "Moody bitch. Close the door if you aren't decent, fucking moron," he said as he left at a volume that was not intended for me to hear.

I didn't leave the door open, I was in the supposed privacy of my own room so if I want to be naked then that is entirely my choice and the very least I expected if walked in on is the basic decency of an apology and a rapid retreat from my room. I didn't say anything, it wasn't worth the argument. I just told him to fuck off under my breath and rolled onto my back. We did actually get on fairly well most of the time. After a night out with a stinking hangover was not one of those times though.

I woke up an undetermined time later. It could have been 30 seconds later, it could also equally now be Sunday morning. I checked the clock and it was half 10. I moved my head around and was pain-free. Lifting my head off the pillow I was also nausea free. I checked my phone and confirmed that it was still Saturday, which it was. I kicked the duvet off and got up. I knew from experience that if you wake up without a hangover, get up. If you go back to sleep you risk waking up with a hangover.

I went to the bathroom and showered. Wrapped in a towel I went back to my room and checked out of the window. Sunshine, but cold as it was March. I sorted through my wardrobe and decided on jeans and a t-shirt. The dare from Hanna was still playing on my mind and I was seriously considering doing it. Or at least some of it. A full day naked was a big ask, but I did like the idea of it. I have streaked before to the bathroom, even gone downstairs to make myself a drink wearing just panties, but the opportunity for extended nudity was rare, and it almost felt like a waste not doing it.

No one was in after all, and I hesitated, looking around my room as I considered the option. I loved exhibitionism, LOVED it and the opportunity for it was so seldom presented it felt like a waste to not grab the opportunity. I felt a tingle in my stomach as I seriously considered not getting dressed all day. I let the towel fall off me and stood naked for a few seconds. I tentatively went downstairs. The feeling of exposure was so intense as I tip-toed down the stairs. My bare feet gently touching each step as I got further and further away from the sanctuary of my room.

I went into the kitchen, my heart was pounding as I looked out of the window. The blind was fully open and no curtains, if anyone was outside they would see me as clear as day. If there was anyone looking in they would be in the back garden, so my state of undress wouldn't be the most pressing question, but still, very exposed.

I made my breakfast and went into the living room to eat it. I covered my chest and peeped out of the window. I started to lower the blinds.

I could leave the blinds open. I paused with my hand still on the cord to lower the blinds. I glanced out of the window. We lived in a standard semi-detached house. There was a tall hedge that ran along the length of the garden wall, only broken by double gates that lead onto the driveway. The driveway was long enough to fit two cars one behind the other, and the front garden was the same depth less a narrow pathway to the front door. It was fairly secluded from the road and looking from the pavement outside the gates you could see into the living room, but as the house was very slightly higher than the road unless I stood in the window you couldn't see me.

All those observations are all very well and good, but try sitting in the front room of your house with no clothes on. The chances of someone seeing you are very slim, but if anyone came up the drive for whatever reason to get to the front door they had to walk passed the windows, and the natural reaction when walking passed a window is to have a nosey. Or is that just me? Either way, I was very naked and would have no warning before anyone saw me. I switched the TV on to try and distract myself, but I was hyper-aware of how exposed I was. My entire body was tingling with excitement as I sat on the sofa and I could feel myself getting turned on.

My phone vibrated on the sofa next to me and I nearly leapt out of my skin. "Fucking hell," I said to myself as I picked it up, my heart pounding out of my chest again. It was my friend, Hanna.

"Hey," I said as I answered the phone.

"Hi. Still alive?" she asked.

"Just," I replied, "How are you feeling?"

"Like shit," she said with a giggle. "Are you up?"

"Yeah," I said.

"Are you naked?" she asked. I could tell by her tone she wasn't expecting a positive answer and to be honest if she had been half as drunk as me I was impressed that she had even remembered our conversation. My lack of answer or just ignoring her question and changing the subject was all she needed and she put two and two together. "No way... are you naked?" she asked giggling.

I could still have lied and said that of course, I wasn't naked, but I didn't, again I hesitated. "Maybe a little bit naked," I said after a few seconds.

"You can't be a little bit naked," Hanna said with a giggle, "You are either naked or you aren't," she said.

Before I had time to reply I felt my phone buzz and she requested a video call. "No way," I said declining her request, "I am naked," I confirmed.

"Awesome," she said laughing, "Where are you?" she asked.

"Living room," I replied.

"And you are naked?" she asked.

"Yep," I replied, "Blinds open and everything."

"Bull shit," she said, "You don't have the balls for that," she added as she requested a video chat again.

I switched her to speaker phone and lined up the preview of my camera so it was only showing my face and shoulders. I accepted the video call invite. The call switched and after a short delay as the video feed sorted itself out I could see her looking at me and she could see me. "Ooooo bare shoulders," Hanna said sarcastically, "So brave, no way are you nude."

She wanted me to prove it. We are best mates, she has seen me naked hundreds of times. Changing during sleepovers, at the gym, at swimming etc etc, so her seeing me naked wasn't really an issue. Broadcasting it over the internet was a little worrying, but I trusted her fully so I knew even if she did record it she wouldn't be a bitch about it. What made me hesitate was the situation. Yes, she has seen me naked, and if we were at swimming we would share a family-changing cubicle and strip naked with no hesitation. We would barely even look at each other. Flashing on camera though was a lot higher stakes. She would be looking at my body as opposed to just seeing it.

"I am," I said as I covered my boobs with my left hand and arm before lowering the camera so she could see down to my tummy.

"And the blinds are open?" she asked. I turned the camera around so she could see around the room and see that the blinds were open. "That is awesome," she said.

"Terrifying," I said focusing the camera back on my face and smiling at her.

"Impressed," she said nodding her head approvingly, "Bottomless as well?" she asked.

"Yep," I said nodding my head.

"Prove it," she said grinning at me.

"No way am I flashing my pussy on camera," I replied shaking my head to further cement the response.

"Eww yeah, good point, don't wanna see that," she said giggling, "Use your hand to cover yourself, go on, dare you."

I stared at her for a few seconds as I considered her dare. I was of course going to do it, it was just logistics. I shifted my seating position so I was sitting normally and without my feet tucked up on the sofa underneath me. I looked down at myself and plucked up the courage. I looked at Hanna who was just smiling back at me as she waited. I placed my left hand between my legs to cover myself and then quickly pivoted the camera for her. Even though my pussy was covered it was obvious I was naked and her eyes nearly bugged out of her head.

"Fucking hell Sophie," she said laughing out loud, "Oh my God, crazy bitch. What if someone comes to the door?" she asked.

"If they look through the window... they see me naked," I replied moving the camera back to just my face and smiling at her.

"That is AWESOME!" she said giggling, "Oh my God I hope someone catches you."

"Cheers, some mate you are," I said sarcastically.

"Oh come on, flashing is no fun unless someone sees you," she said grinning.

"Funny you should say that," I said, "Mum saw my bum. Brother saw the lot," I said before telling her about earlier.

"Oops," she said, "Has Graham seen you naked before?" she asked.

"Not like that," I said, "He has walked in on me before, but he had a full frontal view of me for a fair few seconds."

"Oh well, makes it even," she said shrugging her shoulders, "You have seen him haven't you?"

"Yeah," I said nodding my head.

"So are you really going to spend all day naked?" she asked.

"We will see," I said, "That was the dare though wasn't it?"

"Yeah it was," she said, "That has made my day. I can't believe you are downstairs and naked."

"Anyway, what are you wearing?" I asked. I could see that she was in bed, and knew that she did sometimes sleep naked.

"Vest style nightie thing," she said as she lifted the duvet and gave me a quick flash, "And panties. Way more than you," she added sticking her tongue out at me.

"I dare you to be naked all day as well," I said.

"No way," she said shaking her head, "Full house here."

"Being caught is what makes it fun," I said grinning at her.

"Yeah, a small chance of being caught is fun, just walking around your house where Mum, Dad and brother are guaranteed to see your pussy tits and ass is just embarrassing," she said.

We chatted for a while longer before she said that she was going to get up and make some lunch as she was hungry. We hung up and I could probably eat as well. I got up and went into the kitchen. I flicked the kettle on and took a packet of super noodles out of the cupboard. It was then that I saw the washing machine and remembered I had been asked to hang the washing out. I grinned to myself as I considered hanging the washing out naked.

Our back garden is surrounded by 7-foot high fences all around, so being seen from neighbouring gardens was extremely unlikely. The houses however if anyone was in the upstairs windows either side would be able to see into the garden and by extension see me naked. I opened the washing machine and took out the stuff. I hung the underwear and socks onto the separate device for drying them and placed it on the table. I sorted the rest out, which consisted of ten items.

I looked out of the window and tried to talk myself into it. I unlocked the back door and opened it. I stood in the doorway for a few seconds as I tried to pluck up the courage. The sun was out, but it was still fairly cold and as the cold air licked between my legs and across my nipples I felt the tingle of excitement. I loved being exposed and the idea of being naked in public was a massive fantasy of mine. Okay, it was a very tenuous claim for it being public as it was a private back garden, but even so, buzzing and the slight dizziness of adrenaline.

I just had to do it, if I went outside and someone was overlooking the garden we would see each other at the same time. The washing line was in the centre of the garden, which was around 5 meters from the house. I looked around the kitchen and saw a pile of clean, dry towels. I grabbed one and wrapped it around myself. Being tiny it easily covered me. I grabbed the underwear and took it outside. Hanging it on the line I clipped it in place and looked into the windows that overlooked the garden. They were all clear, from what I could see anyway.

I went back inside again and scooped up half of the items. I faced the houses as I hung the washing out and watched the windows. There was no movement or any sort of life in any of the windows and I went back inside to get the second half of the washing. As I stepped towards the door I tugged at the towel that was tucked into itself by my shoulder. That was all that was holding the towel up and as the tuck slipped out the towel slipped to the floor. Avoiding hesitation as I would lose confidence I strode out into the garden barely breaking stride.

My heart was thumping in my chest and I watched the windows like a hawk as I hung out the washing. I was outside for less than 30 seconds, but it felt like a lifetime and the relief was overwhelming as I stepped back into the house. I also felt a bit disappointed that no one had caught me. Hanna was right, half the fun is being caught, or at least the risk of being caught. I had negated the majority of the risk except for a neighbour having perfect timing to look outside in the 60 seconds when I was exposed.

I folded the towel up again and put it back on the pile. I made my lunch and sat at the breakfast bar to eat it. I went back into the living room and felt the buzz of adrenaline as I walked back in with no hesitation and didn't check if there was no one coming to the door. There wasn't, but even so, it felt so good and I was massively turned on. It had been less than two hours and being naked was already starting to become normalized. A couple of hours ago I was tippy-toeing around the house, checking rooms before I went into them. Checking that the coast was clear and just paranoia in case someone had come home and I hadn't heard them. I was now just confidently striding around the house as though I was decent.

I sat on the sofa and switched the TV back on, but my legs were not as crossed as they had been earlier. I gently teased my hand down between my legs and stroked my fingers over my clit. "Oh wow," I breathed as I felt the pleasure flood through my body. I quickly focused in on my clit and what had started as a casual stroke quickly became a legs open fingering. I was staring at the front window as I rubbed circles on and around my clit with my fingers. I have no idea why I was looking at the window, if anyone looked in we would see each other at the same time so either way they were seeing me doing what I was doing. Better the devil you know though I guess, if I am going to get caught I had may as well know I have been caught.

"Oh fuck..." I whispered softly to myself and as my eyes rolled into the back of my head I closed them for a few seconds. I blinked them back into focus again and stared at the front window. They rolled again and I pushed a little harder and circled a little faster. "Yes... yes yes..." I whispered as I bucked my hips against my fingers as I chased orgasm.

I knew that I wouldn't last long, I could get myself off quickly, especially if I was horny and this was just release. My body just needed to orgasm and that is what I was going to give it. I teased my entrance with my index finger and it was instantly surrounded by warmth. I grinned to myself and didn't even penetrate passed the second knuckle. I pulled my finger out, added my middle finger and pushed two fingers inside myself. My body resisted slightly at the larger penetration but easily took my two fingers.

I sank down on the sofa so I was slouched with my bum towards the front of the seat cushion. It was a fairly deep sofa and my tiny frame allowed me to almost lay on the seat. My shoulder blades and head were still against the back of the sofa, but other than that I was on my back with my legs open. With just my right hand I fingered myself and rubbed at my clit with my thumb. I saw my phone light up, but ignored it. I was close to cumming and I wasn't stopping now.

Pushing two fingers as deep into myself as I could I changed the angle to add a bit of extra depth. Using the fingers of my left hand I rubbed at my clit. My legs were wide open as I fingered myself. "Oh fuck... yes," I said slightly louder than a whisper. Speeding up with my fingers I stroked them in and out of myself. Curling them forwards and pushing against the front wall of my pussy I raced to orgasm. "Come on... cum," I urged myself.

I stopped rubbing myself off and grabbed my own bum. I squeezed it as hard as I could until it hurt and then squeezed a little harder. Switching to my breasts I pinched my left nipple between my thumb and index finger. "Mmmmmmm yes," I breathed as I tried to tease my body to climax. I squeezed harder and twisted my nipple until it hurt. Still playing with my nipples I started to gently stroke my clit and between my legs. Gently at first, but gradually picked up the pace as my body responded. "Ohhh fuck... yes... cum Sophie... cum," I urged myself as my body surrendered.

A wave of pleasure washed over me as my entire body went tense. Still squeezing my nipple harder than was probably required and thrusting my fingers in and out of myself I orgasmed. Home alone I let it go slightly and although I was very short of screaming orgasm levels of climax I let myself orgasm audibly. Rocking my hips and switching my vice grip on my nipple to rubbing my clit again I finished myself off noisily. "Yes yes yes yes YES!" I gasped as I fucked myself.

I stopped and let my legs fold together as I caught my breath. I looked out the window and was very relieved to not have an audience. After a few moments, I checked my phone. It was an Amazon notification that a delivery was nine stops away, and that was five minutes ago. I checked the interactive map and the delivery was now five stops away. I felt a wave of excitement as I considered answering the door naked.

I knew that I wouldn't as I wasn't that brave. The turn-on was the risk of getting caught, not actually being caught. That was just plain embarrassing. I started debating with myself in my head. There was a chance the delivery would fit through the letterbox, in which case all of my thoughts were null and void, but if the delivery driver knocked how would I answer the door? Naked was off the table from the get-go, I just wasn't that brave. The idea excited me massively, but I didn't have the nerve for that. Topless? I considered to myself, just panties? Or shorts? Even that was not going to happen. In the end, I decided on sleepwear, which sounds fairly tame, but I have some fairly interesting sleepwear. One of my ex-boyfriends was massively into the sexy bedroom play sort of thing and he bought me some pretty cool outfits.

I had roughly five minutes as I rifled through my underwear and PJ's drawer. I opted for a camisole over a chemise just purely as a camisole is shorter. A chemise would easily cover my underwear, whereas a camisole would stop around my waist. My choice was decided for me as it was the first set that I found. A white silk camisole and panties set. The camisole came down to my hips so you could see my underwear, but not in a revealing sort of way, more a playful sort of way. The panties were also silk and although they were a boyshort style they were as small as you could possibly get. I put it on and checked myself in the mirror. I twisted to the sides to see what I looked like and grinned to myself. My ex was a pervert, but you have to hand it to him, it does look fucking awesomely sexy.

I also remembered that this particular set was not fully opaque. They weren't fully see-through or anything like that, but where the material hugged my body you could see through it. That was my nipples and my pussy. Neither were glaringly visible, just a shadowy impression of what was hidden beneath, you could just about make out the darker skin of my areola and between my legs, you could see the line where my most intimate bits were tucked away. I was glad I was shaved, as having hair down there would have made it very obvious the panties were see-through. I hesitated, but I heard the doorbell so this was it. Either grab my dressing gown or go for it. My heart was pounding in my chest again and my inner voice was screaming, "OH MY GOD, DO IT!!"

The doorbell went again and I hurried downstairs. I checked the time and it was almost 1 pm. "Yeah, sec," I said through the closed door as I could see them through the frosted glass. I unlatched the door and opened it towards me standing behind it. "Sorry, lay in," I said smiling at him. He was in his mid-30s and was our usual Amazon delivery driver.

"No worries Miss," he said as he eyed what he could see, which was basically my top half down to around the bottom of my ribcage. "Delivery for Graham," he said.

"Yeah, thanks," I said as I wondered what he had ordered. We all used the same Amazon account to save on delivery costs so we all got notifications on the app, which can lead to embarrassing situations. In short, if you are ordering anything a bit naughty make sure you are in the correct account. There would be much blushing involved if a notification of a new order went to your whole family and it was "Girl's dream maker, 12-inch whizzy buzzing magician. Guaranteed to make you go cross-eyed and squeal."

"Needs a signature," he said holding the tablet towards me.

"Oh yeah, sure," I said abandoning the partial safety of the door and stepping out into the doorway. A smile cracked across his face and I felt a rush of excitement as I took the tablet off him. I signed what was nothing like my signature, can anyone use those tablets where you sign with your finger? I know I can't.

The cool outside air surrounded me as I stood in the doorway and I felt my nipples stiffen underneath the silk material of my camisole. They were not designed for modesty, they were designed to look cute, slinky and sexy. I knew that my nipples would be glaringly obvious through the top and that was before his eyes wandered south and stared at them. I handed him back the tablet and after a short delay where he was just gawping at my body, he noticed and took it off me. "Thanks, Miss," he said as he nodded his head, "Have a good day."

"Cheers, you too," I replied.

"I think my day has peeked," he said smiling at me warmly before walking back down the driveway again, but not before another full body scan of me with his eyes.

I know in this day and age it isn't overly PC to admire and judge a girl on how she looks, but fuck me, it still felt good and was a massive ego boost. God gave me it so I had may as well have fun with it while I could. As I closed the door I felt a mix of pure excitement, but also regret. Not regret that I had just opened the door in what was effectively sexy underwear to a stranger, but the regret was that I hadn't been brave enough to do it topless or even have done it naked. My heart fluttered at the thought of doing that naked and I felt a tingle down the length of my spine and a warmth between my legs.

I went back upstairs and stripped, leaving the nightwear on my bed. I went back downstairs and continued my day as normal, except for not wearing anything. It was fairly uneventful as I went about a sleepy Saturday afternoon just watching TV and I even went and got a book at some point to read. I rarely got time to read, I was very easily distracted and the hustle and bustle of a busy household was all it took to make me lose my place or not follow the story properly. It was lovely, so nice to have peace and quiet and I wished that I could afford my own place to have this level of peace and quiet every day if I wanted. As I wasn't even working part-time at the moment it was a pipe dream and had no way of becoming a reality. Still though, it would be awesome, I would also save a fortune on clothes as I could just be naked when at home.

At half 4 the sun started to set and I remembered the washing. I got up and looked outside. I unlocked the door and opened it. The temperature had dropped several degrees now and it was no longer cool, it was fecking freezing. Probably not actually that cold, but in my current state of undress it was cold, I felt the cold anyway, so I really wasn't helping myself. I slipped on a pair of my trainers that were by the back door and stepped out into the garden. I crept forwards looking backwards at the windows of each neighbour. Satisfied no one was looking out I started to remove the washing from the line.

It took me three trips to get everything inside and each time I went outside I crept into the open checking and double-checking the windows as I went. I went back inside and remembered that I had left the tub of pegs on the grass. I cursed myself and unlocked the door again. I went outside and picked it up. It was ridiculously full as for no reason mum thought she needed a billion pegs at all times and of course, a few fell out. I picked them up and turned around. I saw movement in the upstairs window to the left. My eyes were drawn to the window and I saw my neighbour looking out at me with a very large smile on his face. He was elderly and lived there will his wife of 60 years. He was cute and friendly and as neighbours, we got on well, he had also now seen me naked.

"Fuck," I said to myself as I covered myself. Now I always assumed the act of covering myself in 'oh shit, caught naked' situations would be a fairly routine procedure. Pussy, boobs, ass in that order of priority, if only one option was able to be covered in any situation like you were carrying a box of pegs, then hand between legs at the very least. In reality, what I did was total panic and ended up just scurrying back to the safety of the house covering nothing of any importance.

I slammed the door closed in my panic and swore out loud. "Fuck fuck fuck," I said as I had just been caught. I wasn't upset I had been caught naked, I was more worried that he would mention it in casual conversation. I could of course deny it, but why would he make it up in the first place? I could just shrug and play it off as not even worth talking about. Or, I could come up with a billion excuses, none of which were viable, as ultimately I did it for the buzz and for sexual excitement. Or I could stop Catastrophising and just get on with it. How would it come up in conversation? "Oh hi there neighbour, saw your daughter naked the other day." Hardly.

I grinned to myself, I hated it when Hanna was right, but yeah, the risk of being caught was what made it fun and actually getting caught was a massive adrenaline rush. The panic and removal of control from yourself as someone sees you naked and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it. You cant even shout at them for barging into your private space without warning, you just have to suck it up and accept that it happened, and oops.

My phone lit up with a message from Mum.

Mum -- Hey love, we are staying over so you will have the house to yourself. Make sure you lock the front door before you go to bed. Hope you are feeling better

Me -- Yeah, thanks, feeling alive again. Washing is done, where do you want it?

Mum -- Just throw it in our room for now.

I took the washing upstairs as it was currently just abandoned on the dining table at the moment. When I got back downstairs I had a missed call from Hanna. I rang her back and put her on speaker phone so I didn't have to hold the phone.

"Hi, you rang?" I said when she picked up.

"Yeah, just being nosey," she said, "Are ya still naked?"

"Yep," I said confidently.

"That is awesome," she said giggling, "Have you been naked all day then?"

"Pretty much," I replied. "Amazon delivery earlier though."

"Should have done it naked," she said.

"You know the white camisole set I have..." I said.

"I do," she said hesitantly as she waited for more detail, but I didn't offer anything else. "Just that?" she asked.

"Uh-huh," I replied.

"Wow. The see-through one?" she asked, but it was rhetorical as she knew the answer, "That is awesome. Jealous."

"You do it as well then," I prompted. Her family were fairly liberal, much more liberal than mine were, if I walked around the house wearing anything less than head-to-toe body armour I was told to get dressed. That is maybe a little overly dramatic, but if I left my room in a vest and very conservative panties that I had clearly slept in it would be commented on. They weren't stuffy with it or anything like that, it was just how they were. Hanna didn't make a habit of walking around her house naked, but she would think nothing of making herself a drink wearing just a towel or a t-shirt. On a family holiday a while back she was sharing a room with her brother and after a few uncomfortably warm nights she slept in just her panties and to hell with her brother seeing

her. I would never be that braisen, to her though it was just more practical and it is only her brother, who cares if he sees her. It was a big ask though to get her to go naked like I am.

"How about no," she said flatly.

"Wimp," I goaded.

"Are you going to stay naked tomorrow as well?" she asked.

She had me there, as I wasn't willing to do what I was suggesting she did, so I didn't really have a leg to stand on. I just changed the subject. "Neighbour saw me naked," I said.

"Oops, which one?" she asked.

"Right side," I said, "Mr Jones," I said.

"Made his day I bet," she said laughing, "What happened?"

"Well I was maybe getting the washing in..." I began, but she cut me off.

"Outside? Naked?" she asked sounding a mix of surprised and impressed.

"Uh-huh. Well, I had trainers on," I said, "Three trips, no issue, forgot the pegs, got complacent, full frontal," I said.

"Oops indeed," she said laughing. "Have you braved eating today yet?" she asked.

"Yeah, had a light lunch," I said, "Hangover hungry now though. Deciding what to have."

"Do the pizza dare," she said.

I smiled to myself. It had been a fantasy to do that forever but I had never really had the opportunity or been brave enough. "Dunno," I said.

"Go on, dare ya," she urged, "Tell you what, if you do it I will pay for your pizza."

"Large pizza?" I asked.

"Yep," she replied.

"And chicken wings? I asked.

"Yep," she said, "Fully naked, no covering, full frontal naked," she added.

I grinned to myself as I considered her offer. A takeaway pizza was going to be $30 and as a none working student that was most of my cash. I say my cash, it was most of the cash I had 'borrowed' from my parents that was left after my night out. "And you will pay?" I confirmed.

"Yep," she said, "You have to be naked though, hallway lights on, no hiding behind the door or anything like that."

"How will you know if I actually do it?" I asked.

"Well I was just going to trust you, but now you mention it," she said as I could hear her mind working, "You can WhatsApp video call me and place your phone in the hallway so I can watch as well."

"So two people see me naked, hardly seems fair," I said.

"I have seen you naked loads," she said giggling again. "Are you wimping out?"

"Nope," I said confidently, "If you pay, I will do it."

"Deal," she said, "What do you want?"

"Uh, pepperoni, stuffed crust. Small box of chicken wings," I said.

"Hot? Mild? Smoky?" she said as she listed a few of the many chicken wing options.

"Just mild," I said.

"Okay dokay," she said while she (I assume) sorted the order on her phone. "Fucking hell, 28 bucks. Robbing bastards."

"I know, piss take isn't it?" I replied.

"Slightly," she said, "Anyway, you really doing it? I will hunt you down for my 28 bucks if you wimp out."

"Yep, I will do it," I said.

"Naked. No covering. No hiding. Lights on. I see it as well," she clarified.

"Yep, yep, yep, yep and yep," I said.

"Sweet! Okay ordered," she said, "ETA, 20 minutes."

"Okay," I said. I carried the phone into the hallway and turned the lights on. I placed the phone on the old telephone table and angled it so it was facing the front door. I switched the call to video and waited a few seconds for it to connect. "That view okay?" I asked.

"Er... yeah," she said, "Ring me when they get there."

"Will do," I said.

"You are soooooo wimping out of this," she teased.

I didn't reply. I just ended the video call and left my phone where I had set it up. I was nervous, I spent the next 20 minutes clock watching and pacing around as reality set in what I had just agreed to. The fantasy was awesome, the reality could be totally different. What if they complained instead of laughing about it? What if the delivery driver was a girl? Would that be better or worse? I honestly didn't know. I nearly messaged Hanna and told her I would give her the money, but each time I walked towards my phone something kicked in and I didn't send any such message.

I was watching out of the window and I saw a car pull up. It was branded, so unless one of my neighbours had ordered from the same place at the same sort of time then this was it. I video-called Hanna and she picked up instantly. "Are they there?" she asked.

"Yep," I said poking my head in front of the camera, "They have just pulled up," I added.

"Awesome," she said smiling at me, "One public viewing order of Sophie's pussy, tits and ass coming right up," she added with a cheeky grin.

The doorbell went and I nearly wimped out again, but after a second's hesitation I didn't I walked towards the door which would have given Hanna a full view of my bare back and bum. I paused at the door, took a deep breath and opened it. I stepped back as I opened it so the door didn't hit me and I just stood in the doorway fully lit and naked. "Oh wow," the delivery driver said staring at me. They were male, early twenties I would guess, and they were very much staring at my nudity. He seemingly forgot why he was there and for the next few seconds, he just alternated looking at my breasts and pussy. "I assume you lost?" he asked grinning at me.

"Yeah, something like that," I said. My head was spinning and my heart was beating so hard I was sure I could actually hear it pounding in my chest.

"Erm, large pepperoni, stuffed crust, small chicken wings, mild," he said as he handed me the two boxes.

"Ta," I said taking them off him.

"Have a good night," he said.

"Thanks, you too," I said automatically.

"Oh I have," he said smiling at me. "Super cute," he added as he left and I closed the door.

I closed the door and took a deep breath. I also realised that as I span around to walk towards my phone Hanna was about to get a full frontal view. It was too late now though and I picked the phone up switching her back to voice only. "That qualify?" I asked.

"Fucking yes it does," she said laughing loudly. "Fucking hell Sophie. Made his fucking year!"

"Such a buzz," I said, "Sooo terrifying."

"I sooooooooooo need to do that," she said, "Fucking hell, awesome."

"Totally buzzing," I said hearing the excitement in my voice.

"I bet," she said. "You look super cute shaved as well. Have you always been shaved?" she asked. As I have said, she has seen me naked loads, but even though she has seen me countless times, she has never actually looked, if that makes sense.

"Pretty much yeah," I said, "Since I used to swim, it was just easier."

"Looks cute," she said, "Do you pay for it or DIY?" she asked.

"DIY. Imagine asking Dad for that money? Hey Dad, can I have $40 to get my twat waxed?"

"Ha, yeah, good point, I didn't think of that," she said laughing.

"I use the Veet stuff, dead easy and lasts for a few weeks as well," I added.

"Awesome, I may try it," she said, "I will leave you to your well-earned food. Speak soon."

"Cheers for the food," I said as we hung up and I went into the living room to have my chicken and pizza. I would have to be careful as Mum would kick my ass if she knew I was eating on her cream Italian leather sofa, but what she didn't know wouldn't hurt her.


