"Taking off so soon?" Sam asks, giving Cam a wry grin. She's still in her BDUS, a stack of folders and a laptop in her arms. Cam's not the least bit surprised. She and Jackson are both first class workaholics.

Cam snorts. "Don't take offense, but Carter - I'm sick of seeing your face."

Sam just laughs. After ten days away, after Ba'al being ousted as a false god, after sleeping on the floor outside the jail cell to make sure their resident Goa'uld didn't get his throat slit in the night, after the subsequent trial... Cam is tired of seeing his teammates day in and day out.

"Go get a decent meal and a good night's sleep," Sam says, freeing a hand to pat him on the shoulder.

"Don't blow anything up while I'm gone!" He calls out after her.

He does plan on taking her advice. He wants a good meal... and he knows where he wants to go to get it. He thinks about calling Vala but after ten days offworld without having remembered to plug it in beforehand, his cellphone is dead. He tells himself that the only reason he doesn't call is because his phone is dead. He conveniently ignores that there are phones all over the base.

He wouldn't possibly be delaying that call because he's afraid of the reaction he'll get. Somehow, just showing up seems like the easier of the options. He heads out to his car and drives straight to Sol's, not bothering to go to his apartment first.

Vala has her hands full with dinner; she makes her way in between two tables, her hips swinging as she goes. "Alright, blue plate for you sir and the fried chicken for you ma'am," she repeats, setting the plates down in front of the correct individuals.

"Anything else I can get for you?" They both murmur no and turn to their food, promptly ignoring Vala. She shrugs, not really bothered by it. The bell on the door tinkles behind her and she turns to greet the new diner but her voice pauses in her throat.

Cam stands in the doorway, face unshaven and hair a mess and with clothes that are rumpled and dirty. Vala blinks, surprised to see him standing there and surprised at her own emotional reaction at seeing him. "Hi," she says quietly, giving him a huge smile as her eyes rake him over; it looks like he just drove straight from base. "You look.... good-- tired, but good."

He's struck, unable to do anything but just look at her and hope the smile on his face isn't to foolish. He wants to go to - to hug her - but he stays still and just... smiles. She's been on his mind so much over the past week and a half, the time he'd spent with her played over and over every time he found a moment to luxuriate in it. Now it feels a touch surreal to be right in front of her again. It was only ten days, but he's surprised at how much longer it felt.

When she says he's looking tired, he laughs. "Got that one right."

"Come on," she says quietly. "Hungry?" She begins to lead him towards the back of the diner where a booth is tucked away by the kitchen. "Its usually the place most diners prefer not to sit but... I didn't think you'd mind." As Vala gestures over to the booth, her hand brushes across Cam's slightly.

"Closer to you the better," he murmurs, eyes sweeping over her face again. She doesn't look tired - she looks good, like she's been getting plenty of rest. He reaches up and wipes a smear of flour from right along her cheekbone, letting his thumb linger there with in index finger crooked underneath her chin.

She gives him a crooked smile and leans in, pressing her lips to his. He feels good against her and Vala sighs when she realises that yes, yes she did miss him. When he was gone she did her best to keep herself busy and occupied but with Cam right in front of her now there is no way Vala can deny to herself that she missed the feel of his lips and the touch of his hands. Even more than that, Vala missed having him in the diner as she closed, having his kind smile and warm laugh as she finished with the last of the customers each night.

Wrapping her arms around Cam, she pulled him close and let the kiss deepen slightly. The wall kept them out of sight of prying eyes of the other diners.

He’s thought about this for the past weeks. His mouth curves into a smile pressed against hers, and he reaches out to wrap an arm around her waist. He grabs her and pulls her onto his lap, enjoying the little delighted laugh from her.

She smiles back at him, sitting in his lap for a moment. "Really need to be seeing about my tables..." She whispers her lips fighting not to break out into a huge grin.

"Fine," he says, but instead of letting her go he holds her a little more closely, enjoying her weight in his lap and her body pressed against his. He reaches up and pushes a curl of hair behind her ear. "Guess I can't talk you into kicking all of them out?"

"Mm, fairly certain Sol would get upset at me for losing money..." Vala trails off, smiling at Cam. She isn't fighting him at getting away, she's perfectly happy to remain sitting in his lap.

"Fine, I guess I can wait." He kisses her on the mouth again, then lets her go reluctantly. The lock of hair he'd been playing with slips from his fingertips and he smiles ruefully. "Go keep Sal rolling in the dough."

The last few sounds of the syllable are garbled with a yawn.

"Cam... You can go upstairs if you're really tired." Vala reaches out and curls a long piece of hair behind Cam's ear. "Here's a key," she pulls her keys out of her pocket and pulls her flat key off and slides it across the table to him. "Go lay down, before you fall down."

His hand closes over the key even as he says, "You sure?"

She nods. He leans forward and rests his forehead against her shoulder, enjoying her fingers in his hair for just a moment before getting up. He hasn't even put in a food order, hasn't eaten since lunch, but right now he's tired enough that he doesn't really care.

He heads up the stairs to her little flat, unlocking the door and then placing it on the small table. There's nowhere really to sit, and her bed looks inviting - pleasantly rumpled covers, pillow just waiting for a head to rest on it. He gives in to the urge and kicks his shoes off, dropping down onto the bed. He groans in relief at the softness underneath him, welcome after nights of hard concrete as a mattress. He doesn't mean to fall asleep but the pillow smells like her, and his eyes droop shut.

Hours later, Vala carries a few leftover dishes in a styrofoam container upstairs for Cam. "Hello? Cam?" She calls once upstairs. Setting the food down in the fridge, she moves into her bedroom and finds him, asleep, face down on the bed.

She could tell when he came into the diner earlier that he was exhausted. Slowly stripping off her uniform, Vala slides herself in next to him in bed.

He wakes when he feels the mattress move with her weight. "What-" he mumbles, and it takes him a second to get his bearings and remember where exactly he is. He rubs his face against the pillow and fights embarrassment, realizing that he's fallen asleep in her bed.

He turns his head to look at the clock. It's been a couple of hours he thinks, though the nap hasn't really done much to dull his exhaustion. "Sorry," he says, voice rough with sleep. "Didn't mean to crash."

She shakes her head and tucks an arm under her head, smiling over at Cam. "Don't worry about it Cam. You looked completely exhausted in the diner. Did you not get any sleep on your mission thing?"

"Hardly any," he says. He'd been stuck on Ba'al babysitting duty most often, thanks to Jackson's self-appointed position as negotiator and the fact that Carter just didn't like being around him.

Ba'al hadn't been a big fan of actually letting Cam sleep. He seemed determined to hold to the idea that Cam was his own personal slave and all night long Cam had to deal with requests for food and drink and a host of other things, most of which were not remotely in Cam's power to get for him.

Vala frowns and reaches out, smoothing out Cam's brow. "Well, whatever they were making you do wasn't fair at all." She slides closer to Cam under the sheets and smiles, opening her arms to him.

He smiles at the slightly placating tone in her voice, at how it's soothing and not patronizing, enjoys the touch of her hand. It actually does relax him somewhat, chasing away the annoyances of the past couple of weeks and replacing with much nicer thoughts.

He moves in closer, to her, sleep still making his limbs heavy, and rests his head beside hers on the pillow. He finds her mouth and gives her a soft kiss. "Thanks, Vala."

She scrunches her nose and grins back at him. "For what? The use of my bed? Cam, getting you into my bed is not something that is a hardship for me."

He can see her fairly well through the moonlight thanks to the window nearby. He can see exactly how the little grin lights up her face, how the lines around her mouth form and how her eyes crinkle. He reaches out and pushes her hair back from her face, his fingers lingering on her cheek and stoking along the bone, and he kisses her again. "Thanks for giving me something nice to look forward to while I was away."

"You looked forward to seeing me?" Vala asks, her voice almost hopeful. She bites down on her bottom lip as her mouth curls into a huge, wide smile. "I like that. What else did you look forward to while on your mission Cameron Mitchell?" She asks him, getting comfortable in the bed.

Something about her choices of words there almost unsettles him, but the thought is lost to distraction and the sleepiness that still clings to him.

"Thought about that date you promised me," he teases, but there's something hopeful in his voice too, hoping she hasn't forgotten or changed her mind, hoping she was serious about it to begin with.

"Ooh, where you're actually going to take me out somewhere for alcohol and perhaps bowling?" Vala almost bounces in the bed with him. She doesn't want to admit to Cam that she had forgotten that he promised to take her out somewhere. Now reminded with it, Vala can't wait to actually go.

"Wherever you wanna go," he says, sliding his arm around her to pull her closer to him. Their knees bump and he smiles when she slides her thigh over his, entwining their bodies. His fingers find the sliver of skin between her cami and her panties and strokes callused fingertips over it. He loves her enthusiasm, feeling warmed all the way through.

She shivers at the rough touch of his hands on the smooth skin of her stomach. "Anywhere I want to go?" Vala breathes, her eyes widening at all the ideas. She's seen so many things on tv, so many things she wants to go and do and try.

"Well," he says, laughing, thinking she's teasing him. "Anywhere we can get to and back in one night. "Anywhere legal, that we can get to in a night. As much as I'd like to whisk you off to Paris for a first date..."

He grins ruefully.

"Paris..." Vala sounds the word out but there's no recognition behind her eyes. She knows by how Cam said it, it should be something she's familiar with and she's quick to recover. "Right, that would be fun," she lies smoothly, smiling at Cam.

He's still tired, and doesn't notice. "Anywhere local," he promises her, fingers stroking along the bone of her hip, turning his face into the pillow to yawn again. "Sorry," he mumbles. "I'm good company, huh?"

She shakes her head, not minding at all. It was a long day at the diner, annoyingly loud customers throughout the entire day. "Its fine, you need to get to sleep obviously." She leans over and presses a kiss to his forehead and then a longer kiss to his lips. "Stay here tonight. You're obviously far too tired to actually make it home tonight."

"Thanks," he says. He rubs his nose against hers and smiles, happy not to have to get out of this nice warm bed. He does reach under the covers and undo his pants though, sliding them out and tossing them onto the floor beside the bed haphazardly. He leaves on his shirt and his shorts.

"Rawr," Vala grins, running a hand down his body to touch his bared legs. "Sexy. Should strip more for me." She laughs and presses her body against his, yawning herself. "But later. Kinky sex in the morning," she mumbles into his chest.

"Morning," he agrees, relaxing and letting his eyes fall shut again.

*

Vala walks up the wooden stairs to her apartment slowly, balancing the tray of food in her hand with ease. She's had awhile to practice her waitressing and her dexterity before showing up in Colorado Springs was already fairly advanced. Vala's sure that if she were to try to steal the Rubiyat now, she'd be able to pull the heist off without a hitch.

Fingering the doorknob, she pushes the door to her apartment open and shuts it with a soft click. She let Cam sleep in and doesn't want to wake him.

She doesn't know what sort of job he has but considering the condition he came to her the night before, the man could use quite a good nights sleep and she's not about to wake him. She had turned his phone on silent and turned off the alarm to let him sleep.

She slides the tray full of food onto the night stand next to him and tucks his dangling hand back under the covers. She smiles down at him, reaching out to run her fingers through his soft hair.

Vala can't stay long, she is only able to sneak away momentarily to bring him food but she has to get back to work. Leaning back over the tray, Vala covers the coffee and the plates, making sure they'll stay warm for him. Turning, she heads back out of the apartment and back down the stairs to work.

Cam has no idea what time it is when he wakes up. He can tell that the sun is too bright through the window for it to be before his phone alarm is supposed to sound. He fumbles on the nightstand for where he remembers putting his phone, and finds it switched off to silent.

"Did I do that? Damn," he mumbles to himself, stretching and sitting up. He's half undressed, and that much he does remember, but Vala isn't in bed with him anymore. He swings his feet over the side of the bed and stretches again, his back giving a loud and satisfying crack.

He can smell food but considering there's a diner downstairs it still takes him a moment to realize it's a little closer... that it's right beside him, right by his phone on the nightstand. He frowns, lifting the cover on one of the plates. His stomach gives a growl but he's still frowning because now he can see the alarm now and it's much later than he'd expected. He almost can't believe he slept that long somewhere besides his own bed.

He crunches on a slide of bacon and glances toward the door, wondering if he should just make a quick getaway or if he should stay.

The diner is up and buzzing, the police chief in his usual booth for his usual cup of coffee and bacon and eggs before his shift begins. Vala slides another plate of bacon in next to him, extra crispy. She gives the man a subtle wink before topping off his coffee.

Sol likes to take extra special care of the police force. He calls it insurance; Vala calls it a damn good idea.

She looks over at the clock behind the register. Its well past eight and Cam should be up by now; she can't imagine he would have slept in longer than this. Her eyes dart over to the back door, thinking about making a mad dash for it upstairs to check on him.

"Uh uh, don't even think about going up to lover boy," Betty grumbles, turning the page on her pad. "We've got another hot table coming in and we haven't even gotten to the family rush yet." Vala wrinkles her nose but she knows Betty is right.

She hates this trying to be responsible thing.

The food is good even if it's only lukewarm by now. Cam eats quickly and then showers, putting his t-shirt and BDU pants back on. He leaves the shirt, not wanting to be too obvious about being military. He really should have changed before he left base, but he hadn't wanted to spare the minutes at the time.

Once he's cleaned and dressed he steels himself and then opens the door that leads downstairs. He could go out the back and avoid Vala altogether, but he doesn't want to. He wants to see her... he's just not sure if he really wants to face Sal and Betty first thing in the morning.

Vala is bent over a table in the back, listening to an old man try and sputter out what it is that he wants for breakfast. She knows the whole order by now, Ernie Sanders is always in every morning at exactly 8:37 when the bus drops him off but every morning he insists on giving Vala his order.

She tries to be patient, her pen resting on the paper as she waits for him to look back over the menu one last time before finally deciding on the bacon as his side, extra crispy.

"Of course, I'll tell Sal," she assures him. Standing, she pushes back a strand of hair that has gotten out of place before heading to the back. "Adam and Eve on a raft and wreck 'em," she calls back. "Side of pig and burn it!"

Cam manages to creep by Sal and hovers awkwardly in the doorway watching Vala, waiting for her to have a moment.

Betty notices him first and gives him such a huge, obvious leer that he actually feels his face start to redden. Luckily, it's about then that Vala does spot him and he's saved any embarrassing commentary or questions.

"Good morning sleepy head," she bounces over to him, her pen tucked behind her ear. "Finally decided to get up, hm? Was afraid I'd need to go and check on you." She stops in front of him, suddenly feeling a lot more conspicuous with Cam this morning than she had last night in the diner.

He starts to lean forward and kiss her hello, but stops an awkward foot or so away because suddenly he realizes she's at work and maybe she wouldn't appreciate him being quite so familiar in front of her boss and her coworkers. Instead, when he opens his mouth what comes out is, "You should have woken me up."

Vala leans in too and stops as well. "You were tired. I wanted you to sleep well. You looked horrible last night." She frowns and pushes back a pigtail over her shoulder.

He can't really argue with that, and even if he'd been going to her... his irritation fades when he sees her smack her bubble gum and flip her hair like that. It's so cute, so girly, so at odds with what he sees now when he looks into her eyes. He can't help but smile. "I need to get to base, but... can you walk me out?"

They seem a little bit busy but he still asks.

Vala glances at all the busy tables and Betty running back and forth with her tray and nods. "Yeah, I can walk you out."

She sticks her pad into her apron pocket and turns to follow Cam out the door of the diner. Outside it is cooler and much quieter than the packed diner is.

He remembers belatedly that he's left his shirt upstairs, but decides it isn't worth going back for. He thinks they'd decided to wear green today anyway...

"Thanks for breakfast," he says with a slightly sheepish smile. "Still didn't get around to buying you that meal yet, but... just let me know when you're free. Promise I won't sleep through it next time."

He wants to ask if she'll be free tonight but decides to leave it a little more open ended and give her an out just in case she doesn't want to see him every night.

"You do, thats right." She smiles hugely and bounces on the balls of her feet. "You're going to buy me alcoholic beverages and food and then there will be sex." She follows him over towards the car. "When can you take me?"

"Well, good to know. we're not sticking to that third date rule... be kind of pointless for us by now, anyway." He winks, feeling certain she'll get the joke and not be offended. "I'll be around for the next week or two... free tonight..."

He says it very casually, but watches her to gauge her reaction.

Vala frowns. "Wait, rule? What rule?" She sighs, there are so many different rules and customs for this planet that Vala has a hard time keeping them all straight sometimes.

"You know, third date... oh, I see," he grins. "Exactly. What rule."

He reaches out and puts a hand around her waist, pulling her in. He feels a little more confident after the flirtation and the promise of sex and just knowing he'll get to see her again soon. "I get a goodbye kiss, right?"

Vala opens her mouth to ask him again about the rule but she's derailed by the prospect of kissing which is much more fun than talking. "Oh. Of course," she grins and leans in, giving him a quick, chaste peck on the lips.

He pouts. "That's all I get?"

Vala chuckles and smirks. Placing a hand on the center of Cam's chest, Vala backs him up into his car and begins to kiss him. Her lips move over his as her tongue slips past her lips and into his mouth to tease his tongue. She presses her body up against his, snugging her hips to his and slowly rubbing her body up and down.

He tilts his head and deepens the kiss, wrapping his arms low around her so that his hand can cup her ass. His body is remembering what it missed out on the night before by being so utterly exhausted and he has to work to keep his hard-on down.

"That's what I'm talking about," he grins, and goes back in for more.

There's a sharp whistle and Vala pulls back. They both look toward the door. Betty is standing there with a hand cocked on her hip, glaring.

Vala raises an eyebrow and holds up two fingers behind her back, silently requesting just a few moments more. She turns back to Cam's lips and dives in, sucking his tongue into her mouth and making the last few moments of this kiss enough for him to remember it the rest of the day.

Cam would happily stand out here the rest of the morning just necking with Vala if he could get away with it. He's not about to voluntarily send her back inside. Even as it is, when she starts to pull back he just tightens his arms around her. "Think they're all staring out the windows at us?"

He reaches out and wipes at a smudge of pink lipstick, his thumb trailing over her swollen and damp bottom lip just for the pleasure of it.

"No doubt. Probably the most action that the old guys in there have seen in years. Wouldn't be surprised if there were teeth on the table, which, I'm not cleaning."

Cam laughs and lets her step away. "So... tonight? Or do you need to ask Sal with a little more notice?"

"Tonight... should be just fine," Vala replies smiling. She leans in again and presses her lips to his, kissing him once more before finally pulling away. "Got... work..." She grins, staring at his lips. "Call me to let me know when you'll be by?"

"Yeah, I will," he says, letting her hand go reluctantly then turning and getting into his car.