A Dare Gone TOTALLY Right 
by Tiffany8©

Ch. 01
So, my fellow readers, here is the story: My girlfriend, Marissa, and I (Tiffany) were bored and decided to search the Internet for something different so I typed in "erotic dares". Truth or dare had always been a big part of anybody's life but this brought the game to a whole new level. What caught my attention was that one of the girls decided to not to wear underwear or a skirt while she worked at night in a pay toll booth. Marissa had fabricated her own dare in her mind and dared me to go without panties for a day as we went to normally crowded places. I decided to take on the dare. My girlfriend left that night saying she was going to let me choose what I wore and that she would meet early tomorrow morning to make sure I was in uniform. She hinted to wear something very sexy and revealing so that it would make the dare more interesting. So I stripped off my clothes and went to bed naked very horny for what tomorrow would bring.

So I woke up that morning very horny and decided to masturbate a few times. That was the best masturbation I have had in a long time and I couldn't have been hornier for the dare. I got up, took a shower, walked around the apartment with the towel around my neck and had some breakfast. I then looked for the shortest skirt that I owned which covered only half my butt and barely covered my pussy when I stood still. "I said oh this is going to be perfect," I said giggling to myself. It was schoolgirl plaid and today's weather called for a 25 mph wind so I definitely thought this was going to be a tough experience where I couldn't let my guard down. I looked for a cute turtleneck that matched and looked in the mirror and thought, "Damn I am a hot school girl again. I definitely think I'm going to turn a few heads" and giggled to myself a bit. The doorbell rang and I answered it to see my girlfriend in a police outfit saying: 

"You're under arrest for indecent exposure" saying pulling up my skirt exposing my shaved pussy and giggling. I pull my skirt back down and invite her inside. You mind if I steal some clothing. I am going to pass walking around in this outfit in the mall." She strips, exposing the fact that she was without undergarments as well. "I'll borrow a thong and bra since I know you won't be using them anyways," she says with a good laugh and a very cute wink. "Good selection the turtleneck with that skirt. That was the skirt from catholic school days right? It was probably longer on you back then," she says laughing again as it does cover little to nothing and she gives my exposed, plump butt a good slap. "But seriously it's a very windy day, love. You sure you're going to be alright? We can do this a different time."

"No baby I definitely think this would be a great experience for us both." I say with a wink and trying to pull down my skirt a bit to adjust my butt so it's not sticking out too much. 

"So are you ready then?" she says as she opens the door. The wind pours in and blows my skirt up exposing my wet pussy again. I think to myself I definitely got to be more careful. We get in her car and we drive off. I feel myself getting wet with anticipation of what is to come and all the indecent things I am going to be doing with the help of Marissa, my partner in crime. "Hey you are dripping on my leather seats, baby?" I look and to my surprise my erotic fantasies have gotten the best of me. She pulls the car over and eats my pussy out before I even have the time to react.

"No stop! Not right here baby," I say and try to fight to desires and lusts of her tongue pleasuring me. She only strengthens her resolve and pinches my clit. I know I am really moaning loud and I was lucky we were in such an empty park because someone might have called the cops thinking something worse was happening. I finally cum all over her seat and say, "I'll clean that up later."

"No, you'll clean that up now," she says opening my door with a big smirk. "This is our first stop, babe. So be sure to really bend over when cleaning your love juices up." I know anyone behind me got a really good look at my swollen pussy lips and plump ass.

"Can I get back in the car now, baby?" I ask with a very cute sad face. She confirms the seat to be dry and clean and invites me back in. We then head off to the much more populated places and to the much more erotic pleasures. I think that the erotic pleasures that today will bring will not come close to anything I have done before.

A Dare Gone TOTALLY Right Ch. 02
We drove for about an hour and after Marissa attempted to play with my pussy for the millionth time and I finally said: "Where are you fucking taking me, babe?" 

"Jeez what's got your panties in a bunch?" she says pinching my clit. "Oh wait your not wearing any," she giggles to herself and continues to play. I moan and shove her hand away.

"C'mon, tell me where you plan on taking me. We have been driving for two hours. I would think you are taking us to the..." Before I could finish we had arrived at the beach. 

"Well Hun, we are here!" she says in a very excited voice. She starts to change revealing her full 34DD breasts and her shaved pussy. I feel myself getting wet as I see her shed her clothing. "Isn't this top the cutest?" she says holding it up in front of me. 

"Uhhh...it looks great..." I say stammering at how gorgeous my girlfriend is. 

"What's wrong? Is my nakedness just too much for a horny little girl like you?" she says with the upmost swagger and confidence. She then shoves her exposed pussy in front of my mouth. "You've been getting all the pleasure. How about you give some to me, baby?" she says with the cutest face.

I pull her hips to my mouth and begin to eat the most wonderful pussy pie ever. The fluid rushes over me and she moans the sweetest pitch. She begs for more and more, and before I know it she releases her love juices into my mouth. "Babe, you taste as sweet as apple pie. How did you do that?"

"That is my secret," she says with a wink. She ties her bikini top on and I have the honor to tie on her bikini bottoms. She giggles as I kiss her pussy before tie it up for safe keeping. "Well let's go!" she says with a very sly grin. Of course I know I can't wear a bathing suit because the suit counts as underwear. I sigh but smile because I know how sexual this going to be.

We pull up to the water and a wave hits up my legs spray mist into my pussy. "Oh!" I say very startled by the sneak attack the beach had attacked me with. 

"So baby, how about you get out of your only clothes since this isn't our last stop?" she says knowing that today was far from over. I take my turtleneck off revealing my not-as-full 34D breasts cover up like I am embarrassed of my nudity. "C'mon, I have gone all the way with you before," she says with anticipation of a very cute pussy. 

"What if someone sees me?" I say jokingly complaining about my voyeurism. 

"Well," Marissa says, "how about I just...do this," as she pulls down my skirt to the sand and pushing me into the water and running off with my clothes storing them in her bag, all-the-while giggling. She sits down in the sand as yells as I stand to my feet, "Hey, put some clothes on, you dirty slut." I decide to bend over and pretend that I didn't hear her, showing my puffy pussy to my horny girlfriend.

She decides to join me in the water. I swim out a bit and float on my back, thinking how even though its winter the water feels great. I suddenly hear the "Jaws" theme. Finally at the climax of Marissa's little parody, she bites into my pussy (very gently of course). I go along with her charade and say, "Oh know it's a pussy shark. They enjoy eating skinny dipping girl's pussies." She drags me under and I latch my legs around her hips. We re-emerge passionately kissing. I wrap my arms around my lover's neck; she places her hands under my plump butt, occasionally slipping a finger into my pussy and butt. 

I finally break the silence with, "I love you so much, babe." I feel myself blushing and she kisses me. 

She says after the deep passionate kiss, "I will always love you, baby." I got so excited that I accidentally took her top off. 

"Oops! My bad, babe," I say with a cute giggle.

"Oh, trying to get me naked I see?" With that she begins her full force strike on me. She picks me up and takes me to the beach, laying my back on the sand. "Your body just doesn't fail to amaze me babe," she says kissing me.

"I know another area that needs that kissing," I say with my signature erotic giggle. I strip off her bottoms and ask for her pussy. We begin a sixty-nine session that could not be interrupted by anyone. "Oh my God! This is the greatest, baby. Naked on the beach, eating each others pussy, nothing can possibly go wrong. We eat pussy for a good ten minutes after cuming five times. She gets her suit on and I attempt to get my clothes back but she starts running for the car. "Baby, I need my clothes!" I scream as I run after her while covering up because people saw me, a naked girl with big jiggling jugs, chasing another girl, who was topless. I felt my pussy getting wet and the horniness returning to me once again. 

A Dare Gone TOTALLY Right Ch. 03
We returned back to her car and she had locked herself inside. "Baby!!!! C'mon, I need my clothes. This is so embarrassing!!!!" She rolled down her window and motioned for me to move to the back of the car, which I did. The back popped open and I noticed a sundress that didn't quite fit someone of my height. I put it on and to my surprise it was shorter than I had imagined. It hugged my hips but barely covered my pussy and more than half my butt was showing. I heard the wolf whistles behind me and Marissa unlocks the doors. 

I hop in very quickly and she says: "Very nice. It fit you better than I thought it would," she says with a very evil giggle.

"There is no way this thing fits me. Look my pussy and ass are totally showing when I sit and stand," I say to her with my lip pouting out. 

She tickles my pussy a bit and says, "You look really good in it though. I mean I am very turned on by you right now." She backs out the car, I decide to take a catnap because of the level of excitement I had to endure and we head back to town...or at least I think that. She instead heads toward the mountains and we head to one of her family's vacation houses. 

I wake up to her eating my pussy. "Mmm, hey baby, we are home?" I look around to see the rural mountain setting and wonder what we could possibly do here. "Baby, I thought the dare was done. You wore me out today."

"That's why we came to the mountains, babe. I always come here to calm me down," she says opening the passenger door and escorting me out. She strips off her clothes back to her bathing suit and runs into the lake that is next to her gorgeous time share. "C'mon, baby, the water is fine."

I throw off my sundress and run into my lover's arms, mounting her like a horse and kissing her. I feel the passion flow into me. This place got me horny because it was just me and Marissa. That's all I wanted today was just to be by ourselves, some us time. I strip off her top and begin to suck her luscious breasts. I gently nibble on her hard nipples and suck a mouthful of boob. She teases my pussy by rubbing her fingers on the outside of it.

I slide my hands into the water and pull off her bottoms. "You are very horny," she says with a very sexy smile. "This is what you really wanted." I shake my head and passionately kiss her. I let off of the kiss and she wipes my tears away. "Its ok, hun, I knew we needed some us time too."

I smile, saying: "Yeah, I needed this really badly. I like be stared at by others but love being stared at only by you." I lead her back to the beach and back to the house. We get back inside her house and go up to the third floor, where the outdoor bedroom is at. 

I think to myself, "I get to fuck her on a bed in the outside mountain air...this is so tantalizing." She pushes me down on the bed and spreads my legs behind her head. She begins to eat my very wet pussy. I pull her hair as the excitement quells up inside me and I cum instantly. I insist for her to continue eating my pussy. She scrapped her tongue into the walls of my pussy, like she was licking an ice cream, making sure the cream never dripped off the cone. 

I felt my pussy become hot again, the experiences of today, the atmosphere, my beautiful girlfriend; it all added to a renewal of my sex life. I cum for the fourth time and Marissa says, "Baby, you are cumming like crazy. I have never seen you like this." I put my beautiful girlfriend on the bed and grind my pussy into hers. Her excitement is felt as our wet pussies create a beautiful symphony of pussy play. She moans in sync with my moans, our pussies become one and we cum in pure ecstasy. "Mmm, that was good baby. Sex has never been that good for us. Maybe next time I can do the dare." 

"Go ahead baby. It will be plus for not just you but to our sexual relationship," I say placing my pussy in her mouth. We sixty nine into the sunset and we hug each other under the covers looking into the starlit night. She is rubbing her hands through my hair as I rub my hands down her back. Suddenly I say, "Baby lets go night swimming." I drag her out of bed by the hand, almost pulling her arm off and I pull her into the water. The water is freezing so I pull Marissa close for warmth. We embrace each other once again, passionately kiss and the moon is the only person watching as the dare has finally cum to an end.