"Any other ideas," Edi asked again.
Clara, the host of tomorrow's Halloween party, had come up with the theme 'out of context'. Edi was trying to get some suggestions from her since it was her crazy theme. She usually created her own costumes that got rave reviews but, it'd been a shit show of a year, and she had nothing yet.
"Nightmare Before Christmas is too obvious. I'll let you know what I can come up with. See you tomorrow."
It was bad enough to go costume shopping, but at least she didn't have to face the humiliation of the orange big box store by the mall. Clara recommended Onyx Costumes & Livery. She said they had a great selection and highly trained staff. Before walking in, Edi paused to admire the shop window. They'd created an amazing Stonehenge fantasy portal. The lintel's led to other worlds populated by gnomes, fairies, and dragons. When she walked in, the front racks had some Halloween staples like scary clowns and sexy nurses, but she knew they could do better than that based on the window display.
Considering the time of year, the clerk helpfully asked, "Looking for something in particular?"
Edi answered with a vague wave over the rack next to her which held a gorilla suit, "Not exactly, but something more unique than these."
"I saw you admiring the window in front. Try the purple room in the back. That's got all our most unique offerings."
"Thanks."
She found the purple room and saw these were distinctly better choices for her. Some fantasy creatures and aliens that weren't in movies. She wanted something new and unexpected. Clara's vague theme wasn't going to best her. She slowed her speeding through the racks to focus on one thing at a time.
"Here you are," she thought as she pulled out a hanger with a steampunk costume.
The costume had a boat neck white blouse with a dark grey skirt. It included enough leather to be interesting, suspenders and a belt, with a gun holster/sporran combination in dark brown. It would match the tall boots she already owned, and this evening she could try to simulate a steam or clockwork gadget. She checked the price tag, not cheap but fair.
She looked around for a mirror before she went to the effort to find the dressing room. Perfect, there was a full-length mirror at the end of the aisle. She pivoted the costume on its hanger to hold it up in front of her body to see how it looked. As soon as she saw herself in the mirror, a noticeable backward pressure made her shift her weight, and she blinked as she caught herself. Now she had the costume on. She gasped in surprise and definitely didn't expect a response.
"Well, does that mean you're all ready for me?"
The mirror showed a female centaur behind her own reflection. The centaur stepped forward, bringing her sizeable presence against Edi's back and wrapped her arms around her in a warm embrace. Edi felt totally disorientated. She wondered if Clara had set this up.
The centaur brought her hands up and slid Edi's suspenders off her shoulders. She popped Edi's nipples out of the top of her blouse and proceeded to squeeze and roll them around.
With her head turned back towards the centaur, she jumped a little when an elf stepped up and asked over her head, "Astrid, what did you find?"
Edi had some vague recollection that the next costume on the rack had been an elf. Had there been a centaur on the other side? This situation couldn't be real. How could costumes become sex partners? The centaur was very skilled with her hands, and Edi had to admit this costume provided all kinds of out of context opportunities.
"Aslof, I found this juicy nugget right next to me. Want a taste test?"
"Of course," said the elf apparently named Aslof, as he bent down and proceeded to lick Edi's nipples, even as the centaur continued to squeeze them.
Edi found this up close and personal contact without introductions patronizing, and not how she normally rolled.
"Woah there, Trigger. You two seem to know each other, but I seem to be late to the party. I'm Edi, and is this an invitation only party, or can anyone play?"
Aslof smiled at her. "Sorry about that. We do tend to get a bit hasty. It can get lonely in here. Is there room for a wee fairy in that skirt?"
"More the merrier," Edi replied, feeling satisfied after being acknowledged.
More than being recognized, it felt exhilarating to be doing something totally out of the ordinary. Life had sucked lately, and she needed some excitement.
Aslof had a long, curved elvish sword in a scabbard attached to his belt which he took off.
"Don't need all the swords," he said as he winked at her and reached under her skirt.
Astrid had not stopped her attentions during this exchange, and Edi now found the shop warm and herself wet. Aslof parted her lips and slipped two fingers inside her. He instantly went to work on her G spot with precision.
Edi thought, "Figures, elves are perfect at everything," before Aslof's expertise and Astrid's attentions made rational thought impossible.
Astrid continued to finger Edi's nipples like playing a forest instrument and then started nipping at Edi's ears, and neck, and shoulders.
Aslof had slid his other hand up her skirt while grabbing one butt cheek, which helped hold her up and forced his fingers insider her further. Now moans replaced Edi's witty banter. Abruptly, Aslof removed his fingers and shifted his hand to bend her knee up. He stepped in closer and slid his penis fully inside her. Now she was sandwiched between the two of them. Astrid held her up from behind and easily reached across to kiss Aslof across Edi's shoulder. As they kissed, Edi felt someone's finger penetrate her ass and she gasped. Astrid smiled and shifted her kisses back to Edi.
Edi's mouth was filled with a centaur tongue, which was longer and capable of more control than her own. She doubted her partners could hear her moans of pleasure, but she figured Astrid could feel the vibration of every groan and exclamation that accompanied each thrust inside her. She'd never been kissed this fully, or completely before, while Astrid played with her ass.
Being so pleasured and wound up by others, she didn't know what to do with her own hands. Edi didn't know if it was good etiquette to pet a centaur's fur, so instead, she kept one hand wrapped around the back of Astrid's head and wound her fingers through her curly auburn hair. She let Aslof nibble on the fingers of her other hand, and she vaguely wondered if this fit in with elves being vegan. Clearly, she needed to reexamine her assumptions about centaurs, elves, and magical creatures in general.
All this pawing would have been enough to make Edi tremble and finish on a normal day, but that took backstage to the perfection of getting fucked by an Elvish penis. Having hundreds of years to explore how to use that beauty had paid off since he didn't feel any longer or broader than anyone else Edi had been with. Just how he wielded his sword, was what made it deliciously wicked.
He'd started slow and not too deep, but he had such precision each thrust went ever so slightly farther inside her. While penetrating her as deep as he could with both of them standing, he picked up the tempo with perfect timing, until he reached just the right speed and depth for her. After several moments at the perfect pace, with an uncanny sense of her body, he'd back off slightly so she'd arc her body into both of them in need. He'd leave her there momentarily before picking up the pace again. He repeated this over and over until Edi was trembling in desire and pleasure.
Edi had lost all sense of time and place. Her entire awareness focused on the diversity and building intensity of feelings in her body. She came in one long rocking spasm of an orgasm that left her panting and trembling. Aslof and Astrid, rather than seeming annoyed by not finishing themselves or continuing on their own, looked smugly satisfied with the whole performance.
They let her go gently. She still leaned on Astrid slightly, waiting for her orgasm glow to fade so she could stand on her feet again. She slipped her shirt and suspenders back on to compose herself. She thought this costume probably surpassed her handmade creations, and couldn't wait to see what kind of fun she would have at Clara's.
"Thank you for your helping hands, and great customer service today. I think I'll take the costume."
Both of them laughed, and Astrid said, "I think it suits you."