Decisions, decisions... My father used to say, "you gotta make up your mind girl, ain't no use sittin' on fences." Meanwhile, my mom's advice was to "take your time when making important decisions, you don't want to regret it. These opposing ideas were making my life difficult. And right now I didn't need difficult. I needed easy. I needed simple. I really needed... an orgasm. But that's where it got difficult. You see, I didn't want to masturbate, again. That was becoming an all too common fall back response. I wanted a lover. I wanted a lover to make me orgasm.
There were several people on a shortlist of possible lovers and my difficulty was choosing who to pick and then hope they felt the same way. I hoped they would, but at this point, I really had no surety that any of them would want to have sex with me. And that's what it would be. Sex. Not truly making love, because there was no romantic involvement with any of them.
I guess I should back up. My name is Emmi, short for Emalina. And I'm not pretty. I have grown to accept it. I'm tall for a woman, standing almost six feet, and I don't possess a big chest or hourglass figure. I have an unruly mop of plain brown hair and I wear glasses over my plain brown eyes. No one has ever flirted with me since my Sophomore year of High School. In fact, I'd actually waited until I was twenty-one to lose my virginity and that was a solo affair. I mean I took my own virginity with a realistic dildo. It is embarrassing to admit but hell, I was desperate and there was no way I was going to fuck a stranger and take stupid risks. My Mom had fucked way too young, gotten pregnant, and married. Of course, after I was born, a divorce followed and I only saw my Dad on holidays and such. Mom and I were close but now I was away from home, on my own, and lonely.
I work in IT. I sit in a cubicle as an Internal Help Desk member for a big company. There are typically 18 to 24 on duty during the day, and about 12 overnight. Of that, only six of us are female, so there is seldom more than one woman on duty overnight. Right now that was me. I had plenty of downtime to think and when I clocked out at 8 am, I didn't head home, but to the gym. This was my routine three days a week and I managed to make it through my workout even though my attention was elsewhere.
I use a nice but smaller gym, they have no pool but all I really use are the bikes and treadmills. And I really liked the fact that my morning workout, from 8 to 9 was during a lull in attendance there so it was rarely crowded. This day was like the others, there were only five others working out plus the manager. Three were men using free weights and two were women on the treadmills. One of those was much older and soon finished her walk and left. I finally finished my routine and headed for the women's locker room. I didn't notice that the other woman followed me.
I opened my locker and started undressing. The other woman was a few lockers closer to the showers and also quickly stripped. She smiled at me.
"You've really made progress."
"Huh?"
"Your distances and times are much better than they were a few months ago. I've noticed."
"Oh. Uh, thanks."
"I've also noticed that you've lost a couple of pounds and your legs are really looking great! Not to mention that amazing ass! God, your man must be thrilled to have such a tall, sexy lover..."
"I... uh..." I blushed, "I don't have a boyfriend right now."
"What? No way!" she said seemingly shocked. She stood and faced me completely naked now. She was around 5'10" herself, lean and exceptionally well toned. Her legs looked strong and yet shapely. I immediately pegged her as a dancer or skater. Her breasts looked round and firm and her pussy clean and bare. I caught myself staring and blushed again.
"Well, that's a damn shame," she said and stepped closer. "A beautiful girl like you without a lover at her call..." she stopped a couple of feet away and leaned against the lockers.
I could see her short blond hair was actually a mix of red and grey, she was clearly older than I'd first thought but still vibrant and fit. I avoided eye contact but found myself admiring her body. Her breasts were probably a C-cup like mine and I could see the sweat glistening on her skin. Her abs were flat and I dropped my eyes inadvertently to that bare pussy as she placed one foot on the bench. I blushed and looked away.
"Oh? So that's how it is?" She said softly. "You like what you see but are afraid to look. Go ahead, I don't mind."
"I shouldn't..." I said but found myself looking her over again.
"I'm going to guess that you've never made love with another woman," she said and smiled.
I shook my head slightly.
"It can be very, very good..." she whispered as she leaned in closer.
I froze. Her lips brushed mine ever so delicately, then touched again, kissing me tenderly, seductively... I trembled.
"Join me," she whispered and, taking my hand, led me into a shower.
I don't know why I allowed this to happen, or why I followed her. I didn't disapprove of homosexuality. In fact, I knew a lesbian couple. But I had never actually considered it for myself. I had always wanted a male lover. I had wanted to feel him inside of me or, at least I had wanted what I thought it would be.
But now as she closed the shower door I was... nervous, yes, but excited too!
She adjusted the water and then kissed me again. This time I allowed myself to enjoy it. She was a really good kisser. Soon I was kissing her back and I felt our bodies pressing together as we embraced. It felt wonderful to hold someone, to feel their skin against mine, to run my hands up and down her back.
We continued like this for an unknown amount of time. I was lost in the moment and truly didn't want it to end. Luckily, she was patient and didn't push me too far too fast. I savored the feelings flooding me, her hands on my hips, her lips on my cheek and neck, her breasts pressing into mine. She slowly moved her right hand down my abdomen and at the same time slid her left down my back. She took a half step to the side and turned me. Her mouth was on my right shoulder above my breast. I glanced down and saw that my nipples were erect. Her left hand caressed my ass as her right reached my pelvis. I didn't groom or wax and she ran her fingers through my fuzzy fur. Breathing faster I closed my eyes and focused on the feeling of her touch and the water on my skin.
I raised my arms and ran my hands over my face, smothering a moan as her fingers massaged my pussy. I put my right hand on her back and pulled her closer as my left caressed her breast. Turning my head I gazed into her eyes and then stared at her mouth. Her lips were inches away and suddenly I wanted to kiss her more than anything. The kiss came slowly and gently and the first contact with her lips was electric. I sighed as we kissed and caressed. Her fingers parted my lips expertly and her middle finger slipped inside me with agonizing slowness. Part of me wanted to thrust down onto it, and part of me wanted it to last forever. She moved it in and out slightly and then deeper. A moan escaped me and she smiled.
She shifted her stance to kneel in front of me, pausing to kiss my breast as she did. I cupped them and began to knead them and tug on my surprisingly stiff nipples. God, I'd never had them react so before. The nipple play felt very erotic and pleasing and I moaned again.
My nameless lover now had her finger as deep into me as she could reach and began to curl it, stroking the front of my vagina in a "come here" motion. I trembled at this touch and my breathing was fast and ragged in the shower. She kept this up and slid her left hand around to my mound and used her thumb to run circles around my clitoris. My heart was pounding, I was trembling all over and leaned against the shower wall.
I had tried masturbation in the past but with little success. I was always nervous about it and it felt strange and awkward. But now, with this unknown woman touching me, penetrating me, arousing and pleasing me... It felt exciting! Thrilling and taboo as well. God, she was good! This was an unexpected and unknown level of pleasure and I didn't want it to end.
Then she kissed my fuzzy mound and began to tease my clit with her tongue. My knees threatened to buckle and I was gasping. I closed my eyes tightly. My pleasure rose higher and higher. I had no grasp of time, only existing in the moment which seemed both instant and eternal. Her lips sealed around my clit and she began to suck. Gently at first then harder. I began to feel the inner fire swelling up from deep in my pussy and flowing outward. It was both warm and tingling and swept throughout my body and I shook from the force of it. I gasped loudly several times, unable to control myself and bit my lower lip. Bright lights flashed behind my eyelids and every muscle went rigid for just an instant. Slowly everything faded and I relaxed.
My lover slipped her hand from my pussy and stood, supporting me. I laid my head on her shoulder and tried to regain my balance and control my breathing. I realized I was crying. She wrapped her arms around me and held me.
"It's okay, it's okay. Sshh, shh." she whispered. "You're alright."
I stood up and took a deep breath.
"T-That w-was in-incredible..." I stammered. "Oh my god, oh my god..."
"Wait... Was- was that your first orgasm?!"
"I-I guess so. I mean, I thought I'd orgasmed before but it was nothing like that!" I took a deep breath and smiled. "I felt that in my whole body, it was intense and warm and electric and...and... amazing!"
"And before?"
"Well it was just a good warm feeling in my...my..."
"Pussy?"
"Yeah."
"Say it, it's not dirty."
"Pussy." I said grinning.
We stared at each other for a minute then I tilted my head and kissed her again. We stood there kissing and holding each other for several minutes. Finally I released her and shook my head.
"I can't believe that just happened."
She simply smiled.
"I don't even know your name. I just let a stranger molest me and I loved it!"
She laughed and her eyes twinkled. "Ruth, Ruth Baxter," she said. "And you are?"
"Yours." I answered. "Yours anytime you want." I giggled. "Emalina Brown. My friends call me Emmi."
"Pleased to meet you Emmi."
"No, believe me, the pleasure was all mine!" I replied sincerely. "I still feel... elated."
"Good!" Ruth said and we stepped out of the shower.
Luckily there was only one other woman in the locker room and she was some distance away with her back turned. We stood in front of our lockers and toweled off. I sat on the bench and she came and sat next to me.
"Look," she said softly, "I don't want you thinking I'm a creep. I owe you some sort of explanation."
I was still intrigued by her and turned to face her, straddling the bench. Still naked I was brazenly baring myself to her. She smiled and responded with a duplicate move. I reached up and touched her breast, it felt nice, smooth, soft and warm. She smiled and touched mine. It was so nice to be touched by someone. Someone gentle and attractive. I realized I genuinely found her attractive. I liked looking at her, touching her.
"So..." Ruth said, "I've been coming here for a couple of years now. And I noticed you when you started. And like I said, I've watched you improve, change. You never paid any attention to anyone else, just put in your ear buds and focused on your workout. But, today... God, I have no idea why but, today I felt motivated to say something. I thought maybe a compliment would brighten your day. I was surprised that you were single and looking at you I was aroused. I found you, still find you...very, very attractive."
I blushed and bit my lower lip. "I was shocked at your casual nakedness, your brazen pose. Then I looked again and realized that you were sexy and it made me feel...excited," I said. "That's only happened once before."
The other woman stepped into the shower and on a whim I leaned forward and Ruth and I began kissing. She seemed willing to kiss me as much and for as long as I did. I felt my heartbeat quickening. I was still caressing her breast and had a sudden and unexplained desire to touch her womanhood. My left hand touched her thigh and slid to her hip, then across to her mound. I rolled my hand over and touched her pussy. It was daring and risky and oh so exciting.
Ruth broke the kiss and looked in my eyes. She stood and put one foot on the bench, giving me a better view. I stared in amazement at her bare pussy. Her labia reminded me of a flower, but more surprising was her large clitoris. Ruth's clit was huge compared to mine. It was pink and swollen and the tip exposed from beneath its hood. It was only slightly smaller than the tip of my pinky... and it mesmerized me. I glanced up and she smiled and nodded. I touched it and it twitched. I heard her whisper,
"Kiss it."
I leaned forward and gently kissed it and got a whiff of her scent. It wasn't unpleasant, as I'd expected and I felt my arousal growing. I wanted to go further but the other woman exited her shower.
Ruth turned and we began dressing. The door opened and two more ladies came in. We said nothing and I felt greatly disappointed. Ruth came over and handed me a business card. She stared into my eyes and I saw her bite her lip as I had done.
"Please?" she whispered.
The card indicated she worked as a private CPA/Accountant, and had an address and phone number.
More women were coming in and she left. I finished dressing and left a minute or two behind her.
I sat in my car and looked at the card. I took a deep breath and dialed the number. She answered immediately.
"Emmi?"
"Yes!"
"Listen, uhm... Do you want to come over? My address is on the card, it's just around the corner..."
"I'm on my way," I said.
"Good! See you in a minute."
I pulled into her driveway as she was unlocking the door. I followed her in and she led me straight to her bedroom. We quickly stripped and resumed kissing and caressing. I ended up on her bed with her on her knees over my face. I touched and explored her pussy as she talked.
"Ever since puberty struck, I knew I was different. My sisters were chubbier and grew dark pubic hair and their breasts were much bigger. I was blonde like Mom and what pubic hair I grew was more like peach fuzz. When I was eighteen, they were in their twenties, both were married, had a baby and were unhappy. I knew I didn't want that. Fortunately, I also felt no attraction to boys. I was more attracted to women. It was always women, not girls. I never looked at any girl my age sexually. It was older women who I found desirable. In fact all of my lovers have been older than me. That's why I found it surprising that you aroused me so..."
As she babbled I kissed her pussy and inhaled her scent. It was stronger now and intriguing, alluring. I parted her lips and gazed at her pink inner pussy. I found it exciting and was thrilled to see she glistened with moisture. She was aroused by me! I kissed her pussy again and tasted her wetness. She tasted sweet and the taboo of eating another woman made my heart pound. I licked her and she moaned. I knew nothing but dared to experiment. Ruth was kind, forgiving and she coached me on my technique. After a while she was soaking wet and her fluid was all over my face. My tongue was aching from lapping and I started sucking on her large clit.
Ruth gripped the headboard and groaned as I did. A minute later, with the tip of her clit between my lips, I flicked my tongue across it rapidly and she screamed.
"GAAAAHHHHH!!!! OHHHH FFFFUUCCKK!!!!!"
She trembled and I realized I was making her orgasm.
Me.
I gave her wet pussy another last lick and she collapsed on the bed next to me. We lay there facing each other and grinned. Then she kissed me. She wasn't put off by my wet face and I allowed her probing tongue to slip into my mouth. She rolled on top of me and I felt her breasts against mine. I caressed her back and squeezed her ass.
This was wonderful. I was relaxed and at ease with a lover and it didn't matter that it was a woman, that she was older, or that we hardly knew each other! It felt right. It felt thrilling and I wasn't ready to stop.
Ruth's hand squeezed my breast and then slid down to my pussy. As we kissed open mouthed, our tongues wrestling, her hand rubbed my pussy and then her finger entered me again. It went in easily and I realized I was quite wet. Surprisingly wet. I could feel it running down to my asshole. Ruth paid no attention and began fingering me and soon my hips were rocking. Soon she was stroking that spot in my vagina and I knew I was going to orgasm. The warmth began to grow as I moaned. Ruth's mouth moved down to my throat and then to my breast. She sucked my breast and her tongue flicked my nipple as she fingered me faster and faster.
My hips were bucking and the feeling filled every fiber of my being as she raised her head and spoke dirtily to me,
"Cum for me, cum for me. I know you're close.! Cum for me! Cum on my hand! Let me hear you! Scream for me! Tell me you're cumming!"
The wave exploded and I heard my own voice shouting,
"I'M CUMMING! GAH! I'M CUMMING!"
The orgasm was more intense than before and even my hair tingled. I gasped for air as the wave rebounded and flowed through me several times. Finally I felt my muscles relax and the white noise in my ears subsided. My chest was heaving and my heart slowed it's pounding.
Although Ruth was no longer fingering me I felt her hand gently massaging my pussy. Shocked, I realized the bedding below me was soaking wet! Had I pissed myself?
As if reading my mind, Ruth raised her hand. Her fingers were wet, but it was thick. She smiled.
"I've never had a lover gush like you just did. My god, this is exciting!"
"I... gushed?"
"Yes. All that fluid, that lube your body produced, it gushed out when you came."
Smiling at me, Ruth brought her wet hand to her face and inhaled deeply. She sighed.
"So nice... my god I love the smell of a woman's cum."
"My cum?"
She shrugged. "Meh, there isn't an accurate word for it so that must do."
She smiled and sucked her finger clean.
"You taste nice. So sweet and clean."
She massaged my pussy some more and once again sucked her fingers.
To me this was a taboo. And to watch her breaking yet another taboo was thrilling.
Ruth took my hand and I allowed her to stroke my pussy with it. She parted my lips and guided my middle two fingers in. I gasped. I was wet and gooey and it felt thrilling. She lifted my hand and guided it to my mouth. I opened it and tasted myself for the first time. Another taboo shattered. Ruth smiled and as I sucked on my fingers she lowered her head and began to lick me. I grasped my breasts and squeezed them then began tugging and pinching my nipples. I raised my head a little and looked down. Ruth's eyes were staring into mine and it was electric. I loved watching her eat me. I thoroughly enjoyed it and she kept me aroused and tingly for ages. I wondered if she was going to make me cum again.
But Ruth sat up and laughed.
"Oh god this is fun!" She teased my breast and squeezed it. "I tink my tongue is gwetting a cwamp." I laughed.
Ruth reached over and opened her nightstand. She sat back and showed me a short double-ended dildo. Now I had seen one before at the adult store where I had bought my much smaller dildo. But that one had been huge, a couple of feet long and bright red. This one was a natural color and only a foot long or so.
She held it up and grinned.
"You game?"
"Why not?" I shrugged.
She squirted some lube on both ends and got into a scissors position with me, directing the placement of my legs. She inserted the dildo first into me. I gasped as it filled me. She stroked it in and out a few times then worked the other end into her pussy and scooted close. Finally the dildo was deep inside us and our pussies were actually rubbing together.  
I held her leg as she held mine and we began to rock our hips and grind. It was immense fun and felt wild. We played like this for a long time. I didn't come close to an orgasm but it was fun and enjoyable nonetheless.
Afterwards we lay together and talked.
"Emmi," Ruth said, "You're having fun, but I can tell this is all new to you. I'm surprised... and curious. What's your story?"
I sighed. "Well, you said you've seen me coming into the gym, do you remember what I looked like when I started? Well I felt unattractive. I've always felt that way. I didn't date because no one asked me out. Hell, I can't believe I'm telling you but, I used a little dildo to take my own virginity last year. I masturbate with it about once or twice a month. I usually have little orgasms, nothing much and didn't realize I could have a more intense climax. I am only twenty-two so I figured I'd find a guy sooner or later... I didn't think about another woman. I've never given it any thought until today."
Ruth sat up and smiled as her hands gently caressed my body.
"I was in a long-term relationship with a great woman. Over ten years." she said and sniffed. I could see her fighting the tears.
"I lost her two years ago. Cancer of course. Well I grieved for a year and then decided to move on. But I moved on alone and adjusted to it. I did have a few one night stands with other women... But no one excited me. Today I thought just to compliment you, then to tease you. Then, I found I wanted you."
"When?" I asked.
"When our lips met." she answered. "That kiss felt... pleasing. I could tell you were an ingenue and it excited me."
I sat up and kissed her.
"It excites me too."
Ruth smiled. "Well what next? More orgasms, more exploration, snuggling and kissing, or shall we get something to eat?"
I grinned impishly. "Decisions, decisions..."