Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 2 Michelles Story Chapter 63

By Redlegtiger
Edited by GuiltyKarma
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
guiltykarma_420@hotmail.com


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.

Join the conversation at http://groups.google.com/group/redlegtigers-tigers-den or at http://www.rppstories.com/forum/index.php?board=25.0 which is the URL for the Redlegtigers Lair where you can comment on all of my stories as well as many fantasies and stories of fans.  We would love for you to drop in and comment, leave pictures or even post a story or fantasy yourself.  

Redlegtigers Tigers Den Chat:  Every Wednesday evening from 7 pm to 11 pm Central U.S. time, I will be conducting a live group chat.  Come and join the conversation.  Just about all topics are discussed.  Meet some of the real life people that have inspired characters in the story.  The chat is on Windows Live Messenger(Formerly MSN messenger).  Just use redlegtiger@hotmail.com or guiltykarma_420@hotmail.com to IM me or guilty and join the conversation.

Chapter 63, Pony Girl Training

Sarah, Aminda and Michelle came into the kitchen and made themselves a quick lunch.  They sat and talked with Tina.  They learned that Tina had two daughters age seventeen and fourteen.  Aminda asked, They sound wonderful.  We would love to meet them some time.  Please tell us their names.

Tina answered, Well the youngest ones name is Kelly.  She is a bright girl and is a cheerleader for her junior high school.  She gets straight As and is absolutely the funniest of the two girls.  She can keep you in stitches for hours telling funny stories.  Now the seventeen year old is Rhonda.  She used to be very outgoing and a good student too.  But during the last school year she started acting out and became very withdrawn.  She wont tell me whats wrong either which isnt like her.  She always shared everything with me before.

All three girls could tell that Tina was concerned for her oldest daughter.  Aminda and Michelle looked at Sarah with hopeful eyes and Aminda said, Maybe you could bring your girls out here some time.  We could go horse back riding and go swimming at the waterfall.  We promise not to do anything that would expose them to anything you wouldnt want them to be exposed to.  Rhonda might open up to someone that is closer to her age.  Because we are close to her age she might give us an idea of what is going on with her.

Aminda was looking at Sarah the whole time she was making the suggestion to Tina.  Sarah nodded her approval and the three girls focused their attention on Tina who was considering the offer.  She answered, Ill have to think about that.  I havent quite gotten used to things around here.  Ill have to be honest with you.  The things that you guys do here is way beyond acceptable to normal people.  Most would have left already and Geri is almost to that point.  Ive convinced her to stay for now, but shell need some time to get use to things.  I think I understand why you guys are the way you are but it is still something that takes a bit of getting use to.  Let Geri and I have a bit of time to adjust and then Ill consider it.  Thanks for the suggestion though.  Im not turning you down.  Im just asking you to wait until I can make a better decision.

Sarah said, Good enough.  Were ready whenever you are.  Just let us know so we can plan for them to be here.

If and when I make that decision, I will let you know.  Now if you guys are done with lunch, Ill just give Sarah a quick check up before you guys do anything else.  Why dont you two give us about ten minutes or so and then you can give her, her therapy.

For the next hour, Sarah was checked out and did her therapy.  The therapy was done in her room and when they were done, the three of them climbed up on Sarahs bed and Michelle continued to tell the story of their time at the Baybee Pony Girl Ranch.  



I told you before about our schedule of a typical day.  After classes started, our time training went down drastically.  It took time to get out to the training arena and back so after the second week they started building something in the center of the area just outside of our stall doors.  It didnt take them long to finish putting it up.  When it was done we soon found out what it was for.  

The morning after the item was installed our trainers came in and woke us up at the normal time.  We did everything we normally would in a morning to get ready for the day.  When it was time for training though, the trainers handed us a couple of nipple clamps and told us to put them on.  These clamps were just like the ones we had been wearing before but they also had a little electrical connecter on them.  I screwed mine down like I normally did the other ones.  After we had them on, we were led to the contraption they had built.  

The thing they had built was the strangest looking thing to us.  But the first time I saw it I knew that we werent going to like it.  It had a center pole that was about eight inches in diameter.  It looked like a big screw and went from the floor to about ten feet above us.  You could see the electrical wires that brought power to it come down from the ceiling there.  At about hip height were two L shaped arms that extended out from a sleeve that went around the center screw.  The sleeve had a control panel on it that the trainers could use to insert commands.  At the end of each of the L shaped arms was a connection that dildos could be screwed to.  At about head height was another pair of arms that had an L shaped rod hanging down that a dildo could also be screwed to.  Coming out of the left side of the arm was a long T shaped rod.  There was a pulley at each end of the T and a small cable came out of each one.  

We were each led up to one of the arms.  They had large twelve inch dildos on them that were about two inches wide.  We were made to stand on our tiptoes and then insert the dildos into our cunts.  Once we did that the trainer led us on a leash around the pole.  As we walked around the arm holding the dildo raised up.  We stopped as soon as the dildo was firmly inserted to the base in our cunts.  Then the top bar was lowered down and the dildo inserted into our mouths.  The dildo was only six inches and didnt block our airway.  We did have to breathe through our noses though.  Finally the cables hanging off of the end of the T arm behind us were pulled and attached to the nipple clamps and a thin wire connected to the electrical connection.  Our arms were finally cuffed behind our backs hand to elbow. This whole process took less than a couple of minutes.

Fyre had joined us just as they were finishing.  When our trainers had both stepped away from us she said, This is where you will do your morning and noon time training.  Your afternoon training will still be at the track.  When we start the trainer, you will be expected to pony step at the appropriate speed.  If you go too slow, the dildos will begin to rise until you are supported by the dildos in your cunts.  If you go the right speed they will stay where they are.  If you go too fast they will begin to lower.  If the lower arms go down, so do the upper ones.  This will cause you to have to stoop over.  As you can imagine, you could become very uncomfortable real soon.  The trainers will whip you if you dont pony step correctly at any time.  You are also going to be trained to respond to reins instinctively.  You will feel your left and right nipples being pulled alternately.  You will turn in the direction it pulls each time.  If you dont turn correctly, you will be automatically shocked.  The result is that you will be pony stepping around the trainer constantly weaving left and right.  Each week we will increase the speed on the trainer until you are at an almost full run.  Even when you are running, you will be punished if you dont pony step correctly.  

Fyre pressed the control and the trainer started to turn.  It gradually built up speed as we pony stepped around the pole.  We had made it around the pole two times when I felt the first tug on my left tit.  I didnt respond fast enough turning left and got shocked.  I screamed out in pain but didnt stop stepping.  No sooner had I turned left than I felt my right tit being pulled.  I turned right but did it too quickly this time and got shocked.  I heard Aminda scream the same time I did as well.  As soon as I had turned it pulled on the left again and this time I managed to do it without getting shocked.  We were obviously not going fast enough because the dildos in our cunts were beginning to go up.  I concentrated on speeding up a bit as I turned to the left and right as directed by the reins.  It was obvious that Aminda was getting used to the machine as well.  It took us about twenty minutes before we began to weaken from exhaustion.  

It was a little over thirty minutes into the training that I felt my right nipple clamp begin to work loose.  It didnt take but a couple of minutes for the clamp to be pulled off by the incessant tugging of the reins.  When it did, all hell broke loose.  The trainers stopped the machine trainer and proceeded to whip us.  We both were whipped on our back and on our front and tits for the remaining eighteen minutes of the training period.  We were both screaming around the dildo in our throats from the whipping.  It sure made it so that we didnt want to have the clamps come off again.

When the noon training session was over, we were disconnected from the device and led back into our stalls crying.  We would have to sit at the desk and listen to the class.  It was very painful to sit on that hard desk after being whipped for just shy of twenty minutes but it was something we had become used to at Clearview.  We took notes as the tears of pain gradually quit falling and dripping onto our notes.  

This became our normal school day.  Get up and clean out the stall.  Go out to the paddock to relieve ourselves.  Return back to the stall and make our horse cum and deliver the cum to the collection station.  Put on our nipple clamps and then go out to the trainer.  We would train for an hour and then return to our stall for classes.  At noon we would spend another hour on the trainer.  Then back to classes until three.  At three we would be put into our pony gear and led out to the training track.  There we would train until dinner time at seven in the evening.  We would be washed down and led back to our stall to eat dinner.  From eight to nine we would be trained in dressage.  From nine to ten we would be made to study.  

Sometimes we had to study longer but the training never varied.  The speed of the machine we trained on gradually increased until we were running for almost the full hour.  We would begin at a walk and rapidly work up to a run and then for the last ten minutes it would slow down gradually until we were walking again.  This allowed us to catch our breath before we were taken off.

The afternoon training consisted of us initially just running with an empty sulky being pulled behind us.  We trained pulling sulkies designed for a single pony girl.  We started out running a mile.  Each week the distance was increased by a quarter of a mile and a twenty five pound weight was added.  By the end of the semester in December we were pulling over 300 pounds and running for four miles each evening.  

In mid December they took the weights off and the trainers mounted the sulky and we were trained with them pulling on the reins and guiding us.  By then we were both pony stepping by instinct.  We had been trained for so long that it was normal for us.  For a couple of weeks we were trained in the 400 meter race, the 800 meter race and the 1500 meter race.  Pulling the trainers was much easier than pulling the 300 pounds of dead weight.  But that didnt last long.  After a week of pulling just the trainers they began adding weight again in 50 pound intervals.

During the three weeks of winter break from classes at Clearview we were trained in long distances.  We started at five kilometers and then ten kilometers.  Any time we began to slow down too much the trainers would whip us.  Every day we would run either one or the other of the distances.  Just before the beginning of classes for the spring semester, we were told that we were going to have a race.  This wasnt an official competition but something the trainers did.  They took bets with each other as to who would win or not.  The poor slaves that lost would find their training to be that much more painful.

Our trainers took us to the starting line where we joined eight other pony girls.  We were all pulling sulkies with our trainers on them.  All of the trainers were men so the weight variation was only about twenty pounds from smallest to largest.  When the gun went off we ran as hard as we could.  At first one of the others was in the lead but Aminda and I were right behind her.  The girl in the lead began to fade on the last turn and both Aminda and I had plenty of kick left.  All of the training at Clearview was helping us now.  We had started out in better shape than the others and had steadily improved during the semester of training.  Aminda came in first of course.  She is my mistress so I never tried to beat her but I wouldnt let anyone else catch up to us.  So it was Aminda in first place and I in second.

We waited about an hour and then we were lined up again.  This time we ran the 800 meter race.  Aminda came in first again and I had to really work to keep another pony girl from coming up and passing us.  She had a terribly fast kick at the end.  It was a close finish with Aminda being first, me second and then the other girl a close third.  This was repeated for the mile race as well only it was another girl.  Aminda won all three races.  I think my trainer finally figured out that I would always come in second to Aminda because after the third race he came up to me after the third race than the other two.  He apparently bet on Aminda in first and me second and had won a sizeable amount.  He told me that he understood about letting my mistress always win. 

At the beginning of the spring term we started training for tandem racing.  We started training with a sulky designed for two pony girls to pull.  We started training with a dead weight of 300 pounds and one of the trainers riding.  Fifty pounds was added with each week of training for six weeks.  We were trained in the 400 meter, 800 meter and 15OO meter race with the sulky.  It was pretty rough going for the first few weeks.  Our form was perfect but we just didnt have any speed.  We were whipped constantly by the trainers if we didnt go fast enough.  After the weight had been increased to 600 pounds plus the trainer they stopped adding weight.  We actually began to pick up speed in our pace then.  When we ran we had to run as fast as we could and if that wasnt fast enough we were whipped on our backs and if they were really pissed at us they would aim the whip so it would come around and hit our clamped tits.  By the end of the tenth week we were going at a pretty fast pace.  We were developing some pretty serious running muscles. 

After week twelve which was the first week in April, we began our long distance training.  We were made to pull the sulky for five kilometers for a week, ten for a week and then twenty for a week.  For the final week of training they finally took all of the weights off.  Then we ran the 400 meter, 800 meter, 1500 meter, 5 kilometer and the 10 kilometer distances.  We were timed for each one.  They didnt tell us the times but by the smiles on their faces we must have done pretty well on all of them.  On Monday when we did the 400 meters it was just our trainers.  On Tuesday when we did the 800 meters it was all of the trainers.  On Wednesday, all of the trainers and trained pony girls were watching with Fyre lecturing the other pony girls and pointing to us.  On Thursday for the 5 kilometer run it was all of them and Mistress Baybee.  She went away with a big grin on her face.  The next day, the entire school and all of the staff were lined up around the field watching us.  All Aminda and I tried to do was run as fast and as perfectly as we could.

It turned out that we were setting all sorts of school records.  While we were running, when most other people would be getting tired and slowing down to try and conserve their strength our connection with each other would allow us to keep going a bit longer.  We would begin to tire but at a slower pace than the others.  When I could feel Aminda start to tire, I would flood my thoughts with love for her.  She would seem to pick up enough strength to keep going.  When I was weakening, she would do the same.  That is what helped us to run faster and longer than anyone else and break the records.  Of course we werent told at the time that was what we were doing.  We just accepted that the crowd watching us was typical for any pony girls being trained.  

The day we ran the Ten Kilometer run with the tandem sulky was our last day of training.  The next week was a scheduled competition.  Mistress Baybee came to our stalls that night right after dinner to watch our Dressage training.  By the end of the training, she was happier than I had ever seen her.  When we were done she told us, You two are quite the pair of pony girls.  You are going to put on quite the show at the competition next week.  We will have a surprise for you after the competition as well if you win.  I just know you will enjoy it.  I wish your masters would sell you to me.  I can assure you that you are two of the best Ive had come through training.  I am going to hate having to send you home.

That was the first mention of going home.  I got really sad and could feel Aminda getting sad as well.  Even though the training was hard, there was a purpose behind it.  We both actually felt happier at the ranch than at home.  Mistress Baybee turned and left while the trainers took us into our stalls.  The harness maker was there and he checked our measurements to see if there were any adjustments necessary for our dress harnesses and our racing harnesses that we hadnt worn since that first time.  When he was done he told them that no adjustments were necessary.  After that we were allowed to go into our stalls and relax.  



About that time, Nancy called up to the girls and told them that dinner was ready.  Aminda and Michelle helped Sarah down the stairs and into the dining room for dinner.   They had a wonderful dinner together.  It was after dinner when they got a call from Karen.  She talked for a few minutes with both Tom and Nancy to catch up on everything to include Sarahs Progress.  Then she asked to talk to Michelle.

Michelle quickly got on the phone and said Hi mom.  When are you going to be able to come home?

Karen answered, Soon baby, soon.  Brittany is healing quicker than they expected.  It seems that there wasnt as much damage as they had originally thought.  It will probably be another two or three weeks.  Thanks for calling me mom by the way.

Michelle answered, As long as you join Aminda and Me in submitting to Mistress Sarah, I will always call you mom.  You still are going to arent you?

Karen paused for a few moments as if an internal conflict still continued within her but she answered, I promised I would and I always keep my promises.  I love you honey.

Michelle smiled as she told her, I love you to.

Karen asked how she was adjusting to life with the Warrens.  Michelle told her everything except about finding the cave.  That was just for the bitchpups.  They were just winding up their conversation when there was someone in the background asking if she could talk to Michelle.  There was a quick pause on the phone and then Karen came back on and said, I have someone here that wants to talk to you.  You might want to get Aminda because Im sure shell want to talk to her too.

Michelle put her hand over the phone and yelled, Aminda its Angie on the phone.  She wants to talk to us.

Aminda came running into the kitchen from the dining room.  She sat on a chair by the phone.  Michelle reached over and pushed the button to put it on speaker phone.  Just as she put the speaker on Angie came on and said in a weak voice, Hi Michelle?  Is that really you?

Michelle answered, Its really me and Aminda too.  How are you feeling?

Angie answered, Weak but great now that I hear your voice.  I thought I would never see you guys again.  I prayed constantly for the chance to be with you guys again.

Michelle said, Im sorry we didnt think about you earlier.  We were telling our new mistress all about our life and when we told her about you I realized that we hadnt heard anything about you.  Then I remembered you telling us about that room under the church and asked Karen to find you.  She said they found you just in time.  We love you Angie.  You can come be with us if you want.

Angie said, You said you had a mistress.  I thought they freed us from our mistresses and masters.

Aminda answered, You will find that after you get away from it that you will crave it.  We found a girl that is a couple of years younger than us that we came to love and we submitted to her.  She was shot by a hunt team searching for us and was almost killed.  We are using our submission to her to help motivate her to get better sooner.  Of course you know that I am Michelles mistress.

Angie said, Thats different then.  I cant believe Im talking to you guys.  This is so great.  I promise you that I will come live with you guys.  I couldnt live with mom and dad any more.  They wouldnt understand.

Michelle broke in and said, Thats why we told Karen to invite you to live with us.  We understand.  What happened to you?  Can you tell us what the reverend did to you?

Angie paused for a moment and said, Well its a long story but Ill tell you as long as the phone holds out.



The day of the first raid where Karen told me she noticed Michelle on the TV, the reverend had a little party with me as the entertainment.  It was horrible.  He had invited all of the organization boys to the church under guise of a church function.  He made me kneel naked on the altar in the sanctuary.  There were over 100 boys that came in and were seated in the sanctuary.

The reverend stepped up to the podium and welcomed the boys.  He announced, Tonight we are celebrating the making of the church slut.  You boys will have the privilege of using little missy priss as time goes on.  We will train you how to be a Dom and make a slave submit.  Many of you will get a chance to go to Clearview to continue your training.  For those of you that dont go to Clearview, you will learn here.  Tonight I invited you to enjoy the church slut before your training begins.  First she will put this tit press on and screw it down extremely tight.

The reverend walked up to me and handed me the tit press.  It was two long, two inch wide by one inch thick boards that were long enough to cover both my tits.  As the obedient slave I put the tit press so that one board was above and one below my tits.  I then began to turn the screws and tightening the press.  I had to keep adjusting the press so that the boards were as far back on my tits as possible.  It was soon getting hard to turn them and they began to cause me some pain.   I turned them a couple of more times around, screaming in agony with each turn.  The boys began laughing and cheering at my pain.  I quit after that but the reverend wouldnt let me stop.  He made me keep turning the tit press again and again.  I screamed from the pain each time and got more cheers.  Finally the reverend announced that it was enough.  I knelt there on the altar with my tits pressed and the ends bulging out and turning blue.  I was whimpering in pain.

When I was done with the tit press, the reverend stepped back up to the podium and announced, Now that the slut is properly prepared, each of you will get a chance to step up and get a blow job from her.  You will do so in the order of the name badge that you picked up when you got here.  When you cum, little missy priss will put a thumb tack in her left tit.  She will do that for each and every one of you.  If she doesnt, then slap her until she complies.  So if the boy with number one would step up and take his turn, lets begin.

A boy got up from the pews and came up to the altar.  He commanded me to lie down on my back so I did.  He pressed his cock up to my lips and I opened my mouth like the dutiful slave I was.  He proceeded to fuck my throat for the next couple of minutes.  He was about my age so he had a hair trigger and came.  He handed me a pin and told me to push it in my tit.  I dutifully complied and screamed while doing so.  The sanctuary erupted in cheers from my pain.  

No sooner had I quit screaming and opened my eyes than another boy was standing there to take his turn.  He soon came and made me push a pin in my tits.  This continued on for the next couple of hours until I had sucked every boy there plus the reverend.  He didnt make me push a pin in though.  He was the last to go and he slapped my pin filled tit over and over causing me to scream around his cock fucking my throat.  By the time he came my tit was a pain filled bloody mess.  Blood was trickling down the side of my tit and on down to stain the white satin cloth covering the altar.  Im sure I looked like a sacrificial lamb.  Im also quite sure that it was what he had in mind.  When the reverend came, he put his hand on my pin filled tit and squeezed hard.  I screamed so hard and long that I almost passed out from not taking a breath.  I also knew that he wasnt done with me.  My stomach felt bloated from all of the cum I had been forced to drink.

After he came the reverend stepped back and put his cock back in his pants and zipped up.  He attached a wire with an alligator clip on the end onto my nipple.  He went back to the podium and pushed a button.  I felt an extremely painful shock course through my tit.  It seemed to find every single pin and radiate more pain through every pin prick.  I screamed in agony until I passed out.  

I woke up to the smell of ammonia being passed right under my nose.  When I was awake the reverend turned and walked back to the podium.  He announced, Now that little missy priss is back with us.  You have all had a chance to take the edge off, the next part of our program tonight will be to give little missy priss the fucking of her life.  We will again go in the same order as before.  As before, for each fuck, she will be forced to push a pin into her right tit like she did to her left.

The first boy came up and ordered me to scoot my ass to the edge of the altar.  I immediately complied as I had been trained.  He then ordered me to grab my legs by the knees and hold them.  After I did he pushed his hard cock into my cunt.  He began to fuck me as hard and quick as he could.  He reached up and squeezed my tits as he did.  Of course that just pushed the pins in more and drew more blood from my left tit.  I screamed in pain wondering how I was going to be able to stand being fucked by 100 boys while they squeezed my pin filled tit.  Again he didnt last long.  Even after having cum before he only lasted a couple of minutes.  He was soon forcing his cock into me as hard as he could in an unsteady rhythm.  He forced it in to the hilt and screamed out his ecstasy as he squeezed my tits harder than ever before.  I screamed in pain to counterpoint his scream.  I soon felt his warm cum filling me up.  It excited me somehow and I came close to cumming myself.  Ill never understand how that mix of pain and pleasure always makes me want to cum.  

After the boy was done he pulled out and handed me the pin.  I dutifully pushed it into my right tit next to the board of the tit press.  That tit was already aching from the press.  The added insult of pushing the pin in was almost as bad as the electric shock.  I screamed out in pain bringing cheers and applause.  I thought back to what you guys went through at the maze.  I knew that what I was doing was no where near that bad.  It gave me the strength to go on.  I knew if you could survive that, I could do this.  

I was panting and whimpering from the pain when I became aware that my cunt was being flooded again with cum.  Somehow I had spaced out enough that I couldnt even tell that I was being fucked.  He handed me his pin and I pushed it into my tit and gave the boys more of the screams they were so excited to hear.  I hadnt even finished screaming when the next boy had stepped up and pushed his cock into me.  He fucked me and fucked me for what seemed forever.  He also grabbed my tits and squeezed them.  The pain rushing through my pin filled tit seemed to surge straight to my pussy and I came hard.  I screamed again but with a mix of pain and pleasure this time.  

I was just cumming down from my cum when I felt the boy cum in me.  He handed me his pin and I pushed it into my right tit, whimpering as I did.  Just then another boy stepped up.  Thats the way it went for the next several hours.  I would be fucked unmercifully by a boy until he came and then have to push a pin into my tit when he was done.  About every third or fourth boy, I would cum from the abuse.  The good thing for my poor cunt was that the boys didnt last long.  But after taking over thirty of them, I started feeling severe pain with every thrust into my sorely abused pussy.  But that didnt stop them from fucking me.  

By the time every boy had taken his turn, my pussy was so sore that it had actually started bleeding a little.  I was to the point of screaming in pain with every thrust and withdrawal as I was fucked by the last fifteen or twenty boys.  Now that the last one had cum, it was the reverends turn.  He of course didnt have the problem of lasting.  He joyously took his turn and pushed his large cock into my bloody hole.  He took great pleasure in grabbing both of my pin filled tits with his hands.  I screamed and screamed in pain the whole time.

The problem with the reverend is that not only did he know how to inflict great pain but he also knew how to combine it with intense pleasure.  When he was getting close to cumming he continued squeezing my tit with one hand but he reached down and pinched my clit as hard as he could.  That caused me to cum hard.  He kept pinching like that until he came.  I screamed again with a mix of pain and pleasure and passed out.

I woke up a second time to the smell of ammonia.  After I did, the reverend gave my tits one last squeeze and then attached another wire to my right nipple.  Again when he went up to the podium he pushed a button.  This time both tits felt like they were on fire as the voltage went from my nipple to every pin in both tits.  I was beginning to wonder if the reverend was trying to kill me.  

In my delirium I called out for both you guys.  I had been thinking about how strong you three were in the maze and using that to keep me going.  When the shock happened I instinctively called for you to come help me.  Of course you couldnt help because you werent there.  I know from Karen that you were going through your own personal hell at home at the hands of your mistresses and masters.  But to me just the thought of you surviving the maze was enough to give me the strength to go on.  It was Just as if you were there with me.

I passed out from the electrical shock after a long hard scream and cum.  I woke to the smell of ammonia again.  God only knows how I hated that smell.  After I was awake, whimpering and moaning constantly in pain now, the reverend stepped up to the podium.  He announced, We have but one more task for the evening.  If you are up for a third fuck, stay here.  But if you are done for the night, go ahead and leave if you want.  I know it is after midnight and some of you arent used to it.

He paused for a few minutes but only a few left the church.  I think it was less than twenty.  When at last he continued after those boys left he said, The final event for the night will be a good fucking of little missy prisss ass.  This time after you fuck her just stick the pin into her in any area you feel like that is available to you.  She will remain in the same position as she did when you fucked her cunt so yes it is available as well.  After this you will all be given a schedule for you to come and spend a little time with our little fuck slave.  She will willingly comply with anything you ask of her.  Now let the fun begin in the same order as before.

The first boy stepped up and fucked my ass.  He lasted a lot longer this time.  They didnt use any lubricant other than the cum that was seeping out of my overfull cunt.  After all of the training with the dildos and the constant fucking at school though, it was just another fucking.  He didnt squeeze my tits this time.  He fucked and fucked for minutes on end.  I knew I was going to be in for a hard time this time.  Even with some of them having left there were over seventy of them to fuck my ass.  My cunt was so sore, and it lubricated itself.  My ass didnt have the same ability.  It would have to rely on any lubrication that leaked down.  I guess that when they started cumming that would help a bit but I knew it would bleed worse than my cunt did before it was all over.  

When the boy finally came, he screamed out in glorious ecstasy and at that moment pushed the pin straight into my clit.  I screamed in horrendous pain and then I started cumming.  I came so hard that my body convulsed in spasm after spasm.  Every muscle in my body was shaking and contracting so much that I almost fell off of the altar.  I hadnt even stopped shaking before the next boy began to fuck my ass.  When he was done he pushed his pin next to the one the first boy had stuck in my clit.  

That is the way it went for the rest of the early morning.  I was fucked in the ass over and over again.  My cunt lips were full of pins and when there was no room left to push pins there they started pushing them in around my ass hole.  That way whenever one of them fucked me, the pins were driven into me deeper and deeper.  I had lost my voice from screaming much earlier in the ass fucking but I screamed in my small whispery voice from the battering my ass was taking.  I went into a delirium then.  I dont know how much longer it took but I suddenly realized there was a pause.

I was forced out of my delirium by that cursed ammonia smell again.  I wish they would have just left me the way I was.  But the reverend leaned over and looked into my eyes and said, Only one more fuck to go.  He stuck his cock into my ass and began pounding me.  Oh how it hurt.  He took great pleasure in pounding into me as hard as he could, forcing the pins to really cause damage.  He squeezed my pin filled tits but every third or fourth thrust he would pull back his hand and slap it down hard on my pin filled clit and cunt.  If I would have had a voice left, I would have screamed bloody murder.  Nothing came out though.  I was just too hoarse.  

Finally the Reverend began cumming in my bloody cunt.  When he did he reached down with his right hand and squeezed my pin filled cunt as hard as he could.  I blacked out from the pain.  I was soon waking up to the ammonia smell again.  The reverend woke me up just so he could show me the wire with the alligator clip on it.  He pulled the pin in my clit part of the way out.  Then he attached the alligator clip to that.  The next thing I know Im screaming in pain and pleasure and every other feeling that you can feel as electricity coursed through my tits, clit, cunt and ass.  I blacked out in the pain and pleasure of it all.  

I dont know how much later it was that I woke up.  I was back in the little apartment that the reverend kept me in.  I still had pins in my cunt and tits.  I quickly started to pull them out.  Then I took off the tit press.  I screamed in silent agony as the blood flowed back to my compressed tits.  I was crying and sobbing hard as the normal circulation returned to my tits.  Blood flowed from all of the pin pricks for a long time.  When I was done getting them all out I ran a tub full of hot water and slipped into it.  I soaked for over an hour, letting the physical and emotional pain go.  I was a slave.  I was just used for what a slave is to be used for.  That is all that I could do.  

I dosed off for a few minutes and decided to get out before I fell asleep and drowned.  Though that was tempting, I feared they would do something to my parents if I did.  I got out, dried off and went back to the bed I had woken up in.  I removed the bloody sheets and just lay down on the dirty old mattress.  I was too tired to get a clean set.  

That was the last time I ever saw the reverend.  I usually saw him at least once a day or every other day at least.  I was eating my slave gruel meals like I normally did.  There was fresh food in the refrigerator that I would fix meals for the reverend.  I figured out on the following Wednesday night that something had happened because he usually came to me on a daily basis.  I didnt know why but when the choir didnt sing that night, I knew something was up.  I waited until the weekend before I did anything though.  

On Saturday I decided that no one was coming back for me.  I started screaming and yelling for someone to hear me and let me out but no one came.  I quit eating the slave gruel and began to fix the food that the reverend had left.  I portioned it up so that I only ate enough to keep me alive.  I hoped and prayed for rescue but after a couple of weeks the reverends food ran out and all I had was a big bag of slave gruel.  That was normally only a couple of weeks worth when it was full and it was just over half full at the time.  I ate it in portions that were about a quarter of the size that they fed me.  

It kept me alive for a long time.  I ran out of food about five days before they came for me.  I had started eating my own shit for whatever nutrients I could get out of it.  I mean, we were forced to do it at Clearview all of the time so I figured this time there was a real reason to do it.  After a couple of days of that though, I even quit shitting.  I know I wouldnt have lasted much longer if they hadnt come and rescued me.  You saved me again.  Just like you did that time at Clearview when Aminda saved me from being a drudge slave.  This time it was you Michelle.  But it was the bitchpups that saved me.  I owe both of you my life now.  All I want is to be with you guys from now on.  I could never live without you, knowing what you have done for me.  I cant wait to get there and meet our new mistress.  Tell her I love her for what she has gone through for you two.  I love you guys.



Both sides of the phone conversation were quiet except for the sobbing from Aminda, Michelle, Angie, Karen and yes Sarah who had been there for the whole story.  Nancy walked in and wondered what was wrong.  Michelle looked up and shook her head no as she whispered out, Nothing is wrong.  Everything is perfectly fine now.

Nancy knew that, that wasnt entirely true.  When she had come into the kitchen and heard the sobbing over the speaker phone, she figured that something had been said that had hit a nerve.  She held out her arms and went up to Michelle and hugged her.  She then hugged Aminda and Sarah as well.  She finally said, I take it you talked to your friend that they just rescued?

Michelle shook her head yes.  Nancy spoke up loud enough for Angie and Karen to hear.  Angie, you have a home here.  You are welcome to come and stay with us for as long as you want.  You are special to Aminda and Michelle and therefore to Karen and us.  Welcome to the family, such as it is.

That brought another round of crying and sobbing.  Finally Aminda spoke up and said, We love you Angie.  You are a bitchpup just as much as Michelle or I am.  Well see you soon.  Know that we love you very much.  Tell Karen to take good care of you until youre back with us.  

Aminda hung up the phone and they all went in to join Tom and Nancy to watch a movie.  The movie was almost over when Sarah said, Im getting tired.  Would you guys take me upstairs to my room?

Aminda and Michelle immediately got up and helped Sarah get up.  They created a cradle with their arms and took Sarah upstairs.  When they got to her room she ordered, I want you guys to give me a bath and then Aminda will go and sleep with mom and dad.  Be sure to ask them to whip you first.  I want them to get used to doing it.

Aminda and Michelle answered, Yes Mistress Sarah.

Aminda went to get the bath ready while Michelle undressed Sarah.  When she was naked she helped her to the chair and wheeled her to the bathroom.  Aminda was just turning the water off when they got into the room.  They both helped Sarah into the water and then they both stripped down and climbed in with Sarah, one in front of her and one behind her.  Aminda turned the whirlpool control on and they began to soap up a rag.  

They spent a few minutes washing Sarah together on both her front and back.  After they were done cleaning her up, they quickly washed themselves.  After they rinsed off they turned the whirlpool off and climbed out.  They dried off and helped Sarah back to bed.  Then Sarah said, I will sleep with Michelle now.  You go on down to mom and dad.  Remember to take the whips with you.

Aminda picked up the two whips and took them down to Tom and Nancy.  She didnt like to be whipped but she knew it gave her better cums and it was what her mistress wanted of her.  That was what slaves were for.  She entered the Family room where the movie was just ending.  She held a whip out and gave one to Nancy and then Tom.  She said, Please take me to your room and whip me, then let me make love to you both.  I need it desperately.

Tom looked at Nancy and then back to Aminda and asked, Are you sure you want this.  Sarahs not making you do this is she?

Aminda didnt want to tell them the truth and get her mistress in trouble so she lied saying, No sir.  I just feel like I need to be whipped.  Its been too long and I want you to.  I would much rather it is with someone I care about as much as I do you guys.  You have made our lives so fun and have been so nice to us.  I just want to show you how much it means to me in the only way I know how.  

The first part may have been a lie but she meant every word of the last of her statement.  She really did love the Warrens and what they were doing for them.  She walked to their bedroom with them following her.  She had never put any clothes back on so she didnt have to strip.  She reached up with both hands and grabbed the right rear post of their four poster bed.  She extended her hips out in invitation and spread her legs out about three feet apart.  She looked over her shoulder and then said, I would like about twenty swats from both of you.  You can do it all at the same time or one after the other.  Its up to you.

Tom looked at Nancy and said, Lets just get this over with and do it at the same time.  You know I dont really like doing this.

Aminda didnt like hearing that.  She knew it was counter to what they were trying to accomplish by doing this.  She had to stifle this before he put a stop to it.  She said, Please Mr. Tom.  Please learn to like it for our sakes.  We will need this for the rest of our lives.  We are going to be living with you for a long time before we go anywhere else.  Please help us by doing this.  Please dont hate us for having you do this to us.  We need it.

Aminda surprised herself by how much she really meant what she said.  She thought she was just making something up to get them to whip her without feeling bad about it but she realized now that she meant every word.  She hated to be whipped but she had an almost uncontrollable need to be whipped.  Even though she hated it with a passion she did get longer and better orgasms from it.

Aminda was going through this thought process when she felt the first strike of the whip from Nancy.  Tom took his turn next and then they continued to alternate whipping her.  They werent doing it very hard but the idea was to get them to do it at all.  She didnt scream from the whipping but she did start to get excited.   

Aminda was getting close to cumming when they stopped.  She wanted to cum so much that she begged, Please keep whipping me.  I was almost ready to cum.  Please!

Tom couldnt believe she was begging for more.  He stepped back and said, Nancy, why dont you get down and take care of her sweet little pussy and Ill whip her until she cums.

Nancy got down on her knees and leaned down so she could latch her mouth onto Amindas pussy from behind.  Tom began to whip her as Aminda began to yell, Oh yes.  Suck my cunt and whip me.  Im close I am so close keep going.  I am going to cum soon.  Oh yes oh yes aaahhheeeeeiiiiiii.

Aminda shuddered as she came and came.  Tom quit whipping her but Nancy continued to eat her through her orgasm.  Aminda kept cumming until she couldnt stand any more and started to collapse.  Tom dropped the whip and caught her just in time.  He carried her to the bed and laid her down on it.  Both Tom and Nancy lay down on either side of her.

Tom was as excited as he ever had been.  It was quite the erotic display.  He lined his cock up with Amindas cunt and began to push in.  She immediately woke up and said, Please no.  Fuck me in my ass please.  I need a good ass fuck.  I havent had one since before we were rescued.

Tom couldnt believe she was asking him to fuck her in the ass.  He wasnt going to complain though.  He pulled his cock out of her cunt and lined it up with her ass.  He started pushing in slowly and gently.  Aminda wasnt going to have any of that so she pushed back hard, driving his rampant cock in to the hilt in one push.  Tom began to fuck her over and over.  Her ass was nice and tight.  Soon he felt a tongue added to the mix of sensations he was feeling.

Nancy had heard Aminda beg to be fucked in the ass.  She waited until Tom had established a good rhythm.  She then turned around and began to suck and fuck on Amindas cunt with her tongue.  She frequently moved her efforts to the joined cock and ass.  Soon Aminda was cumming and cumming from her efforts.  She screamed out one last time as she came hard when Tom began cumming in her cunt.  She passed out from the overwhelming pleasure.

Up in the nurses quarters, at the same time that was going on, Geri and Tina were also making love to each other.  They were falling more and more in love with each other as time went on.  They finally had their fill for the night and rolled apart.  Tina said, I dont have to go home tonight.  Both girls are staying over night at friends houses.  Lets just enjoy the night with each other.  We dont know when we will ever get another chance like this.

Geri responded, I think I would like that, but just what about all of this stuff going on around here.  The stuff these girls are doing is absolutely perverted.  Im not sure I want to continue here.  I know that these girls have known no other way of life but shouldnt they be in counseling or something?

Tina said, You havent talked to Karen obviously.  She is the one that Tom and Nancy said was responsible for their company being so successful.  She was a slave just like these girls were.  She said that she spent her time in college in a fraternity sisterhood that she organized and focused around sex.  Every one of those girls she recruited is among the smartest and most important contributors to Tom and Nancys company.  If she says that we should let them enjoy themselves in the only way they know how, then so be it.  I may not want to do those things myself, but I wont stop them from doing it nor will I abandon them.  I dont think they would find another pair of nurses who would put up with it, do you?

Geri honestly answered, No, youre probably right about that.  I guess I can put up with it.  But what if it were your kids?

Tina thought for a minute, I dont know what I would do if it were my own kids that had been put through this.  I really dont.  I dont have to worry about that thank god.  My girls are safe with me at home.  That organization is a long way away from us.  That is one thing I am thankful I will never have to face.  I cant imagine what parents of some of those kids that were abducted are going to go through.  I think it would be better for them to not know.

This is the end of Chapter 63

Note to Fans:  Those that would like to see the campus map and pictures of 
Clearview Preparatory School, visit my MySpace web site or Redlegtigers Tigers Den on google groups.  I have posted the pictures in my pics file there.

Please e-mail comments to redlegtiger@hotmail.com and guiltykarma_420@hotmail.com to let us know what you think of the story.

or visit http://www.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions so please take the time to email me.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM Library and like the story please vote and comment.

