Ada's Tattoo   [MF-mc-magic]


Ada had been reminiscing of late, that had been the beginning of it all. It was the ten year anniversary of the last time they had all been together, as she figured it. It was late spring and it was finals week. Considering what their finals week had been like their senior year it was a wonder she could get any sense of which day exactly they had partied and parted. As their parties went it wasn't very much, they had broken it up early amid many promises to get together again regularly. Most of them, including Ada, would be leaving in the morning, traveling home to family and other celebrations.  


Her entire college experience had been more or less a running party that she had shared with a small core of friends. They weren't too wild but there were various hijinks that were enough to give the group a reputation without getting them into actual trouble. Besides, they held their grades up enough to be respectable, for the most part. Enough of the escapades had been of Ada's inspiration to give her an inadvertent nickname and so she became Jinx to her closest friends, the odd spelling had been her idea, giving it a double entendre.


Looking back on it a decade later Ada wondered. She wasn't sure if they had simply been too young to see what life after school was going to be like or too insincere to worry that their promises were so empty. As it turned out there were no reunions, no letters, and hardly any phone calls. There was Facebook and Twitter. Even that was not very satisfactory considering,  but it was at least some kind of communication. Most of her old friends had spouses and children and all of them seemed to be nothing like the kids they had been.   


As for Ada, life had carried her on "other paths" so she could hardly complain. She had not married and had conscientiously avoided pregnancy. That avoidance and her stated intention to continue in that regard had cost her the longest relationship she had so far managed and been followed by an ill-advised rebound relationship. Both were history now and she was in a funk, hence her melodramatic and wistful recollections.    


On a whim Ada decided that the best course of action would be to get the fuck out of town. She managed to get some vacation time from work and having done that she was committed, she had a week of unscheduled time to herself. A road trip would be the perfect diversion she thought, besides she couldn't stand to look at her own four walls anymore for a while. She was going to just drive south from her Portland apartment and get on the interstate. She would be utterly spontaneous for a week. 


It was on the way to Salem that she decided to stop in Corvallis. That was where her old school was and if they didn't care to celebrate the tenth anniversary of their graduation she would do it without them. Once in Corvallis she took a room not far from her destination, which was a small caf and bar that had been one of their main hangouts. It was not very busy, the outdoor tables were lonelier yet and that suited her mood and purpose nicely. She bought two drinks, one for herself and one for "old friends".


Ada sat at her table in the late afternoon sun and remembered those times, the things they did and how they felt about the world when they had all been so young. This was her unofficial and somewhat spiteful personal pilgrimage to her long out of reach past. 


She had ordered a meal not long after arriving on foot, having left her car in the motel lot, because she intended to drink. Food in her stomach notwithstanding, well into her third drink she was feeling it. Time had passed in that elusive way it does when one is reminiscing, it had grown dark and she hadn't noticed. "Old friends" had not touched their drink, it sat across from her on the white painted steel table. Whiter still was the sweater that draped over her shoulders against the cool night air. It framed the strap top she wore and between them could be seen some of the colorful tattoo on her right shoulder. She only realized that she had closed her eyes when they had suddenly opened and looking at the untouched glass she sighed and thought about calling it a night. Nothing had come of her unplanned gesture and it now seemed meaningless and stale. Perhaps she had secretly hoped someone she knew from the old days would have seen her but even the wait staff were all different now. `What else could one expect?' She mused.


That was when he showed up. A man about her age wearing jeans and a light jacket came from within the caf. He approached her table with two drinks in his hand and without a word set one to her right and one to her left on the small round table. Sitting himself to her left as if he naturally belonged there he raised the glass and said, "To those we left behind."


Ada took in the new arrangement at a glance and smiling she raised her glass and downed what was left of her third drink. Something about him was charming, even attractive.


"I guess I'm a little obvious, sitting here with the ghosts of graduation past."


"I hope I'm not intruding. I'm Mike and there should be a fresh drink...there it is now."


As he spoke the wrong waitress came over with a fresh drink for Ada. "A gentlemen at the bar..." she began but stopped when she recognized him sitting there. "Oh, it's you." Realizing that further comment was unnecessary and feeling suddenly jealous she retreated back into the caf with Ada's empty glass. Mike had flirted with her out of habit then ordered the drink for Ada from a different server. He inwardly shrugged off the faux pas. Ada caught a hint of attitude in the waitress's eyes but passed it off as normal contentiousness between two women when a man is involved. The waitress had liked his flirtations, she usually dreaded that from customers. It never occurred to her to ask herself why. She wondered if he would still be there when she got off.


"Shall we let our respective ghosts make their own introductions?" he asked.


"You're not intruding at all and yes they should be able to sort themselves out well enough. I'm Jinx, thanks for this." She said and raised the new glass to her lips. She was glad to no longer be the only living person at the table. She suddenly felt warmer as well.


It took Mike half an hour to ask her about the tattoo. The conversation was casual yet familiar. They spoke of other times and other places, never about themselves. He had been fairly certain of the nature of the tattoo but having only glimpsed it as he arrived, unnoticed by Ada, he wanted to see more of it to make sure. He sat in the caf considering what he might do. Mike had been wrong before about a tattoo and had to endure those feelings yet again because of it, he didn't want to make that mistake this time. Ada was obliging enough about showing a little more of it to him. He knew that if he pressed she would show him much more. He didn't though, the whole idea was to become normal again, and the advantage wasn't worth the price. Besides, she needn't expose too much of herself for him to see that it was what he had been looking for, a woman in two dimensions inked upon a woman in three dimensions. The tattoo was more than a simple woman though, she was splendid. A Geisha reposed at tea. She was richly colored and presented the calmness of culture and training one might expect. Also, it was very good art. The decoration covered Ada's shoulder and upper right breast. Mike was very pleased that the figure was so large, it would be interesting to watch if his plan worked. They talked and drank together as late evening slipped into night, he seemed to want to change the subject often. She seemed to slur a word or two a little more often. Eventually he asked if she wanted to see his tattoo. He said it in such a suggestive way that she was certain it must be rather sexual in nature, a thing that pleased her more than she realized. When he slipped his jacket and shirt sleeve down she saw it was just a large silvery dot of about three inches in diameter on his right upper arm, just below the shoulder.


"I don't get it," she said. "What does it mean?"


"That is Sassy Sally, or what is left of her after a fashion."


"I still don't get it. What do you mean? Is it some kind of expressionism?"


"I can't really explain it and you wouldn't likely believe it if I could. I'd have to show you and it would have to be in private."


"Of course it would." She laughed, then she shook her head as if to signify she wasn't interested. She was interested though. She was out of town, he was really nice, and she would be returning to an empty lonely room.


"Well drink up then, I'm going to call it a night. It's been very pleasant and thank you for your company."


Mike finished his drink and reaching across the table took up to untouched drink he had arrived with and held it up. Ada sensing the end of the impromptu encounter did likewise.


"Final toast, to the mysterious supernatural."


Ada raised her eyebrows and said, "Really? OK, whatever. The mysterious supernatural."


They downed the drinks and she spluttered a bit, huffed out her breath, closed her eyes and teetered in her seat. She had just done her seventh drink at a single throw and it hit her hard.


Ada laughed, said, "Supernatural indeed." And laughed again.


"You probably aren't the type to take up a quest anyway, oh well it was just a thought."


"What do you mean by that?" she asked, trying to keep the conversation alive.


"Go home Jinx. Put yourself and the Geisha to bed. It never happened." He rose from his seat and was turning to go.


Ada reached for him while saying, "OK wait." She lurched though and he had to catch her.


"Wait for what? I told you, only in private."


"Yes well we can discuss that after you help me to my room. It's not far."


Mike smiled and said, "Point the way." He felt he had been right to underplay his hand by offering to leave. She was obviously feeling it and he knew he could stop trying. He thought about just carrying her, she was slight enough to not be a burden but he reasoned that the movement might make her seasick and that wouldn't do. He needed her to watch or she wouldn't understand what had happened or what she must do in her turn. His touch on Ada's arm as he steadied her thrilled her more and more as they walked. Ada wasn't ready to let him get away yet. She caught herself thinking that way and for a second wanted to break away but she didn't. She felt herself wanting him and when she realized it she once again rebelled inwardly but only for a few seconds. `He has me under some kind of spell or charm', she thought but at the same time she loved being under it. `I didn't come here to sleep with some stranger', she affirmed but she could feel the flow of events and her uncharacteristic desire carrying her toward that very thing. As they walked his tattooed arm brushed her shoulder every few steps. Ada finally made the connection between the tattoo, its location on the arm that kept touching her shoulder, and her sense that she was under some kind of compulsion. Her response though was to deliberately align her shoulder for the following contact, she was that far gone. It took about twenty minutes to reach her door. Her head had cleared of the alcohol a little by then but her interest in him was greater than any other thought. Ada was keen to be alone with Mike and all of her reservations had left her. Once inside he sat on the upholstered chair and Ada sat not far from him on the bed.


"Is this private enough? Can you explain it now?" She said with a smile.


"I said I was going to show you, not explain."


Mike took his wallet out and after fishing out a photo he handed it to her. While she looked at it he removed his jacket, shirt, and undershirt. She noticed how fit he looked and how hairy his chest was but that couldn't explain why she became so avid. Once again it seemed to be something about the silvery tattoo, her attention was drawn to it immediately and her breathing quickened noticeably. She tried to concentrate on the photo in her hand, it showed something entirely different but more or less the same color.


"What is this?" The photo showed an arm tattooed with an image of a brunette nude woman perched upon a thousand pound munition as if it were a carnival ride. Underneath the bomb in a fluid script it read Sassy Sally and the backdrop of the scene was the nose of a large aircraft.


"That is Sassy Sally, she is what is known as nose art. The plane is the bomber my grandfather flew in during world war two. He had the same tattoo, my dad had it, and I have or had it."


"Whose arm is in the picture, your dad's or your granddads?"


"That's my arm in the picture. That's my tattoo."


Ada looked at the picture and looked at his arm. She looked every bit as confused as she felt, nothing was making sense and on top of it all she felt what she was beginning to realize was a desire to undress.


"Why am I continuously bewildered by what you say and why do I want you more than you seem to want me? This is the strangest seduction I have ever been a party to." She shook her head as if to clear it but it didn't help.


"That's because I'm not trying to seduce you, I want the geisha."


"What?! Wait, what?!"


"It is confusing isn't it?" he said. Knowing he should stop leading up to it and just make his move he rose and sat next to her on the bed.


"Yes, stop talking." She said. Her hands went to him on their own and she began moving her fingers through the hair of his chest while she kissed him.


For a while after that it looked like any other passionate affair. He fondled her breasts through her clothing while they kissed. She pulled at the hair at the back of his head to leverage their kissing. He pulled at the clasp of her skirt. She bit his lips. He slid his hands under her clothing. She grabbed at his ass to press him closer. In due course they divested themselves of all clothing. Ada was no longer confused, she wanted him and didn't want to wait any longer. He was hard against her belly, touching her everywhere with his hands, driving her wild. She spread her thighs for him and Mike, positioning himself, slid easily into her. Ada thrust her hips at him, expecting the same from him but he had stopped. He seemed to be concentrating on his weird tattoo.


"What's going on? Don't stop! Why have you stopped?!"


"There are simply no words, you have to watch. Look, I think it's going to happen."


"Of course it's happening! Fuck me!"


He placed his index finger on her lips and said, "Watch my tattoo."


He turned slightly on her so she could see his arm better. She wriggled a little trying to get them going again, unable to make sense of anything anymore. It was all so insane but she did as she was told and watched the tattoo. Unbelievably she discerned some kind of unnatural movement within it. In the next moments she doubted her sanity. It was not just moving, the tattoo was alive! A face appeared within it and then a head emerged. The large dot tattoo was sprouting a head and worse than that the head had horns and a woolly beard. Horns! The horror and shock of what she was seeing sobered her.


"For the love of god! What the fuck is that!? What did you put in my drink, LSD?"


"No, No, it's not drugs and you're not crazy. Nothing bad is going to happen, I swear it. As a matter of fact this is probably going to be the best and farthest out sex you will ever have but watch or you won't understand and then you won't understand the quest."


"Oh the quest, I almost forgot." She laughed at the edge of hysteria.


By then the rest of it had emerged. A figure was standing beside the large dot, stretching its arms. Its legs though had hooves, hooves at the bottom of woolly legs! Not human legs either, it had animal legs! And, and, an erection! LSD, she thought frantically, I'm tripping. I simply must be. I have to calm down, can't have a bad trip here.


Both Ada and Mike were entirely captivated now by the emerging scene. The priapic satyr that had separated itself from the dot bent and reached into the dot to help a nude brunette to her feet. Once she was clear he spread the dot out by pulling its edges until the image of the aircraft from the photo was clear to be seen. It had the same large bomb and the words, Sassy Sally written on the fuselage under the bomb. The satyr lifted the woman by her waist into her place upon the bomb and patted her rather red ass cheek. Ada didn't remember her ass being red in the photo. As she watched it the creature looked about and seemed to see something interesting because it began to move down Mike's arm with a purpose. Thinking fast, Mike took hold of Ada's hands and held her. She realized instantly what was about to transpire and began to whimper and shrink away, not that there was anywhere to go.


"It's OK, it's OK. He won't hurt you! He just wants her, the geisha. Look at Sally, does she look hurt? She looks better than ever." Ada was no judge of that, her eyes were fixed on the two dimensional march of the satyr as it left Mike's flesh and moved onto and along hers. Up Ada's arm and over her shoulder he went, his priapic phallus leading the way. More than that, Ada was appalled that she could actually feel the hooves on her skin as he moved. The geisha turned her head to watch his approach and he grew in size to match her as he came, as if he were traveling forward from a distance. The formerly staid woman smiled at the beast and turning her upper body she opened her kimono to bare a single breast to him. Ada's view was at a difficult angle but she could see it all as it transpired upon her upper body. Mike yet held Ada's hands as he lay upon her in a kind of relaxed pushup position to watch the action intently. He was glad that he could no longer feel the filthy thing or what it was about to do but he was turned on watching it with that knowledge. All of this transpired at a normal rate of action, there wasn't a lot of time for Ada to think about it or reason it out.


`This has to be an acid trip. I'm hallucinating, I must be. But I can feel it!' she thought in those quick moments.


Nothing in any of this, as surrealistic as it was, could have prepared Ada for what happened next though for as the satyr reached the geisha he enveloped her bare breast with his alien hand and Ada felt it at her own breast and nipple. Her nipple stiffened at the sensation, as did the other when the thing reached into the kimono to claim it as well.


"Oh god! My mind is going! It's going." Her breath was coming fast and hard but it wasn't all panic. The sensation was exquisitely exciting and sexual excitement was once again mingling with her every thought.


"Just wait." Mike said. She had lost herself so much in the bizarre and sensuous tableau that she had forgotten that she was yet in mid coitus. Now she was suddenly and newly aware of it and sexually excited beyond all reason, beyond any former experience. Her automatic response was to once again push her hips up at his as she tried again to extract pleasure from the stiff member that lay within her most precious grasp.   


"Shut up and fuck me you bastard! It's too much and not enough!" she yelled as she strained to satisfy the insistent and undeniable need that raged in her.  


Still though, Mike held back. He had felt all of this and what was to come more than once as a man and it had changed him. He wanted to put that behind him now, he wanted to watch Jinx in the throes of it also. The satyr didn't kiss the geisha nor did he relinquish his hold on her breasts. He helped her to her knees before him and she herself lifted the kimono out of the way. During this Ada's mind and body raced. She watched, unable to look away, unnerved by the feel of the creature on her body and aghast at the thought that she could feel hands on her breasts but not Mike's hands, he wasn't touching them. That was right though because no man's hands had ever made her feel this way. It must be the, and the word came to her mind shockingly, satyr!  He got onto his animal knees behind what had once been Ada's innocent and charming tattoo. Do it! Do it! Her mind, body, and voice cried out. She felt his woolly knees dig into the side of her breast but that sensation was altogether lost when the imp thrust into her, going full speed from the very beginning. In reality the geisha was receiving him but Ada felt it all as she had anticipated and desired in her outrageous lust. She panted and rocked her hips trying to keep up, she grunted and groaned. Her first orgasm was sudden and intense but it was obscured quickly by the unceasing assault on her vagina. Mike had watched and began his thrusting to match the beast. He couldn't match the damned thing's tempo though so Ada was at times double fucked as one would push into her while the other withdrew only to ram into her again in his turn. The intense and unnatural carnal act went on at some length and Ada came a second time, almost passing out, her breathing ragged. Mike came in her but kept right on going nevertheless, or was it him? She had lost track of what she was doing with her arms and legs. She had ceased watching the beast as it took the geisha, her head pressed back hard into the pillows that her hands made fists into. Her knees were bent to allow her toes to clinch into the sheets and her hips had a mind of their own. Ada was reaching the very end of herself and still the beast fucked her like a machine. She had to do something but what? This was wrong in every imaginable way yet still she felt her body rising to a new height, an impossible height. Opening her eyes once more she stared wide eyed to see the geisha still being taken by the satyr, her hair undone and hanging free, her kimono askew to the point of draping off of her now mostly exposed body. She felt shocked anew at what her eyes saw, knowing it was true but unable to come to terms with it rationally. Mike still held himself on his outstretched arms, watching the passion of the two characters, he no longer bothered to restrain Ada's hands. Ada placed a trembling hand upon the satyr and stroked his body and ass, anything to make him finish! She stroked him again and said, "Cum in her already you fucking devil". Seeing this mike redoubled his efforts. The satyr actually looked at Ada and grinned, then he flooded himself into the womanly tattoo. Somehow mike was cumming again and Ada who had been rocked till her whole body ached came like it was her own personal magnitude ten earthquake.


Mike rolled off of her, trying to catch his breath. He didn't know if she had passed out or fallen into a deep sleep any more than he knew as much about himself when he had first received the satyr. He rose and covered her, she was soaked with sweat and their fluids. Ada's breath was deep and even as the satyr drew at the edges of the tattoo till only a large colorful dot remained. "Sayonara." He said to the thing as it disappeared into the dot with yet another lover. Not waiting to get dressed he went to the mirror in the bath to look at Sally. She really did look great, absolutely glowing. Her hair wasn't as neat as it had been and her ass had that new color but he couldn't complain. He was finally rid of it. It bothered him a little that he had passed the damned thing onto this woman but what else could he have done. He couldn't go on like that, always on edge sexually, always flirting and chasing women like a seventeen year old. Knowing that they all were affected by the presence of the thing, they all would want him but also knowing that he would utterly loose himself each time. The satyr would emerge from the dot with Sally and fuck her at length every time he had any kind of sex. Even normal masturbation had been lost for him. Maddeningly he would feel it as if he were Sally, a woman. More than that though it was so far out of proportion he would hardly know what he was doing. A few times the women disengaged and watched as he thrashed about moaning and crying out in ecstasy. He would never remove his shirt either, lest someone see the inexplicable sex act as it transpired on his body. What Mike didn't notice in that mirror was the bit of a tummy Sally was showing. He would see it soon enough though when she really began to show and he would know the out of control sexual feelings again in time.


The mage who had woven the spell that created the satyr had made the creature potent in more ways than one. It had been intended for one particular target who would never be rid of it. That person was a former student who had fallen out of favor. The master had tattooed the student himself before their falling out and fit the spell to that tattoo. It pleased the mage to know that there would ever be an aspect of that woman's life that could not be brought under discipline, especially something sexual.  Her tattoo of course could not be removed, he wouldn't have given her one that could. That was normal for him and had nothing to do with future plans. All of their kind were controlling in nature about everything. It rankled and stung when any aspect of oneself could not be utterly brought into line. Mike and Ada were far down stream in the chain of consequences from that spell but if he knew about them he would have simply laughed at their fate. He had created a new STD, (sexually transmitted demon).  


Ada awoke alone in her room. She was desperately thirsty. Laying there in the rumpled bed she realized that her head hurt already with the coming hangover. Staggering to the toilet she dropped unceremoniously onto the seat to let her urine flow then standing again she rinsed her face and filled the water glass. While she sipped the water she looked into the mirror to take stock. She had been seriously fucked, sex like she hadn't known existed. The mirror confirmed that the satyr had remained with her, he was hers now. It was both appalling and fabulous. Ada felt far sexier than she had ever felt and was fairly certain she would be as irresistible as she had found Mike to be. Her body was still humming with the effects of her orgasms. It wasn't like any afterglow she had ever experienced before though, it was more of a low comfortable burn. There was a fire in her that she knew would flare up again. She wondered what it would take to fan it.


"Wowwww." She sighed at her reflection and the direction of her thoughts. "What are you two up to in there?" she asked the blue green spot near her clavicle. "Mysterious supernatural indeed!"







