The last thing Will expected when he entered his quarters was Wesley, sitting at his table, working on homework. Wesley had been swamped with homework, and Will had been working with the Captain on negotiations. Wesley hadn’t been on the bridge for negotiations, and his homework had kept him from Will’s quarters, so he hadn’t seen him for a few days.

Now, he was just there, sitting in Will’s quarters like it was the most normal thing in the world. It was domestic and Will didn’t really care. Wesley finally looked up at him.

“Oh, hey Will. Sorry, but I had homework still, and I hadn’t seen you for a few days…I didn’t think you’d mind.” Will had made his way over to the table during Wesley’s ramblings, and was now standing in front of him.

“Of course I don’t mind.” He leaned over and kissed Wesley hello, and then took a seat across from Wes.

“So, how’s the homework going?”

“Actually, I finished as you walked in.”

“So does that mean you’ll be coming over later?” He tried not to sound too excited, or too hopeful, but he knew he had failed. He was hopeful. He had missed having Wesley lying next to him at night. Wesley pretended not to notice.

“Actually, I’m really tired, so I thought I would come over earlier. I don’t want to risk falling asleep and not making it over.”

“You mean to tell me you’re just going to tell your mother bye and come over?”

“Pretty much.”

“Wes, I know she knows that you sneak out, but do you really think she’s going to be okay with you just walking out?”

“It’ll be fine, Will.” Wesley got up and leaned down to kiss him goodbye. Wesley looked exhausted. Really exhausted.

“Jesus Wesley, you look like you could sleep for a week.” Wesley smiled, a sad, tired smile.

“I’ll be back, Will.” He picked up his things and walked out of Will’s quarters.

He hoped Wesley wouldn’t fall asleep before he came over. Wesley looked like he could sleep through an explosion.

Not even an hour later, Wesley was back in his quarters. Before Will could even comprehend what was going on, Wesley had stripped naked, and crawled into bed. It wasn’t yet 19:00, but Will didn’t think twice. He stripped down and followed Wesley into bed.

“Baby, you’ve been working too hard.”

“I don’t mind it.”

Will pulled Wesley into his arms, and ran a hand down his back, and along the curve of his buttocks. Wesley sighed contentedly, and pressed in even closer to Will. He placed a kiss to Wesley’s forehead. He couldn’t believe that it had been a month since Wesley had finally let Will see him completely naked. It was still such a new feeling, running his hands along nothing but skin.

“Are you going to tell me what happened?”

“Oh, yeah. So, I told her that I wanted to leave early because I wanted to get some sleep. She, of course, didn’t believe me, so that kind of started a whole conversation about sex.”

“You told her how far you’ve gone?”

“More like I told her how far I haven’t gone. She seemed surprised. I guess I can’t blame her, considering how much time I spend here. Oh, she also finally got around to asking me how I can stay here the entire night, so now she knows that I’m seeing someone older.”

“I’m surprised she hasn’t picked up on the fact that you never say ‘she’.” There was nothing but silence from Wes.

“Oh no. She asked, didn’t she?”

“Yeah.”

“Did you tell her? How did she take it?”

“Yes, I told her. She was actually more okay with that, than the fact that I was seeing someone that was older.”

“Wes, now that she knows it’s an older guy, do you think she’ll get suspicious about us spending so much time together?”

“No, she thinks that I think of you like a father.”

Will forgot to breathe for a moment. It wasn’t like the thought hadn’t crossed his mind before, but the way those words fell out of Wesley’s mouth, it was unnerving.

“Will, stop that.” Wesley pushed him onto his back, and lay down on top of him. “Listen to me, Will. That’s not what this is about.” He kissed Will once before continuing.

“When I look at you Will, I see Will. I don’t see an older man; I see my friend, my partner, and my lover-well, sort of lover. Well, future lover for sure. But the point of all of this, is that yes, he died when I was young, but I don’t have father issues, and I promise, I’ll never have the urge to call you daddy.”

Will groaned. “Wes, please don’t ever use that word again.”

Wesley laughed. “Sure.”

Wesley got off of him, and they rolled back onto their sides, facing each other again.

“You know, Will, you could be accused of the same thing.”

“You know that’s not what this is about, right?”

“Yeah, I know.” They lay in silence for a while, but it seemed that Wesley wasn’t quite done yet.

“You know I meant it, right?”

“Of course I do. Why?”

“It just seems like you’re still worried.”

“You do realize, Wesley, that there might be a small part of you for which this is about that, right?”

“Yeah, I do. But even if there is, it’s definitely not the bigger part.” The silence that followed this time was more comfortable. Will kissed Wesley, but Wesley pulled away before he could deepen it.

“Will, I have a question.”

“Okay.”

“If I did want to use that word one day, would you?” Will had wondered if Wesley would ask him that. It was too soon to answer that though. It was too soon to examine those feelings that told him that the answer would probably be yes. If it was something the kid needed someday, every once in a while, then yes, he probably would.

“Tell you what. Why don’t you ask me that again in a few months.”

Wesley seemed to understand, not pressing Will for a more definite answer. Instead, he pulled Will in for a kiss. Will thought it would be brief because he knew how tired Wesley was, but Wesley surprised him. Will felt Wesley’s tongue seeking entrance, and Will opened his mouth to him.

The kiss was slow, sweet, and lazy, and they melted into it - they melted into each other. Wesley was really exhausted though, and he could feel the kid slowly drifting away. Wesley pulled back.

“Will, if we keep doing that I’m going to fall asleep, and I don’t want to do that to you.”

“Well, maybe I want to do that to you.” Wesley made a soft little whimper, and went back to kissing Will.

Will kissed him until Wesley stopped responding, and then just held him in his arms until he drifted off to sleep with Wesley.