Keywords: FF, cons, interr, rom
Part: Chapter 43
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

	Chapter 43



          Her reunion with Brandi had been so thrilling, exhausting, 
    ecstatic that she had briefly forgotten about the encounter with 
    Arthur, though some of the bruises on her body remained for days.  
    Finally, they were gone.  After Brandi, she went without sex for a 
    while.  Yvette had been out of town on business, so fortunately 
    Laura did not run into her at work.

          She did spend an evening with Rob, who somehow redeemed her 
    faith in men.  He made her come repeatedly without the horrible 
    violence she had endured from Yvette's enraged husband.  And Rob, 
    whose cock was even bigger than Arthur's, knew how to use it without 
    hurting her.

          She also spent a hot after-school afternoon with Chanitra, who 
    somehow knew where to find Laura at lunch and had tempted her into 
    taking the afternoon off work.  She couldn't resist Chanitra.  One 
    glimpse of the girl's body was enough.  They had spent hours of 
    exuberant fucking, and Laura had thought of Yvette only a couple of 
    times, and of the trouble they were in.  Thank god you're not 
    married, she wanted to tell Chanitra.

          But when Yvette returned from her business trip, Laura knew 
    she couldn't avoid the issue any longer.  She got a call at her 
    desk.

          "Meet me in Bob Scheinbaum's office," Yvette said in a 
    whisper.

          "When?"

          "Right now.  He's out of town.  His secretary is at lunch.  No 
    one will see you."

          "Yvette---"

          "Please . . . Laura."

          Her voice sounded so plangent with need and pain that Laura 
    couldn't refuse.  She couldn't forget, either, the times they had 
    fucked passionately on the floors and sofas in the offices of out-
    of-town executives.

          "Where do you get the keys to these places?" she asked as 
    Yvette let her in and locked the door.

          "I went to bed with the pompous old shit once," Yvette said.  
    "He's been trying to get me to do it again ever since."

          Laura's eyes raised slightly.  She was learning more about 
    Yvette.  "How about the other two offices?"

          Yvette smiled mysteriously.  "Just friends."

          She moved close, putting her arms on Laura's shoulders, 
    bringing her mouth close to Laura's.  But Laura was stiff, cold, 
    unyielding.

          "Did you go to bed with them too?" Laura asked, aware that she 
    was being gratuitously nasty in order to keep a distance between 
    them, and to counter her own desire.

          "Why not?"  Yvette's eyes twinkled with malice.  "Every fat 
    old bag of shit around here wants to screw my hot black pussy.  So 
    do you." 

          Laura blushed.  The shoe fit very well, she knew.  She gulped.  
    Yvette tried to kiss her, and she turned her head away.  Suddenly, 
    the sharp, sarcastic Yvette changed.  Her voice broke.  Two huge 
    tears rolled down her cheeks.

          "He told me," she sobbed softly.  "Oh Laura."

          "How did he find out?"

          "Chanitra told him."

          "Chanitra?"  Laura was shocked.  I just spent an afternoon 
    fucking with her.  The little minx.

          "She wants you for herself."  Yvette dropped her arms from 
    Laura's shoulders and walked away, furtive, distant.  "Did he . . . 
    hurt you?"

          "Yes."

          "Rape you?"

          "Yes.  He said next time he'd rape me, then kill me.  I felt 
    like he meant it."

          "He does."  Yvette's big eyes were jeweled with tears.  "But I 
    can't live without you."

          Now she came over to Laura again.  She embraced Laura and 
    kissed her, but Laura did not respond.

          "Laura, please . . ."

          "He'd probably kill you too."

          "I know he would.  He just about did already."

          This got to Laura.  She was able to stay distant from Yvette 
    until she imagined Arthur hurting her.  She knew her feelings for 
    Yvette ran very deep.

          "Oh baby," she said, involuntarily.

          They came together, kissing heatedly, Laura kissing away 
    Yvette's tears.

          "I want you," Yvette whimpered softly.  "I want you bad."

          "We can't."

          "Why not?"

          "It's too dangerous."

          "No one will know.  Bob fucked me right there on that sofa 
    with his secretary sitting outside.  She never knew a thing."

          Laura walked away from her.  She didn't like the way she felt 
    so tempted.  She wanted Yvette too.  It also hurt her to think of 
    Yvette being 'fucked right on that sofa' by anyone else.  

          "Yvette . . . we're putting both of our lives in danger."

          "You mean Arthur?  He doesn't know you work here.  Nobody here 
    could tell him."

          She walked over to Laura and started to unbutton the back of 
    Laura's blouse.  But Laura pulled away again.

          "No."

          "Laura . . ."

          "Yvette, we can't."  Now Laura felt tears in her own eyes.

          "Please," Yvette asked softly, eyes pleading.

          Laura shook her head.  She went to the door and let herself 
    out.  Her eyes were clouded with tears, but she noticed that Bob 
    Scheinbaum's secretary had already returned from lunch, a thin but 
    shockingly beautiful black woman with chiseled features, a little 
    older than Yvette, probably in her early thirties, whom Laura had 
    never seen before.  She smiled at the secretary, not daring to look 
    any longer at her, then fled down the hall before Yvette could 
    follow her.



          But that Sunday afternoon Yvette showed up at her door.

          "I can't let you in," Laura said, keeping the chain on, as she 
    always did now, after Arthur's visit.  "This is even riskier than 
    the office.  He might be following you."

          "He's at the ballgame with a friend," Yvette snorted.  "Let me 
    in.  You know you want to."

          Laura knew she was right.  She wanted Yvette more than 
    anything.  It had been weeks since they had made love in the hotel 
    room during lunch hour, fucking so tenderly and passionately that 
    they had surprised even themselves.  But that had been before 
    Arthur.

          Yvette leaned close to the door and whispered through the open 
    crack, so that the neighbors, if they were listening, couldn't hear.  
          "I'm wet for you.  All I do is think of you.  I masturbate in 
    the bathroom, thinking of you.  I came in my sleep last night 
    dreaming of you.  Please."

          Laura's hand shook as she unfastened the chain.  Yvette was 
    inside in a flash.  Laura closed the bolt, and they were in each 
    other's arms, devouring one another.  It felt like they hadn't been 
    together for months, instead of a couple of weeks.  Kissing Laura 
    hungrily, Yvette also pulled Laura's loose sweatshirt up to her 
    neck, then pulled away only long enough to lift it over Laura's 
    head.

          Laura wore no bra, and Yvette's hands scooped up her breasts, 
    while her mouth fell to them.  They had not moved from the front 
    door.  Yvette sucked Laura's nipples passionately, bringing small 
    helpless whimpers from Laura.

          "Come to the bedroom," Laura whispered.  "Please."

          "Yes."

          In Laura's bedroom, they quickly undressed each other.  Having 
    Yvette's long, beautiful, naked body in her arms again made Laura 
    quiver with thrilling desire.  She kissed Yvette's shoulders, her 
    neck, her throat, her chest, her breasts, sucking the plump black 
    nipples sharply.  

          They lay down together on the bed, eagerly caressing and 
    kissing each other, neither one willing to let the other take over.

          "Oh god, Laura, I've wanted to fuck you so much," Yvette 
    panted, swarming all over Laura's body, making Laura yield to her 
    aggressive caresses.

          Laura had no choice but to give in, and clearly Yvette was 
    intent on setting some sort of record.  She did not let up until she 
    had brought Laura to six progressively more wrenching climaxes.  
    Laura could hardly believe the sexual whirlwind she had unleashed.  
    Yvette had always been a hot lover, but this time Laura was 
    astonished.

          "What got into you?" she finally asked, after regaining her 
    breath, her body still tingling from her last, fierce orgasm.

          "You didn't enjoy it?"  Yvette looked worried.

          Laura beamed at her.  "I wish I could chain you to the bed and 
    make you do that to me every morning."

          "I wish you could to," Yvette smiled back.

          By now Laura had pulled the girl down onto her back.  She 
    kissed Yvette everywhere, luxuriating in the feel of the girl's 
    smooth black skin under her lips.

          "Ummmm . . . two can play that game, though," she murmured, 
    sliding between Yvette's yawning thighs.

          "Oh!  Oh god!" Yvette gasped as she felt Laura's mouth on her 
    pussy.  "Oh!  Oh please!  Oh god oh Laura I'm going to . . . going 
    to come!  Right now!  Ungghhaaauughhiieee!"

          Laura had been the one who had taught Yvette what she had done 
    to Laura first, the hot wild strings of coming, the relentless 
    pressure, until one explosion followed another, and she was able to 
    return the favor.  Yvette had three more orgasms in quick 
    succession, followed by a final, excruciating climax that Laura let 
    build for several minutes, until Yvette, too, almost blacked out 
    from the intensity of it.

          Laura let her rest for a few minutes.  They coiled 
    languourously together, kissing and cooing, stroking and squeezing, 
    unable to get enough of each other.

          "If I couldn't do this, I'd die," Yvette confessed.

          "You wouldn't.  You just wouldn't be this happy."

          "I guess I am a lesbian."

          "Who cares what it's called.  We just like to fuck each 
    other."

          They began kissing again and gradually worked into the sixty-
    nine position, where they experienced a shared orgasm so shattering 
    that Laura was afraid the neighbors would be alarmed.  Nevertheless, 
    she pushed on, knowing that Yvette was now primed for a string of g-
    spot miracle orgasms.

          Shifting around so that she could slide a finger up into 
    Yvette's cunt, she began by kissing the glistening, black-edged rose 
    petals, slipping her tongue in too, while rubbing Yvette's hard 
    little clit with the tip of one finger.  In seconds Yvette was 
    churning her hips and moaning again, though she had exploded with 
    coming about two minutes earlier.

          Has she forgotten that I can do this to her? Laura wondered as 
    she slid her forefinger up into the tight, juicy slit and rotated 
    it, knowing the tip of her finger was only a hair's breadth away 
    from the spot that would unleash a frenzied flurry of orgasms in 
    Yvette's long, lovely body.  I haven't done it to her in a while.  
    Maybe she forgot.  Oh baby, oh honey . . .

          She bent her lips to Yvette's clit, sucking it and pressing 
    the g-spot hard with her finger at the same time.  Yvette's body 
    nearly rose up off the bed as a whirlwind of coming suddenly 
    wrenched her.

          "Oh!  Nnnnnggeeeee!  Oh . . . uummmmnnnggeeeee!" she cried 
    out, flipping and straining, shuddering violently as the spasms 
    ripped through her.

          Again and again she came, as Laura turned up the heat, 
    devouring her clit and rubbing her secret spot roughly at the same 
    time, bringing a convulsive string of excruciating climaxes to 
    Yvette's thrashing, squirming body.  There didn't seem to be any end 
    to them.  Yvette moaned and shook and arched her back, pumping with 
    her pelvis, screaming as yet another climax wracked her flexing 
    body. 

          She must have had about four orgasms before Laura pulled back 
    and let her collapse on the bed, panting and sobbing and laughing 
    all at once from the release.

          "Oh god . . . oh god!" Yvette gasped.  "I didn't think you 
    could do that to me again!"

          "I'm going to have to gag you before I do it to you next 
    time," Laura grinned, still overcome with deep affection for the 
    girl, kissing her lovely naked body and stroking it.

          "God, that sounds so wonderfully kinky," Yvette smiled.  "You 
    promise?"

          A hot squirt of sexual excitement raced through Laura's cunt.  
    Do you think she'd really do it? she wondered, all her most 
    perverted sexual impulses suddenly surfacing.  But then she saw 
    Yvette's face fall, and she knew it was too good to be true.

          "But we have to . . . talk," Yvette said, reluctantly.

          "I know."

          Fresh tears filled her dark eyes.  "Arthur threatened to take 
    my baby away from me, if I ever saw you again."

          "Oh no."

          "He said no court would let a lesbian keep her."

          "He might be right."

          For the next thirty minutes they talked, deeply gloomy, about 
    how they would not be able to do this again.  Laura told Yvette 
    about Rina, how she had been murdered by her boyfriend, for sleeping 
    with Laura.

          "I'd kill myself if that happened to you," she told Yvette.

          "I can't risk losing my little girl," Yvette sobbed.  "But . . 
    . if I thought I was never going to see you again, I'd die."

          Somehow the sadness made their passion more acute than ever.  
    Even though they had both climaxed more than ten times, they 
    fell on each other again with a renewed fury of lust, fucking hard, 
    coming hard, and repeatedly, until they had nearly burned each other 
    out. 

          By the time Yvette left, each girl had emptied herself into 
    the other.  They kissed, murmured deep love words to each other, and 
    parted, sure they would never share these intimate moments again.

