Author: MikeCA
Title: The Girls vs Guys Game
Part: Chapter 12
Universe: Pure Strip Poker
Summary: Lary meets Mary and is drawn into a series of strip poker games as their relationship slowly develops.
Keywords: MF, exhib, voy, strippoker, oral, Fsolo
===========================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL NATURE, AND 
MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND 
SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE 
OR COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN 
DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION INTENDED 
FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT NECESSAARILY 
CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED IN THIS STORY. ALL 
PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY 
SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS 
PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
===========================================================

Pure Strip Poker

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 1999 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, except those 
described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and 
repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the 
disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.


Pure Strip Poker

Chapter 12 The Girls vs Guys Game

What was Mary thinking? The winner could get anything they want? 
Did that mean I could sleep with Linda if I won? Could Les sleep with 
Mary if he won? I was sure that wasn't what Mary meant. Mary could 
see the confused look on my face. 

"If you or Les win, then Linda and I have to do what you tell us, and 
if we win, then you have to do what I tell you."

Well that made a little more sense, but I still felt uneasy about this.

"What exactly will the losers have to do?" I whispered to Mary.

"Oh...nothing you haven't done before," Mary smiled. "You'll find 
out after you lose."  

I didn't like the sound of that. I was remembering Connie's story from 
a few weeks ago, and figured I knew what Mary was talking about.

"That assumes I'm going to lose," I protested.

"Well, of course, that's what I assume," Mary laughed. "Come on 
Larry. I'll be fun."

"Where are we going to play?" I asked. "My room is already occupied 
and Mary has a very uptight roommate."

"I think we can use my apartment," said Les. "My roommate is gone 
till Sunday."

Given Mary's enthusiasm, I couldn't think of anymore excuses, so I 
nodded my agreement and we started off towards Les's apartment.

 "So what rules are we going to use?" I asked.

"It's late, so we could play it the old fashion way," said Les. "Just the 
low hand takes off a piece of clothes."

"No way," said Mary. "That's the way little kids play. How about we 
bet clothes like we did tonight. Larry and I played a no limit game 
betting clothes. I think that format would work ok with four people."

"Hey, no limit strip poker," beamed Les. "This sounds really good."

"That's no betting limit," Mary said with the emphasis on the word 
betting.

"Yeah," replied Les. "What did you think I meant?"

"We know what you meant, Les," laughed Linda.

"If we use the must open rule with no limit betting after the draw, that 
should make for an interesting game, that won't take too long," 
continued Mary.

"Sounds ok to me," said Les. "You sure you know how to play no 
limit poker?"

"Well, Larry and I have played it before," said Mary. "With only four 
players we should probably play any pair can open, rather than jacks 
to open."

Les nodded his approval.

"How do the teams work?" I asked.

"Oh we each play for ourselves," replied Linda. "And the game ends 
when there are only girls or only guys left in the game."

"You can get stripped and still be on the winning side," said Les.

"So if I get stripped first," I said. "But Les then strips both you girls, I 
still am the winner?"

"Yeah, that's right," said Les.

"Ok, I think I understand," I said.

"Oh, one other thing," Les smiled at Mary. "First person stripped on 
the losing team has to do one favor for the winner."

Mary looked a little unhappy at this suggestion.

"The loosers can, of course, refuse to do anything with another 
person," Les quickly added.

Linda leaned over to Mary's ear and whispered something in her ear 
again. Mary giggled.

"Oh, I see," Mary said. "Well...I'm not planning on loosing."

"Planning may not have all that much to do with it," Les said. "A few 
hands of bad cards, and you'll be naked no matter what your plans 
are."

"We'll see who ends up naked," Mary said. 

I wasn't so sure about this. Mary and I had played like this once, but 
Les seemed to know a lot about no limit poker, so I was a little 
nervous about this. On the other hand, Les was on my team, so I guess 
it was Mary who should be worried about Les.

Les's apartment turned out to not be in the direction we had started 
out in at all. I wondered if Les and Linda had followed us just to invite 
us to play strip poker. I was also a little worried that Les seemed too 
interested in Mary. And what about Linda? She didn't seem at all 
upset about Les's interest in Mary. In fact, Linda seemed to be helping 
Les pursue Mary. Could Les and Linda be swingers? I had read about 
couples who liked to swap partners with other couples. Was that what 
was suppose to happen after this game? I couldn't see Mary going 
along with that, but did she realize that was what might happen?

Les's apartment turned out to be in a small modern building on the 
West Side of campus. I had not explored this part of town yet, and had 
not even realized that there were apartments over here on the other 
side of the commercial district. The apartment was a first floor, two-
bedroom unit with a large living room and a kitchenette in the corner. 
There was a big sliding door that opened onto a very small private 
courtyard. The apartment upstairs had a balcony that was only a little 
smaller than the courtyard.

While the building was stylishly modern, as soon as you walked in the 
door, you could immediately tell that this was a guy's apartment. It 
was sparsely decorated with a football poster, an action movie poster 
and a poster for the movie "Rounders", which looked like it had 
something to do with poker, although I had never seen it. The 
appointments in the kitchenette were strictly functional, completely 
lacking any little female decorator touches. My guess was that Linda 
was just Les's girlfriend. She obviously did not live here.

I pulled Mary aside and whispered, "Are you sure you want to go 
through with this?"

"Don't worry," Mary whispered. "If I loose, I'll just have to give Les 
a blowjob, that's all, but I don't intend to loose."

This surprised me. Mary was not at all upset about having to give Les 
a blowjob?  Did this mean that Mary would not be upset if I got a 
blowjob from Linda?

Les had gotten out a deck of cards and was clearing off the coffee 
table so we could play around it. Linda asked if anyone wanted 
something to drink. Everyone was thirsty and Linda went to the 
refrigerator to get some sodas. Mary went to kitchenette to help and 
the two girls were talking softly as then poured the drinks. I suspected 
they were planning strategy for this game. 

Les came over said softly to me, "Look Larry, no limit poker is 
mostly a trapping game. If you get ahead, don't bet your big hands. 
Let the girls bet, then force them all in."

I nodded my agreement. This was what Mary had done to me the 
night we had played.

"One last thing," Les said. "Don't forget, we are a team. If you think 
you have me beat, don't be afraid to call me. I would rather loose to 
you than to the girls."

Linda and Mary brought over the sodas and we sat down around the 
coffee table. Mary sat at one end of the couch and I sat at the other 
end. Linda sat in a big chair at the end of the coffee table, while Les 
sat in a kitchen chair he placed on the other side of the table. With this 
low coffee table in the middle, you were clearly not going to be able 
to hide your losses under the table.

Les shuffled the cards and dealt out our first hand. As I reached for 
my cards, I realized my hands seemed to be shaking a little bit. What 
was the matter? Les and Linda had already seen me naked tonight. I 
could certainly take my clothes off in front of Linda, no big deal, but I 
was pretty sure what `favor' Linda would ask for if I lost, and I really 
didn't want to do that in front of Linda and Les.

I looked at my cards and was not too pleased with what I saw, a jack, 
eight, six, five, and a three. Then I noticed that except for the jack, 
they were all diamonds. My best shot was probably to draw one card 
and go for a flush.

Mary was the first to act and she pulled off one shoe and placed it on 
the coffee table to open, tossing the other shoe aside. We all quickly 
followed suite with our own shoes. Les took three cards. Mary and 
Linda both took two cards and I drew one.

Instead of another diamond, I got a black eight, so I now had a pair of 
eight's. With Mary and Linda each taking only two cards, this seemed 
to have little chance. 

Mary studied her cards only briefly, then announced, "I pass."

I passed as well, but Linda immediately stood up and reached under 
her short skirt and wiggled out of her panty hose. She dropped them 
on the table and said, "I'm opening for one."

Les looked at Linda who smiled back at him. He reached down and 
pulled off his socks, placing one on the table and tossing the other 
aside. 

"I'll see your bet," he said. 

Mary folded and so did I. 

"Ok, Linda, what have you got there," said Les.

Linda spread her cards on the table. 

"Three nines," she proudly announced. Linda dragged the clothes out 
of the middle of the table. She pulled her panty hose out of the pile 
and sipped back into them. As she pulled up her short shirt to get them 
on again, I got a nice clear view of her white low cut panties before 
they disappeared beneath the panty hose.

Mary was busy shuffling the cards and dealing out the next hand. In 
no limit, I realized it was important to win one of the early hands so 
you had a stack of clothes you could use to force other players all in. I 
needed to win a hand soon.

I picked up the cards Mary had dealt me, and they looked even worse 
than the last hand, no face cards at all, just a ten, nine, six, five, and a 
three. Well, I could discard the ten nine or the five and three and try to 
draw two cards to a straight, but I knew that was stupid. 

I was the first to act, so I passed. Linda passed also, but Les stood up 
and pulled off his shirt. 

"I'll open," he said as he dropped his shirt on the coffee table.

Mary and I put our socks in the pot. Linda pushed my shoe into the 
pot for her bet.

Les took one card. Everybody else took three cards. With Les having 
opened and taken only one card, he must have two pair. I looked at 
my three new cards, but they were no help. I had only a jack high. 

Les stood up and unfastened his pants. As he pulled them off, I could 
see a big bulge in his jockey shorts. Les dropped the pants on the table 
and sat down.

"I'm betting one," he said.

Mary studied Les for a few seconds, but folded. I folded. Linda threw 
her cards on the table in disgust and folded too. I guess both Mary and 
Linda knew Les had two pair and could not beat it.

Les pulled his shirt and pants back on while I shuffled the cards and 
dealt out the next hand. Les winning was certainly better than one of 
the girls, but I still needed to win a hand soon.

When I looked at my cards, I found a queen, jack, ten, eight, and a 
five. I could discard the five and try to draw an inside straight, but I 
knew that was a poor play. Still when I missed, I might be able to 
bluff that I had two pair, so maybe it would be ok.

Linda was the first to act, and she immediately pushed Les's shoe 
onto the table for her bet. I pulled off my shirt and dropped it on the 
table. Mary unfastened her blouse and added it to the pot. Les put 
Mary's sock in the pot. 

Everybody else took three cards. I decided to try to draw to the inside 
straight and took only one card. It, of course, didn't work. I got a two 
instead of the nine I needed. Since Linda had opened, I would be last 
to act, so I might be able to bluff I had two pair.

Linda had opened before the draw, but she shook her head and passed.

"I'm opening for one," Les said as he dropped my shoe on the table.

Mary studied Les carefully with her eyes. She breathed in deeply and 
let it out slowly.

"I'll call your bet," Mary said.

Mary stood up and unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it. Les was 
smiling as he watched Mary in her white lacey bra and panties drop 
her skirt on the table. 

I had been thinking about bluffing that I had two pair, but with Les 
and Mary both betting now, that didn't seem like a good idea at all, so 
I folded. Linda folded too.

"Ok, Les, what have you got there," said Mary.

Les smiled.

"Three threes," he said.

`Not good enough," beamed Mary. "Three sixes."

"Damn," Les said.

I had been hoping Les would win. Now everybody except me had 
won a hand. Now, I was in big trouble.

Mary pulled her tight fitting sweater blouse back over her head and 
then slipped back into her skirt, while Linda shuffled the cards and 
dealt out the next hand.

When I picked up my cards this time, I saw a pair of queens. This was 
better, but I would need a third queen or another pair to make this into 
a winner.

Les was the first to act, but he passed. Mary opened the betting with 
Les's shoe. I stood up and unfastened my pants. As I stepped out of 
them, I could see a little moist spot on my jockey shorts. I dropped my 
pants on the table and sat down quickly. Linda put Mary's shoes in the 
pot and Les opened with my socks.

Everyone took three cards. I looked at my three new cards, but they 
were no real help.  I still had just a pair of queens. I was beginning to 
appreciate Les comment about a few hands of bad cards getting you 
naked.

Mary had opened but she passed. I passed. Linda took another look at 
her cards, but passed. Les looked at all of us and shrugged.

"I have to pass too," Les said. "I only have an ace high."

"Pair of sixes," said Mary as she laid her cards on the table.

"Pair of queens," I said laying mine down.

"Damn" said Linda. "A pair of nines. I could have bluffed you out of 
that hand, but I was afraid Les would have something."

"It's easy to see what you should do when you can see everyone 
cards," laughed Les.

I grabbed my pants off the table and pulled them back on. Then I 
collected my other winnings, two shoes and a sock. It wasn't much, 
but it got me back to where I had started the game.

Les shuffled the cards and dealt out the next hand. Looking around I 
could see that Mary looked like she had one or two more pieces than 
the others did and Les had only the clothes he was wearing.

I picked up my cards and found a pair of eight's, a seven, a five and a 
two. Well, if I could get another eight, it might be a winner, but just a 
pair of eight's was probably no good.

Mary was the first to act and she passed. I had a pair, so I opened with 
Les's shoe. Mary and Linda tossed in items from their piles. Les took 
off his shirt and put it in the pile.

Everybody took three cards this time. I looked at my three new cards, 
but they were no help. I still just had a pair of eight's. 

I passed. Linda studied her cards for a few seconds, but passed also. 
Les quickly passed too. Mary studied her cards.

"I'll bet," Mary said, tossing a sock onto the coffee table.

I stared at Mary. She had passed the opening bet, so she didn't have a 
pair before the draw. She had drawn three cards, so she probably had 
one pair. If she was betting, I was pretty sure that her pair would beat 
a pair of eight's, so I folded.

Linda hesitated too, but folded. Les quickly folded. 

Mary smiled and pulled her winning off the coffee table. Now she 
clearly had more clothes than anyone else did. Les and I were clearly 
behind right now, and we needed to win some hands. 

Mary shuffled the cards and dealt out the next hand. I was wondering 
what Mary really had that last hand. Had Mary bluffed us?

I picked up my cards and saw a pair of sevens, a queen, a ten and a 
six. Unless I could improve on the draw, this hand was no better.

I was the first to act, so I opened with Mary's shoe. Mary quickly 
opened with shoes from her piles of clothes. Linda no longer had a 
clothes collection, but she was still wearing her shoes, so she took 
them off. Les took off his pants again and dropped them on the table. 

We all took three cards again. This time when I picked up my new 
cards there were two black eight's, so I now had two pair, seven's and 
eight's. With everyone taking three cards, that seemed like a pretty 
good hand. I picked up the last thing in my clothes pile, which 
actually looked like my sock, and tossed it into the pot.

"I'm opening for one," I said.

Linda studied me carefully. 

"I'm going to raise you three," Linda said.

Linda stood up and pulled her tight fitting knit blouse off over her 
head. Then she unzipped her short little skirt and let it fall the floor. 
She picked the skirt up and tossed it into the pot. Then she wiggled 
her panty hose down off her hips and pulled them down her legs. 
Linda dropped the panty hose on the table, then reached behind her 
back to unfasten her bra. After a few seconds of struggle, the clasp 
came free and Linda's bra slide down her arms freeing her pert 
breasts. Linda's breasts were certainly smaller than Mary's, but they 
looked like little volcano's spouting out of Linda's chest. Linda 
smiled at me then sat down. Her breasts bounced as she settled back 
into her chair. 

Les had been watching this show closely too. He smiled, shook his 
head.

"I have to fold," Les said.

Mary folded too. That left it up to me. I only had three items of 
clothes left, so I would have to go all in to see Linda's bet. Linda had 
drawn three cards, so the best she had before the draw was a pair, but 
she must have improved on the draw. I didn't think Linda would bet 
her bra unless she had a very good hand.

 "I have to fold too," I said.

"All right," Linda exclaimed as she pulled her bra back off the table 
and her breasts disappeared from view again. Les and I were now in 
big trouble. I had three pieces of clothes left and Les only had two. 
Mary and Linda both had piles of clothes. 

It was my turn to deal, so I shuffled the cards and dealt out another 
hand as Linda slowly got dressed again. I picked up my cards and saw 
two aces, plus a nine, eight and a six. This looked better than any 
other starting hand I had gotten in this game, but I would feel much 
better if I could improve it on the draw.

Since I had dealt, Linda had to act first, but she passed. Les passed 
too, but Mary opened with my shoe. I stood up and unfastened my 
pants. I stepped out of the pants and dropped them on the table. Linda 
tossed in a shoe from her collection. Les pulled off his undershirt and 
dropped it on the table. 

Everybody took three cards. I picked up my three new cards and saw a 
pair of jacks. Now I had two pair, aces and jacks. That sounded better 
to me than my two pair last hand, but if somebody had picked up three 
of kind on the draw I was dead. Still I only had two items of clothing 
left, and this was probably my best shot to win a hand.

"I'll open for one," I said and pulled off my undershirt. Now both Les 
and I were sitting there in only our jockey shorts and I suspected my 
shorts would be coming off in a minute too the way Linda was 
smiling at me.

"I'll raise you one," Linda said. She picked up a shoe and sock and 
placed them on the table, then smiled as she stared at the bulge in my 
shorts. 

"I fold," Les said with a disgusted look on his face.

Mary folded quickly and now it was my turn. Linda could have drawn 
three of a kind, but it was hard to tell. Last hand she had bet a lot of 
her clothes, including her bra. I figured she wouldn't have done that 
without a real good hand. This time she wasn't risking much, but she 
didn't need to either. With only my underpants left, I had to take the 
chance. 

"I'll see your bet," I said. 

I stood up and quickly pulled my shorts down to my ankles. My 
member popped out and Mary and Linda both cheered as I tossed my 
underpants on the table and sat down with my erection sticking up 
between my legs.

"Alright Larry," Linda giggled, her eyes focused on my lap. "What 
have you got there, other than what I can see."

"Two pair, aces and jacks," I said as a laid my cards on the table.

Linda shook her head and dropped her cards face up on the table. I 
could see only a pair of queens. I grabbed my underpants and slipped 
them back on. I pulled on my undershirt, and then slipped back into 
my pants. 

It was Linda's turn to deal, and as she shuffled the cards and dealt out 
this hand, I glanced around and realized that unless Les won this hand, 
he was out. Mary, Linda and I looked to be close to even in clothes 
count, and all slightly ahead. In stark contrast Les looked very 
uncomfortable in just his jockey shorts. If Les was out of the game 
after this hand, then I would have to play against both Linda and Mary 
on my own, and I didn't like that idea, so I was hoping Les would win 
this hand.

I picked up my cards and looked at an ace, king, queen, jack, and a 
seven, almost a straight. Should I try to draw for the straight or 
discard three? It wasn't an open ended straight, so I would have to 
draw a 10, so I didn't think that sounded like a good idea.

Les was the first to act, and he passed. Evidently he did not have 
anything, which was not a good start. Mary opened by tossing a shock 
on the table. I put Mary's shoe on the table for my opening bet. Linda 
put Les's pants on the table. I noticed that this was the last item in 
Linda's clothes collection. Of course, Linda still had her shoes on, 
since she had always won them back when she bet them.

Now it was Les's turn.

"Ok, this is it girls," Les said. "This is what you came here to see."

Les stood up and quickly pushed his shorts to his ankles. His erection 
stuck out but remained partially hidden until he stood up again to drop 
his shorts on the table. Both Mary and Linda were smiling and 
giggling. Les stood there pointing his member first at Mary then at 
Linda. 

"Better be careful where you aim that," said Mary. We all chucked.

Les finally sat down, with his erection sticking up between his legs for 
all to see. Everyone else took three cards, and I decided to take three 
too, rather than draw for the gut shoot straight. When I picked up my 
three new cards, I had another king, so I now had a pair of kings. That 
was good, but not great. 

Mary had opened so she had at least a pair of something, but after 
studying her cards she just said, "I pass."

 I toyed with the thought of betting, but decided against it and passed 
too. 

Linda looked first at me, then at Les, then shook her head and said, "I 
have to pass too."

"Well, I'm all in," said Les. "So I can't bet either. All I've got is a ace 
high, I don't suppose that's good, is it?"

"I've got a pair of threes," said Mary.

Linda didn't say anything, and dropped her cards on the table face 
down.

"I've got a pair of kings," I said. "Looks like I win again."

"Well, I'm out now," Les said. "So it's all up to you Larry."

"Yeah," said Linda. "Take a good look at Les. You're going to be 
dressed just like him in a minute." 

"Let's go girls," said Mary with a giggle.

"We'll see about that," I said, trying to sound much more confident 
that I actually felt.

It should have been Les's deal, but since he was out, Mary dealt the 
next hand. Having won the last hand, I realized that I now had a lot 
more clothes than either Linda or Mary. That should make me the 
favorite in this situation, right? Well, I sure didn't feel like the 
favorite. I knew that Mary was good at this game and I hadn't seen 
Linda do anything stupid, so I felt like it was two against one.

I picked up my cards and didn't like what I saw, a king, a ten, a five, a 
three, and a two. I wasn't going to strip Mary and Linda with junk like 
this unless I improved a lot on the draw.

I was the first to act so I checked. Linda checked too. 

"I can open," Mary announced, dropping a shock on the table.

I pushed a shoe from my pile onto the coffee table, and Linda took off 
her shoes again and put one on the table.

Mary and I took three cards, but Linda only took one. Linda had not 
opened, so she could not have two pair. She must be drawing to a 
straight or flush. I looked at my new cards, but they didn't do 
anything for me, so I just had a king high.

Mary frowned. "I pass," was all she said.

I quickly passed.

Linda shook her head. "No way I can bet this, so I pass too."

"Just a queen high," Linda added as she dropped her cards on the 
table.

"I've got a pair of fours," Mary said.

"I've got junk," I said as I tossed my cards on the table. 

"Great," said Mary. "It's a small start at stripping Larry, but I'll take 
it."

It occurred to me Mary was trying to rattle me, make me nervous, get 
me to make mistakes. Well, I wasn't going to let her do that.

"I should point out that I still have a bigger pile of clothes than you 
do," I said to Mary, trying not to sound nervous.

Mary handed me the cards to shuffle.

"A purely temporary status, I'm sure," Mary said.

I shuffled the cards and dealt out the next hand. When I picked up my 
cards, I found a pair of queens, a six, a four and a three. This was 
much better than the junk last hand, but I would need another queen or 
another pair to trap either Mary or Linda into betting a lot of clothes, 
so I had better hope for a good draw.

Linda was the first to act. "I can open," she said.

Linda stood up and pulled up her short skirt so she could get her panty 
hose off again. She turned around and wiggled her behind at me as she 
pushed the panty hose off her hips and down her legs. She stepped out 
of them and dropped them into the pot.

"I'll be getting these back in a minute, Larry," Linda said with a 
smile. "So then you get to watch me put them back on too."

Mary and I both placed shoes from our piles on the table for our bets.

Mary and I both took three cards, and Linda took one. Since Linda 
had opened this hand, she must have two pair. That would explain 
why she was so sure she would be getting her panty hose back. I 
picked up my three cards and looked at them. My heart jumped, and I 
had to fight to keep my expression calm. I had drawn a third queen, 
and Linda had two pair! Well, Linda had two pair unless she had 
drawn to a full house, but that was a chance I would have to take.

"Ok, I'm betting one," Linda said confidently. Linda stood up and 
pulled her tight fitting sweater blouse off over her head and laid it on 
the table.

"I'm folding," Mary said.

I studied Linda carefully. I had already decided to try to raise her all 
in, but I wanted her to think I wasn't sure what I should do.

"Want to see a little more of me, Larry" Linda asked coyly.

"Yes," I said. "As a matter of fact, I do. I'm raising you three."

"Ohh...," Linda said. "Larry wants to see all of me."

I pulled shoes and socks out of my pile and then tossed Les's pants in 
the pot for the last item.

"Ok," Linda said. "I'm going to let you see all of me, but get your 
eyeful quickly, cause I'm going to win it all right back."

Linda stood up and unzipped her short skirt. She let it fall to the floor, 
then reached down and placed it on the table. 

"Don't be so sure of yourself," said Les. "You don't know what 
Larry's got there."

Linda popped the catch on her bra and let it slide down her arms away 
from her breasts. 

"I've seen what Larry's got," Linda said. "I fact, I can see the bulge in 
his pants right now."

Mary giggled. 

"I like what I'm seeing," I said. "Keep going."

Linda dropped her bra on the table and placed her hands in the elastic 
band of her white low cut panties. Linda paused and smiled at me, 
then she began to slowly work her panties down. Finally, the top of 
her bush hair came into view. Either Linda naturally had very little 
hair or she had shaved most of it, because there was only a small 
patch of hair directly above her vaginal lips.

Linda bent down and quickly pushed her panties down to her ankles, 
then stepped out of them, and dropped them on the table. Then she 
held up her hands over her head in a V and spread her legs slightly so 
I had a clear view.

"Ok, Larry, now you've seen all of me," Linda said. "What cards have 
you got."

I smiled and spread my cards on the table.

"Three queens," I said.

"What!" Linda exclaimed throwing her cards down on the table. 
"How did you get that."

From her reaction I gathered that Linda only had two pair. Les 
reached out and turned over Linda's cards. 

"She's got two pair, aces and sixes," Les said. 

"Shit, I was sure Larry only had a pair," Linda complained. "What a 
lousy piece of luck."

"Good job Larry," Les said. "One down and one to go."

"You got lucky, Larry," Linda glared at me. "It won't happen twice."

I picked the cards up off the table and handed them to Mary.

"I dealt this hand, so I guess that makes it your deal now," I said. 

"Relax, Linda," Les said. "At least you had good cards, Larry just had 
better cards. It happens. I couldn't get any good cards, and look at 
me."

"Well, it's not going to happen again," Linda said as she sat down. 

"Hey, this chair is cold without any clothes on," Linda protested.

I started to clear my winnings off the coffee table, while Les went into 
one of the bedrooms to get something to put on the chair for Linda.

 I now had a huge pile of clothes, while Mary only had a modest 
collection. That ought to make me the clear favorite, since I could 
now force Mary all in before I let her win a hand. The only problem 
was it didn't really do any good to force Mary all in, if she had better 
cards. That would just transfer my whole pile to Mary. I had to be 
careful, and only force Mary all in when I had a chance of trapping 
her like I had trapped Linda. That, however, would not be easy. Linda 
was right. I had been lucky when I trapped her. 

Les came back with a blanket for Linda to sit on as Mary finished 
dealing out the cards.  I picked up my hand and looked at it. I had a 
pair of sevens, an eight, a four and a three. Well, I wasn't going to 
trap Mary with a pair of sevens, but if I could draw a third seven, I 
might.

Since I had a pair, I opened with a shoe. Mary put another shoe on the 
table for her opening bet. We both took three cards, but when I picked 
up my new card, there was no third seven, just an ace, a king and a 
jack. So with just a pair of sevens, I guess I had to let Mary win this 
pot.

"I pass," I said.

Mary studied me carefully, but then shook her head.

"I have to pass too," she said.

We both laid our cards on the table.

"I have a pair of sevens," I said.

"Only a pair of fives," Mary said.

"Every little bit counts," said Les. "Keep it up."

"Don't let Les rattle you," said Linda. "Be patient, wait for the good 
cards." 

I pulled the two shoes off the coffee table and gather up the cards. I 
shuffled and dealt out the next hand. This time I got another pair of 
queens. Well, if I could get the third queen again, I might be able to 
trap Mary, but I doubted that would happen again.

"I pass," Mary said, when she looked up from her cards.

"I can open," I said, tossing Les's shoe onto the table.

Mary put a sock into the pot for her bet. We both took three cards 
again. I got a king, a jack and a five, all diamonds, but that did not do 
any good. I still just had a pair of queens.

As I stared at my queens I thought, Mary didn't open, so she did not 
have a pair before the draw. Chances are the best she has got now is 
one pair. My pair of queens is probably better than whatever pair 
Mary has. 

"I'll bet one," I said as I pushed a second shoe onto the coffee table.

Mary only hesitated a second. "I fold," was all she said.

"Ok, we're on a roll now," said Les.

"No problem, Mary," said Linda. "Be patient, you'll get some good 
cards."

I pulled another winning pot off the table.  While I was winning, at 
this rate we were going to be here all night. I needed to find a way of 
trapping Mary into betting all her clothes on a losing hand. 

Mary gathered up the cards and dealt another hand. This time I just 
got an ace, a queen, a nine, an eight and a three. Hopefully, I can 
improve this one on the draw. 

With no pair, I passed. Mary, however, opened with Les's shirt. I put 
one of my shoes in the pot. 

We both took three cards. The draw didn't help me. I still had just an 
ace high hand. 

"I'm going to bet," Mary said, as she dropped my shirt into the pot.

Since Mary had opened, she must have a pair, and she knew I didn't 
have a pair before the draw. She probably still had just a pair, but I 
had nothing but junk, so it would be stupid to call this bet. It was clear 
Mary had me beat.

"I'm out," I said, dropping my cards on the table.

"That's the way, Mary," Linda said. "He's afraid of you now."

"He's not afraid of her," Les said. "He's just laying a trap for Mary."

"I think Larry just knew I had him beat, that's all," Mary said.

"You guys are acting silly," I said.

"Linda's just trying to put you on a tilt, so she does have to give you a 
blow job," Les said.

"Oh yeah," Linda protested. "And what is it that you're trying to 
avoid, huh..." Linda looked down at Larry's erection sticking up 
between his legs. "Don't want to do that in front of Mary, eh?"

"I'm not worried," Les said, but his voice betrayed a little 
nervousness. "Larry will have Mary stripped in no time."

"Well see about that," said Mary.

"You just sit back and watch Mary strip your partner," Linda said.

It was my turn to deal, so I shuffled the cards and dealt out another 
hand. This time I got two nines, a queen, five and two. If I could draw 
a third nine, I might be able to trap Mary with this hand, but just a pair 
of nines wasn't worth much.

Since I had dealt this hand, Mary was the first to act. 

"I can't open," Mary said when she looked up from her cards.

I could open, so I tossed Les's shoe on the table. Mary quickly put 
another shoe on the table. I took three cards and Mary drew only one. 
When I looked at my three new cards, there was no third nine, but 
there were two aces. Now I had two pair, aces and nines. Mary 
probably had two pair two, because she had drawn one. No that 
wasn't right. Mary hadn't opened, so she must have been drawing to a 
straight or flush. If she had made it, she had me beat, but she had 
probably missed. She probably had nothing or one pair at best. Maybe 
I could get her to bluff at me. She would not suspect that I had two 
pair.

"I pass," I said, trying to look as disgusted as possible with my cards.

Mary stared into my eyes, then reached down and grabbed my shirt 
and threw it on the table.

"I'm betting one," Mary said.

Well, I had gotten Mary to bet. Now I had to hope she didn't have a 
straight or flush.

"I'm raising you...." I quickly added up how many clothes items Mary 
had. "...five."

I pulled shoes, socks and shirts out of my pile and stacked them on the 
table.

Mary stared at me intently. She finally shook her head.

"Too rich for me," Mary said. "I'm out."

"Good job Larry," Les said. "Mary hasn't got the guts to bet it all."

"I know how to bet it all," Mary replied. "And I know that wasn't the 
hand."

My trap had almost worked, but Mary was too careful to bet all her 
clothes on one pair or maybe nothing at all. Maybe I would have to 
win her clothes one at a time. She only had one shirt left in her pile, 
but we would be here all night if I had to do that.

Mary shuffled the cards and dealt out the next hand. I picked up my 
cards and my heart skipped a beat. I had a full house! I had three jacks 
and two sixes. Now I could strip Mary with this hand! But wait a 
minute. When I drew zero cards, Mary would know that something 
was up and she would never bet all her clothes after I had drawn zero 
cards, so what good was this hand?

"I can open," I said tossing a shoe on the table. Mary added Les's shirt 
for her opening bet. That was Mary's last item, other than the clothes 
she was wearing.

It was my turn to draw. If I took no cards, I could never get Mary to 
bet. If I discarded the sixes and drew two, then Mary would suspect I 
had three of kind. Then it occurred to me. Discard one card. Mary will 
figure I have two pair. If Mary gets a high two pair or a low three of a 
kind, maybe I can trap her. It seemed unlikely it would work, but it 
was the best I could think of.

I took one card and Mary took three. Well at least a pair was the best 
Mary had before the draw.

I looked at my new card. It was a five. So now I just had three jacks. I 
had opened, so I had to act first. If I bet a lot, Mary would probably 
just fold. I decided to see if Mary liked her hand well enough to bet.

"I pass," I said, trying not to give away my hand with my voice.

Mary studied me for a few seconds, then she pulled her sweater 
blouse off over her head and deposited it on the table.

"I betting one," Mary said.

My eyes met Mary's then drifted down to her white lacy bra.

"I think Larry want's to see your tits," giggled Linda.

Mary just smiled back at me. Mary must think I have two pair and she 
is betting anyway. She drew three cards. What kind of hand does she 
have now?

"I'll raise you three," I said, trying not to sound too confident, which 
actually wasn't that hard. I was beginning to wonder if I had beaten 
myself by throwing away a full house. I found four shoes or socks 
from my pile and tossed them on the table.

Mary sat there staring at me for a very long time. Just when I was 
beginning to think she would fold again, she suddenly stood up.

"Ok, guys," Mary said. "If a show is what you want, I guess I'll have 
to give you one."

Mary unzipped her skirt and stepped out of it, tossing it onto the 
coffee table. Then she reached back and unfastened the catch on her 
bra. She held the bra to her chest with one hand while she threaded the 
straps off first one arm then the other. Then she looked at me and then 
Les.

"Ta...da..." Mary said as she pulled her bra away from her breasts. 
Mary pushed her chest forward as her breasts bounced a little now that 
they were freed from the confines of her bra. Mary's breasts were 
clearly bigger than Linda's. While Linda's breasts were topped with 
small erect nipples, Mary had much bigger nipples, which were also 
erect.

"Like what you see guys," Mary asked.

"That mouse in Les's lap is certainly standing at attention," Linda 
gigled.

Les tried to cross his legs, but his erection was still sticking up for all 
to see. Mary wiggled her breasts at us, then placed her thumbs under 
the waistband of her panties and slowly pushed them down while 
wiggling her hips. She had a much bigger bush than Linda, which 
quickly came into view. Mary worked the panties down to her thighs, 
then stepped out of them one leg at time. She held her panties up and 
dropped them on the table. Then she turned around bent over and 
wiggled her butt at Les and myself. 

"Ok," Mary said standing up. "That's enough of a show for you 
guys." 

Mary reached down and flipped her cards over on the table.

"I've got three tens, so I'll get dressed again now," Mary said.

"Way to go," said Linda.

"Just a minute," I protested. Mary had already grabbed her panties and 
was starting to put them back on.

"I've got three jacks," I said.

"What?" Mary exclaimed. "How could you have three jacks." Mary 
leaned over to look at my cards. "A full house or a straight maybe, but 
three jacks?"

"Alright Larry," Les beamed. "You did it."

"What did you do Larry?" Mary asked. "Did you have three jacks and 
only discard one card to fool me?"

"It sure looks like that's what he did," Les said. "Great play. Where 
did you learn that?"

I smiled. I wasn't going to tell them I really had a full house.

"It just came to me on the spur of the moment," I said.

Mary dropped her panties back on the floor, shaking her head in 
disbelief.

"Sorry, Linda," she said. "I tried my best. Larry was just too good for 
us tonight."

"Ah...yes," Les said to Linda. "Larry does seem to have won, and you 
do seem to have lost, so are you ready to give Larry his...a... prize."

"I...guess so," Linda said looking at me. "What favor did you have in 
mind, as if I have to ask."

I looked at Mary and then at Linda.

"Oh," Linda said. "We don't have to do it in front of them. We can do 
it in the bedroom, if you like."

After seeing all these naked women tonight, I really needed some 
relief soon, but did I want a blowjob from Linda? Mary had to do 
what I asked for the rest of the evening too, so why get a blowjob 
from Linda. Of course, Mary was the only girl who had ever given me 
one, and she was just learning how to do it. Linda probably had a lot 
more experience and Mary didn't seem too upset with the idea. I 
would probably never get another chance like this. Still, something 
about it didn't seem right. 

"I don't think I want a blowjob," I said.

Linda looked astonished. 

"I have never had a guy refuse an offer of a blowjob before," she said. 
"Did I hear you correctly?"

"Yeah, I don't want a blowjob," I repeated.

"Mary must give one heck of a blowjob," Linda said. "Ok, what do 
you want?"

"I...want you...to play with yourself," I said.

Linda's cheeks started to turn pink.

"You want what?" Linda said.

"I want you to do yourself," I repeated.

"He wants you to Jill off," Les said. "You do know how to do that, 
don't you?"

"What do you think," Linda shot back at Les. "Of course I know how 
to do it, just not with an audience."

"Well, if you girls had won, that's what you were going to ask one of 
us to do, so fair is fair." Les said. 

"But guys are different," Linda said. "After seeing Mary and me 
naked, I bet if I just touched your thing there, you'd shoot all the way 
across the room. With girls, it's different. I don't think I can do it with 
an audience."

"I bet you can," Les said. "I'll get one of your favorite porno tapes, 
and you can watch it while you try."

Linda was now clearly embarrassed that Les had said she liked porno 
tapes, but Les disappeared back into the bedroom and came back with 
a tape. Les cleared his chair from in front of the TV and popped the 
tape into a VCR. 

"Ok, Linda," Les said. "Just forget that we're here, and remember, no 
faking it."

"Boy, I thought all guys wanted blowjobs," Linda said, shaking her 
head. 

The tape finally started playing. I had only seen two porno tapes 
before. One at a friend's house in high school and another at a party 
the second week I was at college. Those tapes had just been pictures 
of couples screwing. This tape was a little more complex. It at least 
attempted some sort of plot about a lonely woman who keeps 
fantasizing about sex with the pool guy. Most of the tape was her 
daydreams about what she wanted to do with the pool guy, but never 
actually did, intermixed with scenes of her playing with herself.

At first Linda just watched the tape, but then her right hand reached 
down and she stroked herself, like the actress on the tape. Finally she 
brought her other hand down and spread her vaginal lips and placed 
her finger directly on her clitoris. Linda spread her legs and settled 
back in the soft chair and began to slowly massage her clitoris. 

While the actress on the tape was pushing her fingers deep inside her, 
while fantasizing about wild orgies, Linda simply rubbed herself 
faster and breathed deeper. Then Linda spread her legs even wider and 
began to moan softly as her hand rubbed harder. Linda's eyes were 
closed, and I don't think she was watching the tape anymore. I had 
stopped watching the tape also, with my attention riveted on Linda. I 
glanced over at Mary and Les. Both of them had their eyes glued to 
Linda also. 

Linda's vaginal lips were spread wide and looked swollen. Her finger 
was firmly planted on her clitoris and rubbing furiously and below 
that the pink inner reaches of the vulva were clearly visible. Linda 
began to moan more loudly. All I could think about was how long it 
was taking her. If I had been stroking myself like that, I would have 
cum a long time ago. Then Linda let out a deep moan and began to 
rub even faster. Suddenly, Linda arched her back and moaned deeply. 
She rolled first right and then left, pulling her legs together with her 
fingers still firmly planted on her clitoris. The look of pain and ecstasy 
on her face almost made my pants explode. Linda now was gently, but 
firmly massaging her clitoris, moaning and breathing deeply. She 
slowly relaxed, lying on her side in the chair with her hand still 
between her legs.

I glanced over at Mary who was still staring at Linda. When I turned, 
Mary looked at me and our eyes met.

"I knew you could do it," Les said.

Linda still looked a little out of it, but she raised her head and looked 
at us. 

"I can't believe I just did that," she said and put her head back down.

Les went over kissed Linda on the cheek then disappeared into his 
bedroom. He emerged after a few seconds and said. 

"You two can use my roommates bedroom," Les said pointing to the 
other bedroom. "He won't mind. Just make the bed and straighten up 
before you leave in the morning."

Linda now stood up and looked at us.

"I hope you enjoyed that," Linda said shaking her head. "All I can say 
is Mary must really give dynamite head."

"Oh, and just in case you need it, here," Les said shoving a rubber into 
my hand. 

"I think I know what you want big boy," Linda said looking down at 
Les's erection.

"Just close the door when you leave in the morning," Les said as he 
led Linda into his bedroom. "It will lock behind you."

I turned and looked at Mary. 

"I think I know what you want too," Mary smiled at me. "Let's get 
those pants off."

I led Mary into the bedroom, unfastened my pants and pulled them off 
on the floor. I ripped off my undershirt and pulled off my underpants. 
Mary came towards me, and I pulled her tightly against me, my 
erection pushing against Mary's stomach, her breasts pressing on my 
chest. I pulled her head back and kissed her on the lips, my tongue 
gently probing her mouth. 

I lay back on the bed with my legs spread wide. Mary climbed up on 
the bed between my legs. Mary smiled and then reached out with her 
tongue and ran it from the base of my penis up to the most sensitive 
lip of the head. Then she opened her mouth and slipped it around the 
head. Mary slowly slide her tongue down the underside of my 
erection, while drawing it further into her mouth. Mary slowly bobbed 
her head up and down, her tongue sliding across the head and her lips 
tightening around the shaft. In less than a half dozen stokes, I 
exploded in her mouth. Mary kept stoking till I pulled her head back, 
because I had become too sensitive.

Mary gave me a funny smile, then climbed up over me and kissed me 
on the mouth. As our tongues met, a felt a salty, milky taste in my 
mouth. I looked at Mary and then I realized what it was. Mary 
giggled. 

"See, it really doesn't taste that bad," Mary said.

"No, I guess not," I said.

"I'll be right back," Mary said. She jumped off the bed and ran into 
the bathroom. I heard the water run, and she came back and sat down 
on the bed. 

"Why did you turn down Linda's offer?" Mary said. "I can't really be 
that good."

I looked at Mary. 

"I don't know," I said. "I think you do great, and that's all that 
matters."

"But why not give Linda a try?" Mary asked.

"I don't really know," I said. "It just didn't feel like the right thing to 
do."

Mary stared at me silently for a few seconds.

"If I had given Les a blowjob, would you have been jealous?" Mary 
asked.

"I wouldn't have been happy," I said. "I'm not sure."

Mary stared at me for several more seconds. 

"I'm glad I didn't have to," she said.

"You want to sleep here, or go back to your dorm?" I asked.

Mary did not answer immediately, but sat on the bed next to me and 
stared down into my eyes.

"Did you like watching Linda do it?" Mary asked.

"Of course," I said. "Didn't you?"

"Would you like to watch me?" Mary asked, her right hand reaching 
down between her legs. The evening's actives had made her just as 
excited as it had made me. 

I sat up and kissed Mary on the lips.

"No...I don't want to watch you," I said. "I want to help you."

I pushed Mary on her back and spread her legs. I reached out and 
spread her vaginal lips. Mary was dripping with anticipation. I ran my 
tongue through the salty, musty liquid myrrh and when it reached the 
apex of feminine carnal passion, Mary's moans left no doubt of its 
veiled hiding place. Having found that tiny ball of concentrated nerve 
endings, I gently ran my tongue back and forth across its hidden lair. 

"Oohhhh....yes, yes," Mary moaned and she gently pushed my head 
down harder.

As my tongue pushed at the gates of her passion, I looked up between 
the peaks of her breasts at the sweet tension rolling through her face 
and body.

"Faster...faster..." Mary pleaded. 

My tongue strained to comply, rubbing ever faster against the portal 
of her desire. 

"Ooohhhh...." Mary cried. Her back arched and her body began to 
twist from side to side.

While my tongue struggled to find its shifting mark, I looked up to see 
that look of supreme agony and ecstasy painted on Mary's face. There 
is no sight like the look on a woman's face in that brief moment which 
lies between wanton lust and heavenly release, between the cravings 
of the flesh and the peace of the angles, the moment when all the 
carnal demons are exorcised from a woman's sole, and she is rendered 
pure again.

"Oh...God...yes..." Mary moaned as she flopped over on her side. 

As her body began to relax, I slowed my tongue to just a gentle 
massage until Mary pushed my head away. I climbed up and kissed 
Mary on the cheek, then lifted her head and kissed her on the lips.

"Oh, God, Larry...you're the only one."

I sat up and grabbed the blanket and pulled it over us, then I lay down 
next to Mary and took her in my arms.

Continued in Chapter 13

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or suggestions are 
welcome. I try to answer all my email, although I sometimes get 
behind. MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
