As Seth entered the room, he saw the miner fondling the firm young breasts of the naked teenage slave for sale.  As he played and pulled on the erect little pink nipples, the girl gasped and moaned but made no attempt to resist.

"She is a fine piece of fuck meat" Seth said as the miner's hand went between the girl's legs and rubbed and fingered the small, tight hole. "But I don't think she is your best option. Let me show you an animal I think would fit your needs more."

The miner's anticipation dissolved when Seth had a middle aged, much less attractive woman brought in.

"I know what you're thinking. Why would I want this old piece of pussy when I could have a nice young firm fuck? For one thing, I can let you have her for a lower price. Also, she will actually meet your needs better. You will see there is not much difference in their use for fucking."

As Seth pushed the young girl to her knees, he told the miner to stick his cock into her mouth but not to climax in her mouth. As he held the back of her head, the girl moved her mouth up and down the shaft of his cock as she rubbed his balls.

When he said he was about ready to explode, Seth pulled the girl to her feet by her hair and pushing her over a chair, told the miner to fuck her until he came but only once. Pumping in and out of her, he held back for as long as he could before he let loose and felt the semen shooting out of him and into her.

Pulling the girl away, Seth instructed the older woman to kneel and to also suck the miner's cock. When the miner was about to climax again, the woman also leaned over a chair and was fucked until the prospective buyer unloaded his spunk into her.

As the two slaves were lead out of the room by an assistant, Seth asked "Was there any real difference in the sucking and fucking? Isn't one mouth and pussy about the same as any other? But there is additional value to the old whore.  Come outside with me and I'll show you."

Going outside, the miner saw that each of the two beasts had been harassed to a sled and two naked women with whips were standing by them.

"There is 200 pounds of weight on each sled. This is about what a load of ore weighs in your mine. Now you will see why the older one may be better?'

Nodding his head, the two women cracked the whips and order the animals to pull the weights across the yard.  Struggling, they started to pull but not fast enough as the whips fell on their backs, raising welts and cuts.
"Pull, you stupid whore, pull. You lazy, worthless animal" as the whips fell again.

With sweat pouring off her body and into the welts on her back, the older woman struggled as she pulled but was able to keep moving, dragging her load.
The teenager was not so lucky. After dragging her load 20 or 30 feet, she could go no further and fell to the ground. Her driver stood over her and brought the whip down on her again and again, ordering her to get up and pull. She could not and laid there screaming in pain as she was flogged until she lost consciousness from the beating.

The woman continued to pull and brought the load back to Seth and the miner. She was whipped whenever she slowed down but stayed on her feet and kept pulling.

As the teenager was unhooked from her load and dragged away, still unconscious, the woman was unhooked and her whipped back shown to the miner. Pushed over a fence, the miner was invited to fuck her again. Pounding into her, the miner was aroused by the welts on her and the sense of power he felt over her.

"Now, I'll agree the young one is prettier and more desirable but she is really only good for fucking. This one you can work and whip all day and fuck her all night. Maybe she can even make you the money to buy a useless fuck slut and she can just be a work animal."
