Emma the Gymnast
by wayne3218

Emma the Gymnast. Pt. 01

Emma was a very popular champion gymnast and had won plenty of championships. For the last six years, she had trained four times a week. Her body was perfect for doing gymnastics, she was five foot two inches tall with a very slim frame and lovely small A cup breasts. Her long brown hair was always tied up in a ponytail and would swing around as she did cartwheels and jumps.

Two days after she had turned eighteen, she had no idea her whole world was about to change. It was the end of the day and she had just finished training and was still in her leotards. When the head instructor Steven called her into his office and asked her to sit down in front of his desk.

“Emma I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.” The instructor told her.
 
“What's... wrong?” Emma stammered.
 
“You have done nothing wrong… it’s just that now you have turned eighteen you can’t train at the club anymore,” Steven explained.
 
Emma knew that she was one of the oldest gymnasts at the club but didn’t see that as a problem. She sat there stunned and in shock.

“You don’t want me to come to the club anymore?” Emma asked with tears in her eyes.

It’s just that the top gymnasts are younger… and the club’s insurance doesn’t cover you anymore,” Steven explained.

“There aren’t any other clubs that I can train at,” Emma bawled.

“I’m sorry there is nothing I can do… and your body isn’t as flexible as it use to be,” Steven said.

“I'm not fat, and I can still do everything that is asked of me.” Emma pleaded.
 
“I'm sorry but the decision has been made.” He tells a crying Emma.
 
“Isn't there anything I can do… I will do anything to change your mind?” Emma begged.
 
As Steven sits there staring at her, Emma feels his eyes undressing her and he grins and declares, “There may be one way you can stay at the club.”

“What do I have to do… I do anything?” Emma screams.

Steven steps out from the back of his desks and moves over to beside Emma and puts his hand on her leg and said, “If your willing to look after the staff and help out with training the club could employ you.”

“I will do anything to stay at the club,” Emma replied.

“Are you sure you’re willing to do anything the staff asks you to do?” Steven asked as his hand rubs the inside of her thigh.

Emma clamps her legs together catching Steven’s hand from going any further up her thigh.

“If your not interested that’s okay… just clean out your locker,” Steven blurts.

“I want to stay here, please,” Emma pleaded and then opens her legs.

Steven slides his hand up and down the inside of her thigh and said, “You are a beautiful woman and the club could use someone with your experience.”

Emma lets out a gasp as she feels the head instructor’s fingers brush over her leotard covered cunt.

Steven smiles when Emma doesn’t protest and asked, “Emma are you a virgin?”

Emma blushed and blurts, “No I'm not… what does my sex life have to do with the club?”
 
“There are a lot of very sexy young girls training at the club... and sometimes the instructors get, well let's say they get frustrated and need some relief,” Steven explains as he continued to rub her cunt.
 
“What are you asking me to do?” Emma asked as she lifts his hand away from her cunt.

“If you could give sexual relief to the instructors and release their sexual tension that would be great,” Steven replied as he places his hand back on her thigh.
 
“You want me to have sex with the other instructors? Emma fumed.

She sat there in shock and in disbelief at being asked to have sex with the staff, she was no stranger to having sex with others her age but the instructors were much older.

You would be paid and employed by the club… and could train as much as you want,” Steven replied.

“How much would I be paid?” Emma curiously asked,

“You would be paid by the hour, the more you worked the more money you would be paid… plus you would be paid a bonus,” Steven replied as his fingers ran over her cunt.

Emma sat there in silence as Steven rubbed her cunt thinking on what to do and then asked, “Will I still be able to compete in competitions?”

“Yes you would,” Steven replied as he pressed his finger against her leotard.

Steven could see she and feel that Emma was becoming excited there was a wet patch on her leotard and her nipples were pressing against her leotard. When Steven cupped her breast in his hand and gave them a squeeze Emma mumbled, “Okay I will do whatever you want.”

“That's wonderful,” Steven replied and as he started to pull down the zipper on her leotard he said, “Why don’t you remove your leotard and I will find you a staff uniform.”

Emma stood up and removed the shoulder straps and lowered her leotard down her body, exposing her small breasts. Steven stood there holding a shirt and pair of shorts staring at her hard pointy nipples. Emma slipped her leotard down to her ankles and stepped out of them. When she stood back up she reached out for the shirt and shorts Steven was holding.

“Wait let me get a good look at you first,” Steven said after putting the shorts and shirt onto his desk.

After staring at her freshly shaven cunt for a couple of minutes Steven moved over to beside Emma and started running his hands over her body as he rubbed her breast her nipples grew bigger after giving each breast a squeeze, he ran his hand down between her legs and felt her wet cunt.

“Oh, Emma your cunt is already wet,” Steven moaned.

When he pushed his finger inside deep inside her wet cunt and gave his finger a few pumps Emma let out a low moan and reached out and placed her hands on his shoulders to steady herself. Steven moved Emma over to his desk and had her lean against the desk.

“Spread your legs and let me get a good look at your cunt,” Steven instructed.

Emma did as instructed and knew Steven was standing looking at her looking at her ass and bald cunt. She then felt his hands squeezing her ass-cheeks and then felt his fingers running over her wet cunt. She started moaning as Steven started pumping his fingers in and out of her cunt.

“Don’t move, stay in that position,” Steven said.

Emma tried looking behind her and gasped as she saw Steven’s shorts drop around his ankles after he had stepped out of them he moved behind Emma and pressed his hard cock against her cunt. Steven pushed his cock hard against Emma’s cunt he was surprised how tight her cunt was and as he began thrusting his cock in and out of her cunt Emma laid her head down on the desk.

Steven held Emma by her hips as he increased the pace of his thrusts he was now pounding her cunt with hard thrusts and pulling her backward each time.
Emma was panting for breath and her body shuddered as she had an orgasm, she would hate to admit that she was enjoying being fucked this way.

After she had another orgasm she let out a scream as she felt Steven’s cock spurting inside her. What Emma didn’t know was there had been another instructor come into the office and he had undressed and waited for his chance to fuck his former sexy student.

As soon as Steven pulled his cock out of her cunt Emma felt another cock being shoved into her wet cum filled cunt. Emma, immediately she knew it was someone else as the cock was a lot smaller than Steven’s cock. She felt the desk being cleared and then someone grabbed her hands and pulled her across the desk and had a soft wet cock in her face.

“Suck my cock and make it hard again,” Steven yelled.

Emma opened her mouth and let Steven push his soft wet cock into her mouth, as she started sucking on his cock her cunt was being pounded at the other end. Here she was having her very first threesome and she had never imagined it would be with two older men.

She had no idea who it was that was fucking her from behind all she knew was he had a smaller cock than Steven, it felt like boys cock surely they wouldn’t let a boy fuck her. As she laid there on the table being fucked she made up her mind as soon as the next championships were over she was going to retire.


Emma the Gymnast. Pt. 02

As Emma’s cunt was being pounded from behind, the head instructor’s cock started to expand and become hard inside her mouth. It wasn’t long before she was being furiously fucked at both ends of her slim young body. Steven the head instructor was pumping his hard thick cock in and out of her mouth at a maddening pace and the stranger fucking her cunt from behind was slamming his small cock in and out of her cunt at a furious pace.

This was all a new experience to Emma, she had never been fucked like this before and she was still trying to grasp and understand why she had agreed to be a slut for the club. She had always dreamed of starting her own gymnastics club after she had retired from competition. So if she had to accept being fucked by the club instructors to achieve her dream she would let them all fuck her and treat her like a whore.

“Fuck, I’m cumming… oh fuck yes,” screamed the stranger.

As Emma felt the stranger's cum shooting into her cunt, she tried to remember where she had heard the strangers voice before. Her thoughts were interrupted when Steven slammed his cock deep into her mouth and kept it there.

When his cock exploded and started filling her mouth with cum, Emma swallowed as fast as she could but it wasn’t fast enough. Some cum escaped from the side of her mouth and ran down her chin and dripped onto the floor. As she started to gag some of Steven’s cum ran out of her nose and back into her mouth.

With Steven now having finished cumming, he slipped his limp cock out of Emma’s cum filled mouth and sat down at the desk in front of her. After Emma had swallowed Steven’s hot cum she wiped her mouth with her arm and then turned to see who the stranger was.

“Jackson… “ Emma screamed as she looked at him in surprise.

“Hello Emma, I’m happy to hear that we’re going to be working together… now that you have accepted Steven’s offer,” Jackson chuckled.

It had only been a couple of months ago that Jackson who was twenty and a top gymnast, had been helping Emma do some stretches that she had felt his hand touching her body inappropriately. At first, she had thought it had been her imagination only to realize later on when she saw him standing watching her taking a shower that it had been on purpose.

“Jackson has also agreed to come work at the club,” Steven chuckled as he gave Jackson’s ass-cheek a squeeze.

Emma looked at the head instructor staring at Jackson’s naked body with lust in his eyes. She had seen the same look in his eyes when she had undressed in front of him an hour ago.

Steven said, “Emma, that will be all for today… I will see you tomorrow.”

As Emma pulled on her leotard, Steven said, “Jackson, I need you to stay back a little longer.”

When Emma turned back and said, “Goodnight,” the last thing she saw was before closing the door was Jackson kneeling down on the floor.

Emma had previously heard a lot of rumors about the male instructors having sex with their male students. At first, she didn’t believe the rumors and it was only after she had walked in on a teacher fucking one of the students that she knew the rumors were true.

That night in her bed Emma tossed and turned as she tried to get to sleep. She couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened to her and how she would be required to let it happen again. As she ran her fingers over her itchy cunt she was surprised on how wet her cunt was and as she started thinking about how much she had enjoyed being fucked by the head instructor, she pushed her fingers into her cunt and began to finger fuck herself.

The next morning when Emma woke up she quickly got dressed and headed to the club. When she entered the staff lounge she saw Mr. and Mrs. Wood two of the clubs instructors sitting at a table having a coffee. They were married and had been Emma’s instructors ever since she first joined. When they saw Emma the both stood up and moved over to her.

“Congratulations on being offered employment with the club,” Mrs. Wood said and then gives Emma a kiss on her cheek.

“We are delighted that you have offered to help us,” Mr. Woods blurted and then gave Emma a cuddle and squeezed her ass-cheeks.

“Good morning Mrs. and Mr. Wood,” Emma replied.

“Please call us by our first names, Bill and Anne… now that you’re going to be spending a lot more time together,” said Mrs. Wood.

“Did Steven, explain to you, what you need to do?” Bill asked.

“Yes he did,” Emma replied nervously as she realized that she had agreed to have sex with the other instructors.

“Steve told us all about your interview with him,” Anne said.

“Yeah, he told us how much he enjoyed fucking you,” blurted Bill.

“Oh, he told you about that happening,” Emma replied.

Bill placed his hand on Emma’s shoulder, and said, “He told us about how you let Jackson fuck you as well.”

“He told you about Jackson?” Emma mumbled.

“Yes he did,” Bill chuckled.

After Anne had pulled down the back zipper of the dress she slipped Emma’s dress off her shoulders and let the dress slip down to the floor and around her ankles. Emma stood there with her small breasts exposed to the married couple’s gaze.

“We have always admired your beautiful body,” said Anne as she ran the palms of her hands over Emma’s small pert breasts.

Emma stood there not moving or saying anything, it was as if she was an animal caught in a trap.

“We have always enjoyed watching you train and perform… you have a very beautiful body,” Anne moaned as she squeezed Emma’s breast.

Bill leaned down and took the sides of Emma’s panties and slipped them down to around her ankles. When he stood back up, he helped Emma step out of her dress and panties and move over to the couch where she sat down. When Bill sat down beside her he began rubbing his hand slowly up the inside of her thigh.

As Bill’s fingers rubbed over her cunt, Emma parted her knees letting him have better access to her freshly shaven cunt. It had become a ritual for Emma to shave her cunt every morning as she showered ever since she started growing pubic hair.

When Bill pushed his finger deep inside her cunt Emma gasped and let out a low pitched moan and closed her eyes. As Bill pumped his fingers in and out of her cunt he used his thumb to rub her clit making her gasp and squeal. Her small breasts raised and fell with each deep breath she took and she moaned, “Oh fuck yes… keep doing that you’re making me cum.

Anne turned Emma’s face to the side and gave her a kiss on her mouth and then a longer more passionate kiss, pushing her tongue into Emma’s mouth. When Emma reached out to pull Anne’s body against her, she felt Anne’s naked body against hers.

Emma’s eyes flew open and she pulled their mouths apart and gazed at the middle-aged woman’s firm breasts. She then reached out and began to fondle and squeeze Anne’s breasts and then leaned over and took Anne’s large hard nipple into her mouth and began to suckle on Anne’s breast like a newborn baby.

While this had been happening Bill had removed his finger from Emma’s wet shaven cunt and had moved his mouth onto her cunt, sucking up her sweet tasting nectar into his mouth. When Anne placed Emma’s hand onto her mature aged cunt, Emma immediately began to rub and finger fuck Anne.

As Bill’s tongue penetrated her cunt, Emma lifted her mouth of Anne’s nipple and screamed, “Yes, keep tongue fucking me… you’re going to make me cum.”

With her free hand, Emma pressed down on Bill’s head, pushing his mouth hard against her wet cunt. After Anne had moved Emma’s mouth back onto her nipple, Bill lifted his mouth of Emma’s cunt and screamed, “Get onto your hands and knees.”

After Emma had removed her mouth of Anne’s breast and removed her fingers from Anne’s cunt. Emma rolled over onto her hands and knees, Anne giggled as she asked, “Emma, have you ever licked a cunt before?”

Emma lied and shook her head, she had fooled around with a girlfriend years ago, Anne chuckled, as she pulled Emma’s head between her legs and screamed, “Well you can practice licking my cunt.”

Bill was now behind Emma and was rubbing his hard pulsating cock up and down her wet cunt lips and then with one thrust drove his cock deep into her cunt. Emma tried to scream but all she managed was a muffled moan as Anne pressed down on the back of her head, pushing her mouth against Anne’s mature-aged soaking wet cunt.

“Keep fucking licking my cunt… don’t you dare stop,” Anne yelled.

With Bill now holding onto Emma’s hips, he slammed his cock in and out of her cunt and when he heard the students coming into the club. Bill increased the pace of his thrusts and started to furiously fuck Emma’s cunt. Anne was close to having an orgasm and grabbed Emma’s head by her hair and started grinding Emma’s face and mouth against her cunt.

It was as if Anne and Bill were in a race to see who could cum first and it was nearly a dead heat when Anne screamed she was cumming and Bill’s cock erupted inside Emma’s cunt. Bill quickly pulled out his cock and milked out the last few drops of cum over Emma’s ass-cheeks.

As Bill was wiping his cock clean, one of the parents with his daughter beside him knocked on the door and opened it. When he saw the three naked bodies and Bill holding his limp cock he quickly closed the door much to his daughter’s disgust.

Emma laid there on the floor exhausted as Anne stood up and grabbed a washcloth and after giving her face and cunt a quick wash she dried herself and dressed, and followed her husband into the hall to the waiting parents and junior gymnasts.


Emma the Gymnast. Pt. 03

Emma lifts her naked exhausted body up off the floor and is busy washing her face when Steven the head instructor walks into the staff lounge and he grins knowing that Emma has just been fucked by a couple of the staff.

“You better hurry up and get dressed you're needed out on the gymnasium floor the students have started to arrive,” said Steven.
 
With Steven watching her, Emma quickly pulls on the shorts and top that Steven has provided her with. She immediately feels how tight they are and looks in the mirror. The shorts have pushed her cunt lips apart and have formed a cameltoe and the top she has on clearly shows off her hard nipples.

“The shorts and top are too tight… I need a larger size,” Emma pleads.

“They will be okay for today, now go and help the staff,” Steven barks.

Emma heads out to the gymnasium and after talking with the instructors is told to help a group of new girls how to tumble correctly. As she instructs the girls she can feel their parents watching and staring at her and starts to notice that some of the fathers have hard cocks from looking at her demonstrating how to tumble.

The other instructors have taken control of their groups and have them practicing on their flexibility. Emma notices one of the male instructor is looking at the young girls in his group just like he had look at her when she was their age. She remembered how he used to hold her in set positions and his hands would roam over her leotard and touch her between her legs just like he is doing to them the now. She never complained about him touching her after all he was her instructor.
 
At the end of the classes, Emma is called into the manager's office where she was introduced to one of the parents, Emma recognized him as the father of the two young girls that she had been instructing in her group.
 
“Emma this is Mr. Clark he has two young daughters that your training and he asked if you can give them some extra training as you have been,” said Steven.

Emma said. “Hello Mr. Clark, your daughters’ are quite talented and have a lot of potentials… I would be happy to look after them for you.”

“When their old enough and ready for special consideration I want them to learn from you… Mr. Clark understands what’s required,” said Steven. 
 
Emma immediately understands that the requirements are sexual and her face goes red as she blushes.
 
“I can be very generous... if you can teach my girls how to turn out like you,” Mr. Clark chuckled.
 
Emma stands there in shock at what she has been asked to do, and asked, “You want me to instruct your daughters about sex.”
 
“Yes, that’s what I’m asking… I have heard about how good you are and how much you enjoy having sex,” Mr. Clark babbled.
 
As Emma stood there, Mr. Clark runs his hands over her body and squeezes her ass-cheeks and then cups her breast in his hand and said, “You're a very gorgeous girl.” 
 
As the head instructor watches Emma being groped he said, “Emma, why don't you remove your top and shorts and let Mr. Clark see how gorgeous you really are.”
 
Emma stands still as Mr. Clark lifts her top over her head and exposes her bare breasts. He then squeezes both of Emma's bare breasts and feels her nipples becoming bigger, he then pinches and twists on Emma’s nipples causing Emma to close her eyes and let out a low moan.

“You like that… having your nipples pulled and twisted do you?” Mr. Clark asked, and then gives each nipple another twist making Emma let out a louder moan.
 
“Now let me see your cunt,” Mr.Clark asked, as he knelt down in front of her.

He takes a hold of each side of Emma’s shorts and pulls them down around her ankles and Emma instinctively steps out of them causing her feet to move further apart.
 
“Oh, you have a wonderful bald cunt, just like my girls.” Mr. Clark chuckled.
 
Mr. Clark then reaches out and cups Emma’s ass-cheeks in his hands and pulls her bald cunt closer to his mouth. As he kisses and licks up and down her cunt lips, Emma moans and with her hands on his head presses his mouth hard against her wet cunt.
 
As Emma's cunt starts dripping with her cunt juices she moans, “Please don't stop, that feels wonderful, oh yes keep doing that.”
 
Mr. Clark uses one of his hand to undo his pants and when his hard cock springs out, he stands up letting his pants and underwear fall around his ankles. After kicking his pants and underwear off he lifts Emma up onto Steven’s desk that he has cleared.

He then lifts Emma’s legs up onto his shoulders and then rubs his hard cock up and down her wet cunt. Then with a thrust drives his clock all the way inside her cunt, he leaves his cock buried inside Emma's cunt for a minutes before he begins pulling his cock out and then thrusting it back in. 

With each inward thrust, Mr. Clark’s balls make a slapping noise as they hit Emma's ass-cheeks. Emma is now trying to lift her hips up to meet his inward thrusts leaving no doubt that she loves being fucked.

“Fuck me harder fill my cunt,” Emma screams out causing Mr.Clark’s daughters that are waiting outside the office to open the door and look inside. When they see their father fucking their gymnast instructor they quickly close the door.

After a few more thrust Mr. Clark’s cock begins to explode and fill Emma's cunt with his seed, as he removes his cock from her cunt he offers it to her mouth to clean up, Emma licks all around and all over his cock till it’s clean. As Mr. Clark steps back and starts to pull on his pants and underwear, Emma lies there on the desk with her legs hanging over the side.

When Mr. Clark had finished dressing, he said, “Emma you were fantastic,” he then hands Steven an envelope and said, “That’s my daughters’ fees.”

He then opens the door to the office where his two young daughters are both standing waiting for him. Both girls look into the office to see Emma lying on the desk with cum running down her thighs.
 
As the office door is closed, Steven said, “Thank you, Emma, you were wonderful.”
 
When Steven stands up from behind his desk Emma sees that he isn’t wearing any pants and his cock is hard and throbbing. He moves around to the front of her head and moves her mouth closer to his cock. Emma takes the head instructors cock into her mouth and wraps her lips around his cock.

As Steven begins to fuck her face he said,  “I do hope you can instruct Mr. Clark's daughters how to suck cock as you do… you are a great cock sucker.”

After thrusting his cock in and out of her mouth for several minutes. He then drives his cock into Emma’s mouth and keeps it there, when Emma feels his body tense up she knows that he is about to cum into her mouth and she gets ready to swallow as fast as she can. Blast after blast of his cum hits the back of Emma's throat, she swallows and lets his cum slide down her throat and into her belly.

“That was another fantastic head job you gave me.” The head instructor tells Emma.
 
After Steve pulls on his pants and shirt he opens the office door and walks out into the gymnasium. Emma climbs off the desk and begins to wrap a towel around her naked body. There aren't many parents or students still here but Emma knows that the head instructor had left the office door open on purpose to let those that are still there see her. After wrapping the towel around her body she picks up her clothes and heads to the staff showers.

The looks and smiles Emma gets as she walks to the staff showers is a bit embarrassing but Emma needs to get used to being looked at. As she stands under the shower and lets the hot water flow over her body, she feels that someone is watching her and turns around to see janitor standing there with his mop in his hand and a large smile on his face, he must be older than my grandpa and he's eighty.

As Emma begins to finish having her shower a female instructor named Lisa comes into the showers and undresses and starts to have a shower next to her, Lisa said, “I see you have met Mr. Roberts our janitor.” 
 
“Yes, he stood there watching me,” Emma tells her.
 
“He is harmless he walks in on everyone having a shower even the students, no one has complained they know he is a dirty old perv,” Lisa said.

As Emma continues to wash her body Lisa moves behind her and pulls her back against her body and reaches around to fondle and squeeze her small breasts. After kissing Emma on her neck and nibbling on her ear Lisa slides her hand down Emma’s body and over her cunt. 

As Lisa’s fingers begin to probe and penetrate Emma’s cunt Lisa asked, “Do you like me fingering your cunt?”

Emma looks over at door to see Mr. Roberts the janitor standing there stroking his old cock as he watched them.

“Mr. Roberts is watching,” Emma squealed and then started moaning as Lisa started pumping her finger in and out of her cunt.

“Your such a lovely girl and I’ve had my eyes on you for years… Anne told me how well you eat cunt and I want you to eat mine,” said Lisa pushing Emma down onto her knees.

Emma looked at Mr. Roberts watching them, as Lisa pulled her mouth onto her cunt and started to grind her cunt against Emma’s face. With her hands around the woman’s ass, Emma held the woman’s cunt hard onto her mouth as she used to tongue to lick and probe the woman’s cunt. For some unknown reason, Emma started thinking about her mother and the idea of licking her mother’s cunt excited her and she flicked her tongue faster and deeper into Lisa’s cunt.

“Oh fuck yes, Anne was right when she told me how good a cunt licker you are,” moaned Lisa.

When Lisa’s large clit poked out from under its hood Emma sucked the bud into her mouth as if it was a small cock and used her tongue to lick it.

Lisa screamed, “I’m cumming… I’m fucking cumming.”

Emma didn’t need to hear Lisa tell her she was having an orgasm, Lisa’s cunt was squirting her juices all over her face. When Lisa had another orgasm she pulled Emma’s face away from her cunt and begged, “No more… I can’t take anymore.”

Lisa then helped Emma up onto her feet and kissed her and wrapped her arms around her and said, “That was incredible… I haven’t had an orgasm that strong in a long time.”

“My panties… he is using my panties,” Emma screamed as she saw Mr. Roberts using her panties to cum in.

Lisa laughed and said, “I will buy you some new panties… have you ever lost panties at the club before?”

“A few times,” Emma replied.

“Mr. Roberts has been stealing panties for a long time,” Lisa giggled.

“I had always thought some girl had taken mine by mistake,” Emma replied.

“Let’s finish our shower and get dressed… would you like to come out to dinner with me?” Lisa asked.

“Yes, that would be nice… I just have to phone Mom and tell her I won’t be home till late,” Emma replied.

