"Ahhhh. 'Bout time." Chakotay had barely gotten through the doorway to his quarters, arms full of the day's duty reports, when a body came hurtling across the room, knocking him backwards against the door.

"Don't...," he started to warn his attacker, but it was too late; the two of them fell together to the floor, PADDs falling in a great clatter around them. "Everyone in the corridor probably heard that," he muttered, but of course he didn't really care; worrying about what the crew would think was her department. For what it was worth, the few crewmembers who knew about them seemed genuinely happy for them, and the rest seemed to be keeping their suppositions to themselves. Given time, he was certain that none of them would object to realizing that their captain and first officer were spending time together off the bridge for reasons other than work.

He looked into the impatient face of his captain and smiled. "It serves you right, after keeping me waiting for more than three years." Janeway had shocked the hell out of him the night she'd finally made his dreams come true--he'd been convinced that she had a chemical imbalance, or was possessed by evil aliens, or something. Kathryn had invited him to go jetskiing on the holodeck, then taken off her suit and...he sighed happily at the memory. Laughing, she leaned forward and knocked him flat on his back on the floor.

"Maybe I should have kept you waiting longer. Now take off that uniform before I do it for you." Opening his mouth to stage a mock-protest, he found himself instantly subdued when she leaned forward and kissed him, stretching out on top of his body so that he was crushed against the floor. Pinning her with his arms, he flipped them both over, rolled to the side onto the fallen PADDs, and scooped her up in his arms without breaking the kiss. Quickly he stumbled to his feet and started for the bedroom with her, knowing from experience that if he didn't hurry, she wasn't going to let him get there at all, and then they were both going to be sore all over from doing it on the floor.

Reaching the bed, he dumped her in an undignified heap and sat down to take his boots off. She pushed her hair out of her eyes and lunged, not even bothering with her own boots, though the heels had once torn a hole in his blanket. They rolled together to the foot of the bed, and he realized she wasn't even going to let him get his clothes off this time; oh well, one more stained outfit for the 'cycler. Unzipping and yanking at the hidden closures on the uniforms, they managed to expose skin in all the necessary places.

"Very nice," Kathryn purred as his increasingly stiff organ sprang out of confinement and into her probing hands. While she stroked him, he tugged the upper part of her uniform aside, exposing the tank top which she had taken to wearing without a bra underneath; sliding his tongue delicately from her ear down the side of her neck, he dove for a nipple, clamping it harder between his teeth in the fabric than he would have dared on naked skin, making her shriek and tighten her hold on his now-throbbing erection which ached to be inside her...twisting, he rolled on top of her, feeling her arch toward him and part her legs in anticipation of his entry...

"Xenobotany to the Captain," shrilled the communicator, making the two senior officers start and practically fall off the bed. "Your approval is needed on the away mission plans..."

"Zealous little crew, aren't they," grumbled Janeway as she fumbled with her uniform, winking at her first officer: "I'll be right back, just throw something on and stay in that position!"