The Making of Jenny is Copyright (C) 2013 Jennifer Johnson, All rights
reserved. Please do not distribute this story without this message. 
- jenny4@ducksfeet.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This work involves consensual and non-consensual interracial sex between teens 
and teens, teens and adults and teens and horses as well as forced feminization 
and transformation. 

If you find any of these themes disturbing please stop reading now. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Making of Jenny, Part 2: Girl Time!
	We last left Rick at Albert's after being picked up as a hitchhiking 
	teenage fugitive. Albert and Rick had just had sex....

Albert told me to go to the bedroom down the hall and find something that fit 
and change clothes. I was clueless why he told me that but I went there and a 
small bedroom with a dresser and vanity and a closet full of girl's and women's 
clothes. What was he up to I wondered? I picked out a pair of pedal pushers and 
a light white cotton blouse. There was a pair of flat sandals that fit my feet 
and I put those on. I looked in the mirror and didn't look or feel very girly. 


Albert called out to me to come out when I was dressed. I felt very foolish and 
nervous and came out to the living room. The pedal pushers were very tight 
against my body and he rubbed my ass and said "mmm that's nice. Maybe we should 
call you Rikki now? David asked me to get you prepared. We can watch some TV. 
while we wait for Loretta." 

I had no clue who Loretta was or what I was being prepared for. Now I was a 
little scared but even in less of a position to bolt. I didn't want to be seen 
in public. 

Loretta arrived and came in, loudly. She was impressive. A little over six feet, 
which towered over Albert's 5'5". She was heavy set and with amazingly large 
breasts. She was very made up but not gaudy. She was beautiful. Albert 
introduced me as Rikki and told her I was the new girl. She clucked "Oh my my, 
well, this is a good start but we have a lot of work. She grabbed a large black 
bag and said, "Come with me."

She took me back to the bedroom I had changed in. 

She told me I was dressed nicely but to get undressed again. I asked why and she 
said "We need to find something a little more fitting of a nice little white 
girl. A lot of new girls get very horny over this and it makes it harder to 
make you up right. I see you're already horny, so, let's take care of that." 

She took her jacket off and unbuttoned her blouse revealing her very large brown 
breasts inside a beautiful black lace bra with a front closure. She told me to 
undo her bra. Her huge breasts fell free and she pulled me up to them, lifting 
me off the floor, and buried my face in her boobs while she stroked my cock. 
Pulling me onto the bed, she lifted me up out of her breasts and pulled my face 
to hers kissing me hard and pushing her tongue deep into my mouth. She was very 
aggressive and strong. I felt small and submissive with this formidable woman. 
She laid back and told me to fuck her tits. I came almost immediately. 

"That's all you got??", she said almost angrily, "Well, little white boys like 
you will make better girls and you will learn to cum when you're told!" 

I was still very confused and very horny despite cumming a second time in as 
many hours. 

She pulled her breasts back in her bra, looking slyly at me. "You like big 
breasts? Maybe you want big breasts too? We already know you like your nipples 
played with. Albert said he came on your tits and you nearly passed out!" 

I mumbled a little and said, sheepishly, "Yes" 

"We'll work on that.", She said. "Let's work with what we have for now."

She took out a small, pink A cup pushup bra, and a pair of tiny matching 
panties. She told me to tuck my small cock under as I put the panties on. 

She took out a small, unmarked, brown bottle and told me to drink it. 

"What is it?", I asked. 

"It will help you feel more girly. You will be drinking this three times a day. 
It has some hormones and enzymes that make your body more girly when you 
swallow cum. It takes a lot of cum though so don't expect anything to happen 
fast... unless... well never mind that for now. That's a big step and I am not 
sure you're ready for that." 

More questions in my mind and not really sure what to think of it all. I was 
excited and scared. I had no idea what was going to happen or how long I was 
going to be there. 

She told me to sit in the chair and she took out some scissors and other hair 
stuff and worked on my hair which was already long. She shaped it into a cute, 
almost sort of bob cut and trimmed my bangs. I was a little amazed at the 
change with just some minor changes in my hair. 

"Uh...", I started, "that's quite a change with just some hair trimming." 

"It's not just the hair, the juice is starting work. When you get some cum in 
you, you will see more of a change. The first thing you will notice is your 
face will get a little softer but it's pretty soft now which I like. Turn your 
chair around and face me now." 

I did as Loretta asked and she took out some makeup and turned on a light and 
held my face at different angles and figured out what colors to use. She didn't 
put it on right away and instead plucked my eyebrows to a nice feminine shape. 
Then she put the makeup on. After about ten minutes she held up a mirror and I 
was surprised how feminine I looked now. 

She rummaged through her bag and pulled out a garter belt that matched my bra 
and panties and some pale pink sheer silk stockings. Then she pulled out a pair 
of hot pink pumps with 4" spike heels and ankle straps. 

It started to occur to me that all of these clothes Albert had and Loretta had 
brought fit me. I couldn't figure out how they knew this. That thought quickly 
disappeared though while I put the stockings and shoes on. While I was getting 
more dressed she went through the closet humming and clucking disapprovingly as 
she went hangar to hangar. She finally settled on a black pencil skirt, and a 
low cut sleeveless hot pink sweater that seemed to match my shoes. 

She looked at me for a few moments and said "This will do, little Rikki, David 
will like this. You're David's girl now!" 

I heard the front door open and a few moments later David walked into the room. 
"My, my, my, that's my girl!", he said, "Loretta, do you have her things ready 
to go?"

"Her things are in my car, we'll put them in yours when we leave." 

It was very strange hearing me called "her" and "she" and all. 

"How about it, young lady, are you ready to come home with me?", David asked. 

I stammered a yes in a voice as bit higher than I am used to hearing come out of 
my mouth. This was all very strange. It felt surreal. 

Nervously, I walked out with David and Loretta, finding myself saying goodbye 
and thank you to Albert. I was terribly afraid someone would see me as a girl 
and make fun of the clothes I was wearing but all I heard was a guy down the 
street, humming loudly, "mmm mmm mmm!"

I blushed. 

"Come on back tomorrow, Missy, we like having you around.", Albert said with a 
smile. 

As I followed David and Loretta to the cars. She took a couple large suitcases 
out of the trunk of her car and put them in the back of David's car. "I'm sure 
she will like this. Make sure she drinks her juice.", Loretta said with a sly 
smile. 
