------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
persons or groups or organizations.
------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
persons or groups or organizations.


Story Content: (TV/TG, MM)

Title: A Future Society
Author: Es2c

	"Excuse me, I couldn't help but notice that you're 
wearing the insignia of a class F male."
	"Yes, the state makes us wear it, but why do you ask?  
Are you a state inspector?"  I asked the stranger in the 
busy subway station.
	"No, I'm not.  I'm a class A myself.  However, the 
reason I stopped to ask is that I-I understand that Class 
F's have been tested and determined to have a strong 
genetic trait for being, w-well for having feminine 
feelings and desires."
	"That's true.  But I don't see why the state is so 
insisting that we be humiliated by wearing these small 
lavender and pink pins. I've only been recently classified 
- in fact only two days ago. They say we tend to be swayed 
by cheap and tawdry compliments.  They say we can't help it 
but be swayed by the filmiest of compliments because our 
self esteem is so low that we need praise of any kind. 
Other men are always making fun of us.  Plus it's hard to 
get promotions and I'm always having to do all the menial 
dirty unimportant jobs at work with almost no chance of 
promotion."
	"I see."  The stranger said as we both sat down while 
we talked as we waited for the next train.
	"You see, the reason I stopped you is to see whether 
you'd help me out."
	"Help you out?"  I said with a puzzling look.
	"You see, I looked at your face and especially your 
lips and well, I got aroused.  I could only think how 
delightful it would be to slide my hard dick back and forth 
over your full lips and shoot my cum in your mouth.  That 
would feel so good right now."
	"That's really disgusting to come up and say that to 
me in public. However, for some strange reason, it sounds 
good to me too.  I shouldn't even be saying something like 
that.  I think the government has programmed us Class Fs or 
something.  You seem such a nice fellow and all, and I do 
have a few minutes and now you've got me aroused too.  I 
have this craving to taste some hot semen."
	"Maybe we could go over to one those hour rooms right 
down the way here in the station and attend to both my need 
and your craving, since we both have what the other needs."
	"You're right it does make sense for us to do that.  I 
know mother would agree."
	"You still live with your mom?  You must be at least  
25."  The stranger said to me as we walked in the direction 
he said there were theses Government run sex relief 
quarters.
	AN HOUR LATER
	"I'm telling you, that was really great.  I never knew 
semen could taste so good and that I'd feel so delighted at 
having jism splattered all over my face or someone fucking 
me up the ass too.  I guess I have to thank you and take 
back what I said about the Government having us wear these 
cute pins.  For some reason, they look prettier than 
before."
	"No thanks required.  We both were just fulfilling our 
roles the government desired of us.  You being there for me 
and me for you."
	Before the stranger, whose name was John, left, I 
don't know why, I wanted to kneel and kiss his cock one 
more time.  I asked and he agreed.
	"Are you still hungry for more dick cream?"  He asked 
as he was pulling up his pants and zipping up.
	"Yes."  I was startled at the confidence of my own 
reply.
	The stranger suggested I walk around the station and 
more actively finger and caress my pin.
	"That will let other Class A's know you're proud of 
your classification and they're bound to come forth with 
offers for one with such pretty and delightful lips for 
hard cocks.  By the way, here's a little something for the 
mess I made of your face and your troubles."  He said as he 
threw a bill on the floor just before closing the door of 
the small room.
	I picked it up and unfolded it.  It was a ten-dollar 
bill. 
	How nice of him I thought.  He paid for the room and 
gave me a ten too.
	It's so nice when a man invites me to a secluded area 
and asks me to suckle on his rigid tool.  For some reason I 
adore being called a cunt or a pussy when I'm swallowing 
cum from a spurting cock.
	I did as he suggested and sought out more dicks to 
suck.

---END---

