Tina screamed out of surprise, because her senses were just so confused and she had not seen that one coming. She turned in towards Mike, clinging to him tightly. “What’s going on?” she asked. She looked around confused and she could not see anything that indicated what was going on. All the refuges, packed tight in the room, got up and moved around, trying to see what was going on. They were quickly ordered back down and to not move. Finally, one of the coordinators, a stout, balding male, started ushering them one by one towards the back door. “Alright, come on,” he said. “Single file, change of plans; we’re going to get to the truck.”

The terrified mass of them headed outside, as best as they could manage. She was slow, her head not moving as fast as the action around her. She felt so sick and yet she had to just cling to Mike and move outside. Mike took control, strong and fast and definitely moving on action alone.

Mike saw the armed men and could not believe that they were shooting at them. He realized quickly though that they weren’t very valuable property any more. Rebellious slaves cost a ton of money to retrain and regroup and the non-slaves here were all traitors, worthy of dying. His main concern was getting Tina to safety. Tina was sick, following him with blurry eyes and absolute confusion.

Mike ducked down as shots flew and they hurried towards the van that would transport them out of the mess into safety. He covered Tina with his body, not daring to let anything happen to her. He would die if anything happened to Tina and it was his fault. He ran as fast as he could, keeping her much smaller body pressed to his and his head low. Shots flew so close to his head that he was amazed that none of theirs were dead yet.

He moaned in pain as a bullet grazed him in the shoulder before hitting behind him. He dropped down, only to haw Tina follow him behind the van. He pressed his body to the side of the vehicle, panting and groaning in total pain. "Mike," Tina whispered, running to his side and taking his bad arm, looking at the blood that was flowing down through the fabric of his shirt.

"Just keep moving," he said, ushering the sick girl along, pulling her with his good arm. He caught sight of the officers all around them for just a moment, willing to fire, shoot to kill. He heard the sound of bullets striking metal, but hopefully not people because they were all so determined to be free. He knew that many of them would willingly die for this freedom but he prayed that wouldn’t happen.

"Move, move, move."

To his left, the underground worker moved them along. Tina grabbed onto Mike tightly. He shoved her ahead of him into the next van before ducking inside himself. He wrapped his good arm around her and didn't let go until the vehicle started moving. "Tina, are you okay?" he asked softly.

"I'm fine," she said stripping off her outer layer. Her voice was still soft and dreamy from the fever and her eyes were foggy but she was trying her best to help him. "You're bleeding." She carefully wrapped the garment around his shoulder, successfully stopping the wound from bleeding, at least for the time being.

Mike closed his eyes for a second. "Is everyone ok?"

The man who herded them into the truck answered. "Everyone in this transport is. Kid over there took a nasty dive protecting the little one but we have no casualties here."

Huddled in the back, Puck gave Tina a weak wave, mouthing "you ok?"

She nodded and leaned close to Mike. Neither of them could think in that moment as they got far away, the driver moving erratically. They knew that the police could still catch up with the van but maybe they would consider them a loss. They prayed they would consider them a loss and move on.

Mike grunted a little, despite his firm face. He was definitely in a little bit of pain from being hit. There were several other wounded and Tina made her way around to see what she could do. She was thanking her family for making her attend that ridiculous first aid class in her freshman year now.

She checked on Puck and his little sister as well. “You okay?” she asked, remembering that he’d took a fall. He had a nice gash to the back of the head and looked a little confused.

“Oh yeah I’m fantastic,” Puck said, laughing a little bit. “Sarah’s making sure that I don’t conk out because I hit my head so hard, but hey, I’m wonderful.”

Tina nodded and returned to Mike. She ended up curling herself up against his side, shutting her eyes to try and rid herself of the pounding that was steadily driving a hole into her forehead. She was really hurting and she was starting to feel like throwing up. She did not open her eyes again until a voice said the words that everyone inside was just dying to hear.

“We got boatage!” yelled the driver of the vehicle and the Underground worker smiled brightly.

“Alright kids, this is the home stretch,” he said. “You’re gonna make it home free now.”