I walked into our second session at the marriage counselor, behind my Wife, already a defeated man. This was a different office than our last visit. My Wife sat on a huge overstuffed chair that almost looked like a throne and I sat on a stool beside her. It made me think of Queens and their handmaidens, with the queen on her throne and handmaidens at their side ready to serve their mistress. In reality, I think that is how I felt, there to serve my Queen.

The counselor asked my wife if she liked this office, and my wife replied in the affirmative. She then said she used this office for couples who knew who led the marriage and this seating arrangement helped enforce the idea of who was in charge.

"So tell me what has transpired in your relationship since your last visit?"

My Wife said, "I don't know about wimpy here but I believe we have made great progress. If you remember on our last visit he claimed he would do anything to save our marriage and I have been testing him to just see how far he will go."

" And you" she said looking at me, "What are your thoughts on how your marriage has progressed?"

" I cannot believe the humiliation and degradation I have gone through. I have to stay at home and do the housework and the laundry while she goes out to be with her lover."

My Wife said, "If you're unhappy you can move out." I fell to my knees in front of my wife, begging her not to say things like that, and that she knew I could never leave her. This made her chuckle.

"Now let's wait on decisions like that until latter. Now stand up and let us see just unhappy you are."

As I stood the counselor came over and just undid my pants and let them fall to my ankles.

" And what is this, something new? Are you wearing 'big girl panties'? You don't seem to be unhappy, look at this little erection you have."

She fondled me as she talked and as my face reddened my Wife said,

"As soon as we left here last time I told him that pretty panties were for pretty girls so we went right to Sears and bought him some big girl panties all in white and in his size too. He was so cute; his face kept getting redder and redder as I held them up to him to see if they would fit. The sales lady was so helpful she said I could send him to one of their dressing rooms to make sure they fit. Then just to be mean I made him come out and show the sales lady how they fit. He had such a cute little erection pushing out the front of his new panties. I told the sales lady we would take five pair and could she please throw out the ones he was wearing because he had stretched them out so much with his big butt I would never wear them again. I told him I was going to send him to his momma's house so she could teach him to stitch his name in them"

"How has your ejaculate been? Are you still masturbating a lot? Well let's see how you are doing."

She was again rubbing me, and oh it felt so good. This time I knew that she wanted me to cum; it was so exciting right there in front of my wife so I didn't hold back. I think I spurted in about three strokes. She kept telling me what a good boy I was being.

" This sample is still so watery I can tell you are still playing with yourself too much. She reached for a tissue then stopped. "Let's stop making 'Kleenex Babies', I think you should start recycling"

And with that she put her hand up to my mouth. I recoiled with disgust so she put her finger in the middle of my cum and then wiped her finger across her my lips.

" Here just try a little taste you will get used to it and you might even learn to like it."

My Wife instructed me to clean her hand, so defeated again I stuck my tongue and licked her palm.

The counselor said, "Now don't swallow it yet, it will help you get used to the taste if you hold it in your mouth for a while. That's a good boy."

I was so embarrassed; there I stood with my pants around my legs and my dick sticking out of my panties with a mouth full of cum and cum drying on my lips.

Then she said to my wife

"Has he improved any on his oral techniques?"

"I have had him practicing; before I let him go to sleep, he must try to give me three orgasms. I will say he has improved but I don't have many three-orgasm nights. Well at least not with him anyway. And that's the funny thing about him putting up such a fuss about eating his own cum, I can't even tell how much of my lover's cum he has eaten in the last few weeks."

My head spun around, I swallowed and tried to protest, but I gagged on my own cum and almost threw up.

My Wife said, "Now isn't that strange; he just laps up my lover's cum, and believe me it is always more than a palm full and now his own little spurt makes him sick."

Finally I got my retching under control "But I never knew what I was eating, I thought you were just extra wet."

" Well I think we are making progress in this relationship. As for advice, I feel that you should look into a chastity cage of some kind. Maybe that will keep his hands off his little toy except when you can supervise. If you need help picking one out talk to Carol out front when you make your next appointment, she will give you a catalog. So until next time good luck"

As my wife talked to the receptionist, I noticed the young lady staring at me, then I remembered all the dried cum on my lips. There was nothing I could do but lick them clean.

"Carol would you go through the catalog with him? Make sure he picks out one that is not too big."

This was completely humiliating to me, this young woman showing me devices for my privates. She went on talking about comfort and ease of cleaning as if we were talking about a pair of shoes. I turned around to protest to my wife but she was not in the room. I went back to the office and saw my wife and our counselor in what could only be called a romantic embrace as they kissed each other deeply. 