Naked in the Trailer Park 2
A Naked in the Trailer Park Story
by Eddie Davidson

Chapter 4

“Milking? What is that?” Heather’s eyes gleamed mischievously. Rally was already picturing the intense feeling of being ground beef getting tenderized under a jagged mallet as the chubby girl’s used all of their might to spank his erect cock back to soft with the hair brush bristles. He imagined the pain on his tender most man part as they brought each whack down as they had done to his sister and mother moments before. He regretted watching and secretly enjoying the girl’s torment but now there was nothing he could do to stop it.

Leonard on the other hand was ready for anything and smiling like a dog who wanted someone to play with him.

“In order to keep my horn dog brothers from walking around with stiff cocks they have to jerk off three times a day. It helps them be less perverted but as you can see it didn’t work. They have to whack it as soon as they get home and they will after you finish with them, Ma’am” Harley could see that Rally was uncomfortable and it made her feel a little better as she stood up and wiped her wet pussy with her finger.

“I think we’d rather see that,” Becky giggled and Heather looked at her with a horny gleam in her eye as the two cooed over Leonard’s body.

“We aint got no windows and if you really want to see it then be my guest, it’s gross though watching them pull their puds,” Harley shrugged.

“Yeah, I am just curious what it looks like when a guy gets himself off,” Heather said. She had said she had seen Jeremy jerk off in public but in truth she had only heard about it and convinced herself that she had seen it too. Becky smacked her sister for being so forward but she was only being coy and wanted to see as well.

“Squat and turn around and face the wall,” Harley instructed her mother and told her she had until they were finished to finger herself. Tammy did as she was told but didn’t start playing with herself.

“You let your mom play with herself?” the girls were shocked about that more than they were Tammy taking orders from her daughter and turning around to squat obscenely facing the plywood wall of their kitchen.

“Fair is fair, we all have rules in this household, Ma’am, and if it keeps her in line then I will let her have a little carrot before I give her the stick,” Harley had heard Earl use that phrase at one point. The girls nodded their heads – they were very interested in Leonard beating off and that was all they wanted to see. Rally was not even on their radar.

“Okay, you two, do your thing” Harley hadn’t quite come up with a fitting way to begin the masturbation ritual. There was something anti-climactic about telling them to do their thing but at the same time she didn’t want to seem like she really got off on the guys jerking off in front of Heather and Becky. She’d usually make wry comments and then turn around and play with herself as well but for today she watched the entire thing.

Leonard started stroking and the girls oooed and ahhed like he was a male stripper from the movie Magic Mike – something they had watched with their own mother dozens of times.

Rally’s dick was quite a bit larger but his body was scrawny and he wasn’t particularly handsome or charming. The girls didn’t watch him slowly stroking and when they noticed him looking at the two chubby girls for inspiration they only offered a snort of disgust.

“Should I look at my sister then? I mean throw me a bone, it’s hard enough to do this with you watching in the same room with my sister and mom,” Rally admitted although he had managed to orgasm every time since Friday.

“Do whatever, just don’t be creepy about it,” Becky warned him. She was secretly flattered someone would pleasure themselves by looking at her but she wanted to hear that from Leonard and not him.

“Leonard, do you need any inspiration,” Heather asked playfully as she giggled with her sister and covered her mouth to laugh.

“Nah, I am there,” Leonard closed his eyes and after a quick smile appeared on his face squirted a thick white fluid into the palm of his hands and serenely laid back against one of the beds in the living room.

“There you have one rapid fire dick sneeze from my brother,” Harley said flatly before adding that now they had to wait for Rally to slowly finish.

The two girls didn’t care to see that and asked instead “What will you do with the uh stuff now, Leonard?”

“What do you mean what will he do with it? What he always does, wrap it in a tissue and throw it away,” Harley answered for Leonard who was resting and smiling with his eyes closed.

“Maybe he could put it into a girl or something,” Becky suggested meekly before giggling and staring at her shoes while her older sister teased her for being so cheeky.

The sound of two girls giggling and laughing with a sexual delight in their voice was all it took for Rally to finish much earlier than normal and he shot so much cum it almost hit Heather in the eye. “Gross!” she muttered.

“You’ll clean that up,” Harley insisted of Rally as the two girls prepared to disperse. They had seen what they wanted to see and were done.

It was at that moment that Gabby approached. “Knocky-Knocky, I know we are a little early today but I had some things to take care of and...” Gabby started to explain as she opened the screen door to let herself into the trailer. She had permission to come over anytime and had usually been coming over around 7pm. Every night she would find some reason to spank Tammy and sometimes Harley but she was stunned to see the guys were laying on their backs freshly masturbating.

“Oh my, are they public masturbators like Jeremy?” Gabby called to her son who was waiting outside of the trailer as he often did. She had invited him in a few times but she was uncomfortable with everything he saw up close and personal. She knew Jeremy watched through the window but that had been more palatable than him being inside the trailer while she spanked Tammy for some reason. “Did you teach them this?” she scorned him.

“Mom, I told you, that was JUST a rumor that Harley started. I don’t jerk off in public,” he said as she stood stunned in the doorway. He noticed Heather and Becky Donaldson smirking and he instantly noticed the very red and tender patch around Harley’s pussy.

“Is that true? Did you start that rumor? Oh my god, that is so something a nasty bitch like you would do,” Heather laughed at Harley and grinned.

“Yeah, he should get to spank you for that,” Becky suggested.

“I don’t think it’s appropriate for Jeremy to spank her,” Gabby said. She had spanked Harley when she admitted to starting the rumor about her son but never quite believed it entirely. She had heard subsequent rumors that were started and wasn’t entirely sure that Jeremy didn’t have a problem himself.

“Why not? We just spanked her and HER mom on the pussy!” Heather giggled.

Jeremy looked at his mother expectantly and Gabby asked if that was true.

“Yes, Ma’am, I had been disrespectful to them on the bus and got them in trouble at school today so they gave me a correction. My mom called them names and teased them about being fat for Halloween and also broke up their mom’s relationship as payback for something petty and so we asked them to correct us,” Harley admitted while her mother remained facing the wall. Tammy was turning red and getting frustrated she couldn’t talk. It was difficult to quietly wait while others talked about her misdeeds.

“Oh, is your dad Douglas or Sammy?” Gabby knew her friend could be a spiteful vixen. She felt mildly jealous that Tammy had been spanked by someone else since she had been a coming over and dispensing justice every night since the start of the program.

“Our step-dad is Arnold,” Heather explained and then Gabby knew exactly who they were.

“Oh that is right, you are the Donaldson sisters. My how you have uh filled out,” Gabby politely referred to their weight and then began to ask them a series of rapid-fire annoying personal questions about the break up until the two girls excused themselves and fled the trailer.

“So, tell me about this milking thing? Do you think it would help Jeremy?” Gabby was used to people making excuses and avoiding her many questions but she had a form of OCD that wouldn’t let her shut up very easily. She addressed Harley because she knew that the authority had shifted unofficially from Frank to Harley all weekend almost completely.

“Mom, stop. You are embarrassing me,” Jeremy shifted uncomfortably as his mother. It became clear that Jeremy had been uncomfortable being around Harley while she got her punishments as well and Harley could tell he was intimidated but still had a lot of anger against her.

“I don’t know if the milking would help your son to behave. I don’t think he has a problem, Ma’am. I started those rumors about him years ago and as Mrs. Donaldson pointed out he should probably punish me himself for starting that rumor,” Harley offered generously. She was still stinging from the hairbrush ordeal she had endured on her living room floor but she was determined to make things right if she could. She had taken the letter from Friday very seriously and while she still had a long way to go to change her nature – she thought making the offer was the right thing to do.

“Well, that was years ago and you were little so it was a mistake,” Gabby shrugged off the suggestion. Jeremy’s body language as he shifted anxiously suggested he did want to do something with Harley but at the same time he was intimidated and scared.

Rally could tell his only friend wanted to stand up to his mother and he also thought it was only fair that Harley got the punishment she had just offered. “Yes it was a long time ago, Ma’am,” he said as he threw away the tissue he used to clean up his semen from the green shag carpet. “The thing is though the rumor persisted and grew and everyday as Harley got older she heard it and could have said something to stop it but she didn’t. It took her being exposed naked and under discipline to get her to admit it. So I think it would only be fair if he gave her a few licks,” Rally smiled at his sister while offering her butt to is best friend.

“Gee, thanks Rally,” Harley’s tone was lemony and sarcastic as her lips curled into a goofy smirk. She knew her brother was right but at the same time that he was suggesting she get punished as a payback.

Gabby was protective of her son even though she let him see the girls naked – she thought it was too much for him to physically touch her. She looked at him and then back at Harley’s red clit as it dripped and said “Well, not there though.”

“Thank you Ma’am,” Harley let out a breath of relief. “Would a spanking on the butt be sufficient, then Sir?” she had been spanked enough on the butt that she didn’t feel too worried about it.

Jeremy nodded shyly. He didn’t know what to say. It was kind of like winning the lottery seeing a pretty girl grab her ankles and bend over while offering her ass to him.

“How many do you think would be fair for keeping a rumor like this going for all these years, Sir?” she said as she settled into the position and braced herself for the impact of the spanking.

“One day of spanking for every day Jeremy had to bare the shame of the rumor?” Rally was half-joking and the impact of that statement was only dwarfed by the impact of the full on close-fisted punch that she received square in the right buttock from Jeremy.

She almost fell over and yelped as he knocked the girl over.

Everyone was shocked and his mother shouted “JEREMY!”

“What? I was trying to give her the same pain she gave me. That was a Donkey punch,” he shrugged. He had no idea how spankings were to be applied and his frame of reference was cartoons like Dragon Ball Z where the characters did tremendous lightning infused karate attacks on each other that only subtracted hit points without actually doing any real damage.

“You can’t just punch girls in the butt,” Gabby warned her son that was totally unacceptable.

Harley agreed and her ass was now bruised but what steeled her nerves was that as she plunged forward she caught sight of her mother giggling at her daughter’s situation – even though she was still facing the wall.

“No, I’ll take my medicine. If he wants to cunt punt me with his foot or punch me in the ass, my brother was right. I don’t think we could be made even with one punishment session anyway,” she started to stoically return to the same position she was in when she received the first punch. Despite her brave words, her jaw was shivering and her leg was shaking with nerves at how hard that punch was and the thought of willingly accepting more.

“Actually, I know a better punishment for my sister,” Rally suggested and Harley glared at him over her shoulder. If he was going to suggest something more wicked and painful she was going to rain down her displeasure on him tenfold after Gabby left and maybe even before she left. She let him continue though because a part of her felt she deserved whatever Jeremy could dish out to get even. She was a big believer in karma and she felt she was on the receiving end of her wicked ways today with the Davidson’s and her treatment of Jeremy had been much worse than anything she ever said to them.

“I think the thing that would torture my sister the most into regretting her actions is to,” Rally made his sister sweat wondering if she’d be hung by her tits and used as a piñata at children’s birthday parties or have honey poured over her body and staked out with red ants.

“Go on a date with Jeremy,” he suggested. At first, this made no sense to anyone else but Rally quickly explained that his sister didn’t like to date anyone. “She’d have to be polite. She’d wear whatever her date wants. She’d go where he wants and not complain about the food or the movie. She’d have to be a perfect little angel. Dating Jeremy would repair his reputation and make him desirable to other girls and be good practice for my sister to learn how to be nice to people,” he smiled.

At first Jeremy was more panicked than Harley over this idea. He had a crush on her for years and the reason he had put gum in her pig tails those many years ago was that he liked her and didn’t know how to tell her. It was a foolish mistake on his part but once people started calling him out for a chronic public masturbator he never learned to flirt or talk to girls.

Harley creamed over bad boys –she liked Todd Hoffman despite him being an obvious asshole and she liked guys who watched wrestling and had motorcycles. She didn’t like nerdy boys who were very much like her younger brother for sure and the thought of having to go on a date at all was something she really didn’t want to do.

“You just want me to be out of the house so you aren’t under any supervision,” Harley put her hands on her hips and stood up to glare at her brother.

“Uncle Frank can watch us and Mrs. Gabby can come over and babysit while you are gone, I am sure she would keep Mom in line, Ma’am” Rally suggested. The idea of babysitting her best friend did appeal to Gabby and despite being over protective she could tell that her son secretly wanted to go on the date with the pretty girl.

“I don’t want to force her to go on a date with me,” Jeremy stammered out the words shyly as he looked at his shoes.

“Let’s give her a choice then,” Rally suggested and offered that she either get 10 donkey punches or cunt passes to the ass every day for every day she ruined Jeremy’s reputation or be his girlfriend until other girls take notice of him and she could let them ‘steal him away’.

“That rumor has been out there for five years!” Harley didn’t even know how she could fulfill that punishment since she now planned to go to Berkeley after senior year to pursue a law degree.

“Five long, hard years you could have at any time offered to make amends,” Rally argued.

“Fine, I’ll be his girlfriend but you have to promise me one thing little brother,” she admitted with a wry smile on her face.

“What is that, Ma’am?” Rally asked.

“You will have to go into law because you argue almost as well as I do. We are going to be partners!”

Epilogue
The continuing adventures of the Davidson’s would become legendary at Jackson Square Mobile Home Trailer Park. Many other stories would be written about them as they brought the NIS program eventually to their school.

Harley and Leonard walked the stage completely naked to receive their degrees in front of 2,000 people in the stadium.

That summer the discipline became more intense and Tammy, Harley, Leonard and Rally spent the entire summer completely naked. Eddie eventually returned from Alaska flush with cash but Tammy said she was done with toxic men and went to work for Earl.

She continued to work in the trailer park completely naked, and take accounting classes on the side. She eventually married Earl at a ceremony in the pristine Community Pool in front of her family and neighbors.

Tammy did make amends with the Donaldson’s by the way for breaking up their parents relationship. She spent three weeks as their personal maid and slave while Heather and Becky’s mother worked out her anger issues with the help of Gabby consulting on how to best get under Tammy’s skin.

Tammy learned to love every miserable second of it and agreed to come over every few weekends for a ‘maintenance’ beating. Sammy, Douglas and their girlfriends also started coming over and an informal club formed around treating Tammy like their slave and dog.

Gabby was the primary organizer of the club and introduced whips, chains, handcuffs, breast pumps and all sorts of naughty toys. She eventually took over disciplining Tammy after Harley left for college.

However, despite being in charge of Tammy, Gabby eventually asked to join the program herself and found a reason to be side by side with Tammy while receiving discipline. She had always been secretly jealous of Tammy and after getting out all her anger – wanted to experience what it was like to be on the receiving end. She found that she thrived on the attention. She also found when she was gagged and could not talk that the anticipation of all the things she wanted to say made her squirt and orgasm uncontrollably.

Gabby and Tammy became professional submissives on Craigslist and cleaned homes in the evenings while still finding reasons to spank and punish each other in front of random strangers. They would both do turn about and spank each other for transgressions – much to the amusement of their clients and neighbors.

The following year Rally, Jeremy and the Donaldson sisters were the first volunteers for the NIS program in their high school. Jeremy had become intensely popular as the “Guy who dated that naked hottie” and during their next year of school they both filled out and started to become more popular with girls.

The Donaldson sisters lost some of their weight as they became conscious of their bodies and always had pretty, angelic faces – it wasn’t long before they were being invited to all the popular parties and became popular themselves. The NIS program at their high school would continue for several more years.

Leonard accidentally became discovered as an underwear model when he got lost in New York City trying to find his campus. He now earns over $100,000 a year and is rumored to be dating Arianne Grande or Taylor Swift (or both).

Mr. McDonald had inherited the trailer park from his aging father and wasn’t quite sure what to do with it. He has turned it into a successful clothing optional campground now and people from the AANR (American Association of Nude Recreation) visit. Many of the long time residents were shocked but now none of them blink an eye when they see someone jogging or riding a bike around the trailer park.

The Davidson’s neighbors the Abernathy’s embraced the nudist lifestyle and walk around completely naked 24/7 except when it is a little cold out. Then they wear a small cover up. It has done wonders for their love life and they both enjoy it tremendously finding it very liberating.

Harley went on to study law at Berkeley which was coincidentally the alma matter of Mr. McDonald her benefactor.

The UC Berkeley Naked Run occurs each semester during the week leading up to final exams, during which a mass of students bare some — or in most cases all — and take a few laps through the stacks, much to the amusement or horror of the students studying.

They also have an informal week of break where many students walk around naked and the progressive school is known for its nudist activism. Harley became a leading organizer of a nude month and attended most of her classes completely nude or wearing only a body chain.

She started dating an older professor of English Literature who is also her “Master” in a BDSM relationship. She spends long weekends on his farm as a pony slave where she learns to serve him and his wife and has found strength and freedom not only from the ability to give up her clothes but also to give up her freedom.

If you enjoyed the story – this is not the end. This is merely where this chapter comes to a close and I invite you if you have never written a story to put text to page and write about the Davidsons. You could write about Gabby who herself decided that she needed to enter the program with her friend, or people as of yet not introduced to the story.

What of Mr. McDonald and his law firm? A clothing optional workplace where clients sit in a waiting room with a topless secretary?

It could happen and if it doesn’t – write about it until it does.

I hope this story inspires you to write because I enjoy reading these kinds of stories as much as I do writing them but if not – I hope it made you smile and get off.


Chapter 5

BONUS (BONER) CHAPTER

“How do we know this is not some ploy your momma cooked up to get back with Arnold,” Rhonda Donaldson said as she put her hands on her hips and looked down at Tammy. Tammy was naked with a leash attached to a dog collar on her hands and knees on the old wooden deck in front of Rhonda’s single wide trailer. Tammy wore a rubber butt plug shaped like a dog tail curving up playfully between her ass cheeks.

Rhonda had a look of complete embarrassment on her face. She couldn’t believe Tammy was really here like this. She had seen her for a few weeks around the trailer park but now that she was here on her door step it seemed far too strange for her to handle. Rhonda was plump like her daughters but had brown hair. She had enormous boobs that hung down across her stomach. She wore a pink tank top that barely covered them and the outline of her nipples could be seen through them. Rhonda wore flip flops and denim shorts.

Tammy’s daughter Harley was standing outside the trailer holding the leash. It had been a week since the Donaldson girls had spanked her with the bristle ends of the hair brush and she could still remember the feeling of what chopped steak must feel like when it is flattened with a meat tenderizing hammer. They also had a week’s worth of fresh fruit, vegetables, meat and other groceries compliments of Mr. McDonald.

“I assure you Ma’am, my Mom is here to make amends for the trouble she caused you. She is going to obey every reasonable order you have and accept any punishment you think is fitting,” Harley promised and jerked her mother’s leash to make Tammy look up at the heavyset woman standing in the doorway that was once her rival.

Tammy’s former best friend Gabby was standing on the other side with her arms folded. She nodded and said that she assured Rhonda she would be around on a regular basis to make sure that no hanky panky went on. Gabby had a tendency to be very talkative and she went through a run-down of chores and exercises that Tammy was going to be doing over the next three weeks while she lived at Rhonda’s house.

Rhonda used to be thin and sexy before Tammy stole her man a few years ago. The two of them had been close friends but one day Tammy felt insulted by an off-hand comment that Rhonda had said. It was meant in jest but Tammy could be vindictive. She decided to teach Rhonda a lesson and that night got Arnold drunk and stoned on a 12 pack of Old Milwaukee and a half ounce of weed. She told him some dirty jokes and let him think he seduced her.

It wasn’t long before Arnold moved out to be with Tammy. He even took Becky who was his biological daughter with Rhonda but he left her older daughter Heather behind. Tammy played house with Arnold for a few weeks and insisted he buy her all new furniture and clothes. Once she drained his bank account and lorded her conquest over Rhonda she started to instigate fights with Arnold and pretend to have a headache to avoid sex. She started cheating on him with his best friend openly and then finally accused him of being creepy with Harley and kicked him out.

Tammy flirted with, manipulated and eventually took Arnold back two more times over the course of six months just to prove to Rhonda that she could and repeated the same drama of flirting with him shamelessly to seduce him and then once she had him treating him like shit and kicking him out after she sucked his savings dry - only much worse. She even had him max out credit cards and payday loans to buy her a ring that she promptly pawned for half of what Arnold had paid for it.

Tammy had forgotten most of this because she had actually done much worse to two other guys from the trailer park in recent years named Sammy and Douglas. Douglas had been Gabby’s husband of nine years and Sammy was a local pastor that left his wife and smoked crack downtown after Tammy finished with him. Gabby didn’t hold a grudge about Douglas and didn’t want him back but it didn’t stop her from using it as an occasional reason to discipline Tammy. Mr. Mcdonald was doing a skip trace for Sammy’s ex-wife to see if she would be interested in meeting Tammy for payback.

“I don’t know why I agreed to this. Three weeks is a long time,” Rhonda was skeptical. She considered the tan, sexy MILF body that was naked at her door step. Rhonda had seen Tammy around the trailer park getting spanked and doing chores and heard all the rumors about what was going on in the trailer at night. She knew that Tammy was trying to turn over a new leaf and she herself had gone through the 12 step program after turning to alcohol when Arnold left her –so she knew about the steps to make amends with those you have wronged. She still thought Tammy may be up to something and she was frankly quite jealous of her body.

“Why don’t you keep her overnight and then you can bring her back if she upsets you,” Gabby suggested kindly. “I would definitely find a use for her around my trailer,” Gabby suggested and kicked Tammy’s buttocks with her foot.

Tammy accepted her treatment and let the women talk about her without saying anything. It wasn’t easy for her to keep quiet but after several weeks she had grown in self-discipline. She also knew she had wronged Rhonda and wanted to make amends. Tammyregretted her behavior but had never felt guilty about it until recently. She was also afraid that three weeks as her house slave was going to be too much but that was how long the attorney recommended after reviewing with Harley everything Tammy had done to Rhonda.

“Well, do you have anything to say about this, Tammy?” Rhonda finally addressed Tammy after considering the offer Harley and Gabby had made. She would get to use her as a personal slave for three weeks and get two months of free rent if she accepted Tammy into her home. It was too good a deal to pass up but even with that Rhonda was still skeptical. Arnold had been faithful for three years and now she was concerned that with the weight she had gained he may once again leave her for Tammy.

“I am sorry for all the horrible things I’ve done to you and your family. I was petty and vindictive and you were a good friend Rhonda. I thought I was hot shit and I took Arnold only to play with his emotions and use him. I owe you for the money he spent on me and for the trouble I caused. I don’t think three weeks will make it up but it is a start. If you will permit me to stay in your house, I promise to be a good girl and not to complain or make any trouble,” she meant every word of it even though it was difficult for the former bitch to feel empathy or guilt – she felt it now.

“I can use someone to clean and I like the free rent,” Rhonda was still on the fence about allowing Tammy in the house. Her daughters Becky and Heather were excited about the idea and wanted Harley to join her.

“If she even farts without permission or winks at Arnold feel free to spank my mom’s butt and discipline her on the spot. You can make her squat in the corner facing the wall during meal times and treat her like a dog when she isn’t cleaning,” Harley had already been over the rules and expectations several times with Rhonda and her daughters but Gabby summarized them again. “Mom knew the rules when she agreed to this and she wants to do it,” Harley explained. Mr. McDonald had suggested Tammy make amends but it was Harley who came up with this plan and Tammy agreed after a long discussion.

“If Mom doesn’t do as you say then she’ll be hung by her tits and whipped so she knows this is serious,” Harley added. Tammy nodded in agreement and looked up at her former friend trying to see harmless and no longer a threat.

“How do I know she isn’t just an attention whore and getting off on people looking at her hot body?” Rhonda asked skeptically.

“We’ll make sure she doesn’t enjoy it,” Harley bent down and jabbed a push-pin into her mother’s nipple and made Tammy hiss with pain.

“How do I know YOU aren’t lying and you get off on doing this to your mom?” Rhonda’s question was fair. Harley did enjoy putting her mother through her paces and making her pay for her past rude behavior. She also wanted to pay for her own.

“If my mom fucks up I’ll be hung by my tits right alongside her, because I am responsible for her,” Harley assured her. Rhonda seemed surprised by the girls willingness to accept such an outrageous fate if her mother messed up. She fully expected Tammy to backslide and complain because Tammy was notorious as a bitch’s bitch in the trailer park.

“Harley and Tammy are trying to turn over a new leaf. If Earl and her Uncle Frank told Harley to join her mother then she’d be on all fours with her at your door step,” Gabby assured Rhonda.

“Arf –Arf,” Harley barked playfully and hoped that Earl and Frank wouldn’t make her do that but she knew she would if it meant going to college and she trusted their decision. She had already begun to feel so much better about herself, confident, happy, and even considerate of others – these were new feelings. Harley had always SEEMED confident before but that was usually just her insecurities driving her to over compensate by being bitch and intimidating people into leaving her alone – which she assumed was her mother’s habit as well.

“I really don’t know if I should do this after all, I mean it isn’t just Arnold I am worried. I am worried about my son Ben seeing all of this,” Rhonda considered very carefully the strange offer to take her former rival into her house.

“Did someone call my name?” Ben was a short, rotund boy with dark hair and a sardonic grin.

“I didn’t know you had a son,” Harley said sweetly.

“I wave high to you almost every day on your way to school?” Ben shrugged. He was used to not being noticed. He told her he would be going to high school next year.

“I don’t see why you are worried if Ben sees,” Heather said from inside the trailer. “He has had his eyes pinned up to the window this entire time. I think he has already seen,” she giggled at her eager younger brother.

“Are you naked too?” Ben asked Harley awkwardly. He had a huge crush on the older girl but he was painfully shy.

“No, I just have the world’s tiniest bikini on,” she joked. She was completely naked save for a small belly chain. Ben knew she was naked but he was trying to make conversation.

“Is this flap part of the swimsuit?” Ben pointed to Harley’s very large clit hood that was hanging out from between her vagina lips. Her eyes told him that she didn’t appreciate the joke. He asked if he could touch it anyway with a sense of awe on his face.

“You can if you are prepared to draw back a nub,” Harley smiled at him sweetly but there was a hint that she was quite serious. He wasn’t allowed to touch her without her permission – no one was except for Earl and Frank and then only for mandatory discipline unless she agreed to permit it.

Ben cleared his throat awkwardly and changed the subject. “I’ve always wanted to ask how come when you walk I can’t see your butthole – just the crack of your ass but in porno I can see a lady’s butthole from behind?” he said. His mother rolled her eyes.

“I don’t have a butthole because girls don’t fart,” Harley teased him playfully.

Ben called bullshit on that and pointed out his sisters farted all the time. They yelled back from the living room that they would fart on his head if he didn’t come back in and stop bothering their mother while she decided what to do. He told his sisters to stop teasing him.

“If you really want to see her butthole we can make her turn around and show you,” Heather said. Harley didn’t have to do what Heather told her but she had been disciplined by her at the bus stop enough times that she generally did as she was told by Heather and called her Ma’am.

“See, this is the stuff that worries me with your mom here when I am not home,” Rhonda said as she interrupted the flirtatious teasing.

“You can be very clear who is in charge and you make the rules. If you don’t want him to touch my mom then all you have to do is say so and she will not let him,” Harley said and Rhonda seemed a little more convinced this may work but not completely.

“Oh C’mon, can I at least rub her tummy and pat her head like a real puppy? I’ve always wanted a puppy!” Ben was half-joking.

“You never showed the responsibility it takes to care for a dog,” Rhonda told him.

“Well, see here is your chance to try it with a person for a short time. I make my brothers make sure she bathes, does her chores, and starts cooking at a certain time and they learn responsibility,” Harley explained.

“We don’t really need a cook,” Rhonda started to say and then the others in her family loudly protested that her food wasn’t very good. “Well, I don’t think Tammy is going to be all that much of a Suzi homemaker either,” she snorted angrily.

“Believe my mom was pathetic when it came to cleaning up and cooking but after a few weeks of training and having good groceries to work with she has become amazing. We’ll definitely miss her cooking. If this wasn’t for her own good, I wouldn’t want her to go,” Harley assured her and said to at least try one dinner prepared by her mother before deciding.

“Come inside,” Rhonda let the three women come into the trailer since neighbors were starting to stare and she was getting tired of standing at the door.

“What if she is all sweet, and hot and this super mom who does all this cooking and cleaning without complaint and everybody loves her and then after three weeks it goes back to me?” Rhonda asked.

Arnold was watching football on TV and looked up with a beer in his hand. He had a dirty tank top and even dirtier pair of underwear on as the big man lounged in his EZ-chair. “You could try doing the same thing,” he smiled a yellow smile. He hadn’t shaved in several days. It was hard to imagine anyone fighting over him but he was considered one of the more handsome of the bachelor’s his age in the trailer park.

This didn’t help convince Rhonda that she should allow this to happen – in fact it made her more insecure. Heather, Becky and Ben on the other hand were excited and enthusiastic about Tammy staying.

“So, she is going to stay here with us for three weeks as our house pet and servant because she wants to make amends for something she did in the past. Let me ask you this then,” Rhonda had another argument to make “If she is so well behaved and considerate now then why do you guys have to discipline her and treat her like this?” she asked.

“Tammy has a short memory and a cranky attitude. If you spoil her then she’ll return to her old habits. She needs a regular reminder of her place. If she does something wrong and you don’t have time to spank her, just use a push pin like this,” Gabby removed a sharp tack from her purse and stuck it in her friends nipple and pushed in. “It barely breaks the skin and keeps her on her toes,” She explained as if it was a tip. “You can’t just flip a switch and de-bitch someone of all their old habits. It is a constant struggle but I think you can handle it, Rhonda” she said.

“Okay let’s just say I understand for a minute,” Rhonda shrugged and asked Harley how come she was naked. “You didn’t steal anyone’s man and you haven’t lived your mother’s life – why do you have to be naked?” she said.

“I don’t HAVE to be, Ma’am. I had a choice. I have done a lot of things wrong and many of them were because of my mom’s influence but that is all on me. I always had a choice. I don’t need as much as discipline as my mom but when I fuck up then I admit it and I accept it,” Harley explained before adding the part about the college tuition.

“Wait, you get a free ride to a degree and it includes housing, food, everything and all you have to do is walk around naked?” Rhonda seemed very shocked. She wasn’t interested in that for herself but she would never be able to afford to send her own kids to college and now she was jealous of the opportunity that had been offered.

“There is more to it than that. I have to volunteer to work at the park and behave myself under constant monitoring but...” Harley started to explain but Rhonda cut her off.

“How come Heather can’t do this?” Rhonda said excitedly of her eldest daughter.

“MOM!” Heather grunted her disapproval but her sister and brother both laughed and cheered at the idea

“What are you laughing about dummies? You would have to do it too! The entire Davidson family has to be naked!” Heather reminded them and they stopped laughing.

“Frank isn’t naked,” Arnold scratched his nuts and then the scruff of his neck before adjusting himself in his seat and taking a drink of beer.

“I can’t really speak for Mr. McDonald but if you want I can ask him about the prospects of any of you voluntary joining the program. I’ve been told they may even do it next year at the high school but I doubt it,” Harley told them.

Rhonda didn’t want to be naked herself but the thought of free college for her daughter did excite her. She reluctantly agreed to let Tammy stay on a trial basis and asked what they should feed her as she took stock of the groceries.

“You can feed her table scraps and tuna fish like we do at home or if she is good you can let her have what you eat,” Harley explained. The idea of her daughter telling Rhonda what she could and could not eat was extremely humiliating to Tammy – more so when she heard Rhonda chuckle.

“Shall we go over the one word commands one more time before we leave?” Harley said appreciatively once Rhonda gave her provisional approval.

SERVE – “Shout this out when you want Tammy to stand up and begin cleaning, cooking, greeting guests.”

Example: “Tammy, get up and Serve the dinner!”

PET MODE, BITCH MODE OR CRAWL: “At home we call it Bitch mode but you can call it Pet Mode or just tell her to crawl. Her default position if she isn’t doing anything is on her hands and knees in the living room waiting to be given an order or behaving like a dog.”

EXAMPLE: “Tammy, get into Bitch Mode!”

CORNER or SQUAT: “At home, I let my brother’s masturbate three times a day. Since I don’t want my mom to watch I tell her to Squat or Corner and she gets squats down in the closest corner and stares at the wall”

EXAMPLE: “Tammy, SQUAT!” and point at the wall or she will go to the nearest wall.

“Wait, your brother’s masturbate three times a day,” Rhonda was shocked by this.

“Hahah, a lot less than Jeremy Jerkins does,” Heather still believed that Jeremy was a serial public masturbator even though Harley had admitted to starting that rumor. Harley even said she had started the rumor when she explained that for their own good to keep them from having unnecessary public erections they were forced to masturbate discretely at home three times a day.

“Hrrmm, even Leonard?” Rhonda thought Leonard was very hunky. Her daughter’s teased her about it even though they too had a crush on Harley’s hunky brother.

“Every morning before school, right after school and right after bed. We have no windows and you are free to come over anytime and watch. We don’t get privacy but that doesn’t mean I have to let my mom watch,” Harley said.

“Does she get to play with herself?” Rhonda asked apprehensively.

“Not unless you want her too and if you catch her please punish her immediately!” Harley looked scornfully at her mother.

“Does she try it very often?” Rhonda found this idea secretly provocative.

“I caught her frigging her clit like it was a scratch off ticket and she was trying to find a jackpot right before she came here,” Gabby exclaimed enthusiastically before describing in detail how she took her outside and spanked her clit while making her dance and admit she was playing with herself to people as they walked past her trailer.

“So that is the kind of thing we’ll have to put up with here?” Rhonda was now not so sure she wanted this level of sexuality in her trailer anymore. She hadn’t been fully convinced and while the story was hot she wasn’t comfortable with the enthusiasm of her own family.

“Tammy is tempted easily. She is more likely to stare and eavesdrop then she is to play with herself if you have consistent discipline. She was just preparing for three weeks here and I think it scared her so she was trying to take the edge off,” Gabby admitted.

“Is that so? Are you skeered of living here?” Rhonda asked Tammy.

“Yes Ma’am, terrified” Tammy answered quickly.

“Why?” Rhonda chuckled at the notion that her attractive rival could be terrified of her.

“At home with my daughter she is at school for a good part of the day and this will be the first time I spend most of my time in bitch mode. I am also a little worried you are going to kick my ass for all the rotten things I did to you, Ma’am” Tammy admitted with a very submissive tone to her voice.

“I thought that you wanted me to kick your ass?” Rhonda enjoyed watching her friend struggle to find the right words to satisfy her.

“I do, Ma’am. I deserve it but it doesn’t make it any easier now that I am actually here,” Tammy admitted and suddenly Rhonda realized Tammy was more nervous about this then she was –which made Rhonda feel pretty good.

“Are you going to be a good doggy for me?” Rhonda asked Tammy with a patronizing tone.

“Yes Ma’am,” Tammy looked up with goo-goo eyes trying to seem sweet and harmless. She genuinely wasn’t trying to get off on the wrong foot with Rhonda.

“Bark then,” Rhonda chuckled and when Tammy made an arf noise she said she liked that. “From now on when you are in bitch mode you are to bark once for yes and twice for no, but I don’t want you telling me no when I ask you to do something,” Rhonda’s tits shook as her entire belly jiggled with laughter.

Harley and Gabby also explained that the tail was to stay in at all times unless their mother needed to shit and could only be removed with Rhonda’s permission. Rhonda’s face turned red when Arnold said she had something like toy butt plug without the tail on the end in that bedroom and she slapped his arm to hush him up in front of their kids.

Once Harley went over the other matters of care for her mother and was satisfied that Rhonda would make her own rules she and Gabby said their goodbyes.

“Harley, can I ASS you a question?” Ben said as he grabbed his own butt cheeks through his corduroys and pretended to move his butt cheeks to talk to her like Ace Ventura Pet Detective.

“What?” Harley turned and smirked. He reminded her of Rally and she would make a concerted effort to notice him from now on. She felt a little guilty for having overlooked him in the past.

“I noticed you sat down in our kitchen and I am wondering,” Ben seemed like he regretted the question before he even asked it but went ahead anyway “How come you didn’t leave a brown circle when you got up,” he smiled awkwardly.

“I told you that girl’s don’t have buttholes,” she teased him.

“I can see your mother’s butthole when she crawls!” Ben smirked at her teasing but wouldn’t let her get away with the outrageous claim.

“I wipe my butt and keep it clean,” Harley finally said with a serious face and walked out of their trailer door as his sister’s chided him for not knowing that and asking if he had a dirty butthole.

After those three weeks were over the Donaldsons learned a lot about themselves and Rhonda and Tammy both had closure. Tammy would be invited back once a month for a weekend to spend as their house pet for the next year. Heather and Becky both joined the NIS program at their high school when they started the program and Ben applied for his senior year.

      
The End 