Blessing the Harvest
by LynnLaVie

The goddess of the harvest needs her annual tribute.

"Amber Dubois." The name rang in my ears as if it weren't my own. My heart raced as everyone began to applaud and I was gently pushed forward towards the small, rustic stage where our elder awaited for me. The rush of having the honor of being the community's tribute ran through me only briefly before being swallowed by the sudden awareness of the reality of what it also implied.

I had been a witness to this event for five years now, having started to attend when I reached adulthood—as is expected from all of us—and had been nothing but a silent spectator since then. Despite knowing it is the highest honor anyone in the community may have, deep down, the thought of being chosen terrified me just as much as it should ennoble me.

I had seen the way the tributes were ravished, tended to by so many individuals, I couldn't even keep count. I had clinged on to Oliver, my now husband, since we were still teens watching in awe, secretly hoping I would never go through that level of exposure.

But here I was, my winning streak broken forever, as I walked, legs trembling, between all the smiling faces and soft reverences of people I had known my entire life. My face burned hotly at that thought. Modesty wasn't something that was ingrained into our upbringing, but I was a timid person, nonetheless.

My arms wrapped tightly around my belly as I clenched my light sundress, knowing its concealing fabric would be gone in just a while.

"My family, the goddess has chosen our Amber Dubois as tribute for the blessing of our harvest!" Our eldest member announced this with so much pride, my heart sank knowing I was being ungrateful. While I was praying to not be chosen, there were others who spent their entire lives silently yearning for the contrary. I knew I should be happy that the goddess had selected me, but I couldn't help but think of those bodies that moaned loudly, writhing, almost suffocated by all the individuals that made sure no inch of them was left untouched. The terror settled at the pit of my stomach, the reality of it all increasing when I finally stood in front of all the adults of the community.

"As is tradition, the tribute will now be offered in exchange for a fertile harvest." My pale cheeks must have nearly shined crimson as I heard those words.

Oliver had followed close behind me and was now standing in the front rows, eyes full of joy and pride for me. But all I could feel was how the anxiety drowned out the honor. How would I be able to look all these people in the eye after this? And what if I performed poorly? What if I wasn't a good tribute?

My heart threatened to escape from my chest while I swallowed the knot in my throat. It was taking everything I had in me to not just run off.

And then, Oliver paced towards me, with that radiant smile of his, and cupped my face, his lips meeting mine in a warm, reassuring kiss. "I'm with you," he whispered so only I could hear him, his forehead still touching mine.

I nodded warily. I could put up with participating in the ritual if it was only with him. But the tradition was clear; tributes should be ravished freely by anyone who wanted to partake in the event. It was an honor to be the vessel that would be filled with the positive energies of all those who offered them, and it was just as honorable to be a deliverer of these nurturing vibrations.

"You've got this," he whispered encouragingly as he pulled away slightly and signaled me to get started with just a simple nod of the head. I did my best to focus only on his intense, green eyes, trying to ignore the other hundreds that must be on me, as I pulled the bottom rim of my dress over my head, removing the garment easily.

The warmth of the summer night air kept me from feeling cold, yet my skin was covered in goosebumps. I skipped from one foot to the other in my spot, eyes pleading my husband for help as I wrapped my arms around my small breasts, trying to cover their now exposed skin.

Again, Oliver addressed me with his characteristic patience. "Come on, A, it's just us two for now." I gave a single nod and reached down to push my underwear to my knees, trembling madly despite my determination to comply. My dear husband held me by my shoulders as I stepped out of the small piece of fabric, finally as nude as the day I was born.

Taking a deep breath, my dark eyes still locked with his green ones, I got down to my knees to be at level with his groin. For a fleeting second I forgot we were surrounded by so many people, as the joy of seeing the marked bulge in his pants invaded me. It was so endearing to see he could still get hard from just seeing me naked, after so many years of being intimate with one another.

Ignoring my crowd, I mouthed the phallic form over the fabric of his clothes, trying to tease him, getting him as hard as possible before I'd release the tormented organ. He, on the other hand, was quick to be ready, yanking off his shirt in a fluid movement and reaching down to unbutton his pants to give me skin-to-skin access.

The thrill of seeing his thickened, wet cock standing proud was enough to remove some of the tension for me, as I focused on wrapping my lips around it. Oliver's knees buckled as I did my best to swallow him whole, and he tangled his fingers in my dark curls, gently guiding my head to follow his rhythm.

My eyes fluttered shut as I enjoyed our false intimacy, loving the taste and form of the organ I had serviced so many times since we were teens.

My calmness was cut short when an unknown hand caressed my ass from behind me. I tried to release Oliver to look back, but his soft voice soothed me, instead, "A, it's all right. Focus on me."

But how could I possibly do that when the stranger's fingers were already beginning to trail down to my most intimate parts? I tried my best to calm my breathing, to let myself relax and accept this was the goddess' request of me, but I couldn't help but tensen up when the prying fingers slid easily into my wet pussy. Two, then three, and I knew what was coming next.

The sticky hand settled at my hip and I closed my eyes, concentrating on my husband's cock in my mouth, intent on ignoring the other, very different one pushing into me from behind. I remained still, accepting the intruding organ, inevitably noticing how it expanded me, a sensation that was actually pleasurable. Very pleasurable. Before I could even notice what I was doing, I found myself rocking back to receive more, moving my hips in sync with the person I couldn't see.

"There ya' go," Oliver encouraged me from above, moving back and forth in my mouth slowly, leisurely enjoying the act. I glanced up at him and found him looking curiously at the point where my body was being joined to another. I swear I could have felt him go harder in my mouth.

Knowing I was being filled by two men at the same time became oddly exciting. I still didn't know who was behind me, and I had no intentions of finding out, which surprisingly became a different rush all on its own. I knew I still had many more people who would come my way, and I would keep my eyes closed at all moments; the goddess only needed me to be the vessel for their seeds and positive energies, she didn't need me to see who would deposit them. I would remain relaxed, accepting it all in my earthly body, and I'd enjoy it; I just wouldn't look at anyone's face because I was sure I wouldn't be able to bear going about as if nothing had happened later on.

The thick cock was so different to Oliver's. I had only ever been with him and this sudden change provided a new sensation I had not expected at all. The stranger's movements were rougher, more desperate and definitely just to-the-point. A few, more delicate hands joined, pinching my nipples and guiding me either way, encouraging me to take in as much as possible of both hard members. I hadn't even fully gotten used to the unknown organ behind me when I felt the man shudder against my rear, spilling himself inside and leaving just as quickly as he had arrived.

Oliver, on the other hand, caressed my face over and over, telling me how good I was and how proud everyone, including him and the goddess, was for how great I was taking it. My hands clutched his hips as I held onto him for dear life, still agitated by the entire situation.

The sticky cum of the stranger began to slip down my thighs, but the softer hands parted my legs insistently and pushed the fluid back into me. Despite the apprehension that enveloped me, I moaned loudly at the unexpectedly hot sensation, earning a small round of applause that left my face burning red.

"Honey, I'm going to kneel down now, next to you, so you can continue doing this on all fours, okay?" Oliver's sweet voice was soothing as I felt another male stranger petting my head. I almost opened my eyes angrily at the gesture, but reminded myself that this was my duty.

Completely in the dark and unstable, I felt how I was maneuvered, with Oliver steadily at my side, providing his full support, and a man finally placed himself underneath me, making me straddle him while I held onto my husband. The stranger pushed into my perfectly lubricated pussy and began to shove with just as much determination as the previous one. More hands joined now to touch every exposed inch of skin, and though my heart was racing from the anxiety, my insides began to clench greedily onto the hard cock, as my clit rubbed against its base with every thrust.

The heat of my arousal was growing alarmingly, and I was more than aware that I was about to climax while being penetrated and touched by multiple people I refused to recognize, when a few prying hands began to open my butt cheeks.

My mouth released Oliver quickly and I opened my eyes, but my face was caught between his warm hands, making me look only at him. "A, you know how this goes..." he reminded me lovingly. He was right. I had seen this scenario with five different tributes so far. We had never participated other than as a supporting audience, delivering our prayers to the goddess as the moans invaded our ears. But I had seen, red-faced by my own, shameful excitement, how the female tributes were filled with the seeds of as many participants as the night allowed.

Despite this, my entrance clenched tightly as the insistent fingers tried to make their way in, covered by the cum from my previous provider.

"But..." I began to protest as Oliver's intense, green eyes gazed at me with all the pride he could show me. Leaning forward, he kissed me reassuringly and my heartbeat calmed down. This was an honor some people never got to experience. I had to appreciate it all: the opportunity to be a receptacle to channel all the community's good vibrations for the goddess, along with the physical retribution of having my body pleasured in a way I would never be able to replicate.

I closed my eyes again, another unexpected moan escaping my lips, pushing back to accept the nimble fingers. Once I had relaxed, the sinful and new sensation was surprisingly pleasurable, the heat at my pussy escalating rapidly as I became increasingly aware of the fact that there now must be at least ten hands touching me, guiding me, caressing, squeezing, and pinching at all points of my body.

The wet fingers managed to expand me much quicker than I would have thought I would open myself, and before I could finish patting myself on the back for my good behavior, I was tested once again, with the tip of a cock dipping into my relaxed hole. I squealed in protest at the novelty—I wasn't sure if it was just because I had never received a cock there, but the organ felt extremely large, much more than the others I had now experienced in my pussy.

I panted against Oliver's groin, clinging desperately onto him as he caressed my head. The cock was merciless, sliding in up to the hilt insistently, before rapidly pulling almost completely out, to slide back in with just as much speed.

The whole force of the rough movements rocked me forward before I was held in place by the multiple hands. I hardly could register the man still thrusting underneath me; all sensation now only focused on the cock pounding into my ass.

The discomfort as I adapted to the sheer size of the member would have been less had I not tensed up as much as I did. But I was achingly aware of how many people were there, watching as my virgin ass was invaded for the first time in my life. Observing my naked body as it was ravished by all those who desired to participate.

A few of the soft hands trailed down my abdomen, further south to where I was being joined to the stranger beneath me, and opened my unshaved lips, sliding between them to caress my hardened clit. I stuffed my mouth with Oliver's cock, finding the phallic form to be harder than ever, to muffle my loud moans.

I rubbed myself shamelessly against the fingers, suddenly enticed by the sensation of three thick organs inside me at the same time while multiple hands pawed at me, and the pure, hot pleasure of it all began to pulse from my pussy, invading my entire being. The waves of physical gratification coursed through my body and I distantly noticed how each of the three men invading me filled me with their seeds.

A large roar of applause rang in my ears as the public celebrated my climax. The goddess would be extremely pleased—having the tribute satisfied was a great omen.

I held tightly onto Oliver as I allowed the unknown hands maneuver me again to receive two more men. And after those were satiated, another two followed, and then more, and more. I completely lost count.

The anxiety melted completely and all I could feel was a divine pleasure as my holes were repeatedly filled with the seed of my community. I drowsily accepted them all, enjoying the way the other, delicate hands would try to push the cum back into me, rubbing my sensitized skin on their way. But I was already too full; far too many had volunteered this year and I could only keep in a limited amount of the plentiful fluids. My earthly vessel was overflowing.

I glanced up at Oliver, warmed by his admiring gaze. We nodded in silence to one another, knowing well what the other was thinking. This would definitely be a blessed harvest, and the night still wasn't over yet.
