He awoke with a smile, soft kisses being pressed to his face. He opened his eyes to see Wesley smiling down at him. He pulled Wesley down for a proper kiss.

Kissing Wesley was like a drug, a habit that he just couldn’t seem to quit. One that he didn’t want to quit. It made him dizzy with need, but they couldn’t. Not yet. They needed to talk first.

He ran a hand down Wesley’s body, resting it on the smooth curve of Wesley’s ass. Wesley sighed into his mouth. Seemed like Wesley was ready to go for round two. Will pulled out of the kiss.

“Are you sore?”

“Not really. No. Why? Are you ready to go again?” Wesley looked so excited and so happy, and fuck, the kid was glowing. Will really hated to tell him no, but they really needed to talk.

“Later.” The smile vanished and he could read the disappointment in Wesley’s eyes. He hated that he was the one to put that there.

“Aw Wes. Don’t look at me like that. Later, I promise. We need to talk first.” Wesley pushed away from Will and flopped down on his back, sighing heavily. Will bit his lip to keep his own sigh from escaping.

“Why are you being difficult?”

“I’m not being difficult. I just don’t want to talk.”

“We need to talk, Wes.”

“Why? Didn’t I talk enough last night?”

“Wesley.” But Wesley didn’t say anything. Instead, he got out of bed. Will panicked for a moment. Would Wesley really leave when they had the whole day to themselves? He let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding when he heard water running. He wasn’t leaving after all.

He freshened up himself when Wesley was done, and when he finished he came out to find Wesley standing with his back to Will, ramrod straight, the tension in his muscles obvious to even someone who didn’t know him as well as Will did.

He was afraid Wesley would push him away if he touched him, but he couldn’t just let him stand there with all of that tension. Will felt himself relax when Wesley didn’t push him away, allowing Will to massage Wesley’s back until he finally relaxed against Will, allowing Will to wrap his arms around him. Wesley finally spoke.

“I know first hand how dangerous it can be out here. I always knew there was a possibility of losing my mom, especially after my father, and that sucks, but these past few days made me very aware of the fact that the thought of losing you scares the hell out of me, and that also scares the hell out of me.”

“Last night?” Wesley turned in his arms, wrapping his own around Will’s neck. Wesley kissed him once and pulled away smiling. He was glad that Wes knew exactly what Will was talking about.

“I meant what I said last night. I love you Will, but this is all so new and exciting and…”

“Scary?” Wesley let out a chuckle. “Yeah, scary. What was your first love like?”

“Nothing like this.” Wesley cocked his head and looked at Will questioningly. After the past few days, there was no way that he could keep this from Wesley, and he definitely didn’t want to. After a scare like that, he never wanted to keep anything from Wesley again.

“Well, I’ve been in love, or at least I think I have.”

“You think you’ve been in love?”

“It’s not so simple. I was in love at the time, and this sounds like something out of some fucking cheesy romantic movie, but it’s never been quite like this before. I’ve certainly never loved anyone so deeply before.”

Wesley’s face didn’t give anything away as he pulled out of Will’s embrace, grabbing his hand and pulling him towards the bed. He sat on the bed against the headboard and patted the empty spot next to him for Will to join him. He had just confessed something huge to Wesley and the kid still hadn’t said anything yet.

Still, he sat down on the bed next to Wesley, who immediately leaned against him, tilting his head up to pull Will in for a kiss.

“Will, you have no idea what it means to me for you to admit to me what you just did. I want you to know that, but now, I believe this talking thing goes both ways.”

Will snorted. “Right. Of course.” He was ready to tell Wesley the rest of it.

“Like you said earlier, we know what we’re getting into when we sign up for this. I’ve never been worried about myself. If I died, then it was in the line of duty. Not that I wanted to die or anything, but I was prepared for it. I knew it was a possibility. I can deal with away missions gone bad, and this one may have been worse, but I’ll get over it. But now I have you and I love you, and I hate that you have to deal with these bad away missions now too. It changes things. I don’t want to lose you and I don’t want you to have to deal with losing me. It makes me not want to go on away missions, and I can’t have that. I have to be on the top of my game, or I will get hurt.”

Wesley straddled him and held Will’s face in his hands.

“Don’t worry, Will. This is just something we’ll have to deal with. Together.”

“I know.”

“Are you going to be okay?”

“Yeah, I’m going to be just fine.”

He smiled at Wesley. He wasn’t lying. He would be just fine. It was just something they would have to deal with, just like any other couple on the ship. Wesley must have seen that he was telling the truth because he smiled at Will and leaned in to whisper in his ear.

“Good, because I believe you promised me sex.”

Will couldn’t help the laugh that escaped.

“Brat,” he whispered, but he pulled Wesley in for a kiss. He had promised him sex after all.