The Story of Jenny Part 3 - Jenny Has Help

Jenny was talking to her friends Beckie and Vicky about why and how she disciplines her boyfriend.  After their visit on a Friday night two weeks ago, in which they watched him receive a very severe caning, they had each individually approached Jenny and asked her if she would tell them more about the scene, and if they would be able to get some practice under her tutelage.  Jenny, of course, was happy to oblige.

She told them how her disciplining him was a turn-on to both of them and how it dramatically kept their lives, romantic and otherwise, interesting.  She invited them to participate in a discipline session, and they readily agreed.  She described the forthcoming scenario.  "Before the session, I'll cut up a few sheets of paper into little squares.  Then for each little piece of paper I'll roll a pair of dice and write down the number on the paper, fold it up and put it in a jar.  When one of us is spanking him, another of us will draw numbers out of the jar and announce the number.  He'll get that many strokes.  How about Saturday at eight?  Sound good?"

They enthusiastically agreed.  Jenny arranged that Beckie and Vicky would show up a little before eight.  Jenny's boyfriend would already be there at that time, but would not know details about the session until the other women arrive.

When Saturday evening came, Beckie and Vicky arrived as scheduled, and Jenny provided refreshments to her guests.  After a few minutes of small talk, Jenny took the opportunity to direct the evening's activities and announced to her boyfriend, "I've asked Beckie and Vicky to help with tonight's discipline session, and they're also going to help with giving you the hairbrush and strap.  I offered to give them some training."  He saw a look of excitement and anticipation in the eyes of the guests, no doubt due in part to their recollection of the severe caning that he received from Jenny two weeks ago.

Jenny turned to him and ordered, "Let's get started. Get completely undressed!  Now!  Everything!"  He knew better than to delay, so he quietly complied.  While he undressed, Jenny brought out the jar full of numbers to be drawn.  After he was totally naked, Jenny pulled one of the kitchen chairs into the middle of the living room, sat down, and pulled her short skirt up higher.

"It's important when you're giving over-the-knee punishment, that your lap is completely level, like this," she told her friends as she spread her feet apart while keeping her thighs close together.  Turning to him, he ordered, "Now get me the hairbrush."

When he handed her the instrument of punishment, she motioned for him to position himself over her lap.  When he was positioned to her satisfaction, she told her friends, "Most of the time I alternate between each side of his bare bottom, and I choose a slightly different place each time, although I confine all the strokes to his backside.  If he interferes, I may give him several HARD strokes in succession in the same place.  I had to do that a lot when I first started to spank him, but as you saw from a couple of weeks ago, he has developed some self-discipline."

"Beckie, why don't you draw the numbers from the jar for a while."

Beckie withdrew one of the folded papers from the jar, opened it, and announced, "Eight."

Jenny started the discipline session and proceeded to pound away eight times.  Each stroke reverberated through the room as Beckie and Vicky watched with wide-eyed fascination.

"Next one, Beckie!"

"Five!"

Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!  Whap!

"Next?"
	
"Twelve!"

Jenny proceeded to administer the twelve hard strokes in an inexorable cadence.  Her boyfriend started to react with an "Ohh!" or an "aaaahhh!" to some of the well placed strokes.

"Next, Beckie?  If the total comes to less than ten, add the following number."

Beckie drew a number, and then another one.  "Fifteen."

Fifteen more strokes landed to the accompaniment of his vocal reactions to the mounting pain.  And so it went until Beckie had tallied several more numbers.

"Your turn, Beckie, and Vicky will tally for a while.  We have a ways to go, so I want to give each of you a chance at both the hairbrush and the strap."

Beckie took her place in the center of the living room, positioned herself so that her lap was level, put her knees together, and, pointing to her lap, said to him, "Get in position now!"

Jenny handed the hairbrush to Beckie and asked Vicky to draw from the jar, and if the number is less than ten, add the next number to it.  Vicky drew two numbers and announced, "fourteen."

Beckie slowly started to paddle his bared bottom with the hairbrush.  After a few strokes, Jenny interjected, "Harder, Beckie!  Put some energy into it!  Start over from one."

Beckie needed no further encouragement, and took to her task naturally, getting the same kinds of reaction from him as Jenny got.  She beamed with pride at the end of the volley of swats, and waited for the next tally.  After she had administered over sixty swats, Jenny had Vicky take her place.

Vicky was a fast learner, having observed both Jenny and Beckie, and when she heard the number eleven, started to methodically and energetically impart the strokes to his already reddened backside.  Jenny commented, "That's good, Vicky!"

After Jenny drew several more numbers, Vicky administered close to seventy five swats to a squirming male.  Jenny announced, "Okay, now it's time for the strap!"

Jenny ordered him to fetch the leather strap.  She repositioned the chair so that when he is in position to receive the strap, his bared bottom would be facing toward the women.  When he returned and handed Jenny the strap, she bent him over the back of the chair and told her friends, "He has to stay bent over the chair until and unless I tell him he can get up.  If he gets up during the strapping, he gets several extra strokes at the end of the session for each time he gets out of position.  He can yell, and kick, and wiggle, but he must stay bent over.  As you might guess, he has had to get extra strokes many times during the first couple of months.  But his self-mastery and my encouragement has pretty much taken care of that.  I still like to try to extend his limits of endurance from time to time, and I know he has a very difficult time staying in position then."

"Stand almost to one side, like this.  When you give the strap, always follow through with the stroke, like when you're playing tennis.  Don't stop the swing when it hits, keep on going. Vicky, would you draw, please?"

"Twelve."

"Okay, now, watch the follow-through..."

With that, Jenny gave him twelve ferocious strokes with the strap.  He gave an exclamation with each one.

"Next, Vicky?"

"Nineteen."

Jenny delivered the nineteen strokes vigorously and rather quickly.  He had begun to wiggle and occasionally plead with Jenny.

Vicky drew a couple more more numbers, to the accompaniment of the sound of the well-used leather strap striking naked skin, and his more urgent pleading.

"The hairbrush warmed up and tenderized his butt for the strap," stated Jenny.  "I like to give him the hairbrush or paddle first, if I'm going to use the strap later - it makes it more interesting.  Your turn, Beckie.  And don't forget the follow-through."

Beckie took the strap from Jenny, paused a moment, and then asked, "Jenny, do you have a little bell?  A little brass one, like the kind that you'd use during the holidays?"

Jenny, looking puzzled, slowly answered, "Well, yes, do you want to have it now?"  Beckie nodded and Jenny went to look for the bell.  A few moments later Jenny returned and handed the bell to Beckie, along with a length of string.

"Stand up, now, and turn around," Beckie commanded the male who was positioned for the strap.  When he did so, she further instructed him, "Spread your legs apart, and put your hands behind you...  wider!"  When he did as instructed, Beckie proceeded to tie the bell to his ball sac so that the bell hung down a few inches below his testicles.  With the effect of Beckie's expert fingers handling him, along with the heat on his backside from the hairbrush spanking and the recent strapping, he quickly developed an erection.  Beckie and the other women smiled knowingly.

"Into position again," she commanded.

"Now I'm really gonna ring his bell," exclaimed Beckie, much to the delight of the other women present.  She picked up the strap, said, "I'm going to enjoy this", and took her position to one side of the soon-to-be recipient of her attentions.  "The count, Vicky..."

When Vicky announced the count for the first number, Beckie went right to work, giving vigorous, forceful, well-placed strokes of the strap on his naked backside.  Each time she delivered a stroke the bell, which was tied to his balls, clanged.

After several strokes, he gave an exclamation, no doubt realizing that Vicky would take her turn after Beckie was through with him.  "Next?"

"Fourteen!"

The process went on for count after count, stroke after stroke, without Jenny calling a halt to Beckie's administering of the strap.  While he didn't know how long Beckie would wield the strap, he was certain that it would be however long Jenny wanted her to, and would not end one stroke sooner.

To him, Beckie's attentions seemed to go on forever; to Beckie, the session was a magnificent turn-on as she felt the tingling dampness of her vaginal area lubricating from the excitement of her participation in his discipline.  Her recipient kicked and twisted with each stroke, causing the bell to clang almost constantly.

After considerable time with Beckie wielding the strap, Jenny told her to stop.  Beckie's eyes were wide with excitement.

Vicky, anticipating her turn wielding the strap, got up and handed the jar to Jenny.  Jenny announced, "Vicky, I'm going to tally up several numbers in advance, and then you can have at it for the entire number of strokes.  Jenny then added up the tally for item after item drawn from the jar, and announced to Vicky, "Fifty six.  Don't forget to follow through."

Vicky, with the strap in her hand, looked at the reddened backside of the male, and announced to him, "Don't think for a minute that I'll be easy on you because the others got to you first.  I'm going to treat this as a fresh new strapping for you, and I'm going to thoroughly enjoy it."

Vicky started in on the already strap-ravaged bottom of her male charge, delivering vigorous swats with a perfect follow-through.  His reactions to her ministrations showed that her efforts had the intended effect.

*smack!*

"Ow! Ow!  Oh that hurts!"

*smack!*

"Ohhh!  Not so hard!"

*smack!*

"Oh please no more!  Stop just for a minute!"

*smack!*

"Please, Vicky, PLEASE!!!"

*smack!*

"Ohhhh!!!"

On and on it went.  Jenny looked on with approval as Vicky altered the cadence of the punishment instrument which she wielded with such perfection, so that he would not be able to anticipate the timing.  Jenny recognized that he was struggling to stay in position, stood in front of him and gently held his shoulders while Vicky continued.  "You just stay in position there.  Vicky's going to give you the whole allotment of strokes, and if you get out of position, I'm going to let HER give you the extra strokes, and SHE will decide how many extra to give you."

Vicky paused for a moment, then said, "Twenty more strokes to go," and delivered them as fast as she could while he yelled, kicked, and twisted with each one.  When Vicky had finished, Jenny allowed him to stand up and move around, but announced that the session wasn't finished yet, and that she had something more to show the women about strapping.

After a short break, Jenny told him to get into position again.  After he complied, Jenny asked Beckie to pick the numbers and announce them one at a time.  When Beckie picked the first number and said the count was six, Jenny took the strap and stood directly behind her boyfriend.

"Here's what you can do when you want to really make an impression with the strap", Jenny instructed, and gave six rapid strokes, going in both directions with a forehand and backhand motion.

"Oww!   Ahh!   Oooh!   Owwowww!   Ohhh!    Aaaahhh!", he cried out as Jenny delivered the blows to his already splotched bared bottom.

"He really has a hard time staying in position when I'm doing this," Jenny said with a giggle.

Beckie, lubricating heavily from the scene, drew several more numbers from the jar and announced them.  Each time, Jenny administered the strokes while standing directly behind her boyfriend, rapidly alternating forehand and backhand strokes while he struggled to receive them.

At this point Jenny told her boyfriend that the spanking session was over, and that he could put his briefs on and join in the conversation.  He donned his briefs and indicated that he preferred to stand rather than sit.

A little while later, the guests left.

"God I'm hot," Jenny said to her boyfriend.  "Let's go to the bedroom"

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
