The Little Teddy Bear (story codes: Mg10, cosplay, teddy bear, uncle/niece, oral, first)

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

============



"Hey, look at this, Megan!" I hollered from across the room.

"What?" my niece asked, pulling her head out of an old trunk she was rummaging through and looking over at me.

I held out up a dusty, thread-bare teddy bear. "It's Crackers! My old teddy bear from when I was a kid!"

"Cool!" Megan answered, lifting herself up from the trunk. With only a few steps on her slender legs, she walked across the attic to where I was standing.

As I watched her walk, my mind was flooded with thoughts of what an adorable girl she was. Still a small thing, still the girl that I had known so well for the last several years, she had nonetheless suddenly, surprisingly, became a long-limbed, large-footed filly, her body still young but perfectly poised to accept the explosion of hormones that were even now being unleashed within her, her ovaries flooding her with the magic of estrogen as she, still but ten years old, peered over the edge to eleven, to puberty, and to the promise of awakening adulthood beyond. She was at the ideal age in my mind, still a child in so many ways but at the same time wanting, even craving, to be thought of as mature by others, especially by the adults around her but even by her friends, and by herself. For a girl of this age, a girl like Megan, it is an almost imperceptible change in behavior that only her beloved uncle would notice; others close to her notice certain changes in behavior, and of course also the physical changes, not just the long limbs but also the budding breasts and, her uncle can only assume, the sprouting of little curls between her legs. But there is also new behavior that she shares only with her uncle; smiles and twinkling eyes full of understanding, or at least curiosity. And touches. Little touches. They'd been touching each other a lot lately.

"Crackers is his name?" Megan said, delicate fingers grazing against mine as she took the old bear from me.

"Yeah," I smiled, reminiscing about my distant childhood. "I named all my stuffies after food!"

Megan giggled, so adorably, as she wrapped her arms around the bear and held him tight. "That's cute," she said, a barely-perceptible lisp, just a slight extra buzzing of the "th" in the word "that's," that was reflective of the fact that she had just gotten her braces put on a few weeks earlier and was still learning how to talk with them. "Can I keep him?" she asked, looking up at me with wide blue eyes, her little nose dotted with freckles.

"Of course!" I answered.

She held him out in front of her. "Crackers, you can be mine now, OK? You can sleep with me. Will you like that?"

"Yes, I will!" I said in a muffled, high-pitched voice. Megan giggled, her eyes shining at me.

"I love him," she said, as she set him down on a chair. "What else is in there?" She leaned over the plastic storage bin I was sifting through.

"I don't know, I just started in on this one."

She leaned over further, reaching into the tub, and pulled a stuffed alligator out. She gave it a hug.

"Do you miss Grandma?" I asked her. I suspected the hugging of an alligator, even a stuffed one, might be indicative of some unexpressed sadness.

She looked at me and nodded.

"Me too."

"She was the greatest grandma ever," the poor girl said, a tear rolling down her cheek.

"She really was," I answered, and put my hand on her shoulder. She dropped the alligator back into the tub and turned to me and we wrapped our arms around each other, holding tight. Tears began to flow from my eyes as well.

It'd been over a month now since my mother had died, and the hole that left in my heart was huge, but I knew it wasn't even remotely as big as the hole in Megan's heart. The two of them had been as close as you could ever imagine a grandmother and a granddaughter could be. My heart ached for the poor girl, and that in turn raised feelings within me, protective feelings that led me to want to hold her and comfort her.

She broke away from our hug first, which was good because I was never going to voluntarily let go of her. She wiped her eyes and gave me a little smile.

"I'm glad you wanted to go through this stuff up here with me," I said. "It would have been so hard to do it all alone."

She nodded and gave that sweet smile again. "I think it's good. It makes me feel happy thoughts." She leaned over and picked up another stuffie, a turtle this time.

"You are so mature! I'm so impressed with how mature you are. That is a very mature way to look at it." I knew that was just the sort of compliment she loved. Alas, she knew me well enough to know just what game I was playing, too. She threw the turtle at me, giggling.

"I'm serious!" I said as I leaned over and picked up the projectile reptile. "It is very mature of you!"

She was already scampering away across the pine floor of the attic as I launched the stuffed turtle back at her. She picked it up and ducked behind an old couch. When she peeked her head up to see what I was up to, she was greeted with a stuffed zebra at point-blank range. She dashed out from behind the couch and ran to the tub, which I had foolishly left unguarded in my zealous pursuit of the perfect stuffed animal fight moment. She scooped up an armful of stuffies and dashed back to her cover, pelting me with Beanie Babies as she went. I myself ran back to the stuffie tub and found that the little tart had nearly emptied it of animals. But something else caught my eye.

"Cool!" I said, lifting an old Halloween costume out of the tub--Robin Hood, it appeared to be. "I remember this! I wore this when..."

I was interrupted by another fusillade of stuffies raining on me from behind the couch.

My little enemy peeked out from her hiding spot as I leaned back into the tub. "This thing is full of Halloween costumes!" I said.

She peppered me with a few more stuffies, just for fun. A reminder, I suppose you might consider it, of how easily she can go from the surprisingly mature to the entirely childish. In a heartbeat, it seems. Then she came walking over to the tub again.

"Wow," I said, pulling a Sleeping Beauty dress out of the box. "I can't believe Grandma saved all of these."

Megan held the Sleeping Beauty dress up to herself--it was about half the size that she would need. "Were you Sleeping Beauty?" she asked me with a little grin.

I laughed. "That would have been something to see!"

"Oh look at this!" she hollered, diving into the tub and pulling out another costume. "It's Crackers!"

I laughed out loud. "It is!" It was, in fact, a teddy bear costume, and while it didn't look especially like my old stuffed bear, it was the same golden-brown color at least. "I don't remember that costume, it must have been someone else's. Maybe even your mom's."

"It's so cute!" she said, holding it up to herself. "I think it will fit me!" It clearly would not, the arms and legs were far too short, although she might just be able to squeeze into it. Before I could voice my opinion at all, she had kicked off her shoes and was pulling it on over her clothing.

"Looks like it won't fit," I said, as she clearly could not pull it on over her jeans.

"No, I think it will, just..." She pulled the costume back off, and in a heartbeat, had her jeans unbuttoned and then had dropped them to her feet. With not the least hint of bashfulness at all, she stepped out of her pants and started pulling the outfit on again. I stood mesmerized by the beautiful sight of her long skinny legs; this was of course hardly the first time I'd see her bare legs before, but every time I'd seen them I'd had the same physical reaction: heart suddenly beating faster, mouth going dry, uncomfortable swelling in my pants. I guess you could say I was a bit obsessed with the young girl's legs. The fact that today, here in this attic, they ended in a sweet little pair of pink panties with--oh my god is that Strawberry Shortcake on them?--only made matters worse.

Mercifully, she had the little costume pulled up over Strawberry Shortcake quick enough. She had to shimmy a bit to get her little ass into the tight confines of the outfit, but it did actually fit her, just barely, around the waist. She started pulling it onto her arms as well but half-way into it realized that as with her pants, it wouldn't fit over her shirt, and she'd need to take it off. Again lacking all self-consciousness, she just pulled the shirt right off and slipped her arms back into the sleeves of the costume.

For a brief moment, I had my first glimpse at the girl in nothing but a bra. She'd started wearing bras occasionally a year or so ago, but those were just thin cotton trainers for girls who really don't need bras, but want to try them out. Maybe they help a little bit if the girl has swelling nipples she wants to conceal, but as best I could tell, Megan really didn't need them at all back then. Now, though. it's a different story. I'd noticed over the last few months that her bras seemed to be taking on a certain shapeliness. I still wasn't convinced she actually needed to wear them, but she had at least graduated to something like a "cup," even if it was a very small cup, made even smaller by the fact that there was very little flesh at all to fill it up.

She pulled the zipper up the front, but now the fact that the body of the suit wasn't quite big enough to fit her torso came into play. The neck of the costume barely fit over her shoulders, and she was having trouble zipping it up any higher than her breastbone. She looked up at me with an annoyed sort of expression, then down at the zipper, and we both realized that it'd gotten snagged on the top hem of one of the little cups of her bra. She pulled up and down on it, without success.

"Here," I said, reaching out. "Can I help?"

She stood there motionless while I yanked on the zipper a bit.

"Boy, I don't know..." I said, but right then it dislodged and I pulled it down, accidentally unzipping it to her navel. The front of the costume opened, revealing her little bra cups again.

She giggled. Then, leaving it unzipped, she pulled the hood of the costume on over her head. "How do I look?" she asked, little bear ears bobbing with her laughter..

"Like the most adorable snuggly teddy bear in the history of the world!" I said, in all honesty. "You want me to try to zip it up again?" I reached out to the zipper, but all I actually did was poke her in the belly.

She giggled at the ticklish poke. "OK!"

"Maybe we should take your bra off, though? So it doesn't get stuck again?"

She smiled up at me, her thin lips such a rich, beautiful red, and her cheeks now crimson with blush. "OK," she said again, and pulled the hood off of her head and slinked her shoulders down so the costume fell off of them. After she freed her arms, she reached around her back and unhooked her bra.

I had never seen her new little breasts before. In fact, I hadn't even seen her nipples in many years, since she was four or five. But today, up there in the old dusty attic of my mother's house, she just took her bra off right in front of me and let me look.

Her nipples were swollen, tapering up until they ended an inch above her chest in a little dark red nub. Other than those proud pale nipples, crying out to be admired as visions of awakening womanhood, there was little else to constitute a breast. Maybe just the slightest fattening mound beginning to lift those adorable nipples higher into the air. As I stared, her face grew even redder, and she slipped the sleeves of the costume on her arms again.

I didn't want to zip the costume up. I just wanted to stand there and stare at her baby breasts forever. But I knew I had to zip it up eventually, I'd told her I would. So I reached down and, poking her belly one more time, grabbed the zipper and started pulling it up. As the top tightened around her chest, it had the wonderful momentary effect of pressing her breasts together just slightly, which caused her little nipples to swell up even more. As the zipper closed the top around them and they began to disappear, I realized that this moment, this sudden extra swelling of those adorable baby nipples, was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. I realized my cock was rock-hard now.

I couldn't pull the zipper up much further than it had been before when it had snagged on her bra, because the top of the costume just didn't fit her well enough. And so, even though her little breasts were covered, her upper chest was wonderfully bare. When I let go of the zipper as she lifted the teddy bear hood back into place on her head, I let my fingers trail up, just to have the chance to touch her soft, delicate skin.

She looked up at me, red-faced and demure. "Am I a snuggly bear again?"

"You are!" I said, and I could hear my voice waver and crack as I spoke.

"Do you want to snuggle me?" she said, stepping backwards towards the couch.

"Yes, please," I answered. I picked up my old teddy bear Crackers from the chair where Megan had set him down, and handed him to her, then sat down on the couch. She abruptly plopped herself on my lap, and I immediately knew that she could feel my cock, still rock-hard, through my jeans. Her eyes glimmered with pleasant surprise, and I felt her press her bottom harder against me, wanting to feel more. I lifted my hips a bit, pressing into her as well, and she leaned into me and I wrapped my arms around her. And we sat there, both of us quiet except for labored breath, each of us holding onto our teddy bears, as we gently pressed our bodies against each other, slowly rocking in a wonderful little faux copulation.

I kissed her on the cheek. She smiled, and kissed me on my cheek. I set the tips of my fingers against the soft flesh of her bare upper chest, and her breath increased instantly as I touched her. With her mouth open, she leaned in and set her lips against my cheek and I could feel her warm, moist breath. Almost unconsciously I let my fingers slip down, and down, until they ventured under the fabric of the teddy bear costume and found a soft little swollen nipple to touch. And then we just sat there together, rocking together, my cock gently pressing into her bottom through my jeans and through the fabric of the costume, while I fondled her little nipples, her mesmerizing little soft and silken nipples.

Now if I'd thought about it much, I would have realized a couple of things. First, the girl very clearly wanted to take this little summer tryst with her favorite uncle to the next level; I now know that she had a powerful desire to see my cock, to touch him, to experience him, to learn how to love him. And, second, she was just too nervous and inexperienced to act on those feelings. And although I myself was nearly overcome with a desire to take this to the next level as well, I was first and foremost her uncle, a man who cared deeply for her safety and well-being above all else. I wanted her, sexually. I would go as far as she would let me go. But it was of paramount importance to me that it proceed at her pace, not mine.

This left us, these two new lovers, at something of a disappointing impasse, an impasse made even more disappointing by the sound of her mother's voice, she having apparently finished whatever chores she had gone that morning to do, hollering "Megan!" from the bottom of the attic stairs.

Both of our eyes went wide and I pulled my hand quickly out of her top. She slid off my lap and tried to pull the zipper of the costume up into at least a modicum of a respectful position. But the zipper stuck again, snagged, perhaps, or maybe the girl was just too nervous to operate it correctly, but regardless, it was entirely unacceptable in its current position. No chance that Mom would be in the least bit fooled about what had been going on in the attic with her brother, known since he was twelve for his sexual obsessions, and her dear sweet innocent ten year old daughter.

Thinking quickly--not a task I'm know for--I put my finger up to my mouth to indicate that she should be quiet, then pressed my hands together and leaned the side of my head against them and closed my eyes, to indicate that she should pretend to be asleep. She lay down immediately, holding Crackers tight against her bare chest. I pulled the hood off of her head, and quickly covered her with a sheet that was lying nearby,

I walked as quietly as I could to the stairs and tiptoed halfway down.

"Hi, Carrie," I said in a half-whisper. "Megan's asleep, actually."

"Oh, the sweet little thing!" her mom responded in the same half-whisper. She walked quietly up the stairs and poked her head into the room, where she could see little Megan sound asleep on the couch. "Is that... is that Crackers she's hugging?" she asked as we walked together back down the stairs.

"Yeah, we found him up here and she just grabbed him and climbed on the couch and snuggled with him and fell right asleep."

"Oh, that's so sweet! Johnnie," her mom said, using her old nickname for me from when I was a kid, "thank you so much for hanging out with her. You're so important to her, and... she's just been... devastated, since Mom died."

I nodded and was silent for a little while. "I'm happy to help, you know that. Megan means so much to me."

"Can I ask you one more favor then bro?"

"Of course!"

"I still have a shitload of stuff I have to do today. I just was going to run her home right now and go back out again. Would you be able to run her home once she wakes up?"

"Of course, Carrie. I'd love to."

"Thanks Johnnie you're the greatest!" And with that she was down the rest of the stairs and shutting the door behind her.

Back at the top of the stairs I saw Megan sit up, a big grin on her face. She'd already pulled the teddy bear hood back on her head. I set my finger up to my mouth again to make she she stayed quiet for a little while longer, just to make sure her mom had left.

It looked like the zipper on the costume had fallen down a little bit more in the bustle, and one of her sweet puffy nipples was out for the world--or at least her horny uncle--to see.

I walked over to the couch and she sat forward and reached out, wrapping her arms around my waist and hugging me. As she looked up at me with her big beautiful blue eyes, I felt her pressing her cheek against my cock. I had lost most of my erection when I was talking to her mom, but as I stood above her, realizing that she had put her face right there intentionally, so that she could feel my cock, I started to get hard again. And she just sat there with her cheek against my crotch, feeling me grow and stiffen for her.

"Megan," I said quietly. "Would you... You wouldn't mind if..."

I found I couldn't finish a sentence. I just stood there looking down on the little girl, my beautiful little niece, as she stared up at me a pressed her cheek against my now-rigid cock, and my heart was fluttering. So, unable to talk anymore, I gave up even trying. I just did what I had come to realize that both of us wanted.

My pants fell to my ankles with a loud thud, the sound of my keys and wallet landing on the wooden floor. Megan had sat back slightly and was staring now at the rise in my boxers, then she leaned in and touched her cheek to it again.

"You should... take my underwear off," I whispered. God I sounded nervous.

She looked up at me with those big wide shining eyes and nodded. And she slipped my underwear down.

At first the little ten year old just sat and stared, her eyes wide. Just stared right at my engorged cock.

"Touch it," I said to her, setting my hands gently on the top of her head, on the hood of the teddy bear costume. Without saying a word or breaking her stare, she reached a delicate little finger up and made first contact with my head. My cock lurched at the soft, cool touch and I made a sound--maybe a giggle, maybe a groan?

She took her hand away and looked up at me. "I'm... I'm sorry, did that hurt?"

"Oh God no, Megan!" I moaned. "It felt... wonderful!"

She smiled, then looked back down and lifted her hand again. Once more, I twitched and groaned at the touch, but she expected it now and knew it was a sign that she was giving me pleasure, which caused her to smile again. I could see her braces twinkling from behind her smile. And then she just left her finger there, right at the very tip of my cockhead, and stared, like she was trying to absorb everything about the wonderful new experience.

"Touch it all over," I whispered, "my balls, everything."

She let her finger move, sliding along the underside of my cock, gentle and curious, and down to my testicles. What an unbelievable experience, standing above this beautiful little girl in a teddy bear costume, one adorable ten year old breast exposed, her red face shining with awakening curiosity, as she carefully ran her finger over my ballsack. Exploring. Experiencing. Learning. Loving.

"Will you kiss it?" I whispered. I was finally starting to get over my own stuttering nervousness. I was finally realizing that this was OK, that she wanted this and was willing and happy and maybe even as excited as I was by it all.

She leaned in and put her lips on the tip of my cockhead. I groaned and she sat back, licking her lips. Only then did I notice a little drip of precum, clear and frothy, leaking from my opening.

"That's precum," I told her. "Lick it up."

She stuck her tongue out and licked the little dribble.

"Do you like it? Do you like the way it tastes?"

She retracted her tongue into her mouth and looked up at me with big wide eyes and nodded.

"Will you open your mouth now, Megan? Will you let me put my cock inside?"

Still looking up at me, she nodded, then dropped her jaw.

As the tip of my head slid between her lips, I was instantly and forever in love with the sweet girl's little mouth. Warm and wet, I felt her soft tongue lick at my hole again, cleaning another dribble away.

"Wider," I whispered. At this point only the very top of my cock was able to fit. "I need to get my whole head in."

She opened, and holding her head with my hands I pushed in. It was a tight fit, to be sure, I could feel teeth, and her lips and her tongue locked around me in a loving suck. But I got it all in.

First penetration.

Little Megan had taken an important step on her journey from girl to womanhood. She had let a man inside her.

I looked down at her. My little teddy bear. At the top of her head were two adorable round bear ears, golden brown and covered in a soft fleecey fur. The same fur covered her head, which I held onto now like a man in his rightful position: dominant, controlling, a gentle schoolmaster teaching his young pupil what she must do. From the round opening of the hood, her red-cheeked face appeared. What a wonderful, beautiful face! Big wide shinning blue eyes, a little freckled nose... But most endearing, for me right now, was how her mouth was open so wide, wider than you ever thought possible, and her lips were wrapped so tightly around the crown of my cockhead. A little teddy bear blowing her man.

What a wonderful girl.

Holding her firmly, but gently, in place, I pulled my cockhead back through her lips and the pushed in again. I could feel her teeth drag against my skin, but for some reason right then it didn't bother me, it was in fact amazingly erotic, a reminder of what a little inexperienced mouth I was fucking. Once I'd established a rhythm--back, and in, back, and in--and she'd gotten somewhat used to it, I took my hands off of her head and reached down to her little hands.

At first, we just held hands while I fucked her face, a sweet, romantic pose, lovers holding hands and making love. After a little while, I lifted her hands up further, leaving one to cradle my ballsack and showing her how to wrap the other around my shaft, holding her hand and teaching her how to stroke, her delicate little fingers so soft and cool.

And then, there we were, uncle and niece, teacher and student, man and girl, copulating in her mouth. As I stared down on her from above, watching her trying so hard to please a man; as I continued to slide my cockhead in and out of her mouth while she gently stroked my shaft, I felt my nethers begin to boil. Fuck! I'm fucking coming!

"Megan," I said in a hiss, "I'm, I'm gonna come!"

She looked up at me with her big shining eyes, full of curiosity and expectation.

"You gotta, you gotta catch it all!!! Don't want any on the teddy costume!"

Her eyes got even wider, just as my knees started shaking and I felt a thick stream of cum start firing down my shaft. I grabbed her head to hold her in place and the first shot fired out, pure and utter sexual release, filling the poor girl's mouth. She took it, eyes even wider, and when I reared back and shoved in again, she took the second shot as well. Her dear little mouth was full now, and she cupped her hands under her chin to catch the excess of the remaining shots as my cum overflowed her lips.

Once I had finished, my cock still twitching in the merry aftermath of a spectacular orgasm, I pulled out. She looked up at me, her mouth filled with half my load, her cupped hands holding the other half. I didn't even need to tell the little sweetie to swallow. She just did it all on her own initiative, a big gulp, drinking down everything in her mouth.

She looked down after she'd licked her lips and swallowed a couple of times. "So this is what your sperm looks like?"

"It is. Well, it's what my semen looks like."

She nodded. "I couldn't catch it all in my mouth. There was so much! I'm sorry."

I lifted a finger and wiped a little off her chin, then held it in front of her. "It's OK sweetie! Don't be sorry!" She opened her mouth to let me put my finger in, and she sucked it clean.

"I know girls are supposed to swallow it," she said, "that's what the boys at school all say. Do you want me to swallow this, too?" she asked, holding her cupped hands up to me.

"Whatever you want to do, sweetie."

She stuck her tongue out and lapped at the pool of cum, then pulled a little dollop of it into her mouth and swallowed. "I like it," she said, then took another lick.

I groaned, and my cock twitched back to life again. Time for round two with this little tart! was the unmistakable message he was sending my brain. I felt like I owed it to him to keep this going for a while longer. "Sweetie," I said, "I want to make you feel good, too, just like you just made me feel good."

"Wadda ya mean?" she asked, still licking.

I reached out to her, taking her by the shoulders and gently lifting her off of the couch. "I want to kiss you. Kiss your pussy."

Her eyes went wide and her face went red. "You do?"

"I would love to. Let's take the costume off, OK?"

"OK," she said very quietly.

She helped me slip her arms out of the costume, the hood falling away as well and her little baby breasts naked for me again. As I pulled it down and off of her, I slipped my fingers into her panties and pulled them down as well. The legs of the costume were so tight that it wouldn't easily come off, and she had to lift a leg in the air and pull the costume off, giggling and putting her hand on my shoulder as she lost her balance. The other leg, and then she was naked. She lifted the costume and put the hood back on, so that she was still a little teddy bear even though she was naked, and then she just stood there in front of me, smiling broadly, her face red.

I sat down on the couch in front of her, put my hands on her bare hips, and just stared for just a moment. Indeed, as I had thought, there were a handful of adorable little curls on her immature sex. My cock was rock hard again and I suddenly had a vision of him, buried inside her tiny cunt, pumping the little girl full of cum. And I realized that I wanted it. Today. I would to fuck the little thing, if she would let me, before the day was done.

I pulled her towards me and leaned into her and took one of her little nipples into my mouth. I felt her breath increase as I suckled on the most wonderful, softest, sweetest little nipple I had ever known. As I suckled, I lifted my hand to her pussy and began to stroke her sex, just a gentle little petting. I could feel her warmth and wetness before a finger had even penetrated her, and my cock thickened yet more in excitement. Yes, he said. I want that wetness. Give it to me.

I looked up at her bright red face. "You are the sexiest thing in the world."

She gave me a big, wonderful, happy smile.

"Climb up on the couch, above me," I told her. "Put your pussy in my face so I can kiss her."

"Oh man," she said quietly, her voice wavering, and she climbed up onto the couch.

I kissed her. Right on her sweet little chubby lips. I smelled her, thick and hot. Even though this was the sex of a girl, it had the wonderful, luxurious smell of womanhood. I knew then that her pussy was ready to be taken by a man. And as I smelled her, I tasted her, too, sweet and spicy, the candy liqueur of feminine sex. My tongue needed more, and he slipped out of my mouth all of his own accord, sloppily licking at her little slit. She moaned, and then she shook, as I licked her lips and sucked her clit. She had her hands on my head, fingernails digging into my scalp, and she began rocking. The little tart was fucking my face! And things were getting messy now. My chin and cheeks were soaking wet with pussy cum.

"Oh my gosh," I heard her whisper loudly, hoarsely. "Oh my gosh!" Out-load this time. And as I held tightly to her ass, she began to shake, rocking, fucking, digging nails into my head. "OH MY GOD!!!!"

She sat down on my lap, breathing hard, her legs straddling me and her face wet with sweat. Perhaps unintentionally, or perhaps not, as she reached behind her to grab the teddy bear costume that had fallen off while she coming, she pushed herself forward on my lap until my cock came into contact with her pubic mound. He pulsed at the feeling of her soft flesh.

As she put the hood back into place, I reached down and began rubbing my cockhead against her sweet immature pussy lips. He slipped in between them. She looked at me, wide eyed.

"Push down," I said quietly to her. "Let him inside."

She repositioned herself, pulling her knees underneath her and sitting up slightly. And she pushed down. The sweet little tart pushed down.

I held her by the hips as I simultaneously pushed up with my cock. And then we began making love, my head just barely inside the lips of her tiny vagina. Pussy cum was flowing out of her now and slowly her opening expanded, her hymen giving way, and I felt my cock slide deeper, two inches in.

"Oh my baby," I whispered to her.

She smiled at me. "You're in me!"

"I am!"

And then she rode me, gently, slowly, her hot wet lips just sliding tightly up and down on my head, enveloping him in a loving embrace, accepting him inside. Gradually she let him burrow in a little further as her little pussy opened, with some reluctance, deep inside her.

I needed more. I hope you can understand. I let her ride me for five minutes like this, but I was overwhelmed by a desire to take her entirely, to violate her as deep as I possibly could. And I knew, it wasn't a conscious thought at all but I knew that she was ready for it. Little pussy was properly primed, hot and wet and open. And so I held her firmly by the waist and lifted her, and turned her.

Perfectly compliant, and so light and small, she was like a doll in my strong hands. No... She was like a teddy bear!

And set her carefully on her back on the couch, my cock never leaving her for a moment.

And then I lay down on top of her and made her mine.

Thick cock sliding up and down inside hot, slick lips,
Balls swinging, slapping, smacking;
Man setting a rugged pace,
Little girl enduring, giving her body over to his needs,
Pussy overflowing, coating everything in her love,
Man grunting in his little teddy bear's ear.

My sweet Megan looked up at me as I fucked her, her sweet beautiful face shining with the most adorable little smile, braces glittering so sweetly through her lips, eyes wide and merry and twinkling, as she lay beneath me and gave herself to me, as she let me have her. As she let her man have his way with her. Her hood was still on, the little teddy ears bouncing slightly to the rhythm of our love. I couldn't help but smile back at her, and as I did I felt my cockhead touch against the back of her vagina for the first time, as deep into her as I could be. Suddenly I felt a surge of something, a release of hormones, and I was overwhelmed by an amazing feeling.

Love.

"I love you, Megan," I whispered.

She lifted her legs in the air and wrapped them around me, smiling broadly, and I lay down on her and wrapped my arms around her, and she wrapped hers around me, and we held each other.

And right at that instant, I came.

It was quite unexpected, I hadn't felt it starting at all, although in retrospect I now realize that the hormones I suddenly felt must have been the beginning of my orgasm. And so I suddenly came. I suddenly began shooting, exploding, filling the little girl full deep inside her. She had a huge shining smile on her bright-red face as I came, the freckles on her cheeks and nose lit up by the crimson glow of her skin.

"I love you too, Uncle John!" she hollered out loud.



In the afterglow, in the wonderful calm that settles so serenely on a couple after they have finished making love, we sat together and looked through photo albums full of pictures of my mother, her grandmother. Pictures from her childhood when she was just a little girl even younger than Megan is now, and pictures from when she was a mother with little baby me on her knee. And pictures from when she was a grandmother, holding a beautiful little swaddled newborn Megan, and at the beach with her as a toddler, and running a 5K together in the park last year, and eating snowcones at the carnival just a few months ago. Pictures of grandma with beautiful Megan doing all those wonderful things that grandmothers do with their granddaughters, which my poor dear niece would no longer experience.

And while we wept, and laughed, holding each other tightly through our pain and sadness and through our giggles at fond memories, we both knew that it would be OK, because we were together, and whenever we were together we would remember her. And we knew it was OK to be sad together, and to be a happy together. And even to make love together.

Everything would be OK.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
