10. – Wake

My own apartment door whispered shut behind me, and only then did I admit the relief I felt at being safely home. The night had been altogether too odd, with tauntings from the dead leaving the occasional scrap of unsettling insight in their wake.

I frowned as my nose reacquainted itself with the familiar scents of my apartment and told me that I was distinctly out-of-line. When one finds a foul odor, it’s customary to blame whatever one may have stepped in, but in this case I had wallowed in it full-scale. The stink of ancient cigars, lingering death, and dust surrounded me in an almost tangible cloud. I was tempted to consign my clothing to the incinerator, but I realized with a start that I would quickly go through quite a number of uniforms if I did so, for I intended to go back – as many times as it took to find my answers.

I certainly didn’t want any questions raised by the laundry detail should I get in the habit of sending them clothing more suited to tomb raiding than civil wear. The only reasonable thing to do would be to use the same uniform for each visit, and do most of the cleaning of it myself. The thought of it made my skin crawl, but I had to admit it was my best option. I did keep an assortment of sanitizing and deodorizing sprays; hopefully one of them would do the trick.

In any case, I had other things to worry about. A low, insistent beeping drew my attention to the desk, where my answering machine flashed an accusing red wink in time with the sound. I sighed, momentarily torn between checking it now and waiting until I had cleaned up from the evening’s adventure. My nose won: I couldn’t stand my own smell anymore.

I hurriedly stripped for a shower, pausing only to shove my ruined gloves into the trash bin and drop the rest of my clothes in an inelegant heap on the bathroom floor. I scrubbed quickly with the harsh disinfectant soap, hopefully stripping away the stench along with however many layers of skin it took with it.

When I finally felt a bit more human, I dealt with the uniform, spraying it with a strong deodorizer until the fumes made me gag. I turned on the vent fan; it coughed to life, then settled into a steady hum. The beeping of the answering machine called out as I shut the bathroom door behind me. I fetched my bathrobe from my bedroom, grabbed some hand lotion and an old pair of gloves worn to extreme softness, then made for my desk to silence that annoying sound. The lotion soothed my over-washed skin, and the thin cotton gloves promised relief for my over-stressed nerves. Only then, after tending to my hands, did I hit the replay button for my messages.

There was only one.

“General Schoenberg: your presence is required in teleconference. Oh-seven-thirty hours Saturday, eleventh of August, Rosenkreuz Secure Media Room 12B. This order delivered twenty-three-ten hours, Friday, tenth of August, on the authority of Esset, Hapsburg.”

Reflexively I glanced at the clock, and groaned. Not quite seven hours to wait, and no indication of what the conference might be about, much less why I had been summoned. My mind spun with potential disasters. Had we tripped some alarm in Sonndheim’s rooms, alerted someone to our trespass? Had it all been a well-laid trap, just waiting for some damn fool to come along and fall in? Ah, hell!

Or – was there a lead with Crawford’s team? Had they been captured?

Given a choice between the two options, my heart called a distinct preference for the first one. If someone other than me had run Schwarz to ground, I would have no way to safeguard my Bradley, no matter how much I might want to. My authority ran thin these days, and with the shifting winds at the pinnacle of the organization, I didn’t even know from hour to hour whom I might be serving, or who might be engineering yet another change in the weather.

Though my thoughts scampered about chasing shadows, I knew that I couldn’t realistically anticipate a damn thing until it happened, and that wouldn’t be for another seven hours. I would have to be sharp in the morning; I didn’t even know who else might be there, or with whom I would be speaking. I resented performing on the fly. Someone was yanking my leash, and I didn’t appreciate it.

The only thing left for me to do this night was to sleep, if I could. My weary mind slid toward absurdity as I made ready for bed, noting the closed bathroom door and observing how doors had been the singular focus of my evening. Closed, open, bolted shut…

Doors…

The rough-hewn door offers shelter from the cold, and I enter. Within, a dozen other men huddle over drinks. The bartender smiles and waves as I pass by, on my way to the back of the establishment.

Another door, black enamel paint. My reflection regards me a moment then dismisses me as not his type. Beyond the black door, a dark room that engages every sense but vision. Hands paw at me, tasting me with their touch. Musk fills my nostrils until I swallow the scent. Rhythm and friction echo off the walls.

Large hands grip my hips, and I realize I am naked except for my belt, my boots, and my gloves. Leather and linen. The boots are the hallmark of an archetype, a fashion never to fade from desire. The men at this bar like it when I leave the belt on, wide dark leather against fair skin. It gives them something secure to hold onto – and it keeps their fingers from burning my flesh too badly. I crave what I cannot bear, and so I come here…

For a moment I know this is a dream – I haven’t been twenty in two decades; but my body doesn’t care. Dream or reality, I’ve missed this.

Face to the wall, hands braced, legs spread, I invite this stranger to me. He opens me with his fingers, slick with oil, oil that whispers what it has seen, what it intends. It muffles what his skin might say, and for that I am grateful. All I want is release, sweet, hard release, with no complications.

Then he is in me, pressing me to the wall, and I know that this time I will come, the dream will stay on me until I am done, and I ride it. Whether a memory or a fantasy, it doesn’t matter: the stranger is skilled, and wanting it just as much as I am.

Close, so close…

Something tickles my neck, and I open my eyes to see a flicker of pale blue: the handkerchief I wear in my pocket, my calling card. It tightens around my throat, held there by a stranger’s hands.

Fear and lust overwhelm me, become one. My climax roars up with grim finality.

“I’ve been waiting for you, dearest Kort…”

I awoke flailing, gasping for breath, throwing the covers off and scrambling backward on the bed until my head hit the wall.

Across my belly, the sticky puddle began to cool.

I sat there panting, staring around at my momentarily-unfamiliar room. Pre-dawn light glimmered around my window, drawing my eyes to it but not illuminating a damn thing.

On my nightstand, the alarm clock blared to life. Oh-six-hundred. My heart finally began to slow to its normal pace as I fumbled for the clock and the lamp. And the tissues. I tossed my slept-in gloves next to the clock, wiped up my misplaced enthusiasm, then checked the bedding for spillage. I wanted a shower. I wanted to clear my head before that conference.

I wanted my life back.

The bathroom door was shut, which baffled me for a moment until I remembered why. The vent fan hummed tirelessly on the other side, and I groaned. My shower probably smelled like Erich’s bedroom, unless the spray had worked a miracle during the night. With no small amount of trepidation, I opened the door.

The air in the bathroom was chill and smelled rather antiseptic, a nostril-scorching smell right out of the can but mercifully dissipated now. On closer inspection, I found that the fibers of my uniform still stank faintly of time and dust and sweat. Couldn’t hang it with the rest of my clothes, or everything would reek. I hung it on the door hook for the moment, locked the door and commenced with my shower.

Amazing how long it had taken me to adjust to leaving the light on for this. It had been such a regular part of my life, to lock the door and shut off the light before stripping to bathe. And now I slept nude again, and walked through my apartment without a care.

But still I locked the door.

The night before I had been too distracted, had forgotten. Was that a good thing?

It didn’t matter at the moment. I had a short time in which to bathe, dress, and eat something before going into a high-security teleconference the purpose of which I couldn’t begin to guess.

For all I knew, they were about to order my execution.

I decided to wear my dress uniform just in case.

A/N – Wake

A brief gay culture note – the particular shade of light blue handkerchief advertises “Rudi’s” willingness to perform oral sex, while the boots, belt, and gloves hint at a uniform fetish and an appreciation for rough handling. As a younger man, he took it any way they would give it to him, and the dream tells much.