Most things that happened in this story are true. Some aren't. This is just to make it read better. I'll let you speculate which ones. Or ask "Em".
Warning to the easily offended. This could fit into exhibitionism or BDSM. It contains elements of both. And poor timekeeping, if that offends you, too.

Domination and submission. Who would have thought we had it in us? All those months ago when Em anxiously knelt before me in the bedroom and said, in a small, nervous voice, "I want to submit to you. I've fantasised about it for years. Please, if you can, will you try and totally dominate me?" that those first few, tentative steps would have led us here?
I'm parked in a lay-by on a rural stretch of road. To my left, deciduous forest stretches off towards a lake and the hills. To my right, cars intermittently streak past, hurrying between towns.
I scroll through Twitter, impatiently. She's late. She's always late. On one level, I'm annoyed. But my newly discovered inner Dominant chuckles to himself. A convenient reason to discipline her. We want to learn the D/s dynamic together, to teach and learn from each other. And this is a good opportunity for a lesson.
Eventually, she pulls up behind me in the layby. My annoyance disappears, I'm pleased to see her after a long day at work. I grin broadly as I climb out of my car, to go and sit in hers.
"Hello, you!" I smile warmly as I move in for a kiss. "You ready for this?"
"I think so", she replies. Her voice has the small, wavery quality it gets when she knows she's about to do something that's probably ill-advised. But it's going to be fun. I give her a reassuring wink.
I allow myself to drop into character. Em tells me that my face, my voice, my whole demeanour changes when I do this, or so she always says. It certainly makes me feel powerful, more alive than normal.
"Good girl. Now, give me your knickers and your bra." I pitch my voice slightly lower than my normal register, slightly louder, and with a more urgent and insistent tone. I enjoy seeing the effect of this on her. It's instantaneous. She obeys without thinking, firstly sliding her knickers down her legs and handing them to me, then unhooking her bra, white and lacy, sliding the straps out from under her top and through the sleeves. Eventually it's held out to me. I pocket them both. In other circumstances, they'd be very sexy lingerie. Today, they're surplus to requirements for my plans.
She's now just wearing a short skirt and a loose, short sleeved blouse, and shoes. When she turn to look at me, I see her breasts, large yet still firm, clearly move under her top.
"Ready?" I ask. She nods, quietly.
"Then let's go. Follow me."
In normal life, I ask. I negotiate. I request. But with Em, when we play, I tell. I demand. I expect. And the currency that greases the wheels of these transactions isn't "thankyou."
It's "Good girl."
Em tells me, often, that one utterance of Good Girl can lift her mood for an entire day. And I love to make her happy. As well as sore.
I step out of her car, wait for her to join me. Then we walk together along a short stretch of path next to the road.
"No, don't hide behind me. If any cars come, I want the drivers to wonder if they really could see your tits move as you walk."
Her neck blushes, a stark contrast to her blonde hair, as she walks in front of me. But she obeys. I'm proud of her, and tell her so.
I stop her at a stile over a low wall.
"Over you go." I order. Her freshly shaved cunt is not quite visible as she climbs over. I'm pretty sure she must have had a blast of cold air hit it but it doesn't cool her down. The excitement and arousal radiate off her; she's practically ablaze with sexual tension.
I join her on the footpath into the forest, and give her a reassuring smile.
"I think it's time."
I reach into my pocket and pull out her collar and leash. A gasp escapes as she realises what I'm about to do.
"Here?"
"Yes, here. And now. Come on, be a good girl."
She looks down at her feet. Takes a deep breath.
"Yes, Sir", she replies.
I fasten her black and red leather collar around her throat, and take the chain and leather leash in my hand. Her posture alters subtlety as soon as it's on. Shoulders slightly lower. Head lightly bowed. Eyes slightly downcast. Submissive.
The forest path is empty as we walk along it. Our footfalls are muffled on the soft ground. As we walk, me holding the leash, I watch her body move under the thin blouse. Her large breasts swing as she walks, her long, erect nipples clearly showing as raised bumps under the light fabric, the aureoles faintly showing through.
"Good girl, you're doing so well. You're very brave. But let's take it up a notch."
I slowly undo the buttons at the front of the blouse. Her blue eyes are wide, anxious. But she makes no move to stop me. She simply watches my hands as her blouse falls open. Then I pull it wide. That's a step too far.
"But Sir! No! It's too much!"
"Red?" I prompt her for our safe word.
I look into her eyes. They're full of fear. And lust. And excitement. I can tell she feels sexy. But very, very exposed. Every emotion at once. I see her deliberate. Then slowly, she shakes her head.
"Green, Sir. Green."
She exhales, a deep sigh.
We are standing on a public footpath in a forest. People walk their dogs here. Rock climbers use this path to get to the crags by the lake. Fellrunners regularly train here. It's a warm early summer afternoon. She's practically naked. And wearing a collar and leash. Should somebody come around the bend in the track, they're in for a surprise. And an eyeful of rather fantastic breasts.
I slip the blouse off her shoulders, loosely fold it and hold it in my hand. Then, slowly, I lead her along the footpath. Occasionally I play with a nipple. I even lead her by them for a few meters. I know from past experience that they're very sensitive. On one memorable occasion recently I made her orgasm by just playing with these alone.
"I think that's far enough", I say. I unclip her leash and lead her by the hand from the path into dense woodland. Stepping over and through the undergrowth, we are soon far enough away from the path to not be immediately visible unless a potential observer was specifically looking for us. It's a good thing, too. A dog walker ambles around the bend in the track, his collie on its lead, just as my companion was moments ago. His attention is on his dog. Em's is on him. Mine is on her. Her hands move to cover her naked breasts.
"Don't move. You'll bring attention to yourself" I whisper. She obediently freezes.
The dog walker continues back along the path towards the road, oblivious to the pretty, topless woman he just missed seeing, and we relax. Em giggles, the tension easing.
"Right. Here will do. Bend over that fallen tree."
Em's eyes widen. What am I planning?
"A light caning, I think, for girls who can't turn up on time!"
I reach up and select a springy new branch from a silver birch, and snap it off. I bend it speculatively, then point at the fallen trunk. I wink. She loves a wink. I have no idea why, but it turns a grown woman into a giggly schoolgirl.
She braces her hands against the mossy bark as she bends at the waist. I flip her skirt up, leaving her utterly exposed. I look at her, her skirt over her back, her breasts swinging gently, her cunt open, wet and glistening. The tip of the switch touches the back of her neck, and I slowly draw it gently down her spine. She lets out a soft, appreciative moan as it traces the edge of a shoulder blade, then grazes the side of her left breast. I gently flick her erect nipple, eliciting a sharp intake of breath. She's clearly loving that, so I run the tip around the hard, sensitive nipple a few more times before tracing the branch down her side, then down her outer thigh.
Slowly, I trace back up her inner leg. Teasingly, slowly, I bring it closer and closer towards the top of her thighs, now visibly soaking. I tap her sensitive lips with it, eliciting a gasp. I'm looking forward to enjoying them later. Then, slowly, I pull the pale wood across her labia, and away from her body.
It's a warm, quiet and sunny afternoon. Apart from birdsong, the only thing I can hear is her breathing. I'm pretty certain the slightest touch would be enough to bring Em to orgasm. Stepping to one side, I drink in the sight of her. The pale, freckled skin of her exposed breasts is lightly flushed with arousal. Her naked bottom is pushed up into the air. Her legs, parted slightly, and her hands braced against the mossy log she is leaning over. And her cunt is open, soaking wet. Inviting. A treat for later.
I swing the makeshift cane through the air a couple of times, speculatively, enjoying the swishing noise before I bring the birch branch down on her buttock, hard. The noise is startling, and I'm sure the pain must be, too. There's a sharp intake of breath. Three more times I repeat this. I watch the red marks appear across her exposed flesh.
"Thankyou, sir", she whispers, as I place the birch branch down. My hand caresses her buttock, rubbing the livid marks, before moving between her legs. She gasps as my finger parts her labia, and finds her sensitive spot, now soaked. I knew she was very aroused, the intensity of the afternoon has been building her to this, but I'm shocked as, within a matter of moments, I feel her body clench in a powerful orgasm, and wetness drips onto my palm.
I unzip the fly on my trousers, and release my cock. It's achingly hard. I've been anticipating this all afternoon. Sitting at my desk at work and flirtingly texting her. Driving here. And on the walk through the woods. All waiting for this moment.
I move behind her, caressing her hips, and the head of my cock parts her as I slide inside. She pushes back onto me and I plunge inside, she's so ready for this that I'm deep inside with the first thrust. Her hot, wet walls grip me as I move in and out of her.
It's a perfect afternoon. Sailing dinghys tack on the lake in the light breeze. The warmth of the afternoon sun keeps us comfortable. And I'm fucking Em in woodland above a footpath.
Her gentle moans of pleasure are softer than the birdsong but she's clearly enjoying this as much as I am. She pushes back, urging me deeper, her breathing heavy. Her tits swing beneath her as we move, her body pushing back against me. I reach forwards and caress one. It's enough, in her heightened state of arousal, to set off a powerful orgasm.
Her muscles clench powerfully, pushing me out as she comes, hard, around my cock. It's a good thing too, as I'm about to cum. The buildup to this has been intense, and I'm going to enjoy it.
"Turn around and kneel", I order, and she does. In seconds, with a little bit of encouragement from her hand, I shoot streams of thick semen across her face and into her mouth. She eagerly swallows it, showing her devotion to submitting to me. I know she loves this; we've discussed many times how she feels it's one of the ultimate acts of submission. But there's more to come.
I hand her the blouse, then hold her close. For a moment, we're just lovers sharing a post-orgasmic cuddle. I kiss her forehead. "Well done, you've been such a good girl. Now put that on, and we'll walk back to the cars."
She goes to wipe her face clean, and the nature of the game reasserts itself. "Oh no, not yet!" I chide. "You can wipe it off later."
Back on the path, with her blouse on, we walk back to the car, holding hands. The tension is evaporating. If it wasn't the fact that her face has 3 streaks of semen slowly dripping off it, and her nipples are visible through her blouse, it could be a pleasantly romantic walk in the woods. But even now, I'm pushing her obedience. Her hand grips mine as we hear a light tinkling, jangling sound approaching.
Three rock-climbers round the bend in the path. Two men and a woman. Younger than us. I decide to have a little fun.
"Hi" I call out as they approach. Em drops back half a step and slightly behind me. I'm sure no-one will notice much, or if they do, won't think much of it. But it's not me with my breasts on display and with a sperm-glazed face. She must feel incredibly exposed. But we've committed to this, so let's see it to the end.
One of the men just replies "Hi". His friend grins. But the woman with them? She smiles at Em. Even months later, I can remember that smile. It morphed, quickly between emotions. It held an entire conversation in a second. It said "Hi. Have you got... really? And I can see you're wearing no... Wow! You ok? You're brave. Lucky you, wish I and my partner were that adventurous."
Back at your car, face wiped clean, underwear returned, we laugh and kiss and revel in the sheer adventurous naughtiness of it all. We know it's over, and it's time to return to kids, and jobs, and the humdrum of everyday. But for an hour, we felt the thrill of really living, of the rush of the illicit. The climbers we passed on the track would now be chasing that high in their own way, high up on the crags above the lake. And one of them would be thinking about the woman with sperm on her face as she did.