The heat in his gut burned with the intensity of a star’s core. The feelings of pure want and desire slamming him with enough force to make him stagger.

The other members of the away team, with the exceptions of Worf and Data, were already giving in to the desire.

He was harder than he had ever been, so hard that it was well past the point of uncomfortable and now into the territory of needing to fuck someone, or something, now. He couldn’t do that though, and even in this state it was something he would never dream of doing.

He felt like he might spontaneously combust if he didn’t put his dick in something right the fuck now, but he needed to get back to the ship first. That was the only fair thing to do for Wesley, but at the same time, it was completely unfair to Wesley. There was no telling the amount of pain and discomfort that Wesley would have to endure from this, and Will didn’t want to do that to him, but he wasn’t sure he had much of a choice.

“Worf, Data can keep an eye on the away team for a few minutes. I need you to come back to the ship with me. And make sure Wesley’s waiting for me in our quarters.”

“Yes, Commander.”

He struggled with the desire running though his body, fighting to keep it under control until he could talk to Wesley. If Wesley said no, he didn’t know what he would do. And as much as he didn’t want to put Wesley through this, he really hoped that Wesley wouldn’t say no.

*****

He had no memory of leaving the planet, of arriving on the ship, or even of walking the halls to his and Wesley’s quarters. The first thing he was aware of was Wesley. His sense of smell was heightened, and Wesley was standing too close.

“Wes, you need to move back.”

Wesley didn’t argue, just did what Will asked him to do. He wondered if Worf had already explained the situation to Wesley.

“I guess Worf already told you what’s going on.”

“Yeah.”

“Okay. Then I need you to take everything I say now seriously because I really hate that I’m going to do this to you.”

“Okay, Will.”

“You need to understand that this is going to be uncomfortable and painful for you. I need your consent now before we do this. I need to know that you’re okay with this, Wes.”

“I’m okay with this, Will. You have my consent.”

“Oh good. Do you remember the safe word?”

“Yeah, watermelon.”

“Use that if you need me to stop, but I’m not sure how aware I’ll be, so keep a combadge by the bed. If you have any trouble, call for Worf.”

“Will, don’t you think that’s a bit much?”

“Wesley,” Will growled, “I need you to agree with this. But more than that, I need you to actually do it if it comes down to it. Please, Wesley.”

Wesley looked like he might refuse. Thankfully, he nodded. “Yeah, okay.”

“Good, now go get ready, and I mean get everything ready, because once I touch you…” He didn’t finish that sentence. Wesley was smart enough to know that if he didn’t get himself stretched and ready, that Will probably wasn’t going to do it, and tonight was going to painful enough.

Wesley walked off, and it wasn’t until Worf grabbed his shoulder that he realized he had been following Wes.

“Thanks, Worf.”

Worf didn’t say anything, but he kept his hand on Will’s shoulder.

Unable to stay still any longer, Will began bouncing on the balls of his feet. It was so much harder being here, closer to Wesley but not able to touch, at least not yet.

“Commander.”

Will stopped bouncing and turned to look at Worf.

“I know you wish you didn’t have to do this, but you’re a good man for doing what you just did. Wesley might think it’s overkill now, but he won’t forget it.”

“Thanks, Worf.”

“I’m ready, Will,” Wesley called from the bedroom. Will ran, and was completely naked before he even reached the bed, unsure of whether or not he had waited until he was out of sight of Worf before he had begun stripping.

He sank into Wesley, and the world around him faded away.

****

It was early hours of the morning when he finally finished. He got off of Wesley, and laid next to him, running a hand down Wesley’s back.

Wesley flinched at the touch. “No, no more. Stop, please. Watermelon.” It was muffled because his face was in the pillow, but the message was clear enough.

Will was immediately on the other side of the bed. Wesley’s voice had sounded so broken, so pained.

“It’s over, Wes. It’s finally done.”

He could see some of the tension leave Wesley’s body, but he was still wound tight. He turned to face Will, and Will wondered how long Wesley had had his face buried in the pillow. He also wondered how long Wes had been on his stomach, because he was pretty sure that Wes had been on his back when they had started.

He wasn’t surprised to find that both of their bodies were covered in sweat, semen, and blood, but he hadn’t expected Wesley’s face to be wet with tears.

“How long have you been crying?”

Wesley brought a hand to his face, and wiped some tears from under his eye, a confused look on his face. He hadn’t even been aware that he had been crying.

“Wes, I need you to tell me the truth. Was that the first time you asked me to stop?”

Wesley put his hand back down and looked Will in the eye. He nodded.

“Would you have called Worf if I hadn’t stopped?” Wes nodded again. “That bad, huh?” Another nod. “Can I look?” Wes shrugged, so Will moved over to Wes slowly, hoping that he wouldn’t flinch again at Will’s touch.

He spread Wesley’s cheeks as gently as he could, and the sight before him made him feel sick. Fresh blood and semen mixed with dry blood and semen, his hole raw and an angry red. He had rubbed Wesley completely raw. There was too much of a mess though, to see how extensive the damage was.

“Come on. Let’s get in the shower and get you cleaned up.”

He helped Wesley off the bed and towards the shower, but Wesley stopped him, and tugged him towards the toilet. Wesley leaned against Will as he relieved himself, and Will felt even worse than he already did knowing how humiliating this must be for Wesley.

He got Wesley into the shower and let him lean against the wall, giving himself a quick washing first. He didn’t take his time with Wesley, as much as he would like to. He had no doubt that Wesley just wanted to get back into bed and sleep.

“Okay, I need you to turn around and lean against the wall. I need to clean you down there.”

Wesley looked at him wide-eyed, apprehension clear in his features.

“I know it sucks, but it needs to be done. I’ll be as gentle as I can.”

Wes turned around and Will got down to his knees. He cleaned Wes as gently and as thoroughly as he could. Even after Will was done cleaning him, he still looked really bad. It was nowhere near as bad as before the cleaning, but it still made him feel sick to know that he had been the one to do that to Wes. He felt like a monster.

He stood up and wrapped his arms around Wes. “When you’re all healed, I’m going to give you the rimjob of your life.”

Wesley didn’t even smile. That was a little worrisome, but he figured that not only was Wes exhausted, he probably didn’t want to think about sex, even something that he really enjoyed, for a while. Will sighed and helped Wesley out of the shower, and got them both dried off.

He left Wesley standing on his own for a few minutes so that he could change the sheets. He helped Wes get under the covers, and was going to leave him there to let him rest, but a hand grabbed his wrist.

“You want me to stay with you?”

Wesley nodded. Will hoped that Wes would start talking again after he got some rest. It was strange for Wesley to be so silent.

He climbed into bed next to Wesley, who immediately curled into Will. Will wrapped his arms around him and gently stroked his back.

He was surprised that Wesley wanted him so close by. He had figured that Wes would want space, at least for today.

Will began to feel himself grow drowsy. Taking care of Wesley had been priority and had kept his mind busy. Without that, not only was he beginning to feel sleepy, but he could feel pain now too. It was nothing compared to what Wesley was feeling, he was sure, but it was uncomfortable enough to notice.

He wrapped his arms tighter around Wesley and let sleep pull him under.

*****

When he woke up, it was past mid-day, and Wesley was still sleeping beside him. He slipped out of bed as quietly as he could, freshened up, and went to get himself a sandwich. He was starving.

He sat at the table and ate, wishing he could just let his mind go blank, but he couldn’t stop the thoughts about Wesley. He hoped he was worrying for nothing, that Wesley would wake up and start talking again. He wasn’t expecting perfect, and he certainly wasn’t expecting Wesley to jump right back into sex as soon as he was healed. He just wanted Wes to stop looking like a lost little boy.

Apparently he was hoping for too much, because Wes was walking towards him now, and he could tell that nothing had changed. He crawled into Will’s lap like it was a perfectly normal thing to do, and curled up as small as he could make himself.

He thought that this morning had just been Wesley wanting to sleep like they normally did, to take comfort in Will, but this was so far from ordinary that it scared Will. Still, Wes had been through a lot, and Will was willing to give him the benefit of a doubt and let Wes be clingy and not talk for today. If Wesley was still acting like this tomorrow, well he would deal with that tomorrow. No point in worrying about it now.

“I didn’t wake you, did I?”

Wesley shook his head against Will’s chest.

“Are you feeling any better?”

Wesley shrugged. Will sighed and went back to eating his sandwich, doing his best to not drop any crumbs onto Wesley’s head.

Will finished his sandwich, no crumbs on Wesley’s head, when Wes started shivering in his lap. Wesley had come out here naked, and so had Will for that matter, and it was a little cold in here.

“Why don’t you go put on some pajamas.”

Wesley looked up at him like he was crazy. Will rolled his eyes.

“Come on. I’ll go with you. I should put on something too.”

Wesley got off of his lap and held out his hand for Will. Will got up and took Wesley’s hand. If Wes was going to need direct contact for the rest of the day, then this was going to become difficult.

Thankfully, Wes let go of his hand to put on his pajamas, though he stayed so close that they kept bumping into each other.

“Do you want to watch a movie?” he asked when they had finished putting on their pajamas. Wesley shrugged, so Will steered him in the direction of the sofa. Aside from sleep, this was the easiest way he could think of to deal with Wesley as he was.

He was grateful that when they sat down, Wesley didn’t sit on his lap, but he was so close that he may as well have been.

He knew he probably shouldn’t indulge Wesley like this, but a part of him couldn’t help but feel like a monster for what he had done to Wes. So he let his guilt make his decisions for him. Just for today though. If Wes was still acting this way tomorrow, then he was going to have to figure out a way to deal with it.

About halfway through the second movie, Will needed to relieve himself. He shifted out from under Wesley, who had draped himself further and further over Will as the movies played, and stood up. Wesley grabbed his wrist, and Will turned to look at him.

“Are you really not going to let me take a piss by myself?”

Wesley let go of his wrist and sank back into the sofa. He was going to let Will go, but he clearly wasn’t happy about it. Will sighed. He knew he shouldn’t, and he hoped he wouldn’t regret it.

“Fine. Come on. Let’s go.”

Wesley got up and Will slung an arm around his shoulders, and they started walking.

“Don’t know why you want to go to the head with me, unless you’re planning on being the one doing the holding and the shaking.” He looked at Wes. “Didn’t even crack a smile. I wish you would talk to me, baby. I wish you would tell me what’s wrong.” He kissed the top of Wesley’s head.

It turned out that Wesley just wanted to be in close proximity to Will. He even turned his back to give Will his privacy, even though it was something they did in front of each other regularly. Will was actually kind of glad that Wes had turned his back. With all of the clinging that Wesley was doing, Wes watching him might be a little too much.

He yawned and stretched after he had finished. “I’m tired. What do you say we go to bed?”

Wesley nodded, and proceeded to follow him around the quarters like a little puppy dog as he straightened up and made sure everything was turned off. He paused for a moment when they got to the bed, but Wes began stripping off his pajamas, so Will took his cue from Wes, and began stripping off his own. They climbed into bed and Wes immediately attached himself to Will. Will was fairly certain that come morning, there would be no change.

*****

He groaned as the alarm blared at him, waking him from a deep slumber. He turned the alarm off and opened his eyes to Wesley leaning over him, the question he wouldn’t ask written all over his face.

“I have to go back to the bridge today.”

The look on Wesley’s face turned to pure panic. He scrambled on top of Will to keep him in place, but Will was stronger.

“Wes,” he said, rolling them over so that he was on top. “You can stay here and rest another day, but I have to get back to the bridge.”

He tried to pull away from Wes, but he was holding on as tight as he could. There had been times where Wes had jokingly held him in place to keep him from leaving, but he always let him up with more than enough time to get to the bridge. This time, Wes had no intention of letting him go.

Will was still struggling with Wesley when the door chime rang out. He used the momentary distraction to disentangle himself from Wes, shoving him back against the bed with more force than he probably should have. He pulled on the pajamas he had worn yesterday, and headed out to get the door.

Before he could though, Beverly was walking in, closely followed by Worf.

“I’m sorry, Commander. I tried to stop her.”

“Where is he, Will? How badly did you hurt him?

She was heading towards the bed, but Will blocked her way. He supposed she must have been to out of it still to do this yesterday.

“Wesley is fine, but I’d like to know what the hell you think you’re doing barging in here like that.”

“Why do you think I’m here? I’m here because of what you’ve done to my son. I’m here to take him away so I can take care of him.”

Will wanted to laugh, he really did.

“You’re kidding me, right? Do you even know what happened? And I can take care of him just fine.”

“Commander, I did try to explain to her what you had done, but she didn’t seem to believe me.”

“It’s fine, Worf. Maybe she’ll believe Wesley when he’s up to talking to her.”

“Wesley!” Beverly was looking past Will now. He had to bite back a groan. Wesley being out here was only going to make things worse if he didn’t intend on talking.

He looked over his shoulder and saw that Wesley was glaring at his mother. He grabbed Beverly’s arm and started dragging her to the door.

“Beverly, I don’t want you here, and right now, your son doesn’t want you here either. You need to leave now.” He was probably going to regret talking to Beverly that way later on, but he had more important things to worry about right now.

“If you kick me out of your quarters, I’ll tell the Captain what you’ve been up to with Wes.”

“Beverly, you can tell anyone you want as long as you leave here now.”

He shoved her out the door. She didn’t need to know that Wesley wasn’t talking. He didn’t want to have to tell her that he broke her son. He certainly didn’t want to tell her that he felt exactly the same way she did right now.

He sighed and turned around to face Worf and Wes, which only made him sigh again.

“Worf, I’m not going to be able to make it to the bridge today.”

“Is something wrong, Commander?”

“I just lied to Beverly. Something is definitely wrong with Wesley.” He looked right at Wes as he said that. He knew Wesley had heard him, though you would never know from looking at his face. No muscle had so much as twitched.

He broke his gaze from Wesley to look at Worf. He looked like he wanted to say something, but thought better of it, and left with a nod at Will.

Now it was just him and Wesley. He had no idea where to start, but he did know he wasn’t going to be as indulgent.

“Look, Wes,” he started, making his way towards Wesley. “I get that you need time to recover, both physically and emotionally, but the clinging and the not talking have got to stop. I already feel like a monster, but now I fear I’ve done some permanent emotional damage.”

“You’re not a monster.”

It was spoken so quietly that Will wasn’t even sure he had heard it. “What?”

“You’re not a monster.”

There was no mistaking what he heard that time. He didn’t know what to say to that. Wesley may say that he wasn’t a monster, but his actions said otherwise. He walked off to the head to freshen up and to try and get his thoughts straight. Wesley followed, but at a greater distance than yesterday, and when Will was done, Wesley freshened up too. He still didn’t say anything, still didn’t know what to say, so instead, he walked out and sat on the sofa, and Wesley followed him.

Wesley sat at the other end of the sofa. They ought to talk, and Will figured he should probably be the one to start. Hell, he wasn’t even sure if Wes was going to keep talking.

“I don’t understand how you can say I’m not a monster when the way you’ve been acting only seems to prove that point.”

“I knew what I was getting into when I agreed to this. Any problems I’m having now are because of me. It’s nothing you did.”

Will opened his mouth to say something, but Wesley cut him off.

“No, let me finish.”

Will closed his mouth and let Wes continue.

“Will, you are the furthest thing from a monster. Even with that stuff in your system, you forced yourself to wait until you got back on the ship, until you got back to me, instead of just sleeping with the first person you saw.”

Will couldn’t help smiling at that.

“I know I thought it was overkill at the time, but the precautions you took before you even touched me is something I really appreciate. I’m sure nobody else was treated so well. You restrained yourself, Will, to make sure that I would be okay, and once you finally did get your hands on me, I realized how hard that must have been for you. But you did it because you love me and you care for me and you couldn’t stand the thought of being the one to cause me pain. So no, you’re not a monster, Will.”

Will moved across the sofa and pulled Wesley into a hug. He was so relieved to know that Wesley felt that way. Worf had been right. Wesley had appreciated the precautions that Will had taken. It was so nice to know that Wesley appreciated that.

He still didn’t know why Wesley was acting so strangely though. He pulled out of the hug, but stayed sitting next to Wes. “If you don’t think I’m a monster, and this isn’t my fault, then what’s wrong?”

Wesley sighed and his shoulders sagged. “Will, I just don’t know.”

“Do you need to talk to someone? Maybe you should go see Deanna.”

Wesley’s eyes widened in surprise. “But Will, she doesn’t know about us.”

“No, she doesn’t.”

“I figured you didn’t really want her to know, at least not yet.”

“I don’t, Wes. I really don’t, but you’re more important than that. You know that, right?”

Wesley smiled at him, the first real smile since this whole ordeal had started. “I do. I just wanted to make sure you realized what you were doing.”

“It won’t really matter if your mom does go and tell the Captain.”

“Maybe I should go talk to her.”

“It’s okay, Wes. Don’t worry about it. If she tells, she tells.”

“Will, are you sure?”

“Yeah, I’m sure. Now, are you going to go and talk to Deanna?”

“I don’t know. Why don’t we give it a few more days and see.”

“Are you going to keep talking and stop clinging?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay. I can live with that then.”

“Does this mean you’re going to go to the bridge now?”

Will considered it, he really did, but Wesley looked so sad at the idea that Will would be going to the bridge, so he figured he could indulge Wesley for just one more day. At least he was talking now.

“Nah, I think I’ll stay here.”

Wesley beamed at him, and before Will could even move, he had a lapful of Wesley, and a tongue licking at the seam of his lips, trying to gain entrance into his mouth. He laughed against Wesley’s lips, and Wes used the advantage to thrust his tongue into Will’s mouth, and his laugh turned into a groan as Wesley’s tongue found his own.

He relaxed into the kiss, and let Wesley keep control of it. Wesley broke the kiss first, leaning back to look at Will.

“I love you, Will.”

“I know. I love you too.”

“I’m sorry that I had you so worried.”

“Just please don’t ever do that again.”

Wesley chuckled. “I’ll try not to.”

“So, now that we have the whole day, what do you want to do?”

Wesley smirked. “I was thinking a little of this.” He leaned in and kissed Will’s cheek. “And a little of this.” He kissed Will’s other cheek. “And a lot more of this.” He kissed Will again, slower and sweeter than the last one.

It was Will who broke the kiss first this time.

“That reminds me, how sore are you today?”

“I’m doing better. Still sore, but it’s really not bad. Why? You don’t want to do anything, do you?”

“Oh no. Definitely not. You’re not the only one who needs a few days of recovery.”

Wesley laughed. “Okay, good. You know what we can do though?”

“What’s that?”

“Go make out in the shower.”

Wesley was off his lap and headed towards the shower before Will could even respond. He got up to follow Wesley. He hoped this meant that Wesley was on his way to feeling better, but he couldn’t help but worry that Deanna was going to be entering the picture here in the near future.