Why Teen Girls Shouldn't Sleep in a Bikini
by ShortStories

My little sister has a best friend, Rachel, who she hangs out with constantly. Rachel is extremely attractive, with brunette hair and a fantastic pair of tits. They are big and round, and I can’t stop staring at them whenever she’s over. I have been dying to see Rachel’s perky boobs ever since my sister started having her over. I have seen her in a bikini many times, but nothing more. However, tonight my luck was about to change.

It was Friday night and my sister invited Rachel over for a sleepover. I was in my room while the two of them were outside in the hot tub. I could see them from my window. Rachel was wearing a green, yellow, and white bikini that made her look so sexy. I kept looking down at her every so often, picturing what her boobs would look like behind that bikini top.

After an hour or so, I hear the girls come inside. I heard them come inside, talk for a bit, and then silence. I kept doing what I was doing for a few more hours, and had almost forgotten about Rachel until I got up to go to the bathroom.

As I walked into the hallway I saw that my sister’s door was open, and there was light coming from a bedside lamp inside. That was strange because usually her door was closed at night. I assumed that they must have accidentally fell asleep without closing the door or turning off the light, since I could hear them snoring. I continued on to the bathroom.

After I finished I went back in the hallway and decided to take a closer look. The door was open enough that I could just walk through it. The light was dim but bright enough to see both girls. Rachel was closest to me while my sister was on the other side of the bed. I noticed that Rachel was still wearing her bikini, and both girls were fast asleep.

I looked at Rachel’s chest right in front of me. Her tits were right in front of my face, held back by her bikini top. I stared at her chest for a moment, before I gathered my thoughts and realized it would be really bad if I was caught standing here. Still, I had an extremely cute girl in front of me, sound asleep, with her perfectly shaped boobs taunting me. I decided that I needed to have a look, and then I would leave.

Carefully, I reached one finger down and gently tugged on the bottom of her bikini top. It slid easily and was now positioned right above her nipples. I felt myself getting hard in anticipation. I gave the bikini top another light tug and both of her perfect boobs popped out. I stared at her gorgeous breasts with small nipples. They were as perfect as I always imagined. She was sleeping on her side, so both her tits were facing directly at me. I stood there gaping at her bare chest, watching her boobs rise and fall with her breath for almost a minute. Rachel was sound asleep as I stared at her topless teenage body. I was getting so turned on thinking about how embarrassed she would be if she knew I had that close up view of her bare chest.

Finally I remembered where I was and that I couldn’t stand there forever. I was rock hard at this point, and my body was telling me to rub one out. Obviously I couldn’t do it in there, but I didn’t want to stop looking at these beautiful pair of tits in front of me. I thought for a moment, then I got an idea.

Slowly I walked back to my room and grabbed my phone. I headed back to the room, wondering why I only now thought of this. Rachel was in the exact same position. I opened the camera on my phone, got close to her, and took a picture of her bare tits, with her bikini pulled to the side and her nipples pointed directly at me.

I checked the photo and it was a clear HD shot of Rachel’s chest. At this point I figured I should go back to my room, since I didn’t want to push my luck, although I was convinced that Rachel and my sister were both sound asleep.

I took my hand and very carefully I cusped both breasts, one at a time, in my hand. Then I gently rubbed my fingers against her nipples. Then I gently put Rachel’s bikini top back over her breasts, so they were covered again. I double checked that everything was the way I found it, then I slowly went back to my room. I locked the door and jacked off to the picture of her chest, and it was amazing. Then I made sure I had the picture saved on my phone where no one but my could ever access it, and I went to bed.

Then next morning we all woke up for breakfast. The girls were awake before me, and as I walked down stairs I heard them telling my mom that they were so tired yesterday that they fell asleep in their bikinis as soon as they came in from the hot tub. I entered the room and everyone was acting normal, which told me that no one knew about what happened last night. I kept looking at Rachel’s chest, her round tits now covered by a bra and tank top. I thought about the picture on my phone and smiled to myself knowing that I can look at it whenever I want, and she has no clue about it. Now, every time my sister invites Rachel over I always end the night jacking off to that picture of her beautiful breasts.


