This is not a true story. It is just a fantasy which one of my newfound E Mail friend has asked me to write. We have never met & only exchanged E Mails. Our emails started through IS4U. Through emails we have learned a great deal about the each other. What we like, disliked, what we ate, who we slept with. We learned about our spouses. We discussed our children. Finally, our emails turned to sex. We discussed the things that turned us on. We talked about our fantasies. She seems to be hot & now wants me to write about our proposed first encounter. If she likes the narration she has promised to meet me. Lets see if lady luck smiles on me.

Finally, it happened, you agreed to meet me. We would spend a day together. Finally, the day arrives. I leave the house and drive to the hotel. The drive is a long one, this time and seems to take forever. I check in Hotel Park & then received a call from yu as agreed. I give yu room No. & wait for yu. I use the time to take a quick bath & change in hotel Bath robe. After about an hour I hear a knock at the door & there yu are. Your slim body and long hair a lovely rounded face, black eyes and full lips. Your nipples poke through the fabric of your blouse. I walk up to you and put my arms around you. We kiss, nervously and quickly. All we can manage in the way of conversation is a quiet "hello". Nothing else is said.

The moment of truth. We turn to each other and ask, with our eyes, if we are ready for this. We each see confirmation and anticipation in the other.

The lights in the room are on and I have order beer, which is there waiting for us. A light snack is also there and all is ready. I go to you and slowly undress you. I take you by the hand and lead you to the bathroom. We turn the shower on and step in to the water. It cascades around us as we take the soap to wash each other. I rub the soap over your body, touching all of you, washing and rinsing as I go. I want to feel all of you and am hard as I rub your soft skin.

You stand in the shower and rinse off as you take the soap from my hand. You begin to wash me, starting with my head and then moving down to my chest. The soap runs down me and your hands follow it down, first washing my hard cock and then reaching behind me to run the soap into my ass. Your hands travel down my legs, washing and rubbing. I lean against the wall as you do. Finally, you are on your knees and you finish washing me. You look at me. Your hands run the length of my cock and you slowly take it into your mouth. Your tongue circles the tip and then rubs around the head. Your teeth rub against it and you take it completely into your mouth.

Your hands travel around my hips, holding me against you. My cock is deep inside your mouth and you move me back and forth. Your fingers travel around my buttocks. My hands are on your head, running through your hair as you move faster and faster. I feel myself giving in to a climax and a loud moan escapes my lips. Suddenly, my thighs tense and I am about to explode. I push yu & control myself as I don't want to get drained so fast.

I lean back against the wall as you let my cock drop from your mouth. Your hands reach up to my arms and you pull yourself off. You are smiling, having made the first part of our fantasy a reality. It is only the beginning, but it is a wonderful one.

Finally, we turn off the water and I dry you completely. Every square inch is patted and rubbed with the big soft bath towel. You smell great, totally clean and fresh, completely naked. You dry me, too and I am hard again. I will not be able to get enough of you. Looking at you makes me hard. It makes me want to make love with you for hours. Your body is perfect.

I pick you up in my arms and carry you out of the bathroom and into the room. We look into each other's eyes and smile. We know that this will be a long, draining day. I put you on the bed and go into the bathroom for the bottle of beer. You lie one your side, watching me walk. I poor one glass of beer, which we share, and put the bottle next to the bed. We are ready to explore.

I sit next to you and touch you softly. First on your side, I run my hands gently down over the curves from your neck, down your side and over your butt, down your legs. Your skin is soft and fresh. It tingles with my touch.

I can smell you and it is wonderful. The odor of your wetness is mixed with the soap now. We are close and this is a afternoon of romance and sex. I continue to touch you. My eyes cannot memorize you, but my hands will. As my hands slide over your back again, with you on your side, the fingertips hold one buttock and press in, running along the inside. You jump slightly as I press with my palm and with my fingertips. Then you relax again. I continue to move upward and gently roll you onto your back. I push gently on your tummy. My hands move up to your ribs and then to your breasts. The nipples are hard. I touch each one. Lightly at first and then slightly harder. I squeeze first one and then the other between my fingertips. I roll them between my thumb and finger. They are firm and hard and your big breasts are soft around them. My hands continue to explore, up above your breasts, to your shoulders and then to your neck. I rub the muscles on the side of your neck and then move to just below your ears.

I pull gently on the lobes and then run my fingers through your hair, trying to feel each individual hair. Then my fingers trace over the top of your head and down your forehead. They circle your eyes to rest just on either side. I push gently there with my fingers and you relax. I bend down and kiss you. Your lips are slightly open and I can feel your teeth and your tongue. We are about to make love. It has started and we are both ready.

I reach under your head and pull you up to me, still kissing you. One arm is supporting you. The other is free to run down your body. I rub your breasts, back down over your ribs and your stomach. I kiss your neck and then move to your breasts. Again, my hand circles around them first to the sides and then gently over the top. Your nipples are hard and sensitive and I can feel you tighten each time that I brush them.

Our kiss ends. I move down your body. Over your belly button, licking and tasting. Finally, I am at your pussy. Your legs part. I look at you and want to taste you. My tongue finds the top of your pussy and moves down, pushing harder against the opening as I move down. You are wet and your taste is fabulous. I push inside you as far as I can and cup my tongue around your clit. My tongue moves back and forth hard across it as you get wetter.

I lift your legs so that I can lick you more. My hands are braced under your legs and I look up your body and see that you are smiling and that your eyes are closed. Pushing harder with my tongue, I push deep inside and then pull back out. The juice of your pussy drips down, I know that you are about to come . Once more I push hard inside your pussy and your legs clench my head. I pull on your clit with my hard tongue and you climax. Your stomach muscles pull and tighten. You moan slightly and I am happy.

Once you have rested, you pull me up to kiss me again. We both enjoy your taste. I am ready to be inside you, but you roll me onto my back. It is my turn to be pleasured again. I want to be inside you. You straddle my legs and lift yourself over me. You gently drop down onto me. I slide in easily and you sit completely down, smiling at me as I look into your eyes. You do not move. I feel your warmth and wetness and am in heaven. Your pussy is wet and squeezes me just enough to keep me hard inside you.

Slowly you lie down on top of me and begin to move just slightly. I can feel your breath on me, feel your breasts pressed against me. I feel your hands next to my head, moving you back and forth and feel your lips as you kiss me. I cannot hold back for long and clench hard as you squeeze my cock. You lean down and kiss me again and I come. Hard. The feeling goes on and on and all of me goes into you. It is as if every nerve is alive and all of you is touching me. I reach around you and hug you close. We drift off to sleep this way. Both of us dream of more. We will have it.
