Merlin swallowed hard, and gathered his magic. He would much rather not - the last thing he needed was for a few random low-lifes to know his secret. The Lady and Aloysius were two people too many. But he couldn't see any other way out, and was about to set fire to Guntvig's sword belt when he heard a familiar voice.

"I'm sorry to interrupt, but I wonder if anyone could help me? I'm looking for my servant."

"Arthur!" Merlin relaxed instantly, the magic dissipating without inflicting so much as a singe on Guntvig's person.

Guntvig turned around, creating just enough room for Arthur to reach past him and grab Merlin's arm. Arthur gave Guntvig a civil nod and they were almost at the door before anyone else seemed to realise what was going on.

"Wait!" Guntvig barked.

Merlin and Arthur stopped and turned. Guntvig had produced a nasty-looking axe from somewhere and judging by the evil glint in his eye he was looking forward to embedding it in someone's skull very soon. Probably, thought Merlin sadly, his.

"Do I have some quarrel with you?" Arthur said calmly. "I do apologise if my servant has been any bother."

"He's not your servant any more," growled Guntvig.

"Sadly, you are mistaken," Arthur said. "I can assure you that curse is mine."

"I won him fair and square."

Arthur laughed. "You won him?"

"It's kind of true," Merlin murmured. Arthur backhanded him across the shoulder.

"A bet's a bet," said Guntvig.

Merlin rubbed his shoulder. "Ow."

"How much?" said Arthur.

Guntvig looked taken aback. "I don't know, exactly."

Arthur produced a money pouch from his jacket pocket. "Would this cover it?"

Guntvig took the pouch warily, as if he expected it to explode in his face. Merlin briefly considered making that happen; it would almost be worth it.

Then Guntvig's eyes went wide.

"Well?" said Arthur.

"I'm not looking for a fight," Guntvig said, neatly pocketing the pouch. "I'll accept this as a gesture of goodwill and that's an end to it."

"Excellent," said Arthur. "Goodnight, all."

And with that he dragged Merlin out of the room and closed the door firmly behind them.

"Thanks," said Merlin, beaming at Arthur, relief flooding through him.

"I don't want another word out of you until we get back to my room. And then I want an explanation. Is that clear?"

Merlin took one look at Arthur's face, and his smile faded. "Yes Sire," he said humbly, and followed Arthur home.

*

"So, Merlin," said Arthur, leaning back in his chair. "I'm all ears."

"I'm sorry," said Merlin. He noticed Arthur's clothes scattered around the floor from where he'd changed after they'd first arrived at the inn. He started to pick things up and chuck them into the corner, checking for rips or holes as he went.

"You're sorry."

"Hmm."

"Do you have any idea how much I just paid for your useless hide?"

"I don't suppose there's any chance you think I'm worth it?"

"After tonight's performance, frankly, no. What on earth were you thinking, Merlin?"

"I was... I don't know."

"I'm used to you being an appalling servant, disappearing for hours on end, saying the most inappropriate things.... but this? Gambling, Merlin? Really?"

Merlin fiddled with the corner of Arthur's shirt: the hem was worn ragged; he wondered if he had any thread the right colour with him.... "It's not how it looks."

"You were mixing with low-life scum."

"Okay, maybe it's a bit how it looks. But I wasn't doing it on purpose."

"You were playing dice by accident?!"

"Yes. Well, no, I mean...." Merlin hung his head, Arthur's shirt limp in his hands. "I don't know what to say."

"You could start by telling me the truth."

Merlin turned away, ostensibly to toss the shirt into the corner he had designated the laundry pile.

"I don't understand you, Merlin. You drag me all this way-"

"I didn't drag you, you were the one who wanted to come."

"- just for this? I'm beginning to wonder if this errand of yours is really anything of the kind or if it's just an excuse for you to indulge in the basest sort of...."

Arthur's voice tailed off. Merlin, who had bent to pick up a sock, looked over his shoulder to find out why and noticed that Arthur had the most peculiar look on his face.

"... activity," Arthur finished, with a shake of his head, as if clearing his mind of a troublesome thought. "Explain yourself."

Bet you'd love to know what goes through his mind when he watches you bend over to fix the buckle on your boots.

Merlin straightened up, and chucked the sock over his shoulder.

"Why did you come looking for me?"

"Don't change the subject, Merlin."

"Alright, then. This is the truth. I bumped into a friend who was in trouble and he needed help, so I tried to, but I got in above my head. So. Why did you come and find me?"

Their eyes met, Arthur's gaze steady and open as ever. It made Merlin feel like a filthy liar by comparison, but only for a moment. Arthur's eyes were very blue, and he looked so handsome, so damn noble, that Merlin's heart could have burst.

"I was worried about you," Arthur confessed. "And the ferret was getting antsy."

Merlin glanced at the rug by the fire, where Ferox was curled up sound asleep, nose resting in the luxuriant fur of her tail.

"She does look agitated," said Merlin. "What with the snoring and all."

"Shut up, Merlin."

"Yes, Arthur."

And that might have been that; Merlin might have gone back to tidying up Arthur's things; he might have dug the thread out of his pack and started to mend Arthur's shirt; he might have retrieved the silver coin the ferret had apparently stashed away under the rug, or perhaps they would just have gone to bed, Arthur perpetuating a stony silence until dawn.

But instead, Arthur stood up and crossed the room to pick up a log and place it on the fire. It flared brightly, sudden heat washing over Merlin's skin.

"Promise me you won't go off on your own like that again," Arthur said. "It's not safe."

"I would have been fine."

"No," Arthur said, his voice deceptively soft. "You would not."

"I can take care of myself. It was nothing I couldn't have handled-"

Arthur took hold of Merlin's shoulders and turned him around to face him, the flickering firelight making him look even angrier than before. "When I think of those ugly, filthy bastards laying a hand on you I can't stand it. I want to gut each and every one of them; I want to put a lance through their disgusting, corpulent bellies and roast them over a slow fire. They're the scum of the earth and you... you shouldn't... you..."

Arthur's grip lessened as he came to his senses; he looked mortified, and Merlin was half-waiting for him to say something stupid and dismissive and take it all back. But he didn't.

"You're better than that," he finished.

"Arthur," said Merlin, gently. "What do you think they were going to do to me?"

"Use you," Arthur said. "That's what he does, that man, Guntvig. The landlord told me. He keeps boys as slaves, charges people to... Merlin, surely I don't have to explain how prostitution works."

Merlin was speechless; Arthur was making no sense but his hands were warm on Merlin's shoulders and Merlin's mind was swimming with confusion.

"No," he managed, eventually. "No, he didn't really mean...."

"You're an idiot," said Arthur, not unkindly.

Finally, things slotted into place: what Aloysius had said; Arthur inviting him into his bed; a hundred looks and touches and this heat that coiled in Merlin's belly every time he saw Arthur smile. And for once Merlin didn't take the things apart again and call himself a fool; for once Merlin let them stay. And then he took a risk far greater than any roll of dice, or theft, or taking Guntvig at his word.

He took a step closer to Arthur, slid his hands into Arthur's hair, and kissed him.

Arthur's entire body went still for a moment, and he muffled a few unintelligible words against Merlin's mouth. But then his arms were very definitely pulling Merlin close, not pushing him away, and he kissed Merlin back with an enthusiasm Merlin hadn't imagined possible.

Actually, he realised with a shock, he'd never really imagined simply kissing Arthur. Only other, more obscene things. He felt a little embarrassed about that.

"Merlin," Arthur said, then paused to nibble at Merlin's lower lip before he continued, "I want to take you to bed and do-" Another nibble. "-filthy-" A kiss on the corner of Merlin's mouth. "-filthy-" And on his neck. "-things to you. Is that alright?"

"Yes," said Merlin. "So long as I can do them back."

"That sounds excellent," said Arthur, and he fumbled with the buckle of Merlin's belt.

"Let me do that."

"I can manage."

"Doesn't look like it to me."

Arthur tugged hard on Merlin's belt, pulling him in very, very close indeed, and rested his forehead on Merlin's. "I'm perfectly capable of undressing people."

"You've got it in a bit of a knot, though," Merlin pointed out, reasonably.

"Are you always like this? Do we have to argue all the way through?"

"I don't know. I've never done this before."

That stopped Arthur right in his tracks. He let go of Merlin's belt, took a half-step backwards and said, "Really?"

"Does it matter?" Merlin stripped his belt off in one swift, economic move.

"No, it's just… are you sure?"

"Yes," Merlin said, firmly, and then, as doubt crept in, "Why, are you?"

"Well, yes. Have been for a while, actually. Wanting this, I mean."

"Me too." Merlin dropped his belt on the floor and started in on Arthur's.

"But you've never…. not with anyone?"

"Do we have to labour the point?"

"No, sorry, no, of course not. No."

Arthur watched him, dumbstruck for a moment, as Merlin deftly twitched the leather out of its knot, through its buckle. Merlin was about to move on to Arthur's trouser laces, but Arthur stopped him, and pulled him in for another kiss. Soft, this time, while Arthur's hands worked their way under Merlin's shirt and touched his back.

"I mean," Arthur said, softly, "I'm honoured."

"I'm not a girl." Merlin found himself smiling, not quite able to be outraged.

"No," said Arthur. "No, you're really not. Come on. Let's get on the bed."

Merlin half-hopped to the bed, trying to get his boots off. He wasn't entirely successful, but fell on the bed with one boot off, and managed to rid himself of the other one while Arthur was busy laughing at him.

Arthur, meanwhile, had managed to remove his boots gracefully and with no fuss whatsoever, and he lay next to Merlin, on his side, head propped up on one elbow. Merlin lay on his back, heart racing, arms rigid at his sides.

"Well," Merlin said. "This is weird."

"It might help if you relax a little."

"Right," said Merlin, and his shoulders crept another half inch closer to his ears.

"Honestly, Merlin," Arthur muttered, and then he leaned across and kissed Merlin on the mouth.

It was a slow, easy sort of kiss, and Merlin found himself melting into it. His arms went naturally around Arthur, partly holding him in place and partly relishing being able to touch him. Arthur wasn't usually keen on touching unless it was the back-slapping, shoulder-punching sort. To be able to simply stroke his back; to find the outline of his shoulder blade; to drape an arm around his neck and feel the tickle of his hair on the back of his hand felt amazing.

"That's better," Arthur said, raising himself up again on one strong arm.

"Hmm," Merlin agreed, and pulled Arthur down for more kissing.

Arthur worked a hand up Merlin's shirt to stroke his side, flirting with his hip, his belly and finally swiping a thumb across Merlin's nipple.

Merlin laughed, breaking the kiss. Arthur looked mildly offended.

"That doesn't work on men," Merlin pointed out. "It's just ticklish."

A sly smile crept onto Arthur's face. "Is that right, Merlin?"

"Pretty sure," Merlin said.

Arthur skirted over Merlin's nipple again, then caught it between forefinger and thumb, pinched lightly, twisted, then stroked again and a jolt of pleasure shot from Merlin's chest to his groin and he couldn't help but arch off the bed, fingers tightening in Arthur's hair.

"Thought so," Arthur said, smugly.

"It doesn't usually do that," gasped Merlin.

"Well, it does now," said Arthur.

"Thanks."

"You're welcome."

Arthur's hand settled over Merlin's ribs, warm and protective.

Merlin laughed. It was all suddenly ludicrous, that he was here, in Arthur's bed, doing things, nipple things, after all this time, all that thinking nothing like this would ever, ever happen and now…

"I'm glad I'm so amusing to you, Merlin."

"No, no." Merlin's fingers were still in Arthur's hair; he moved them in small circles, a little bit in awe of the fact that he could, and that it felt so nice. "No, it's just… this is weird."

Arthur's expression broke into a smile. "Yes. yes, it is a bit. Good weird, though?"

Merlin nodded. "Good weird."

Arthur kissed Merlin briefly on the neck; it made everything feel far away and irrelevant, only the tingle of his skin mattering at all.

"You'd better get the neck thing off," Arthur said, giving Merlin's neckerchief a tug. "If I couldn't get your belt undone I don't stand a chance with that monstrosity."

Merlin glared at him and deftly unknotted the neckerchief. Arthur plucked it off eagerly, dropping it to the floor before running his tongue from the notch between Merlin's collarbones, along the arch of his neck and finally resting behind Merlin's ear, where he stopped and nipped at Merlin's earlobe. It should have been odd and ludicrous but all Merlin felt was that same tingle and heat, and a deep, visceral need to push his body into Arthur's in a vague attempt to release tension, to take the edge off. Anything.

"Still weird?" Arthur said, when he'd teased Merlin's ears a couple more times and Merlin had started to make a little moaning noise with every involuntary rock of his hips.

"Yeah," Merlin said, and then, a moment later, "Don't stop."

"I want to touch you. Is that alright?"

"You already are touching me," Merlin pointed out.

Arthur's had rested on Merlin's thigh, and squeezed.

"Oh," said Merlin. "Yes. Um, go ahead."

His mouth found Arthur's and they kissed. It helped Merlin ignore the embarrassment and the fear that once Arthur's hand had made its way inside his trousers he'd either come or go soft or something would be wrong or-

"Oh fuck," Merlin breathed.

Arthur pulled back, his hand perfectly still on Merlin's cock, surprise on his face.

"What?" said Merlin.

"I didn't know you even knew words like that, Merlin!"

I know a lot of words that might surprise you, Merlin thought, some of them can start fires and floods and windstorms and open up the earth, but what he said was, "Sorry?"

"It's alright, Merlin," said Arthur, laughing. "It's perfectly appropriate in the circumstances."

"Well, thanks," Merlin said. "I wouldn't want to be inappropriate when you've got your hand down my trousers."

Arthur moved his hand, forming a loose fist and stroking it slowly down Merlin's very hard cock, and then back up again, thumb swiping over the tip. "Is that inappropriate enough for you?"

"Fuck," said Merlin again.

"Yeah," said Arthur, voice low and husky, lips brushing Merlin's ear. "Fuck."

Merlin rolled his hips and thrust into Arthur's hand, everything feeling wrong and different and not like when he did this himself, but at the same time feeling very much like he never wanted it to stop. "Harder," he said.

Arthur's grip tightened. "Like this?"

"Yeah." Merlin bit his lower lip, eyelashes fluttering as the pleasure intensified.

"Tell me when you're close."

Merlin waited for three more strokes then said, "close. Very… close."

Arthur kissed him, tongue pressing into Merlin's mouth for the first time, and Merlin had one last, brief thought, "He wants to kiss me while I come, oh God," and then he was there, he was done, his hips were jerking and he was sucking wildly on Arthur's tongue and he was spurting all over Arthur's hand, sticky and wet. Arthur made a noise, a rough growl in the back of his throat as he pulled the last of Merlin's orgasm from him, and Merlin knew he'd never heard that noise before, not like that, and he wanted it again and always and fuck, fuck, fuck…

Arthur's kiss gentled, his tongue withdrew; he brushed his lips over Merlin's cheekbones. He still held Merlin's cock loosely in his hand, all sticky and messy as it was, while Merlin came down.

"Merlin," Arthur said after a while.

"Yes?"

"You're not going to sleep, are you?"

A broad grin stretched across Merlin's face. "No," he said.

Arthur grinned back. There was a blush across his nose; his lips were wet. "Well, that's good."

All at once Merlin realised that so far Arthur had done all the work, which admittedly made a change, but Merlin felt bloody fantastic and had a huge and overwhelming desire to make Arthur feel this way too. His brain was fuddled and his limbs were lax and slow to move, but he really wanted to see Arthur trembling in ecstasy, so…

Merlin managed, with great effort, to turn onto his side. Face to face, he and Arthur grinned at each other just long enough for it to turn from happily foolish to downright silly. It was bordering on embarrassing when Merlin said, "I want to, um…"

Arthur raised an eyebrow.

"Do, um, would you like me to do that? To you?"

"Yes," said Arthur. "Although, Merlin…"

"Mmm?"

"You don't have to. Our relationship is… it's true that I think of you as something of a friend, but you are my servant and-"

Merlin pressed his mouth against Arthur's to silence him. "Don't," he said. "It's not like you could ever make me do something I didn't want to do."

Arthur gave a little laugh, and his arm tightened around Merlin's waist, drawing him closer. They kissed again, longer this time, open and soft and Merlin was starting to really like the feel of Arthur's tongue stroking and twisting against his.

Then he tried to take things a little further and it all went wrong. Apparently it was a lot easier to get your hand into someone else's trousers in fantasies than when faced with the complicated reality of linen, laces, underthings and a wrist that wouldn't twist at exactly the right angle. It ended with Arthur laughing and Merlin wanting to hit him, which wasn't exactly the desired effect.

"It might work better with less clothes," Arthur said.

"Yes. Shall I…"

"Let me. You get your own things off."

"Good idea."

A few moments later Merlin lay down naked next to Arthur, shivering and feeling distinctly skinny as he watched Arthur's lean, muscled body emerge from his clothes. He settled back on the bed and pulled Merlin to him, kissed him, and Merlin still couldn't get his head around how wrong-right that felt.

Merlin had seen Arthur naked countless times, knew his body intimately from a hundred different angles; but it hadn't prepared him in the slightest for how warm Arthur's skin felt under his fingertips; for how smooth, how sensitive. Places that usually caused Arthur to fidget when Merlin brushed them while taking his armour off now made him squirm.

Merlin watched Arthur's face as he touched his cock; partly for clues as to whether he was doing it right, but also out of sheer curiosity. When Merlin touched him in a certain way - a firm grip on the shaft, little finger trailing over his balls - Arthur's eyes slid shut, his head tipped back and his teeth sank into his lower lip. When Merlin touched the end of Arthur's cock, the corner of his mouth twitched and his whole body tensed. Merlin said, "Too much?" and Arthur nodded, and used his own hand on top of Merlin's to show him how he liked it. Merlin found his rhythm and went with it easily. Arthur was silent, rocking his hips and panting, and Merlin felt the tension spreading to his thighs, his belly.

"C'mon, Arthur," Merlin said. "You like this, don't you?"

Arthur nodded.

"You're allowed to make a noise, you know. You can let go. I'm here. Let go, Arthur, you can-"

"Merlin," Arthur gasped, and his body shuddered from head to foot as he came all over Merlin's hand.

Merlin kept stroking, rubbing the stuff into Arthur's skin, drinking in the sight of Arthur lost in pleasure. He was pulling some pretty ridiculous faces, actually, but it was still one of the most beautiful things Merlin had ever seen.

Eventually Arthur started to laugh, and batted Merlin's hand away. Merlin flopped back on the bed at Arthur's side, wiping his hand on the sheets.

"That was good, Merlin," Arthur said, and ruffled Merlin's hair. Merlin found he didn't mind that in the least. "Not bad for a beginner."

"Thank you, Sire," said Merlin with half-hearted sarcasm.

"I'm still very angry at you for going to that place, mind."

"Yes, Sire." Merlin yawned.

"I'm glad we've got that straight."

"Mmm," Merlin said, nuzzling into Arthur's arm. They were quiet for a while, Merlin blessedly thoughtless, and he might even have been drifting to sleep when he became aware of Arthur wriggling next to him.

"Right," said Arthur. "Your turn again."

"My what?" said Merlin, but Arthur was already slithering down the bed. Kissing Merlin's chest. His belly. His cock.

His cock.

"Arthur?"

Wet slide of lips and tongue and Merlin's cock was buried deep in Arthur's mouth and he was gasping for breath, fingers clutching at Arthur's shoulders.

Arthur slowly slid off again, and looked up. His lips were wet, and his hand was gripping the root of Merlin's cock like he owned it.

Which, Merlin supposed, he did.

"Want to do the same to me?" Arthur asked, cheerfully.

Merlin could only nod and make a squeaky sort of noise in the back of his throat. Arthur turned around in one lithe move, tugged Merlin to where he wanted him and Merlin, his body pliant with pleasure and trusting Arthur completely, went. Now they could both reach each other; as Arthur took Merlin's cock back into his mouth, Merlin found himself nose-to-nose, as it were, with Arthur's.

Merlin had always expected this to be unpleasant; he knew he wanted to do it, but he couldn't say why, until the moment that his mouth was stuffed full of hard cock and he tasted Arthur's skin and felt the flutter of Arthur's belly under his fingertips. They rocked together and it was slow and easy, and Merlin thought maybe he could do this all night, right up to the moment when he knew he was coming, and panicked because no, Arthur couldn't want him to do that there. He squirmed his hips and tried to pull back, so determined that it took him until it was too late anyway to realise Arthur was holding him in place.

Then he was coming in Arthur's mouth, and he looked down and there was some on Arthur's chin, somehow, when he'd done, and Merlin forgot about sucking Arthur's cock and wriggled around to lick his face instead while Arthur rubbed himself off on Merlin's hip, and Merlin wondered if they'd ever stop, if the world would just leave them the fuck alone to do this until they both died, because it felt fucking good.

And then, curled up in rough sheets, grinning ear-to-ear and waiting for Arthur to finish cleaning them both up, Merlin fell sound asleep.

*

Merlin was dreaming. He and Arthur were playing dice to decide which one of them was going to tell Uther they were having sex together, and he was losing. Someone - Sir Leon, judging by the coughing - was beating on the door, warning them that Uther was approaching, and Arthur had just said, "He's going to break the door down," when Merlin woke up.

The noise of someone beating on the door didn't go away, though; it just scaled down to match the actual size of the door to their room.

"Merlin," Arthur growled. "The door."

"Alright, alright, I'm going."

"Take m'sword, just in case."

"In case of what?" Merlin got out of bed, only to realise that he was, of course, naked. He fumbled around for his shirt, and Arthur's sword, and had found neither before he heard a voice from the other side of the door.

"Merlin, please! Let me in!"

"Aloysius!" Merlin grabbed his blanket from his pack and wrapped himself in that, forgot about the sword and went and opened the door.

Aloysius half-fell through the door and into Merlin's arms, and the first thing Merlin noticed was the blood. It shone greasily in the light from the hall outside, trickling down Aloysius's temples, across his cheek, and dripped from his nose.

"Arthur, some light! He's hurt! Aloysius, what happened to you?"

"Guntvig, mostly. Don't worry about me. I had to come and tell you something. It's important."

Candlelight flickered over them and Merlin could feel the warmth of Arthur's body behind him.

"Get him cleaned up, first," Arthur said. "That's a nasty head wound."

Merlin slung Aloysius's arm across his shoulders, and, with Arthur's help, half-led, half-dragged him over to the chair.

"I'll get some water," Merlin said. Arthur was looking closely at the gash on Aloysius's head. Merlin went to the water-stand, wrestling his way into his trousers (located under the bed, of all places) on the way. He poured a bowl of water, and found a clean washcloth.

"Are you hurt anywhere else?" Arthur asked Aloysius.

"No. He slammed my face into the wall, that's all. I hit him in the privates and ran."

Arthur gave a bark of laughter. "Well, it may be dishonourable, but in this case I'd say it's fitting."

Merlin knelt at the side of the chair, and soaked the washcloth thoroughly before wringing it out and starting to clean Aloysius's wounds. He'd seen Gaius do this more times than he cared to remember, and could only hope he'd picked up the knack.

"Thanks," Aloysius said, wincing as Merlin dabbed at a tender bit.

"Don't mention it," said Merlin. "I've got some salve somewhere; just let me make sure it's clean first."

"Congratulations, by the way." Aloysius nodded towards Arthur. "''bout time, eh?"

Merlin blushed and cleared his throat, and Arthur said, "What?"

"He can read minds," Merlin said, as casually as he could manage. "Sorry."

"What?.... Oh. Oh!" And to Merlin's delight he went as red as a beetroot. "Are you a sorcerer?" he asked Aloysius.

"No! Would I have let this happen if I was?" Aloysius pointed to his face. "I won't tell, I promise. Anyway, you've got more important things to worry about."

Merlin re-wetted the cloth and dabbed at another cut on Aloysius's cheekbone.

"What things?" said Arthur.

"The Lady," said Aloysius, and there was a world of pain in the way he said her name.

"The Lady who?" Arthur asked.

"The Lady Margaret," Merlin said. "She runs the gambling thing-"

"The Game," Aloysius said. "Or at least, she thinks she does."

"I think you'd better start at the beginning," said Arthur.

"It's not what you think," Aloysius said. "She's got nothing to do with Guntvig. He just happened to be there today. And she didn't mean Merlin any malice; you don't have to eviscerate her."

"Can you stop the mind reading?" Arthur said.

Merlin grinned to himself. He rather liked the idea of Arthur contemplating the evisceration of his enemies.

"Sorry," said Aloysius.

"There was something important you needed to tell us?" Arthur said.

"After you left, the Lady sent me to The Master. See, there's this Game. Three items, all items of magic. Whoever finds all of them and delivers them to the Master wins. So the last couple of years, me and the Lady have been travelling around the land. You learn a lot through playing dice; people bring their dirtiest secrets, their deepest fears in with their stakes. So I read minds, the Lady ran the tables and we got what we needed. Found the cup and the pendant early on, but the ring proved a lot harder. 'Til we came here, and heard the ring was right under our noses."

"I had no choice," Merlin said to Arthur. "It was that or... Guntvig."

"Had no choice about what?" said Arthur.

"I. Um. Helped Aloysius steal the ring."

"Merlin!"

"I was desperate! Guntvig was... you said so yourself!"

"It's like I hardly know you, Merlin! Gambling, stealing... are there any other little secrets you'd like to let me in on?"

"If you really must know I-"

"Ow!" Aloysius screamed. "Merlin, that hurts!"

Merlin dragged his attention back to what he was doing. "Sorry. It's deep. You should probably have it sewn up."

Aloysius went visibly pale.

"I'll do what I can," Merlin said. "Hang on, I'll get that salve."

"So," Arthur said. "You and Merlin stole this ring."

"Yes. After you left this evening, she sent me to meet the Master and tell him she's got the items. So I did-"

"Wait," Arthur said. "This 'Master' just happens to be in town?"

"We have ways of contacting him," Aloysius said. "He has certain talents, if you know what I mean."

"A sorcerer?" said Merlin, painfully aware of Arthur tensing beside him at the mere sound of the word.

"Probably, yes. They don't all wear pointy hats, you know; it can be hard to tell."

Merlin concentrated hard on unscrewing the jar of salve and scooping out a generous amount. "This might sting a bit."

"Who's got the ring now?" Arthur said. "It must be of some magical value if this sorcerer wants it."

"We're to meet him at Neath tomorrow, at dawn, to hand over the items. And he had one other request." Aloysius looked down, twisting his bloodied bandana in his hands. "He told the Lady to bring you, Merlin."

"Merlin?!" Arthur exclaimed. "What could he possibly want with Merlin?"

"I'm not sure," Aloysius said, his eyes locked on Merlin's. "It's a mystery to us."

"That's easy," said Merlin. "It's a trap. He thinks if I go, Arthur will go with me."

"I certainly will," Arthur said. "I think this sorcerer has run his last game, don't you?"

"No, Arthur!" said Merlin. "What is it with you? Didn't you hear the word 'trap'?"

Arthur shrugged. "He doesn't know I've worked it out. I therefore have the advantage."

"Yes," Merlin said, pushing to his feet, mindless of the stool clattering over behind him. "You have the advantage of staying here and not putting yourself in danger!"

"And since when did you get to tell me what to do, Merlin?!"

"Since you got too blockheaded to save your own stupid hide!"

"Um," said Aloysius, "Sorry to break up the lover's tiff here, but my head hurts like fuck, so if we could get to the part where we all leave for Neath, that would be great."

"He's not coming," Merlin said. "It's my mess, I'll deal with it."

"I most certainly am coming," said Arthur. "How on earth could you manage to defeat a sorcerer all by yourself?"

Merlin and Aloysius exchanged a glance. Aloysius shrugged.

"I just don't think you should take the risk," Merlin said.

"Merlin." Arthur lay his hand on Merlin's shoulder, warm skin on cold, and said, "When will you learn that actually, I'm really quite good at this kind of thing?"

Merlin sighed, thinking how nice it felt to have Arthur touch him, how stupid Arthur was, and how many times Arthur would have died without him.

"Alright," said Merlin. "I'll get the horses."

*