Bottomless Teacher
by Neykid

Maria was just fresh out of teachers college and was gung ho to get started in her teaching career. She applied for numerous jobs but only got a reply from a small town called Buttzville. Why not, might as well start somewhere she thought, so she set out for Buttzville. She kind of laughed at the name of the town. She finally arrived at the school but she was nervous about the interview. So she tried to calm herself down and then headed for the principal’s office.
“Hello I am here for an interview.” Maria said to the receptionist.
“Mr Jordan is waiting for you go right on in.” She said pointing to the door to her left
Maria knocked on the door and heard Mr Jordan say “Come on in.”
“It is nice to meet you Ms Henson.” Mr Jordan said as he held out his hand.
Maria shook his hand and took a seat. She went through the interview process and Mr Jordan was impressed with her. He then took her on a tour of the school. She just peered into the classrooms which were full of students as she walked down the corridors. When they got back to the principal’s office Mr Jordan said “We will be glad to have you teach here.”
“Really, then I accept the position.” Maria said with a smile
When she got out of the principal’s office the corridors were filled with students going to their next class. As her mind was full of the things she had to do to move to Buttzvile but out of the corner of her eye she thought she saw a girl that was bottomless. When she turned to look all she saw was a sea of students.
Finally she made the move to Buttzville and got herself an apartment and moved in what little possessions she had. Now she was looking forward to her first teaching day. She met with Mr Jordan who assigned her a class. Then he took her and introduced her to her students and then left her and returned to his office.
Maria had the first day jitters so all she did was try to get to know her students and their names. She figured out what type of lesson plan and what they were being taught. Then the bell rang and they left and the next group of students came in. Then the girl Maria thought she saw the other day came into her class bottomless.
When everyone was seated she had to find out why she was bottomless.
“I am new here but I am wondering why you are bottomless?” 
“It is a form of punishment for doing something bad.” Sarah said 
Maria was completely shocked they would do such a thing so she excused herself and went to speak with Mr Jordan.
Maria expressed her disapproval of punishing the girl like that to Mr Jordan. All Mr Jordan said “It works to keep the girls inline while the boys get hard labour when they do something bad.
Maria went back to her class all despondent. She had a moral dilemma; she couldn’t just quit her first teaching job. She kept an eye on Sarah who seemed to be fine being naked from the waist down. When the bell rang for the change of class she watched Sarah get up of her seat and go on her way like it was normal for her to be half naked.
After a few more days there was another girl who was bottomless. Maria kept an eye on her too and just like Sarah she didn’t seem too worried that the boys would do anything bad to her. Then one day Sarah came to class with a skirt on which seemed out of place to Maria because she use to her being half naked.
Then the faculty wanted to celebrate that Maria was part of team who was the only female teacher at the school. They went to the local watering hole and had a few drinks. Maria felt like they were trying to get her drunk but she didn’t care. When the night was over they all went their separate ways. Maria thought she could drive the few miles home.
Boy was she wrong. She got pulled over by the local police and got charged with a DUI. She got her car impounded and spent the night in the drunk tank. In the morning they processed her and told her to take her skirt and underwear off for the mug shot. 
She couldn’t believe this was happening to her but she wasn’t going home unless she did as they asked. So she reluctantly gave over her skirt and panties to the Sergeant. She stood there half naked and got her picture taken. Then she had to do the walk of shame out of the police station. She had to call for a taxi because she didn’t know how far away she was from home. When the taxi came the driver watched as she got in and got a good look. 
She hung her head in disbelief in the back of the taxi thinking of the month she would have to spend half naked. Then she thought maybe she lost her job then she really got depressed. She started to cry thinking that her new life had ended as quickly as it started. Then the taxi driver pulled over to comfort her. 
“I know you are new here but this punishment isn’t so bad. You will still have your job but you have to embrace being half naked.”
“That is easy for you to say you are not half naked.” Maria said in anger
“No I am not but you have a month of being bottomless so you have to get use to it. Why don’t you spread your legs and let me take another look.”
Maria mind went to Sarah and the other girl out went about the school like it was normal being bottomless. He said he already had a look so she slowly opened her legs to let him look.
“Wow very nice. Now that wasn’t so bad was it?”
She had to admit it wasn’t too bad but she did have shame being half naked in front of the taxi driver. When the taxi driver dropped her off at home he had another quick look. Maria knew there was no way of being lady like getting out of the taxi. As soon as she got in her home she got a call from the principal about coming in Monday and to have a good weekend.
Maria couldn’t believe it she still had her job but now she had to face everyone at school half naked. Maria had no choice but to get use to people seeing her with just a top on. She spent that Saturday indoors bottomless and catching up on her sleep. She occasionally went to her underwear drawer to see what she won’t be wearing for the next month.
She actually slept naked that night but in the morning she didn’t know what to do with herself. She had some breakfast but all her thoughts were being half naked at school. It was getting the best of her and she almost had an anxiety attack. Then she remembered she had to get her car out of the police impound.
She just put on a T-shirt then called for a taxi again and got the same guy but this time she sat with her legs apart which brought a smile to his face. She held her purse in front of her as she went inside the police station. There were a few officers there that gave her a look over but she paid them no attention, she just wanted to get out of there in a hurry. She paid the fine and was led to the impound site. A few more officers and the tow truck driver saw her half naked.
She signed a few papers and got her car back as well as her skirt and panties. She thought about driving straight home but didn’t want to be indoors on this nice day even though some part of her wanted to stay hiden. She saw a running track on her drive then raced home to get ready to go for a jog. She always liked jogging and it always helped to relieve some tension when she was stressed.
She looked at herself in the mirror after she put on her sports bra and running shoes. She couldn’t believe she was going jogging half naked. She got in her car again and made her way back to the jogging track. She did a few stretches then starting jogging slowly to warm up. It actually felt very nice in a weird kind of way to be out in just a sports bra.
As she started another lap she heard someone from behind say “Nice butt, someone was a naughty girl.”
Maria turned around to see Sarah the girl from her class jogging behind her half naked as well.
“What happened, Ms Henson?”
“I got a DUI on Friday night now I have to spend a whole month bottomless.”
“Oh nice one, you do have the butt for being bottomless all the time.”
“I have been told I have a J-LO butt and it is my best feature.”
As they both kept jogging around the track Maria told Sarah “I am very nervous to go to school like this tomorrow.”


Bottomless Teacher pt2

You will be fine but if you want to talk about it tomorrow or need help I am here for you. I will let you in on a little secret I intentionally do bad things to be half naked. If you wear panties or a skirt when you are not supposed to, they add more time to your punishment too.”
“So you really like showing off your bottom half?”
“Yes I do, I even take off my top as well which you are allowed to do but only if you want to.”

Maria was starting to feel where this girl was coming from, being dressed the way she was certainly was enjoyable. They finished jogging and hugged each other good bye. As Maria walked back to her car she looked around to see if anyone was looking then took off her sports bra. Maybe it was the fact she can’t be arrested for indecent exposure that gave her the freedom to enjoy being naked in public.
When she arrived back at her apartment her landlord was out cutting the grass. Well he is going to see me sometime during this month she thought so she go out of her car went by him to her apartment.
“Ahh someone has been a naughty girl and so soon.” Her landlord chuckled
“Yea I have been.” she smiled back
When she got inside she thought to herself maybe this isn’t going to be too bad. She started to pick out what she wanted to wear and wanted to look super-hot for her first day half naked. The next morning she dressed in a tight white blouse with no bra and buttoned up to just below the breast then she put on thigh high black stockings and black high heels.
Maria was a bundle of nerves driving to work but there was nothing she could do but take her punishment. When she arrived at school she calmed herself by taking a deep breath then she stepped out of her car. She held her head high as she walked to the front door of the school. She got all kinds of stares but all she could think of how she got like this, going to school to teach her students half naked.
She was on sensory over load when she walked into the principal’s office.
“Ms Henson, nice to see you this morning.” The principal said in a sarcastic tone
“Very funny, look I am very sorry what happened the other night.”
“No need to worry as long as you go by the rules of your punishment. Well you better get to your class.”
Maria nervously got up to go to class as Mr Jordan took a really good look at her bubble butt as it wiggled. Mr Jordan was very happy to have hired her plus having to look at that ass for a whole month was just icing on the cake and then some.
Everyone was having a good look at Maria below the waist as she walked to her classroom. When the bell rang for the students to get to class Maria stood at the door and greeted them. Sarah smiled at her teacher as she passed by to go to her seat. All the boys were a little boisterous as they gave her a few cheers and wolf whistles.
“Ok class calm down. As you can see I have been a bad girl and I will be this way for a while.” Maria said trying to sound confident. “So everything will be business as usual so do you guys have any question before we start class?”
One of the jocks put up his hand. 
“Yes uumm Mark is it yea what your question is?”
“I see you are braless under your blouse do you mind if we see your tits too?”
Maria blushed for being caught out for being braless which was weird since she was bottomless but she slowly unbuttoned her blouse.
She held her blouse open for all to see. “Now can we start class?”
There was a quiet cheer as they all said “yes.”
Maria looked over at Sarah and smiled at her knowing that they were thinking the same thing. They both liked being on display. Maria didn’t bother to do up her blouse as she started to teach her class then she accidentally dropped her chalk and chuckled to herself as she bent over with straight legs to pick it up.
Her next class was basically the same all the boys got a good look and she had to quiet the class down so they could do some work. Then Mr Jordan showed up. 
“Oh don’t mind me I am just going to sit at the back of the class and observe.”
“Oh ok.” Maria said as she got all nervous again. Then she remembered her blouse was completely undone. What’s the point in doing it up now he has seen everything I have she thought, so she tried to concentrate on teaching her class. 
When the class was over Mr Jordan congratulated her on doing a great job and keep up the good work. When it was time for lunch Maria went to the teachers’ lounge. All the teachers turned their heads as she walked in with her blouse still undone. All the guys said they were glad to have her on board and they liked her new attire.
Maria didn’t know that she would enjoy being basically naked in school. Her first day was really good she liked the attention and also the heightened state of arousal but little did know what was waiting for her at home.


On her drive home at the end of the day she was feeling really good about herself. She felt free and sexy but all of that quickly vanished as she turned on to her street and recognized the car in the driveway. It was her Mom’s car so she got all in a panic as she was always fearful of her mother. She couldn’t go home half naked then she remembered she left her skirt and panties in the back seat so she quickly put on just her skirt and did up her blouse. 
As a kid her mother stripped her in front of her friends at her own thirteenth birthday party when she found cigarettes in her school bag. She had to spend her whole party naked. That was the last time she had done something bad. She was shamed into being a good girl. Now she had done something really bad and drove while drunk. She couldn’t let her Mom know anything about her being a bad girl again.
She was all glad to see her then decided to take her out for something to eat so they could chat and catch up on things. After they had had their dinner and they were on their way home Maria glanced in her rear view mirror and saw a cop car. She got all nervous then the sirens came on to signal her to pull over.
She knew she violated her punishment so she nervously waited for the cop to come up to her window. She couldn’t look at her mother so just looked straight ahead then the cop knocked on her car window.
She rolled down her window. “I am sorry officer it won’t happen again.” Maria said all nervous as to what was going to happen.
“I am sure it won’t so please step out of the car.” The officer said with authority
Maria slowly stepped out of the car and closed the door and that is when the officer quickly grabbed and bent her over the hood of her own car. He quickly put her in hand cuffs and she looked at her mother in fear. The rough officer hiked up her skirt to expose her naked rear then started to kneed that bubble but of hers. Maria was still looking at her mother in fear as the officer was having his way.
Maria then felt something cold against her skin and then heard her skirt being cut. She felt her skirt fall away and then a hand between her legs. She couldn’t believe she was being assaulted like this right in front of her mother.
Then she felt the cold blade slide up her back as it cut her blouse off. As she looked at her mother again for help, she wasn’t sure but she thought she saw her mother give the cop a knowing wink. 
“Ms Henson there will be another week added to your punishment. “ The cop said as he undid the cuffs
“You are now free to go.”
Maria with shaky legs opened her car door then slumped into the seat and closed the door. She sat there in tears then her mother said “What the hell was all that and what punishment?”
Through her sobs Maria explained that she got a DUI and had to spent a whole month bottomless but putting anything on was a violation of the punishment.


Bottomless Teacher pt3

“Ah somebody has been a really bad girl then.” Her mother said knowing full well what had happened since she got a call from Mr Jordan. What Maria didn’t know was her Mom, Mr Jordan and the cop that pulled her over went to school together in Buttzville.
Maria spent the rest of the night being ashamed, the whole nightmare of her thirteenth birthday played in head as well as the night’s assault. She sat naked on her couch and watched some TV with her Mom. 
“Mom I am going off to bed, see you in the morning.” Maria said
“Ok dear have a good night sleep.”
Maria lay in her bed thinking how today she was made to feel like a kid again and then finally drifted off to sleep. 
The alarm woke her up the next morning. She felt hitting the snooze button but she rubbed her eyes and reached over and turned it off. She still felt like she did yesterday as she made her way to the kitchen. She noticed her mother had already made breakfast. 
“Good morning dear did you have a good night sleep.”
Maria didn’t feel like talking much so she kind of mumbled a “Yes.”
She sat quietly eating her breakfast; she didn’t even look at her mother because of the shame of last night. She finished her breakfast and without a word walked up stairs to take a shower. She didn’t want to go to work today all she wanted to do was curl up in bed. The water was washing her tears away as the thought of this being the worst day of her life.
She stepped out of the shower and looked at herself in the mirror.
“Well Maria what have you done. You came here for a new life, now look you are being punished like a kid.” She said to herself
She forced herself to get ready but she couldn’t figure out what to wear and just then her mother came up to her room with a top for her to wear.
“Here you go dear. “Her mother said as she handed Maria the top
Maria put the tank top on but she noticed her Mom had made adjustments to it. The bottom of the top barely covered her breast and no more. What type of teacher teaches in nude was what she was thinking as her tits popped out of her top as she was putting on her sneakers.
“Oh great I have to fight with this shirt all day, I might as well not have it on. “Maria angrily mumbled to herself
She got in her car and slammed he car door shut and angrily drove to the school. Once she was there she quickly walked to her classroom passing Mr Jordan without giving him as much as a look.
She closed the door of her classroom to giver herself a bit of peace before the mad rush of students. She put her head in her hands to think and calm herself down because she knew she had a job to do.
When the bell rang she got up and opened the door and greeted her students as they came in. The class wasn’t as rowdy as before and they settled down quickly to do the work. Maria didn’t feel that sexy today to tease boys or feel comfortable being up at the blackboard like she did the day before.
“Hey teach why are you wearing that top if your tits keep popping out of it.” Mark the student who spoke up yesterday said.
He was right because she had that thought first thing this morning. She was writing on the blackboard and her shirt had ridden up exposing her tits.
She turned around to talk to Mark and didn’t even adjust her shirt back down.
“Yea you are right Mark. Why am I wearing this shirt?” Maria said as she took it off and threw it on her desk.
Maria was in such a mood that she didn’t care if she was naked so she got down to the business of teaching. When lunch time came she went outside to eat. She sat on a bench thinking of how her life got turned upside down.
“Hey Ms Henson can I sit beside you and have my lunch?” Sarah the half-naked girl said.
“Sure.” Maria said sadly
“Why are you so sad today?” Sarah said
Maria spilled her guts out to Sarah and told her what had happened even the time when her Mom stripped her at her own birthday party.
“I thought you like being naked, you did yesterday.’ Sarah said
“I don’t know anymore.” Maria said tearfully
“I will let you in on a little secret Mr Jordan is my father and he doesn’t know I like being naked.” 
Before Maria could process the information Sarah grabbed her hand and dragged her off to watch the boys play basketball. After a few minutes of watching them play Sarah went up to one of the boys and talked to him.
“Ok Ms Henson are you ready to play some basketball?” Sarah said with a smile
“Umm What”. Maria managed to say before Sarah dragged on to the court.
The boys had smiles a mile wide knowing that they might be playing hoops with their naked teacher.
Maria knew she had to get out of her bad mood for herself and more so for her students. So with the boys taunting her she agreed to play a game. It was a game of four on four with Maria and Sarah playing on opposite teams.
Maria found out quickly that when she had the ball the boy’s hands were all over her ass. Then she used her nudity as a distraction to go in for a lay-up. She knew full well that the boys were letting her score to get a good look at her plus her basketball skills sucked. The majority of the time the ball was passed to Maria or Sarah so the boys could get a feel of them which was fine with both girls.
Maria was actually having fun playing the game and it took her mind of what happened last night. She was kind of getting turned on with the boys touching her. When the game was over and Maria’s team won the boy’s on her team hugged her and squeezed her ass. 
Maria went over to Sarah and hugged her and thanked her for getting her out of her mood. The bell went off to signify that lunch was over so Maria went back to her classroom with renewed vigor and confidence. Now that she was going to spend the next six weeks or more bottomless or naked she was going to like it the way she did her first day and take a page out of Sarah’s book.
The rest of the day went in like a breeze and she enjoyed being on display to her students and other teachers. She was called to Mr Jordan’s office at the end of the day.
“What is it Mr Jordan?” Maria asked as soon as she stepped into his office.
“It is nice to see you Ms Henson.” Mr Jordan said with a wink. 
“I was just wondering Ms Henson if you could fill in for the track and field coach today?”
“Sure thing Mr Jordan.” Maria said with a smile.
“Great, then have a good time with the boys.”
Maria who was all excited got up to go to the gym. Mr Jordan couldn’t take his eyes off her awesome ass as she walked out of his office.
When Maria got to the gym she realized she had to go into the boy’s locker room. She was hesitant at first but she pushed on the door and walked in. She tried to hold her surprise to seeing the boy’s in various stages of undress.
“Ok boy’s it looks like I am going to going coaching you today.” Maria said loudly
Some of the boys were shocked and confused at being seen naked and seeing their naked teacher. So they hurried to get changed and ran out to the field to warm up. Maria chuckled to herself at how the boys reacted as she followed them out to the field.
Maria got the boys to jog around the track to warm up. She led the group around the track and she thought she overheard them talking about her ass. This was turning out to be a great day after all for Maria. Running which she loved to do but naked with a bunch of eighteen year old boys topped it off. 


Bottomless Teacher pt4

After a couple of hours of training they headed to the locker room. Maria was sweaty too and thought should she shower with the boys as well. As soon as she entered the locker room she took off her sneakers and grabbed a towel and went straight to the showers.
Some of the boys didn’t know what to do but they slowly made their way to the showers. Maria noticed some were trying to hide their erections which made her smile. She knew she was the center of attention and enjoyed every minute of teasing the boys.
Maria finished showering and quickly dried off and left the locker room. She was smiling as she walked back to her classroom to collect her purse and then go home. When she sat in her car she had the urge to masturbate but held off until she got home.
When she got home she remembered her Mom was staying with her for a while so she had to put off pleasuring herself until later. Her Mom asked her how her day was and as Maria was telling her Mom had a smile on her face the whole time.


After weeks of being half naked or completely naked it was time for Maria to be fully clothed. She enjoyed the experience of being able to walk about anywhere without any clothes on but now she had no excuse now.
It was strange for Maria on her first day back with clothes on and she saw the sad faces on the boys in her class. So after the first class she quickly went to the bathroom and took of her bra and panties. It felt so much better and she even undid a few buttons on her blouse to show off some cleavage.
Throughout the week her skirt got shorter and blouse more see thru much to the enjoyment of her students but also Mr Jordan. By the end of the day Friday Mr Jordan asked if she could coach the boy’s track and field team again. Maria jumped at the chance.
“All I have is my sneakers and no other clothes.” Maria said
“That’s fine you can do what you did last time.” Mr Jordan said with a wink.
As soon as he said that Maria stripped off in front of Mr Jordan and went and got her sneakers. Maria was elated to be naked in school again. As soon as she walked in the boy’s locker room there was a big cheer then they all rushed on to the field then Maria noticed Mr Jordan watching from the bleachers.
This was more of a turn on this time because she had chosen to be naked. After the practise she went up to Mr Jordan.
“So Mr Jordan, since I am not under punishment, are you wanting me naked all the time at school since you are allowing me to coach like this?” Maria said not knowing what to expect.
Mr Jordan thought for a moment then said “I would be lying if I said no but it seems you like to be naked now so it is up to you if you want. I can make it so you are able to do it full time.”
“Ok I will see you in your office after my shower.”
Maria went into the locker room and asked the boys if they wanted her naked all the time even for regular classes and they all said yes. She enjoyed her shower with the boys and she let one of them wash her back.
On the way to Mr Jordan’s office she couldn’t believe she was thinking of going naked full time. Almost two months ago she would never had dreamed of going naked at all because of her nightmare of a birthday party were her Mom forced her to strip.
“Alright then how are we going to do this?” Said Maria as she walked in the door then was shocked to see the police office that basically assaulted her when she violated her punishment.
“I know you know Sheriff Wilson he will be taking your picture and then putting a bracelet on you to identify you as a person who is allowed to go naked or bottomless anywhere permanently. Here is something for you to sign that you are doing this on your own accord.”
As Maria read though it quickly and signed it Sheriff Wilson came over and crimped on the bracelet.
“You Ms Henson are the first women to do this and with help from your Mom we will enjoy the pleasure of your lovely naked body.” Mr Jordan said with a smile
“My Mom what has she got to do with all this? Maria said 
“Your Mom, myself and Sheriff Wilson all went to school together here in Buttzville. When we heard you wanted to take the job as teacher at our school we knew you were the right person to try this experiment on. Our punishment for girls is for them to go bottomless and you have seen a few girls including my daughter but our aim was to get someone to go permanently bottomless.
Maria was in total shock and felt like she was played like a fiddle. 
“ your Mom told us about your birthday party were she stripped you in front of your friends but instead of running to your bedroom to hide you stayed and continued on with your party.”
“No my Mom forced me to stay naked at my party.” Maria said in anger
“No your Mom said as soon as she stripped you she walked away and you stayed and played with your friends. Your friends teased you a little and made you swirl around for a better look but that was about it, except at the end when they asked if you were going to be in your birthday suit for the next party.”
Maria began to doubt everything now. Maybe she did stay naked of her own accord at her party. Maria was now confused, she just begun to like being naked but felt the need to cover up. Now that she signed the paper and had the bracelet on she couldn’t back out of the deal even if she wanted to.
Maria thought back over her time bottomless or naked and basically they were all good times. Then thought there must be some part of her that wanted to get naked a long time ago but just needed a push to do so, then when her punishment was all done was happy to coach the track and field team naked again.
“I guess you know me better than I know myself.” Maria said after calming down and thinking about it.
“We wanted you to make your own decision and you did, so don’t think of this as another punishment you wanted to be bottomless or naked full time and now you can.” Mr Jordan said 
“Yeah you are right I did like the freedom to be naked without the threat of being arrested, so we are good then and I am back to work on Monday.”
“Yes that lovely ass is back here Monday.”
After all that Maria needed a drink so she went to the same bar as before and saw all her co-workers there having a few drinks. 
“Well guys it looks like I am going to be permanently naked from now on.” Maria said then gave a big “wooooohoooooo.”
They all had a great time drinking and Maria even danced on the table for them. 
Maria called for a taxi to get home and got the same guy again. She stumbled getting into the cab.
“Look at you all naked and having fun.” The taxi driver said
“You are going to see me naked all the time now.” Maria said as she spread her legs really wide for him to see.
“Lucky me, well this cab ride in on house.” 
“Thanks very much.” Maria kind of slurred while still sitting in a un- lady like manner
When she got home she stumbled out of the cab.
“I will see you naked tomorrow to pick up my car I mean ha ha I will be naked tomorrow, good night.”
“Ok see you tomorrow good night.” The taxi said as he stared at her ass.
The next morning Maria woke up with a hangover and made her way to the bathroom to have a shower. When she was done she got herself a cup of coffee and sat outside. She sat there thinking how her whole life has changed and the fact she will not be wear clothes again. She thought about the shower with the track team boys and had to put her coffee down. 
She felt the urge to masturbate so she closed her eyes and played with herself. Little did she know that her landlord was watching every minute of her pleasuring herself. As soon as she orgasmed she opened her eyes to see her landlord staring at her with a big grin.
“So did you enjoy the show?” Maria said with a coquettish smile
All the landlord did was cough and mumble a “Yes” then went back into his house.
Maria laughed at how he reacted and her own open display of sexuality.
…………………………………………………
Maria didn’t bother with tops and went totally naked all the time. She loved the freedom the sexuality and the attention she got from everyone. She also became full time coach of the boy’s track and field team and she regularly showered with them. She even let them wash every inch of her a few times to everyone’s pleasure. Sarah also asked her father to become permanently bottomless.
Thus ends the story of how the town with the weird name (Buttzville) got a naked teacher with a fantastic butt. 
