I, Sydel Lehtford, am a renowned mage. As such, I am well-acquainted with all sorts of magical creatures. Of course, this includes the dragon I had contracted as my familiar.
"Rikan."
My voice resounded over the mountainside where my mage's tower overlooked my picturesque domain. At the sound of his name, my familiar appeared by my side.
"You summoned?" Rikan asked in his deep, rumbling voice.
He had appeared in human form, as per usual. It was a common ability for familiars to be able to transform into humanoids to facilitate their service to their master. It could be quite inconvenient to summon a large familiar like Rikan indoors. He could easily knock over a whole shelf of expensive, exotic herbs with a nudge of his wings. (I may or may not be speaking from experience.) It also allowed them to act as an assistant to help take notes or even carry bags back from shopping.
Rikan's human form was something to behold. He was tall, taller than me or any human I had ever met. He lad long, black hair that trailed down past his waist and cascaded over the rippling muscles of his tan skin. Then, there were his piercing golden eyes. No, there were even more brilliant than gold. He found clothes uncomfortable, so he had on just enough to avoid being chased down by the guards in town. He wore only a black cloak the length of his body and loose pants that draped from a thick leather belt riding low on his waist. I wore the elegant (and quite comfortable) robes of my rightful position as a mage with pride. I had always been on the skinnier and fairer side, and standing next to Rikan only accentuated those features. It was difficult to imagine a way we could be more mismatched as master and familiar, but he didn't care about any of those differences. He was undyingly loyal, and I had always admired him for that.
"Could you switch over to your dragon form? I wanted to ride into town to pick up a few things."
"Of course," he replied simply and began to shift.
That transformation always captivated me. His rugged human form gradually shifted into a beautiful dragon with black scales that glistened in the amber light of dawn. I mounted him and his massive wings beat on either side of me, stirring up dust and rocks. We took off, and his flowing mane trailed along in the wind.
When we returned, I went to work reorganizing my shelves to make room for my recent purchases. It didn't take long, so I decided to take a walk to one of my favorite spots in my domain. Nearby my tower, past a garden of common herbs that I could grow in our climate, was a crystalline mountain spring that Rikan and I could use for bathing.
I quietly stepped down the path and peeked through the trees to see if he was there. As Rikan emerged from the spring, I watched the water dribble off the trunk between his legs. I worked my way up his rugged body with my eyes, following the streams of water flowing off him. He gathered his long hair in a bundle and clenched his fists over the length of it to ring it out. Each time he closed his fists, his forearms would flex. Watching his musculature shift with each minute movement was hypnotizing. He was stunning.
Only after he finished did he turn around and do a double-take in my direction. He had clearly seen me, so I didn't bother trying to duck behind a tree.
"Hey, Rikan." I awkwardly waved. "I was just passing by."
It wasn't a complete lie, but it felt like one. The spring was removed from the rest of my domain. No one ended up there unless it was deliberate. However, he didn't question me. Call it one of the perks of having an obedient familiar. I headed back to my tower, the image of his dripping body still fresh in my mind.
That image stayed there until night fell, and I was eager to put it to good use. I stripped off my robes and flung myself onto my bed, bouncing on the plush mattress. I slid open the lowest drawer on my bedside table and pulled out a bottle of homemade lube. I poured it into my hands, one each for the front and back.
This was far from the first time I had used Rikan as a source for my fantasies, so I was used to the sensation of my fingers inside me while imagining they were his. I would also imagine his hands roughly stroking my dick. I had practically trained myself to grow hard at his imaginary touch.
"Rikan," I moaned, curling my fingers against my prostate.
I suddenly felt Rikan's presence behind me and threw my head back.
"You su..." He began, partially materialized.
He trailed off as he finished materializing. He stood motionless, silently staring at my naked body. After the initial shock passed, he began to vanish again, deliberately looking away from me.
"Don't go!" I frantically commanded.
I could see Rikan's silent contemplation in his face. Ultimately, he stayed.
"Watch me."
I bent over on all fours, spreading my cheeks to put myself on full display for him. My heart was pounding in my chest. As much as I had fantasized about this moment -- about Rikan standing over me as I bore everything to him, the real thing was so much more exciting.
I worked my ass hard with my fingers, stretching it wide as I imagined him tearing his pants off right then and mounting me with that big and beautiful cock of his. I moaned his name over and over, not bothering to stifle a single sound that came out of me. I was so hard and stroking myself so furiously, so it was no surprise I came quickly and powerfully. I squirted into my hand, shaking as the sticky ropes coated my palm.
I peeked back at him, and my heart leaped. Rikan's hungry eyes were fixated on my puckering asshole. My eyes wandered down to the unmistakable, massive bulge testing the integrity of his pants.
"Did you enjoy the view?"
My voice seemed to snap him out of his daze. He met my eyes for a moment. Then his gaze began darting between my body and his dick. The previous hunger flickered between confusion and panic. He vanished without me even having time to dismiss him.
The next morning, during my usual rounds about the garden, I instinctively called for Rikan before thinking about how he would react.
"You summoned?" He appeared with a calm expression on his face, uttering his usual subservient line.
"Could you carry this basket to the storage room? The big one in the basement." I tried to mirror his attitude.
"Of course." And he did as I asked, efficiently and obediently as always.
Neither of us talked about what happened, but he had become cautious about avoiding another encounter. He had stopped bathing in the nearby spring and started appearing outside the door when I summoned him from my bedroom. I barely lasted a week before I felt starved of him. We were in my brewing lab when I decided to make a move. The last time had been an accident, but now I wanted to show him I wanted him.
"Rikan, could you grab the wolfbane extract from the top shelf?"
I quietly slipped around my desk. As he went to grab it, I reached around his waist and caressed his dick through his pants.
"Sydel--" He gasped and grabbed my hand. Hearing him say my name only turned me on more. He turned to me with a flustered expression I had only seen the night he watched me. "I can't. I can't touch you. I'm meant to serve you, nothing more."
"You don't have to touch me." I dropped to my knees and nuzzled his clothed dick, trailing the length of it with kisses. I could feel his dick twitch each time my lips made contact. I looked up at him, my face still buried in his crotch. "Just let me have you."
He gripped the side of the table but didn't push me away. His eyes were changing back to that hungry gaze. I pulled off his pants, and his cock slapped against his stomach. I licked all over his head as I stroked the length of his cock. I could feel him growing harder and harder in my hands. I could barely wrap my hands around him while he was soft, let alone when he was fully erect. I pulled my head away for a moment simply to admire it. He thrust into my hands as if telling me to start again. I was happy to oblige.
I started working my way down his shaft with my mouth until I had taken enough that there was only room left for one of my hands. My mouth was already full of his meat, but I hadn't taken it all yet. I bobbed my head up and down, compensating for what I couldn't take with my hand. But he wanted more.
I felt a hand grasp my hair, and he ungracefully rammed himself down my throat. I gagged as his massive cock forced its way deeper inside me. I struggled to breathe, but I never stopped moving my tongue. I wanted to taste all of him -- however I had to do it. Soon, he was shoving the entire length of it in and out of my head with each thrust.
I was so focused on sucking him, I had completely ignored my own dick dripping in my pants. As I watched his massive cock slip in and out of my lips and feel it stretch out my throat, I couldn't help myself. I slipped my pants down with my now free hands and began jerking myself off. My saliva and his precum slipping out of my mouth dribbled onto my dick, making it even wetter.
Rikan reeled his head back and growled. Fuck, that was hot. He shoved his entire cock down in me and held my face pressed tight against his crotch. I could smell the sweat on his skin. I felt his cum hit the back of my throat, and more and more of it kept coming. I swallowed as much as I could, but it overflowed back into my mouth. When he pulled out, his dick was coated in cum and saliva down to the root. Strands of cum connected my face to him as it bubbled over my lips.
Rikan effortlessly lifted me from my knees with one hand and grabbed the back of my head with the other. A forked tongue slithered out of his mouth and into mine, finding its way down my throat where his cock had been moments before.
He reached down and stole my dick out of my hands. It didn't take long for me to cream in his hand, and he kept stroking until I didn't have the strength left to keep myself upright. As I leaned against my desk for support, I watched him lick my cum off his hands. He curled each glob back into his mouth and slurped it down without any hesitation. He barely even left any space to breathe as he lapped it up. Was he seriously the same person who got flustered from me grazing his dick earlier?
When he saw me staring, he pulled me against him by the waist and thrust his fingers in my mouth. I licked the rest of my cum off his fingers, sucking them eagerly just as I had his cock. When they were clean, he released me and stepped back. He appeared to have calmed down, but he still struggled to form words. He seemingly gave up and clambered out of the room, leaving me to savor the mixture of salty flavors left in my mouth.
I decided to step away from Rikan, and his cock, for a while. We still had to live together and interact almost every day, and I didn't want him to hate me. Besides, I happened to have a large order of luck potions to distract me.
As I got ready for another hard day's work, I decided to go to the springs for a refreshing way to start the day. While I waltzed down the forested path, I heard a splash. I thought it sounded too controlled to be a random loose rock falling in, but it was too loud to be any animal around there. Sure enough, there were Rikan's sturdy shoulders and raven locks peeking over the bank of the springs. Rikan must have sensed me because he looked over right as I emerged from the trees.
He stared at me as I approached before finally saying, "Are you getting in as well?"
"Yeah," I mumbled.
I stripped down beside him and laid my clothes down next to his under a tree nearby. As I sank in beside him, I grazed his arm and he shivered. It was hard enough controlling myself already. We simply sat there in silence for a while. The tension between us had long passed palpable. When I glanced over, I saw him trying to hide his growing erection. Damn, the expectation was enough to turn him on like that?
Well, I was no better. I could feel my own dick twitching in the water as I glanced over at his naked body. I didn't outright grab him like last time, but I wanted to test the waters, so to speak. I went over to one of the small waterfalls nearby that flowed into the spring and began to wash myself. I ran my hands all over my body, moving down over my chest to my hips and ass.
I glanced over at Rikan. He was staring at me. He wasn't even trying to hide it.
I bent over to wash my legs, sticking my ass out towards him. I lingered over my ass for a while, rubbing each cheek and spreading them open to show my pink hole. I slipped a finger inside as I cleaned myself, loosening myself a bit (just in case).
I walked out of the spring right past him and crouched down to pick up my clothes, intentionally sticking my ass out. I heard the water slosh behind me as he exited the spring. The sound of dripping water approached me, and I saw his thick forearm lean against the trunk above. When I turned, I was perfectly at eye level with his stiff cock.
I smiled at him and gave him a kiss on his head. I began licking his shaft for a while just enough to get it slick. I walked around him, and he followed me with his eyes as I got down on my hands and knees and presented him my ass. He paused for a moment, but a moment was all it took before I felt his tongue lap at my awaiting hole. I pushed my ass against his face, and he took the hint to go deeper. He curled it further inside, twisting it in ways only his long tongue could do.
"Rikan, I want your cock," I begged, "Break me. Devour me."
He was as far gone as I was. He quickly obeyed my pleas, readjusting himself to level his cock with my ass. I spread my cheeks as he pressed inside. His bulbous head slipped in, and I puckered my hole around him. He moaned and grabbed my hips. He wasn't gentle, and I didn't want him to be. He was already thrusting in, and I felt his cock smear his saliva all over my insides.
He easily forced his way inside me with his strength, and I rocked my hips back into him. My hole was aching after just a few thrusts, but his cock was hitting places I had only dreamed of. I wanted him to stretch out my ass until only his massive cock rammed deep inside me could give me pleasure. I wanted him to ruin me until I could only cum by being fucked senseless every minute of the day. I wanted him. I wanted him. I wanted him.
He paused inside of me, and I desperately called his name. He didn't answer, but I could still hear his heavy breathing. I looked back at him and recalled a scene I was all too familiar with. His tan skin was developing patches of pitch-black scales. His hair was clinging to his back in a luxuriant mane. The beginning mounds of wings were sprouting from his back. He was transforming back into a dragon.
I felt his dick growing inside of me, stretching me out even further. Though, what shook me more than the girth was the impossible length. At first, I wasn't sure if it was really happening. Even before transforming, his dick already felt like it was fucking my throat through my ass. After the lengthening showed no signs of stopping after several inches, I started to believe it may be possible.
By the time he finally stopped the transformation, he had easily grown another foot inside of me. I felt the serpent slithering out. I couldn't even tell how much had left before his clawed hands latched onto my ass cheeks and he thrust the entire length back inside. A torrent of pleasure surged through me. I came instantly. Oh god. It was too much, but I didn't want it to end. I wanted him so, so badly.
He began pounding his massive cock in and out of me. There was so much force behind each thrust, I could barely keep my face from being rammed into the ground. I could feel my entire stomach move with each thrust. Fuck, I could see my stomach bulging to the rhythm of his pounding. I moaned and mewed his name, but it soon turned into wordless babble. I was drooling and panting like a wild beast as I was being taken like one. Orgasm after orgasm clawed through me as his gigantic cock reshaped my insides into his personal cock sleeve.
His claws dug into my hips and my ass slapped against his hard stomach. He held me in place, thoroughly impaled on his massive shaft, and let out a savage roar. I felt my stomach swell as waves of hot cum shot inside of me. I couldn't think clearly enough to tell how long it went on, but it seemed like several minutes. He remained firmly buried inside of me the entire time, and I had neither the strength nor desire to change that. He pumped it so deep inside of me, there was no way all that cum would ever leave me. My asshole would be drooling his cum for years from that one load alone.
He began pulling out of me, and it felt like he was dragging out my brain with his dick. My ass made a loud slurping noise as he slipped out of me. I heard another wet sound as he leaned over top of me and let his cum-slathered cock splatter onto my back. The heat and weight of it made me shiver down the entire length.
He reared back, leaving a wet trail down the span of my back. My asshole was gaping wider than I ever could have imagined. I wasn't eager to be empty again after being so completely filled. I could feel his intense gaze on me as if he were admiring his work. He held my hips up and began lapping at my hole with his rough tongue. I could feel his cum trickling further inside as he essentially held me upside down. All my walls were being painted white by his semen, and it felt so good. I gradually tightened again around his tongue, sealing his sea of cum inside of me.
After the whole ordeal, I realized I couldn't move my body. I expected as much after being ravaged by a dragon. I could feel my consciousness slipping, and the wonderful warmth in my stomach helped me drift off.
When I opened my eyes, I was instantly reminded of what happened by the intense soreness all over my aching body and the hot seed my insides were still steeped in. Feeling it slosh around inside of me was practically enough to make me cum again.
I looked to my bedside where a food tray sat, a note folded and tucked under the cloche. I grabbed the folded note and instantly recognized Rikan's uneven handwriting on the parchment.
"Please eat and take your time to recover -- Rikan," I read aloud.
I flipped it over, but that was it -- just a one-sentence note after what we did. He didn't even appear in front of me himself.
"Rikan," I called out to him.
He didn't appear. I tried again and kept going until I felt his presence behind me.
"Rikan, talk to me."
I turned to face him, but he rematerialized on the other side of the bed. Each time I tried to look at him, he would simply switch sides again. After a few tries, I finally managed to catch him by the arm to keep him from moving. He flinched at my touch.
"I'm sorry," he whimpered.
"I want you," I told him, looking him squarely in the eye. "I want you to take me again and again and again after that. I have for so long. I know you want me too."
I pulled him towards me, and he did little to resist. Our lips connected, and he growled as my tongue slipped inside his mouth.
"I do," he panted.
"Are you worried about hurting me?" I calmly asked.
The guilty expression on his face was enough of an answer for me.
"I'm fine," I reassured him, though my body wasn't totally in agreement. "You might actually break me if we do that every night, but I liked you using me. I really enjoyed it. Besides, I can use magic to recover more quickly than a normal person. So, please do it with me again."
He still seemed hesitant, but my sincerity got through to him. He nodded and embraced me, kissing my neck gently. I returned his embrace and buried myself in the warmth of his body wrapped around mine. As he gently caressed my hair, I whispered, "This isn't too bad either."