Rita's Awakening
by jamboman

Wife with a secret yields to husband's friend.

Rita is a stunning woman. That is something that everyone who knows her agrees upon. How could anyone not agree? She is 5 feet 8 inches tall, a blue-eyed blonde with long straight hair reaching down to her waist. She has the figure of a college cheerleader. It seems incredible that a woman with such a narrow waist could have such magnificent tits, a full 36C and as firm as a teenager’s. Her shapely ass and legs draw admiring stares from every red-blooded man who ever sees them. She did some modeling in her early twenties, and her bikini-clad picture appeared in a popular magazine. Many men have kept that picture of Rita, without their wife’s knowledge, and they have the picture carefully hidden, to be brought out by the men at very private moments, usually in the bathroom. Rita is a real head-turner as she strides elegantly down the main street of this mid-Western town, dressed for success as always, her magnificent ass swaying seductively.

Rita is married to Derek, and has been for about two years. Derek is the envy of every man who knows him and his wife. He is a very ordinary guy, nothing special to look at, and his buddies often wonder what it is about him that enabled him to land a hot-looking babe like Rita. Some guys wondered if Derek was hung like a stallion, but those who played softball with him, and had seen him undressed in the locker room, said that his cock was nothing special, and might even be a bit on the small side. Whatever it was that had attracted Rita to Derek, it was still present as Rita was strictly a one-guy woman.

Most of the guys had tried to make a move on Rita at sometime or another, usually at one of the large barbecues or corn-roasts held in the town. The beer and rye whiskey always flows freely at these events, and some guy or another, with more than a few shots of liquor in his belly, was always ready to try to sweet-talk Rita into a little frolic behind the nearest barn. But no one, ever, had gotten anything from these feeble attempts, anything other than the cold shoulder. As soon as Rita figured that the babbling fool in front of her was nothing but a would-be Romeo, she turned as cold as ice, and her blue eyes would blaze with fury. She would hiss threats about taking up the discussion with the fool’s wife or girlfriend, and that was usually enough to cool the hottest guy’s ardor. Very few guys had the nerve to try it twice. Rita earned the nickname “The Ice Queen” from her multitude of unsuccessful suitors. Guys could only fantasize about what Rita would be like in bed … and most of them did.

Leading the parade when it comes to Rita’s admirers, and would-be seducers, is Al Ross. Al is one of Derek’s oldest buddies, and has actually known Rita for longer than Derek has. He even dated Rita once but, despite his best efforts, got nothing more than a light peck on the cheek at the end of the night. She had left him with a massive erection that night, and he had had to jerk off as soon as he got home to give himself relief. Once Rita met Derek, it was all over for everybody else, including Al, but she was still his favorite fantasy. Al jerked himself off regularly, and Rita was always in his thoughts when he did so, imagining himself ramming into her elegant, naked body, spread-eagled on an imaginary bed, her long blonde hair spread out across the pillow. Al was always thinking of ways to try to get Rita into bed with him, so far with absolutely zero success.

Al would have jerked himself off even harder if he knew more about Rita, because Rita had a secret, a secret that even her husband didn’t know about.

Rita, the Ice Queen, was a borderline nymphomaniac!

Rita was obsessed with sex. She fucked her husband at least once every day, more often if she was feeling particularly aggressive. During the day, when Derek was at work and she was alone in the house, she would undress, lie down on top of the bed, and ferociously masturbate until she had multiple orgasms and had drained herself completely of sexual energy. But the energy would always quickly return and soon she would be looking for further release. Masturbating two or three times a day was not uncommon for her. Rita, too, had a fantasy, and when she masturbated it was always the same one. Rita would fantasy, as her fingers plunged in and out of her dripping cunt, that she was being gang-banged by every one of Derek’s friends. In her mind, her thrusting fingers became a succession of stiff cocks, as a long line of naked men, their erections jutting out in front of them, shuffled slowly toward her bed, waiting for their turn to lie down between her wide-spread legs.

The idea of a participating in a gang-bang fascinated and aroused Rita. She was certain that she would love to have, say, 10 guys take turns fucking her, filling her cunt with their cocks, then their cum. She was so certain that she would enjoy a gang-bang, that she was terrified about allowing even one other man to fuck her. She felt sure that, once she started, she would not be able to say “No” to anyone, and the floodgates would open. All those guys who had tried to get her into bed would never know how tempted she had been. If any of them had really persisted, she would probably have agreed to fuck him. But fear over her own reaction had always won over temptation, and she had scared them all off, every time.

Opportunity doesn’t knock on a person’s door every day, and when it knocked on Al Ross’s door, he decided to grab it with both hands. Certain circumstances had arisen, and Al felt that he was finally going to have a good chance of fucking Rita. As he drove towards Rita’s house one day, shortly after lunch, he smiled with anticipation and was so confident of success that he announced loudly to no one in particular, “Today, Rita, you are going to get fucked by yours truly.”

At the same time, Rita was just getting ready to go upstairs to her bedroom. She was feeling especially horny today and was really looking forward to a wonderful release through masturbation. Her menstrual period had finished just the previous evening, so she had not had sex and had not masturbated for about a week. As she thought about the exquisite pleasures she was about to enjoy, her heart beat faster and her cunt became wet with anticipation.

Then the doorbell rang. “Shit!” thought Rita, “Your timing is lousy, whoever you are.” She walked quickly to the door, anxious to get rid of the caller as quickly as possible. She had a date with her fingers in the bedroom, and she didn’t want to keep herself waiting! She opened the door, and there stood Al Ross, smiling pleasantly.

“Hi Rita” he announced cheerfully. “I was in the neighborhood and thought I would drop in for a visit. Have I come at a bad time?”

Your timing is the shits, thought Rita, but said aloud “Hi Al. Come in, it’s good to see you.”

As Al settled into a chair, Rita went into the kitchen and came back with a beer for him and a glass of wine for herself. They raised their glasses to each other in a silent toast, and both took a long sip of their drink. Al placed his glass on the table in front of him, and looked directly into Rita’s eyes. It was a warm day and she was wearing only tight shorts and a halter-top. She looked stunning. Al drew a deep breath.

“I’m going to come right to the point, Rita. I’ve loved you for a long time, I think you know that, and I want to know what it would take for you and I to become lovers?”

“Oh Al,” sighed Rita, “not that again. You’ve talked to me about this before, and my answer now is the same as always. The answer is ‘No’. I’m not interested in having sex with you, or anyone else except my husband. I’d throw you out of the house right now, if it wasn’t for the fact that you’ve been a good friend for a long time.” God, if you only knew what I really want to say, thought Rita. Of all Derek’s friends, Al Ross was the one she liked the most, and he was always the first man to penetrate her during her fantasy gang-bang. She had wanted him to fuck her at the end of their date, over three years ago, but she didn’t have know how to make the first move without appearing like a slut. With pounding heart, she realized that in her high state of sexual arousal today, she desperately wanted him to fuck her now, but the old fear about losing control of herself made her hesitate.

Al was ready with his answer. He reached into his pocket and took out an envelope. In the envelope was a thick wad of bills. “There’s $5,000 here, and I want you to have it. If you let me make love to you, the money is yours, and I promise that I will never tell anyone about us for as long as I live.” Al reached over and gently placed his hands on her knees. The touch of his hands sent a small charge through Rita’s body. “Please say ‘Yes’ Rita, you’ll make me the happiest man alive.”

Rita looked down at the money silently. She picked up the envelope and felt the nice heft to the wad. The bills were all brand new fifties, and she assumed that there were 100 of them. The extra money would be nice, and it would come in very handy. It was also a good excuse for her to say yes to Al, without revealing her real emotions. The truth was, she wanted to fuck him, and she needed to fuck him, in the worst way. Her pussy was getting wetter from the mere discussion about sex. Fingers are great, she concluded, but there is nothing to compare to a stiff cock. And she desperately needed a stiff cock right now. Her pussy twitched. She reached her decision.

She stood up and held out her hand to Al. “All right Al, I agree. But if you ever breathe a word of this to anyone, I’ll tear out your heart with my bare hands.”

“Great!” Al said in delight as he stood beside her and took her offered hand. “I’ve given you my word, and I’ll keep it.”

Upstairs in the bedroom, Rita and Al hastily pulled off each other’s clothes, and Rita stretched out on the bed like a cat. Her blonde hair spread out on the pillow, just as Al had often fantasized. In her nakedness, she was breathtakingly beautiful and for a second Al thought he was going to cum right then. Her tight breasts pointed straight up, and the nipples were already erect. She spread her legs invitingly, just a few inches. When Al saw the moisture glistening in the hair at the top of her legs he realized that Rita was highly aroused and he lay down on the bed beside her.

Rita lowered her eyes and gazed at his stiff cock.

“Let’s make the first fuck a quickie, then we can take our time for the rest of the afternoon,” she whispered.

“Great idea, baby.” Al growled, and put both hands on the inside of her thighs and pushed them wide apart. He swung himself over her slender body, and positioned himself with his cock pointing directly at her wet pussy. She reached down between her legs with both hands and pulled her pussy lips apart, revealing a wide-open, dripping entrance to her cunt. He pushed his hips forward quickly, and his entire cock slid into her warmth without the slightest resistance.

A long hiss escaped through Rita’s clenched teeth as she felt his hardness plunge deep into her body. She removed her hands from her pussy, and clamped them onto Al’s buttocks. She dug her long fingernails hard into his flesh and pulled him toward her. Al gasped with pain, but thrust his hips against the spread-eagled woman, driving his cock as deep into her body as possible. Neither of them could contain their arousal any longer, and Rita’s cunt muscles tightened as the orgasm that had been building for the past half-hour exploded through her. Al’s fantasies had come true. The most beautiful woman he had ever met was writhing and gasping in orgasmic pleasure under him, with his cock buried in her glorious body, and an orgasm roared over him as well. His throbbing cock squirted thick gobs of cum inside Rita’s receptive hole. The two gasping lovers thrust their bodies against each other furiously.

It was two or three minutes before they recovered enough to even speak.

“Well, Al Ross,” said Rita, with a sly smile, “you’re full of surprises. I reckon that was certainly worth $1,000. Only four more thousand to go, huh?”

Guilt crept into Al’s mind. “Look, Rita, I’m sorry about the money. I think I’ve made a huge mistake.”

“No mistake, lover. A deal’s a deal, and I’m going make sure you get your money’s worth.” Rita playfully pushed Al over onto his back. “Now, more action and less talk.”

As Al lay back on the bed, the sheets already damp from Rita’s sweating body, the blonde woman turned herself around so that her feet were near Al’s head. She then swung her legs over top of the prostrate man and put herself into the classic ‘69’ position, her thighs straddling his face. He could feel her long blonde hair cascading over his naked thighs. She took his limp cock in her hand and looked back at him briefly.

“Let’s see if your tongue can do what your cock just did. I want you to make me cum again.” It sounded more like an order than a request. Her pale, round buttocks were only inches away from his face. He could plainly see her tight butt-hole, nestled between the cheeks, a slight trace of blonde hair surrounding it. Even closer to his mouth was her open pussy, red and puffy from the fierce fucking, dripping with her own juices and Al’s cum. The blonde hair surrounding the pussy was thick and wiry, wet with sweat.

Al pulled a pillow up under his head to stop his neck from getting sore, and just as he gave Rita’s pussy a first tentative lick, he felt his cock engulfed in the wet warmth of her mouth. In response, he licked her clit, and sucked the little nub into his mouth, pulling on it with his lips. She grunted and pushed her ass back against his face, burying his nose between her cheeks. He sucked harder on the clit and pushed his tongue into the sopping cunt. He brought both his arms from his side, and wrapped them around her hips. He pulled her pussy even harder against his face, at the same time bringing one of his hands around to let the fingers probe between her butt cheeks. The index finger probed her tight, puckered hole, and he felt Rita’s body twitch. Her hips did small circles on his face, and her ass pushed back gently against his finger. He brought the finger down quickly, and slipped it past his mouth and into her wet cunt. He felt her twitch again. He withdrew the now moistened finger, and returned it to the entrance to her butt. She clearly could feel what he was doing, and pushed back a little harder. He knew what she wanted, so he probed gently with his moist fingertip, and it slipped easily past her sphincter muscle, and into her ass.

Rita grunted again and began moving her hips in a riding motion. With amazement, Al realized that she was on the verge of another orgasm already. He worked his lips and tongue against her cunt and pussy as hard as he could, and pushed the finger into her butt up to the first knuckle. With his free hand, he reached between their bodies, found one of her breasts, and rolled the nipple hard between his thumb and finger. She gave a muffled croak and began crushing her pussy against his face, riding it hard, so that Al could scarcely breathe. Simultaneously, she sucked fiercely on his cock, which had once again stiffened. Fluid gushed from her body, onto his face and into his mouth, a mixture of her own juices and his. Another orgasm powered over him, making him buck his hips hard upwards, shoving his cock into Rita’s mouth. She sucked the cum from his body, swallowing it greedily.

After their writhing bodies had become still, Rita rolled off Al and lay beside him, her head on his shoulder, her hand stroking his chest. It had been the best sex, and the most powerful orgasms, she had ever experienced, and she was feeling very loving and tender toward her old boyfriend.

“Wow!” she finally muttered quietly. “If I had known you had this kind of talent, I might have married you instead of Derek.”

“Thanks, but Derek’s a good man, and it’s all water under the bridge now,” replied Al. “Besides, I think if I tried this too often I’d die of a heart attack. You’re pretty talented yourself.”

She reached down and took his limp cock into her hand. She began to stroke it gently.

“Your cock felt really good when it was inside me. You’re only the second man I’ve ever fucked, and it was exciting to have a different cock inside me for a change. I’ve sometimes wondered what my old boyfriend, Al Ross, would be like in bed, what it would feel like to have him fuck me. Now I don’t have to wonder any more … you feel great. Speaking of which, we’re wasting time. I want your cock inside me again, and it feels like it’s rising to the occasion.”

Sure enough, my cock was stiffening again. The combination of her hands and her conversation had worked magic. Al was beginning to feel physically drained, but his cock was telling him that it was ready for yet another round. Rita reached into a bedside drawer and pulled out a tube of lubricating gel. She then positioned herself on her knees and elbows, her firm and curvy ass pointing invitingly upwards. Al wondered what had happened to “The Ice Queen”. There was nothing frigid about Rita … she was hot enough to bake bread!

Rita turned her head around to look at him, and waved the tube of gel in her hand.

“You might be needing this,” she smiled and winked.

Al got onto his knees behind Rita and spread her legs apart. Her ass and pussy were wide open and completely vulnerable. Moisture was still oozing slowly from her well-fucked hole. Miraculously, his cock had stiffened up yet again. He was amazed at himself, and assumed that he was getting additional inspiration from this beautiful woman, who was beginning to seem sexually insatiable. His cock slid easily into her again, and he began to fuck her rhythmically as she arched her back, tightening the grip of her cunt on his cock. Her body moved back and forward, keeping time with his thrusts. He knew that this was going to be a long fuck, as he felt that he would be unable to come again. He had already deposited two steaming loads of cum into Rita, and the last time, he felt like she had sucked him dry.

Al settled into an easy fucking routine. His glistening cock slid in and out, in and out, in and out as the minutes ticked by. The only sound in the room was the slap, slap, slap of his thighs on her buttocks. To change the pace, he hunched his body over the sweating woman, and reached under her with both hands. With his right hand he found her clit, and begun to pull on it gently. His left hand found her breast, and he pulled hard on the nipple. Rita broke the long silence.

“Fuck me, Al. Fuck me hard.” She began to push back against him more urgently. Al was still not ready to cum, but he knew that the “Ice Queen” was on the brink once more. He increased the pressure on the clit and the nipple, pulling and twisting so hard he felt sure that he was hurting her. Rita pushed herself up off her elbows, onto her hands. She let out a strange cry, half sob half grunt, and rammed her ass hard back against Al’s thighs, and another climax surged through her arching body. She pounded against Al for a minute or so, then grabbed the tube of gel, flipping it back towards Al.

“Fuck me in the ass, quick!’ she gasped between lunges. Breaking his rhythm slightly, Al picked up the gel and squirted a generous amount onto Rita’s tight, puckered butt-hole. He hadn’t come yet, so his cock was still stiff as he pulled it from Rita’s sopping cunt. He pulled her hips down slightly to improve the angle, put the tip of his cock right against the greased-up hole, and pushed forward firmly. His cock slid in two or three inches as another hiss escaped through the woman’s clenched teeth.

“Deeper. Fuck me deeper,” she gasped and she pushed herself back against him. Al pushed forward as hard as he could and the remaining part of his cock disappeared into the stretched open hole, gel oozing out around his shaft. Their bodies were almost motionless as he reached under her again and began to rub her clit furiously. With his left hand he grabbed a handful of her long blonde hair, and pulled her head backwards, just as he began his fucking rhythm once more. Her ass was the tightest sensation he had ever felt, and he quickly came inside her, as she bucked and whimpered in a glorious mixture of ecstasy and pain, which drove her to her biggest orgasm yet. Tears ran down her cheeks and splashed onto the bed sheets as she and her lover rocked against each other, both overcome with desire.

The exhausted lovers lay for a long time afterwards, too shattered to move or to speak. Eventually they both quietly got dressed, and Al prepared to leave.

“Rita, I need to explain about the money,” he began. Rita put a finger to his lips, shushing him.

“It’s been a wonderful afternoon, let’s not spoil it by talking about money. We’ll get together again soon. But I’m warning you, I expect you to be as good in bed next time as you were today.” She felt satisfied and complete, something she had never felt before. Today’s sex had been the best she had ever experienced. She knew that the two men in her life, Derek and now Al, would keep her sexually satisfied, and her fears of becoming sexually uncontrollable were gone forever. She felt good.

Rita busied herself removing all traces of Al’s visit. She hid the envelope of money, put fresh sheets on the bed, and opened the windows to allow fresh air to blow away the heavy smell of sweat, sex, and cum. Finally she had a shower, and was looking fresh and radiant when Derek arrived home from work.

After the usual greetings, Derek settled back into his favorite chair with a glass of Scotch. He looked around the room.

“Did Al Ross drop in to see you today, Honey?” he asked. Rita was stunned at the question, and felt her face flush a little.

“W-who? Al Ross, did you say?” she stammered.

“Yeah, Al Ross, for Pete’s sake. What’s the matter with you? Did he drop in to see you today?” asked Derek again, a little impatiently.

“No, he didn’t. Why would he? I haven’t seen Al for months.” Rita was panic-stricken.

“That son-of-a-bitch.” muttered Derek in exasperation. “Before we were married, I lent him some money. I’ve been bugging him to pay me back. He told me that he would drop in this afternoon and give you the $5000 he owes me.”
