Author reserves all copyrights.  No part of this story may appear in any
form at any operation which requires payment to access it.



   THE ENCLAVE

   Part Five

   Out on the front porch, Danny sniffled and tested his bonds.  The
morning found women, girls and a few boys, silent and obedient, leaving
thier cabins.  He turned his back to the little street in an effort to hide
as much of his nakedness as he could.  Then he heard the sound of footsteps
coming up the walk.  A woman stepped up on the porch with two little girls,
about 6 and 8 and a robed boy of about 14.  Again, he turned away,
preferring now to show his profile to the street.

   The woman knocked on the door and Ann came out to speak with her.

   They exchanged greetings, and the woman asked if Missy would mind
watching her girls for an hour or so while she took care of some business.
As the women talked, and Missy came to the door, the little girls began to
move in front of Danny.  Again he tried to turn, but the motion began to
tighten the lead around his neck and make things uncomfortable and
difficult.  No matter how far he swiveled, the little girls followed him.
How badly he wanted to yell at them to get lost!  He began to fidget,
straining at his bonds, beginning to choke from the exertion.

   Ann stepped out of the doorway and took him by the shoulders.  She
turned him to a less precarious angle and told him to stand still.  The
little girls looked him over.  He expected to find either pity or horror or
even ridicule in thier faces, but they just stared at him impassively as if
he were a bug or something else of momentary interest.  He looked up over
at the boy, searching for some glance that would let him know his
predicament was understood, but the boy paid little attention to him.

   The woman, Ann and Missy concluded thier talk and parted ways, leaving
the little girls to play on the porch and the steps.  Oddly, Danny's
embarrassment only grew with the departure of the grownups.  As the girls
played, they continued to occasionally look him over.  New people were a
bit of a curiosity to them, but Danny didn't really understand the
nonchalance which they exhibited seeing him naked and bound.

   Inside, the four girls, dressed and excited, told thier mothers they
were headed to the stables, the came out onto the porch.  Again, Danny
tried to turn away.  Missy went back into the cabin as the other girls
chatted and the new girls met the two little ones.  She returned with two
lengths of nylon rope.  With Danny furious, but keeping silent, she tied
one end of each to his elbows, then turned him to face the street and tied
the other ends to the porch railing to keep him in place.

   Kim watched fascinated, but Dee lost interest more quickly and struck up
with the two girls closer to her age.  Without warning, the older of the
new girls stepped forward to test the knots, then silently put her hand on
Danny's belly.  He winced at the contact and tried to back away, but he
couldn't move far enough.  Again, without saying a word, the older girl
slid her hand down to his privates and lifted his flaccid little penis with
her thumb and forefinger.  Danny gasped, shivering all over.  She began to
waggle the limp little thing, and despite his supreme humiliation, it began
to rise.

   The girl released it and briefly fondled his immature little nutsack as
his little spike lifted skyward.  "There.  That's better." she said.

   Kim was awestruck.  Danny was blushing hard and sweating, trying to hide
but unable to move that far.  Dee was halfway down the walk with the other
girls as if she had missed the entire show.

   Again, without warning, Missy slapped him hard on his little naked ass.
It made him angry, of course, but all he managed was a few tears.

   Then the six of them were gone.

   Inside, Andy poured the women some more coffee, then returned to his
seat.

   Ann spoke, "Andy, get the muffs, sweetheart."

   Andy went to the cupboard and pulled out a pair of noise-cancelling
headphones and put them on.  Ruth looked over at Ann inquisitively, and Ann
explained, "Somethings aren't meant for little boys' ears."

   Ruth smiled.

   Ann continued, "I've been thinking.  What would you say to getting Missy
involved in your boy's training?"

   "I don't know."

   "I've seen them together.  She's the one he seems to have the most
trouble with, so it might be good for him if we gave her more
responsibility."

   "Yes...I can see that."

   "To be honest, it might be good for her too.  Andy is almost always so
well-behaved, it's not much of a 'challenge' for her.  I think it would be
good for her to get some experience.  She is becoming a young woman."

   "It might be helpful to me too." Ruth added.  "There's something very
natural about Missy and I think I could learn a lot just experiencing that
with her."

   "Good point."

   "I mean...learning the rules and techniques is one thing, but developing
the attitude is something else.  I've seen that with you, but I think
working with Missy might give me a more realistic 'model' to follow.  We
are both beginners, in a way."

   "OK...looks like it's settled.  Should we start tonight?"

   "Fine with me." Ruth smiled.

   Ann rose and stepped behind Andy, lifting off his 'muffs' and tousling
his long hair.  "Go draw a bath, sweetie." Andy smiled, rose and stepped
outside to the jaccuzzi just outside the kitchen door and to the right,
opposite the shower.

   "Time for some pampering, I think." Ann smiled.

   Andy had filled the tub, removing a few leaves and insects that had
fallen in overnight.  He was stirring in a little all-natural soap when the
women stepped outside.

   "One of life's more pleasnat perks." She smiled as she dropped her robe
and stepped naked into the bath.  "Come on in...the water is delightful."

   With a bit of shyness, Ann removed her robe, slid out of her panites and
joined Ann in the tub, facing her.  The water was indeed delightful, just
the right temperature to cool the limbs without being jarring.  Seated
upright, the tub-water rose to the bottom of her rib-cage, allowing her
modest breasts to be bouyed in the bubbles.  Following Ruth's lead, she
began to caress herself, smoothing away the sweat and worry of her long
voyage.

   "I've been neglecting my pet lately, haven't I?" Ann spoke to Andy.  He
smiled, standing outside the bath.  "Come on in, baby." she cooed
playfully.

   Ruth watched with a delicious mixture of embarassment, curiosity, and
appreciation as the boy removed his robe.  At twelve, he was in the full
beauty of late boyhood.  A beautiful child by any accounts, his smile and
eagerness were at the most appealing Ruth had seen in him.  His long brown
hair brushing his shoulders and swinging freely as he stepped gingerly into
the water.  Ann took him by his slender hips and turned him to face Ruth.
Ruth couldn't contain herself and stared openly at his hairless little
prick which was quickly rising to a slightly chubby 4-inches.

   Ann coaxed him down into the water and settled him between her legs,
facing away and towards Ruth.  A wave of shyness came over him, but
evaporated quickly as Ruth smiled at him.  Seperated by just a few feet,
Ruth watched as Ann began to soap and wash his back and neck.  Feeling once
again serene and comfortable, Ruth resumed her bath.

   Ann's hands snaked around Andy's more submerged torso and tickled him
lightly.  He giggled, his voice still high and unchanged.  She slid her
hands to his slender chest and toyed with his tiny brown nipples.  Andy
sighed and leaned back fully onto his mother's ample breasts.  Ruth watched
with growing excitement as Ann's hands slid lower down his flat belly and
out of view under the bubbles.  Clearly, though, she was toying with his
little pricklet and Andy closed his eyes and sunk deeply into the pleasure.

   Ann smiled at Ruth, the said, "Give him a foot.  He gives a wonderful
massage." Ruth hesitated, then presented a foot to Andy.  At once, his face
took on visage of mission as he took it in his little hands and massaged.
It was Ruth's turn to sink deeply into the pleasure.  Satisfied, she smiled
at him and more blodly offered her other foot.  He atteneded to it with the
same determination.  Ann's one hand continued to bathe him, while the other
continued, hidden from view, to play lightly in his lap.

   Again satisfied, Ruth withdrew her other foot and said softly, "Thank
you, Andy.  That was very nice."

   Ann spoke softly to her beaming boy, but as much to Ruth as to him,
"Maybe Misteress Ruth would like to say thank you in a nicer way." She
helped the suddenly awkward boy onto his knees between the two, still
facing Ruth.  The bubbles had parted enough for Ruth to see his boyhood
standing stiff and rampant, bobbing slightly with each heartbeat at a high
angle against his bubble-streaked flat belly.  Not two feet away, he knelt
quietly and meekly, smiling slightly.

   "Go ahead, Ruth.  I know you want to." Ann whispered.

   Ruth looked past him briefly, seeing only encouragement and permission
in Ann's eyes.  She placed the fingertips of both hands near his perfect
little belly-button, then traced her way to his hairless pubes, before
taking the excited little tool lightly in her fingers.  She was surprised
at how stiff and strong the little thing was, and slowly began to tease it
back and forth.  One hand found it's way to his hip, and the other began to
stroke the perfect little offering slowly.

   Ann leaned over and pulled a valve.  The water began to slowly recede,
revealing more and more of the boy's proud, upturned little wand.  Ann's
hands found his buttocks and she kneaded them gently, pushing him further
towards Ruth's exploring fingers.  As the water-level fell, Ann slipped a
nahd between his legs, lifting and fondling his silky sack, rolling his
robin's-egg little balls in her finers until they rose close and tight to
the base of his little rod.  Her other hand reached deeply between his
buttocks and Ruth could see her middle finger obviously easily worming it's
way up his anus.  Andy reacted with a pleased little gasp.  He began to
move against Ruth's fingers, more and more lost in pleasure.

   Ruth had never witnessed anything quite so beautiful as this young boy
straining for climax.  Her husband had always liked sex rough and, too
often, quick and unsatisfying to her.  She'd given hand-jobs before, of
course, but she'd never seen a boy so young in such a state of arousal. 
Something like love filled her heart.  She remembered his kindness, his
gentleness, and his...yes...obedience since she'd arrived and she felt
happy to reward him, as he knelt there with his mother's finger up his bum,
happy and undemanding.  She picked up the pace of her gentle stroking,
glancing between his face, and his mother's hands busy in his ass and on
his balls.

   With love, came sexual desire.  She let years of conditioning and guilt
peel back, at least a bit, and felt a deep pang of sexual longing.  The
fact that the object of her lust was only twelve-years-old and the son of
her best friend began to seem unimportant.  She wasn't able to abandon
herself completely...not just yet...but she found herself happy and content
and increasingly horny.

   As the last of the water drained from the tub, young Andy's legs began
to twitch.  Ruth looked at his face and watched as, his eyes closed, his
face glowing and contorted, he opened his mouth and let out a long
'ahhhggg'.  Several spasms hit his body, starting in his pelvic region and
spreading to his extremities before he slumped forward, resting his head on
her shoulder.  She stroked his damp hair as she released his little wand.
There was no semen, just a slight moistening at the tip of his rosy glans,
but other than that it had been a completely dry event.  Ann withdrew her
fingers and Andy slumped back against his mother.  Ruth marvelled at the
sight, and the insight.  How like a woman he was, orgasming.

   The three stepped out of the tub and went into the shower to rinse. 
Ruth noted that, while no longer primally stiff and up-thrust, Andy's penis
never really went completely flaccid, but bobbled in varying stages of
semi-erection.  They rinsed each other, all giggling and enjoying the cool
water.

   The three of them went to Ann's room to dress.  Andy put on a fresh robe
and the two women dressed quickly and simply.  Andy was a joy, helping the
women into thier shoes and fussing over them.  His demeanor towards Ruth
had changed.  Before, he had been polite, but a little distant.  Now he
seemed to genuinely like her.

   Ann noticed, and before they left the bedroom said, "Mistress Ruth is
very nice, isn't she?" Andy smiled and said, "Yes, Ma'am."
   
