Part 10

Vin’s eyes remained closed as he shifted slightly and then stilled, sprawled comfortably in Chris’ bed and relaxing with a low hum. He was feeling that kind of pleasant exhausted that only came from getting laid really well, and he figured he had earned every bit of it and then some. He almost snickered at that thought but didn’t bother opening his eyes or even moving as he debated getting up to go get the quilt Chris had thrown in the floor, sure that he’d want it before long. The fire in the stove had gone down to coals even before they made it into bed, and it was cooling off rapidly in the cabin.

Vin felt a brush of fingertips against his forehead and then Chris’ fingers slid into his hair. Vin opened his eyes and turned his head to look at Chris with a smile. “Hmm?”

Chris was propped up on one elbow, his expression gentle as he looked into Vin’s eyes, slowly running his fingers through Vin’s tangled hair. The lamp on the table in the next room was still lit, more because they hadn’t bothered to put it out than because they particularly needed it, and in the soft light that came through the open door Chris’ eyes sparkled green, even though they were usually closer to grey. Of course, Vin hadn’t had any other occasions to see them by lamplight in that particular situation, so he couldn’t really say what was normal for it. For all he knew they might always shift to the dark green of pin oak leaves in late summer when Chris had just gotten laid for the second time in as many hours.

“You look pleased with yourself,” Chris murmured after a moment, lips curving into a smile.

Vin smiled wider and rolled towards Chris, his hands settling against Chris’ chest. “Got reason to. I’m feelin’ pretty good.”

Chris gently loosened a tangle that had gotten wrapped around one of his fingers as he teased softly, “You are, hmm? I must be learnin’ pretty fast, then.”

Vin grinned and leaned closer as he purred, “What you don’t know, we can do without.” He kissed Chris then, soft and lingering without really asking for more until Chris’ fingers tightened in his hair.

Vin smiled into the kiss and let Chris take control as his hands slid slowly over Chris’ chest, and it didn’t surprise him at all when Chris pushed him to his back to lean over him as Chris deepened the kiss. Chris didn’t have a submissive bone in his body and automatically assumed control of just about everything they did together, but Vin knew it wasn’t so much about taking what he wanted as taking care of who he wanted. Chris seemed to get as much enjoyment from giving pleasure as he did from actual sex, and kept surprising Vin with his willingness to adapt to being with another man and still give at least as much as he got. He had plenty of knowledge to fall back on of things women had done to him that he enjoyed, and he wasn’t at all shy about trying them on Vin just to see what his reaction would be.

Vin had needled Chris a few times about wanting to be the one doing the fucking sooner or later, but he did it more to tease Chris about his hang-ups over the idea than because he really wanted more than Chris was freely giving him. It didn’t bother him that Chris just wasn’t comfortable with giving up as much control as he would have to if he were to let Vin fuck him. The kind of man Vin was drawn to usually hadn’t been the type to like being fucked, or admit to it at least, so it worked out well that Vin’s preferences ran just the opposite.

Chris ended the kiss after several minutes, smirking down at Vin and breathing just a bit fast. Most of his weight was resting on one elbow while the fingers of his other hand were still tangled in Vin’s hair, his thumb stroking Vin’s temple slowly. “Much as I’d like to keep going from here, we’ve got to sleep sometime.”

Vin chuckled softly and slid his hands up Chris’ chest to loop his arms around Chris’ neck, smiling and feeling just about as happy as he could ever remember being. He raised one leg to hook it around behind Chris’ thigh, hips lifting to rub up against Chris’ renewing erection as he teased, “Not feelin’ sleepy to me, cowboy.”

Chris laughed softly. “Yeah, well, some parts are more tired than others.” He kissed Vin again, slow and sweet, and then smiled as he murmured, “Can’t help wantin’ you.” His smile widened into a grin. “I know, ‘cause I've spent more than a year tryin’.”

Vin laughed and let his leg fall back to the bed, feeling pleased and just a bit smug. He took it as a compliment that they had already spent hours having sex and all it had taken was a little kissing to put Chris well on the way towards another round. Vin’s cock was taking an interest too, of course, but Vin figured that didn’t count so much. Just touching Chris was enough to make him hard, whether he’d just gotten laid or not. “I’ll take that excuse.”

Chris snickered and spent a moment getting his fingers free of Vin’s tangled hair again, then pushed away and stood. “You’d better, if you know what’s good for you.”

Vin rolled to his side and propped his elbow on the bed, resting his temple on his fist and smirking as he watched Chris walk around the bed and cross the room to where the quilt had landed near the door. Chris was just as unselfconscious about being naked at home as he was in the bathhouse, and Vin was enjoying the view. It might not have been Chris’ body that first drew Vin to him, but he still figured Chris didn’t have anything to be ashamed of. Vin liked looking at him and enjoyed the way Chris’ muscles flexed as he moved almost as much as he enjoyed the simple fact Chris knew he was watching and liked the idea.

“Right now I’m thinkin’ you’re pretty good for me,” Vin said after a moment, still watching with a smirk.

Chris bent to pick up the quilt and then turned to look at Vin, grinning as he wadded the quilt up into a compact bundle. “That goes both ways.” He threw the quilt at Vin, aiming straight for his head, and then headed for the table in the other room to put out the lamp.

Vin batted the quilt away to keep from being hit in the face, laughing, then sat up and untangled it as he teased, “Kind of like you do.”

Chris didn’t answer, just smirking at Vin and blowing out the lamp. He padded back across the room in the dark and climbed up on the bed, pushing Vin back to lay under him again and looking down into Vin’s eyes in the dim moonlight coming in the window. “I got no intention to chase any more skirts,” he said with a little smile, “not when I’ve got you right here.” He kissed Vin softly and then pulled away, pulling the quilt over them both and then settling down on his back to go to sleep.

Vin just watched Chris in the dark for a moment to be sure he was comfortable before he moved closer, settling down against Chris’ side with one hand on Chris’ belly and his head on Chris’ shoulder. Vin never would have expected it of Chris until he learned it for himself the night before, but Chris was prone to latch on before he fell asleep and hold him through the night. It hadn’t taken Vin long at all to realize how much he liked it, or how relaxed and safe he felt when Chris held him. He had slept better in Chris' arms than he had in years, and he was pretty sure it wasn’t because of the featherbed.

Chris moved his hand to stroke Vin's hair, and then Vin felt Chris’ breath against his forehead and Chris kissed just below his hairline.

Vin tightened his arm around Chris’ waist for a moment, smiling softly as he decided this was what folks were talking about when they talked about being in love. He could see himself living happy the rest of his life just as he had the last two days, riding by day with the one man who knew him almost as well as he knew himself, and by night sleeping in that same man’s bed. He had thought he had a chance at something similar once years ago, but that self-delusion hadn’t lasted long. Laughing Bear had cared for Vin deeply, but he had never intended for their relationship to be anything more than a convenient arrangement between two warriors who were often far from camp.

Vin had never really looked for another relationship after Peso had killed Laughing Bear, instead actively avoiding the whole idea and becoming nearly celibate. He had wished he weren’t so much alone on the rare occasion when he let himself think about the subject, but he figured it was just asking for too much to want to find love, friendship, and sex all with just one man. He had taught himself not to need anyone else to keep his sanity, but he had never quite lost the hope even though he had accepted it wasn’t going to happen.

Now it had, and he never wanted it to end.

Years of choosing to ride and sleep alone hadn’t seemed so bad at the time, but after the last few days he couldn’t imagine living like that again. His life before he knew Chris seemed terribly lonely when he looked back on it, and he didn’t need Chris to say the words for him to know that Chris felt the same way.

~*~*~*~

Chris’ nose twitched and he snuffled sleepily as he opened his eyes and slowly realized two important things. The first and most obvious was that sunlight was already coming in his bedroom window above the pale muslin curtain, which meant the sun was above the treeline and it was a good hour or more past sunup. Knowing Vin as well as he did, he doubted that Vin was asleep, despite how still he was laying. Vin seldom slept more than five or six hours at a time, and he had never seen Vin sleep through the dawn unless he was badly hurt or exhausted.

The second realization followed right on the heels of the first as he noticed he was looking mostly at Vin’s long wavy curls, which were red-gold in the early morning sunlight. Vin’s hair was soft and shiny from their swim the night before – a swim they had both needed, despite spending so long in the rain the day before that – and smelled like clean sweat and something he would recognize anywhere as simply Vin.

Chris nuzzled closer so Vin’s hair would stop tickling his nose, smiling when Vin stretched slightly and then snuggled even closer as he let out a low noise that could only be called a purr. Vin was prone to being very vocal in bed, and Chris was learning to love every little sound that he could coax out of him.

“Sun’s been up a long time,” Vin murmured a few moments later, sounding amused and relaxed but very much awake as he nuzzled Chris’ throat. “I should prob’ly wanna move by now, huh?”

Chris chuckled softly and shifted one hand from Vin’s back to stroke his hair and try to smooth some of the more tangled curls, which were still tickling his face. “I told Ezra we’d sleep in. He can pass the word if anyone asks.”

Vin snickered and pulled back enough to look at Chris, blue eyes twinkling. “If he’s up. He was headin’ towards drunk when we left and had that pile of money burnin’ a hole in his pocket. No tellin’ when Inez got somebody to pour him into bed.”

Chris smirked. “Then he won’t complain about us bein’ late, so there’s no reason to hurry.”

Chris had barely gotten the words out of his mouth when there was a loud clatter on the porch and then something blocked the window as Pony nickered hopefully. Pony nudged his muzzle against the glass, making the window creak as he looked in at them over the curtain, ears up and eyes bright. A moment later Pony shifted his weight, and then his hoof thudded dully on wood as he pawed the wall below the window.

Chris snorted, amused. “Damned beggar.”

“He definitely don’t seem to agree there’s no reason for me to get up,” Vin teased with a smile. “We’ll be replacin’ that window again if we ignore him.”

Chris rolled to pin Vin under him, grinning wickedly. “I can afford another window, an’ I got better plans for your mornin’.”

Vin laughed and pushed at Chris’ shoulder. “You an’ your plans are gonna have to wait ‘til after I go outside. My teeth are floatin’.”

Chris let Vin push him away, flopping to his back next to Vin and grumbling good-naturedly, “Go on then, but I’m still havin’ you for breakfast.”

“Ain’t nothing I’d rather you do, after I piss an’ feed that spoilt horse o’ yours,” Vin agreed, throwing back the quilt and rolling out of bed to hurry across the room to get his pants.

Chris tried not to snicker at Vin’s haste, knowing from years of riding together that Vin almost always headed for the bushes or an outhouse as soon as he woke up, whichever was more convenient. Vin could go all day in the saddle without having to stop for the call of nature, but if someone kept him from heading for the bushes right out of his bedroll there was sure to be hell to pay. Buck had held him back from hunting a bush just once, thinking it’d be funny, and Vin had been as patient as he could before he got desperate and then annoyed. Buck had thought Vin was bluffing when he unbuttoned his pants, sure Vin was too shy to really piss on him, but he let go right fast when the toes of his boots nearly got wet. Vin had promised to aim a lot higher if Buck ever did it again, and afterwards Buck made sure to get out of Vin’s way whenever he was heading for the bushes.

Chris smirked at the memory and enjoyed the view while Vin untangled his pants, which were all twisted up with one leg inside out because Chris had been in a hurry when he pulled them off. When Vin finally began to pull the britches on, Chris sat up and climbed out of bed to head into the other room. “I’ll put some coffee on. Don’t take forever feedin’ the mooch, he can do without bein’ brushed out while he eats this morning.”

Vin snickered, not bothering with a shirt as he shrugged into one suspender to keep his pants up, then snatched up his gunbelt as he padded barefoot to the door of the cabin. “Won’t be long.”

Chris grinned as he watched Vin close the door and then moved over to pick up his own pants and put them on, wanting something between him and the fire while he stoked up the stove. He wasn’t eighteen anymore, despite feeling like he was when Vin was making those little noises that seemed to go straight to Chris’ cock, but he still intended to indulge as often as humanly possible. It had been a long time since he spent half the night having sex and fooling around, and he was already feeling a bit sore from all the exercise he’d had the last few days. If there was one thing he sure didn’t want, it was sparks landing in sensitive places.

He didn’t know if it was Vin’s enthusiasm that made sex so intense between them or if it was just part of whatever had drawn them to each other across that street so long ago, but whatever it was he didn’t intend to ever give it up.

~*~*~*~

Anyone who had visited the Standish Saloon more than once or twice knew that the large table up on the raised platform by the stairs was reserved, and that the seven chairs around it were not to be borrowed no matter how crowded tables in the rest of the room might get. The town’s seven lawmen could often be found lounging around the big table of an evening, and there seldom passed a night that at least two or three of them weren’t there at some point.

It was common knowledge that Ezra, as the saloon’s owner, would usually seat himself with his back to the corner by the front wall unless he was gambling at one of the other tables with the locals. Chris and Vin were usually there even before Ezra in the evenings with their backs to the side wall, enjoying a meal or just a few drinks while they kept an eye on things. The others usually grabbed whatever chair was free, trusting Ezra, Chris, and Vin to watch the room behind them. Without the presence of their formidable leader, the tracker that had such a deadly reputation, or the gambler whose roving eyes seldom missed anything, their friends were a bit more careful and would put their own backs to the wall.

Chris’ preferred seat had the best view of the saloon, and a good view of the street outside as well when the saloon’s curtains were drawn back to officially open for business. Chris was also constantly moving the most comfortable of the seven chairs – Ezra’s chair! – over to ‘his’ spot when Ezra wasn’t looking, and it made Ezra feel a little smug every time he could manage to claim the chair first. It was of a more expensive make than the other mismatched chairs in the saloon with a low back and a curved depression sanded out in the seat to conform more comfortably to a person’s hind end, making the chair rather perfect to sprawl in as Chris so liked to do.

That particular morning Chris had yet to arrive, though, and Ezra was smirking as he walked towards their table with his usual easy grace to put a plate down by his coffee mug. He reached for the coffee pot to refill his mug and then settled into his chair a moment later, smiling and feeling rather chipper despite the lingering throb behind his eyes.

Colette, the rather pretty newcomer that Inez had recently hired to cook when she was too busy to bother, was a positive marvel with the meager staples available locally. She had whipped up a breakfast for Ezra that morning that surpassed even her usual fine fare while he watched intently and made mental notes. Biscuits and gravy were common enough, as was the bacon, but the other occupant on his plate more than made up for them.

It had been weeks since Ezra had a decent omelet that he didn’t have to make himself, much less one filled with sautéed onions and mushrooms that had to have been bigger than his fist before Colette sliced them. Such an omelet was his favorite breakfast, and Ezra intended to make it worth Colette’s while to make sure he got one more often. He had no idea where she had gotten the mushrooms, but he would pay a pretty penny to find out. He had been trying to find a source for fresh mushrooms since he wound up in Four Corners without luck. Shipping them in wasn’t worth the expense; by the time mushrooms from back east reached him they were always either too dried out to taste like anything, or moldy and ruined from being packed with too much moisture.

Ezra dug in to his breakfast with unseemly glee, glad there was no one around to witness the happy noises he made as he ate. His friends never ceased to be good company, but there were times he could easily do without their ribbing about his enjoyment of the simple pleasures in life.

The one least likely to ruin the moment when Ezra was enjoying himself was Chris, though that was more because Chris was too busy smirking and enjoying the show than out of any courtesy on his part. Buck and JD were usually the worst, teasing Ezra ruthlessly whenever they got the chance, but Josiah could be quite trying with his sly comments that Ezra truly didn’t know if he should accept at face value or not. Nathan seldom said anything unless the others began it, but when he joined in with them he could be as bad as Buck and JD were.

Vin teased Ezra fairly mildly in front of the others, usually just taking a page out of Chris’ book and sitting back to watch with the occasional well-timed comment, but if there were no one else around he was worse than any of them. Vin was quiet enough so much of the time in public that many forgot he had a sharp wit to go with that soft Texas drawl. He often indulged in verbal sparring with Ezra, usually with enough flirting to make Ezra wonder what might be going on behind those sparkling blue eyes. More than once he had considered making advances beyond their easy flirting, but he had never done so for one reason: Chris.

Chris was quite simply Vin’s world and Ezra was certain that the feeling was mutual long before either of them realized it. Ezra wasn’t privy to Chris’ confidences, of course, but Ezra prided himself on knowing another man’s tells and he had seen plenty over the last three years to make him sure Chris was deeply in love with their favorite tracker. He sometimes wondered how any of the others could miss it, especially after Vin’s brush with death when a bullet grazed his head and left him comatose. He wasn’t sure Chris had even been aware of his audience that long night waiting for Vin to wake, but Ezra and the others had been there through it all. Chris’ reaction when Vin finally woke later that morning left no doubts in Ezra’s mind that Vin was everything Chris felt he had to live for.

Seeing Chris the night before had been a revelation. Chris had been more relaxed and pleased with life than Ezra had ever seen him before, and more than once he’d found himself wishing that hungry grey-green gaze was trained on him. Ezra suddenly remembered how Chris had behaved later in the stable and felt his cheeks heating up. He had often wished for but never actually expected to be on the receiving end of such blatant flirting from Chris, and he was quite sure that neither Chris nor Vin had missed his rather physical reaction. He had very nearly forgotten himself and made an offer he would regret, but thankfully his good sense had kicked in before he could open his mouth.

Ezra would have greatly enjoyed dallying a few hours – or days, for that matter – in a featherbed with Chris and Vin, but it simply was not worth risking their friendship for, no matter how pleasurable such an indulgence would be. He would never willingly betray Vin’s trust, and he was of the opinion that was exactly what he would be doing if he made advances towards either of them, especially while the thing between Chris and Vin was still so obviously new. He felt they needed time to learn each other before any distractions were added in, especially considering Chris’ lack of experience with men. Vin should be the one to introduce Chris to the pleasures they could have together, not only because of the depth of their feeling for each other but also because Ezra was quite sure there was no one else Chris trusted more in the world.

Ezra finished the last of his breakfast and settled back in his chair with his coffee, his gaze on the table in front of him. It hadn’t escaped his attention that it was Vin’s decision to include him in their tiny circle of trust, and he intended to prove to Chris that he was worthy of Vin’s confidence in him. He had no illusions about Chris’ opinion of his sometimes-flexible sense of right and wrong, but he also knew he had Chris’ respect and trust, if not to so great a degree as he might have liked. He wanted to keep that trust and show Chris that he truly could be relied on as much because Chris’ opinion mattered to him as because it would affect his relationship with Vin. Vin was the closest friend and confidant Ezra had ever been graced with and he treasured their easy camaraderie too much to endanger it.

Boots thudded up onto the quiet boardwalk in front of the saloon then, spurs jingling familiarly with every step. Ezra looked up, stifling a laugh as he watched Chris walk through the batwing doors with Vin right behind him. Chris was smirking slightly and looked so completely satisfied with himself and life in general that Ezra wondered how in the world he intended to keep his new relationship with Vin a secret. He had seen Chris walk out of a brothel looking less like he had just gotten laid, and while he knew that Chris was very good at hiding anything he didn’t want to share, he had his doubts that Chris even realized he looked like he’d recently had truly spectacular sex and enjoyed every second of it.

Vin wasn’t quite so obvious as Chris was, but for anyone who knew him as well as Ezra did the signs of a night spent in erotic pursuits were easy to spot. There was no change to his usual graceful stride as Ezra had half expected, but there was a sparkle in Vin’s eyes that spoke loudly of his state of mind. Ezra had seen Vin right after his last visit to a brothel – which had been instigated by a very drunk Chris – and the difference in Vin’s manner and expression after a night with Chris was like the difference between night and day. Ezra had never seen Vin so relaxed and obviously satisfied before, not even in private.

Chris took the four stairs up to their table in two long strides and moved around the table to pull out the chair next to Ezra, where Chris could have his back to the wall. He grinned at Ezra as he flopped into the seat and said cheerfully, “Afternoon, Ezra. Surprised to find you just having breakfast so late.”

Vin laughed and pushed his hat back to hang from the stampede string as he settled into the chair at Ezra’s other side with his back towards the stairs. “Way you were talking last night, we thought you were gettin’ up early.”

“It is still morning, gentlemen, if just barely so,” Ezra said as he glanced from Chris to Vin, amused. “I had a rather late night, if you must know.” He arched an eyebrow, smirking, “As did someone else I could name, it seems, or two someones I should say.”

Vin grinned and looked towards the door, not rising to the bait, but Chris smirked at Ezra and leaned a little closer as he murmured, “I bet I enjoyed stayin’ up half the night more than you did, and was a hell of a lot happier with what I woke up to.”

Vin laughed, surprised, and scolded with a grin, “Be nice.”

Chris grinned at Vin. “What? Just the truth. You know how Ezra hates wakin’ up with a hangover.”

Vin just snorted, amused.

“I assure you, my evening was quite well spent, Mr. Larabee,” Ezra said when he could get a word in edgewise, amused despite the pang of envy he had to quash. He would give everything in his pockets to step into Vin’s shoes for a few hours, and he had done much better than average at the tables the night before. “I sent several cowhands home rather poorer than they arrived, broke up three fights, jailed a man who was cheating poorly at cards in my saloon, and had to order Mr. Dunne home to bed before he had to be poured into it.” He smirked. “It seems that the object of the boy’s affections has decided not to allow anyone who can’t defeat her in a horse race to court her, and Dancer is simply not as fast as her favorite.”

Chris laughed and shook his head, grinning. “Poor kid. Once he figures a way around that one, it’ll be something else.”

Vin snickered, nodding. “Casey’s as scared of him winnin’ as he is of losin’. Girl don’t know whether she wants courted or not.”

Ezra smirked a bit wider. “I understand this most recent panic was brought on by Mr. Dunne using the ‘m’ word.”

Vin blinked. “Which ‘m’ word might that be, Ezra? I can think of a couple JD might shock the girl with if they slipped out.”

Chris snickered and answered before Ezra could. “Marriage. I’d bet my boots on it.”

“And you’d win,” Ezra agreed, still smirking. “As I understood it from Mr. Dunne – who was, I should point out, sloshed to the gills by that time – they went for a ride yesterday afternoon and the conversation turned towards their relationship. I gathered that the young lady was seeking assurances his affections were confined to her alone, and instead she received a proposal. It did not go over well, and JD rode back to town alone.” He paused and then added with amusement, “With a black eye.”

Vin started laughing as Chris snickered and muttered, “Poor dumb kid.”

The door behind the bar opened and Colette walked out, smiling happily and carrying two more of the heavy porcelain coffee mugs like Ezra’s. She was dressed like a fancy whore that morning, complete with makeup and high-piled curls, and the flour sack apron tied over her vivid red dress stood out like a turkey in a henhouse. She spoke English very well but with a definite French accent, though Ezra wasn’t convinced that she had ever been there. He thought New Orleans more likely, but wasn’t certain she had even that much claim to the accent. “Ah, I was thinking I heard the friends of the boss! What will it be for you this lovely day?”

Chris looked over at Colette, grinning as he finally took off his hat and hung it on the back of the empty chair next to him. “Mornin’ ma’am. Whatever you’ve got on the stove’d be fine. Anything you make is gonna be better than what we can get down to the restaurant.”

Colette beamed as she climbed the stairs up to their table. “Chris, how you do charm a lady!” She turned her attention to Vin, still beaming as she offered him the mugs. “And for you, Vin? What would you like for breakfast?”

Vin grinned as he leaned to take the mugs and then reached for the coffee pot. “Load up a plate an’ I’ll be glad to tuck in, Colette. You know I’m easy.”

Chris smirked at Vin, obviously concerning the ‘easy’ comment, and Ezra had to stifle the urge to laugh. Chris could be as transparent as a pane of glass on occasion, though luckily for all concerned it was a rare thing. Or had been, at least. It remained to be seen if he would be able to control himself when he needed to. Vin’s quite considerable charms seemed to have effortlessly destroyed the prickly walls Chris had used to keep everyone at bay for so long.

“Wonderful! I will be right back with a lovely breakfast for you both!” Colette beamed at them and then turned and walked quickly back down the stairs and around the bar into the kitchen.

“Easy, huh?” Chris teased softly as soon as she was gone, watching Vin fill both mugs with coffee.

Ezra did laugh then, surprised Chris was willing to go there with an audience of even one other person. He had always thought Chris to be a very private man, but it was beginning to look as if he might have been mistaken.

Vin actually blushed a bit as he grinned at Chris and offered him a mug of coffee, murmuring, “You don’t agree?”

“Not so’s you’d notice,” Chris replied, smirking as he half stood to reach for his mug. “If you were easy you wouldn’t have been just watchin’ me take a bath so long.”

Ezra snickered, and then smiled innocently at the look Vin gave him. He had teased Vin about his choice of bath times rather often, and even told Vin where Chris was and vice versa quite a few times because Vin so obviously liked to watch Chris bathe. The fact he had done so on more than one occasion expressly so he could join them and enjoy the view was completely irrelevant. 

“Don’t you start, Ezra!” Vin said quickly, trying not to laugh as he settled back with his own coffee. “I seem to recall you wanderin’ in more than a few times, too.”

Ezra smirked and answered without hesitation, “And if asked by either of you – in privacy, of course – I wouldn’t have denied why I chose to bathe at such a time. I might well have made certain that I was armed and had an escape route before I answered, but that is neither here nor there.”

Chris snickered and settled back in his chair again with his coffee mug cradled in one hand, leaning the other elbow on the table. “Something you’re trying to tell us, Ezra?”

“There is no need for me to further nourish your already overfed egos, gentlemen,” Ezra replied dryly, giving Chris an amused look.

“You just did, Ezra,” Chris said, smug.

Vin laughed and nodded. “Pretty well, too.”

Ezra laughed softly and took a sip of his coffee, a little surprised but definitely pleased at the sudden turn the friendship he had with Chris and Vin had taken. He doubted it would ever progress past teasing, but even that was a welcome change. He had hidden his inclinations for so long that he had wondered if he would ever have even one friend who knew him for exactly who he was and accepted him anyway.

To have two such friends was a very great gift.