A day on the lake
by Aprilfirez ( Aprilfirez@yahoo.com )

We were out on a boat, taking in the hot summer sun. I love looking overboard watching the movement of the water. You had bought me a really revealing bathing suit to wear which I wore under a little protest, but knowing it would make you happy and also knowing I would only be wearing it when I was alone with you, it showed the better part of my butt and my 32C bust. I was hanging over the edge watching the reflections off the water when I felt you move up behind me. You pressed against me hard almost pushing me overboard.
I felt your hard cock pressed against the crack of my ass, and you rubbing it against me. I felt your strong hand on my back pushing me forward more and your other hand moving my bikini to one side. As your legs pushed mine open, I could feel your cock making its way to my wet hot pussy. Slowly you penetrated me and pushed your cock deep inside. I gasped as the head of your cock hit my cervix filling me completely, then you pushed a little more. Holding on to the side of the boat, you pumping into me with long slow strokes. Realizing we are out in the middle of a lake and there might be others around that could see us, I get a little nervous and look up from the water. And to my shock I see a couple of people on the shore watching us. In panic I try to pull away from you, but you just hold me down and start pumping into me harder! I try to tell you that there are people over there watching us! You tell me that you already saw them and not to worry, you think they're enjoying the show. I look up again at the people and see that it's a couple and I think you `re right; they seem to be watching intently. Then I feel your hands move up over my back then to my breast which are sort of hanging over the side of the boat. And with out any warning you pull my bikini top down exposing my breast to the people watching us. I go to cover them back up but you just grab my hands and pin them behind my back as you continue to fuck me even harder. I look up in embarrassment, and see the couple on the shore; I can see the guy has his hands inside of her shirt. Then with out any warning I felt a hot sting across my butt as you start to spank me hard over and over again! I gasp out loudly in pain and pleasure, and then loose myself with the feeling of your cock pumping me hard. The excitement of being out in the open and I think also knowing that some one was watching us set me off and I had my first orgasm. And you just kept slamming into me over and over again. I look up again and see the girl standing in front of the guy, both facing us, he has her shorts unsnapped and I can see him pressed to her back with one hand still in her shirt and another now in her undies. Then I hear you gasp as you ram into me really hard and hold yourself inside of me. Then bamm! I feel your cock swell even more, as you explode deep inside me, hot liquid surges, so hot it almost felt like fire! I feel my pussy clamp down hard around your cock as I orgasm a second time screaming with pleasure as I do. You release my hands and collapse on top of me, pinning me under you, with your cock still deep inside me. Out of breath I marvel at the feeling of your huge cock getting smaller and slowly slipping out of my abused, sore, pussy. We stayed there long enough to watch the couple on the shore finish making love, then found an even more private area on the lake that we could go skinny dipping. After that I was so hot and excited there's nothing I wouldn't let you do. And you fucked me so many times that day that I had a hard time just walking. My pussy was red and swollen for a couple of days after that.
