Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 1 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: m-solo, f-solo
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

*********************************************************
*   This story considers two unusual youngsters with    *
*     the usual teenage interest in matters sexual.     *
*                                                       *
*     As their relationship slowly unfolds, so does     *
*     the erotic side of the story - hopefully more     *
*      enjoyably than a simple "wham bam" would be.     *
*********************************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

The first signs were misinterpreted.  The baby must have 
kicked - forget the fact that at that stage the baby was 
too small to have reached through the warm surrounding 
ocean to make contact with its mothers uterine wall.

Yet there was a sudden increase in pressure caused by an 
additional presence in her womb.

The pressure faded as suddenly as it had came and the 
baby was solitary again.

The next occasion caused the woman to gasp in pain as her 
abdominal wall was stretched from within.  This too was 
misinterpreted as the technician was right at that second 
applying a squirt of cold goo onto her protruding belly.

He accepted the reaction with a simple apology and turned 
back to the instrumentation before selecting a probe 
which he rubbed over her gravid stomach.

As she became accustomed to the discomfort (yet another 
she had grown used to over the last couple of months, 
what with throwing up and aching legs), the expectant 
mother paid more attention to the changing images being 
swept across the monitor by her side.

An arrow moved to highlight an unusually shaped flashing 
cursor.

"There you are", said the ultrasound technician, "you can 
see the little one's heart beating."  He moved the probe 
and adjusted the depth reading.

"Oh.  I think I may have a surprise for you", he added.  
"Do you or your husband have a history of twins in your 
family?"

"No."

"Well see this.  It's another little beating heart.  
Looks like you have an instant family."

She watched the screen as she wondered how they would 
cope.  It was going to be a stretch at first with a new 
baby but two!  Her husband wasn't highly paid and money 
was tight.

With her mind distracted she barely noticed the absence 
of pain as her belly subsided when she sat up.

-----

It came as a surprise when she didn't grow as big as 
expected and her gynaecologist delivered a single large 
baby rather than the pair of smaller offspring everyone 
had anticipated.

Still she had a darling little boy and they could return 
quite a bit of the now unnecessarily duplicated items to 
the stores.

Before she left the hospital though, the surprise turned 
into more of a shock for both her and her husband.

They were ushered into a small office where they sat down 
before the doctor's desk.  She faced them, once again 
regretting having to impart bad (well maybe not "bad", 
but probably unwelcome) news to an otherwise happy set of 
new parents.

"I don't want you to be worried by this interview.  We 
always run through a few things with new parents 
especially when it's their first; let you know the 
results of any tests we perform, give you an opportunity 
to ask any questions, and so on."

She tried her best to make everything seem normal.

"I'd like to reassure you that you have a perfectly 
healthy baby (she avoided 'little boy') and the jaundice 
is normal and will only need a day under the lights to 
settle."

The parents seemed comfortable so far.

"Sometimes", she continued, "we pick up something that 
needs some further checking and we have found something I 
need to discuss with you; it's nothing life threatening 
so you don't need to be concerned that way."

"What is it then?" asked the new father.

"Well.  There is really very little difference between 
males and females.  Most of the changes occur as the baby 
experiences various influences while growing in the womb.  
Very rarely we see cases where these changes are at one 
end or the other of a wide range of conditions which can 
be considered normal."

Always stress their baby is normal.  Just some babies are 
more normal than others, even if you never said that.

"In little", she looked at her notes, "Justin's case he 
has been given a little extra."  She looked back and 
forth between the now slightly worried parents hoping 
they were following her explanation.

"In addition to having a full set of male equipment he 
also has a vagina."

There was a gasp from the father and a sob from the 
mother.

"We won't really know how much this affects things until 
closer to puberty though I think he should have annual 
check ups to review his progress and I'd like you to 
consider allowing us to perform a small operation, a 
laparoscopy, to check just what he has been given.

"In the past there would have been pressure to perform 
some sort of corrective surgery but quite often the child 
later disagreed with the choices taken.  Now we realise 
there is usually no hurry and a considered decision is 
much better than a rushed one."

She went on to explain what was involved and to reassure 
them, as much as was possible anyway, that their son was 
a boy and could quite happily live as a boy and a man.

Time might prove her wrong but they needed some comfort 
in the here and now.

And so Justin Rogers was checked and found to have both 
uterus and ovaries as well before being sent home with 
his mother to a nursery freshly painted a definite blue.

-----

Though he was just a typical little boy, there were many 
unexplained incidents as Justin was growing up.

- There was the way he seemed to be able to get out of 
his pyjamas.

It started when he was in nappies, which tended to be 
messy sometimes, but it continued occasionally as he got 
older and he could apparently even do it without undoing 
the buttons.

Sometimes he would even be found sitting naked as he 
played with his clothes piled beside him.

- There was the baby-sitter.

Val and Dave Rogers discouraged their friends from using 
her after they were called away from Dave's office party 
with tales their baby was missing.

They figured it was drink or drugs since she maintained 
when she first went into Justin's room that there were 
two infants there.  When she checked later there was only 
one in the cot.  She panicked and called the contact 
number they had left, resulting in their desperate dash 
home where they found Justin safely asleep.

The teenage girl suffered financially but she was happy 
at least to get out of, and never need to return to, the 
house she maintained vehemently afterwards was haunted.

- There was the not unusual imaginary friend and the very 
unusual questions.

"Why is there this water all over the floor Justin?"

"Tina splashed me so I splashed her back."

"Well tell her not to splash over my nice dry floor in 
future please."

"Okay Mummy.  Mummy, why doesn't Tina have a willy?"

"I don't know dear.  We will have to try to find out, 
won't we?" with the unspoken "and where did you find out 
little girls don't have what little boys have?"

When she told her husband later all he could do was laugh 
and say "You should have told him it didn't matter 
because in another 15 years she would have a damn nice 
place to put one."

Tina's voice could occasionally be heard having a 
conversation with Justin but his youthful voice had the 
range to produce little girl sounds and Tina had always 
just "had to go" whenever anyone joined Justin.

"Tina" didn't turn up often enough to get annoying and 
there was no suggestion Justin was stressed over anything 
that would push him into his own world.  He certainly was 
seen to be quite happy immediately before or after one of 
her visits and he never seemed to be sad that she had 
"gone".

- There were the times when Justin ate far too much and 
then suffered for it afterwards.

He only did it twice though.  After that if Tina was 
hungry he let her eat alone or encouraged her to just 
have a snack.

-----

As was expected "Tina" came less frequently as he grew 
older till she stopped visiting sometime around his ninth 
birthday.

All in all Justin had a pretty normal childhood even if 
he remained an only child.

A normal childhood in all but two respects.

As he was growing up his genitals resembled those of any 
normal little boy except there was a puffiness to his 
scrotum where the thin skin of a male's sack was replaced 
by the thicker tissues of a little girl's labia majora.

The front of the sack was certainly loose enough; it was 
where the skin met his legs that a difference could just 
be noticed.  Since boys aren't usually in the habit of 
feeling one another's balls there was nothing in Justin's 
experience to suggest that this wasn't the way scrotums 
always felt.

Then hidden away behind his balls was the hymen covered 
opening to his vagina.  Once again, in its prepubescent 
form the inner lips were barely noticeable and there was 
nothing to suggest there was anything of interest hidden 
away.

Having had his balls knocked he was willing to listen to 
his mother when she told him not to poke around there or 
it would hurt like his balls had.

He missed out on a separate clitoris though, the 
sensitive receptors ending up in the head of his penis 
where he found out about them in due course like all 
other little boys.

Justin's mother had consulted with his doctor and, as a 
result, had wisely postponed any discussion of his 
differences until he had at least the rudimentary 
understanding of the biology involved and the social 
skills to realise when certain secrets had to remain 
secrets for peer acceptance.

The second difference was that, unlike other children's 
imaginary friends, Justin's weren't.

-----

Tina had been coming around for as long as Justin could 
remember.  She was always friendly and if he was feeling 
sad for any reason she was always willing to console him 
or to let him console her.  They rarely disagreed on any 
matter having similar interests and similar experiences 
though Tina did seem a little put out that hers were 
often second-hand.

There certainly weren't any secrets between them and no 
shame.  He had seen her body as often as she had seen his 
and other than a natural curiosity about the physical 
differences they accepted each other's nudity whenever it 
occurred.

It was only when they grew older that the penny dropped 
and Justin and Tina realised they were closer than other 
kids brothers and sisters.

Justin's parents had always responded as though Tina was 
there and he had never realised that they might think she 
wasn't.  Because the matter was never pressed from either 
side it wasn't an issue until it was too late to be an 
issue.

Justin was eleven when he first connected other parents 
talk of imaginary friends with Tina and just thought it 
meant other kids had their visitors too.  He made the 
mistake of talking to one of his younger cousins when his 
aunt had come visiting but she reacted as if Justin was 
making fun of her.  That is until Tina appeared and 
Tracey went screaming to her parents to tattle that he 
had a naked girl in his room.

Tracey wasn't lying of course but by the time the adults 
had turned up Tina had gone and what could Tracey say.  
Tina would have had to have followed her down the 
corridor to get away and she certainly wasn't hiding in 
Justin's room.  Tracey knew that; she looked.

Justin, older than when he had openly told anyone about 
Tina, was now conscious that she had been naked and that 
this could get him into trouble.  He simply denied any 
knowledge of what Tracey was on about.  She got into 
trouble and wouldn't even speak to him for over two 
years; he was grateful to Tina for that, if nothing else.

He did realise that he missed Tina though.  She hadn't 
been around for a while and in the meantime he had become 
more conscious of girls.  Now he would like to see her 
again (he blushed at the implication of "seeing" her as 
Tracey had) he didn't know if he would; she had been 
there like old times, had had long enough to say "Hello 
Tracey" and was gone like in the past before he could 
speak.  He felt like he had lost a loved one yet somehow 
he could still feel her presence.

-----

Justin filled out and was as successful in sports, 
academic achievements and social interactions as any of 
his peers.  That is to say, some things he managed with 
ease, some he just managed and some never seemed to work 
out right.

He had never been seriously ill and had passed his 
regular annual check ups with flying colours until he was 
almost thirteen.

Dr Bryant had been his GP since taking over from Dr 
Michaels when he was three.  She had taken over the case 
notes and had dutifully recorded his progress over the 
years.

Having been his doctor for so long, and with each 
examination duplicating all the earlier ones he could 
remember, Justin faced the prospects of dropping his 
drawers for a quick touch up as just the normal situation 
when visiting the doctor.  Well except that he had 
noticed the first signs of wispy hair "down there" and 
was a bit more self-conscious than in previous years.

He tried at first to suggest that it wasn't necessary for 
him to go any more; none of his peers seemed to go unless 
they were sick.

"It's more necessary now than ever", was his mother's 
cryptic remark and her only expansion was "let's wait 
until we hear what the Doctor has to say first."

At least his mother sat the other side of the screen in 
the doctor's room.  Dropping his drawers in her presence 
was bad enough, dropping them in her view would have been 
unbearable.

He buttoned himself up and joined his mother in the two 
visitors chairs by the doctor's desk.

"Okay.  Well once again you've survived another year 
unscathed Justin.  And though it may embarrass you to 
have me mention it you are progressing well on the way to 
manhood.  And that is why we need to have a little talk."

Justin was worried that his mother had for some reason 
organised for Dr Bryant to give him the "Birds and the 
Bees" talk.  He blushed.  Didn't she realise that they 
covered all that at school and that Dad had already sat 
him down and gone through the boy meets girl details to 
supplement all the reading material aimed at various age 
groups that had been available, adding additional 
material as Justin had asked questions.  How could she do 
this!

There was no graceful way to escape; he had to listen and 
hope it wasn't too embarrassing.

Dr Bryant started by reassuring herself that Justin was 
aware in more than the most superficial ways that boys 
differed from girls.  She at least was aided by some 3D 
models that could be pulled apart to show what went on 
inside a girl.

It was almost as bad has he expected.  At least the model 
was new to him and he was learning something from it.  He 
just hoped she wasn't going to show a rubber penis up 
inside the model like the diagram in one of the Sex Ed 
movies at school.  At least not with his mother here.

Dr Bryant for some reason didn't pursue the reproductive 
side of her talk and it took a little while for Justin to 
register what she was saying.  He rolled back the 
conversation in memory and picked up from where he had 
lost the thread.

"While a baby's X and Y genes tell it whether to be a boy 
or a girl it's not quite that simple.  The messages only 
work when they are copied and read properly and there are 
a lot of ways the messages can get confused."

Like Dr Michaels, Sue Bryant was used to, not lying, but 
rather putting the best possible spin on news a patient 
might incorrectly interpret pessimistically.

It was true that the development of a baby could be 
affected by hormonal variations in the mother and 
environmental variations during the pregnancy such as 
smoking, alcohol or drug consumption, or even a lack of 
vitamins or other building blocks.  That didn't 
necessarily make it the mother's fault if something was 
noticed later.

Likewise any "difference" was only an abnormality if the 
person concerned believed it wasn't "normal" without 
realising the vast ranges of normal variation.

Thus things got "confused"; they didn't "go wrong" and Dr 
Bryant didn't try to find reasons (at least when talking 
things over like this) lest someone start pointing the 
finger of blame whether it be towards another or at 
themselves.

"Just because things sometimes come out different doesn't 
mean that they are worse.  Look at eye colours.  It may 
be that tens or hundreds of thousands of years ago 
everyone had brown eyes.  Then something happened one day 
and a baby was born with blue eyes.  That baby grew up 
and had more babies and one day years later there were a 
lot of blue eyed people as well.  Now we have people with 
all sorts of shades of eye colour, violet through all 
types of blue and then to green as well as brown.

"Sometime the change is important as it means the baby 
has a better chance of surviving than those that don't 
have the difference.  We don't know straight away when 
that is going to happen.  It may not be until years later 
when someone looks at a disease like Malaria and finds 
that people who have a difference called sickle-cell 
anaemia which looks like a bit of a downer actually are 
better at surviving where there are swarms of mosquitos."

What had happened to "when a daddy meets a mummy..."?  
Where was this leading.

"I want you to pay attention to these models again 
because we are going to look at the differences a bit 
closer.  You know about eggs and sperm I presume?"

Justin nodded.

"And do you know where they come from?"

"Ovaries and testes."

"Right!"  She pointed at the relevant sites in each clear 
model.  "Now if you notice the 'plumbing' involved is 
much the same.  If you consider men at one end of a set 
of designs and women at the other you can imagine getting 
from one end to the other with a series of small 
changes."

Justin imagined the penis - not that large in the first 
place but it was probably a cost cutting measure, plastic 
must be expensive - getting gradually shorter until the 
piss hole was flat against the surface.  The tube from 
the balls separated and formed its own exit point nearby 
which gradually opened as the balls were drawn up inside 
until the tube formed vagina and womb while testes became 
ovaries.  He didn't know enough to speculate on clitoris 
and g-spot, on sensitive glans and prostate and on the 
presence of erectile tissue in both sexes.

There seemed to be an inner voice helping him understand 
the concepts while he still remained ignorant of the 
reason for the discussion in the first place.

"That all makes sense but I'm sorry, I don't understand 
where this is leading."

"Well basically there was a little mix up in your 
plumbing before you were born.  It isn't serious by any 
means or you would have known about it before now so 
don't worry.  What I want to do is to let you know a bit 
more about it now you are old enough to understand what I 
mean."

Justin was stunned.  How was his "plumbing" wrong?  
Everything seemed to be in the right place, wasn't it?  
He looked at his mother who seemed to be watching him 
closely as though expecting him to react badly.  Now he 
was worried.

The doctor noticed his expression.  "I said don't worry.  
There isn't any problem that I can see with what you have 
got down there and you don't seem to be missing anything 
that you need concern yourself about.

"I don't know of an easier way of explaining so if you 
don't mind would you drop your pants again and lie back 
down on the examining table please."

He did as he was asked and the doctor came to join him.

"I want you to put your hand at the base of your penis 
and feel around at the back of your scrotum, the sack 
which holds your balls.  Now carefully feel the skin 
between there and your bottom.  Can you feel how the skin 
is ruffled and there is a bit of a depression?  Good.  
Get dressed and we can cover things a bit easier on the 
models."

-----

Of course with such a ponderous change to deal with it 
was only natural for Justin to want to be alone in his 
room.  And with such a wealth of new knowledge about his 
body it was only natural that he should explore it 
further in his own private realm.

And THAT is what really brought about the revelation 
which helped him to come to terms with his new body 
image.

Justin was gently feeling around what he supposed he now 
had to call "his" vulva.  He was laying back on his bed 
trying to look between his legs but the angle was 
impossible.

He carefully felt over the surface with one hand, 
exploring the entrance to "his" vagina.  It felt nice, so 
nice that his penis began to straighten.  He took it in 
his other hand and began to stroke.

"That tickles."

Justin understandably jumped.  There is not one boy (or 
girl?) experimenting with their body who does not 
guiltily fear being discovered.  He quickly spun around 
to see an equally naked Tina lying on his bed with her 
legs spread and her hand nestled between the tops of her 
thighs.

"What?"  Justin, for the first time, wished Tina hadn't 
come visiting.  The interval had been so long that he had 
come to half believe she WAS imaginary but never before 
had she turned up at what he considered was a grossly 
embarrassing time.

He was about to move his hand to cover his erection when 
his fingers brushed over the smooth surface.  Yes, 
smooth!

Puffy outer lips were gone; wrinkled inner lips - gone; 
vagina - gone!  He looked around at Tina in amazement.  
Could it be?

Erection now forgotten (and in fact it was beginning to 
soften with his attention so forcibly drawn to other 
matters) he climbed up onto the bed to sit cross-legged 
next to her.

"Tina can I ask you something?"

"Sure."

"You used to come and go a lot; now it's been a while.  
Where have you been?"

Tina thought.  "I don't know.  I can remember when I've 
been with you and I can remember the things that have 
happened to you, but I'm not there then so how can I?  I 
don't remember being anywhere else."

"I think I might know.  Give me your hand a second."

Justin found it seemed perfectly natural to hold Tina's 
hand and to place it down between his legs though later 
he had to laugh at the idea of trying to get one of the 
girls at school to do it.

She felt the smooth area.  "Your pussy is gone!"

"Yes.  And you are here.  I think Dr Sue got it wrong - 
I'm not one person with two sets of sex organs, I'm two 
people with one body; well most of the time."

"I think you're right though it doesn't explain why, or 
how, I come and go."

"Will you stop playing with yourself please.  It's very 
distracting; and would you mind putting on my gown 
please."

"Sorry it felt nice when you touched yourself so I kept 
doing it.  You didn't mind touching it yourself before."

"That was before I found out there were two of me and 
that one is a good looking girl who's now got tits."

"A good looking girl?"

"You don't know?"

"I've never seen myself.  I only remember you remembering 
what I look like and it has been a while."

Justin took Tina's hand and stood with her in front of 
the mirror.

"Oh my gosh!"

"Oh god!"

Both youngsters saw it at the same time.

"You look just like me."

"No wonder you called me 'Good Looking'."  Tina gave him 
a playful thump on his upper arm.

Consider the difference between how we see ourselves and 
how others see us.  In the mirror everything is swapped 
around and since faces are only superficially symmetrical 
people are accustomed to a different view to that 
presented to the world.  Think how everyone but the 
vainest person hates looking at their own photos but then 
thinks everyone else's are a good likeness.

In addition to the issue of view point, Tina's visits had 
tended to be brief and sometimes at long intervals and in 
the meantime their ages had steadily marched on so her 
appearance had changed from infantile to childish to 
juvenile and was heading into youthful and then adult.  
With a few exceptions, Justin had probably never really 
seen the "same" Tina more than a couple of times.

As they considered the premise further it was surprising 
how many things made more sense.

Take the clothes.  Every time Tina turned up one or both 
were naked.  In the bath both were but usually Tina would 
be bare and, on far fewer occasions, she would appear in 
Justin's clothes and he would be suddenly naked.

As they thought about those latter occasions they 
realised that the one time where they could remember the 
details Justin had also found himself displaced while 
Tina appeared in his clothes where he had been.  It had 
been memorable since he had been laying on his bed and 
found himself on the carpet instead.

The reason why Tina disappeared seemed easier to 
comprehend; it looked like a simple protective measure.  
Until their previous time she had only emerged when 
Justin was alone; when someone came close she retreated.  
On that occasion Tracey had seemed like a kindred spirit 
but her scream would have driven anyone away.

Trying to work out the circumstances of the emergences 
was far trickier but the process was assisted by the fact 
that while their experiences were the same their memories 
weren't quite and one could remind the other of forgotten 
incidents.

Like how an infantile attempt at "Justin" persisted for 
some years as "Tintin" or "Tin" rather than the more 
logical "Jus" and was later easily converted to "Tina".

The only commonality appeared to be when some need 
existed - a need for comforting, a need for 
companionship, a need to share happy times in a household 
with only one child, a need for answers.

They sat side by side as they worked through their mutual 
history, quietly discussing their thoughts and ideas.  
Tina had thrown a robe on in deference to Justin's new 
sensibilities and he had pulled on a pair of shorts.

Things were working out well; they were making progress 
in an area where they couldn't expect others to help when 
it was spoilt by a knock on the door.

"Are you alright honey?"

When Justin turned back the robe lay empty and he 
hesitantly checked.  Yes, Tina was back.

At least he knew now that she never really left him.

"Yes.  I've been thinking things through and I'm more 
comfortable now."

"Well, your dinner's ready if you want it."

"Thanks.  I'll be there soon."

The footsteps receded.

"Tina?" He listened for an echo in his mind but none 
came.  "Oh well", he thought, "If all else fails..."

He went back to doing what he was doing immediately 
before her last appearance bit all he got was a solitary 
pleasure.  He got up.

"Hope you liked it too."  He would have to be careful or 
people would catch him talking to himself and think him 
strange.

"Strange!" he thought.  It was now a comforting 
strangeness, not something fearful.  Maybe that was why 
Tina didn't emerge.

-----

Nothing he did over the next few months brought her back 
and he eventually stopped trying; she had come when it 
was time before, he could only hope she would again.

Her absence and his changing body had their sometimes 
not-so-subtle effect on his behaviour; his personality 
didn't change but he didn't take up any of the signals 
that the girls around him were beginning to find him 
attractive.

Similarly he was more self-conscious in the change rooms 
after Gym class but that wasn't an unusual situation for 
boys his age where puberty was taking an ever greater 
hold.

His hormonal mix must have been a nightmare and it took a 
couple of visits to the doctor and a series of blood 
tests over six months to satisfy her that he wasn't going 
into meltdown, let alone heading towards a sideshow as a 
bearded lady.

A few months after that he was back at the doctor's again 
with what appeared to be budding breasts.  He DID appear 
to have more feminine nipples than most boys but his 
breast tissue didn't grow more than normal in a teenage 
male body.  The lumps behind his nipples had given him 
some worries initially but he relaxed when he found he 
was within (once again that over used term) the "normal" 
range and that they would subside soon enough.

He lived under these circumstances for a while and then 
something happened that made him make his first solo 
visit to the doctor.

With no available appointment slots Dr Bryant gave her 
okay for her receptionist to extend her hours and he 
flipped through the old National Geographics that seemed 
to accumulate in any surgery until the last patient had 
gone.

Justin had always held a special place in her heart; much 
more like a favoured relation than a patient.  She had 
monitored his condition on a quarterly basis and he had 
always been a charming little boy; now he was reaching an 
age where others might start exploring his body and she 
feared for him if their reaction wasn't positive.

Justin thought he knew what was happening but he had to 
be sure and it wasn't something he could easily discuss 
with his parents.

His father had walled off any thoughts about his son's 
"differences" when he had shown himself to be a typical 
little boy and while his mother had had a couple of years 
to prepare herself for the "turning into a woman" talk 
she had kept putting it off and he didn't want to worry 
her about a change in direction at this late stage.

"Dr Sue" was the obvious choice; she had kept his secret 
over the years and had treated it as having no more 
importance than whether or not he had a pierced ear.

"Hello Justin.  What can I do for you today?"

"I noticed a little blood in my shorts today and I 
suspect I might have started my periods but I thought I 
better make sure."  He had rehearsed his piece and it 
came out with a rush.

Dr Bryant asked some questions to see if there might be 
some other explanation but Justin insisted it was vaginal 
and not anal and that he hadn't suffered any injuries 
and, no, he couldn't recall any cramps - just what he 
needed, PMS!

"Okay.  Up on the table for a quick check then."

For the first time that he could remember Justin was 
embarrassed to expose himself before the doctor.  His 
earliest visits had involved a gentle fondling of his 
genitals and he could only remember one time when that 
hadn't been part of his check up; it was just something 
he associated with going to the doctor.

Today his shorts contained a carefully folded wad of 
toilet paper which was only just managing to sop up the 
flow.

Fortunately the doctor just disposed of it in her private 
bathroom and washed his skin without commenting.  It was 
bad enough trying to help girls who had "shy" mothers but 
for a boy???

"No signs of any other problems.  You were right; Now ... 
what do we do about it?"

Sue Bryant had already considered the more drastic 
options for someone in Justin's predicament and had ruled 
them out unless absolutely necessary.  She felt surgery 
was a last resort; Justin could still decide he preferred 
living as a she some time in the future.

Similarly, hormonal treatment to make his body think it 
was pregnant was fraught with dangers since it could tip 
the fragile equilibrium it had achieved into unknown 
directions.

While Justin, as far as she could tell, was coping 
psychologically with the issue there seemed little reason 
not to let nature take its feminine monthly course.  
Being realistic she went through all the options, 
weighing out the pros and cons for Justin and honestly 
telling him why she felt one or other was inappropriate.  
She had let her receptionist lock up and leave, which was 
fortunate since this would be no minor consultation.

Justin had another issue he didn't want to voice; "How 
would any action taken affect Tina?"

With no proof she existed he couldn't very well throw her 
onto the table and instead discussed how he would manage 
each month.

She discussed pads and tampons, imagining she had a naive 
girl in front of her.  It wasn't that hard to imagine as 
Justin did have the smooth facial lines and slender frame 
that would allow him to live as a girl should he ever 
choose that path.

Neither would be fun to carry around at school; he could 
imagine the reception he would get if they were 
discovered.  He supposed he could always play the 
innocent victim and demand to know who had put them in 
his kit.  It was obvious though that pads would be 
impossible to conceal in the change room - tampons would 
be bad enough.

It seemed that they were the logical choice except for 
one little thing.  Justin was a virgin.

It took him longer to raise the problem than it did for 
Sue to do something about it.

"I can give you a local if you want but if you can put up 
with two or three little snicks it probably won't feel 
any worse."

Justin trusted her and a few seconds and an "Ow!" later 
he had been physically deflowered.

"Your hymen is still there but it won't get in the way 
now.  I'll just put some cream on it to stop that 
bleeding and to help it heal but now you will just have 
to persevere until you are comfortable using the 
tampons."

It was "over and above the call of duty" but realising 
Justin really didn't have the normal sources of 
information Sue helped him insert a slender cotton 
cylinder, explaining all the does and don'ts.

"Take this packet and the cream with you and use these 
pads tonight inside a pair of underpants (she had almost 
said "panties") until your hymen settles.  If you can get 
your mother to add tampons to her shopping list from time 
to time you should only need to carry one with you.

You won't have regular dates when you start and stop for 
a while at least but you should have time to get home 
before you need to replace it.  Have your mother call me 
if she has any problems.  Okay?"

"Okay."

"Right.  Now I want you to come and see me anytime you 
need to, even if it's just for a chat or information.  
I'll let my receptionist know you can book in at the end 
of any day and don't worry about paying.  If you need to 
come earlier, just book a time like normal but it will be 
easier if we have time to talk without holding up other 
patients.

While I don't want you abusing the privilege, no skipping 
classes for the sake of it, if you need to you can always 
get a certificate from me.  Let me know if you do get 
cramps or if anything else happens."

"Thank you Doctor."

With more to think about and a great deal of gratitude, 
Justin gave her a hug and walked home where he had to 
decide just how to explain his late arrival and the 
additions to the grocery list.

Over the next four months Bernie had ample opportunity to 
support her son as he learned, as all girls do, the 
trials of becoming a woman.  It brought them even closer 
together.

-----

FRIDAY WEEK 1
=============

Justin survived menarche and, with only the merest 
hiccups, so did his mother; Dad was left in the dark.

But it wasn't only the female side of his body which was 
changing.  His male side was churning out sperm and 
testosterone and his brain was filled with erotic imagery 
as he slept.

The dream started in the middle of a sequence.  Forget 
about beginning, middle, climax and conclusions; dreams 
often start around a conclusion and then quickly roll 
back until enough of a story line can unfold to explain 
how the conclusion was reached.

A backfiring car in the street outside provides the 
gunshot for a complete Sam Spade adventure yet it must 
have been generated between perception and recognition.

Similarly the release of pent up fluids from Justin's 
rapidly maturing body provided a real climax which was 
accompanied by the wildest "naked in school" fantasy 
where he finally had the girl he found most interesting 
naked beside him; just as their bodies joined and he 
exploded her visage change to Tina's.

With a mess at his groin Justin woke only to find he had 
someone next to him.

"Mmm.  You can have dreams like that any time."

Tina's flushed face couldn't be seen in the darkness but 
Justin sensed she had achieved a similarly pleasurable 
release.  How long had she been there?

"We didn't ...?"  He half-hoped they had but then 
realised he would much prefer the reality in that case to 
the dream.

"No.  I got here just as you started to come.  I must say 
it was interesting.  It certainly felt stronger than 
mine."

She had no words to adequately describe the differences 
(try to describe sweet and sour) though she may have been 
the only woman in the history of the world to have 
experienced both sides of the coin.  It seemed an unfair 
exchange that Justin only got to find out about periods.

"Will you wait here for me?"

"I think so.  Everyone's asleep."

Justin quickly washed himself and returned with a fresh 
sheet.  He swapped them and decided he would worry about 
the damp one in the morning.

Leaving his soiled pyjamas with the sheet he covered Tina 
and climbed in next to her; their naked bodies touched.

"Can I hold you?"  Closer than anyone else could be they 
had never been particularly physical.

"I'd like that."

He put his arm around her and she snuggled into him.

"Goodnight."  He kissed the top of her head.

"Goodnight."  He felt her lips press against his chest.  
He hoped she would still be there in the morning.

SATURDAY
========

To his dismay she wasn't but it turned out that she had 
simply had to sneak off to the bathroom.  It was the 
first time she had been there but been apart from him and 
he was overjoyed both by her presence and by the hope 
that perhaps it would last.

Tina had grabbed some shorts and a baggy T-shirt for her 
foray through the quiet house and shucked them before 
slipping her naked body back between the warm sheets.

She gave him a kiss, "Good morning sleepy head", and 
rested on folded elbows next to him.  They gazed into 
each other's eyes ... and grinned.  Justin laughed and 
threw his arms around her, hugging her to him in absolute 
joy.

"Thank you for being here."

It was a Saturday so, other than having a few chores, 
Justin could do pretty much as he wanted.  He considered 
and suggested they go for a walk together where they 
could talk in private.  Each moment Tina was with him was 
precious to him since he never knew how long they had; he 
hadn't realised just how much her long absence had 
affected him.

Once again they were of one mind and Justin hurried to 
use the bathroom himself.

Tina unerringly went to his wardrobe and chose some 
clothes to wear.  Since they were the same size there was 
no difficulty and she saw nothing unusual in donning 
boxer shorts.

Though obviously girlish her chest didn't really require 
support so a T-shirt and loose sweater was ample.  Her 
hair however was significantly longer than Justin's and 
she tucked it up under a borrowed cap to keep it out of 
the way.

Justin returned and dressed in front of her as she sat 
beside him on the bed.  As he bent over she gave him a 
playful whack on the rump and then had to fight him off 
when he attacked all the places he knew to be his own 
vulnerable points.

"Enough!" she cried and when he stopped she gave him 
another big hug.  Justin stood and turned quickly, 
embarrassed now by his hardening erection but Tina hadn't 
noticed and she simply sat up again while he finished 
getting ready.

Justin knew his parents wouldn't be in a hurry to get up 
and figured they could be fed and out of there.  His 
chores could wait until later.

Knowing what too much cereal would do if Tina departed, 
Justin made one bowl and got two spoons.  Tina sprinkled 
just the right amount of sugar while he poured a glass of 
juice.  They shared both bowl and glass, taking the edge 
off their hunger without really satisfying it.

"Oh shit!"  Justin remembered his bedclothes.

At some stage in the "boy to man" talks his parents had 
mentioned nocturnal emissions as a normal occurrence as 
his body changed.  They would keep wet dreams low key to 
avoid embarrassing him provided he put the soiled objects 
in the laundry tub to soak.  If was his first time and he 
had forgotten.

He left Tina to finish off their breakfast and went back 
to his room to gather up his washing.  He had just put 
them in the trough and turned on the water when he heard 
"Hello dear, you're up early" from the kitchen.

He waited for the scream or sounds of a fainting body 
hitting the floor but all he heard was "Have you got the 
water running somewhere?"

His mother could see Tina!  It came as a relief that he 
finally had independent confirmation that he wasn't 
delusional and he was surprised that the doubt had 
floated there below his subconscious.

He came alert and turned off the tap before the water 
rose too high and rounded to see his mother's puzzled 
face.  "Justin?"

"Yes Mum?"

She turned to look down the corridor but the kitchen now 
appeared empty.

"What?"

Justin felt the sensation of fullness in his belly.  "Oh 
no!" he thought.

"Who?"  She was looking back and forth now and no 
explanation Justin could offer would make sense.

"Sorry", he indicated the trough.  "I had to change my 
sheet last night."

His mother sought the refuge of housekeeping mode.  
"That's all right.  I'll see to them later.  Thank you 
for looking after them for me."

She followed him back into the kitchen, neither really 
wanting to check it out.

"Please don't leave your clothes lying about like that 
honey."  She was sure he had been wearing the discarded 
outfit when she had come out of her bedroom.  "I must 
have still been asleep", she thought.

"Sorry Mum."  Justin gathered up the clothing and threw 
it on his bed before falling across it.  "Oh Tina!  Why 
can't you stay."  His eyes watered and he had to find a 
tissue to clear the sudden blockage in his nose.

His mother called quietly from the kitchen.  "While 
you're up why don't you get an early start on those boxes 
in the garage?  Just don't make too much noise."

"Now why did he get two spoons dirty?" she added to the 
empty room.

Justin had no reason now to put off the job so he headed 
out the back door.  He was supposed to sort through a 
mountain of old gear that had been put to one side over 
the years.  His mother had explained what she considered 
useful or of sentimental value, what could be recycled 
and what should be junked.

They didn't mind if he erred on the side of caution as 
she or his father would double check the piles as they 
loaded the trailer, but they needed to recover some space 
and at least he would have done the donkey work.

He made a start but had only looked through the first box 
when he sat down and put his head in his hands.  He 
wasn't ashamed to cry.  It was like having his 
grandmother die all over again.

"Hey, don't cry.  Things will be all right."

He couldn't believe it.  "Tina!"  He jumped up and hugged 
the naked girl.  "You're back!"

"That's bloody obvious dopey.  Can you get me some 
clothes?  It's not exactly warm here."

"Back in a sec."  Tears forgotten he rushed inside and 
gathered up the recently discarded clothing.

"Here you are."

It seemed funny, and somewhat sexy, to see a girl donning 
boxers, especially as she bent away from him to slip her 
foot in.  He resisted the impulse to return her swipe and 
once again he became aware of his penis stiffening.

"Let's get this job finished so we can play."  Justin 
couldn't agree more.

With two sets of hands, high spirits and an ability to 
discuss doubtful cases together plus a major incentive, 
the job which was expected to take a couple of hours was 
finished in around forty minutes.

With some sleight of hand to keep Tina concealed, Justin 
was able to convince his mother that the job had been 
done correctly; with an instruction not to be gone all 
day he was sent on his way with her blessing.

He had forgotten footwear for Tina and she had to make do 
with a rather bulky pair of sneakers he found in the 
garage.  They would be a bit heavy on her feet, 
thankfully the same size as his, but would look better on 
her than what he was wearing.

They made their way to the park where they strolled along 
hand in hand.  Tina had let her hair down and was now 
looking more feminine.

"How come you could come back?  I certainly wanted you 
there; and how come you didn't disappear when Mum saw 
you?"

"I'm not sure exactly.  I could sense you needed me and I 
really wanted to come.  I liked being with you rather 
than just being you and all of a sudden I was in the 
garage.  I've tried in the past but I've never seemed to 
be able to manage.  I think it's because I remember being 
me more.  Before I was only 'me' when I was here with 
you."

"But you normally disappear when Mum comes around."

"We talked about that before; it seemed to be a 
protective response but when she came into the kitchen 
and treated me like I WAS you I didn't feel threatened.  
At least until she found you as well.  I'm sorry it made 
you sad."

"That's over now.  And it wasn't your fault anyway.  We 
are like we are and there's not much we can do except to 
learn more about how we tick.  I wonder if that's it; 
you're learning more about how to get here each time you 
come."

"I could try to go and then try to come back."

"No!"  Justin clenched her hand in his.  "Maybe later but 
I don't want to risk losing you."

He thought it sounded a little clingy but he did enjoy 
her company and it had never been for long enough before.  
At least Tina was returning his grip.

Tina was as reluctant to leave him and only sought to 
test the ability she now believed she could control.

"Later sounds good enough but if I do disappear keep my 
clothes handy."

"That's for sure.  Don't forget that it's not always you 
that arrives naked.  I could suddenly find myself naked 
with you holding the spares."

Tina laughed with him at the image of a crowded mall and 
either of them in their birthday suits.

"Just hope it doesn't happen after I've been wearing a 
dress!"

Justin resolved to get a small backpack in which he could 
keep a spare set of clothes - just in case Tina dropped 
in.

He dearly wished however, regardless of the complications 
it would cause, that she never again dropped out.

"Do you think we should see what Doctor Sue can make of 
all this?  Would seeing her make you disappear?"

"I don't think so.  She's nice and we have never felt 
threatened by her before.  It would help if we could get 
someone else's ideas too and she's never betrayed our 
trust so far." 

That's true.  Even her receptionist doesn't seem to know 
our story."

The surgery wasn't far and there was an appointment free 
with only a little wait.

"Justin Rogers?"

He went in alone thinking it might be less of a shock 
than just turning up with his "twin".

"How are you today Justin?"

"Fit and healthy but I need to show you a change that has 
occurred."

"Yes?"

"You had better come with me.  It's easier to show you; 
you're only going to want to check any way."  He went to 
the familiar examination table and dropped his shorts 
before laying back on the sheet covered surface.

"Where about am I looking?"

"Can you please check whether there is anything unusual 
about my vagina Doctor."

From any other of her male patients that would have been 
a most unusual request but Justin was her most unusual 
patient.

Sue Bryant moved his balls for a clearer look then 
checked to see it was her unusual patient lying there.

"It's gone!  But ..."

"I know.  Can I get up?"

With another quick look to reassure herself, Sue turned 
away to remove her rubber gloves.

The case had been "different" before but now it was 
positively eerie.

"I assume you have kept notes over the years I have been 
coming here; can I ask you to leave this out for the 
present?"

"Can I ask why?  Well of course I will anyway but I would 
like to know.

"Please ask your receptionist to call for 'Tina'."

The doctor knew of no Tina who should have any bearing on 
this case but did as he asked.  Just before the door 
opened Justin warned her, "Please don't scare her."

She was later to think what a masterful use of reverse 
psychology.  Focussed on the girl's fear she had no time 
to be afraid herself.

Justin walked through the door again.  "Hello Dr Sue."

Sue did a double take.  Short-haired Justin patted her 
hand while long-haired Justin sat down on her other 
chair.

"I'd like you to meet Tina.  We've been companions for a 
long time but you're the first person to properly meet 
her.

He smiled lovingly at the young girl.  "You've heard 
people talk of their better halves?  Well I certainly 
can't think of a more accurate description."

"Is this some sort of joke?"

"She did examine you, didn't she?" asked Tina.

"Yes."

"And?" 

"No vagina."

Tina looked at the doctor, "A pretty good trick then, 
don't you think?  I suppose I'd better follow suit."

She stood and went to the examination table where she 
removed all her clothes and climbed up with her legs 
spread leaving both the others with a clear view.

"Don't you want the screen?"

"Believe me Doctor, I know that body like my own."  It 
was a slight exaggeration but it distracted her as he led 
her over to the table.

"You wanted to know where my vagina went?  Well I must 
admit I think it looks much nicer in Tina and she'd be a 
bit incomplete without it.

"You just don't want my periods any more!"

"If it meant having you around more I'd put up with them 
four weeks a month."

Sue felt isolated from the banter flowing around her.  
This morning her world had consisted of the known, the 
probable and the outright con; now it seemed to include 
the impossible as well.

She had seen enough to know that Tina was apparently as 
female as Justin was now male.  Sue eventually went back 
to her desk without speaking and sat looking at her 
notes.

She heard their voices behind her.

"Did you really mean that?"

"If anyone knows when I mean something you do."

The girl got up and hugged the boy, not at all concerned 
about her nakedness.

Sue could only shake her head.

Tina dressed and the teenaged couple, hand in hand, sat 
down in front of her again.

"We know it's a lot to cope with and that you probably 
won't have the right questions to ask us until you think 
things over, let alone any answers to ours.  We're sorry 
to throw this at you but you are the one person we trust 
to be at least reasonably objective about this; you've 
done a lot for us over the years, even if you did think 
it was only me."

"Mum and Dad aren't going to see having a fifteen year 
old daughter rock up as an every day occurrence", Tina 
added.

"And I have patients who discover they have fifteen year 
old twins every day?"  At least Sue was smiling.  She 
didn't know how objective she really could be; the whole 
situation was fantastic, intriguing and slightly scary 
all at once.

"Sorry again", Tina apologised.  "We didn't really know 
anyone else we felt able to talk to.  When you helped me 
with my first period you seemed to take it all so calmly 
when I was sure Mum would have freaked out."

"You were there then?"

"Tina's been with me all along.  It's only now and again 
that she has been able to be herself and that's what we 
eventually hope you can help us with."

"I'll try."  She addressed Justin, "Now at least I know 
why you wanted this off the record.  Don't worry, this 
goes way beyond what would be believed.  I don't want any 
written evidence that I'VE lost my marbles."  She smiled 
at them.

"Is that a medical term", Tina asked.  "Oh!  That reminds 
me; if Mum contacts you about hallucinating or anything 
like that you might consider placebos first."  Tina 
returned Sue's smile without further explanation.

"She's seen you?"

"Yes and No.  She thought I was Justin but I had to 
disappear."

"Disappear?"

Tina turned to Justin.  "I think it's 'later'."

Justin nodded and they stood and hugged.  "Try to hurry 
back."  He kissed her cheek.

Tina turned to the Doctor.  "It's been nice to meet you 
or rather I suppose it's nice that you have finally met 
me; I've known you for what seems like forever."

"It has been nice to meeee... Oh!"

It was as good as any stage magician could have wished 
for.  Tina was gone with only the sudden movement of her 
clothes as they dropped to the ground.

Justin started to fold them neatly, looking far sadder 
than he had been a few seconds ago.  "Would you have a 
plastic bag I can put these in please?"

It was the mundane nature of his query that broke the 
spell and Sue sought out an old shopping bag for him.

"Is Tina still there?  I mean can you talk to her?"

"She can hear what we're saying but it is as though she 
is the one hearing it.  I'm not aware of her until she 
comes along and then she remembers what has happened as 
though it was her living through it.  When we are 
together she lives my life so she knows everything that 
happens until she comes along and then we live our own 
lives.  There's one more thing you need to check."

He simply dropped his trousers where he stood and took 
her hand.  Placing it behind his balls he gently pushed 
her finger tip into the entrance of his vagina.

Showing his sadness he dressed again and simply said, "I 
can tell straight away when she goes.  I really would 
give anything to have her around all the time.  Please 
think about it and we can talk about it when you want."

"I'll do what I can but this goes beyond medicine - I may 
not have any answers."

"I know but thank you anyway."  Justin burst out crying 
and the doctor hugged him to her.  He was more than her 
patient and she would do what she could for him; for 
them.

Justin went home with his parcel leaving the receptionist 
to speculate firstly why two young teenagers were 
visiting the doctor together and secondly where the young 
girl had gotten to; when the doctor had called her next 
patient only the lad had left.  She must have missed the 
girl but she couldn't see how.

Had he gotten her into trouble and the doctor had then 
let her out the back so people had less chance to see 
them there?  But what about the alarm on the back door?  
"Oh the youth of today", she thought.

*********************************************************

