Exchange Student
My name is Sumi. I from Japan. I come to US as exchange student. I stay with family in New York for one year to go to school. They very nice but son and daughter not like me very much. I 16 and son Troy is 15, and daughter Amanda is 18. They like to pick on me and make fun of my English and because I different. Host father and mother scold them and tell them to be nice to me, so they act nice when father and mother there but every time host parents leave house they pick on me. 

One day host parents go away for whole weekend. They leave Amanda sister in charge. When they leave she say it time for me to do chores and clean kitchen. She make me do so much cleaning. Later I wash dishes in kitchen before I go to bed. I have on pajamas already for sleep. Troy whistle at me as say I have "nice round ass" for being Japanese girl. He so rude! Then after I no see him but he sneak up behind me and yell "BOO!" Then he pull my pajama pants down! He pull my underwear down too all the way down! I was so shock I drop plate on floor and it brake all over! I scream and pull my pants up but he still see me bare! He laugh so hard and say he saw my bare butt when I bend over. Sister Amanda come down asking what happen. When she see broken plate she yell at me saying I need to be more careful. I try to tell her Troy pulled my pants down but she no listen. I was so embarrass. 

Later Amanda come to me. She say sorry for yelling at me and say Troy is in basement and want to apologize and say he sorry too. She tell me to go downstairs to TV room. I go downstairs and look but I no see him anywhere in basement. Then light turn off and everything go dark. I can't see. Then I feel hands on me then my pajama pants and underwear get pulled down again! I scream and try to pull them up but someone keep pulling them down so I can't pull them up. Then I get push forward and I fall on my hands and knees. Someone pull my pants and panties away from me! Now I have no pants and I am bare! Light turn on and I see Troy and Amanda laughing and pointing at me. Troy have my pants in his hand. I am bare from stomach to feet! I cover my front with hands so embarrass! They just laugh and laugh at me then Troy grab my hands and pull them away so I can't cover. I see Amanda has camera and she start to take pictures of me all bare! Troy hold my hands so I can't cover anything and Amanda laugh and take so many pictures! They laugh and say now they have blackmail on me now! I ask what is blackmail? They say if I tell on them they make sure everyone at school get picture of me naked and make fun of me. They say kids will pick on me everyday and laugh at my bare body forever. I feel so much shame I try to cover and run away from them but they not let me go! They grab and hold me so I can't run away. They tickle me and squeeze my bare bottom and says "Oh what cute ass!" and "Oh what cute pussie!" and tickle my manko! They laugh and touch me all over my front and back side. They have so much fun being mean to me then finally let me go. I run with no pants upstairs to my room and they chase me laughing seeing my bare bottom saying "nice ass!" I lock my door but they push door open and laugh and point while I get pants on. Then they say they just joking and this is American joke only. I so mad but they say I too "sensitive" and I should calm down! 

Then next day I have to do dishes again. Later when I finish I put dishes up on shelf. Shelf high so I have to really reach up to get plates on shelf. I think I am alone in kitchen but Troy sneak up behind me and pull my pants down again! This time he squeeze my bare butt! I so shock I drop whole stack of plates on floor and they make loud noise and smash all over. Troy run away and Amanda come down and yell at me. She say I am in big trouble now. I try to tell her that Troy keep pulling my pants down but she say I am liar! 

She say now I will be punished and grab my arm. She pull me over to chair and tell me now I will get spanking. She order me to pull down my pants! I don't want to so I say why? She say this is traditional American punishment when kids are bad. I try to argue and get away so she push me down on couch and keep telling me to take pants off. I no want too so she sit on me and call for Troy to help. She sit on my back and not let me up. She tell Troy I big baby and not listen so he should take off my pants off! He laugh and sit on my lets and say "Oh yes I will I want to see her nice hiney!" Then he hook fingers into my pants and pull then down again! Troy laugh at my Mini Mouse Disney panties. He say I have little girl underwear on. They laugh and pull my panties out to see inside. They say "cute butt!" I try to fight and get away but I can't. He pull my underwear out and see my my manko too! Then Amanda say because I fight so much now they will take my panties off too and spank me all bare! I scream no but Troy hook fingers into my panties and pull them all the way down my legs! He take them away from me! They laugh and squeeze my hiney and make fun of my bare body. They say I have "nice Japanese ass" and play with my ass and touch it all over. They spank my hiney and laugh at me when I say ouch because it sting so much. They spread my hiney and tickle in-between and stick finger up in. They tickle and play with my manko too! They say if ever say anything they will use blackmail against me so I better not. 

They let me go but Amanda take my pants away and say as punishment I have to clean up broken dishes with no pants bare! They not let me go and keep pushing me down telling me to pick up broken dish mess. They laugh looking in my ass when I bend over and say they can see my pussie. They poke me with long handle of broom and try to push it in my ass when I bend over! They say I not move fast enough and hurry up or I get another spanking but next time with stick up asswhole! I move really fast and try to clean up broken dishes so fast! They laugh and I so ashamed my face turn hot and red. They keep feeling my hiney and touch my "pussie" and "asswhole" whole time till I finish! They laugh and say I probably like it! Sister laugh at Troy and say "nice boner" pointing at his pants. He have big bump in there. She say maybe I should suck on it but I run to my room all bare and embarrass again and they just laugh and laugh at me as I run. I lock door for rest of day. I hate them!