Sally and Megan: Miss Nude County Fair
by Ewong

Both girls were in awe of all the people who had cheered and congratulated them on their position of power. Neither one really knew what was ahead of them, but Sally had an idea. Having spent most of the previous day in various states of dress that often left her body scantily clad at best, Sally hoped that the same misfortune would befall her former-friend-turned-tormentor-turned-partner. Megan was embarrassed and angry for being put on display so quickly and without any fanfare whatsoever. One second, she was dressed and looking at her prey with a satisfied smile, but the next she was naked and displayed before an audience.

Both girls had gone home after taking new photos for the autograph signing events during the fair. They posed innocently next to each other at first, but as the session went on, both girls eventually found themselves wrapped in each other’s arms. A few shots featured the girls cradling each other’s bosoms. The session ended, but the girls were beat. Ms. Clarke dropped them off at their homes that night, and thankfully neither girl had to explain her naked state or being dropped off by a woman. Both girls’ parents were long asleep by then.

The following morning, Sally woke in her bed and hoped the day before was but a dream. A thought that also occurred to Megan when she opened her eyes to find she was in her own bed. However, when both girls saw they were still naked, they realized that the day before was all too real indeed. Sally threw on a robe and went downstairs for breakfast. She was greeted by her mother, who asked how her first day at work was and why she wasn’t home until late.

“Oh, Mom. It was great. I met a lot of people, got to run a couple booths, and I did such a great job, they gave me an honorary title!” Sally embellished.

“That’s great! Maybe your father and I will go down there to see you in action!”

“No, no. That’s not necessary. Plus, with you there, you might distract me from my work.”

“Alright, Sweetie. We just wanted to support you, but if you don’t need it…”

“Thanks, but I’m fine. REALLY.”

“Okay, I won’t press you any further. If you don’t want us to see what you do, that’s your business. You’re 18 after all. You could be dancing naked for all I care. I just want you to like what you do, and that you’re safe.”

“Thanks, Mom. I didn’t expect you to be so…understanding.”

“Hey, I was young once. I know what it’s like to be a young woman. Just, have a good day and be careful.”

“I will.”

Sally ate her breakfast and went upstairs to get ready for work. Not having a uniform, she wasn’t sure what to wear. She hoped she wouldn’t have to strip naked when she arrived, but knew the chances of that were pretty slim. She threw on a dress and pulled on a pair of lacy panties before slipping on her shoes. She went outside to find her bike when she remembered it was still chained to the tent at the fair. Not sure what to do, she called Ms. Clarke.

“Hi, Sally! I was just on my way to pick you up. I have Megan here with me. I’ll tell you, it was pretty difficult to get her to come out of her room let alone get into my car, but I was able to convince her.” Ms. Clarke said.

“Oh, well, how long will you be?”

Just then, a car sped around the corner and stopped in front of Sally. Ms. Clarke rolled down the passenger side window so she could talk to Sally.

“Hey, kiddo. Hop in!”

Sally was slightly taken aback at how nice Ms. Clarke was acting, only yesterday she was reprimanding her left and right, but now it seemed all her infractions were forgotten. As Sally climbed into the front, she saw Megan was in the back seat, and she was already nude! Of course, it looked like Ms. Clarke had forcibly taken her from her room and tied her hands behind her back before depositing her in the back seat. She was lying on her stomach to minimize exposure and to conceal her face in case anyone was able to look in. The trio arrived at the fair in record time and Sally was tasked with retrieving Megan from the back seat.

“No, please! Last Night was terrible enough! You can’t expect me to walk around naked today too!” Megan whined.

“Hey, I told you why. We’ve taken nude photos of you, and some show you and Sally getting mighty fresh with each other. If you want those to stay private, you’ll be a good girl and follow Sally’s example. Speaking of which, Sally, it’s time for you to change into your uniform. You can place your clothes into the locker next to the one those thieves broke into yesterday.” Ms. Clarke ordered.

Sally undressed as Ms. Clarke untied Megan’s wrists. Megan covered her body as Sally draped her “Miss Nude County Fair” sash over her shoulder. Megan whined as MS. Clarke tried to put the sash on her, but Megan finally succumbed to Ms. Clarke’s blackmail and within minutes, both girls were standing naked with only their sashes and tiaras to cover them. Ms. Clarke marched them to the stage that was used the previous night where they were given their new “job.” It was time to open the fair, and she wanted to start things as soon as possible.

“Welcome ladies and gentlemen! Those of you who were here last night must know you’re in for a treat today! For anyone who is here for the first time, you’re in for a BIG surprise! It is my pleasure to introduce to you, two lovely ladies who will surely be our most popular attraction in years, Sally and Megan, your Miss Nude County Fair honorees!” Ms. Clarke announced.

Sally and Megan were then gestured to come on stage. Both girls were wearing robes since it was early on an autumn morning. Sally’s nipples were still poking through the thin material and Megan just wanted to keep hers on. They gave their audience a small wave as they joined Ms. Clarke onstage to enormous applause.

“Come now, girls. You’re title is Miss Nude, not Miss Covered by a Robe!” Ms. Clarke said before tugging both robes off, leaving the girls bare bodies exposed to the chill air. Not to mention the hundreds of people now taking pictures and video of the two lovelies.

Megan covered her breasts to hide her hard nipples from the many people, but Sally knew the drill at this point and forced a smile on her face and tried not to shiver. Ms. Clarke saw what Megan was doing and sighed as she knew she had her work cut out for her. She tugged Megan’s arms down to her sides and ordered the girl to keep them there. Megan was apprehensive of course, but she saw how Sally was taking to this and she didn’t want to be upstaged by the bare bimbo. She realized that as long as Sally was enjoying this, she’d have to play along, but if Sally was embarrassed more than she was, Megan could steal the show and make the best out of her situation. She just needed to bide her time.

“Okay, the first event these two will be participating in is the kissing booth. Seeing as it is a bit cold out here and our girls haven’t a stitch to speak of, we’ll be holding it by the staff tents. So, for anyone who wants to pay or watch, we’ll be heading there now.” Ms. Clarke announced and promptly grabbed Megan to make sure she followed.

The two naked girls were taken back to where the tents were and saw two separate kiosks set up. Each had a picture of the girl the kiosk was meant for. Megan was on the left, Sally on the right. Small space heaters were placed behind them so the girls wouldn’t catch cold, and the tents provided shelter from the wind. Of course, their upper bodies remained somewhat exposed to the elements, and this meant their nipples were perpetually rock hard, to the enjoyment of everyone present. 

“Okay, folks! Step right up, and for the amazing low price of two dollars, you may kiss either of these lovely ladies! We only ask that you do not touch them, but they can touch you if they want. Now, please line up in an orderly fashion and pick which gal you’d like to kiss.” Explained Ms. Clarke.

In seconds, the massive amount of people separated on either side, and neither girl could see the end. Sally gulped from fear and nerves, but Megan turned beet red and sunk back a bit. As the first customers came up, each girl planted a kiss on the cheek and asked for the next person. After a few people went through, Sally saw a boy she knew from school. He was a bit of a nerd, but she had talked to him a few times. Now he was able to see her bare breasts and get a kiss from her! She took a deep breath and closed her eyes as she leaned towards his cheek. At the last second, she was surprised to feel her lips against his! The boy had turned his head at the last second and turned an innocent peck into a real kiss! She’d fallen for the oldest trick in the book! Sally pulled her head back, but it was too late. The boy cheered as he raised his arms in triumph and jogged away.

Megan saw this and laughed at her naked companion. She didn’t notice her breasts heaving, causing many in attendance to pull out their cameras and phones to record her supple flesh for posterity. The person in front of Megan was waiting for a kiss and grew impatient. Megan was engrossed in pointing and laughing at Sally that she didn’t notice the person stick their tongue in her mouth until it was too late. Megan’s eyes shot open to see who was French-Kissing her. To her utter shock and horror, she saw it was Miss Van Dyke, the Gym teacher! Megan squeaked in surprise and tried to pull away, but the woman’s teeth had Megan’s tongue trapped. Megan couldn’t stop the woman from licking her tongue and sucking on her lips. She felt so violated as she was finally let go. She was humiliated further when she saw the woman’s phone number scrawled on her naked breast. She wanted to wipe it away, but knew that would just add to the audience’s further perverted fantasies.

After an hour, the girls’ lips and tongues were getting numb and it didn’t look like the line was getting any shorter. Then they realized many of the patrons were getting back in line for another go. The found this out when Sally had to kiss Miss Van Dyke twice, but avoided her tongue both times. She told Ms. Clarke about this, but she reassured both girls that the kissing booths were only open for another half hour. As the final man approached, he gave Ms. Clarke four dollars and stated he wanted to kiss both girls. Both girls were shocked to see the man was none other than Mr. Handicoch, their principal! The forty-year-old married man greeted both Sally and Megan with a smile on his face.

“Hello, miss Shaeffer, miss Malone. It prides me to know you both have taken such an interest in our community, and I’d like to do my part to support this fair. I think I’ll take my turn with miss Malone first.”

He leaned towards Megan with his lips puckered. She wasn’t sure what she should do, the man being her principal after all. She didn’t have to kiss him on the lips if she didn’t want to, but it might reflect poorly on her permanent record. She was sure the thought occurred to Sally as well. Then, she remembered that they BOTH had to participate. If Megan went out of her comfort zone to please Mr. Handicoch, Sally would have to do the same if not more if she wanted to avoid a bad grade. Mr. Handicoch opened his eyes for a moment to see what was going on, and groaned as he pointed to his mouth to indicate what he wanted. Megan turned to Sally, then looked at Mr. Hadnicoch and leaned forward. She told herself to do what she had to and just don’t think about it. She then reached her hands out and grabbed the man’s head and pulled him in for a kiss. The man was surprised at her forwardness but went with it. Megan then forced her tongue into the man’s mouth and explored every inch before breaking it off, but she wasn’t finished. She then took hold of his head again and pushed him into her bare chest, shimmying her shoulders so her breasts jiggled under his face. After a few seconds, she finally pushed him back. 

The man was stunned to say the least and stumbled a bit as he caught his breath. Ms. Clarke was surprised at the display as she held her hands in front of her mouth. Sally stared at Megan, not believing what just happened, but realized what was now expected of her. As a look of realization filled Sally’s face, Megan just looked at her with satisfaction as she knew she couldn’t do it.

“Um, ahem. Thank you, miss Malone. Ahem. Miss Shaeffer, I believe you’re next.” Mr. Handicoch murmered.

The man repeated the same pose he did with Megan: leaning forward, lips puckered. Sally looked at Megan, still stunned at what she’d done, but knew she had to outdo her. It was a small consolation, but if she was going to degrade herself, she wanted to be the most popular girl at the fair. She reached out and grabbed his hands and put them on her breasts. She then grabbed his chin and went in for the kiss. The man had no idea what to do, but let his fingers wander as Sally invaded his mouth. His fingers found her nipples, and he was surprised at how much Sally reacted when he gave them a pinch. She responded by affectionately touching his face and then kissing him on his neck. His hands stayed glued to her full bust until she moved them lower. His eyes nearly bugged out as he felt his fingers on her bare mound. She then resumed probing his mouth with her tongue as his fingers probed her bare sex. Megan couldn’t believe her eyes as Sally thrust Mr. Handicoch’s finger into her wet hole and then bring it to his mouth to suck off her juices before ending their session.

“Oh. My. God…” was all Ms. Clarke said as Mr. Handicoch walked away slumped forward with a hand in front of his crotch, concealing the tent in his trousers.

Megan’s jaw was on the floor, not believing what she just saw. Sally posed triumphantly as she knew she’d got the better of her foe. 

“Okay, great job ladies. Let’s go to the next event…” Ms. Clarke said, half announcing to the attendees.

Sally and Megan were ushered toward the stage once again. However, they were perplexed when they saw a lone folding chair in the middle with no other furniture. An autograph signing would require a table, and a ceremony wouldn’t need only one chair. Their questions were answered soon enough.

“I trust that any small children are off on the rides or playing the various games at the fair, so only adults are present for these events? Yes? Okay, so our next event is a Pie Eating Contest. I’m sure you’re wondering why there aren’t any pies or even a table to eat them on, but in the spirit of things, we have created a new event of a more adult variety. I’m sure you’re aware that a common slang term for a woman’s vulva is a ‘cherry pie’, so our Pie Eating Contest will see which of our lovely honorees can make the other orgasm the quickest! And, as always, the first to finish is the winner! So, would one of you girls take a seat and the other will kneel before you to give you a licking you’ll never forget!” Ms. Clarke shouted.

Megan and Sally were beside themselves. They figured things were going to be embarrassing, but not degrading like this. Sally didn’t want to be the first one to lick, so she sat down. Megan cursed her poor reflexes and resigned to her fate. She knelt down and Sally parted her legs. Megan could smell Sally’s arousal and silently cursed the girl for getting off on her humiliation. She used her anger to push back her fear and began to lean forward. She let her tongue hang out and closed her eyes, anticipating the moment it would touch another girl’s privates. With only millimeters to go, both girls heard something that made them immediately relieved and embarrassed once again.

“GOT YOU! Hey, we can’t have anything that pornographic happen on public property! This is actually a photo booth. Anyone who wants a picture will sit in that chair, and you two just stand still and look pretty. Copies of the photos will be sold at the front shortly after you’re done. Now, please line up and no groups over four members please.” Ms. Clarke spoke.

Sally and Megan wanted to kill Ms. Clarke for that awful misdirection. Sally shot up out of the seat and stood on the left as Megan stood up and took her place on the right. So began another pointless event that made everyone stare at them, but this time it was immortalized in digital form. They sighed hopelessly as Miss Van Dyke came onstage and wrapped an arm around each girl when she had her picture taken, but they were surprised when Mr. Handicoch didn’t get a picture with them. Some of the adults made lewd gestures while others tried to fondle the girls. The boy from Sally’s class was too thrilled to have his picture taken with the two beautiful naked girls. He waited for the photographer to count down and when he was about to take the picture, his hands grabbed a breast on either side of him, so his picture showed him groping both girls with a huge smile on his face. The girls were mortified, but there was nothing they could do about it. It became a pretty big seller at the kiosk, even to people who didn’t know the boy. The rest of the crowd were respectful for the most part, and the girls were glad when it was over. 

“Okay, it’s now time for the girls’ lunch break, but we’ll be back in an hour for the afternoon parade! You wouldn’t want to miss this as we’re raffling off a chance to ride the float with these two beautiful naked ladies! Winners will be chosen by your admission ticket. The number on the back of your ticket will be the one to listen for. Of course, we also ask that the winners be at least 17 years of age. We will announce the winner before the parade. Good luck to you all!”

Sally and Megan left the stage at a near-run to get back to the staff area to get something to eat, and to seek cover from everyone. While the girls ate, they finally had a chance to talk to one another without Ms. Clarke interfering.

“What the hell, Sally! You went for complete slut status back there! Why didn’t you, I don’t know, show some restraint?!”

“I had to compete with you, didn’t I? That was what you wanted, isn’t it?”

“Well, I didn’t expect you to one-up me like that. Maybe we should team up and not try to outdo each other.”

“I can do that. I wasn’t sure how far you’d push me to go during the parade. I was afraid you’d make us have a three-way with the raffle winner.”

“Oh God, no! I hope we won’t be within an arm’s length of the guy much less straddle him. Okay, so…truce?”

“Truce.”

After the girls had buried the hatchet and decided to become friends, someone had ulterior motives. Ray, who was embarrassed by Megan the previous night wanted revenge. He thought Megan’s embarrassment would be enough, but she didn’t seem embarrassed at all. Outraged, he talked Judy and Shelly into creating a plan by granting them amnesty from his vengeance. As long as the girls helped him, they wouldn’t be looking forward to a similar fate. So, it was this trio that met near the staff tents and plotted their scheme.

“Okay Judy, you’ve made a hundred copies of my ticket, and Shelly, you’ve managed to replace all the tickets in the raffle bin with the copies so there’s no way that anyone else will be riding the float with Megan and Sally?” Ray asked.

“Yes.” answered both girls in unison.

“Good. Now, let’s get ready for the big moment.”

“What will you do once you’re on the float?” asked Judy.

“I am going to make sure their rides are as embarrassing as mine was.”

“How are you going to do that?” Shelly asked.

“That is where you two come in. In this bag, you’ll find two large vibrators. I want you to install them to whatever stand or seat the girls will be using on the float. They are activated by a remote that I will have concealed so that whenever during the parade, I can give them a small buzz and perhaps end the whole thing with a bang!”

“That’s your idea of humiliation?” Shelly asked, incredulous.

“That’s just part one! After their orgasms, they’ll be too weak to stand, so we’ll have to help them off the float.”

“And?” Judy asked.

“And then we’ll take them somewhere public that doesn’t have the relaxed security this place apparently does. Perhaps we take them to a church, a school, or even the mall! The possibilities are endless, and they’ll be too weak to fight it!”

“Wow, that’s pretty diabolical, Ray.” Shelly chimed in.

“Yep. Just don’t get in my way, or you’ll be joining them on their bare-ass escapade!” Ray shot back.

The girls went to work as Ms. Clarke took the stage alongside the raffle barrel. She gave it a few hearty spis before opening the hatch on the side and reaching in. As per the plan, Ray’s name was called and he made his way onto the stage.

“Congratulations, Ray! You’ll be riding the ceremonial float with two naked girls! Give him a hand, folks!” Ms. Clarke beamed.

“Don’t I know you from somewhere? You look very familiar.” The woman whispered in Ray’s ear.

“Um, I think you have me confused with somebody else…” Ray replied.

The boy’s anxiety tipped Ms. Clarke off to the fact he was the naked boy with the large erection that was tied to the haunted house carriage the previous day. She slunk away as she contemplated using this information for her own amusement, as well as the enjoyment of the attendees!

Judy and Shelly were just able to escape before anyone saw them near the float, their mission accomplished. Ray was escorted to the lone chair in the center of the float. The “float” was really just a flatbed trailer being towed by a truck, but it was made up to look like a grassy hill and even had a fake tree behind his chair. There were two rods on either side of the chair that had what looked to be bicycle seats affixed to the tops. This was where the girls were probably going to sit. As Ray examined them, he saw the seats had been recently removed and placed back almost the same way they’d been before. He took this to mean the vibrators he’d given to Judy and Shelly were in place, and he hoped they would work.

Megan and Sally hid their trepidation as they made their way to the float. When they saw Ray was to be riding with them, they almost ran. They realized there really wasn’t anywhere to run inside the fair, so they dejectedly mounted the seats. To their surprise and horror, the seats were lifted so the girls’ toes couldn’t touch the ground.

“This is a safety feature to make sure you won’t fall off the seat while the float is in motion. We couldn’t put seatbelts on your saddles like we did for Ray’s chair, so you’ll have to make do.” Ms. Clarke explained.

As the parade began, Ray felt in his pants pocket for the remote that would trigger the vibrators. He set them on low at first to see if the girls reacted. He was able to find just the right speed as the girls sat dumbfounded at their newest obstacle. They couldn’t fight the sensation and their nipples soon became erect. Megan was the first to notice the vibrations were not caused by the engine or the ride. She suspected something, but was unable to extricate herself from the seat. With her legs dangling from either side, She had no purchase to lift or slide herself from the seat. She looked over at Sally, who was just beginning to feel something was amiss. Neither girl knew what was going on, but had to endure it for the duration.

To Sally’s credit, the parade didn’t seem as bad as the previous day where she had to walk on stilts above everyone. Here, she was seated so no one could get the more vulgar angles of her body, so she was able to enjoy herself. Of course, the vibrations seemed to dampen her confidence and as her arousal grew, so did her apprehension of being ogled by so many. Megan wanted to cover her swollen nipples with every fiber of her being, but she kept her hands frozen at her sides as she didn’t want to anger Ms. Clarke. However, halfway through the parade, Ray decided to pick things up and increased the vibrations. Sally yelped as she felt the vibrations increase in magnitude and frequency. She crossed her arms over her belly to try and fight the urge to cover herself.

Both girls started to sweat from the exertion of fighting their bodies, but they were soon consumed by an intense arousal that begged for attention. Instead of fighting to cover themselves, the girls instead fought the urge to touch themselves and gratify their sexual urges. In each passing moment, the girls got closer to orgasm and the audience began to whisper among themselves and pieced together the girls’ odd behavior. Many of the adults in attendance began filming the girls as well as taking pictures with cameras and phones alike. It seemed like everyone’s hands were holding something to capture the moment. Megan closed her eyes to try to push her embarrassment to the back of her mind, but with everyone talking and commenting about their naked bodies, she couldn’t concentrate on anything other than her public nudity. Sally wasn’t fairing much better and soon the girls began to lose control.

Sally discovered an interesting sensation when she began to kick her legs in defiance of her arousal. It increased her motion on the seat, but only increased her arousal. An involuntary moan escaped her lips and Megan began to do the same thing. The girls began to massage their breasts and pinch their erect nipples as the float lurched onward. Their seats became soaked with their arousal, and only increased the sensations being transferred to their erogenous zones. As they began to moan with more vigor, the audience became incensed and began to chant either girl’s names. Sally and Megan couldn’t believe the reaction, but were beyond caring as their arousal had peaked and soon, Megan achieved orgasm. Sally didn’t last much longer afterward, and both girls rode the waves of ecstasy while Ray enjoyed the chorus of moans the girls made around him. He was thankful, for his seated position helped hide the throbbing erection in his pants as he heard the girls finish. By the time the parade ended, both girls were spent, and Ray realized he would have to deal with an erection while stepping off the float.

Of course, Shelly and Judy realized this as soon as the naked girls began to moan. Figuring Ray couldn’t leave the float in his condition, they decided to alter the plan. They ran up to Ray, who was hoping they’d help hide his “situation,” but they did quite the opposite. Judy took the duct tape they were going to use to bind the naked girls but instead bound Ray’s hands behind the chair.

“Wait, this isn’t the plan! What are you grrliigh dohingh!!” Ray said just before his mouth was taped shut.

While Judy was making sure Ray couldn’t run away, Shelly took the opportunity to recue the girls from their vibrating seats. Sally and Megan mumbled a thank-you as they laid on the floor of the float. Judy restrained Ray’s ankles to the chair and then unbuckled his pants. The boy shouted into his gag as Judy undid the button on his jeans and slid the zipper down.

“Looks like you’re going to be on show two days in a row!” Judy cooed in Ray’s ear as she took hold of the waistband of both his jeans and boxers and gave them a hefty tug.

As Ray’s erection came into view, the crowd that was originally ogling and enjoying the naked girls were now perplexed at this new development and began to laugh. The girls in attendance suddenly had something more entertaining to look at other than the nude girls and began to point and laugh at the half naked boy. People even began taking pictures of him but didn’t hesitate to share them with friends via social networking sites and blogs, whereas they respected the girls and had been keeping whatever videos and pictures they had to themselves.

Ray couldn’t believe he was once again bound naked in front of a large audience with an erection. Even though he wished his penis would become flaccid, his erection was standing at attention for all to see. He closed his eyes and prayed for a miracle, but instead he heard Ms. Clarke announce something else.

“Well, that was an interesting end to a fabulous parade! With the girls in need of a few minutes’ rest, we’ll let our lucky raffle winner share in some of their glory! Anyone is welcome to take a picture with the lucky fellow who got to ride the float with two gorgeous naked girls. Don’t be shy, folks! It doesn’t look like HE is!” Ms. Clarke beamed.

To Ray’s horror, a large crowd descended upon him. With his hands bound, he couldn’t stop people from taking pictures of his privates, nor could he prevent any curious kids or adventurous adults from stealing a touch or two. A few drunk women even gave his member a few strokes, to the amusement to their husbands or boyfriends taking their picture. Ray’s humiliation wasn’t complete until a kid dropped his nachos in his lap and tried to wash it off by pouring his soda over his crotch. The cold beverage finally calmed his blood pressure and his penis became flaccid. Unfortunately for him, this also sparked interest from a few girls, who made fun of his “tiny penis”. Ray’s face became red with embarrassment that turned to anger with their laughter. The tipping point came when the drunk girls decided to get him erect again, but not before relieving him of his pants. One girl stroked his member until it was at full mast while the other removed the tape from his ankles and proceeded to remove his pants and underwear. When he felt his legs become unhindered as well as bare, Ray’s anger escalated until his arms broke free of their bonds. He set his legs free before ripping off the tape over his mouth and letting out a roar of outrage. The girls ran away with his clothes as he ran around the fair bottomless, and his engorged erection flopping everywhere. 

Sally and Megan woke up in the staff tents, clothed in their sashes and tiaras. Ms. Clarke escorted them to the dunk tank, which was to be the next event, when Ray barreled into her. Sally and Megan rushed to her side as Ray tore through the tents. The girls tapped Ms. Clarke on the cheek to see if she was alright. Her eyes opened and let out the only thing she hoped would help.

“SECURITY!!!!!”

Two burly men in tight black t-shirts and black slacks ran after Ray and were able to end his rampage in seconds. They handcuffed him and escorted him out of the park. As he calmed down, his erection subsided and his modesty returned. He begged for something to wear, but the security guards faked an apology before releasing him and tossing him out of the fair. Ray had to run home with only his hands to cover his shame. The security guards helped Ms. Clarke to her feet and she regained her composure.

“Perhaps having naked girls at the fair wasn’t such a good idea. If this is the chaos it creates, I understand why the creators hadn’t implemented something like this before. I owe you girls an apology. Neither of you agreed to this. I coerced you into following my orders because of the mob mentality. I’m sorry, girls. I hope you’ll forgive me.” Ms. Clarke said.

Megan and Sally whispered to each other and giggled before turning back t answer Ms. Clarke.

“We’ll forgive you if you do one last thing.” Sally offered.

“Yes! Anything to make this right!”

“Okay, then…” Megan began, as she removed her tiara and placed it on Ms. Clarke’s head.

“Oh, girls. I knew you’d make me a princess!” Ms. Clarke beamed.

“Not exactly…” Sally returned.

“Wait…you don’t mean…?” Ms. Clarke asked, but the girls just gave her nod.

Ten minutes later, Megan and Sally were dressed and stood in front of the dunk tank.

“Ladies and gentlemen! Step right up, and try your luck! Dunk Ms. Nude County Fair! Only five dollars for three tries!” Sally and Megan chanted in unison.

The girls motioned to the top of the tank, where Ms. Clarke sat, wearing only a tiara and a sash. Her naked body shivered in the evening air, the woman was in her early thirties, so she was still trim and had a sexy figure. She just didn’t count on baring all today. As the crowd of on-lookers ogled her body, an attractive blush covered her body from her head to her toes. She couldn’t help but be embarrassed sitting above everyone else essentially naked. She just hoped someone would dunk her so she wouldn’t have to see everyone.

A line of people arrived quickly to try and dunk the helpless woman. Many people: men, woman, and children tried their luck, but a few got close. Ms. Clarke was getting anxious as she grew more and more paranoid of falling into the water. She anticipated it with every throw, until the fair was about to close. Sally and Megan wanted the woman to be dunked, so they each took a few balls and began to throw. On the third try, Megan’s ball connected and Ms. Clarke fell from her perch. As the naked woman spluttered as she regained her footing, Sally and Megan couldn’t help but laugh. Every time she was about to sit on the pedestal, one of the girls would throw a ball and dunk the woman again and again. When only the three of them were left, the girls let Ms. Clarke out of the tank and dry off. 

“I hope this means we’re on good terms now?” The naked woman asked.

“I just think one last task ought to do it.” Megan said.

The girls escorted Ms. Clarke to a very familiar tent. She was positioned in front of a green screen and she realized what they wanted.

“Oh, come on! You didn’t say you were gonna take pictures!” Ms. Clarke whined.

“But that’s part of the duty of Ms. Nude County Fair!” Sally shot back.

The girls made her pose in the same types of pictures they had been made to do before making her take off the tiara and sash.

“Since we’ve got a green screen, let’s use it to our advantage.” Megan suggested.

The girls made Ms. Clarke pose according to whatever background they found. One was a public pool, another was in a forest, yet another was a circus, but the final one was special.

“I think we should make a special one for the three of us to have forever.” Sally said.

So, Megan and Sally removed their clothes before standing alongside Ms. Clarke. The camera’s timer clicked until all three naked girls were immortalized in an image that had them all standing naked in front of the County Fair in broad daylight, with the words “Welcome to the County Fair” scrawled above their heads.

“I’m sure we’ll treasure this experience forever.” Megan said, as she showed Ms. Clarke the picture.

“Does this mean you’re never gonna work for the fair again?” Ms. Clarke asked.

“I’m pretty sure I’m not, and for your sake, I hope you don’t either.” Sally replied.

“Yeah. None of us want more of those naked photos to show up, right?” Megan asked Ms. Clarke.

“Um, right. No naked photos floating around. Got it.” MS. Clarke replied.

Since Megan had arrived naked, she wore Ms. Clarke’s clothes and Sally wore her own. This left Ms. Clarke with a choice. She could either brave the drive home alone, naked, or she could throw her life in the mercy of the two girls. Not knowing if she could even get back into her home without being seen, she figured she’d have a better chance if she went home with one of the girls  and got something to wear.

“Oh, you picked me up this morning, so it only seems fair that you drop me off as well. If you want to spend the night, you may.” Megan offered.

Ms. Clarke didn’t have much to think and quickly agreed. As Sally bid the two girls good bye, she hoped their adventures would continue even though she was sure hers was over.

The End

