T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 34

I felt like every outdoor light in the neighborhood, was shining on me, as I waited for Becky to join me. She was taking here sweet old time, talking with James, as I waited by the door. As I became more unsettled about my precarious situation, I heard the sound of a vehicle, then watched as the headlights rounded the corner of the driveway, and shined directly on me.

I could here hip hop music coming from the car, as I struggled with the notion, of covering my tits and pussy with my hands, for the second time this weekend. I could not see who was in the vehicle, only the bright headlights, that were shining on me, as Becky seemed oblivious to my humiliating state of affairs.

Finally, Becky said goodbye to James, as he drove off. I looked to her for some assistance, to help alleviate my humiliating condition. In stead, I heard, "Hey Kevin. Hey Lance. Ready to go to work?", as their headlights continued to illuminate my naked body.

At last, the car engine, hip hop music, and most importantly, the headlights, were turned off. The two men, in their mid-twenties, exited the car. I gasped when I saw them, by the brightness of the house spotlight. Both men were black, and already dressed in their "So Called" uniforms. Similar to Andre's physique, they were stunning.

I became disheartened, as I felt misled, concerning what the male servers would be wearing. Both men had bow ties, waist length vests, men's bikini briefs, (not thongs), shoes and matching Stetson hats, all in white, not black, as I had been told. Becky called to me, to come meet the two men, I would be serving with.

I summoned the courage to walk across the rear driveway area, wearing nothing but my sandals. Becky said, "Kevin. Lance. This is my friend Kelly", as she put her arm around me. Both men smiled, and said, "Nice to meet you Kelly". I replied, "You too", as I felt more exposed, than you can possibly imagine. Before I had a chance to question what I had been told last night, Becky jumped in and gave me an explanation.

"Kelly. Kevin and Lance are replacements for the two guys that were supposed to work the party. Obviously the colors of the attire, were changed from black to white, to accent their beautiful black skin". She then turned to the men, and continued, "Kelly was supposed to wear high heels and a bow tie, but she doesn't do heels". I could not have felt more abashed.

"Well. Let's get inside, and get ready for work", Becky said. I followed her, with Kevin and Lance behind me. We entered the rear door, that led to a huge, fully stocked kitchen. I became uneasy when I saw three women, dressed in eighteenth century cooking attire. The oldest of the three, just shook her head, while muttering. "Alice strikes again". Knowing the three women were going to see me, as I returned to the kitchen to refill champagne glasses and hors d' oeuvres trays, was daunting.

Within seconds, Alice and Blanch walked in to greet us. I had held my own with Alice at the pub the night before, but I was feeling extremely intimidated in my present surroundings. Kelly! I see you located your uniform", as she, Blanch and the others, had a good laugh, at my expense.

I just smiled, having no idea how to react. Alice looked at my sandals, and said, "Those won't do". Becky chimed in, and said, "Alice. Like me, Kelly doesn't do well in high heels". Blanch spoke up, and said to me, "Well Kelly, you're welcome go barefoot, and I don't think you'll need the bowtie either. No reason to clutter up your appearance". I removed my sandals, then put them by the rear door, knowing I was going to be truly naked for the 18th century gala.

The cold tile floor beneath my feet, was a constant reminder of my nakedness, in the presence of Alice, Blanch, Becky, and the five total strangers. I wanted to complain that Kevin and Lance, had relatively suitable clothing for the event, while I was completely naked. I thought better of the idea, knowing it would only lead to a reprimand and ridicule from Alice, since I knew in advance, that I would be serving the guest in the nude.

Alice announced, "Before I show you where you'll be stationed for the evening, I want everyone to look at Kelly's vagina". My eyes grew in horror, as she continued. "Forgetting her enormous nipples, and spectacular buttocks, if you focus just on her clean shaven pussy and tiny slit, you'll see she looks about twelve years old. Don't you agree?"

Just when I felt I would die of embarrassment, Alice led me to the butcher block prep table, then instructed me to bend over and lean on the table. I asked, "Why?" She replied, "Just do it and spread your legs open". Again I asked, "Why?" "Kelly! We need to make sure you didn't miss any stubble, when you shaved your pubic hair off".

I don't know why, but I did as instructed. Kevin immediately laid on the immaculate kitchen floor, and slid between my legs, looking up at my quivering pussy lips. Before I could object, Alice asked, "Kevin. Is she clean from that perspective?" Kevin replied, "I couldn't have done a better job myself, Alice". The expressions on the faces of the three kitchen workers was priceless. They were in as much disbelief, as I was, about the impromptu vaginal inspection.

Standing there naked, while everyone closely inspected the results of my personal grooming, was the most humiliating experience of my life. Yet, I could not deny the arousal that ensued. I turned to Becky for some reassurance, when she whispered in my ear, "Don't worry Kelly. Kevin and Lance are an item". Finding out the two men were gay, was a relief, believe it or not. Knowing they were not going to spend the entire evening trying to get between my legs, was somehow reassuring.


T-shirt for sale. Part 35

The degrading pubic hair (or lack there of) inspection was continuing, when Blanch finally said, "O.K. That's enough! Alice! What's wrong with you?", she asked. Alice, along with everyone else, just giggled. Blanch continued, "Come on Kelly. I'll show you around".

As Blanch gave me the tour of the exquisite home, she took the opportunity to tell me something in private. "Kelly. Alice has really taken a shine to you. So have I, for that matter. She wouldn't tease you, if she didn't like you. I think you remind her of herself, at that age. She built a successful business, but never stopped being herself".

"When we saw you serving drinks, naked, in the pub last night, she said to me, "Remember how I used to do shit like that, Blanch? When I had a body people wanted to see, that is?" We both chuckled. "Kelly. Alice has liked you from the start, especially when you gave her shit back, last night. And trust me. She's a good friend to have". It meant a lot to me for Blanch to tell me that.

I looked around at the magnificent home. Blanch and I had walked through a large formal dining room, adjacent to an equally large living room. The formal entrance came complete with a spiral staircase, leading to the upper floors. The room where Blanch had let me in on Alice's feelings toward me, was huge.

At least six hundred square feet, it had a grand piano in the corner, with chairs set up for the guest, spread out around a small round table, with a table cloth that went down to the floor. Only a vase with flowers was sitting in the center of it. I assumed it would be where the food would be laid out. I would later find out how wrong I was.

Alice, Becky, Kevin and Lance joined us in the great room. Alice had given the three name tags, that were pinned to the men's vests and Becky's dress. She then pulled me to the side and said, "Kelly. I bought you a little gift. I didn't want you to be completely naked all evening, so I got you this", as she handed me a small box. My heart melted as I started to open the box, thinking it was a thong, scarf, or anything to help cover my shame.

My heart then fell, as I pulled out a 24 karat gold chain, with a small medallion, that read, "SLUT". I looked at Alice and said, "I can't wear this". She replied, "Sure you can. And you'll wear it with pride", as she stepped behind me and put it around my neck, clasping the chain. She turned me around, looked at the necklace, then said, "Perfect", as my eyes were begging her, not to make me wear it in front of the thirty Victorian outfitted guests.

Blanch walked up, looked at my necklace, and said, "Alice! It's just like yours". Alice nodded, as she pulled out the same exact necklace from under her top, to show me. "See Kelly. Wear it with pride. I do". Still anxious about wearing the necklace, the front door opened. Four men and two women musicians, dressed in tuxedos, walked in.

Blanch said, "Hello Maurice. You can set up over there, as she pointed to the far end of the great room. Maurice stood there, holding a violin case and sheet music stand, staring at my naked body. The other musicians were all gawking at me, too. I was mortified, as I waited for someone to say something. Anything! The twenty or so seconds, under the scrutiny of the well dressed group, seemed like an hour.

Finally, Alice said, "This is Kelly. She's naked. Now go set up over there. The guests will be here in forty minutes". It was obvious, that none of the musicians were expecting to see a fully nude girl, at the party. That made me wonder, if the guests knew I would be serving them, in the nude. Blanch and Alice excused themselves, so they could go upstairs and put on their Victorian costumes, leaving me naked with the other servers and six musicians.

I was trapped. If I went into the kitchen, the three women were there. Kevin and Lance were walking around the living and dining areas. The great room had a band setting up at one end. There was no where to hide my nakedness and shame. I felt more exposed now, than when I was walking around naked, in front of hundreds of people in the middle of a public street. The more closed in I felt, the more moist my pussy was becoming. My new necklace was accurate. "SLUT".



T-shirt for sale. Part 36

With nowhere to hide, and Becky busy setting up the bar, I spent the excruciating remaining half hour until the guests started to arrive, avoiding the dirty looks from the female musicians, along with the childish snickering, coming from Kevin and Lance.

As I stood in the grand foyer, at the foot of the spiral staircase, I felt small. I probably wouldn't have felt so small, if I wasn't so naked. The cold tile floors were a constant reminder of my nudity. The anticipation of the upcoming arrival of guests, was agonizing, as I was continuing to ask myself, "Why are you doing this? Why are you naked?"

I had no answer, but realized it hadn't taken much convincing to get me into these incredibly humiliating situations. I was about to have another reason to question my behavior. While standing alone in the foyer, the front door opened, and in walked a man in his seventies, dressed in a tuxedo. I just froze where I stood, as he looked over my naked body.

"You must be Kelly", he said, as he held out his hand, to shake mine. I just shook my head "Yes", unable to utter a word. I reached out to shake his hand, as he said, "My name is Earl. I will be the door man for the evening". "A door man ? Are you shitting me?", I thought to myself. It was as if there were no end to the cast of characters, assembled to witness my public indignity.

As I stood there shaking his hand, things were about to go from bad, to worse. Earl was inspecting my naked form, but focused mostly on my erect, and now sore, nipples. I could have died, when I saw a little pup tent, spring up from his crotch. Eeewww!, was all I could think, as I pulled back my hand, from the dirty old man.

Standing there, as Earl made no attempt at being discreet, and continued to survey every inch of my naked anatomy, I was unable to move. No more words were spoken. He just stood there and looked me over, and for some reason, I just stood there, and let him.

Finally, Becky rounded the corner and took a good look at us. She noticed the rise in the old man's pants, and said, "Earl! Put that thing away before you hurt yourself". She took my hand, saying, "Kelly. You stay with me until the party begins, as she pulled me to the bar area, away from the smiling, dirty old man.

I spent the next twenty five minutes, hanging with Becky, as she completed chilling the bottles of champagne. With only five minutes until 8:00, Alice and Blanch, reemerged, wearing their 18th century English attire. Blanch looked exquisite in her large, colorful gown. Alice, of course, was dressed in male regalia, from the period. They were so cute together, I almost forgot, I 'Had' nothing to wear.

My short hiatus from the constant embarrassment of the last hour, quickly came to an end. Alice called Kevin and Lance, then announced, "You three servers will stand with Blanch and I, while we greet our guests. So let's take our places". An overwhelming feeling of trepidation came over me, as we were led to the foyer, and the front entrance to the large home.

Alice continued, "Lance and Kevin. You each take a position on the outside of Blanch and I, while Kelly will stand between us". My heart started pounding, as I realized I would be center stage, for the grand welcoming. Not once all weekend, did I feel so inappropriately dressed, (if you could call it that), and absolutely apprehensive, as Earl opened the door, for the first guests. "Smiles everyone", Blanch said, adding to my feelings of dread.

The first female guest to enter the foyer, through the now open large double doors, approached us. Dressed in an elaborate gown from the period, she greeted Alice and Blanch, while never taking her eyes off me. Shen then removed her mask, that was attached to a stick type handle, leaned in and read the word "SLUT" on my necklace. She turned to Alice, and asked, "Relative of yours?"

Alice replied, "Kelly is like family to us, Irene. So behave yourself". The woman looked at me and said, "Nice to meet you, Kelly", as she made her way to the great room to our left. Seeing the long line of extravagantly dressed guests, along with the many cars lined up in the driveway, was truly intimidating.

Alice and Blanch slid their arms in mine. I wasn't sure if it was to keep me from covering my shame, or to help stiffen my spine, through the daunting challenge of keeping my composure, under such strain. One by one the guests greeted Alice and Blanch, while practically ignoring Kevin and Lance. Alice had positioned me perfectly, if exposing me to such a demeaning ordeal, was her intention.

It took almost a full half hour, until all the guests had been greeted, and made their way to the great room. Kevin and Lance commenced in serving champagne to the guests, while Becky was busy at the bar. The band had started playing soft music, while Alice and Blanch, paraded me through the three main rooms on the first level of the home, ensuring everyone had seen my naked body, from every angle.

I must admit, it was a bit reassuring that the two women wanted me to be completely exposed to their guest, while never leaving me vulnerable to ridicule. It was obvious that Alice was not only wealthy, but powerful too. I was actually starting to enjoy being exhibited, to not only the guests, but band members and additional staff, as well.


T-shirt for sale. Part 37

I kept wondering why I wasn't helping the others serve the guests, until Blanch asked me, "Kelly dear. Would you mind grabbing a tray of hors d'oeuvres from the kitchen, and offering them to our guests?" I knew going into the kitchen, with the three women, would be a bit intimidating, but felt I could handle it. Knowing this was the reason, I was here in the first place, I replied, "Sure" and headed for the kitchen.

I walked through the dining room, and into the kitchen. When inside, I saw the three women working tirelessly, preparing the different courses of the menu. I walked up to a table with several serving trays on it, and asked, "Are these the hors d'oeuvres I'm supposed to be serving?" The older woman's response would make me feel so dirty and cheap.

"Unless you expect them all to eat your pussy", she replied, giving me a look, while the other two women started laughing. I know Alice and Blanch stayed with me for a while, to keep me feeling protected from ridicule, but this woman's response undid any feeling of security, I might have had.

Afraid I might break out in tears, I desperately tried to summon any remaining shred of dignity, I may have had. I took a deep breath, then turned to face the woman. "Sorry. No one at this party could afford that", I replied, knowing there were mostly millionaires at the party. I picked up a tray, and returned to the party, where I felt more comfortable.

For the next hour and a half, I returned to the kitchen many times, picking up the next culinary treats to serve to the guests. Not another word of ridicule was directed at me. That's when Blanch took my hand and said, "Kelly. Take a break. Let's get some air", as she walked me out the kitchen door, to the rear of the house.

We sat on the concrete step outside the kitchen door. The rough surface against my bare ass, was yet another reminder of my nakedness. Blanch recognized I was a bit uncomfortable, being naked outside, and said. "Relax Kelly. Not even the chief of police, or the mayor of San Francisco, would approach you at this house". That's when she told me how she and Alice had met.

"Kelly. You remind Alice, and me, of her at your age. We met in our mid to late twenties, and we've been together since we were about thirty years old. Back in those days, I would attend a party, and there she would be. Stark naked! Handing out bottles of beer to the other party goers. For two or three years, I would run into her at different parties and events, and she would always be topless or completely naked".

Blanch continued her story. "I constantly wondered why Alice continued to behave in that manner. I finally asked her, "Alice. Why are you always taking off your clothes in public?" Her response was priceless. "Blanch! I wouldn't have to get naked, if someone else would! But nobody ever does!" That was the moment I fell in love with her, regardless of the crazy shit, she would pull", she said.

I was able to hold back my tears, when the older woman in the kitchen, insulted me, but not this time. I was so touched by Blanch's recollection of her early days with Alice, and their obvious love and affection toward each other now, I started getting teary eyed. She put her arm around me, and said, "I see that kind of longevity for you, and someone else I know".

I immediately thought of Becky. I knew this woman for barely twenty four hours, but she never left my thoughts. I felt comfortable and secure when I was with Becky. Not only because I had my first lesbian experience with her, but because of how I felt about our short time together. Not only was she not judging me, but she was supporting me, and my "Only One Naked" adventures.

Blanch said, "O.k. Kelly. Turn off the water works", as I saw her eyes were also welled up with tears. I knew she was thinking about her and Alice, and their years together. We both dried our eyes, stood up, then hugged, before walking back into the kitchen.

Being escorted by Blanch through the house, eliminated any possibility of contempt from those we would pass. Blanch said, as we made our way to the great room, "Kelly. Remember this. The only difference between you and Alice, is that Alice can be an asshole". We were both laughing, as we entered the great room.

By now it was after 10:30 pm, and I was almost feeling disappointed that my public nudity, had less than an hour and a half left. That was until Alice called me over to the grand piano. The guests were dancing to the band music, or enjoying their drinks, while conversing with those around them. "Kelly, dear", Alice said, while standing next to an old man in a wheel chair, (a new addition to the party), "Would you do me a favor?", she asked.

"My close friend Alfred here, is celebrating his 90th birthday. He was wondering if she could see the inside of your vagina?" Shocked! I asked, "WHAT!", as the sweet old man looked at me, with eagerness written all over his face. "It's his 90th birthday Kelly", Alice said, with a look of empathy, for the old man, on her face.

I looked at Alice with total trepidation, and said, "You're kidding. Right?" She responded, "What would it hurt, to let an old man feel young again, if only for a minute? I wouldn't ask, if Alfred wasn't such a close friend. The poor old soul hasn't seen the inside of a vagina, for over a quarter century". I hesitated, having no idea how to respond to the incredible request.

I looked at the old man's expression of anticipation, turned around, leaned over and placed my forearms on the piano. I then spread my legs, and buried my face into the wood of the piano, between my forearms, totally disgraced.

That's when I heard Alice say, "Becky. Can you give us a hand here?" Becky replied, "Sure", as she knelt next to my right leg, and proceeded to peel back my pussy lips, exposing my inner vaginal region to the old man, along with all those gathering around the public debacle. I kept my face buried into the piano, allowing Alfred to see inside my most private area.

When Becky opened my pussy lips even further, I flinched. "SMACK", came a slap on my ass from Alice. Before she could say, "Hold still", I made the egregious mistake, of letting out a moan, instead of a squeal or screech. The tone of the rest of the evening changed, as Alice, picked up on my faux pas.


T-shirt for sale. Part 38

I was so ashamed, that while being bent over naked, with so many people looking into my vaginal cavity, a smack on my ass, would be the spark that led to my complete, and total public debauchery. Still burying my face, I heard Alice ask, "Does our little "SLUT", like to be spanked?" I whimpered, "No", as the second "SLAP" across my ass, stimulated me even more. It made me realize, how much I was learning about my deepest, most inner desires. I was helpless, as I let out another moan.

"SLAP", came the third stroke across my bare ass, as I felt the unmistakable arousal, of an upcoming orgasm. Trying to focus on anything, but my humiliating public spanking, I was powerless against my inner urges. "SLAP" came the fourth stroke. I had lost total control of my body, as the fifth "SLAP", brought me to climax.

Compared to the orgasms, I had at the hands of Becky and Liz, the night before, this orgasm was more like the ones, I was used to having at home. All I could do was hope, no one noticed. "OMG!", Becky exclaimed. "Kelly! You just had a mini orgasm!", as I felt the gooey substance travel across my left pussy lip, and down my left inner thigh.

"Everyone! Come look!", Becky said, as I continued to bury my face in the piano, as if that might somehow reduce the indignity of the entire sorted affair. A woman from the party looked at the cum running down my leg, and asked, "That's a mini orgasm?" Becky replied, "Oh yeah. Trust me. Kelly can cum in buckets!

Becky continued talking, as I remained in the most degrading position possible. "You wouldn't believe the volume of cum that poured out of this tiny pussy, when I masturbated her, in the pool room of my pub last night", she said, to the attentive guests. Knowing Alfred had a eye level view, of my wide open pussy, made the depths of my abasement, that much deeper. There was no place to hide.

Still hiding my face, from those who had assembled around my mortifying public exhibition, I was hoping some relief from this utter humiliation, would soon follow. That was not to be the case. Hearing all the comments from the onlookers, was both emotional torture, yet sexually indulging. It was then that I heard Alice ask Becky.

"Becky, is Kelly in need of some additional relief ?" Becky replied, "This much I know. This girl has much more inside her, than has been released". With that, Alice instructed Kevin and Lance to lift up, the round table in the center of the room, and place it in the open corner, near the grand piano.

I warily raised my head, and turned to my left. That's when I laid my eyes on the "Sybian saddle", positioned in the center of the room. I became overwhelmed with both trepidation and sensual curiosity. I had seen them on the internet, and privately fantasized about riding one, but never did I fantasize about riding one, in front of so many formally dressed people.

Still bent over the piano, with my legs spread wide open, with cum dripping down my inner left thigh, I knew I had to decline any invitation to ride the mechanical device. No matter how much my sexual urges were leaning towards riding the beast, I was unable to convince myself to experiment, amid so many clothed people. Especially so many people wearing masks.

Unable to see their faces, became a road block to me experiencing this most salacious of activities. I stood up. then turned to Alice, and said, "Alice. I can't do this". "Oh sure you can sweetie. Just ride the pony", she replied, as she led the guests in a chant. "Kelly ride the pony! Kelly ride the pony! Kelly ride the pony!"

As the volume of the chants increased, Alice and Becky, led me to the erotic apparatus. My eyes were pleading for an intermission, but none was to come. Becky eagerly took a position at the front of the saddle, then picked up the controls, as she winked at me. All through my mind, ran thoughts of how I was being used and degraded, for the entertainment of the audience.

As if knowing my thoughts, Blanch looked at me, and whispered, "It's for your entertainment, Kelly. Enjoy it". Every fiber of my being, said don't do it, but I was unable to resist. I straddled the Sybian saddle, as Becky looked up and me, and said, "Have a seat dirty girl". Not knowing why I was doing it, I lowered myself, and placed my pussy on the vibrating pad, of the Sybian saddle.


T-shirt for sale. Part 39

It doesn't take an Einstein to realize that nobody has a Sybian saddle, hidden under a table in their great room, by chance. Whether this degrading public event was orchestrated for my sake, or just preparation, in the event that Alice would be able to convince someone else, to demean themselves publically, was a mystery to me. All I know, is I was positioning myself, for my very first Sybian saddle experience, in front of dozens of clothed people, as Becky was holding the controls, unable to keep from smiling in anticipation.

I kept my focus on Becky, since many of the guests were still wearing their masks. I found that not being able to read their expressions, could be unsettling. "Are you ready Dirty Girl?", Becky asked. I simply nodded, "Yes". The sound of the motor was being drowned out by the voices of the guests, and the soft music coming from the band.

The stimulation was intense, as I watched Becky work the control knob. She started on low, allowing me to become familiar with the sensation. "You Go Kelly! Ride that thing!", came a call from someone in the crowd, as I felt Becky increase the vibration level. Unable to stop the urge to gyrate, many in the crowd started cheering, as I started actively ridding the saddle. I had passed the point of no return.

Becky had worked the control knob up to high, as I worked my clit back and forth, on the padded surface, desperately trying to achieve climax. Now covered in sweat and panting like a dog, as my public debauchery continued, Becky asked, "Kelly. Can you cum?" I replied, "I'm trying", as I feverishly pushed my pussy against vibrating saddle.

Still looking down, as I worked to have an orgasm, I heard Blanch say, "Becky. You need to give this poor girl some relief". Becky turned off the machine, walked behind me and lifted me up from under my arms, saying, "Come on Dirty Girl", as she gently laid me out of the floor. Before I knew what was happening, she had spread my legs wipe open and inserted two fingers into my slot.

Within seconds, her magic fingers had me on the edge of climax. She leaned over and asked, "Does my "Dirty Girl" want to cum?" I whispered, "Yes". "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!", was her reply. I yelled out, "YES!", as she kept me on edge. "Ask me nicely", she responded. "Becky. Please make me cum", I asked, while begging her with my eyes. "WE CAN'T HEAR YOU!", members of the crowd called out simultaneously, as Becky knew she was only seconds away from bringing me to another massive orgasm.

"BECKY! PLEASE MAKE ME CUM!", I screamed, as my back arched, and a monumental flow of my pussy juice, started pouring out from between my legs, as I squealed, "AAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!", then became completely limp, and collapsed, right there on the floor. The crowd started roaring, as Becky had captured most of the sticky fluid, then spread it all over my torso, cheeks, and through my hair, as she had done the night before.

I just laid there, as everyone stared at me, not even having the energy to close my wide open legs. I was relieved that Alice had a strict rule for her parties. No phones and no photos. I guess this was intended to protect the identities of the wealthy guests in attendance. All I know, is that I was glad I didn't have to go through the indignity of knowing my public spectacle was recorded or photographed.

Becky leaned over me and whispered, "You know I'm falling for you Dirty Girl". She then kissed me. I kissed her back, and asked, "Can we go home now?", meaning to her apartment. She grinned and replied, "Not yet, honey. We have an hour left, and you have your many fans to attend to".

Still laying there, with my legs spread open, and my swollen pink pussy on display, I asked her, "Please don't leave me Becky". "Not on your life sweet thing", was her reply, as she helped me to my feet, to the applause of the Alice, Blanch and their guests.

Blanch asked, "Becky. Would you be a dear and get Kelly a drink? She looks like she could use something a little stronger than champagne". Becky replied, "I'll make her an extra strong, Long Island iced tea". As Becky went to make my drink, Alice and Blanch told me to relax and have a seat. I sat my bare ass in a chair, finally having the strength to close my legs. "Oh that won't do", Alice said, as she spread them open again.

I anxiously waited for Becky to return with my drink, as all eyes were on my swollen pink pussy. I could not have felt more trashy and cheap, when a woman approached, looked at my crotch, and said, "Your pussy looks very red and tender. Is it?" I just looked down, bit my lower lip, and nodded, "Yes". Thankfully, Becky arrived with my drink. I took a big gulp, as I was happy she took a place standing next to me.

When I felt I could no longer endure my public debasement, another woman walked up, and asked, "Do you girls do other parties?", as she looked and Becky and I. I took another big gulp of my drink, as I heard Becky reply, "I'm sure we could work something out". I was sitting in a room with almost forty finely dressed people, including the band, sweet old Alfred and creepy Earl, totally naked with my legs spread wide open, as a woman was asking Becky and I to repeat the degrading event.

I quickly finished the drink, then handed the empty glass to Becky, desperately needing a refill. Several other guests, both men and women, stepped up from their place in line, to ask me how I felt, what was it like, or to just gaze at my naked, sweaty, cum covered body. Becky arrived with my second drink, when a man in full regalia, including powdered wig, looked down on me.

The man suddenly turned to the crowd, raised his glass, and said, "Let's have another round of applause for "Buckets". As the others started calling out, "Three Cheers For Buckets!", I looked at Becky with daggers in my eyes. She just laughed, and said, "What? I was only describing your orgasm. I didn't know they would give you a nickname".


T-shirt for sale. Part 40



