It’s nearing four o’clock when Vincent finally leads Sam back aboveground, and he invites him to stay for dinner, considering the late hour. Sam begs off with the excuse that he wants to wash and change before tonight and Vincent lets him go with a smile and a wave. Sam spends the ride back replaying the afternoon’s fights in his head, but what his mind keeps circling around to, as always, is Dean.

God, the way he moved.

Sam thought he understood the difference between normal berserkers and his brother before, but he knows now that he was just fooling himself. He had no fucking clue what Dean was capable of. Which begs the question yet again: why change the ritual? It doesn’t make any sense.

When the limo finally pulls up in front of the Bellagio, Sam bounds out and all but dashes through the lobby. He needs to call Bobby and pick his brain: find out if the man can think of a reason for the change. He fidgets the entire elevator ride up. He’s so goddamned close to whatever’s been bugging him about the mess: the answer clumsy and annoying at the tip of his tongue.

Turns out he doesn’t need to call Bobby at all because the man is already in the suite with Bela, both of them sharing the couch and hunched over Bela’s laptop. Seeing Bobby willingly pressed that close to Bela makes Sam stumble to a stop. He stares at them, uncomprehending, and calls, “Hey.”

Bela just waves a hand over her head, but Bobby twists around to look at Sam and says, “That squirrelly son of a bitch came through.”

Suddenly their closeness doesn’t seem that strange at all.

Sam hurries over to the couch and leans over the back to peer at the screen. “What’re we looking at?” he asks.

“Blueprints.” The ‘moron’ is implied in the tone of Bela’s voice.

Sam’s too relieved that Ash’s plan actually worked to be bothered. “I can see that,” he says dryly. “What level?” Then he catches the label sub kitchen 1 on one of the rooms on the screen and continues, “Never mind, I figured it out. Go down to eight: everything above that I’ve seen.”

“And?” Bobby prods.

“You can look it over later, but I’m pretty sure we’ll end up bypassing it. They’re keeping Dean somewhere on the lowest levels.” He stretches forward and is able—barely—to reach the keyboard. Ash sent everything neatly labeled, and when Sam clicks on the file titled Blueprint L8, it comes up immediately.

As he tries to make sense of the boxes and lines on the screen, Bela says, “I assume it went well, then?”

“I didn’t try to strangle Vincent, if that’s what you’re asking,” Sam responds absently, and then, “This is some kind of barracks, I think. Either of you know what the squiggly lines are?”

The lines he’s talking about run through most of what he assumes are doors, and as he points at one Bobby reaches for the keyboard himself.

“Kid sent a key,” he mutters. He scrolls through the files until he finds the one he wants and then opens it. The squiggly lines turn out to be the symbol for electronic locks, and Sam’s head fills with images stolen from a hundred prison break movies that he watched with his brother.

“You think he’s got Dean there?” Bobby asks.

“No,” Sam answers.

“Any particular reason why not?”

Because the rest of the fighters are scared shitless of him and if they tried putting him in with them, Vincent would have a riot on his hands.

But what Sam says out loud is: “Dean’s not allowed above level nine unless he’s fighting.”

“Let’s see what’s on level nine, then,” Bela says, and pulls up the appropriate blueprint. This time, it’s Bobby who figures it out.

“Medical facility,” he grunts, and opens the next file.

The tab at the top of the image reads SL9, and the blueprint itself looks completely different from the others. After a few moments of study, Sam realizes why.

“Those are pipes, aren’t they?” he says, tracing one of the lines with a finger. “Plumbing, or maybe heating vents?”

“Must be,” Bela agrees dismissively, and opens the next file labeled L10.

Sam can tell at first glance that it’s another barracks, but these rooms aren’t locked. “Security barracks,” he says.

“Are you sure?” Bela asks, scrutinizing the blueprint.

“Yeah. They aren’t being housed on the first two floors with everyone else. Besides, if I were Vincent, I’d want my guards as close to what they’re guarding as I could get them.”

Scowling at the computer screen, Bobby grunts, “That doesn’t make a lick of sense. You want to keep someone in, you get between them and the exit. What kind of moron puts the prisoners closer to the front door than the guards?”

“They aren’t guarding Vincent’s gladiators,” Sam says. “They’re guarding Dean.”

Bobby’s glance is incredulous. “That sounds a little like nuking an anthill, Sam.”

In his mind, Sam sees Basu trying to fight Dean. Unable to touch him or so much as track his movements. Sees Dean put on those extra little bursts of speed that left him all but invisible to the naked eye.

“It isn’t overkill,” he says. He can feel both Bela and Bobby looking at him and keeps his own eyes steadfastly on the computer screen.

After a moment, Bobby says, “If that’s true, Sam, then what the hell is Dean waiting for? Why does he need us at all?”

He’s waiting because he needs the drug, Sam thinks, and then realizes that doesn’t answer Bobby’s question. If Dean is so powerful—and he is, Sam has no doubts on that score—then all that Sam really needs to do is convince his brother that they can take care of him once he gets out. Let Dean carve his path to freedom himself.

But Bela is laughing. “Oh please,” she says. “You don’t think Vincent knows his men are useless?”

“Why have them there then?” Sam asks her.

“Because they can shoot,” comes the disdainful answer. Bela taps a nail against the screen. “Look how thin the corridors are. Line three men across and they’re bound to hit whatever’s coming at them, no matter how fast it’s moving. And I can guarantee that the corridors on the lower levels are even smaller.”

After what Sam saw, he isn’t sure that Dean couldn’t dodge a couple of bullets. Then again, with the amount of men Vincent has working for him, Dean would probably mess up before he worked his way to the surface. Moving that quickly has to take a great deal of energy, and Dean would be forced to slow down eventually.

“I thought this Vincent wants Dean alive,” Bobby points out. “I’d think putting holes in him would be problematic.”

“Not bullets,” Bela corrects, “Tranquillizer darts. They’re filled with a sedative specifically designed to work on Dean’s metabolism. A single dart packs enough of a punch to put him down for two hours.”

“We’ll need to get them out of the way, then,” Sam says.

“I have an idea that might do the trick.” Bela brings up the eleventh and twelfth levels of the Arena, maneuvering the windows so that the blueprints are both visible at the same time, one on top of the other.

“What sort of ‘idea’?”

“We’ll talk about it tomorrow,” Bela murmurs, frowning at the screen. “Who the hell designed this?”

Unlike the Arena's upper levels, the eleventh floor is a twisting warren of narrow hallways that double back on themselves and end in abrupt dead ends for no apparent reason. There are doors that don’t lead anywhere, doors that open up onto other hallways, and only six real rooms on the entire level, five of which are connected in a clump at the opposite side from the elevator.

“That’s gotta be the guest suite,” Sam says. Bobby gives him a curious glance and he explains awkwardly, “You know, where they take Dean when he’s … entertaining.”

Bobby’s face goes tight with pain, but he only nods and points at the other room. “What’s that?”

“Yggdrasil,” Sam says. It has to be.

“What?” Bobby asks, and Bela looks up at Sam sharply.

“That’s what’s written on the door. Vincent has a thing for Norse mythology.”

The twelfth, and lowest, floor is divided into two parts, one of which seems to be a small-scale version of the gym on level seven. The other half of the floor is another series of cells, each with the squiggly mark over the door. These are less than half the size of those above, though, and each room is marked with a small, black triangle that Ash’s key says represents a camera.

Vincent keeps Dean in one of those rooms: possibly the same one Sam saw in his dream last night. He has no idea what the rest of the cells are used for. Maybe it’s Vincent’s version of a needle in a haystack: just another attempt to keep Dean hidden from any attempts to rescue him. Or maybe they’re the empty, hopeful remainders of Vincent’s attempts to get himself a few more like Dean.

For some reason, though, as Sam stares at those banks of rectangles, he thinks, Yggdrasil. The Norse World Tree is meant to be a warm, living thing that spans all the worlds, but its name is cold and black in Sam’s mind. Just thinking it fills him with a creeping dread.

“Bobby,” he says suddenly, chasing after the feeling. “Why did they change the berserker ritual?”

Bela shoots him a glance halfway between coy and annoyed, and then goes back to studying the blueprints. Bobby turns around with a frown and reaches up to tug at the cap he isn’t wearing. When he realizes what he’s doing, he drops his hand back into his lap with a grimace.

“I’m not sure,” he answers. “I started looking around after Dean picked up the wolf, but I never did find an explanation. All I know for sure is that sometime around the fall of the Roman Empire, people just stopped using the original ritual.”

“You don’t have any guesses?” Sam presses. “Anything?”

“Well,” Bobby says, rubbing at the back of his neck. “The altered ritual is a hell of a lot faster. ‘Stead of sending up a beacon and waiting for the right animal spirit to come along, it puts a direct call in to the one you want. Takes a few seconds at most.”

Sam remembers his dream: the ritual complete, the would-be berserker's tribe departing to wait in their huts. “The original ritual took longer,” he says slowly. God, it’s right in front of him and he still can’t see it.

“Days usually,” Bobby agrees. “So I suppose if I had to I’d guess that folks got impatient.”

“If you saw him, if you saw what he's capable of ...” Sam shakes his head. “You’d wait a hell of a lot longer than a few days for something like that.”

“Well, what then?” Before Sam can answer, Bobby adds, “And why’s it got you so worked up?”

Sam presses his lips together and runs a hand through his hair. “I don’t know,” he says, frustrated. “But it’s important. And it has to do with Yggdrasil.”

Scrunching his face up in confusion, Bobby asks, “What does the berserker summoning ritual have to do with the Tree of Life?”

“Not the tree, the room, it—it’s black.” God, Sam doesn’t even understand what he’s saying. One of his hands drifts to his temple. He can feel that deep, powerful place in his mind pulsing darkly.

“Black?” Bobby repeats doubtfully.

“Black,” Sam affirms. “It’s—”

(Ygg)

“—all—”

(dra)

“—black.”

(sil)

“What the hell does that even mean?” Bobby asks.

“I don’t know!” Sam shouts, making Bobby and Bela both jump. Taking a step away from the couch, he gives his temple one last rub of his thumb and drops his hand again. Then he lets out a sharp, frustrated sigh, and tersely continues, “All the pieces are right there in front of me, and it’s important, I know it is, and I can’t figure it out!”

“Well, whatever it is, it’s going to have to wait,” Bela announces as she stands. “We have to leave for the Arena in a little under a half hour if we’re going to be there in time for the show.”

Sam wants to yell that he needs more time, that she can just wait a goddamned minute while he figures this out, and then swallows his protest. He doesn’t know how Vincent would react to a tardy entrance, or if they’d even be allowed past the gate, and he doesn’t want to risk Vincent offering Dean to someone else for the night. Someone who’s actually going to be buying what Vincent’s selling.

What if this is more important? a nagging voice pipes up in the back of his head, and he presses his eyes shut. How the fuck can he even consider the possibility that there’s something more important than keeping his brother from having to service another rich fuck?

“Sam,” Bela prods.

“Yeah, okay,” he rasps.

“Give it a rest for a few hours and then think it over again tonight,” Bobby suggests. “Maybe something’ll fall into place. No surer way not to figure something out than to keep banging your head against a wall until you’re stupid with it.”

For the first time since Bobby called and told him that Dean was still alive, Sam’s chest warms for the man. He still isn’t close to forgiving him, but he’s grateful for his calm reason. Lord knows Sam’s a little short on that himself these days.

“Yeah, I’ll do that,” he says, offering Bobby a wan smile.

But later that night, when they return to the suite, he has other things on his mind.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Vincent isn’t there when they arrive at the Arena, which Sam doesn’t think too much about until the first two fights of the evening are over and Dean is being given an abbreviated introduction by the regular announcer. Sam has only seen his brother fight once, but Vincent’s presence in the ring had the feel of routine. When he glances over and finds Bela frowning, his suspicion that something is wrong increases. He remembers that Vincent promised him something to rival a match between two berserkers, and fidgets in his chair.

The beginning of the match throws him off at first. The men Dean is fighting are skilled, but they don’t seem to pose any great challenge. They aren’t armed, and Dean hasn’t been handicapped in any way. He puts the first two down effortlessly—quick blows to the throat and head—and the unconscious bodies are dragged away without any input from the audience.

It isn’t until Sam has watched the same routine play out for a fifth time in less than ten minutes that he begins to realize what’s going on. Bela’s silence is thunderous beside him as Dean continues to drop his opponents, and Sam figures that she knows what’s happening as well. He can’t be sure, but he doesn’t think this is the show Vincent had in mind when they spoke earlier.

Neither Sam nor Bela speak while they watch Dean plow through Vincent’s fighters, seemingly as tireless as a machine. It isn’t until Dean’s twenty-seventh challenger that he shows any sign of weakness, allowing the man to land two solid blows to his midsection before dropping him with a spinning roundhouse kick to the head.

It’s a sign of things to come and Sam’s stomach sinks distressingly. Bela reaches over, grabs his tie, and yanks him close. To the casual observer, it probably looks like she’s busy devouring his neck, but what she’s really doing is hissing in his ear.

“What the hell did you do?”

“What do you mean, ‘what did I do’?” Sam shoots back, keeping his eyes on the new fighters entering the cage. There are three this time: Vincent knows as well as they do that Dean is finally tiring, and is circling in for the kill.

“Oh please,” Bela scoffs, releasing him and sitting back in her seat. “This—” Her gesture takes in the cage where Dean, moving noticeably slower than at the start of the night, is keeping his distance from his new opponents. “—is obviously a punishment for something. I’ve seen this type of match before. Vincent won’t stop sending opponents until he’s made his point.”

Yeah, that’s pretty much what Sam figured. Hearing it out loud brings it home in a way that his own suspicions hadn’t, though, and leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. It doesn’t help that his brother has him to thank for how quickly he’s tiring. The show that Dean put on this afternoon can’t have helped his energy reserves.

In the cage, Dean rushes forward and catches one of his current opponents square on the nose. Blood sprays out as the man topples over backwards and collapses on the mat. Sam can’t tell for sure from this far away, but he doesn’t think that the man is breathing anymore.

Dean goes still. He’s ignoring his two remaining opponents to stare at what Sam is now certain is a dead body. Dean must have driven the man’s nose right back into his brain with that blow.

The way his brother is just standing there tells Sam that Dean is as shocked and appalled as he is by what just happened. Dean has been economical with his attacks all night, looking to incapacitate instead of kill, and up until now Sam hasn’t seen him make a mistake.

He must be far closer to the end of his strength than he’s letting on.

God, how long can Dean keep this up anyway? Long enough to work his way through the hundred-odd fighters in Vincent’s stable? Probably not, and Sam doesn't think that Vincent would stop there even if Dean did make it that far. He’d throw members of his security team into the cage: maybe some of the guard dogs Sam saw patrolling the grounds on his tour earlier today.

“I don’t understand,” Sam says numbly. “Vincent wasn’t upset with him this afternoon.”

“Well, his temper has obviously changed between now and then,” Bela snaps, and winces as one of Dean’s remaining opponents rocks Dean’s head back with a right hook. Then, as if she hadn’t already made it perfectly clear that she’s blaming Sam for this mess, she shoots him a flinty glance and elaborates, “You piss Dean off, he pisses Vincent off, Vincent retaliates. It’s a vicious cycle.”

Sam thinks about his brother’s expression after his fight with Hank earlier that afternoon, and he isn’t sure that Bela’s wrong.

Guilt steals his voice for a few moments, leaving him mute as he watches his brother perform what amounts to a shadowbox with his remaining opponents. Dean should have put them down by now, but he’s being overly cautious after the mistake he just made. The two men circling him obviously sense their advantage: Sam can see them regaining their confidence: puffing up with it like adders.

“What the hell is Vincent trying to prove?” he asks when he can speak again.

“My best guess?” Bela says. “That he’s the one with all the leverage.” Then, cocking her head, she adds thoughtfully, “And the bigger cock.”

Below, Dean dodges a kick aimed at his head and backs up into his other opponent’s arms. The man grabs him, trapping Dean’s arms in a bear hug. Dean struggles, but it isn’t enough to dislodge his attacker. Sam can’t tell if his brother is just that tired or if he isn’t really trying.

The other fighter approaches slowly, rolling his knuckles ominously. Even from this distance, Sam can make out the gloating smile on the man’s face as he drives the first punch across Dean’s cheek. When Dean continues to struggle uselessly, the man’s smile widens even further and he says something Sam can’t hear. From this vantage point, he has no trouble seeing the shape of the man’s lips, though, and he can guess at some of the words: ‘whore’, and ‘cocksucker’ and ‘pretty bitch’.

It’s a mistake.

Dean twists abruptly, jerking his head back into the face of the fighter restraining him. At the same time, he leans into the man’s arms and brings his feet up to kick his other attacker in the stomach. The roar of the crowd’s approval shakes the arena as Dean is dropped. He hits the mat rolling and is up in a crouch in an instant.

The man who was holding him is too concerned with the blood rushing out of his nose to realize that Dean isn’t done with him. The kick Dean delivers to his kneecap, snapping it out of place, comes as a complete shock. Collapsing with a shrill shriek of pain, he forgets about his nose and brings his hands down to cradle his dislocated knee. Dean shifts his balance and kicks the man’s chin, snapping his head back and leaving him limp and unconscious on the mat.

Dean’s remaining opponent has only just regained his feet, and now Dean rises to face him. He waits for the man to come for him and then backs out of reach of a wild punch. Snarling, his opponent delivers a spinning roundhouse kick aimed at Dean’s head. Dean flattens himself on the mat and the kick sails harmlessly over him.

The man’s momentum carries him too far around, offering Dean his back again, and with a blur of speed Dean launches himself from the mat into the opening. He isn’t heavy enough to knock the man over, or maybe isn’t trying for it, and he ends up perched on the man’s back with his legs twisted around his waist. The man claws blindly for Dean, trying to get a grip on his arm or neck so that he can pull him off.

Ignoring the swatting hands, Dean shoves his own hand into the man’s open mouth, grabs hold of the side of his cheek, and pulls. The man’s skin rips back in a spill of red that shocks the crowd silent. With a flap of skin and muscle dangling from his face, he collapses to his knees and clutches at his ruined face with a dazed expression.

Dean drops off of the man and shoves him down onto his back. Sam doesn’t think that the man is aware of Dean’s weight as it drops back down onto him, one knee planted on either side of his hips. Then Dean snaps the man’s head to one side with a punch, slapping the flap of skin against the mat.

Maybe it’s the wet smacking sound his cheek makes; maybe the pain is finally starting to come through his shock. For whatever reason, the man finally begins to scream.

“No! Stop! My face, Jesus fuck my face!”

Or that’s what Sam guesses he’s saying. Without a whole mouth, what comes out sounds more like, “Ooo! Schooph! Eye hace, Eshush huck eye hace!”

Dean punches him again, and the noise his fist makes when it squishes the man’s ruined cheek back into place for a second is nauseating.

“Eye schorry! Eye huckee schorry, doh—”

Dean lets out a wild snarl and his punches speed. He smacks the man’s head from side to side a few more times and then switches tactics. The first blow that drives the man’s head directly down into the mat knocks him thankfully unconscious and cuts off his begging screams. Now there’s only the increasingly wet slap of Dean’s fists turning the man’s face into a red, broken pulp. Dean twists, putting his weight behind one of the blows, and the man’s forehead caves in.

He’s dead, he has to be, and Dean’s still going. There’s a pool of blood spreading out from the wreck that used to be a human head: Dean’s bare chest is spattered with it. His hands drip as they rise and fall, coated in crimson.

He doesn’t even pause at the sound of the cage opening again.

Numb and horrified, Sam watches as ten more fighters file in and take up positions in a circle around his brother. Members of Vincent’s clean up crew slip in and drag Dean’s two other opponents from the last round—one dead, one unconscious—from the cage. The door shuts again.

Although Dean is outnumbered, none of the new fighters seem to want to be the one to interrupt him. They wait silently as Dean’s punches eventually slow and finally stop. He’s panting, chest heaving, and for a moment he remains kneeling over the man’s body. What’s left of the head doesn’t look human anymore, mashed flat and wet like a pulped tomato, and Dean seems to be having trouble understanding what he’s looking at.

Sam knows the moment it hits his brother because Dean scrambles up from the body, hands twitching in disgust. He notices the men surrounding him for the first time and turns in a slow, swaying circle to survey them. His fists start to rise and then he hesitates.

Sam can’t see his brother’s face, but the slope of Dean’s shoulders is unmistakable. And in the hush that fills the arena, there’s no missing Dean’s muttered, ‘fuck it.’ He lowers his hands and raises his head.

The fighters obviously don’t believe it at first. One of the men standing behind Dean darts in and tosses a kick at the back of Dean’s knee. He’s already moving back again before it connects. The amount of force left on the kick can’t have been enough to even leave a bruise, but Dean lets it fold his knee anyway, dropping heavily to the mat.

Kneeling next to the body of the man he just killed, he looks around the circle with an expression of contempt. “What the fuck are you waiting for?”

When Vincent’s gladiators continue to hesitate, Dean laughs harshly and puts his hands behind his back. “Fucking pussies.”

Tentative understanding finally ripples through the circle of men and they close in. When Dean doesn’t move, one of the bolder fighters tries another kick. This one connects solidly with the side of Dean’s face, knocking him on his side. Shaking his head, he pushes himself slowly back into a kneeling position. Waiting.

What follows isn’t anything but a systematic beating.

In the same eerie silence that reigned when Dean destroyed his last opponent’s face, Sam catches the smack of flesh on flesh. He can hear breaking bones and the harsh grunts of the men as they work. There are no screams from Dean. Aren’t even any moans of pain.

Sam’s own scream is locked in his throat, held there partly by the knowledge that if he loses it now he’ll blow their cover completely, and partly because he’s too angry and horrified to properly express himself. One of the men kicks Dean halfway out of the circle and Sam catches a rolling glint of gold underneath a mask of blood. There’s pain in that gaze, and terrible awareness, and why the hell isn’t Dean unconscious yet?

As he watches his brother dragged back into the clump of men, Sam feels power unfurling inside of him. He can’t stop himself from reaching toward the men with his mind: wants to shove them all away from Dean and keep them pressed up against the walls of the cage where they can’t hurt him anymore. His head aches with the strain of reaching, and although he feels his power catch at the edges of the bodies below, he isn’t strong enough to do anything. They’re too heavy, or too far away, or a little of both.

It doesn’t stop Sam from trying, though, and by the time it’s over, his head is swimming with pain. He makes himself watch as Dean’s body is dragged from the cage, leaving a red, slug-like trail on the mat. Then he drops his head into his hands and shuts his eyes. In the darkness, all he can see is Dean kneeling there with his hands clasped at the small of the back.

Dean giving up—surrendering to what he had to know was coming—because he didn’t trust himself not to kill any more of them.

“Sam,” Bela murmurs, laying a hand on his arm. “You need to keep it together until we’re back in the car.”

Sam’s chest tightens with a pain that isn’t as intense as the agony in his head but which somehow seems to hurt more. “I’m not—” Swallowing, he lifts his head and focuses on Bela with difficulty. She actually looks a little nauseous herself, which is surprising but makes Sam feel slightly better.

“I have a headache,” he says.

Bela raises her eyebrows skeptically, but she doesn’t accuse him of lying. Instead, while the rest of tonight’s audience files toward the elevator, she reminds him, “They won’t let him die.”

Sam nods. “I know.” He never even considered that they might. Dean is far too valuable to lose like that. “Just—just give me a minute.”

Bela glances at the line waiting for the elevator and then nods. Her hand strokes his arm, as though trying to soothe him, until he shifts away. Dropping his head back down into his hands, Sam fights to center himself. To lock down on the pain and shove it to the back of his mind so that he can be Simon Carver for a few more minutes.

It’s a struggle, but this isn’t a battle he can lose and in the end the pain is distant enough that he thinks he’ll be able to function. When he glances over at the hallway leading to the elevator, Sam finds a woman in a black evening gown disappearing down it and no one in line behind her.

“Okay,” he says, pushing to his feet. “I’m ready.”

Vincent is waiting for them by the elevator. His apologetic smile doesn’t reach his cash cool, satisfied eyes. “I’m sorry, Simon, but I’m afraid the Fenrir won’t be available tonight.”

Bela’s hand tightens on Sam’s arm but he doesn’t need the warning. His anger is a distant, floating thing, locked on the other side of the barrier he put around the pain in his head.

“Exactly how long should I be expecting a delay in the festivities?” His voice is harsher than he thought it would be, but he figures that’s okay. Simon Carver would be annoyed at having his toy taken away from him.

Vincent spreads his hands. “I really couldn’t say at this point. He’s being examined now. I’ll call with more information tomorrow.” His eyes flit to Bela, drag briefly up and down her body, and his smile deepens. “You’ll be fully reimbursed, of course.”

Bela shivers a little against Sam, but her voice is pleasant as she murmurs, “Oh, I’m sure we can work something out.”

Then the elevator door slides open again and she pulls Sam forward. Vincent puts a hand on Sam’s arm as they pass. Somehow, Sam resists the almost overwhelming urge to punch the man.

“I’m sorry you didn’t get your show,” Vincent says.

For a moment, Sam doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Then he remembers their discussion over lunch and says in a distant, cold voice, “Right. Your solution to the problem of only having one berserker.”

Bela’s hand tightens on Sam’s arm.

“Indeed,” Vincent agrees. "I had meant to arrange a showing, but something came up."

"So I saw."

Vincent chuckles while somehow still managing to look apologetic. "Sometimes even tame animals require discipline. It helps remind them why they obey."

Sam’s hatred of the man is bubbling up; he needs to get out of here now if he’s going at all. “I understand. Guess I'll see the show some other time,” he says and lets Bela pull him into the elevator.

As their chauffer pulls down the Arena’s long drive, Sam thinks of his brother wearing red, wet gloves on his hands. Thinks of what it must have smelled like for Dean up close: how the copper wash must have rolled over everything, undercut by the sharper bite of urine and the reek of shit. Death smells. Jesus Christ, how could Dean do something like that?

Then Sam thinks of the words he plucked from the man’s sneering mouth just before Dean went berserk.

Whore.

Cocksucker.

Yeah, you’re fine with the sex, he thinks. His vision blurs and he leans his face against the window. When he shuts his eyes against the building tears, his mind presents him with a flash of Dean’s broken body. Of the limp way he rolled when they kicked him. The grate of broken ribs rubbing together in his chest. That one, pain-blind eye in a blood soaked face.

The entire night—first Dean’s savagery, and then the vicious thoroughness of the beating he took in return—hits Sam hard and sudden. The pain in his head bursts loose at the shock of it and as he clutches at the door he can’t figure out which hurts more: his head or his heart.

“Sam,” Bela murmurs. Her hand brushes his shoulder and he jerks away, skin crawling with revulsion.

“Don’t fucking touch me,” he spits. “You gave him to that, you—Jesus Christ.”

“If it makes you feel better, he’s had worse.”

Worse? How could it get worse than what Sam just saw? And how the fuck can Bela possibly think that knowing it could would make him feel better?