Acting Out Fantasies
by welove2nudebeaches

Acting Out Fantasies Pt. 05

It's the morning after, and the manager found out.

As always, thanks for all the feedback you've given, good and bad. This part, and the next few, will return the focus to exhibitionism and voyeur. There are many chapters still to come! Keep reading...

Pete and Michele woke up around eight the next morning to the sound of the phone ringing. Michele answered. She listened for a minute, her face growing more and more concerned.

"You saw it??" she asked into the telephone, bewildered. "But he promised he wouldn't!" Now Pete was concerned.

"What's going on? he whispered.

"It's the manager!" She responded with a scared whisper.

"Shit."

Michelle was still listening intently. "But I can't!" she said. "Who will see me?"

Then after a second, she said in a defeated tone, "OK." Then she hung up the phone.

She sat up straight in the bed. "The hotel worker last night told the manager, and he showed him the video from the lobby."

"The little fucker! He said he wouldn't!" Pete said. "Now what?"

"The manager told me to come down right now to his office, or he will press charges for public indecency."

"I'll go with you," Pete said. "I participated in it, and didn't put a stop to it when I should have."

"No," she said. "He told me to come down for my punishment. I don't think it will sit well for you to be with me."

"How? Maybe he'll go easy on you, or realize it was just a couple having fun and let it go."

"Because he told me to walk down to the lobby wearing the same outfit."

"How does that change things?"

She got a look on her face that Pete knew, a look he had seen last night. She was embarrassed to admit what she was feeling.

"Come on, spill it out."

"I don't want him to take it easy on me."

"But you were just acting like it was the end of the world!"

"I know I was, but that was when I was worried about him sending it to people I know or pressing charges. But instead, he said that I was to come down for punishment."

"Michelle, he still might press charges."

"I know, but I might be able to get out of it if I go by myself, and handle it my way."

"Your way? Is that the same way as last night?"

"Yes," she said, head lowered.

"So you want him to punish you? And not take it easy on you?"

There was that look again. Sheepish, guilty, aroused, all together. "Yes."

"Well, I guess we've answered Jim's doubts about how you'll feel when you sleep on what you've done."

"I guess we have," she said. "Feel my pussy."

"Still flowing like a fountain," he said.

While Pete was coming to grips with the implications, she got up, put her shoes on, and started toward the door.

"Um, Michele? Didn't you forget something?"

"What?" she asked.

"Your dress!"

"No, he told me I was to come down wearing exactly what I was wearing last night."

"He wants you to walk down there naked? I thought he wanted you to have a dress on, like last nigh. What if there are families in the hallways? What if someone sees you and thinks your fair game?"

"As for families, I think we're OK. This hotel is mostly booked for that convention. We must have just gotten one of the leftover rooms. As for being fair game...I kind of am for this weekend, right?"

Pete rolled his eyes. "Michelle, you are not invincible. What if one of these guys, or one of the people in these scenarios the guys have planned out are bad actors? This could get dangerous!"

"Pete, the risk is part of the fun for me. It's intoxicating. You and I know it won't be forever, and we'll stop and assess when this weekend is over. But just let me go with it this weekend."

She paused, and caressing his dick, which was still under the covers, she sat down next to him. "I know you are inclined to be my protector. That's one of the things I love about you. That's what makes you a great husband. But I need you to peal it back a couple of notches this weekend.

I don't' want to end up a gangster's whore, or a biker's bitch, so protect me from that. I don't want to end up in jail if I can avoid it, so help me with that. But I want to experience the risk of being slutty for this weekend. And I want you to help me, along with my masters. I want you to be my master, not my husband, for the next 3 days. Can you do that?"

By the time she was finished with her speech, She had caressed Pete's cock into a nice-hard on, he knew she had him, so he nodded.

"Now," she said. "I've got to get down to the manager's office." And then nodding and smiling toward his erection, she added. "I'll take care of the man downstairs when I get back, I promise."

And with that she was out the door.

Pete's head was spinning from the different thoughts in his head. The first thought was that just days ago, they had been at the point of divorce because of Michelle's prudish behavior. And here she was this morning, walking completely naked out the door of their hotel room, having been completely humiliated and degraded last night. Hardly prudish behavior. And there was more to come over the weekend. He knew that she was thanking him for forcing her to come out of her shell, but he was worried she was in over her head, and that it would come back to bite both of them, in ways he had not yet imagined.

The second thought was he was angry and shocked that some of the things she did last night were beneath her, and she had done them with someone other than him. She licked a fat stranger's dirty ass! She had paraded naked in the lobby of a hotel! She had promised her body to four complete strangers! These were not things that a woman of her stature did, and they especially didn't do them until they had gradually built up to doing crazy stuff.

Yes, she had explained the origin of this fantasy, and it loosely made sense that she had had these thoughts, but to jump in head first to such a dangerous fantasy still didn't add up. He knew he needed to follow up on this.

In his mind, these were things that people with less resources did when they were bored, or when they wanted to be noticed because there wasn't a lot in their lives to be noticed about, or when they didn't have any self-esteem. Michelle was an active accountant in a decent sized firm. She was an active mom. She was active in church, and had friends from each of these realms. She was not bored or suffering from lack of self-esteem. But last night she had been, for the most part, completely compliant with what these men had told her to do, like a street whore in need of their next hit.

His third thought, though, was that he had to admit that many of the things she had done were scenarios that he had jacked-off too when he was watching porn. And he also had to admit that one of his techniques was to put his wife's face in place of the woman he was watching on the screen. So in his fantasies, it was his wife at the adult theater. It was his wife walking naked down the street. It was his wife being tied up and spanked. So why was it beneath her when the things he had fantasized about were coming to reality? Isn't this what he secretly wanted?

And then there was the religious part of him. While he had seen more porn than he cared to admit, he was also the child of two great parents. And one of the things he had been taught growing up was that a man had to protect his wife's honor, that their relationship was sacred, and should be treated as such. So in a way, he was angry at himself for not stepping in and putting a stop to things, to do the honorable thing, even when she didn't want him to. He rationalized that the intensity of the fantasy she had laid out was so shocking, he had spent most of the previous night just reacting to events as they happened.

At the same time, he also knew that he too had also been more turned on than ever before in his life last night. The guys had not made him feel "lesser" than them. They had not madehim into a "cuckold," they had madeher into a "hotwife." And while he had been shocked that she had agreed to continue after hearing all that they had planned, he was actually excited to see them happen, even though he was nervous about getting "caught" before he or she were ready to be caught.

He got up from the bed and walked over to take a shower. In the bathroom, he gave himself a once over in the mirror. Pete was a good-looking man. He was in his early 40's. He had been a real looker in his 20's, and still had the looks, although there were more wrinkles at the edges of his eyes than when younger. He had thick brown hair that was just starting to go salt and pepper on him, but was as thick a ever. He was athletic all the way through high school, lettering baseball and basketball. He had even played a couple of years of college baseball.

He was tall, reaching up to 6 feet, 2 inches. His athletic build had stayed with him, even now. What had changed was that he had added about 20 pounds onto his frame, which had centered on his belly. In the last couple of months, he had hired a trainer to help him lose the spare tire, and the work was starting to pay off.

He had a successful career as the manager of a team at an engineering firm that specialized in commercial buildings. He was proud of the life he had built, and all that he and Michelle had worked to create in their family. They had a nice house, nice cares that were paid for, children that had earned scholarships for their education, and they had plenty of money in the bank. There wasn't much to complain about.

Except sex. He had a very high sex drive, and Michelle had seemed to have none. But since last night, there was a significant part of himself that regretted giving her the ultimatum that he had given her. But he couldn't undo it now. He just hoped that he had not ruined their lives. All he could do was wait for her to get back from the manager's office.

His thoughts were interrupted by a text on his phone. It was from Jim. "Have Michelle at The Bikini Bin on East Avenue at 1pm, if she's still in."

This is real, and it is going to happen, Pete said to himself, then texted, "We'll be there."

As for Michelle, the minute she walked out the door, she felt vulnerable and small. In the room with Pete, she was into the idea of sucking off the manager, or something like that, but the minute she opened the door, she realized that she had not been alone and naked since the whole fantasy had begun. She had to travel down 5 floors and into the hotel lobby. She couldn't say that she was afraid; she was anxious. That's when the "What-ifs" started up.

What if a family saw her? Would she just claim that she was a nudist?

What if one of the guys from the previous night saw her, and demanded a repeat performance?

What if someone called her a slut and stopped her? What would she do?

What if the manager called the police anyway, and when they got there, she was naked?

That anxiety caused goosebumps to form all over her body, including her nipples. When she felt the skin around them tighten up, she instinctually moved a hand to feel them. That was a mistake. Just the touch of her finger to her nipple sent a little wave of electricity to her pussy.

What has gotten into me? she wondered.This is not me!She was honestly searching for answers. She was really worried. She was excited, elated that the dam had burst, and she had given herself permission to feel and be sexual. She was like most women, and was always in the mood when she was ovulating. Rarely did she get turned on in the meantime.

But ever since she had embraced the nerves she had felt traveling to the hotel, she had been other-worldly aroused, and it just had not stopped. Even the moments where reality was setting in were fleeting, and the arousal would soon return, like now. She knew she should be scared about what was going to happen with the manager. She knew she should be apprehensive about what might happen on the way down there.

But instead, she was aroused by the possibilities. And her nakedness. The change in her was unnerving, even to her.

The most sense she could make of it was that when she was in sexual situations, anxiety seemed to multiply her arousal. She was anxious about each of the plans that had been shared with her about the weekend, but instead of that killing her arousal, as it normally would, it spurred her on.

What she knew was that she didn't have time to figure it out, so she filed it away as something to think about and pay attention to as the weekend went on. As for now, she was naked, she still had a well-fucked feeling in her pussy, her nipples were arousing her, and she had to decide on the elevator or the stairs.

The elevator was about 25 feet away, the stairs were about 100. The elevator carried the possibility of someone else riding down, or someone waiting to get on at one of the floors. The stairs were probably more private, but the walk in the lobby was longer with the stairs. She mentally flipped a coin, and headed toward the elevator.

She pressed the button and waited. Before anyone opened the door from a hotel room, the door opened. There was no one on the elevator, so it was just her. It was surreal to be naked in an elevator by yourself, naked, to say the last. But that was only eclipsed by how surreal things got when the elevator made its way to the next floor down. Michelle felt the elevator stop, and she only had a brief second to steel herself that someone was going to get on. Instead of preparing to cover up, she decided to keep her arms at her side, and just react to what she was presented.

The door opened, and four men and a woman were standing there slack-jawed. Michelle noticed that they didn't look upset, it was just that they didn't know what to do. So Michelle helped them.

"Going down," she said, as cheerful as possible, then held the door for them to get on, which they did in a trance, all staring at Michelle's nudity.

Finally the woman broke the silence. "Um, you do realize that you're naked?" she asked.

"I do," said Michelle.

"Jenny, this is the woman I told you about last night," said one of the guys. Michelle had started to turn red at the mention of being the "woman from last night." She was famous. Her blush deepened significantly when the man continued. "The slut that allowed guys to finger her while she tugged on her nipples?"

"Oh! I thought you guys were kidding." Then she turned to Michelle. "Is all of this true?"

The elevator had traveled to the main floor, and was opening.

"Yes," Michelle said. "It is all true." Michelle, before last night would have been curled up in a fetal position at having to answer these questions while guilty of the accusations, which were forcing her to confront and admit what she had done. But Michelle noticed that this anxious situation was actually adding to her already very active arousal. She arched her back to let her nipples stand out.

"Well, my goodness. A woman with no shame," Jenny said, noticing Michelle's change of posture. "Enjoy being a slut!" she said with an air of superiority. Michelle blushed and moaned at the same time. They left her, all of them with smirks on their faces.

Holding the elevator door open, Michelle looked around, and saw a door near the front desk with the words, "Manager's office." She then looked both ways, and seeing no children, ran to the door and knocked.

"Who is it?" she heard from the other side of the door. It was the same voice as the phone call this morning.

"Um...Michelle. You told me to come downstairs to your office." Her words sounded louder in her head than they actually were because she didn't want to be caught in this situation.

"I don't know anyone named Michelle."

"I'm the woman from last night," she said slightly louder, still trying not to be noticed.

"I'm sorry, I saw lots of women last night," came the voice.

He's just fucking with me to keep me out here and embarrassed. she thought.But I'm not embarrassed. This is who I am, at least for the weekend.. So, she got bold.

"I'm the one you called and told to come naked to your office. The slut from the video camera?" she said, practically yelling now.

The door opened, and in the doorway stood a man that was surprisingly handsome. She always thought managers of places like this were greasy and overweight. Not in this case. The man before her was dressed in blue khakis, with a light blue long sleeve shirt and a tie. He looked like he was about 5'10," and fairly fit. Michelle guessed he was in his 30's. While he was handsome, he also looked arrogant, and that threw Michelle a little off her game. She was expecting a guy that was easy to appease. This guy looked the opposite of that.

"So your name is Michelle?" He said, still not offering her entry into his office.

"Yes," she said, looking down so his piercing eyes could not establish dominance.

"And you are the slut that desecrated our hotel last night?"

"Yes," she said. "But I didn't intend to..."

"You didn't intend to what?" the man interrupted. "You didn't intend to flaunt your body on video? You didn't intend to have numerous orgasms, including squirting all over the floor of our lobby? You didn't intend to stay naked in our lobby for more than 45 minutes with people coming back to the hotel, expecting peace and quiet? What is itMichelle, that you didn't intend to do?"

Old Michelle would have been sobbing uncontrollably at this barrage. New Michelle stood calmly, nakedly, in the hotel hallway. She looked to her left at the hotel desk, and saw a new hotel worker. This one was female, probably just out of high school, and her eyes were as big as saucers at the sight of Michelle.

Michelle smiled at the girl, looked at the manager, and with a strange mixture of confidence and vulnerability, responded to the manager, but in a way that the girl could also hear. "I didn't intend to get naked in the lobby for those men. I intended to get naked in the hotel room for them. I was stripped of my dress."

The manager was not going to let her get the upper hand. "And that caused you to remain naked for that length of time?" he retorted.

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because being stripped, and being made a slave, and being made to orgasm over and over again in front of all those men was the best feeling I've ever had. And I didn't want it to end."

The manager's eyes said it all. He was a mix of angry, defeated, and turned on at the wantonness of this woman, who was making no attempt at covering herself, and whose nipples were like two pebbles on her breasts.

Michelle also looked at the girl, and could see how transfixed she was on this interaction. She was beat red from embarrassment. Michelle felt bad for her for a second, then reasoned that she was an 18 year old girl, full of hormones, like she once was, and perhaps seeing her like this would be good for her. Besides, the girl didn't look disgusted, or grossed out. She was stock still, taking it all in.

By now the manager realized he was not going to break Michelle with his words, it would take something else. He knew he should probably be calling the police. He knew he should probably be writing up an incidence report. But his dick was hard at seeing this bold slut in front of him, and he was going to cum on her face. The police might not like that.

"Come in here now, Michelle," he finally said. He made way for her to enter. Once she was inside, however, he did not offer her a seat to sit down. He stood behind his desk.

"I should be calling the police. I'll be surprised if I don't listen to my messages and get complaints about last night."

She said nothing.

"What if there were children here? What if they had seen you?"

"There weren't. It was late at night, and like I said, a man stripped my dress off of me. I saw that the only people around were men, so I went with it."

"You went with it..." the manager repeated. "Judging from the video, I'd say you did." He paused.

"I tell you what. I'll withhold calling the police. But I have the information that was used to reserve your room." He looked down at a piece of scratch paper that had an email address on it. It is from a Peter Jones, at HGLP engineering?"

Michelle's eyes got big at this. This meant that she was on the hook for something. He was going to blackmail her. But the hook for the blackmail was Peter's work. Not know what she had planned, he just followed the instructions she had given him, and had reserved the room with a very trackable email. If Peter's firm found out about this, it could seriously damage their reputation.

She tuned back in to the manager. "Ms. Jones. I'm going to punish you for putting my hotel at risk for complaints, and for creating a wet floor in our lobby with your pussy juices. If you don't agree to this punishment, I will send the video to your husband. Do you understand?"

"My husband? Please don't!" she begged outwardly. But inwardly, she was grinning. The manager was going to try to blackmail her by sending it to her husband, but Peter already knew.

"No husband would ever want to see his wife doing the things you did in my lobby last night. I'm sure he would find the video disturbing, and would call for a divorce."

"Yes sir!" Michelle said, loving the fact that she did have a husband that wanted to, and did, see the things she did last night. She wanted to play along. She had been turned on again. The anxiety from the elevator, the anxiety from having to stand outside of the manager's office and call herself a slut to the whole lobby -- including the hotel worker, and now to be punished in an office like this, was turning the "new" Michelle on, like never before. "Please! Just tell me what to do."

That was just what the manager was hoping for. "Ms. Jones, Michelle, I have a camera here. So that you don't try to turn the tables on me, I am going to record a video of you asking to be punished for being a slut in my hotel lobby. If you try to cause trouble, I'll send this video to your husband as well."

"Please sir," said Michelle, trying to feign horror at the situation. "Please, I'll do anything."

The manager got out his phone and opened the camera app, pointing it at Michelle's naked body. He noticed that she made no effort at all to cover herself. Instead, she had clasped her hands behind her head. This is a real slut, he thought.

"OK, I want you to say your name, what you did last night, and then give your consent to being punished."

"Ok, tell me when."

The manager pushed record, and then pointed at Michelle for her to start.

Michelle thought for a second, and then said, "My name is Michelle Jones. Last night, I allowed myself to be stripped by another man, and then paraded my body around this hotel, including the lobby, for more than 30 minutes. I deserve to be punished, and so I consent to the manager spanking me as punishment."

Both Michelle and the manager knew that this was all for show. He knew that she could sue him for harassment, even after last night. She knew that he could sue her for public indecency and putting the hotel at risk. So this was all a rouse. But he wanted her to admit how she was acting: like a slut. Besides, having it on camera would make for some great jack-off material.

"OK, good." Said the manager. "Hands on my desk." Michelle complied. Michelle noticed that he made a show of looking like he turned off the phone, but didn't actually do it. Instead, he leaned it against a paper weight, pointed at her.

He came around the desk, and without warning, struck her left cheek with the palm of his hand. And again, and again. The blows were not hard, but they stung a little bit.

This will be piece of cake she thought.

But they kept coming and coming and coming. Eventually, after about 30 or 40 spanks, she couldn't help but start squirming. He had an authority about him when he spanked her that was appealing. He didn't let his hand waiver, or remain on her ass, they were quick, rhythmic strikes covering all of her left ass cheek. She started breathing heavier and heavier.

Eventually he stopped. "Wow, that is looking a nice shade of hot pink!" He said, then letting has hand rub her ass. "Nice and warm, too." Then, without warning, he ran a finger the length of her slit. Even Michelle was surprised as she heard the moisture coming from his touch.

"My, my!" exclaimed the manager. "You like this, don't you.?"

"Yes, sir," was Michelle's involuntary response. She moaned at her own answer.

"Is it the pain, or the humiliation, or the exhibitionism?"

"I don't know, sir. Probably all three."

With that, the man walked over to the door, and called out. "Christina? Is there anyone at the front desk right now?"

"No," came the reply. Michelle noticed that it was the same girl from earlier.

"Would you come here for a second?"

He then closed the door, leaving Michelle alone for a second. She heard some muffled conversation. And then the door opened. The manager and Christina were now in the room.

"Glad to see you kept your hands on the desk," said the manager, noticing that Michelle had moved her legs together, and was rocking, trying to gain some friction to her pussy.

"Legs apart!" said the manager. She complied.

"Christina here has agreed to come in and witness your punishment. The other day I caught her watching porn while at the front desk, and told her that she would be punished for it. I just told her that in lieu of her punishment, I needed her to witness what happens to girls that get caught up in their fantasies. So she is going to watch your debasement. Is that right, Christina?"

The girl gulped, then croaked "yes." This was more than she had ever been exposed to.

"Good," said the manager. "Just so you know, Michelle, Christina is 18, as of 2 weeks ago, so this is all legal. Let's resume."

This time, it was Michelle's right cheek that got the treatment. She was already worked up, so it was only a few blows in when she started moaning and squirming again. The manager kept at it though for a few minutes.

The fact that he seemed to know what he was doing, that there was now an additional witness to her punishment, and the frame of mind that seemed to be dominating her psyche now, all pooled together, and she started rocking her hips again. Thinking about the girl helped to add to her arousal.

This was a girl that was obviously innocent, not too different from what Michelle was when she was eighteen. She wondered if Christina witnessing this would have the same effect on her that the magazine had on her when she was young. Being naked, and spanked, and knowing that this girl watching her be debased was younger than her own daughter brought Michelle to the brink.

"Please may I cum?" she asked, knowing that even if the manager said no, the orgasm was happening, one way or the other.

"Not yet," said the manager, as he kept up the blows on her right cheek. "Look over at Christina," he told Michelle. Michelle looked, and saw that Christina had unzipped her hotel-issued pants, and had put her hand inside of her panties, where she was rubbing furiously."

She's getting off on watching me be spanked, This thought summoned a moan that let the manager know that Michelle could not contain her orgasm for much longer.

"Christina, stand up, and stand right behind her." Christina complied, embarrassed that this whorish woman was getting her off, but so into the moment she couldn't resist her boss's command. "Now move right in behind her, and start spanking her little tits. Remind this woman that she is naked by the feel of your pants, and remind her that she is below even you, a shy 18 year old girl."

That thought carried Michelle over the edge. She was being so slutty, so submissive, that even a po-dunk hotel worker was above her on the dominance scale. As she was orgasming, she felt hands slap her tits from either side. The sting, the shame, and the situation only brought Michelle's orgasm to new heights.

"Oh my God, I'm cumming! Oh, it feels so good! Yeah, spank my ass! Spank my tits!" Michelle rode her orgasm for all it was worth, for as long as she could. She was helped by the manager, who had taken his other hand and inserted two fingers in her pussy, and was pistoning in and out.

His fingers made it last longer. Michelle thought it would never end, but she finally felt the orgasm wane. Her tits and ass, though, were thoroughly stinging her. They would be reminding her of this moment for a while.

"Such a slut!" said the manager. "Turn around and get down on your knees!" he demanded, as he unzipped his pants.

He reached his hand into his underwear, and fished out the biggest cock Michelle had ever seen. It was long, maybe 9 inches, and wide as a beer bottle, and boy did it look angry. The head was red and bulging. It was as hard as Michelle had seen on a cock before, sticking straight out, even at that length. And it was only a few inches away from her face.

She instinctively leaned in to try and suck it, but he pushed her away.

"This cock is not for sluts. It is only for classy women, and you are not one," said the manager.

Michelle was crestfallen, but she wasn't sure if it was because he had told her that she was classless and beneath him, or because he had denied her sucking his beautiful cock.

"Hands behind your back," he said. Michelle followed the order, sitting and watching his dick. He then started stroking it slowly, not hurrying at all.

"Head up, looking at me," he said, and again, Michelle followed the order. She stayed watching him for a minute, and then could see his ballsack shrink, knowing his orgasm was near. She opened her mouth.

"Nope," he said. "Close your mouth. I'm going to cum on you, not in you." A few strokes later, and he was there. He shot rope after rope onto her. Some got in her hair, some got near her nose, some was on her cheeks. Michelle had her hands behind her back the entire time. Her humiliation was reaching new heights, but she loved it.

Michelle's breathing calmed down, and so did the manager's.

"Michelle, you need to check out of the hotel today," said the manager. "If I see you back here again, you will be punished, only much worse. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," she said.

"Now go back to your room, and do not wipe the cum off your face until you are back in the room. And before you leave, you can thank me, and thank Christina for your punishment."

Remembering the camera that was still recording, Michelle said, "Thank you, Christina, for spanking my tits, and thank you, Sir, for spanking my ass." And with that, she left.

45 minutes after she left their room Michelle opened the door in return. Pete noticed that when she returned, her hair was disheveled; she was still naked, and now had 3 gobs of cum on her chin, along with streaks on her cheeks. The sides of her tits were red, and when she turned around, he saw that her ass was red, too. Unbelievably, Pete saw that she was smiling.

"I think we're covered with the manager," she told Pete. "But we do have to check out of here today."

"I would say that you're covered, yes." He said with grim sarcasm. "What happened?"

"He saw the surveillance video, and the worker last night told him everything. He told me that such actions could not be permitted in the hotel. He couldn't tell that you were my husband, so I didn't tell him, so he could be more free."

"More free!" Pete exclaimed. "More free for what?"

"More free with how he punished me."

"Michelle, we need to talk about all of this. This is fucking insane! Have you lost your mind!?" He was so intense and loud that Michelle couldn't even think of a response, so he continued. "Do you realize that you are already at real risk of ruining your career, your reputation, all of it? And you're doing it without any thoughts of your own dignity, or what this might do to our family!"

Michelle's lips were quivering. Tears formed in her eyes. She lowered her head and began sobbing, nearly uncontrollably. Pete stopped for a minute and watched her. He wanted to comfort her, but he was also still angry and still struggling with jealousy that she had not been forthcoming with him about this fantasy. He needed to understand what was going on with Michelle.

He put his hand on her shoulder, and sobbing, she turned toward him and grabbed him in a giant embrace. Eventually, she calmed down, head still over his shoulder. Then she began.

"Pete, I don't know what has come over me. But even in the manager's office this morning, as he had me bent over his desk, spanking my ass unlike ever before, I was so turned on." She stopped so she could look at him.

"I got into this space in my head where I was thinking about all the stuff that I did last night. And I had this sense of guilt and horror about all of it: the riskiness, the nastiness, the sluttiness. I was disgusted, but I was proud all the same. I thought about everything from last night: showing off in the lobby; agreeing to these guys doing those things for the rest of the weekend; and actually licking Tommy's ass, then all the other guys'. I just let him continue to spank me because it was like I deserved the punishment for what I had done, but it wasn't like I was contrite. It was like I deserved the punishment for not knowing I had all of that in me. It's one thing to have fantasies about crazy stuff, it's another to actually do them.

"All that stuff was for girls that were wacked out or on drugs, but I wasn't either last night. It was like it was the real me doing that stuff. So I let him continue, and make a video of it. And he brought in a new worker from the front desk. She was only 18, Pete, and her eyes were as big as saucers. She even got to spank my tits."

Pete just stared at her, not knowing what to do, what to say. There seemed to be no end to the surprises. If he only knew.

"And then I got overwhelmed, thinking about this shame and submission, and I came again without anyone touching me or fucking me. So I don't know what to say. I can't answer you what has happened. I know I need to understand it, soon, though, because I agree with what you are saying. If I keep going, I'm putting everything at risk, and they are things that are important to me. But honestly, when I'm going, it is as if all of the filters that used to keep me out of trouble turn off, and I can't stop myself. If I didn't know any better, I'd say I had been hypnotized. But I know I haven't."

Pete thought about this but he still didn't know what to say. So, he just stared at the floor.

Then Michelle said, "I do know that we need to get out of here. The manager said he would punish me and call the police if we didn't get moving soon."

Pete said, "Okay, then, let's get out of here."

"First, I need you to tell me what to wear." This was something she had decided on when she left the manager's office.

"Come again?"

"I need you to tell me what to wear, but more importantly, I want you to take ownership of me, like Jim, Bob, Mike and Tommy, only permanently. We'll work out the details when I get finished with this weekend. But I feel like I need to be under your control."

"Why?"

"Well, first I think I might chicken out from what those guys are planning for me at some point, and I don't want to ever ask what if from this weekend. But I also want you to be in control because I'm worried what I might do if I'm left on my own."

"Ok, but we will be doing this on the fly. I've had fantasies of being your dom before, but never thought I'd get to do it, so I'm not prepared yet. But I'll try."

"Start with telling me what to wear to walk out of this hotel."

Pete started to look through her clothes. He settled on a skirt. It was about 2 inches above the knees, and was a nice and flowing mint green skirt, made from chiffon, with a whispy floral design accenting the green. He looked in her make up case and found some scissors. "Cut four inches off of this all the way around. I'm going to find your shirt."

"Yes sir," she said. "The sexy shirts are on the left."

Pete looked at her with an odd smile. He had never imagined someone would see something through like this and participate in their own humiliation like Michelle was doing. She just smiled at him. She loved filling this role, and she thought she was going to love the effect it would have on Pete.

While she was cutting the skirt, Pete found a white crop top that had a horizontal elastic strip above and below the breasts, but ballooned out in between. It was about 5 inches in width, and would have been a cute part of an outfit for going out dancing if they were a normal couple. But Pete was realizing that they were not a normal couple anymore. A wicked thought crossed his mind.

He tossed the top next to her on the bed. "When you are done with the skirt, cut the bottom elastic band off of this top, and then try it on. I'll work on getting everything out to the car, and we'll go get some breakfast. We have to meet the guys at 1 o'clock.

Her eyes got big when she realized what this would do to the top, but she didn't protest. "Yes sir" was all that she said, and got to work.

Pete got busy, and in less than 10 minutes, their stuff was loaded in the car. He came back to the room, and saw that she had cut the skirt, and was working on the crop top. Without saying anything, he went down to the office to check out.

When he got there, he noticed that there was a nice-looking gentleman behind the desk. He had on slightly nicer clothes than the normal hosts at the welcome desk. He then realized that this might be the manager who had spanked his wife.

"I'd like to check out," Pete said.

"Sure," said the man. "What's your last name?"

"Jones," said Pete. "My wife and I were in room 1509."

The man's eyes got big. "You're Michelle's husband???" the man asked.

"Yes, I am. And I hear I owe you a thank you."

The man blanched. Then "Thank you? What do you have to thank me for?" He was thinking he was going to be attacked, not thanked.

"For punishing her for being such a slut last night. Only problem is that it didn't do any good. She came from you spanking her."

"I know. I've never known anyone like that before."

"Neither had I, until last night. It's like a different person has emerged from the person I married, and it all happened last night. I'm still not sure if I like it or not."

"Mister, if you don't mind me saying so, women like that don't come along very often. It's a lot to handle, but if you're strong enough and can harness that sexual energy, you'll never be bored. I wish I had a wife like that."

"Thanks, I'll think about that. See you later."

Peter headed back to the room. Michelle had on the skirt, and was sliding the crop top over her head. She was a sight to behold. Without the weight of the hem, the chiffon material looked like the breeze from air conditioning would blow up the wispy fabric and expose her naughty bits to the world. The ragged bottom came to a point just an inch or two below her pussy and ass. And because it was flared, it was tantalizing to any observer. It was truly scandalous.

The same thing was true with the crop top. Without the elastic on the bottom keeping the crop top flat on her torso, the rouched fabric flared out from the slope of her breasts. Again, as with the skirt and her pussy, any small gust of wind would expose her nipples. Pete was rather pleased with his choice.

Old Michelle would have said "No way on God's green earth," but new Michelle (as Pete had started thinking of her) looked rather pleased. With a seductive look on her face and a sultry sway to her hips, she approached him. Lifting her arms to put them around his neck, she exposed her nipples and gave him a deep, lusty kiss. Pete pinched himself. This is your fucking wife, and she loves doing things you only dreamed she would do.

"You chose well, sir." She said. But can I make one suggestion?"

"Go ahead."

"I think the skirt would look even sluttier if you would cut a slit in the sides.

"You know what? I think that's a great idea," he said, staring into her lusty eyes. "Anything else?"

"Well there's one other thing," she said. "I need something that announces to the world that I'm a submissive."

"Oh yeah?" Pete asked.

"Yes. A collar. Maybe you can see what the other masters think?"

"I think I will," he said, thinking. "Let's plan on it, whether or not the guys want to. I'm your master, too, right?"

"Yes, sir."

"Ok, we'll head over to a shop if one's open after breakfast. But before we do, since it is your idea, why don't you cut the slit in your skirt? I'll trust you to make it slutty."

"Yes, sir."