Jordy Stories - Part Four - My Little Shadow

The following is a work of fiction, meant to be read by adults.  If you are under 18, stop reading now.  

This work of fiction involves mild sexual exploration between a 13-year-old boy and an 11-year-old boy.  Neither of them is a real person.  If such stories offend you, stop reading now.  

If such stories are illegal where you live, stop reading now, and do not download this story.

I would love feedback, good or bad.  Email me at jordan.bradders@writeme.com

------------------------------------------------------

Jordy Stories - Part 4 - My Little Shadow        

By Jordan Bradders   

(c)Copyright 2013 Jordan Bradders.  The author reserves all rights.  Permission is granted to download this story for personal use only.  It may not be published in any other forum, web site or book without my prior permission.


	It was the summer between eighth and ninth grade, and I was working my 13-year-old butt off.  I had a huge paper route and mowed 25 or 30 lawns every week; even more when people went on vacation.  I also repaired lawnmowers and bicycles for my neighbors, and occasionally installed a radio or 8-Track player in a car (If you dont know about 8-tracks, they were the CD players of the time).  I didn't know the word "entrepreneur" back then, but I guess that's what I was.
	I'd started mowing lawns two summers before and had saved up my money and bought a used garden tractor.  It was ugly as sin but I thought it was very cool.  It looked like a miniature farm tractor, with big tires, a heavy cast iron engine, a huge 48-inch mowing deck, and a trailer.  I'd also bought myself a heavy duty bicycle, strong enough to carry 200 normal-sized newspapers in its three baskets.  I only had to make two trips on Wednesdays, Sundays, and of course, Thanksgiving day.
	I was happy to be busy.  My parents were in the middle of an ugly divorce and my best friend was gone for the summer visiting his father.  Most of my other friends lived too far away, so I knew I wouldn't see them until school started in September or at Scout Camp.
 	I first noticed the younger boy watching me while I was mowing a lawn.  I didn't pay him any attention because he was just another of what seemed like a million little kids in my suburban neighborhood.  I spotted him again about two hours later; sitting in the shade of a small tree, watching me cut another lawn.  I ignored him.
	There he was again that afternoon when I was picking up my newspapers.  'Doesn't this kid have anything better to do than watch me?' I thought as I peddled off.   But from that point on, I started watching for him.  There was no way I was going to talk with him.  It wouldn't do for a ninth grader to be seen associating with an elementary school kid ("Middle schools" hadn't been invented then), but I started to think of him as my little shadow.
 	We might have never talked at all except that one day when I stopped to dump some grass clippings I saw three older kids picking on him.   I'd seen these boys around but didn't know them.  They didn't go to my school, and were a year or two older than me.   They started shoving him back and forth between them but it was none of my business.  I was walking back to my tractor when he went down.  I still wouldn't have gotten involved but one of them kicked him.  I saw red.   Dropping my rake, I jogged over and stood over the boy.  They were older than me but I didnt care.  I was big for my age, and mowing lawns and peddling a bicycle with 100 or more pounds of newspapers through my hilly neighborhood every day had built me up.  
	I thought it was going to be a fight, but just then one of the neighbors came out of his house.  When he saw what was happening he casually walked towards us.  Back then, adults did things like that.  That was all it took.  The three boys gave me some dirty looks and threw some threats at the smaller boy, then left.  The man watched them go, then nodded at me and went back into his house.  He ended up hiring me to mow his lawn during his vacation later, so I guess sticking up for the kid was good marketing.
 	I looked down at the boy.  I didn't even know his name.  I ignored the tears running down his face and stuck out my hand to help him up.  I wanted to get back to work but my curiosity got the best of me.  I asked "What was that about?"
	"They don't like me, cause my dad caught them shoplifting in his store.   They call me names and stuff whenever they see me."  He gingerly touched his side where the boy had kicked him in the ribs.
	 I probably shouldn't have.  I had work to do and really didn't have time to spare for a kid I didn't even know.  I said "Let me see," pointing at his side.  When he lifted his shirt, I could see that a big bruise was forming already.
	He lived only four doors away from me.  I'd passed his house a thousand times, and his family was on my paper route so I guess I knew his last name.  He even went to my school and we'd rode the same bus for several years.  But he was two grades behind me, and I'd never really noticed him before.   Still trying to maintain my superiority as the "high school boy," I asked gruffly "What's your name, kid."  
	When he looked up at me he reminded me of a puppy I'd once begged my mom to let me adopt from the animal shelter.   "I'm Kevin."  Then he looked at me proudly and said "You're Jordy.  I live right by you."  Not knowing what else to do, the manners my mom had taught me kicked in and I stuck out my hand for him to shake.  "Nice to meet you, Kevin."
	I was almost finished with the lawn and was planning to go home for lunch anyway, so I told him to sit down in the shade and wait for me.  He did.
	It took me another half-hour to finish up, and then I piled his bicycle onto my trailer.  I sat him on the seat in front of me on the tractor and took him home.  It made me feel pretty grown up.
	After that, I guess he went from my little shadow to my little helper.  He followed me everywhere and I found myself waiting for him in the mornings.  I even started packing extra food and drinks to share with him, and he started helping out with weeding and other small tasks.  He never asked to be paid but it made me feel very grown up to give him some money once in a while.
	He really seemed to look up to me and almost always did what I did.  If I took off my shirt, his was off within a few seconds.  If I stopped to take a leak, he ran to join me.  He made me feel like an adult, which was a big deal for a soon to be ninth grader.
	One day we were mowing one of my vacation lawns.  We finished at about noon and took our lunch break in the backyard pool area.  It was hot, and the water looked really inviting.  Ill admit it; I was showing off for the kid when I stripped off my clothes and jumped in wearing only my briefs.  He hesitated only a few seconds before he tore off most of his clothes and followed me in.  We splashed around in the water and started roughhousing.  We had a blast.  Eventually, we climbed out and lay in the grass by the pool, relaxing.
	 I guess I dozed off.  When I opened my eyes, I saw that Kevin was staring at my crotch.  Back then, briefs came in only one color, white, and were made of cotton.  My briefs were still wet so were almost transparent.  I knew what it was like to be curious so I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep.
	After that I noticed the younger boy's eyes on my body more and more.  One day I decided to take it to the next step.  We were scheduled to mow the same lawn, with the swimming pool in the backyard.  I'd always liked to "go commando," because of the sensations caused by my dick rubbing against the denim, but usually wore briefs when I was working.  That morning, I made an exception.
	Kevin was waiting for me when I came out of the house carrying our lunch.  He helped me load up the supplies wed need then he followed me on his bike.  He weeded while I mowed the bulk of the lawn with the tractor then finished up with a walk-behind mower.  It was exceptionally hot and this was before people worried about skin cancer, so we were clad only in shorts and sneakers by the time we were done.  We were both dripping sweat and I announced I was going to cool off before eating.  Of course, Kevin followed me into the pool area.
 	I carefully closed and latched the gate then sat down to take off my sneakers and socks.  Then, watching Kevin for his reaction, I skinned off my shorts, leaving myself naked.  Without a word, I dove into the pool, knowing that my shadow would be right behind me.
	We played in the water just as we had before then climbed out of the pool.  I stood there for a moment, dripping, then walked over under some trees to where I'd left our lunch.  I sat down "Indian style," as we called it in those much less politically correct times, and waited for the younger boy to do the same.  Each of us had an unobstructed view of the other's genitals.
	I tried to play it cool, eating as if our being naked together was no big deal, but my penis betrayed me.  At 13, just thinking about my dick could make it hard.  Kevin stealing glances at it was more than I could bear, and I was soon hard as a rock.  As always, Kevin did what I did, though this time probably not voluntarily.
 	We continued to eat for a few minutes, pretending that nothing had happened.  It was Kevin who broke the silence.  "I wish mine was that big."
	I smiled at him then lay back in the grass, which felt cool on my back.  In as casual a tone as I could manage, I said "You can touch it if you want."
	That was how it started.  Kevin loved playing with my dick and balls, which were roughly ten times the size of his own. He also loved touching the rest of my body, and was especially fascinated by the sparse hair growing under my arms and at the base of my penis.
	I had no interest in Kevin's body, but I loved letting him explore mine.  I also let him hug and cuddle with me occasionally, but that wasn't the nature of our relationship.  We were just friends, and really just for that summer.  When I started high school in the fall, I had far less time for him.  Then he reached puberty himself, and seemed to lose his fascination with my body.  But it was fun while it lasted.

==================================================================

If you like stories like this one, consider donating to support this website.  Also, let me know by emailing jordan.bradders@writeme.com












