Sharking Sammy
by KimKim5

Sharking Sammy. Skirt and panties down to her ankles.

At our school the guys did something called "Sharking." Yanking down girls' skirts and panties in public. Lots of bare-naked pussy. The teachers said it was just boys being boys. Right.

The first time was my friend Anna. That day she wore a mini skirt... and got sharked in the hallway. Anna screamed and quickly pulled up her panties.

Everyone saw the pics of her naked, bushy twat. Soon there were sharkings daily. Every girl was at risk, especially those in short skirts. Most girls started wearing jeans. Other girls' skirts got even shorter like they were asking to get sharked.

My skirts stayed short. Who would want to shark me? There was nothing special about my pussy. Just a little slit with a small patch of pubes. I was wrong!

The next day a girl yelled, "Sammy watch out!" I turned and got sharked--skirt and panties down to my ankles. A dozen guys saw my fuzzy red twat. How dare those jerks do that to me! I blushed and yanked up my panties...

But my pussy tingled like crazy. Wow. I hurried home to finger myself.

Fuck. The next day it happened again, and my red pussy burned red hot... it loved the naughty attention. Now I know why sluts pose naked on the internet. Rushing into the girl's bathroom, I rubbed my burning clitty to orgasm.

Friday, I trimmed my pubes into a heart and wore a sexy thong. I couldn't wait to be sharked and show off my heart shaped twat to the guys... and maybe a teacher.

At lunch, it happened. Panties pulled down to my ankles. I screamed to attract more attention and just stood there for a few seconds letting guys take pussy pics before pulling up my thong. Of course, I ran to the girl's room for finger fun.

A girl's best friend is her finger.

That same day my big-titted friend. Barb had her dress and bra pulled up, leaving her twat-naked with her fat boobs bouncing. Cool.

I got sharked again after class. Jake was rough. He ripped my panties off, groped my pussy, then shoved my panties into his pocket. Leaving me naked under my skirt. OMG. I'd never been so aroused.

Going to my next class pantiless. It felt like I had a new toy. Sitting in the front row, I flashed my naked twat at Mr. Perry, making him sweat. I guess my little pussy had power.

On the bus home, I sat in the back. Jake sat next to me, trying to feel me up. I pushed his hands away. Then the jerk yanked out his boner and asked for a handjob.

"Fuck off JERK!" But his stiffy touched my hand...and I couldn't help but grasp it. I stroked his stiff shaft as he fingered my burning twat. Soon I quivered in orgasm, and Jake spurted. It's so funny...watching a guy's jism squirt up in the air.

The next day I 'forgot' to wear my bra and panties. Oops! All I had to do was open my knees a bit and give the guys a pussy peek. It felt so deliciously naughty, walking to the bus stop... with a cool breeze tickling my slit and my puffy nipples poking out.

Going up the bus steps, the guy behind me yelled. "Hey, Sammy's got no undies!" Everyone turned, and I giggled as my pussy tingled. I sat next to an old man. The man bent down to pick up his pencil and looked under my skirt.

I gave him a flash of gash and laughed when he started choking.

After my first class, three horny guys were waiting in the hall. The biggest guy grabbed my dress, and within a second, I was naked.

My fake screams attracted attention, and even a janitor came out. They just stared at me. When I bent over to pick up my dress, someone took a pic of my naked ass.

'Hunh? Why would a guy get turned on by my butthole?' Twice more, I got stripped naked that day. And twice more, I had to use a girl's best friend. Her finger.

Later in Biology, I noticed Mr. Perry peeking under my desk, trying to see under my skirt. I was surprised at first but realized my grades could use help. A lot of help. Opening and closing my knees, I gave him a pussy peep show. Then I stretched her knees wide, opening my pink slit.

Mr. Perry inhaled and called me to his desk. "Samantha, I have seen quite a change in your um... personality."

"Sir, do you mean my personality or my pussy?"

Mr. Perry turned red as my pubes... with his eyes glued to my crotch. "Young lady meet me after school. You'll need to answer a hard question."

I left in a bit of a daze. When I got sharked at lunchtime, I didn't scream... I just stood there, letting the guy finger my hole. "Are you happy now Clay?"

Clay laughed. "Yep. I just wanted to check that you're a girl--not a trans. With a name like Sammy and those tiny tits I wasn't sure."

"Fuck you!" Later I went to Mr. Perry's classroom. "What's my hard question sir?"

"Take your clothes off Samantha, and I'll show you." Biting my lip, I got naked in front of Mr. Perry with one hand over my pussy and the other over my titties. "Sit on that desk and spread your legs--you twat tease!"

Yep. That was me. A Twat Tease.

I sat there naked. Mr. Perry's mouth came down, pulling on my nipples, almost swallowing my little boobs. It felt weird having a grown man suck my titties, trying to milk me like a frikin' cow. He spread my pussy lips and stared inside my pink slot.

A lot of guys saw my pussy, but he was the first to see INSIDE my hole... His eyes stared inside me until I squirmed. Then Mr. Perry pulled out his hefty prick... It looked like a fleshy spear... my pussy cringed.

"Young lady here's your hard question: Do you know how to give Head?"

"Head, sir?"

"A blowjob! Young lady do you know how to suck cock!?"

"N-no sir, I-I've never done that."

"Don't worry Sammy, I'll teach you. Just take it in your mouth. Girls have a natural urge to suck cock. It's a necessary skill for horny young ladies."

He shoved his dick into my lips. Instinct took over, and I sucked and bobbed my head. Soon Mr. Perry grunted and grabbed my head, spewing loads of cum in my mouth. "Uck!"

I gagged and choked it all down, surprised at the bitter taste. I thought blowjobs were awful... But somehow, after that day, I had an urge to suck every cock I saw.

Pulling on my clothes, I walked out with a load of sperm in my stomach... and a fuck-appointment for tomorrow. Mr. Perry wrote it in his planner. "Bang Sammy."

Apparently, Mr. Perry taught the three B's... Biology, Blowjobs, and Banging. I couldn't wait.

The following day I walked in naked and spread on his desk. He stared at my virgin cunt with a wild look and a super-stiff boner. "Be gentle sir, please."

"No!" He grabbed my tits and rammed his cock into my tight cunt. "Ouch!" Mr. Perry grunted and pushed deeper. He fucked me hard, jackhammering my poor cunt with that fat dick. It hurt like crazy, but I loved it.

"I've fucked a hundred squirming little twats. Now lift your ankles up to your ears." I did.

Mr. Perry squeezed my tiny boobs and twisted my nipples. I whimpered, bucking on the wood desk. It creaked with every fuck thrust, sliding my ass back and forth. His back arched as his face twisted.

"Cum in me! Cum sir!" The man screwed faster, slamming his cock into my cunt. I gasped and moaned, squirming as we climaxed at the same time. His dick rammed deep into my convulsing pussy.

"Oh, Mr. Perry, you're shooting stuff inside me." My fingernails clawed his back as hot cum flooded my cunt. I climaxed at the same time, bucking in orgasm as his cock pumped me full of spunk.

I was proud that my pussy made him cum, proud to be filled with hot goo. He grinned. "Honey, you have a wonderful fuck-hole, tight and amazing."

"Thank you, sir." My pussy muscles gripped his cock once more, milking out the last squirt. Mr. Perry pulled out his cock, wiped it off in my red hair, and yanked up his zipper.

"Samantha, we can screw all you want but to graduate you need to improve your grades in English and Algebra. And as a clever young lady with a talented pussy, I'm sure you know how to do that."

I winked. "Yes sir."

The next morning, I was ready to play. No panties, no bra, and a super short dress. I walked to class with the breeze blowing up my skirt, caressing my bare pussy. It felt nice and nasty.

The English teacher was old Mr. Max. He pretended to tutor me until I flashed my naked pussy. Max flashed his rock-solid boner... I laughed and spread my legs. Max fucked me with long strokes and a big smile. Old men really love tight young pussy.

After English class, I wiped my pussy and hurried to Mr. Bower's class. The girls called him Mr. Boner. He took off my top and had me sit on his lap... I felt his lump grow under my ass as he sucked my pointy nipples. The guy drooled over my tits then wanted his cock sucked.

"Okay sir." I took it in my mouth just like Mr. Perry taught me and let my suck-instincts take over... But this time, Mr. Boner held my head and face fucked me until his prick swelled. The guy then yanked off my panties and bent me over his desk.

Yes! My pussy was wet and ready...but his prick missed my pussy and accidentally shoved into my butt. "OUCH!" I gritted my teeth as his boner pounded away, reaming my asshole. "Gosh sir, assfucking takes some getting used to."

The sharkings continued, and one day I saw my friends Anna and Barb giggling and running around the track wearing only their Nikes. I was confused until...

**PART 2. CHEERLEADERS**

Coach Bruno called me into his office. Anna and Barb were already there, both wearing football jerseys with nothing underneath but pubes.

"Ladies, our college football team is awful. We need to motivate them. And you gals are naturals for the job. You enjoy being naked in public."

I looked at my friends as our jaws dropped. And I'm sure their pussies got just as wet as mine.

"Ladies we were wondering if you'd provide um... encouragement to the team."

"You mean screw them sir?"

"No Anna, I couldn't ask you to do that. Just a little T and A. We'll start with a scrimmage, shirts, and skins." He laughed. "You girls are on the skins team."

We played, and we were useless. But the players got a chance to accidentally bump into us. They all got a good feel of our tits, twats, and asses. Hell, we got manhandled!

After the game, Coach Bruno yelled. "Now everyone hit the showers. Girls shower with the guys."

"But sir, we'll get FUCKED!"

"Exactly. It's called Team Bonding." Barb and Anna looked at me and we headed for the showers with grins on our faces and girly juices dripping down our legs. Team Bonding turned out to be Team Banging.

I'd never seen so many boners. The three of us got gang-banged... In the shower, on the floor, on our backs, standing up, bent over and butt-fucked. I had a dozen orgasms.

Soon I got used to taking two cocks at the same time, sometimes three. Three holes--three cocks. Me, Anna, and Barb screwed and sucked the entire team... until every hairy ball was drained.

After the bang-bang, I got on the school bus and collapsed on the seat. I didn't care who saw up my skirt. Soon I noticed a nerd peeking at my twat. So, I spread my knees, showing him the fresh goo still seeping down my crack. His shocked look tickled my twat.

The next day, I got sharked in the gym while doing sit-ups. It was that nerd again. The jerk got more than he bargained for! "Is this what you want to see fucker?"

Grabbing his head, I pulled it to my pussy, and rubbed his face in my sweaty slit. "Get a good look nerd. You may never see another one... then his tongue flicked out! "OMG you're licking me!"

He lapped up and down my lips as his tongue tickled my clitty. A zillion shivers zipped through my thighs. I couldn't take it anymore. "Fuck me you little fucker." Pulling out his purple-headed beast, the nerd pounded me to orgasm. Wow.

That afternoon was our first football game. And we three sore-pussy girls were named the team cheerleaders. Special Cheerleaders. Anna laughed. "You know what this means?"

The whistle blew to start the game. We dropped our clothes, and the three of us ran naked along the sidelines, cheering on our team and distracting the other team. We shouted at them every time the opposing team got the ball, rubbing out pussies and shaking our tits and asses.

It worked. Our team actually won. And they kept winning, game after game.

Then it happened. Apparently, there is a rule against naked cheerleaders. Our team was disqualified. Me and my friends were disappointed, but we'd made lots of fuck-friends. Hell, we knew every cock on the football team.

Maybe the basketball team could use some naked cheerleaders.
