The Girl Scout Guide to a Career in Porn
by Sevispac

Every Girl Scout has a very special gift which is always with her and will bring her more joy than anything else she will ever possess: Her Pussy. Pornography is a way for you to both heighten your enjoyment of your pussy and make more money than you can imagine. This pamphlet will help you learn how.

Porn used to be for adults only, but today it's definitely for adolescents as well. If you haven't looked at the porn sites all over the web, you're the only one. If you have you already know how cool sex can be. Are you ready to join in the fun?

How do I know if I'm Ready?
Start small. Maybe a few cheesecake shots with somebody you trust, maybe somebody in your own family. Most girls are scared at first. The important thing is, how do you feel when you first see sexy pictures of yourself?
Mortified? You probably aren't ready yet. Give yourself a year or so and then try again. Keep the pictures, though. Boys love to see a little girl grow up.
Shy? You need to push yourself. Try going to school braless. If you're scared of people seeing your naked pictures, put them up on the web anyway. Once you're committed it becomes easier to do it again. When you do it again, it starts to be fun!
Proud? Now you're catching on! You have plenty to be proud of, you just have to show it. Do it again! Do it again! Harder! Harder!
Horny? You are definitely on the right track. It's time to move to the next stage of Porn! (See below)

What do I need?
First, don't ever worry about being too skinny. There's no such thing. Sure, lots of guys like big boobs, but just as many are turned on by the little girl look. Remember, you're still growing, and so are your boobs!
You were born with everything you really need. All you have to do is show it. Digital cameras are everywhere. Once the photo shoot is over, make sure you have all the pictures. They're sure to end up on the web, so it's important to get paid for them first. (Unless you're one of those wonderful girls who doesn't care about the money 'cause she's having too much fun!)
If you don't know what to do with your pictures, talk to a Girl Scout leader or email any porn site and ask how to get started. Even if they do all their own shots, they'll be glad to help. The porn community is as friendly as they cum.

Should I Shave my Pussy?
Definitely! Hairy is so last century. Shave it bare if you like, but remember there are all sorts of naughty ways to style your pussy hair. A thin line going straight up is a great way to emphasize your pussy. Hearts, arrows, dots, all of them are a great way to show off. The web is full of great pussy hair style ideas. Google "Pussy Hair Styles" or try http://www.dazereader.com/brazilianwaxing.htm

What about a Photographer?
Do you want a professional, or someone who makes you horny? A professional can turn ordinary nudity into a work of art, but someone special can bring out a side of you that can melt the camera. The right guy will push you to show more and do more than you ever thought you could. Just remember to be prepared. Many a nude model has been surprised to find herself fucking her photographer. If that happens to you, be sure to get it on film. Out-of-control moments like that are what great porn is all about.
If you are going to have sex, you definately need a photographer to record all the good parts. Never rely on a still or video camera to capture everything. A good photographer will make sure that everything you and your partner(s) do gets recorded for the whole world to see.
Don't forget you're going to have one very horny photographer on your hands afterward, and it will probably be up to you to take care of him. Think of it as a bonus, and let your partner take over the filming.
Be sure to pick up an Age of Consent waiver like this one for your parents to sign once you talk them into it!

What if my Parents Try to Stop me?
If you're old enough to be in porn you're old enough to do whatever you want. Lots of parents today are proud to have a sexy daughter in the porn industry, but some of them are still "uptight" about the idea. Luckily, the existence of the web and digital cameras have made it nearly impossible for them to control you the way they once did. If you have to, you can sneak out at night or cut classes during the day. You might even want to skip school completely.
Another great thing about porn is that your grades won't matter a bit anymore. I wise girl once said, "you don't have to be good at math if you're good in bed". In fact, boys will probably like you better if you're a little dumb.

Daddies are Your Ally
Don't listen to what he says, look at what he does. Take off your bra or prance around in your nightie. Leave your bedroom door open while you play with yourself. Sit on his lap and wiggle around a little. See what comes up. Look at his pants and find out what he really thinks. Give him a reason and your daddy will let you get away with anything!
Remember that most of very people who might try to stop you are men, and men think with their dick. Whether it's a cop, a teacher, or even your daddy, most of them like looking at pretty girls. Especially pretty naked girls.

The Stages of Porn
Cheesecake No need to show any naughty bits at first. A short skirt, a low-cut top, a hard nipple poking through a flimsy blouse ... All of them just might happen by accident.
But they don't.
Erotica Topless. Nude. Artistically sexual. Don't look at the camera!
Pornography Now the focus is on hot, steamy sex. A cock thrusts into a wet pussy while the camera catches every detail. Cum drips off pouty lips and dangles from her chin. She licks a dildo and then pushes it into her glistening pussy. Girl-girl sex from tongue kissing to pussy licking. Now you can look straight into the camera and let it know how hot you really are.
Hard Core On beyond fucking. Threesomes. Gang-bangs. Bukakke. There's no stopping you now!

Being recognized
It's exciting to have your fans recognize you in public. It's up to you whether you acknowledge them, sign an autograph, or maybe even flash your tits.

What if I'm too Shy?
It's normal for young girls to be scared of sex at first. Even boys your age may not be ready, but one thing is sure: They're interested in you, and so are older boys and even grown men! You might be surprised to know how much they all want to see you naked.
You just have to stretch your limits to get over your shyness. Next time somebody yells, "Show your tits," go ahead and pull up your blouse! You'll feel wonderfully naughty. This is another good reason to go braless.
Once you find out how much fun it is to flash your titties, you'll be ready for the next step. Boys will want to see your pussy, too. Here's where short skirts come in. Just be sure to leave your panties at home!
One difference between flashing your tits and your pussy: A short skirt and a sudden breeze can make it look like an accident. If you aren't bold enough to bare your pussy, let the wind do it for you!

Your Future in Porn
Unlike most other careers, the greatest demand and the highest salaries in Porn go to the youngest, newest performers: YOU. Girls are often able to retire after a ten year career, so you should start as early as you can. Even if you decide you love the life and don't want to retire at 24, there are lots of other opportunities. The Porn industry always needs writers, directors, photographers, and good recruiters who can bring in the newest generation of talent. More and more porn professionals are being added to the ranks of the Girls Scouts too, and new opportunities are opening up all the time in our pornography business. We're eager to keep our girls in the family as they grow up.
Remember, if you're young, beautiful, and horny, the Porn industry is looking for you. Nowhere else can you have as much fun and make as much money as you can from a career in pornography! If you think you're ready to get started, talk to your Troop Leader today! You'll be glad you came!
