Weapons Training

Jack spent the afternoon with Gwen setting up his database. Instead of doing it for him, she talked him through the process, ensuring he could repeat it if required. Before he realised it, the work day had ended, and Ianto was leading him to the firing range.

Following Ianto, Jack was having problems concentrating. Ianto had changed out of his suit into jeans and a t-shirt. The figure hugging jeans were driving Jack to distraction, as Ianto’s pert arse wiggled as he walked. Jack groaned softly to himself. Ianto glanced round at him, causing Jack to blush.

Ianto had prepared the weaponry for Jack’s training prior to the session. Fresh targets had been fixed on the range. Ianto had plans to automate the targets, but these, along with others, had yet to come to fruition.

Jack approached the weapons table, eyes wide at the array available for him to try. He ran his fingers over some, desperate to pick them up. Ianto smiled at Jack’s enthusiasm.

Directing Jack to choose a weapon, Ianto watched the other man make his choice.

Jack took his time, weighing each gun in his hand, sizing it in his grasp. Finally, he settled his gaze on a Smith and Wesson M&P40. He weighed it carefully, gripping it, before nodding his head. It felt good, not too heavy... fitting nicely in his hand. He turned to Ianto, who raised an eyebrow.

“That’s a good choice, Jack,” Ianto confirmed. “Come and try it out.”

Jack approached the firing range. He took up position, feeling Ianto moving behind him.

Ianto muttered instruction to Jack, waiting as Jack adjusted his stance... his grip on the gun... his head position, before he felt Ianto’s hands on his hips – adjusting his stance... before sliding his hand down Jack’s arm to help him aim, Jack’s hand trembling slightly as he pulled the trigger.

Ianto could feel Jack trembling as he pressed himself flush against Jack’s back, his arousal evident.

Jack took a deep breath, steadying himself, before releasing his second shot. It was a lot more accurate than the first, having relaxed under Ianto’s guidance.

They continued for the next couple of hours, Jack trying different weapons, until he decided to opt for the Smith and Wesson. Decision made, Jack allowed himself to relax back into Ianto’s touch.

Ianto smiled to himself. Jack was interested... very interested. But, not now, Ianto told himself. Not now. He could wait. Jack needed time to be comfortable with the idea.

“That’ll do for tonight” Ianto stated. “I’ll pencil in another session for tomorrow. You need all the practise you can get before you go back in to the field.”

“No problem, sir” Jack replied.

“You head of home now. I’ll clear up here. Tomorrow’s session, we’ll cover cleaning and maintenance, as well as practical.”

Ianto smiled as he watched Jack leave. This was going to be interesting.