Kat's Fantasies Fulfilled

I was inside Kat. The way her pussy caressed my throbbing and impatient cock as I pumped inside her was phenomenal.

"You really must learn some self control, David. It feels so good with you inside me, especially when I know your nuts have ached several days for me." Her words alone made me spurt uncontrollably, and she giggled. My nuts had been aching for her. They always ache when I have not experienced her resplendent, sensuous pussy for a day or so.

"I'm sorry, Kat," I whispered to my wife. "You're right. I'll do better."

"I'm going to hold you to that," she firmly said.

"Yes, ma'am," I answered. When she displays the least bit of wifely dominance in bed, I can't help wanting to surrender to her, and do anything to please her.

A couple weeks previous, Kat told me that one of her fantasies was for me to go several days without orgasm before having intercourse on the weekend. The trouble is, when I enter her, my cock wants to do what it was built for - spurting loads of sticky cum inside her. And most of the time I can't stop it.

Kat had me watch as she brought herself to several orgasms using my sperm as lubricant. I wanted to enter her again.

"Kat, can I -"

"No, David. You can try again tomorrow night."

~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+

The following night, I was careful to prolong intercourse with her. I had stopped thrusting several times, before I got close to spurting. Kat was obviously pleased. I was still inside her when she asked me what one of my fantasies was.

"I'd like to see you with Jasmin," I shyly said. Kat giggled. "Jasmin?! Twenty-one year old Jasmin the maid? Oh wow!" She giggled again. Then it was obvious that she was seriously thinking about it.

"She has cute legs, doesn't she?" Kat said. It was not easy to keep from going into orgasm. "And her mouth, and those lips. You want to see me in bed with Jasmin, front to front, thrashing about, our lips pressed together, kissing passionately, don't you!"

"Yes, Kat... Oh God!"

She giggled again as I spurted and spurted.

"Pull out and take a close look at my pussy," she ordered.

I got down and saw her hot, reddened and well-used pussy. What a sticky mess!

"David, I have a fantasy I've been thinking about. It's for you to eat my pussy when it has cum in it." Little did I know that she had chosen her words carefully.

"If I arrange for your fantasy to come true, would you commit to making mine come true?"

I gazed at the mixture of my cum and her arousal welling up. Then I thought of her and Jasmin, arms around each other, moving on the bed, their beautiful lips locked together, their hands groping and bringing each other to orgasm. "Yes, Kat," I breathed.

"Good. I want that to be your first time eating the pie, with Jasmin watching. Give my pussy one lick now, to show me you can do it."

It was about a minute before I worked up the nerve to lick my cum from her pussy. I gave one good lick, and she moaned. "Now swallow," she directed. I did, and she brought herself to orgasm right before my eyes.

The next night was Sunday, and Kat was pleased with my efforts at prolonging intercourse. She let me inside her a second time and her slippery, sperm-soaked pussy helped me last longer.

"I'm going to arrange for our fantasies-come-true night for Friday," she said. "I want your commitment that you won't orgasm during the week."

"Yes, Kat." My heart raced.

"You're going to be lapping up and swallowing a lot of sperm."

"Uhh! Oh! Ahh! Oh God! Uhh!" I exclaimed. Kat giggled as I spurted a larger payload than the first time.

~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+

My nuts had ached all week. I could scarcely think of anything but the forthcoming adventure, where I would see my lovely wife Kat in bed with the slender and sexy maid, who I would finally get to see naked.

Kat had given me teasing, furtive glances during the week, as had Jasmin on the two days that she showed up to help. Friday evening, we all met in our bedroom after a light meal.

Kat instructed, "David, take all your clothes off now. Jasmin wants to tie you to the chair so that you won't interfere."

I thought that was a little strange, but since my cock was doing all the thinking, I went along without question. Kat smiled as Jasmin strapped my hands and ankles to the chair. Kat then took off all her clothes and reclined on the bed. "Jasmin, you can handle him and get him hard before you start getting undressed. Don't let him cum, though."

Silently, Jasmin teased and tickled my cock and balls with her slender fingers until I seeped pre-cum. She scooped a few drops on her finger and teasingly licked it off. Then she giggled and removed her top. I ached for physical contact when I saw her bare chest and pert breasts. Then she bent over and lightly pressed her lips on mine. My heart was pounding. I never thought I'd get to experience her sweet mouth. My cock ached for release.

Jasmin then turned toward Kat, and let her skirt drop. She cast off her panties, and put her hands on her hips. She had a perfectly shaped bottom. Looking at her cute bare legs made my nuts ache all the more. Then the maid turned around to face me and smiled.

Jasmin and Kat both giggled as my jaw dropped. Sticking out from between her legs was a cock! Not quite as thick as mine, but perhaps longer. I didn't know what to say, and my mind was in total confusion. The sexy young maid, with the perky breasts, luscious lips, and cute legs, was a T-girl.

Kat's voice broke the silence. "Jasmin, lay on top of me and kiss me."

She needed no further encouragement, and got on top of my wife, chest to chest. With their arms around one another, they kissed like anxious teenagers. The sounds of lips smacking, along with their excited groans, brought forth a spontaneous spurt of my pre-cum. Kat rolled over on top of Jasmin and they continued their impassioned kissing. No video I had ever seen had the erotic impact of that live scene before me.

Their frenzied kissing went on for several minutes. Their fluidity of motion on the bed caused me to wonder if they had performed this sensual dance before. They squirmed and thrashed about, until Jasmin was once again on top of Kat.

Kat spread her legs, and Jasmin got up on her knees. Her long cock was obviously throbbing with desire, pointing toward Kat's pussy. They both looked my way.

Kat panted, "Can she fuck me, David?"

Jasmin's eyes were wide and lust-filled. My arousal afforded me  no reservations about seeing Jasmin's T-girl cock impale Kat's sweet pussy. I answered in a hoarse whisper, "Yes."

Kat teased, "Well, you'd better tell her then!"

In a shaky voice, I said, "Jasmin - please go inside her. Please fuck her."

"Thank you," she whispered, and prepared to enter her.

For the first time, I saw a cock that wasn't mine positioned at the entrance to my wife's pussy. Jasmin slowly thrust forward until she was completely in, and lay prone on top. Kat groaned.

"Oh, Miss Kat, that feels good!" Jasmin exclaimed.

Kat grasped Jasmin's head and pulled her close so their lips locked in a lengthy passionate kiss. They both wordlessly intoned, "Mmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!" Kat squirmed as Jasmin slowly and deliberately pumped the full length of her T-girl cock into her pussy.

I could do nothing but look on in amazement, and vicariously imagine the thrill that Jasmin was experiencing. I could almost feel the forceful impulses and sensations that Jasmin's long cock felt as her hips tirelessly pumped.

"Miss Kat, May I?" Jasmin asked in an urgent tone.

"Yes, Jasmin! Cum inside me!"

Jasmin took a few more powerful thrusts, momentarily arched her back, and exclaimed, "Aaaah! Oh! Ahh!" Then she pressed her mouth on Kat's and eagerly pumped her hips in ejaculatory ecstasy for what seemed like a full minute. If anyone would have touched my cock then, I would have spurted forth.

For a few moments they lay there silently except for their full breathing, with the girl's cock still inside Kat. Then Jasmin slowly pulled out and pranced over to me.

"Your fantasy came true, David," Kat began. "Now it's your turn. Jasmin, please untie him and lead him over to the bed."

As the sexy T-girl maid undid the straps binding me to the chair, my mind felt scrambled. I had just seen something intensely erotic, surprising, and disturbing all at once. I decided I would sort out my feelings later. I realized I had made a commitment to Kat, even if she knew something I hadn't at the time we talked. I was also intensely aroused and in serious need of relief.

Jasmin's feminine hand in mine felt good as she led me over to the bed. Kat's legs were spread, and her pussy looked well used.

Kat smiled. "The maid left quite a mess for you to clean up. Lick me clean and you can fuck me."

Jasmin giggled as I crawled between Kat's legs. She had indeed left a sticky creampie from her vigorous plowing of Kat's pussy, and I would have bet that she took measures to give Kat the largest possible load. All that sperm from the cock of a maid who I thought was so feminine.

In my aroused state I didn't have much trouble licking Jasmin's cum from Kat's pussy, and the thought that I was lapping up another's sperm made it oh so nasty. Kat's body language, as well as her excited exclamations, left no doubt of her intense enjoyment of my mouth on her freshly fucked pussy. I swallowed several times before her intense orgasm.

I glanced at Jasmin, and her cock was hard from watching me lick up her cum from Kat's pussy. I entered Kat, and plunged my aroused member as deep as it would go. It felt so good to be inside her pussy again, especially in light of the past week's denial of orgasm. Every sensation was intensified, knowing that Jasmin's cock had been inside her and that she had enjoyed it. Kat's eyes displayed worlds of meaning as I looked intently into the windows of her soul.

As I savored the feeling of being inside her, I gave full length thrusts. My cock wanted me to go ahead and spurt my payload inside her, but I wanted to give her pleasure as Jasmin had done. Kat obviously enjoyed my attentions and my willful prolonging of sweet intercourse. She also greatly enjoyed that Jasmine was watching us, getting more and more aroused.

I lay prone on top of her, and pressed my lips on hers - the same lips that Jasmin the maid had enthusiastically kissed earlier. I felt Kat's arms around me, and my thrusting became more aggressive. When I recalled the scene of Jasmin on top of Kat, fucking wildly, I could hold back no longer, and I wordlessly exclaimed as I erupted inside her. Because of the sexually charged scene and my several day abstinence, I had one of the longest orgasms I had ever experienced.

Kat held me inside her for some time until I slipped out, which was reassuring. Then she whispered, "David - lick me clean."

Jasmin interrupted, "Miss Kat, may I do that?"

Whoa. Neither of us had expected that. Kat smiled, and Jasmin got between her legs and aggressively munched on Kat's sperm filled pussy. Eventually Kat screamed her orgasm and pulled Jasmin on top of her. Without waiting for approval, Jasmin guided her T-girl cock inside Kat, and recklessly fucked her until she again spurted and spurted inside her.

I licked up Jasmin's mess from kat's well-fucked pussy, and we all got dressed.

~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+~+

Later that night I was so aroused that I once again entered Kat.

"That was such a hot experience," she excitedly said.

"Did you know she was a T-girl?" I asked as I felt my nuts filling with desire.

"Yes. She told me in confidence once, and I asked to see it. I about came when I saw it sticking out, all hard."

"Had she fucked you before?"

"No - but I knew - I saw in her eyes that she wanted me. So when you told me that you wanted to see us together, it was like a dream come true."

I had to slow my thrusting. "Would you want to play with her again?"

Kat smiled. "Yes - in fact, I have some ideas to spice things up. We'll have a contest to see who can last the longest inside me before spurting. The winner gets to fuck the loser."

I thought of the implications. If I could hold back long enough, I would get to penetrate Jasmin's cute ass, and have my way with her. That would be sweet. On the other hand, if she held out longer, I'd be the one submitting to her long cock, feeling it nudge my prostate with every thrust as my wife watched.

"Kat - I can't - I can't stop it! Uhh! Uhhhngh! Ohh! Ahh!"

My self control had been obliterated, and I endlessly spurted.

Kat giggled. "You'd better learn to control that, or I'll get to watch the maid fuck you senseless. Would you lick me clean now?"

"Yes, Kat."

-----
This story is copyright 2013 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
