"Mother... Father... I hope you are resting well beneath the ocean waves..." Marc tossed the bundle of flowers as hard as he could, his strong lean body easily hurling it over the waves crashing loudly against the rocks. His dazzling ocean blue eyes followed it until it plunged into the ocean, the weight of the rock tied to them pulling them down as his parents must have been when their fishing ship vanished into the seas after capsizing during a violent sudden storm. The wind whipped up some sea spray wetting his hair and Marc brushed back some of his golden brown locks from his eyes, the short pony tail in the back waving some in the wind as he turned to head back to his solitary life.
"Is somebody there!? Please help me!" The voice was faint, but Marc knew the moment he heard it and turned around looking for the source that it had to be close to be heard over the roaring ocean waves. The morning sun was slowly creeping over the horizon making it somewhat harder to see, but after a few more fright filled cries for help, he finally saw a figure clinging against a rock.
"Hang on I am coming!" Setting down the pack he had brought with him, Marc quickly pulled out a very long line of rope and tied it firmly to a nearby rock then stripped down to nothing but his boxers. Grabbing his long sharp dagger in its strap, he tied the rope and the dagger belt around his waist then started dashing out into the rough waves, swimming like a pro until he reaches the figure clinging to the rock. "Hey just hold on I am here to help you!"
Marc is surprised when he finds the person is a young woman, her eyes a deep blue green that shimmered with almost an inhuman beauty much like her face, so very lovely even streaked with fear as it was. She was caught in some kind of net that was stuck to the rock for the moment, but as he tugged at it, he could feel there were weights tied to it below in the water, if he didn't free her soon she would be dragged to the bottom. "Please help me I can not get free...!"
"Don't worry I got you, I won't let anything happen to you!" Grabbing his dagger Marc began looking for the best place to cute and then finally settled on a bundle of thick looking cords of the net. Struggling against both the waves and the current of the ocean he worked his knife against the ropes even as he admired the beauty caught within them, her lovely golden blond hair was dazzling as was her lovely gaze. She smiled confidently at him, almost as if she knew he would save her without any doubt, and the next moment his dagger finished cutting the net. "You're free. AGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Marc yelped in pain as the net snapped free from the girl but part of it wrapped around his foot, pulling him downwards under the water before he knew what was happening. It was much heavier than he had even imagined and part of his mind wondered how the girl could have managed to cling to the rock with it around her. But his real concern was the fact it was now dragging him down and that his dagger had gotten lost when he was suddenly pulled under, now he was the one that needed help but the chances of being saved were slim to none. He struggled, reaching down desperately at the net tied around his foot, panic causing him to do more fumbling than any actually untangling, until he felt his lungs burning with need for air. The next moment he could no longer hold back his bodies need to try to draw air and even as he opened his mouth he thought, 'I guess this is it... See you soon mom and dad...'
The next moment something warm and soft covered his mouth, and instead of the salty taste of seawater flooding his mouth he was relived and shocked to taste warm fresh air. His body was suddenly grasped by two slender arms, wrapping themselves around his waist and Marc felt a sudden tugging at his trapped foot, something was untangling the net and then he felt more things slithering around his body exploring it. He started to panic a little thinking some monster of the deep had grabbed him for food, but then as he was drawn closer into its embrace he felt a full figured human like body pressed against his own. Though the sea water blurs his vision some, he can easily see the bright shimmering blue green glow of hauntingly beautiful eyes right before his own, and then with relief he feels the weight on his foot released and the other appendages loosening their hold. Marc feels a hand take his own and with incredible upward rush, he is pulled to the surface in mere moments and gasps out loud for air, taking it in as if were the most precious thing ever.
"Are you ok hon?" Surprised by the voice Marc nearly leapt out of the water and he turned only to be faced with that same lovely girl as before, sparkling eyes with a smile so sweet he swore he was swimming with a succubus. But the moment he looked closer he knew that she was no mere human girl as long pink colored tentacles wavered around her slowly above and below the water, one of them reaching up to brush some of that lovely golden hair from her face. It was that moment he found himself face to face with a Scylla, and he knew that meant he was no where near out of danger. "I would say that was a close one for both of us, don't ya think?"
"Uh yeah... I uh... ummmm want to thank you miss, for saving me..." Marc was too stunned for words and a little frightful as well, he had heard many tales of sailors being spirited away by monster girls such as this after falling overboard, many never heard from again. But even as he was fearing for the freedom of his future, this Scylla, so unique and so lively was already making his heart beat faster and a tingle flow through his loins as he stared at her beauty.
"I should be thanking you as well, I might have been stuck at the bottom of the ocean for who knows how long tangled in that dreadful net if not for your bravery darlin'." A moment later she swam a bit closer and as she did her ample bosom rose above the water line like a pair of breaching whales, barely contained in the skimpy fabric she wore over them, the cleavage drawing his gaze more to them. The fabric was a silky pearl coloring, crossing over her front from around her back and shoulders, making those firm fully rounded breasts press against it, the bright pink nipples pointing out already hard like masts upon a ship. He was lost to them until he heard her giggling softly and when Marc looked up she was already upon him her tentacles encircling his body slowly but not holding him down, a chance to escape her he thought for a moment.
"You can call me Aliha and I see already you are more a stout man than those who tried to keep me prisoner..." A tentacle slipped over his shoulder slowly and gently, making him gasp for only a moment in surprise before it curled around touching his cheek softly as Aliha's human like hand stroked his other cheek. They both felt so warm, the tentacle though covered in some natural slime, still felt warm and gentle upon his skin making his whole body yearn for even more of her tentacles to touch him.
He got his wish as several more stroked their way around his body, slithering and coating him with her warm slippery natural slime, the suckers on her tentacles careful sticking then releasing his skin slowly, teasing him. One of them finally buried it's way down past the waist band of his boxers, finding his already solid hard cock and the tip of the tentacle stroking his balls, the suckers gently probing them. He moaned and this only made her smile even brighter, her tentacles immediately focusing more attention on his cock, one wrapping around it completely, then undulating around it in such a way that Marc experienced a nearly instant orgasm, his cock starting to pulse. But Aliha simply loosened her tentacles around his cock with a giggle as she heard him groan sadly at being so close then denied. But she rewarded him with another sweet delicious kiss even as her tentacles once against assaulted every inch of his body, so much touching and sucking all over it was like there were a dozen women all over him with their lips. Aliha giggled and then cooed softly as she leaned close to Marc's ear her voice so seductively soft in his arm as she spoke, "You are truly a well endowed man indeed, one such as you is more than worthy of being my husband, or are you still wanting to escape from my grasp hon?"
'Escape...' he thought to himself, 'Escape to where? That lonely house on the edge of the sea, the life of a hermit who is only good at drawing, that no human woman wanted to be with because he lived in such shambles? But do I want this... do I want to give up my life and become a slave to her lusts until she is satisfied then cast back down to the emptiness of my life?' Marc was at war with not only his own heart but the urgings of his own body as it cried out to experience pleasures no human woman could ever hope to bring him, yet to what end if he was to be cast out from the sweetness of her embrace someday?
He lowered his head turning it away from Aliha and for a moment she was surprised he had enough will power to fight the sweet aphrodisiac her tentacles were now producing, no other man had ever been able to so much as blink once he was touched by her in this way. This man was much stronger than she imagined when she first saw him, so brave to cross the raging, dangerous currents to save her and still defy her most intimate touch, but worse still she was exhausted. She had spent the better part of three days clining to that rock, her tentacles so bound that she could not free herself from the heavy lead weight net. If he had not come when he did she surely would have ended up falling into the darker depths of the ocean, an easy meal for the true monsters lurking down there, and that more than anything frightened her beyond belief. If she did not manage to seduce him into her embrace and get him to accept her, her body would fail her and she would be at his mercy with no hope left at all. Even with all that rolling about in her mind like a summer seas storm, within the eye of her swirling emotions one emerged strongest, 'I want you my darlin' human, more than you could know... My life and my heart are yours if you will have them...'
"You have to promise me, Aliha..." His voice snapped her out of her nearly exhausted stupor and she focused her lovely eyes upon his own deeply endless ocean blue gaze, so much more attractive than any human she had seen. The smile Marc wore upon his face was so soft and gentle, nothing like the lustful depraved looks she got from most humans, it was such a sincere expression of compassion that her heart crested as if riding a tsunami. Marc's voice was clear and as if it commanded the sea itself, the waters around them began to calm, sunlight gleaming down around the pair as he continued. "Promise yourself to me and only to me, Marc Halder, and that you will never leave my side... never leave me alone."
"You need not worry about that my love..." Marc felt Aliha lean against his chest, her wet hair draping itself upon him as her tentacles slowly embraced him with such loving tenderness while her breathing slowed gently to a crawl. At first Marc smiled at her stroking her hair softly and marveling at the silky softness of it, but then he noticed that she was no longer swimming of her own accord, and he began to worry pulling her up so he could gaze into her eyes. They stared back at him with such kindness and yet he could see they were losing focus slowly, and she reached out touching his cheek once more, whispering, "Yes Marc I am yours, I have spent so many years alone, frightened, desperate to find one who would love me beyond lust... You are that one... Marc..."
"Aliha? Aliha!? Damn it!!!" Marc clutched Aliha tightly to his chest as he started swimming as hard as he could, pushing his own body to its limits, knowing he had to get to his pack so far away on the shore. It was a long ten minutes before he was able to finally drag his weary body and that of the lovely Scylla ashore, breathing hard and deep but still crawling his way over to his pack rummaging through it. Finally he pulled a green flask from within and hurried back to the edge of the water where the waves lapped at Aliha, quickly opening her mouth and pouring the liquid into his own mouth, Marc leaned down pressing his lips to hers. 'As you gave me the life essence I needed to survive, I give you this in return, now please live...'
Marc held her, held the Scylla, held his love and wife to be close in his arms as the sun made its way through the sky, hours passing with nothing but sea spray and splashes from waves to cool their bodies. He kept Aliha in the water as much as he could to keep her from drying out, but what worried him more than anything was how that amazing warmth was slowly fading from her body as more hours passed. As the sun slowly began to touch the western horizon all Marc could do was hold Aliha in his arms, his every thought and wish to see her smile again even as her body began to turn pale...