The Sexualization of K
byCphucker©

Most people probably wouldn't believe Kirsten if she told them that she never had sex before she turned eighteen. But it was true, regardless of how she might have appeared to people. Judging just by her appearance, and maybe even how she acted, a lot of people thought she was the flirty type. She honestly didn't think she was, maybe they just assumed her kind and outgoing personality meant she must be a slut. She did like to dress sexy, though she never pushed any boundaries or tried to show off her body.

That body was what got to most people, seemingly every male and even some females that she saw. During her senior year, she seemed to come out of her shell and people noticed it. Rather than wearing clothes that hid her femininity, she decided to follow the trends and allow her assets to be visible and yet modest. But when you were stacked like a supermodel fitness queen, with 34D boobs and a gorgeous ass, people just assumed things. In truth, Kirsten tired of it. But she didn't want to stop appearing attractive, and in the end she knew it was a compliment.

But sex was still on hold, as far as she was concerned. While her school friends were out fucking their youths away and getting knocked up and infected, she knew there was a better way to go about exploration. She wasn't immune to the normal desires, and she certainly had urges and moments of tempting arousal, but it never felt right. She wasn't sure she wanted to stay a virgin, but there was certainly no hurry to not be one. This mindset had seemed to work for a while, all throughout her high school years, until one particular afternoon.

It was after the last bell had rung, and she had to go get something she had left in the locker room. It was Friday and most kids were in a hurry to get off school property. The gym was empty and the locker room was quiet, so Kirsten thought she was alone. But as she got to the lockers, she heard an unfamiliar sound that worried her. It was a muffled, moaning sound that might have been someone hurt. She had no other thought but concern when she peered around the lockers and saw two people in the corner, oblivious to her presence. It was a girl, a senior she recognized but didn't know personally, and the girl's boyfriend, also a senior. Kirsten's first shock was at seeing a boy in the girls' locker room. It took her a good two seconds to realize that the girl was quietly giving the boy head.

Kirsten literally clasped her hands over her mouth, stifling the gasp that she couldn't contain. Fortunately they didn't hear her, as the girl was very involved in blowing her boyfriend, and he looked to be happily involved in the act as well. After the shock of the situation wore off, Kirsten found herself quite enthralled by it. She had never seen a blowjob before, though she certainly knew what was involved. She had never looked at pornography, never watched a spicy movie on late night cable, and certainly had never walked in on someone doing it. This was truly a first for her, and she couldn't tear herself away.

She couldn't see anything in detail, but what she did find appealing was the reaction of the boy. His face mirrored the extreme pleasure he was receiving, and it was a look Kirsten had never seen on a boy's face before. He looked so happy, even the furrowing of his brow and the grimacing, which might have otherwise been from pain or discomfort, seemed to show just how happy his girlfriend was making him. Kirsten had never thought about this aspect of sex before. She knew from her friends that boys were completely obsessed with sex, and wanted it all the time and thought about it constantly. But she had never stopped to think of the reasons behind their apparent need and desire for sex. It truly made them happy, like a drug that made them forget all about their troubles. Maybe it was even as addicting as a drug, if it was good enough, Kirsten supposed.

This girl, whom Kirsten would have to meet at a later time, seemed to be exceptionally good at it. She could hear the quiet slurping sounds, the wet friction that must feel incredible on this young man's penis. Though she was a virgin, Kirsten was no prude. She never shyed away from the topic of sex, and in fact was very curious about it. The young man was beginning to fidget, getting close to his orgasm. Kirsten watched intently from her hidden place behind the lockers, eagerly hoping to see some kind of evidence of his orgasm. She had to admit, she found herself wanting to see his penis, and his sperm, or any part of him. When he tensed up and the girl's head was firmly lodged in his lap, she knew she was out of luck. Still, Kirsten's panties were beginning to stick to her.

The girl moaned appreciatively, something that interested Kirsten, who had always assumed that blowjobs weren't pleasurable at all to women. But this girl seemed very enthralled at the reaction she had achieved from her boyfriend. His eyes were clenched shut, and his hand was holding her head softly but firmly in place, while he spewed his cum into her throat. He seemed to continue his contractions and ejaculations for an entire minute, and the girl stayed with him the entire time, perhaps not even taking a breath as she sucked on him. Finally, she breathed and let him out of her mouth. She was as reluctant as he was to withdraw. Kirsten could see just a bit of cum on her lips, and his penis finally came into view. Kirsten's mouth watered at what she saw, the thick shaft with veins and a beautiful engorged head, hair peeking out from his underwear. Drops of cum leaked from the tip, and she felt drawn to the sight of it. She had never felt that reaction before.

"How was it?" the girl asked, gazing up with glazed eyes at the face of her lover.

"Great!" he exclaimed, sighed deeply. "Better than I ever had."

The girl smiled brightly, and even resumed sucking on him.

"God damn," he said, laughing. "You are such a slut."

Kirsten didn't like the name he called the girl, but the girl didn't seem to mind.

"Don't tell Carla, ok?" he said after a few seconds.

"I won't, don't worry." The girl finished cleaning him up and stood.

Kirsten quickly ran out of the locker room, hopefully not making any sounds on her way out. She was suddenly fearful of being caught, though she hadn't been before. As she jogged out of the gym and into the halls, she could feel her underwear clinging to her crotch. She had never felt this aroused before. Even the rare times that she masturbated, she had never been this wet.

After arriving home, she hurried to her room and shut the door. No one was home, to her knowledge, but she felt a strange need to be isolated, as if she was guilty because of what she had witnessed earlier. Was it wrong to spy on them like that? Of course, if anyone was wrong here, it should be the two people having sex in the locker room. Still, Kirsten couldn't deny the way it had made her feel. Her pussy still tingled with arousal, and this felt like one of those rare times when she would need to take care of herself.

She knew that for a virgin her age, she probably masturbated very little. It didn't make her feel bad, though the naughty feeling she got when she succumbed to her arousal made it that much more exciting. She had never been taught that it was bad, and she suspected that everyone did it at some point in their lives. Some people did it their entire lives. But sex was just not something she had on her mind frequently. Now, of course, that might change. She could feel her body longing to make a man feel the way she saw the young man had felt in the locker room. Her pussy seemed to throb at the thought of her performing the sexual act, rather than that girl.

Stripping her clothes off, Kirsten sat naked on her bed, her wet panties thrown into her hamper. She glanced to the laptop her parents had bought her, and wondered if she should finally indulge in pornography, now that she knew how exciting it was to watch people have sex. She honestly wouldn't know where to start anyway, so she decided against it for now. She just really needed some attention from herself.

Slowly and carefully, as always, Kirsten began to trace her fingers up and down her body, grazing her fingertips along her stomach and chest. She found her orgasms were most satisfying if she worked herself up first. She touched her nipples, which might have been large on a smaller pair of breasts. She thought they complimented hers very nicely. She couldn't fit her entire tits into her hands when she squeezed them, which she felt flattered by. She laid down on her bed, her long hair falling all around her. She wondered what a man would think of seeing her naked, whether he would find her more attractive than other girls. She was not arrogant, but she knew she was a knockout. Her lithe figure was nicely offset with generous curves that might have only come from being overweight, if she wasn't so fit and athletic. She knew she was lucky to have such a nice figure, and often wondered what her ass looked like. She could tell from the mirror that it was nicely rounded and tight, but she could never seem to get a good look at it.

Her hands found their way lower, until they stopped at her crotch. She loved when her fingers felt their way down her taut belly until she felt the beginning of her pubic hair. Her fingers couldn't do much more than run through it, since she kept it trimmed so close. She felt the smooth edges of her patch, where she had just shaved this morning. Maybe that was what contributed to her arousal, since shaving always made her just a little wet. She wondered if all girls who shaved their pussies enjoyed it as much as she did.

Finally, after an agonizing two minutes of gentle finger exploring, Kirsten allowed herself to touch her private area, her moist pussy lips and engorged clit. She sucked in a breath as she flicked at it, rubbing it in small tight circles, every few seconds dipping her fingertip into her vagina and touching her g spot. Her eyes rolled back into her head when she would do this, pressing on that wonderful spot that built up fluid in her urethra. If she pressed on it enough, she would squirt when she came. That felt so good, she hoped this would be one of those times.

Pressing and pressing on that spot until she couldn't take it anymore, she resumed the small tight circles on her clit, moving her whole mound around with her fingers in a constant motion. Her muscles clenched involuntarily, her vagina responding to the clitoral stimulation instantly. She allowed herself to moan fairly loudly as she felt the tension building in here core, her incredibly slimy pussy ready to release itself into orgasmic bliss. She would only have to speed up a bit to make it happen, but she never did. She always held off, letting the climax build and build until she was almost crying, needing relief so badly that she would just clench her ass once, as hard as she could, and the stars would explode all around her.

She was almost to that point, her face grimaced in pure pleasure as her hand worked, growing tired and exhausted but never relenting in its duty. Her arm burned, but she didn't even notice it as she felt her vagina throbbing and aching, needing to release the tension she was inflicting upon it. Kirsten cried out finally, completely unknowingly, and she clenched her ass tightly, tightening the muscles that would in turn convulse in their exquisite reaction. Her pussy seemed to push outward just then, contracting and squeezing. She imagined if there was a penis inside of there, it would be unimaginably pleasurable for it. Sex was such a beautiful thing...

Beyond the release she was experiencing as her orgasm rolled through her in massive waves, she felt an extra pulse of hot pleasure as a stream of clear liquid spurted from her hole in three separate ejaculations. She had never experienced more than one before, but she was too engaged in her climax to really give thought to it. She just knew it felt amazing right now, nearly doubling the effects of her orgasm. When it was all over and she was panting and sweating, the feeling of euphoria was overwhelming, and she just melted into her bed. For a few seconds, she thought she blacked out, but when she came to she felt like she was riding on a cloud.

"Wow!" she heard herself say.

"I'll say," came a response.

Kirsten's eyes shot open, and she was too startled to even look over at her door. Was someone really standing there? She would just die...

"I thought I heard you moaning," the voice continued. "Sorry to have invaded your privacy."

Not even commposed enough to cover herself, she just turned her head to see who was there, though the voice would have been enough if she had been more alert. It was her brother, Jason.

"Dear god," Kirsten said, rolling over in an attempt to cover herself, but really just exposing her ass to him.

"Nice ass," Jason said.

Why is he still there? Kirsten thought. She was so embarrassed, but at least it was better than her parents seeing her like this.

"Get the fuck out!" Kirsten said, rather weakly though. For some reason, she wasn't entirely shocked and appalled that her brother was seeing her naked.

Kirsten and Jason were especially close siblings, though. Not close in a sexual way, but all throughout school they had been best friends. Jason was a hunky enough guy, but apparently just a bit too nerdy to be popular. Actually, Kirsten always felt that girls didn't know what they were missing, because he was such a great guy. And good looking too, athletic just like her, and really funny. Maybe that was why she didn't bother to pretend that she hadn't been doing what she had been doing. Besides, she didn't feel that she had done anything wrong.

"Hey, you never swear at me," Jason said, pretending to be offended.

"You never see me naked, either," Kirsten countered.

"Not true," he said, and made to leave.

"Wait, what?!" Kirsten said, stopping him just as he was about to close the door.

He smiled, knowing she would respond like that. "I'm just saying, I've seen you naked before."

Kirsten sat up, forgetting for a moment that her especially marvelous tits were openly displayed. She looked past him down the hallway where their bedrooms were.

"Are Mom and Dad home?" she asked.

He shook his head. "Don't worry, I'm the only one who got to see the show."

Kirsten frowned and threw her pillow at him, leaving her less to cover up with.

"I bet you liked what you saw," she joked, standing up and walking unashamed toward her dresser.

Jason smiled. "In a strange, illegal way. Yes, I did enjoy it."

Kirsten just rolled her eyes. "Seriously, when have you seen me naked?"

"We share a bathroom, stupes." He always joked around with her like that, but oddly she felt attached to him when he called her funny names. "I don't always wait for you to finish up in the shower. Otherwise I'd be late everyday."


Kirsten threw on a t-shirt and a pair of jogging shorts, forgetting her panties but just wanting to cover herself up.

"Well I can honestly say I've never seen you naked. And I'm not in a hurry to."

Jason took the blow to his ego in stride, though it got to him even though this was his sister.

"That's just because you don't know what you're missing."

He walked off, and for a moment Kirsten wondered if his feelings were hurt. She would have to talk to him more later, and make sure he wasn't hurt. It wasn't that she didn't know he was attractive, but she supposed since he didn't get many girls, he might not know that.

For some reason, just then the picture of the boy's face in the locker room flashed into her head. A strange pitiful feeling came to her just then, and she wondered if her brother had ever received the kind of pleasure that boy had this afternoon. Surely every guy deserved to feel that once in a while. Her brother was 19 now, out of school this year before starting college. He never went out on dates. Was there something Kirsten could do to help him out?

She supposed that most nerdy guys probably never got the chance to get a really great blowjob, or maybe even a really good fuck. They were as inexperienced as Kirsten herself. But still, she could probably get laid any time she wanted. She couldn't say that for the less popular guys. Unpopular girls could always get laid too, if they just put out. But guys especially seemed to really need the sexual release. Was she just having an empathetic moment? Why would she concern herself with this?

Kirsten had always had a soft spot for nerdy guys, maybe because of Jason. He was definitely the sweetest, "coolest" nerdy guy she had ever known. Sometimes she fantasized about letting groups of men have at her body, letting them use her and get off. It was just a fantasy, and one she would probably never live out. She didn't consider such a practice to be safe or even reasonable. But still, it did arouse her to think of multiple men using her. She would have to lose her virginity first, though. She had to get experienced in sex first before she could really start having fun.

She made the decision then, at that moment, that she would lose her virginity and help out the less fortunate guys who deserved to have sexual experiences. Not in large groups, of course. But surely her very nice body could be a dream come true for a cute, sweet little nerd who would absolutely adore her for life. No other hot girl would ever do such a thing, they were too busy screwing around with guys that would never respect them or adore them. And besides, some of those nerds were cute.

That night, after dinner when her and Jason were watching television in the den, Kirsten wanted to somehow bring up the subject. Her best friend, and close brother, would surely have some insight into men that she could use.

"So, I've been thinking about losing my virginity," she blurted out.

Jason's eyes widened, but he didn't look at her. "What? Why?"

Kirsten shrugged. "Not for any reason you'd understand, probably. It's a charity thing."

Jason frowned. "Charity? You think you're a charity case?"

"No, I just want to help out people. People who are less fortunate."

He finally turned to her. "What the hell are you talking about? How does losing your virginity help out those less fortunate?"

"Be quiet!" Kirsten said, hoping her parents wouldn't hear. "Are you still a virgin?"

Jason scoffed. "Hardly. You know that."

"I know that you've never fucked a girl."

He couldn't lie to her. "Maybe. Doesn't mean I haven't done anything, though."

"Yeah, but, you'd jump at the chance, right?"

"What are you getting at? Just tell me."

She sighed. "I walked in on a blowjob in the locker room."

Jason's eyes widened again. "Really. Who?"

"I don't know, but I saw the guy cum in her mouth, and his face, and the way it made him feel..."

"Yeah, that's generally what happens during a blowjob. The guy cums."

"I bet you never came the way this guy did. He was in total heaven, beyond any orgasm he ever had before. I could see it."

"Damn, you sure you don't know who the girl was?" he joked.

"Come on, it's hard enough talking to you about this."

"Ok, ok. Go on." His attention was directed entirely at her now.

"It was just something that I think every guy deserves. Take you for example. You're a great guy, and you deserve a hot girl way more than some stupid jock. So why shouldn't you be getting head that good? Have you ever thought about that?"

"Every time I jack off," he laughed. "But it's just the way things work. No big deal."

Kirsten looked him dead in the eye. "You tell me right now that you wouldn't give your left nut to have a hot girl suck your dick, and let you cum down her throat and make you see stars. Go on, tell me."

"Yeah, I want that, but what's your point?"

Kirsten just looked at him for a moment. "I want to do that for the guys who won't get it anywhere else."
"You're a virgin, and you suddenly want to become a total slut?"

Kirsten punched him hard in the arm. "Fuck off, Jason. That is not what I was saying."

Jason winced, rubbing his arm. "Fine, I just don't understand. What do you want from me? Go out and fuck yourself silly if you really want."

"I...don't know how. I need to know what guys really want, even what they're afraid to tell girls they want. The only way this will work, and they won't go telling everyone that I am a slut, is if I really am that good and I can make them see stars. Then they'll keep their mouths shut and want to keep coming back to me."

"Interesting." Jason didn't know what to say. "I don't know how to help you, though. You need a guy that you can practice on, I guess."

For a split second, their eyes locked and there was a mutual exchange of a silent idea, one that was too shocking and taboo to vocalize. Jason was the first to break the awkward moment by chuckling. Kirsten averted her eyes, embarrassed.

"You will have a hard time finding a guy who won't squeal on you," he said. "Besides, how are you gonna be safe?"

"I'll have a rule that they can't cum inside me."

The blatant, unhesitant response caught Jason off guard. "I see."

"Sorry if this is uncomfortable, but I can't talk to anyone else about this." Kirsten fidgeted nervously. "So, will you help me?"

"I still don't know how I could."

"Come on, are you really that dense?" Kirsten eyed him pleadingly. "It's not like you won't benefit."

"You mean...?" He couldn't even say the words. "You? And me?"

Kirsten nodded, hoping he wouldn't freak out and tell on her. "I have to be good at it right away, otherwise it won't work."

Jason's mouth just hung open. He was having trouble processing the thought.

"We'll just do blowjobs for now, that's all I want to do at first anyway. If it works out, I'll start fucking later."

"You're are totally insane," he finally said, still nearly catotonic at the thought of having sex with his sister.

Kirsten glanced upstairs to make sure no one was around, then she figured she'd seal the deal by flashing Jason. She lifted up her t-shirt and showed him her 34D's. He had already seen them, of course, but maybe it would still help.

"You're a virgin too," Kirsten said, "and you're telling me that you don't want to have total access to my body?"

He swallowed, his eyes locked on her tits.

"I'm offering to practice sucking dick on your dick, idiot. Practice, meaning repeatedly, many times, frequently. Are you really gonna say no to that?"

Jason finally looked up from her tits, painfully tearing his vision away from their beauty, and his eyes met hers.

"I don't know what to say. I honestly can't say I don't want that, but I'm afraid."

Kirsten's face showed her loving concern. "Don't be. I'm doing this to help guys like you. It's not personal, if that can even make sense in this situation. But I do love you, and we are best friends. It's just sucking dick. I want to do it, and you want yours sucked. Just keep it a secret."

Jason kept thinking about it, and had to adjust his shorts to keep his erection hidden. Kirsten smiled, and took that as a good sign. He wasn't appalled at the thought. That was promising.

"I really don't know what to say."

Kirsten pulled her shirt back down. "Don't answer right now then. I'm going to go up to my room. If you want to do it, then join me any time tonight. If you don't, then I'll know you don't want to, and I'll never bring it up again."

Jason just nodded, and stared at her. Kirsten smiled back, and left him in the den.

Up in her room, she stripped down to her panties and sports bra, and just laid in bed for what seemed like forever. She thought about everything she knew about sex, which was very little, and tried to relive the blowjob experience from the locker room. She wanted to imitate exactly what that girl had done to bring about that wonderful expression on the guy's face. The thought of being a sort of sexual Mother Teresa was such a strange concept, but for some reason Kirsten really believed that she could be good at it. Maybe it was just a slutty thing to do, or something she would regret later. But she felt like she had stayed a virgin long enough to have earned this.

After thinking it over and over, and admittedly getting more and more aroused by the thought, she had almost forgotten about Jason. A small, barely audible tap on her door startled her, and made her flustered.

"Uh, come in," she whispered. He probably couldn't even hear her, but he opened the door anyway.

He closed the door behind him, and stood there waiting.

"Well?" Kirsten said.

"I have some rules," was his only response.

Kirsten sat up and motioned for him to come closer. "Sit next to me."

He seemed reluctant, but he complied. He sat on her bed, their knees touching. He cleared his throat.

"There's no way we can do this, and not be sexual about it. I mean, it's sex. It just is."

Kirsten didn't know what he meant.

"It's gonna be totally weird if I try and hold back, or if you hold back. We have to just let outselves go a bit, and even if we do something we're embarrassed to have the other person see, we have to just do it. So my first rule is that there is no holding back because we're brother and sister. We have to be totally open and honest, and we shouldn't criticize the other or look down on them for their...preferences."

"...Ok." Kirsten was still a bit clueless, but she didn't feel like that would be a problem.

"My second rule is that we have to come to some kind of agreement about how often we do this stuff. I'm not gonna be selfish or demanding, but I think that if you really want the practice, you should expect to do it fairly regularly."

"That is totally not an issue even," Kirsten said. "I want to do it regularly, that is the whole point. I want to get as good as I can get."

"Ok, well then the third rule is that you absolutely cannot tell anyone that I am in any way involved in this. I don't know about it, I am totally clueless about what you're doing. Got it?"

Kirsten nodded. "I wouldn't tell anyone, Jason."

"Do you have any rules?"

Kirsten had to suppress a smile. He was stalling.

"Well, I do kinda want access to you often. So, should we have a schedule, or would you rather we each come to the other when we want...it?"

Jason's shorts were tenting so bad by this point, Kirsten had to force herself not to look. She convinced herself that she would get to see it as much as she wanted, so she didn't need to see it right this second. Still, her panties were creaming up nicely by this point.

Jason thought for a moment, or at least was silent for a moment. "Well, I guess we should decide if this is gonna take the place of me masturbating."

Kirsten was a bit surprised, as she had never really imagined him doing that. She would be stupid to think he didn't though. And he was right, this would probably take the place of him taking care of his own needs. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to perform.

"I just assumed it would, I guess," she answered.

Jason blushed. "That means twice a day, then."

Kirsten's eyes widened, and she almost laughed. She didn't want to embarrass him, but she was honestly surprised that he did it so often. Still, often was a good thing if she wanted the practice.

"Not a problem," she assured him, even touching his arm gently.

The contact seemed to raise the tension between them, but Jason didn't pull away.

"This first time is gonna be quick, just to warn you."

"Really?" she said, inwardly thrilled to create such a response in him. "You can tell?"

He nodded. "And you have to realize that I'm not stupid, and I know how hot you are. That makes me that much hornier."

"That is pretty exciting," she breathed. "I'm not gonna be very good at first. I'm sorry if it's not that good for you."

Jason touched her leg, his hand warm on her thigh. "It will be fine, I'm sure."

Kirsten just stared at him for a while, their eyes locked together and neither moving. His hand on her leg tightened, squeezing her perhaps without thinking. He was getting horny, Kirsten could tell. She finally looked down at his boxers, which betrayed a very nice erection.

"Let's start, ok?" she said, without looking up at him.

"Ok." He stood and hooked his thumbs into his waistband. "Um, do you want me to do anything in particular?"

Kirsten licked her lips. "Like what? I don't know what to do if you don't."

Jason was getting embarrassed, but he quickly pulled his boxers down and his cock sprang free.

"I'll tell you what feels good, and what a guy would typically like, ok?" he said.

Kirsten wasn't listening. Her eyes were glued onto her brother's penis, and she was genuinely shocked. It was much bigger than she had expected, and although she wasn't sure what she thought it would look like, she knew that the real thing was way better than her imagination had conjured up.

Jason's cock was beautiful, Kirsten wasn't good at estimating its length in inches since she had never done that before, but it was longer than her foot, and she figured she would barely get her hand around it. He was incredibly nervous, but still very, very hard. A single drop of precum glistened at the tip of the head, a very nice mushroom shape that was just a bit smaller than the actual girth of his shaft at its widest. He was circumcised, not that she would have known, and there were veins running up the length. She was fascinated by it, noticing how it was widest at the very middle and was so big and long that it wasn't perfectly straight. It dipped downward just a bit, and she thought that made it look really sexy, like it was too big for itself. It twitched, making her smile.

"Wow, that is awesome," she whispered. She reached for it, but hesitantly drew her hand back. "Can I?"

Jason nodded, looking down at her as she reached for it. She traced her fingers down his happy trail and snaked her way into his pubic hair, her fingers finding the beginning of his shaft. He gasped as she wrapped her hand around it, squeezing it gently. It was the first time she had ever touched a penis, and the thought of it belonging to her brother was truthfully thrilling.

Kirsten's pussy throbbed and literally ached with pain, she was so aroused. Holding this wonderful, massive thing was such a turn on. She wanted to put it in her mouth so badly, but knew that she should make the most of her first blowjob. Still, she found herself rubbing her wet mound into the bed beneath her. Jason took notice.

"If I wasn't going to cum so soon," he breathed as she fondled him, "I'd tell you to go ahead and play with yourself. Guys will love that. But I don't think I could hold out if you did."

Kirsten looked up at him with sparkling eyes. "You know, even if you cum, I can keep going. I don't have to stop, and you can still teach me."

Jason seriously had to hold back his orgasm at that point, thinking about his sister nursing on his dick even after he came. He put his hand around her wrist.

"This is gonna be quick," he warned again. He seemed worried that this would disappoint her.

"Where do guys like to cum?" she asked, ignoring his warning. "In a girl's mouth? Or on her somewhere?"

Jason swallowed, feeling her continue to stroke him. "Depends. If you're not somewhere private, in the mouth is the best, just cuz it can be easily hidden. But in private, the face or tits."

Kirsten shivered at the image of a guy cumming on her face, or her big breasts. She let go of his cock long enough to yank her sports bra off, and reached for him again. Seeing his sister's tits must have been pretty exciting, because Jason groaned heavily and his face showed that he was desperately trying not to cum. Kirsten didn't like what she saw, how hard he was tryin not to experience something great. This wasn't what she wanted, it was the opposite.

"Jason," she said softly.

He looked down at her, knowing what was impending if he looked into those big beautiful eyes of hers. She met his gaze and continued to touch him.

"Don't hold back," she said. "It's ok."

Jason was lost at that point, and when Kirsten felt his dick pulse and expand just a bit, she knew he was cumming. The excitement was too much for her also, and she felt her pussy moistening intensely, soaking through her panties. She held his dick tightly and aimed his cock head at her boobs, eagerly watching her brother's awesome dick as it began to fire sperm all over her.

"Oh god!" Jason said, a bit too loudly. He couldn't help it.

Kirsten didn't say anything, and didn't make a sound as she watched his cum begin to shoot out. His dick twitched with each ejaculation, and a thick stream of white shot across her tits, painting a line of her chest with cum. Another line shot out, thick and warm, and another, until her breasts were dripping with his fluid. She didn't even realize until he stopped spurting that she had been climaxing with him, her pussy leaking a small but steady stream of thick cum and squirt. It felt like she was peeing, and it intensified her orgasm. Jason must have seen it happen too, because he twitched one last time and a final powerful spurt glanced off her chin and splashed across her neck. Kirsten's hand instinctively mashed into her pussy mound and she feverishly rubbed at herself as the squirt continued to pour out of her. When she found her clit, the squirt became a powerful jet of clear, musky fluid that made the room smell like sex. She cried out softly, still holding onto his dick for dear life. The feel of his warm cum dripping down her hand and arm and chest and stomach was too much to bear, and she had to let go of him as she collapsed onto the bed.

They were both breathing heavy, but Kirsten was nearly out of breath and feeling dehydrated. She had never squirted that much before, and she liked how it felt. She felt Jason's sperm on her skin, and rubbed it around, not anticipating the sticky, coagulating texture of it.

"That was amazing!" Jason said finally. "And I thought this morning was hot..."

Kirsten smiled, and glanced up at him with a tired expression. "You seeing me masturbate was not part of our arrangement."

Jason sat on the bed, taking in the sight of her topless and totally sexy. "It should be."

She propped herself up on her elbows, not so inadvertantly making her tits stick out. She enjoyed the attention she was receiving from him.

"I didn't even suck on you."

Jason only smiled. "You still can."

"And you're going to instruct me?" she asked. "Tell me what to do, and what you like?"

"Yep." Jason nodded, leaning back and exposing his penis in full view. It was still hard, and his cum glistened on the head.

Kirsten felt a sudden urge to jump on top of him and let him sink his dick into her tight pussy. But that was definitely not part of the deal. At least, not yet.

"Don't hold back," Kirsten said, crawling forward until she was between his legs. "Even if you think it's gross or something, if you want me to do it, then tell me. My plan is to be the best and to make them cum the hardest."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "And you know that might involve the ass, right?"

Kirsten nodded. "I'm prepared for it, if they are."

Jason smiled and closed his eyes. "I think I'm gonna like this arrangement."

Kirsten rolled her eyes. "Stop fucking around and show me how to suck your dick."

"Ok then!"

The Sexualization of K Ch. 02

All that could be heard from Kirsten's room was the wet sounds of flesh mingling. Sucking and slurping, with very little moaning or groaning.

In fact, Kirsten was beginning to think her brother Jason wasn't enjoying his blowjob. He lay paralyzed, his hands clutching the sheets and every once in a while a sigh escaping his mouth. Was she really that bad at it? Finally, she couldn't stand to think that he wasn't enjoying what she was doing, and she withdrew her mouth from his cock.

"Jason, what's wrong?" she asked, a bit frustrated.

Jason's eyes were clenched shut, and he opened them in surprise when she stopped sucking him.

"Huh?" was all he replied.

"Doesn't this feel good? You're supposed to be instructing me, and you haven't said a word."

Truth be told, Jason had just cum not a few minutes ago. He had thought that would be enough of a damper on his arousal that they could take their time and really work at making Kirsten the best at what she was doing. But in all honesty, Jason had to keep his eyes closed and think about something else for fear or shooting off again. He was embarrassed that he appeared so inexperienced, but she was just so fucking good at sucking him off!

"Sorry, it just feels too good."

Kirsten's eyes widened at his eventual response, and realized that this was a good thing. She was good at blowjobs!

"Oh god, I thought maybe I was hurting you or something," she said, and spread her saliva over his shaft while she jerked him.

Jason winced as even her hand squeezing his cock felt amazing. It must be the incest factor, the thought that he was doing something so naughty with his own sister. He had never had this problem before.

"I really wish you'd just enjoy it," Kirsten said, playfully licking at his penis. "And it's not really helping unless you tell me what to do."

"You're a natural," Jason said, propping himself up on his elbows. That seemed to help, until he looked down at the sight of his gorgeous sister playing with his dick.

"If you need to cum, then just do it already!" Kirsten said, lightly caressing his balls while her tongue played at his head.

"Let's practice a facial," he said, barely able to say the words as he felt his loins begin to stir. He sprang to his knees on her bed, and aimed his dick at her face.

Kirsten played along and didn't budge, eager to know what it felt like to have a guy cum on her face. She wanted to experience it all. Jason groaned out loud finally, and sperm began to shoot out of his massively hard penis. Kirsten clenched her eyes shut and jumped just a little as she felt a warm blast of cum bounce off her cheek and land on her knee. More blasts followed, jumping across her nose and forehead, leaving a sticky white smear wherever sperm had touched her. She loved how warm it felt, but the sticky feeling would require some getting used to. Still, her already soaked panties were intensely creamed right now.

"Wow, you look fucking awesome!" Jason exclaimed, holding his dripping penis in his hand.

Kirsten wiped a bit away from her eyes, and smiled brightly up at him. "I must be pretty good then, huh? This is going to work out great!"

Jason collapsed back onto her bed, not caring how sweaty he was. "I still don't understand why you want to do this."

Kirsten shrugged. "I don't know exactly, but this only makes me want to even more. Being good at something makes you wanna do it, I suppose."

"Yeah, but you're going to be doing this a lot, if you really plan to suck off all the nerds at school. And you're gonna keep doing it, right? Like, not just once?"

Kirsten thought for a moment. "I guess I'll keep doing it until they get someone else to do it for them. The whole point is to improve their confidence and make them feel better. And give them the pleasure that shouldn't be denied to anyone just because they don't have a girlfriend."

"Where were you five years ago?" Jason laughed, his deflating penis resting on his stomach. "I could've used you back then."

She just smiled. "I was always right here, I guess I just didn't realize how I felt about sex. Honestly, I would totally suck off younger guys too, but it's illegal, and I don't wanna get in trouble. I think it's a shame that more experienced women can't help out the younger guys with their needs."

Jason's cock sprang back to life as he thought about what she said. Yeah, she was eighteen and if she even touched a guy younger than her, she could be in serious trouble. But it didn't seem fair. Oh well...

"I need a shower," Kirsten said, peeling off her sticky panties while her brother eyed her.

"You have an amazing body," he said, openly staring at her curves.

"I am blessed, I guess." She just smiled and left him laying on her bed.

**********

Before school the next day, early in the morning while their parents slept, Kirsten snuck into Jason's room and gently woke him up.

"What do you want?" he objected sleepily, not realizing why she was there.

"To suck your dick, silly," she replied.

He was wide awake after a few seconds, and realized she was wearing her pajamas still. Her really sexy, really revealing pajamas. And his morning wood could not be denied.

"But I want instruction this time," she said, reaching beneath his blankets and gently grabbing hold of his penis. "No excuses."

"Why don't you practice deepthroating?" Jason said, throwing the blankets off of himself. "The sooner, the better."

"Ok," she said, and climbed onto his bed. When she leaned down and took him into her mouth, he could see her tits under her loose top.

"Wait," he said.

She reluctantly stopped sucking.

"It's better if I sit up, and you kneel down in front of me. I can see better, and the guy will like that."

She nodded, and obeyed. Jason scooted to the edge of his bed, and Kirsten was waiting for him on the floor. She put her head between his thighs and without even touching his dick, enclosed her lips around it. He moaned appreciatively, feeling that he had been drained yesterday enough that he could actually last a while this time.

"That's good," he said, keeping his voice calm and serious. "Put most of your tongue's pressure on the underside of my dick. Right beneath the head...yes, that's it...god that feels good. Not too hard, just gently and carefully. You're really good at keeping your teeth away, that's really good. Ok, now try to take me as deep as you can without gagging."

Kirsten held her breath, and slid her brother's penis to the back of her throat. She had learned a trick from overhearing some girls at school talk, where you could squeeze her thumb under your fingers for a few seconds, and your gag reflex went away. She had never believed it until she tried it, but it actually worked for a little while. Maybe it was a pressure point thing, or just a total mental psych. But when she did it right now, she found that she could take almost the entire shaft to the back of her throat, and even a little more like she was swallowing it.

"Holy shit!" she heard Jason exclaim.

She felt balls hit her chin, and stopped there. She still had to breathe, after all. And the trick wasn't totally keeping her from gagging. Still, once she relaxed and got used to the feeling of penis deep in her mouth, she rather enjoyed it. She knew it gave Jason a lot of pleasure, especially when her swallowing reflex danced around his head. When she drew back, she could taste precum on his head. She would definitely have to master that particular art.

"How am I doing?" she asked, looking up to see his face grimaced with intense sexual pleasure.

"Great," he grunted.

She smiled, and began to lightly suck on him, working now to make him cum. She figured that if she was going to suck off multiple guys, then speed was a bit of a factor. Not that she wanted to hurry them or make it seem rushed, but she didn't want them to drag it out either. Slowly, and gently, she nursed on his penis, kissing it and sucking and licking all over. She softly held his nutsack and even grazed her fingers underneath to his taint, a place she knew guys really liked to be touched. She had even heard that sticking a finger up the guy's ass would make him cum faster, but she would save that for another time.

"Keep going, just like that." Jason was breathing heavy now. "Oh god, here it cums!"

Instinctively, Kirsten kept his penis in her mouth and continued sucking on it, flicking her tongue back and forth on his sensitive spot just under the head. He saw stars as his cum shot into the back of her throat, endlessly firing off blasts of sweet sticky sperm for her to taste and feel. It felt so good, just letting it all go in his sister's mouth. Her fingers below his balls and her tongue under his head were just right, giving him the greatest orgasm he had ever had. When he could finally breathe again, Kirsten was still sucking on him, moaning just a bit as she tasted his cum and felt her pussy tingling. She would have to get herself off right after.

"Oh god, Kirsten," Jason sighed, his breathing going from heavy to ragged. "You have no idea how amazing that was!"

She had an idea, mostly fueled by her increasing arousal. "Wanna return the favor?"

Jason just looked at her, weighing the factors. She smiled up at him.

"We can work it into the deal, but only if you want to."

Without saying anything, he pulled her onto the bed and sat her down where he had been sitting, and kneeled down to take her place. Kirsten's pussy throbbed as he pulled on her panties and spread her legs.

"I would love to eat your pussy," he finally said.

Leaning back and giving him full access to her private parts, Kirsten lovingly ruffled his hair and watched as his mouth lowered onto her wet mound. She groaned as she felt his slick tongue separate her pussy lips and give her a firm licking. After one swipe with his tongue, Jason realized how good she tasted.

"You shave your pussy," he said, genuinely surprised. "Not many virgins do that."

Kirsten blushed. "That's good, right?"

Jason nodded enthusiastically, and resumed sucking on her clit. She writhed and twitched as he gave her face, bringing so many wonderful sensations across her body for the first time. She started making whining noises, and tried to stifle herself since it was still early and she didn't want to wake their parents.

"I'm going to cum," she warned, and gripped his head tightly against her crotch.

"Already?" Jason somehow said, muffled through her pussy mashed against his face.

Kirsten's mouth opened and she softly cried out as her climax began to build and finally release into her brother's mouth. She thrust her hips upward, humping at his face while her pussy convulsed and squeezed at some imaginary cock. Her fluid began to seep out, which Jason deftly lapped up.

"You taste so sweet!" he said, surprised again. "Is it ok if I keep tasting you?"

Kirsten was almost blissfully unaware of his question. She felt like she was floating on a cloud, so Jason took this as a sign to resume. Except that he was a typical boy, and wanted to go further and conquest new territory. His licking went further down and snaked just beneath her vagina, gauging her reaction before he continued and his tongue found her gorgeous pink sphincter.

Kirsten's eyes shot open, but she didn't pull away from him. She lifted her head and looked down at him, but once the sensation of his tongue on her asshole began to feel good, she groaned and laid back. It was so naughty for him to be doing that, so dirty. But so was having sex with your brother, Kirsten supposed.

"I never thought that could feel good," she said, really starting to enjoy it.

"I've never done it before, but I always wanted to."

Jason was surprised that it didn't taste bad, not even a little. It didn't really taste like anything, not musky or sour or anything he had prepared himself for. He loved feeling her tight little hole resisting his tongue when he went to penetrate her. His tongue finally did get past her tight muscles and the tip slipped into her ass. Something brushed against his nose, and he saw that Kirsten was masturbating herself while he licked her ass.

"Please tell me you like this," he breathed, very excited at what they were doing.

"Yesss..." Kirsten could barely talk, she was so excited.

Jason kept licking at her asshole, massaging it and circling it with his tongue. Kirsten yelped a bit, thrusting her hips and squeezing her butt so tight that his face was squeezed between her thighs. Still, he could tell that she was cumming really good. She seemed to cum as fast as he did.

"It's so dirty," Kirsten whispered, still in the throes of orgasm. She was starting to get freaky, Jason could tell. He never imagined his sister could be so sexual.

He got brave, and figured maybe this was as good a time as any to take advantage of the situation. Kirsten barely noticed when he stood and moved between her legs, his cock positioned right at her pussy. She didn't know what he was doing until she felt his cock head touch her pussy. She started to object, but rather than try to fuck her pussy like she thought he was doing, he moved his cock down to her asshole and pushed at it.

"This isn't really sex, you know," he said, obviously justifying his unwholesome desires.

Kirsten just groaned as she felt him touch his penis to her butt. Could they really do this? Was this part of her plan at all? Still, she couldn't believe how excited this made her. She could let her brother fuck her ass and still maintain her virginity. She was fine with sucking dick, and anal wouldn't be that much different. In fact, she might like it better than just oral.

"I won't promise that this will happen more than once," she said, still rubbing her pussy.

Jason took that as permission, and ignored her weak warning. He spit heavily on his cock, and pressed it once more against her asshole. Accepting her brother into her body, Kirsten forced herself to give in, and her ass opened up for him.

Jason grunted as he felt his dick slide into the hottest, tightest hole he could ever imagine. Like his sister, he was technically a virgin. Kirsten sighed deeply as he stopped about halfway into her ass, letting her get used to his size. His saliva wasn't the best lube for this activity, but this wouldn't last too long anyway.

"Fuck me," Kirsten said, still masturbating furiously as her brother's cock filled her ass wonderfully. She loved the full feeling of his cock deep in her butt.

"You are insanely hot, you know that?" he asked, withdrawing his penis a bit and then stuffing it back into her deeper than before.

She cried out in pleasure, her climax already overtaking her while he began to vigorously stuff her butthole. He didn't want to chance looking down at the action, for fear that he would let loose too soon. But he couldn't deny his excitement, and finally looked down at his thick meat stuffed tightly into his sister's cute little ass.

"Will you pull out and cum on me?" Kirsten said, her eyes pleading with him in her orgasmic haze.

"God yes!" Jason pulled back and freed his cock from her tight passage, barely in enough time to begin erupting in thick splashes of white across his sister's stomach and chest. He spurted heavy streams of sperm all over her body, finally dribbling onto her little virgin pussy. The site was amazing, to say the least!

"Thank you, Jason," Kirsten said, softly touching her used asshole with her fingers. "I can't believe how good that felt..."

Jason just stared at her, taking in the sexy site of his naked sister covered in his cum, fingering her own ass.

"Maybe after school, I can try licking you down there," Kirsten said, smiling up lovingly at her brother.

Jason couldn't believe his luck... 
