Role Reversal 

Jesus, what tits. They entered the room before she did. Every head in the place turned and watched her walk to the bar. She was slim and her hips rolled as she walked. She reached the bar and deposited her shapely ass on the stool next to me. I hate these kinds of women. No man to good enough for them except bad boys. I was a bad boy but she didnt know it yet. 

After she ordered a drink I turned to her and said hello. She just gave me one of those looks that every woman has; dont even think about it, you havent got a chance. Right then and there I knew she was the one. I guessed that she in her thirties and just over 5 ft tall. Her hair was a wavy dirty blond color that fell over her shoulders. Her face was attractive but she wore too much makeup. But it was her tits that caught mens eyes. She was wearing a halter top that showed off her tight stomach and pierced navel. Skin tight jeans completed her ensemble. 

Men were starting to hit on her so I had to act fast. From my pocket, I removed a syringe filled with a fast acting knock out drug. Turning towards her, I pretended to sneeze. With one hand covering my face, I jabbed her in her arm with the other. Before I even had a chance to stash the syringe, she slumped, her head hitting the bar.

Monica, you know you cant hold your liquor I said loudly, laying claim to the drugged woman. I better get you home. Wrapping an arm around her, I half carried, half dragged from the bar. A few men made jealous comments but I just smiled and continued out of the bar.

Hailing a cab and giving the driver the address, we were off. Within a few minutes we had reached our destination. I paid the driver and carried my prize into the house and down to my playroom. She was not the first to visit. Dumping her in a chair, I pushed a button on a hanging switch which lowered a devise that I created. In essences, it was a padded board with two prongs extending outward. The purpose of the devise was to hold her upright by the arm pits. A padded head rest angled slightly backward to hold her head. I positioned her so that she was on her knees and her mouth was at cock level. The chase had made me horny that I was going to use her mouth first then her body.

I stripped off my clothes and stroked my cock. Im proud of my body. I work out and dont have a once of fat on me. Im even prouder of the fact that I can come and not lose my hard-on. Be skeptical if you want, I dont care.

Opening her mouth, I fed her a few inches of my cock. Her mouth was warm and I felt a tingling in my balls. I always loved the feeling of power having someone on their knees and a mouthful of cock. Closing her mouth around me, I slid deeper. When I hit her throat, I was surprised that it opened and my cock continued down her gullet. I sawed back and forth, pulling my cock back to her lips then plunging it back down her throat. She didnt gagged and in her drugged state, her lips wrapped around me. That made me so hot that I fucked her face in earnest. Within a few minutes, my balls tightened and I was ready to cum. Grabbing her head, I thrust as deeply as I could and deposited my load directly into her belly. My hips bucked as I shot spurt after spurt down her throat. My orgasm was so intense that my knees buckled. I fell slightly backwards and my cock left her mouth. Her mouth stayed open and Id wished I had a camera. She looked so gorgeous.

My orgasm was so intense that I had to sit down before I fell down. This chick had gotten to me and I hadnt said more than two words to her. Angered, I raised her up until only her feet touched the floor. Tearing off the halter, I slapped her tits. She moaned but didnt wake up. I took her hard nipples in my fingers and squeezed them as hard as I could. Her head tossed but her eyes stayed closed. I pinched and pulled them until they stuck out like erasers. 

Getting bored, I stripped of her pants leaving her in white lacy panties. My anger subsided to be replaced with lust. Her body was gorgeous. I tore my gaze from her heaving tits down to her tiny waist, past her panty covered crotch to her athletic thighs. I could fall in love with this woman given the right circumstances but at the moment she was my captive. 

I was breathing heavily and wanted to see her pussy. Kneeling, my face was now at her crotch level. I peeled the silk underwear slowly down exposing her silky smooth skin. I couldnt wait any longer and ripped them off. 

What I saw made me lose my hard on for the first time in my life. A semi hard cock stared at me from two inches away. My initial reaction was to bite the rod in half and stuff down her throat but sanity returned. Looking again at her cock, a drop of liquid appeared at her piss hole. Without thinking, I licked it. It tasted salty. For some reason, I had a burning desire to suck this cock I laughed at the image in my head. Me, a macho dude, sucking cock. It turned me on. My cock got as hard as a rock. 

I licked the head, then, bathed it with my tongue. The desire to take in my mouth got stronger. I couldnt resist. I sucked down as much as possible. The cock head hit the back of my mouth and entered my throat. I gagged a little but didnt spit it out. I was so turned on that I felt myself leak. Closing my eyes, I concentrated on sucking cock. I pulled my head back until the head was just on my lips and them thrusting forward until it was embedded in my throat. The cock felt so good and right in my mouth. I held in my mouth and let the feeling flow through me. 

Then I was knocked on my ass. She had awoken and was on top of me, grinning like a cheshire cat. Raising my legs she exposed my asshole. She was going to fuck me. I struggled but she had the advantage and leverage. I stopped my struggling and fell back, resigned to my fate but still full of lust. I was so turned on by this woman that I wanted her to take my ass cherry.  Her smile turned evil and she thrust forward, ramming her cock as deep as possible up my ass. I screamed; the pain was intense. 

She still hadnt said a word; her eyes burning with anger and lust. She fucked me mercilessly, pulling her cock almost out of me then ramming it back in. The pain had subsided and I found myself panting. I couldnt believe that I liked being fucked. As if to emphasis the fact, my hips rose with each of her thrusts trying to get more of her in me. 

Her eyes were closed again and fucked me as hard as she could.  I was so full of lust that I grabbed my cock and jerked myself off to her fucking. She kept pounding away and I was so turned on that my balls tightened. I was going to cum. I groaned and stroked myself as fast as I could.  She continued to pound me and I shot my load, hitting myself in the face.  My orgasm beat any blow job I ever got and thats saying a lot.

Opening her eyes, she saw the cum on my face. Letting go of my legs, she leaned down and licked my jism. It made me horny all over again. She was fucking me so hard I knew that my tailbone would be sore. 

After she cleaned my face, she stuck her tongue down my throat and I came again; this time all over her tits which triggered her orgasm. She reared up and rammed me with all her might. I felt her seed deep in my bowels. It felt so good that I squeezed my asshole trying to milk every last drop out of her. 

She fucked me for a few more minutes and collapsed onto my chest. I wrapped my arms and legs around her and held her tight. We stayed there until she went limp. 

I love you I said as I lead her to my bed. We havent been apart since and I have given up women; Its cock for me from now on.


(Check out my other stories at my web page - love to hear from you)

Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
www.asstr.org/~tylerthane



