“bad day”at high school
by Anonymous

1st “bad day”at high school

Hi, my name is Carol, I’m 5’4” 102lbs and a 32 C and when I was 15 yrs old and at the end of my freshman year there was a incident at school that caused me torture and humiliation.
Growing up, I went to school with all the same people through the years, I didn’t really hang with anybody, I was the only 4.0 student in my class.
One day in science class our teacher Mr. Blackmon asked everyone to gather around him at the table in front of the classroom where he was to do a experiment. The class consisted of all grades, and being better than all I was front and center. As Mr. Blackmon was mixing some chemicals, it became unstable and erupted quickly, this girl named Ashley who was the most popular student, she was a senior and was head cheerleader, screamed “whoa” which made the teacher jump, knocking the the experiment causing it tip, I reached out and caught as it spilled over the top and down all over my hands, burning the hell out of them.
I was sent to the nurses office,I told the nurse exactly what happened as she looked at my hands and said it would be okay but she’d have to put on some cream and bandage them up for a week.
She said I could go home but I said “no, I’m not risking my grades”.
As I was learning that having my hands wrapped up like clubs, I needed help with everything from opening doors to taking notes in class.I felt a little extra cold shoulder from everyone as the day went on. So on my way to lunch I was walking past Diane when I heard her say “hey Carol” as I turned back she stood in front of me, I said “ yeah, whats up” just then I felt the back of my skirt lift and someone grabbing my panties, as I was trying to see who it was, Diane reached under and grabbed the front and they lifted up letting my blue nylon panties cut into my pussy and ass, they began shaking up and down/back and forth as I began to cry in pain. Billy was behind me, he was Ashley’s boyfriend and he told me “you shouldn’t of blamed Ashley for those burns you dumb bitch” and then they dropped me.I ran to the nearest bathroom in tears, my underwear burning in my crotch worst than my hands. And again I realize I’m helpless to pull my panties out of my cracks with these bandaged clubs.
Just then I heard the door open and I saw Judy walk in, as she looked at me she asked “what happened “ I said sobbing “they just gave me a painful wedgie in the hallway because they think I told on Ashley” she said “don’t worry everything will be okay now let me help you” she slid my skirt down to get my panties out and pulled them down to above my knees, she said “I have some ointment to help the pain” she reached in her purse and pulled out a tube of something, as she pulled up my panties I felt a large amount of the cream against my vagina then she proceeded to squeeze more into her hands and without hesitation she pulled my blouse open to expose my light blue bra and put her hands inside and start rubbing my breast vigorously.
I stood there in shock wandering what’s going on, and then I could feel the heat starting to burn in my bra as she pushed me back against the vanity, she then reached down and slapped my vagina and started rubbing it really hard and fast, my boobs were on fire and everything inside my panties burned intensely causing me to cry loudly. As she pushed me down she said “never mess with Ashley you stupid bitch” and left.
I must of laid there for about 1/2 an hour rolling around in pain when I heard the door open again, this time it was Lisa, my step sister, as she knelt down to me she asked “are you okay what did they do to you” she was the only person I was close to, I told her everything while sobbing, she stripped me down and attempted to wash my bra and panties in the sink and wipe me with cold water, she even switched her panties with me after she saw how red and inflamed my vagina was.
It was a long walk home but at least Lisa was with me, she would pour cold water down my panties every few blocks until we got home.
Day 1, over thank god, we’ll see what tomorrow brings


2nd “bad day” at high school

The next morning I woke to my alarm going off and I still having bandaged hands, I was unable to shut it off, thankfully my sister Lisa came to my rescue “ mornin sis” she said “let me take a quick shower and I’ll come get you dressed”. When she came in we decided I should wear a yellow summer dress as it would be easier using the bathroom, I also picked out a pair of loose fitting panties.
At school, my first and second classes went smooth, almost like the events of yesterday never happened. My third class was gym, with teacher Miss Konkel. I went in early to discuss my dilemma and she said “no problem, I’ll help you change” as it turned out, my sundress was great idea, she slipped it right over my head and put on my shorts and T shirt. Near the end of class she came up to me in a hurry “I have an emergency, have Bethany change you after class” I tried to say no, but she was ran off. Bethany was big girl and I believe she only likes girls, so later in the locker room I was waiting to see who else I could ask. When Diane, Judy and Nicole walked in and headed straight towards me, I started to say “NO PLEASE.....I DONT WANT ANYMORE TROUBLE......PLEEEAASSE” and then Nicole reached out, grabbing my hair and proceeded to drag me out of the locker room and to the weight lifting room.
As we entered the room I kept begging and pleading with them but to no avail, they tied me up against the equipment “Ashley would like to talk to you” whispered Diane in my ear, and then I heard Ashley said “...in bitch....I never liked you, what makes you better than us” then Judy spoke up “take her clothes off and let’s all see what makes her better” I started to panic and then cry “NO PLEASE.......IM SORRY” but she ignored my plea and pulled out a pair of scissors and cut my shirt off, then she snipped my bra letting my boobs free. Just then I saw 2 guys walk in, Billy and Jacob, they started talking shit immediately “this ... hasn’t learned yet” Billy said loudly. Then I felt my shorts and panties get pulled down to my ankles.
Ashley yells out “ANYONE HAVE SOME IDEAS” just then I hear a voice behind me “I WANT HER” it was Bethany, and then Billy, Jacob, Nicole and Judy start laughing and egging her on.
Standing there totally naked, tears running down my face I feel her come up behind, reaching between my legs and started caressing my vagina while her other hand begins massaging my breasts as she whispers “your mine now”
while crying I said “I’m not into girls”
“We’ll see” she said while smiling at everyone in the room.
No matter how much I resisted, I could feel myself getting moist inside, then she pulled away for a minute, still behind me, I heard a buzz, then I felt it, she started touching me with a vibrator against my labia, just brushing my clitoris, “holy shit” I was thinking, For as much as I was embarrassed I was very much aroused too. “HOLY ...” Ashley screamed “LOOK AT THIS SLUT.......SHES CUMMING DOWN HER LEG” and then I could feel it and I heard Jacob say “al least put her panties back on, i ...ing work out here, I don’t want her cum all over the floor”.
Bethany reached down and began pulling up my panties, then she slowly inserted the vibrator inside me “OHHHHHHH” I moaned as everyone else was laughing and pointing, then she applied super glue to crotch of my panties to ensure that it wouldn’t fall out, they took a turn spanking me, they untied me, took a few pics and they all left.
I made it back to the locker room but no further “OHHHHHHH” I cried every time I had a orgasm, as I laid on one of the benches I heard someone come in, it was Bethany “I can’t leave you like this” she said with a grin, she picked me up and held me against the lockers, there was a visible bulge of cum in the front of my satin panties, she carefully pulled them loose, slid them down my legs while I continued having orgasms, she lifted them to my face and said “have you ever tasted your self” and she pinched and twisted my titty until I opened my mouth, the wet wad of panties barely fit,I tried to spit them out but she held her hand over my mouth.
After she made me suck them dry, she whispered “its my turn “ she laid me down on the bench and tied my arms under it leaving me on my back totally naked.
This was the first time I ever saw her wearing a skirt, and as she went to straddle the bench and my face I could see she was not wearing panties, she began to sit on my face, it smelled horrible, she screamed “LICK IT” over and over, I could feel her playing with the vibrator, for what seemed to be forever.
All of sudden I heard some muffled yelling, then Bethany stood up, just in time to breathe, it was Miss Konkel “get the hell away from her” Bethany ran out leaving my face covered with juices, noticing that I was having a forced orgasm, Miss Konkel attempted to pull the vibrator out of me, and as she touched me I squirted all over her arm. By the time she got it out of me I was so dehydrated, she had to keep me in her office all day drinking fluids before I could go home. 2nd “bad day “ over



