Anna's First Exposure
by ExhibitionistErika

A new mom takes advantage of her quiet neighborhood.

Anna, a fit 32 year old mom, was still getting used to the feeling of being alone all the time. While her husband worked, and her kids started school, she struggled to find ways to fill her new found free time.

On one particularly warm April day, she found herself freshly showered, wrapped in a towel. She was letting her hair air dry as she walked around the house taking care of various chores.

Beads of water slowly dripped down the nape of her slim neck as she re-tied her towel around her breasts, squeezing them tightly together. She laughed at how diligently she was making sure she was covered up properly, seeing as no one was around.

She worked so hard on her body, that it was almost a shame no one was around to see what lay under her towel. She wished her husband was home, and imagined walking around nude to tease him.

A noise chimed from the garage.

"The laundry!" Anna said to herself, snapping her out of her daydream.

She scampered across the living room towards the garage door, her bare feet pattering against the hardwood floor.

Before thinking, she swung the door open, stepping out into the garage.

"Oh shit!" She whispered, not realizing her husband had left the garage door open.

She stood in shock as she stared out into her neighborhood.

It was quiet. No signs of people or cars, no wind, nothing in sight. She was still getting used to how dead the suburbs became during the day once everyone left. It felt as if she may have even been the only one still home on their entire block.

"Ah, what the hell," she thought to herself.

There's no way anyone would be around to see her, plus, it was so quiet that if someone was coming she certainly would have been able to hear them.

Snapping out of her trance, she walked over to the laundry machine, opening it, slowly transferring each piece of clothing to the dryer, taking time to make sure each item was straightened out.

"It's so damn dead around here, I doubt anyone would even notice if I was naked!" She laughed to herself as she reached up towards the dryer sheets.

As her hand met the box, she felt her towel begin to slip from her breasts.

In a panic, she grabbed the dryer sheet and quickly grabbed the towel before it fell too far, dutifully fixing the knot.

"Damn, that was close!" she laughed, tossing the sheet into the dryer, and clicking start.

Anna turned from the laundry area, returning back towards the door. As her hand met the cool, metal knob, she paused.

She was still thinking about how quiet her street was.

"You know.. I bet I really could be here naked without anyone knowing," She thought to herself as she peered back out into the neighborhood. Not a soul to be seen.

She was already a little horny, previously imagining walking around nude while she did her chores, enticing her husband.

She started imagining what it would be like, seeing her husband's face as he pulled into the driveway to find her standing there naked, bold, waiting for him.

Anna bit her lower lip, lost in fantasy.

A mischievous grin began to grow, as her hand slowly moved up towards the knot in her towel.

Her life had been so busy and serious in recent years, caught in the routine of raising kids and taking care of a house. It felt exciting to be teasing with the idea of something so risky and naughty.

"I mean.. There really isn't anyone around.." she spoke to herself, hyping herself up.

Her hand started to slowly tug on the knot. In an instant the towel freed itself, falling off of her still slightly damp body, dangling from her hand.

A wave of cool air rushed up and down every inch of her damp, toned body.

Anna gasped as goose bumps began to form all over, her nipples instantly tightening.

Still holding her breath in, she stood there, half smiling, attempting to process the feelings rushing through her. She was terrified and slightly in shock. She felt incredibly free, and the unmistakable feelings of arousal began to course through her veins.

She slowly laid the towel down on the couch they had stored in their garage. Her hands shook slightly, wearing a massive grin across her face.

"Oh my god!" Anna whispered to herself. She couldn't believe what she was doing.

She slowly started walking around the garage, pretending to be busy, as if nothing was out of the ordinary, checking items, rearranging others, all the while keeping a watchful eye on the street in front of her.

She couldn't believe how much she was enjoying herself. It had been a while since she had done anything so exciting.

Eventually she stopped pretending to be doing anything and stood naked, from head to toe, looking out, down the street. Her hands started slowly moving up and down her body. Arousal began to get the best of her as she began pinching her nipple in one hand, and tightly squeezing her ass with another.

"I'm so bad.." Anna whispered to herself.

She knew that if someone were to come by, there's no way she'd be able to explain herself.

This was a new and wild feeling for her. Even though she still stood in relative safety near the back of the garage, she'd never felt so exposed. Who knows if someone was looking out through a window at her that she couldn't see.

Suddenly she felt her feet begin to move, almost as if she was on autopilot. She loved the rush she felt from standing where she was, but started to crave more.

She clasped her hands timidly behind her back as she slowly tip-toed towards the front of the garage. The cool cement floor under her feet sent shivers up her body.

Finally she stopped, standing at the edge of the garage.

"Holy fuck.." Anna giggled to herself

She slowly peaked her head out past the threshold of the garage, looking left and right around the neighborhood. Now if someone from any direction looked towards their house, they'd surely see her.

Her hand met her pussy, as she continued to slowly scan the street.

"Fuck I'm wet!" Anna whispered to herself in disbelief.

She looked down at her bare feet. Her toes lined up against the distinct line marking the end of her garage, and the beginning of their driveway.

Even though she was on full display, she was still on her property.

"Fuck it," she giggled.

Taking another leap of faith, Anna stepped out onto the driveway. Her ears were nearly ringing. Her cheeks and chest were flushed red, as she stepped out into the neighborhood.

She moved slowly with baited breath as she stepped forward, further and further into view and away from safety. The immediate switch to warm cement under her feet served as a stark reminder of her state of exposure.

Anna made it to the sidewalk, and stood in shock. She slowly began pinching her nipples with shaking hands as she nervously looked around.

This wasn't a bad dream, she was really standing completely naked in front of her house, on full display.

People in the neighborhood always seemed to take notice of her body during parties and gatherings. Anna laughed to herself, thinking of all the friends and dads she knew were missing out on the sight of a lifetime.

She started rubbing her pussy, spreading her legs slightly.

The warm air caressing every inch of her body, her toes gripping against the warm sidewalk, her fingers quickly rubbing her wet clit all started to be too much too bear, as she continued to look around frantically, lost in a torrent of fear and arousal. Feeling so exposed and vulnerable, doing something so brazen made her feel so confident, she'd never felt such a rush.

The sudden sound of an approaching car snapped her out of her hypnosis.

Turning around she sprinted back into the garage, diving behind the couch.

Peaking out, she watched the car pass by. She recognized it. Her mouth nearly hit the floor. She couldn't believe she was that close to someone she knew seeing her standing completely naked in public, fingering herself.

"Shit!" Anna cursed herself, how would she have explained that.

But at the same time, the thought of being seen felt so exciting.

She slowly started massaging her wet pussy once again. She was way too horny to go back to safety just yet.

Her need for satisfaction battled against her fear of being caught.

The mischievous smile returned as the need for satisfaction began to overtake her.

She stood up, running back out towards the sidewalk, giggling uncontrollably.

Anna sat down on the edge of her driveway. She gasped as her ass touched the warm cement, her legs spread outward, feet planted on the sidewalk.

She held herself up with one arm, while her other hand quickly returned to fingering her soaking wet pussy. She moved her fingers in and out, taking breaks to rub her clit. She made no attempts at modesty as she looked down at her nude body.

Beads of sweat began to form on her flushed chest. She smiled in admiration as she watched herself. As she breathed and moaned, she could see the slight outlines of her ribs at the top of her breath, and her toned belly at the bottom. All her hard work was paying off. It was almost a shame that no one was around to see her like this.

As continued rubbing her clit, writhing in ecstasy, she felt an orgasm approaching. At this point she was too lost in her feelings and arousal to pay attention to her surroundings.

Anna gasped deeply as she felt herself dive over the point of no return. She fell onto her back, legs still spread, as she continued wildly rubbing her pussy. She started bucking her hips back and forth, moaning louder and louder.

Suddenly the sound of a car broke the silence.

"Shit!" Anna yelled.

She didn't know what to do, the first waves of her orgasm were already in full effect. She felt as if she was pinned to the sidewalk, her head was spinning. She was caught.

Her fear and panic only added to her arousal. Every second that passed seemed like a lifetime. Her rational brain was screaming at her to get up and run for cover, yet she was far beyond the point of being in control of her body. If the car passed her house they were in for quite the sight.

Anna surrendered to her feelings, fingering her pussy and squeezing her breast tightly.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck.." She moaned as she reached the peak of her climax.

The car finally entered her peripheral vision.

"Oh my fucking god!" She whispered loudly to herself.

She couldn't bear to look. Anna kept her eyes trained down at her body as she continued fucking herself in clear view of the entire neighborhood.

She heard the car slowly passing by as she covered her mouth with her free hands, desperately trying to stop herself from screaming.

Wave after wave of her orgasm reverberated through her body, as the car finally sounded like it was passing.

When she finally began coming down from her climax, she was barely able to muster the strength to look up. She was practically seeing stars.

The car was continuing down the street normally.

Breathing heavily, she looked down at her sweaty, naked body. The cement was dark and wet around her. Soaked by her cum and sweat.

Shakey, sweaty, and shivering, Anna slowly stood herself up.

Anna moved her frazzled hair out of her face as she began walking back into the garage.

A slow walk was all she could manage as she slowly felt herself returning to normal. Rationality began to set back in after her release.

"What the fuck..." Anna whispered to herself.

What had she just done? She had no idea if the people in the car had seen her or not. Thankfully she didn't think she recognized the car.

Anna grabbed the living room door knob, flinging the door open, and slamming it behind her. She slid down, sitting on the cool hardwood floor, running her hands through her damp, sweaty hair. Her towel still flung over the couch in the garage. It was obvious that she was going to need another shower.

She had no idea how the events that had just taken place had ended up happening, but she knew that she'd just unlocked a new addiction. She was already looking forward to her next experience.
