Schoolgirl Seductress
by cruiser_2015

I encounter a young seductress at St. Matilda’s Academy.

I'm one of the few male teachers at St Matilda's Academy for Young Ladies, an expensive English private school for the daughters of rather well off parents. I teach a final year class of eighteen to nearly nineteen year old girls, all seeming to be trying to outdo each other in showing off their wares in the shortest skirts and the tightest, thinnest blouses school regulations allow them to get away with.

Aged only thirty I consider myself lucky to be working in such a prestigious establishment and such a voyeur's paradise. I hadn't been at St. Matilda's long when I discovered that St. Matilda's had more to offer than just "wank fodder" voyeur sex for my masturbation fantasies.

Among my young beauties I soon noticed Ruth had her eyes on me. Three months short of nineteen, Ruth was a penis-straining combination of a sweet young face with big round dark framed glasses that made her look so innocent and vulnerable, shapely legs displayed in school regulation sheer black nylon and the shortest of skirts and a well-filled boob-clinging blouse. As she moved around in class she was constantly "accidentally" brushing her bulging blouse against me.

I was temporarily between girl friends. In my frustrated night time masturbation fantasies Ruth posed nude for me in the raunchiest poses I'd ogled in porn. My frantic hand on my hungry cock sent bucketloads of semen spurting over my chest and belly as I enjoyed Ruth's young naked body. I had her in every sex position I could imagine. But I never thought she'd be more than just a masturbation fantasy. Then it all changed.

One day after class when I opened my briefcase in the staff room, stuffed into it was a pair of obviously freshly worn girls' knickers. Every male teacher at St. Matilda's knew the school regulation for girl's underwear: "white, modest and opaque." That pair of white cotton knickers were exactly that, except for being substantially less than "modest." There was also a scribbled note reading "wank your big hard cock off over my knickers."

I had no idea which girl had left them, except that the strand of dark pubic hair caught in the stitching narrowed it down to the brunettes, which included sweet little Ruth. On finding those knickers, and with the memory of a glimpse up Ruth's skirt fresh in my mind, there was only one thing I could do.

In a cubicle of the male staff toilet I dropped my trousers and briefs. Ruth, or whichever girl had left her knickers can't have known I had a panty fetish. With those thin little cotton knickers I worked my penis up to the absolute peak of erection stiffness and pleasure sensitivity. I stroked them across my erection-sensitised cock head imagining the soft feel of Ruth's lips and tongue. I ran them under me between my legs and over my balls thinking of her fingers pleasuring me. I brushed the strand of dark pubic hair caught in the knickers with my lips and tongue dreaming of ruffling Ruth's cunt bush with my tongue.

Then when I couldn't take any more I masturbated, pumping my cock full length hard and methodically. I held the knickers in my spare hand so they lightly brushed my cock head. All I could think of was Ruth in kinky nude poses. Fortunately there was no one in the next cubicle as I involuntarily grunted "'Ruth!" when my orgasm exploded and my semen splashed over the white cotton. After a few days in my possession those knickers were still modest and opaque but the white cotton was well stained with semen. Then things moved on.

I was standing in a school corridor. The noisily chattering flock of girls that had just rushed through had vanished and it was momentarily empty and quiet. As if from nowhere Ruth appeared and strolled toward me. Her big dark eyes captured mine, smouldering with a look that shouted "want you." As I stood transfixed by her eyes she came up to me and stood so close her bulging blouse brushed my arm.

"Did you enjoy playing with my knickers?" Ruth asked in her soft smooth voice. Then before I could say anything. "I left one of my cunt hairs in them for you. Do you want to play with the knickers I'm wearing now?"

Again without waiting for any reply Ruth lifted up the front of her short pleated grey wraparound skirt. She was in school regulation sheer black nylon tights. She quickly pulled them down round her thighs. Underneath she was wearing simple white cotton panties like the panties I'd masturbated over. They were even less modest than the knickers she'd put in my case, and sheer enough to show a dark outline of her bush of fresh young pubic hair.

"Touch my pussy." Ruth said. It was an order, and to emphasise her point she spread her legs and thrust her hips toward me.

An instant later my hands were savouring her bare thighs. It had been a long time since I'd enjoyed a girl's naked legs against my hands or wrapped round me. Ruth gasped with sex pleasure as I cupped my hand over the bulge of her sex mound and my fingertips found the line of her vagina slit through the thin taut cotton. Then my hand was down inside her panties, ruffling her soft pubic hair and stroking her juice moistened vagina lips. She slipped her white schoolgirl knickers down stretched round her thighs just below her pussy. Between her smooth thighs was a neat bush of almost black pubic hair.

"I'm a big girl now. I've got cunt hair."

I ran my fingers through her pubic hair and I stroked her vagina lips with my finger tips. She gave a little excited cry, followed by a whispered:

"Go on, show me your cock!"

She touched the hard ridge of my erection through my trousers and ran her fingers along it. A school corridor was hardly the place for a sexual encounter. Just behind us was a storeroom full of old decks and chairs that hadn't been used for years. A minute later Ruth and I were in there with the door locked behind us with my pass key.

"Go on! Get your cock out for me!" Ruth repeated insistently.

I'd long had a fantasy about exposing my naked erect penis to girls in my class, or to my women colleagues at St. Matilda's, but of course I'd never dared. Now I couldn't drop my trousers and speedo style briefs down to my knees fast enough and I undid my shirt to get it out of the way. I felt I was having the hardest most upright erection I'd had for months. Glancing at my cock I saw my muscle was bending up from my balls and cock bush so hard my lust and erection swollen cock head was pointing almost straight up.

Then it was my turn to whimper and cry out as Ruth's light young fingers ruffled my pubic hair, fondled my backside and explored my bum crack, tickled my balls, lightly stroked my straining hard shaft and caressed my so sensitive lust-swollen cock head.

"Ooooh! Its so big and stiff! That's pre-cum isn't it?" Ruth asked as her fingers smeared the liquid over my penis head and shaft. I didn't reply as I guessed she knew the answer already. "Do you want a wank?"

As if to make sure I'd got the message, as she spoke she formed her finger and thumb into a ring the diameter of a man's cock and bobbed it smoothly the length and angle of a man's erection. I didn't answer but the way I thrust my hips forward must have given her all the answer she needed.

"Do you want to feel my cunt and bum while I wank you?"

Again without waiting for my answer Ruth undid the clasp of her wraparound skirt. It dropped round her feet. Her tights and knickers were quickly down round her thighs again. I fondled her naked bottom and ran my fingers along her bum crack. I began fondling her breasts through her blouse and fumbling with her blouse buttons. I was getting frantic for this young girl's body.

"Ooooh yes, my tits too!"

She opened her blouse to reveal a bra that was white, opaque and just modest enough to cover her pink young nipples. Her bra was quickly down and my one hand was enjoying her firm young breasts while my other hand explored the soft smooth curves of her cheeky bottom. I was frantic to jerk my load, and as I thrust my cock forward I gripped her naked bottom to pull her against me.

Ruth wrapped her hand round my cock. Her petite hand was almost too small to close all the way round my penis shaft but I certainly wasn't complaining. It had been ages since a woman's body had brought me on and I was desperate. Ruth began the exquisite tugging and stroking of my pre-cum oiled shaft, with her obviously experienced hand bobbing up and down my cock shaft from my thick cock bush to sliding over my erection sensitised cock head.

I showed her I knew how to hold back, and she showed me she knew what a boy likes. When my cock suddenly hardened in her hand with my rising cum she took me through with just her thumb and forefinger, really slowly. My fingers dug into her bottom as I involuntarily pulled her against me when I came. In the best cum I'd had for ages I shot my load of semen a couple of feet in front of me. My penis was still mostly erect when her hand finally released my cock and I wanked a last spurt out with my own hand.

"You took ages to come," Ruth said as she put her clothes back on. "Some boys come as soon as I touch their cocks." With a girl like Ruth I could well believe it.

So that's how Ruth and I began our little affair. We continued for most of a school term. We never had full sex. Even before Ruth I'd decided I wouldn't get my cock up one of my girls' pussies, even if the opportunity came and even if she wasn't a virgin, which I certainly guessed Ruth wasn't. Ruth hand jobbed me, she liked to watch me masturbate and she liked me to take nude pictures of her. We kept our affair very secret, but I suspected others of my male colleagues were getting their fun with our naughty little nearly nineteen year olds.

Finally Ruth's time at St. Matilda's drew to an end. She was aiming for a place at Oxford University and the way she was going in her studies it looked like she'd easily get it. Late in the summer term I met her in that same corridor at St. Matilda's where I'd first seen her pussy.

"I want to do something really naughty with you," Ruth said with the mischievous grin I'd got so familiar with. "So you'll remember me."

That sounded like fun, though I certainly wouldn't have forgotten a girl like Ruth.

"Lets find a classroom." I said.

At that time at St. Matilda's lots of classes had finished for summer and some classrooms were unused and normally kept locked. Soon we were in an upstairs classroom with the door locked and the blind down on the door window. The old Harry Potter style walls were wood panelled and we were among lots of the old fashioned school desks which were still used at St. Matilda's.

Almost the moment the door was locked behind us Ruth stepped a shiny black leather sandalled foot up onto a desk and pulled her school uniform miniskirt up high.

In summer girls St. Matilda's allowed girls to do without tights and Ruth's legs were bare except for her white knickers, which were substantially less than opaque and anything but modest. St. Matilda's school uniform rules relaxed at the end of term and staff sometimes turned a blind eye to things like skirt lengths and wearing neck ties. Ruth's knickers were stretching the rules, but I wasn't complaining.

"My knickers look sexy, don't they?"

I didn't reply but I guess my fingers exploring the bare flesh at the inside tops of her thighs and the bulge of her panties over her mound said it all.

"I want to see what it feels like stripping for you then doing some dirty poses like the girls do in those filthy videos I've caught my father looking at." Ruth's father was one of St. Matilda's biggest financial benefactors and on its board of governors. "Tell me what you want to watch me do."

Now I let my lustful imagination run wild. I started with the poses I'd fantasised about Ruth doing in class. She squatted with her legs spread as wide as she could get them with my camera aimed straight up her skirt at her tiny white knickers. She bent over a desk with her skirt pulled up with my camera aimed at the thin thong gusset nestling between her delicious round bum cheeks.

She perched on the desk and slowly stripped for me. Her mini skirt first, then her blouse, then her bra leaving her little white knickers till last. She bent over a desk with her back to me, slipped her knickers down deliciously slowly and kicked them aside. Then, still bending, she grinned at me over her shoulder.

"I'm such a naughty girl. Does teacher need to smack my bottom?"

As she spoke she sensuously wiggled her smooth round bum cheeks at me. I gave her young buttocks a few affectionate pats. She squealed with excitement when I reached between her legs from behind and tickled her pussy.

Then she posed for me nude. I didn't just enjoy her with my eyes but with my exploring hands too. As she squatted and bent over in her knickers I ran my fingertips slowly down the narrow strip of white cloth in her bum crack and right under her between her legs till my fingers were caressing her mound and the sides of my hand were brushing her so sensitive inner thigh tops. She posed nude for me in the kind of penis-straining poses I'd enjoyed and masturbated over in porn. She sprawled over the desk, spreading her legs wide, arching her back to swing her young breasts up and forward, thrusting and wiggling her young bottom.

I ran my hungry hands all over her naked body. I relished the whole length of her long smooth legs, the soft roundness of her breasts and bottom, her moist silky soft cunt fur and her juice wetted vagina lips peeping through her bush. She gasped, moaned and trembled with sexual excitement as my hands played with her. I only wished I had a camera. Suddenly while I was running my hungry hands over her naked body she got down off the desk.

"Get your cock out," Ruth said. Her voice was tense with excitement. "I want to suck you off."

I obeyed, dropping my trousers and briefs down to my knees and undoing my shirt. She'd only ever hand jobbed me or let me masturbate over her before. I leaned back against the desk, spreading my legs, bracing myself and thrusting my hips forward. In anticipation of what was to come my erection was sticking out iron hard in front of me.

Ruth squatted wide legged in front of me. She began to lightly kiss my belly, tickling my belly button with the tip of her tongue. Her kisses slowly moved toward my sex kit and at the same time her hand reached up between my legs to caress my balls and lightly stroke my erect penis.

"I've never sucked a boy off before. Will you teach me how?"

As a St. Matilda's teacher I'm always only too pleased to help one of my pupils with her education.

Without waiting for my obvious answer Ruth took just the head of my penis between her lips and massaged my knob with her tongue, at the same time reaching up to lightly caress me between my spread thighs. I felt as if an explosive burst of pleasure had hit me. She released my cock from her lips and looked up at me.

"Did you like that? Did I do that right? What do I do now?"

"Lick my cock over its nozzle, and just under its head, where it joins the shaft. And keep on fingering my balls and between my legs really light just with your fingertips."

Ruth was a quick learner. I guess my grunt and the way I juddered told her that her tongue and fingers had hit just the right place in just the right way. I could have taken any amount of the tip of her tongue tickling that sensitive spot under my knob and her fingertip stroking my arse.

"Was that good?"

"Yeah!" I gasped and I wasn't kidding. "Now Ruth, slide your lips slowly up and down my shaft. Catch the ridge round the base of my penis head with your lips and tongue, and suck my cock on the upstroke. Stroke my shaft up and down with your fingers in time with your lips."

"Like when I give you a hand job?"

She'd got the right idea. She closed her thumb and forefinger round my shaft just below my penis head, pressed her lips against my nozzle. She slowly slid her tight wet lips down over my penis head to my shaft just below my corona ridge, then slowly slid her lips up again, with her hand following her lips along my shaft, squeezing just right. She sucked and caught my ridge. I grunted and ran my hands frantically over her naked shoulders and through her hair. I guess she got the message that she was doing just right. My penis felt tight enough to snap.

Ruth's soft moist lips slid up and down my shaft from my pubic hair brushing against her sweet little freckled nose at one end of a stroke to her lips riding right over my knob on the back stroke till she was kissing my nozzle. The deliciously tight ring of her finger and thumb squeezed and stroked my shaft in time with her lips. Her lips and tongue caught that sensitive spot under my knob and she sucked on the back stroke just the way I'd asked her.

After exquisite minutes of sex pleasure from Ruth's sweet young lips and fingers I came in her mouth. I rammed my hips forward and grabbed her shoulders to pull her head hard against me so my thick bush of pubic hair was pressed against her face, involuntarily trying to ram my penis as far down her throat as I could. The rising explosion of sexual pleasure in my penis swelled to ecstasy and I spurted my entire load into her mouth. I staggered back from her.

"Was I good?" she asked, with her big dark eyes looking up at me.

I told her she was. She leaned forward to kiss the head of my still half erect cock and lick the dangling strand of semen off its tip.

That was my last meeting with Ruth. Shortly afterwards she was off to Oxford University. Even without the knickers she left me I certainly wouldn't have forgotten her after all that. But I've got a new class of pretty little eighteen to nearly nineteen year olds now. They're all as keen as the last lot to outdo each other in showing off their wares, in skirts just as short and blouses as tight and thin. Already sweet little blonde Abbie has her eye on me. If that works out the way I hope, I'll let you all know.
