As soon as I graduated, mummy put me to work in her company; it was a job with a title, a corner office, and even a staff. I was in charge of a division that I knew nothing about and therefore, I was relieved that mummy had hired an administrative assistant named Daphne Russell who knew the business and ran my office with an iron hand. It didn't take long for me to realize that my degree in nineteenth century poets did little for me in the business world and so I deferred to MS. Russell when decisions needed to be made.

MS. Russell would never be called handsome but every time I was near her, I could feel my pulse rise and a tingling in my loins. She was a large full figured woman with large breasts and a plump round derrire so erotic that even in business attire her assets seemed to me to be on display. As she was older than I was, it just seemed natural that although I was the boss, she called me Roger and I called her MS. Russell. I remember one day she was in my office awaiting my signature on some projects she started and as she sat there, I couldn't help but notice that her shoe was dangling off the end of her toes. I can't explain it but I felt a moment of intimacy and I let my eyes travel up her leg to where I could see the suspenders attached to her stockings. I heard her clear her throat and looked up to see her watching me. Completely humiliated by my oblivious intrusions on her privacy, I rushed to sign the papers and then excused myself and fled to my private bathroom.

I had a throbbing erection and as I had done as a boy, I relieved myself into the sink. When I came out of the bathroom, I was surprised to see she was still in my office, she had a wry smile on her face and as she got up to leave she said,
"Well I hope you enjoyed yourself."
After that incident, our dynamic changed dramatically as I could feel the sexual tension rise and everything we discussed appeared to have an innuendo hidden in it. She may have talked business but all I could think about was the thought of burying my face between her large bosoms.

One night as we worked late, she took off her jacket to get comfortable; she was wearing a sheer blouse that showed off her brassiere. She must not have noticed that the top two buttons were undone exposing a lot of dcollet. I know that I was starring but I was helpless not to, I was snapped back to reality when she said,
"Do you not know how disrespectful to women it is when you ogle them like that? If I were your mother, I'd take you over my knee and give you a good paddling. Tell me; didn't your mother ever spank you?"
I was overwhelmed as my mixed emotions got the best of me,
"Yes Mam, whenever I was naughty my mummy would make me take my pants down, lay me down across her knees and then spank my naked behind."
"Is that what I need to do to you to get you to behave?"
Completely out of control now, I fell to my knees in front of her,
"Yes, yes, that's what I need, it's what I want."
"Roger stand up, now unfasten your pants and let them drop to the floor, good now slide down those silly little boys underwear you're wearing. Now walk over here and lie across my lap."
With my pants around my ankles I even felt more foolish as I had to sashay over to her. She hiked her skirt up and I could see her naked thighs spilling out of the tops of her stockings just like my mother's did. She said nothing about my erection thank god, for I'm not sure if I could have survived the humiliation. Naked and exposed across her lap first I felt my manhood slip between her thighs and then she closed her legs trapping me. With each slap of her bare hand, I found myself thrusting between her stockings and suddenly I climaxed. My punishment for lack of control was to be forced on my knees to lick my deposit from her stockings and thighs, as I licked higher up her leg my nose brushed against a wet spot on her panties. She grabbed me by the hair and held me still as she rutted against my nose for a while and then she pushed me away. MS Russell stood, adjusted her skirt, then she picked up her coat and walked out of the office. After that day, these dalliances of castigation occurred from time to time and I relished each and everyone.

When mummy passed away, it seemed only natural that MS. Russell would move into the mansion with me, after all it was much too large for just me and a year later when we married, I was the happiest man alive. Although my bride enjoyed my nurturing of her most private spot with my lips and my tongue she felt that sexual intercourse was a vulgar display, however we did consummate our marriage. We both have learned to enjoy our little punishment sessions along with my oral massages to her vulva more than the actual sex act. She instructed me to call her mummy and I took to it with ease. My wife officially took my job and title and I stayed home and took care of the house. For her administrative assistant she hired a man named Chuck, he was a burly man but my wife said she needed strong man to assist her. She told me that he was a lot of help to her but it seemed to me that since she hired him she was is spending more time at the office instead of less.

I remember the morning Daphne summoned me to her bedroom where she was sitting on her bed, leaning back against the posh brocade headboard she had her gown pulled up and her legs spread so far apart that her slit was exposed to me. She had her hand to her sex and was casually rubbing herself,
"Roger dearest would you like to kiss mummy's clitoris? I can feel it throbbing and in need of attention."
Oh yes I wanted this dearly but as I crawled between her legs she put her hand to my head to stop me.
"Yes, yes I want you so much, but first I need you to sign these papers for me."
She pulled some legal papers and a pen from under her covers and put them before me. Mummy, I mean my real mother had always warned me to never sign anything before I read it but no matter hard I tried I could not concentrate on anything but the exposed treasures between her thighs. I finally gave in and just signed them, I mean it was my wife after all so why not. I gave them back to her and while I did my best to orally please her she read through the papers as though I wasn't even there.

It was only after she moved her assistant into our house did I learn what I had signed. I told her it was unacceptable for him to be living there, she told me I could leave if I didn't like it and then she showed me the papers I'd signed giving her all my assets. I was now trapped in my own home and without a penny to my name; I couldn't leave or change my situation. Daphne and Chuck began to behave more as lovers than as boss and assistant even going as far as him openly fondling her in front of me. At night I would lie in my room and hear them doing things I had only dreamt about, I would become so aroused I would abuse myself as I imagined it was I not him in her bedroom.

I know that if I were more of a man I would stop this ruffian from molesting my wife instead of listening through the walls like a voyeur, but alas, I am not. Much like men facing long prison terms I have learned to survive my lot in life, nothing more than a servant in my own house. If I were to be allowed one wish, without a doubt, it would be once again stretched across mummy's lap with my penis squeezed tight between her stocking covered thighs as she delivers a spanking to my bare bum.

