The Election
by FunKelly 

The Election. Part 19

As we made our way back to the main campus building, Miss Sanchez asked me, "Have you decided who to have in your 'Representative Cabinet' yet, Amber?" "My cabinet?", I asked. "You really didn't read a single word of the application before signing it, did you?", she responded, in a disappointed tone. I just looked down and shook my head, "No". "Well Amber. You need to choose a 4-member cabinet to help with your representative duties. You can pick anyone you want, but I would suggest choosing cabinet members that are from different areas and cultures. The diversity of your cabinet will assure that many customs and heritages are fairly represented".

I immediately thought of Eliott and Kim, not just because they were my friends but because where they were from. I was from the Mid-West, Eliott was from the West Coast and Kim was from Japan. Choosing these two would allow us to represent several different cultures. I just had to figure out who should fill the remaining two cabinet positions. As we made our way to the main academy building, Emma walked up to me, and said, "Amber. I'm from Vermont, which prides itself for being liberal and progressive, but your performance today takes the cake". "Vermont!", I thought to myself. If I asked Emma to be part of my cabinet, I would have the Northeast section of the country also represented.

Emma immediately accepted when I offered her a position on my cabinet as did Eliott and Kim. I needed to choose on more member for my cabinet, but who? Just then, Allen walked up to join us on our way back to the main campus building. During my interview with Allen, I had learned he was from Florida. Having the Southeast of the country represented as well, made perfect sense to me, so I asked him. He also agreed, so my four-member cabinet had been chosen and was now complete. Two males, two females and most of the country plus Japan, were now represented. This all took place while I was walking with Miss Sanchez, right after she had rescued me from the utter humiliation of the episode with her brother Jose, his co-worker Chet along with dozens of academy students.

Miss Sanchez asked me to join her in her office as we entered the main campus building. I followed her in. but must admit I felt a bit nervous as she closed the door behind us. She told me to take a seat while she explained to me the requirements of the office I had just been elected to hold. Feeling ashamed I had not read the application before signing it, I sat in silence as she said, "Amber. I have little doubt you will perform your duties as "Student Body Representative' with great distinction and merit. As you have already been told, you are required to attend all academy sponsored and official events in the same attire you were wearing when the winning vote was cast". I started to squirm in my seat as she continued. "I would imagine after today; you will have little issue with that requirement, with the possible exception of two academy sponsored events. Our "Open House" and "Parent's Nights".

I was squeezing my thighs together as she expounded on the two events. "The "Open House" will be held next Friday here at the academy. Anyone who chooses to attend is welcome. The event runs from 12:00 noon until 5:00 pm. You can expect at least one hundred of the locals will come and tour the campus. I'm going to be honest with you Amber. Most who attend are curiosity seekers who come for one reason, to see the level of dress our newly elected 'Student Body Representative' will be in. You will be expected to be professional and cordial to our guests, even though you will most likely feel somewhat awkward if not outright embarrassed. Remember you represent 'The Academy" as you conduct several tours of the facility along with Carla.

"YOU MEAN I HAVE TO CONDUCT TOURS OF THE CAMPUS IN THE NUDE? TOURS FOR A BUNCH OF PEOPLE WHO ARE ONLY HERE TO SEE IF I"M NAKED?", I blurted out. Miss Sanchez calmly replied, "Yes Amber. You would have known this if you had bothered to read the application. And besides, Carla will be with you the entire afternoon, most likely wishing she was the one who was naked. She's such a little exhibitionist, isn't she?", she asked. "I don't care if Carla is an exhibitionist. I'm not! What did I get myself into?", I thought to myself, still squeezing my thighs together. Only 11 days until I was expected to display my naked body to an audience of curiosity seekers, while giving campus tours and attempting be appear professional. Who could possibly do that?

"Parent's Night" isn't as bad, Amber", Miss Sanchez said, "It's held in the first week of November and far fewer people will attend. Many of our students come from some distances, so their parents will not make the trip. It's usually only the students whose parents live within two hours, who will attend, and the event only lasts for two hours". Miss Sanchez finished instructing me on both my duties and what I can expect during the school year. I made no attempt to persuade her to lessen my humiliation during the upcoming evets since I was the only one at fault for putting myself in this situation. As I left Miss Sanchez's office, my friends were all waiting to give me their support or to parade my naked ass around 'The Academy'. I wasn't sure which. Maybe both.

The rest of the day went much as you would expect for a girl with a required state of public nudity, imposed on her. I took what seemed like hundreds of selfies with both the students and faculty members and made my way around the campus buildings thanking the students for their confidence in me. Even though the sensation of absolute vulnerability never really subsides when you are 'The Only One Naked', the constant awareness of your public exposure and sense of utter humiliation does become somewhat diminished after a few hours. I continued the remainder of the day in the nude, attempting to imagine myself fully clothed like those around me were.

I finally made it back to my dorm room about 10:00 pm. Kim had gotten back only moments before and was waiting for me to return. I closed the door and leaned back against it, let out a sigh, then noticed Kim was getting undressed. Her tiny little frame was so adorable, yet her mature and somewhat naughty attitude made her seem to be somewhat of an enigma. She stripped completely naked, folded her clothes neatly placing them on the bed, then turned to me, and said, "You must need an orgasm, Amber. I will help you", with a confident tone in her voice. She took me by the hand and led me to my bed. I won't divulge the details of our sexual encounter, but I will say this, "I slept like a baby that night, despite the overwhelming sense of shame I was feeling".

The next morning, I woke early and went to the showers before anyone else was up. I wanted to take a shower alone, without having my naked body exposed to anyone, even the girls who lived on our floor in the dorm building. After I was dressed and ready for the day, I peeked out of my dorm room door to see if anyone else was out there. The coast was clear, so I made my way to stairway and started to walk down when I ran into Emily on the landing. Emily was an acquaintance who lived on the second floor of our dorm building. Afraid she was going to bring up my public pubic hair removal episode, I gave her a glance, said "Good morning" and started to continue on my way when she said, "Amber. Do you have a minute?"

I stopped, turned towards her, then waited for the inevitable questions or comments, relating to my degrading election day performance. To my surprise, Emily said, "Amber. I have an idea for some activities for those students who do not go home for the Thanksgiving Holiday". The sincerity in her voice and facial expression almost brought me to tears. I immediately replied, "Emily. I'm heading to the cafeteria for breakfast. Why don't you join me, and we'll discuss your ideas", I said, as we made our way to the cafeteria. Emily's idea of having the students who remained at 'The Academy' during Thanksgiving weekend, make a big feast then celebrate together on the auditorium stage, surrounded by many large projector screens with live Facetime interactions with their families was brilliant.

The cafeteria started filling up with students, yet no one looked in my direction, or at least no one with an expression that would reveal they intended to bring up my public humiliation from the day before. It was as if the previous day never happened. Emily and I worked together on a format to provide a Thanksgiving Day celebration that would make those commemorating the event at 'The Academy' feel involved and engaged, rather than alone for the holiday. We agreed on a place and time to meet again, then I made my way to class. All the way there I was anticipating the many different viewpoints I would receive about my salacious, if not obscene election day behavior. I was so nervous; I may as well have been naked again.

Other than some congratulations and a few comments about my body from some of the guys, the class resumed much as it had been before. I was thankful for that. In fact, everything at 'The Academy' started to feel normal. Almost no one commented on my election day performance other than to commend me on my win. I would be paralyzed with fear when someone would approach me, only to find they had an idea they wanted to share with me. I started to realize I was the only one who seemed to think my election day debauchery was inappropriate. The next week went along fine, and I kept my cabinet up to date on the suggestions I had received from the students. We were scheduled to have our first official cabinet meeting in a room off the hallway outside the cafeteria the following Thursday.

The nine days leading up to my first cabinet meeting went by quickly, and there were quite a few subjects to discuss on the agenda. The meeting was to be held at noon, lunch time, so we would not miss too much time from our classes. The five of us gathered in the meeting room and started to get down to business when Miss Sanchez walked it. I assumed she was there to encourage us, since this was our first official meeting. I could not have been more wrong. "Amber. This is your first official cabinet meeting, is it not?", she asked. "Yes Miss Sanchez", I replied. "Well, I don't believe that is the proper attire for an official academy event", she said, as she looked me up and down.

"You mean", I started to ask, when she said "Yes. Now remove your clothes Amber", she replied, in a stern tone while holding her hand out, waiting for me to disrobe and hand her my clothes. I couldn't believe this was happening as I removed my sneakers and socks first. My cabinet members were obviously enjoying my predicament, as I removed my T-shirt and shorts next. Standing there in just my bra and panties was even more embarrassing than election day, if you can believe that. I handed the two articles of clothing to Miss Sanchez, as she nodded for me to continue. I hesitated at first, but then removed my bra and panties and handed them to her, knowing she had no intention of letting me off the hook.

She then looked down at my pussy, now covered with the shadow of re-grown brunette pubic hair stubble, and said, "I see you forgot to remove everything for your first official meeting". With that, she left the room, saying, "I'll be back in an hour to return your clothes Amber", as she walked out the door. With the door to the meeting room being made of wood with glass on the upper half, I immediately sat down, crossed my legs, placed my notebook on my lap, and said, "Let's try to get back to work people", knowing my tits were on display for my four-member cabinet along with anyone walking by in the hallway. I started the meeting off with Emily's Thanksgiving Day idea, knowing we had only six weeks until the holiday.

I felt we were actually accomplishing something when Carla walked into the room, holding a small bowl of water, a hand towel, shaving cream and a razor. I looked up at her, and said, "You can't be serious". She just replied, "Miss Sanchez insisted, Amber". "You mean I have to shave my pussy too?" I blurted out. Carla casually responded by saying, "You don't have to shave your pussy Amber, it just needs to be clean shaven". My mouth fell wide open as Eliott offered with great excitement, "I'll shave your pussy, Amber!" I turned to him, and said, "No way Eliott!" That's when Kim chimed in, and said, "Let Eliott shave your pussy, Amber! He shaves mine! He'll do a good job". I turned to her, and said, "WHAT?", in total disbelief of what I had just heard.


The Election. Part 20

Kim continued with her disclosure about Eliott's role in her personal grooming, "I stop by Eliott's room on way to showers. He shaves my pussy, legs and underarms, then I go and take my shower. You see my pussy, Amber. Like I said, he'll do good job". I was dumbfounded, when I said, "That's why I never see you take a razor to the showers Kim. Your pussy is always so completely bald and smooth, I started to think you couldn't grow pubic hair". Kim replied in an irritated tone, "Of course I grow pubic hair, Amber! I told you, I am a woman!", said the 90 pound, nineteen-year-old girl, who looks like she's eleven. I turned to Eliott for an explanation when he just shrugged his shoulders, and said, "Come on Amber, let me shave your pussy. Like Kim says, I'll do a good job". Knowing how clean shaven Eliott kept himself, I had no doubt he would, but the idea of him touching my most private of female parts was unnerving.

Emma and Allen joined in with Kim and Eliott, trying to persuade me to allow Eliott to do the unthinkable. Shave the pubic hair stubble from my vagina, right there in the meeting room, only feet from a hallway filled with students going in and out of the cafeteria. Carla gave me a look that could only be interpreted as, "Go on Amber. Let him shave your pussy". I finally relented as Carla handed the shaving items to Eliott, who was smiling from ear to ear. I skeptically put down my notebook and spread my legs open, waiting for Eliott to begin the degrading procedure.

As Eliott moistened my pussy lips with the hand towel and started to apply the shaving cream, Kim knelt down on the floor to my left, getting as close as she could without interfering with Eliott. Emma and Allen also made sure they had a good view, as Eliott continued on with my humiliating ordeal. Carla just smiled and watched from her position, waiting for Eliott to complete his undertaking, so she could collect the shaving items and return to Miss Sanchez with the news that I was in compliance, no doubt.

Eliott was just starting to run the cold steel blades of the razor across my pussy lips when the door opened, and Emily popped her head in. She said, "Oh..... Hi Amber. Forgot to shave your pussy for your 'Official Cabinet Meeting' I see. Are we still on for 4:00?", she asked, seemingly unfazed by what she was witnessing, and making no attempt to retrieve her phone for a few quick photos. I just sat there in horror and nodded, "Yes". "Good. I'll see you then", she said. "Clean her up good Eliott", she added, as she walked away. Before the door closed completely, I heard her say, "Amber forgot to shave her pussy for her meeting, so Eliott's doing it now". I almost died of embarrassment and anxiety, as I realized the students in the hallway now knew what was going on in the meeting room, and I was powerless to conceal my shame until Eliott was finished with his task.

Carla reached over and locked the door but there was no blind, so the students in the hall made their way to the door to take their photos of me in this most compromising of positions. Of course, those in the room made sure whoever was looking in through the glass from the hallway, had an unobstructed view of my naked body as Eliott took his sweet old time shaving my pussy, Not knowing whether to smile and wave or just hang my head in shame, in an attempt to appear like I was focusing on the job Elliot was doing, my decision was made for me. One of the female students I knew banged on the glass, and said, "Amber! Smile!", as she started taking her pictures. I smiled and waved to one student after another as they took their photos, while Eliott had slowed to a snail's pace, leaving me exposed as long as possible.

Eliott finally finished with the razor then took the hand towel, wet in in the bowl of water and wiped my pussy clean of all the shaving cream and stray pubic hairs. He then turned towards those at the meeting room door and gave them a 'Thumbs Up', obviously proud of his handy work as he posed for some photos right next to my wide-open bald pussy. Carla interrupted Eliott's little curtain call, and said, "Eliott. Please hand me the shaving items and allow Amber some dignity". Eliott handed her the items as I closed my legs together, much to the disappointment of the spectators still outside the meeting room door.

Carla received a text message then looked at her phone. She turned to me and said, "Amber. Miss Sanchez says she's sorry for the interruption to your meeting, but you should know what's required by now. She also said that you can pick up your clothes at the main office after your meeting". "The Main Office!", I complained. "Oh, stop it, Amber!" Carla replied. "It's less than fifty feet away. Now make good use of the time remaining and I'll see you there", as she left the room with the shaving supplies. I overheard Carla say to the students outside the door, "Alright people! The show's over. Let them get on with their work and you get back to your classes".

My cabinet and I were finally able to get back to work, and I am pleased to tell you we touched on every subject on the agenda and divvied up the list among ourselves. When the meeting was adjourned, I felt we had gotten off to a good start, even if I was naked with a freshly shaven pussy. Now I only had to walk about fifty feet to the main office to retrieve my clothes. No big deal, right? Wrong! I exited the meeting room with Eliott, Kim, Allen and Emma, hoping they might conceal my nakedness, if only for a short time. We walked past several students and faculty members without incident and made it to the main office. That's when I spotted Lynn and Pat from the news station walking through the main campus building doors, just ten feet away.

"Oh Amber!", Lynn exclaimed. "I'm so glad you're here! And better yet, still naked!", as she signaled Pat to turn on his camera. I froze in my tracts as she continued. "My bosses back at the station were wondering if you'd be interested in doing a half hour 'Public Interest Piece' for the station? Obviously, we would only show you from the shoulders up, much as we did for your first interview. What do you think?", she asked. I must say. The televised interview on the small local T.V. station did put me in a reasonably good light, even if the viewers were aware I was completely naked, without actually seeing me that way. I said, "Wait here a minute, I'll be right back", then immediately walked into the main office to retrieve my clothes, hoping Miss Sanchez and Carla would shield me from the ditzy news reporter and her camera man. When I walked up to the counter, I noticed only my sneakers, ankle socks and panties were on the counter.

I looked at Carla and said, "Where are the rest of my clothes?" She was about to reply when Miss Sanchez walked out of her office, and said, "Amber! I'm so sorry sweetheart but I spilled my coffee on your clothes. I managed to salvage your panties and socks, so I sent your T-shirt, bra and shorts to be washed. Again, I am so sorry honey. I'll be sure to have them taken to your dorm room. Eliott, Kim, Allen and Emma were all with me in the main office. I turned to Kim, and said, "Kim. Go up to our room and bring me some clothes". Miss Sanchez said, "Kim, Elliott, Emma and Allen return to your classes at once please", in an inflexible tone. My four cabinet members walked out of the main office, leaving me stark naked with the ditzy news reporter and her camera man just outside in the hallway.

I looked to Miss Sanchez for an explanation, when she walked right past me and out into the hallway. "Patrick! Turn off that camera! There's nothing to film here. Lynn! I will be in touch when Amber makes her decision about the 'News Piece'. Now please vacate the premises. I promise you, Amber or I will be in touch when she decides whether or not to grant you another interview". Miss Sanchez walked back into the office and leaned against the counter looking at me. She seemed to be waiting for me to speak, but I didn't know what to say. Finally, she said, "Amber, let me ask you just one question. All through the weeks of the campaign, during the election process itself or at any time since, has anyone at 'The Academy' other than yourself, made you feel belittled in any way?"

I didn't have to think about the answer. It was "No". I shook my head from side to side, indicating my answer, when she continued. "I've already contacted Mr. Harris, your journalism instructor and told him about the unfortunate accident with my coffee. He's well aware you will be attending class in just your panties and sneakers. Now get dressed and go to your class". "Get Dressed? Get Dressed?", I thought to myself, as I was putting on my panties, ankle socks and sneakers. The panties I was wearing that day were burgundy in color and a bit snug, making it painfully obvious I was wearing nothing else, not to mention exposing a bit of camel toe, as the dark color was in complete contrast to my fair skin.

I looked at Carla and Miss Sanchez, took a deep breath and walked out of the main office and onto my journalism class, wearing nothing but my backpack, burgundy panties, sneakers and ankle socks. Not a word about my lack of clothing was spoken as I ran into several students on the way. They had a question concerning a petition that was submitted during the campaign. Surrounded by four fully clothed students, I listened intently as they questioned me about the Halloween Party to be held in the gymnasium in late October. The three females and one male group of students were planning on attending the party in just body paint. Since the students were allowed to wear their costumes to class that day and body paint only held up for so long, they wanted to attend their classes in the nude and get painted at the gymnasium later in the day.

The request seemed reasonable given the 'Live and Let Live' attitude of 'The Academy', so I decided to return to the main office to discuss it with Miss Sanchez. As I was about to leave, one of the girls named Bethany stopped me. She said, "We really appreciate anything you can do, Amber. You're so lucky". "Lucky?", I asked. "Yeah. You get to be naked every time there's some official event. So many of us wish we could do that. I mean look at you now. I would love to walk around wearing nothing but my panties, or better yet, nothing at all".

Bethany then continued. "I see the 'News Team' was back today. Do they want another interview with you? You did 'The Academy' proud in the last one", she said. I told her "Yes", but I had to think about it. "What's to think about?", she asked. "If I were you, I would let them interview me while I took them on a tour of the campus. That way some of the other students could be on T.V. too". "What a great idea, Bethany!", I replied, forgetting for a moment, I would have to be interviewed in the nude. "I've got to go see Miss Sanchez about the Halloween Party and the possibility of a second interview, Bethany. Thanks for the idea and I'll text you later with her answers on both issues. Thanks again", I said, as I headed off back to the main office.

I re-entered the main office much to the surprise of Carla and Miss Sanchez. "Forget something Amber?", Carla asked. I looked at Miss Sanchez, and said, "Although I am aware I must submit an 'Official Petition' for a student's request Miss Sanchez, I wanted to discuss one idea with you first". I went on to tell her about the 'Halloween Party' request submitted on my campaign website and how I had just spoken to the students who had submitted it. After explaining the details of the petition and how important it was to these particular students, I waited for her answer. She graciously replied, "Amber. I'll make you a deal. I will give the school board a heads up concerning the request, if you are back here by 4:00 with an official petition with at least 75 signatures on it". That left me only two and a half hours I thought to myself.

I immediately agreed. "Miss Sanchez, then said, "I will let Mr. Harris know you are on official academy business and other than to acquire some signatures for the petition, you will not be in class this afternoon. I thanked her and explained that although it was not my idea, I would agree to do the 'News Piece' with Lynn, as long as it is conducted while we toured the campus. Carla and Miss Sanchez looked at each other with, "Someone has become awfully brave all of a sudden", expressions on their faces. Carla offered to let me use the office computer to draw up the petition, on order to save time. I drew up the petition, grabbed a clip board and some blank paper for signatures, left my backpack with Carla and started to head out to gather the necessary signatures, wearing nothing but my panties and sneakers.

I stopped to make some notes on the blank paper earmarked for signatures. I listed each class on the curriculum based on their locations in relation the main office. Novel Writing. Poetry. Journalism. Painting and Sketching. Theatre. As I was leaving the office, Miss Sanchez said, "Amber. I knew you would make a great 'Student Body Representative'. I smiled and headed for the closest class to the main office, Novel Writing. I entered the 'Introduction to Novel Writing' class and as you can imagine, all eyes fell right on me. I approached the instructor Mr. Bradshaw, as he looked over my almost naked body. "Mr. Bradshaw. I don't have time to explain but I need to speak to the class for just a minute about a petition that needs to be circulated, signed and returned to Miss Sanchez by 4:00 today.

Mr. Bradshaw said, "Class. Please give Amber you undivided attention", then signaled for me to proceed. I read the brief petition out loud and asked the students to sign it. Fortunately, all 30 students were in the class that day. They all walked up and placed their signatures to the petition. I thanked Mr. Bradshaw and started to leave when he said, "Excuse me, Amber. Are you forgetting someone?" I turned to him a bit confused when he asked, "Don't I get to sign the petition. After all, I do work here". I smiled and gladly handed him the petition. Miss Sanchez specified 75 signatures. It never occurred to me that the instructors could sign it. I left the class with 31 signatures, then headed for the 'Poetry' class.

The initial reaction to my arrival went much as it did in Mr. Bradshaw's 'Novel Writing' class. The instructor, Mrs. Bradley was about 30 years old and held very progressive ideas. She was more curious than shocked about my lack of clothing. I once again told her I had no time to explain and requested a short audience with her class. She agreed and I read the petition and collected signatures. Only 28 of the students were in class at the time but I got signatures from them all, including Mrs. Bradley's. Two classes down and I had already collected 60 signatures. Next stop. My journalism class.


The Election. Part 21

I entered my 'Journalism' class and found out eight of the students were on assignment somewhere else on the campus. That meant I could only hope to gather 22 signatures, 23 if Mr. Harris would sign. That would get me the more than 75 signatures I needed, but I wanted the school board to see the sense of solidarity for the petition, held by the students and some faculty members. Mr. Harris and the students looked at me and started asking why I was wearing only my panties and sneakers. Since these were my classmates, I took the time to explain that Miss Sanchez had spilt her coffee on my clothes, so they were being washed. I then went on to tell them about the petition and acquired a signature from everyone, including Mr. Harris. Before I left the class with my 83 signatures, Mr. Harris gave me the locations of the other students. He then went on to tell me about our next journalism assignment.

We were to be the ones interviewed this time. Notes, subject research and a written synopsis of the interview were to be included with our article submissions. Knowing I was going to be interviewed while naked by Lynn from the television station, I felt I had a good start for the project. I thanked Mr. Harris then headed for the 'Painting and Sketching' class. I entered the art studio to find Bethany posing nude for the class. Bethany saw me enter the class and yelled out, "Hey Amber! I'm more naked than you!", with a great big smile plastered across her face. Everyone turned around to see me standing there in just my panties. Miss O'Connor, the class instructor, said, "Bethany!" Bethany responded by saying, "I'm sorry Miss O'Connor. But I am!", as the students started to laugh.

Miss O'Connor looked at me, and asked, "What can I do for you Amber?", seeming annoyed about the interruption, yet somehow oblivious to the fact that I was standing there in just my panties and sneakers. I did my best to explain the reason for my impromptu visit to her classroom. Miss O'Connor was very serious about her art classes but allowed me to speak to her students anyway. "Class. Let's take a small break and listen to what Amber has to say". I made my way to the front of the class and addressed the students as I had done in the previous three classes. After reading the petition, I heard Miss O'Connor say, "Bethany. Put on a robe please". Bethany started to pout as she reluctantly covered her naked body with a white terry cloth robe.

The art class was full, so I took the opportunity to give the petition some enthusiastic promotion, along with a heartfelt representation of the students requesting the change in the school policy. All thirty students were lined up to sign the petition as Bethany and her friends all gave me a 'Thumbs Up'. When it was Bethany's turn to sign, she looked me over and said so everyone could hear, "Amber. You look so sexy wearing that girl!", as she looked me up and down. Her next sentence would leave 'Me' stunned, Miss O'Connor shaking her head and all the students in the class laughing. "Do You Want to Wrestle?", she asked, in a loud and eager tone. "No Bethany! What's wrong with you?", was the response I gave that no one heard over the laughter.

Bethany signed the petition then opened her robe so only I could see her naked body, as she smiled and winked at me. Standing there in front of the entire class, knowing all eyes were on us and unable to take my eyes off Bethany's naked form, I became motionless as she closed the gap between us. She leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Amber. I can't thank you enough for being such a proponent for our petition. I owe you at least one orgasm, regardless of the outcome". My eyes became wide open, and my mouth fell ajar, as I quietly told Bethany I was not a lesbian. She looked at me, and said in a salacious yet faint tone, "Amber! Who cares? Either am I. You do like to cum, don't you?", in an exuberant yet muffled voice.

Just then, Miss O'Connor inquired in a tone that let everyone, including me, know my disruption of her class had come to an end. "Amber! Will there be anything else?", she asked. I hesitated, then replied, "No Miss O'Connor. Please excuse the interruption and thank you", as I took the petition, now with 114 signatures, including Miss O'Connor's and left the classroom. I leaned against the wall outside the art class and let out a big sigh, gripping the clipboard that held the petition and all its signatures close to my bare breasts. I looked to the clock at the end of the hallway and realized I had a little over an hour to present the petition to Miss Sanchez. My next task was to walk to the auditorium, where the "Theatre Class" was in session, in order to gather more signatures for the petition.

After leaving the main campus building and only halfway to the auditorium, I heard the sound of several trucks coming up the campus drive. I froze as I realized it was two vans filled landscape workers, followed by another truck pulling a large trailer loaded with their equipment. It seemed like only seconds until they stopped in front of me. I had no time to make it to the auditorium or back to the main campus building. I covered my bare breasts with the clipboard as the dozen or so workers just stared at my almost naked body. I was frozen with fear as the workers started taking pictures of me. To make matters worse, one of my female journalism classmates walked up, and said, "Amber. I hear you're collecting signatures for Bethany's petition". She pried the clipboard from my hands, saying, "I'll sign it", leaving my exposed tits on display for the photo-taking landscape workers. I was mortified!

The girl's name was Natalie, and we were soon joined by Kevin, another of my journalism classmates who was out on assignment with Natalie. He took the clipboard from Natalie, as he said, "Amber. I hear Eliott shaved your pussy during your first cabinet meeting", loud enough for all to hear, as he signed the petition. His words got the attention of the landscape workers, who were now looking at the camel toe, caused by my snug burgundy panties. The sense of shame was overwhelming. Just when I thought I could no longer endure the public humiliation, Natalie pulled my panties down to my ankles. She knelt down and said, "Let's see if Eliott did a good job", keeping a tight grip on my panties, leaving my freshly shaven vagina exposed to the landscape workers and their phone cameras.

Natalie ran her fingers across my bald mound, as she said, "Oh yeah. He did and awesome job". I didn't know if I was going to die of embarrassment or have an orgasm right there in front of everyone. I felt so vulnerable and ashamed, yet totally aroused, and made no attempt to stop the utter humiliation. Once again, Miss Sanchez came to my rescue. "Alright! Shows over! Natalie and Kevin, return to your assignments", as she took the clipboard from Kevin. She then looked at the crew chief of the landscapers, and said, "It's 3:00 Jeff. You only have four hours of daylight remaining and our 'Open House' is tomorrow. Get your guys to work". The trucks pulled away and I bent over to pull up my panties. Miss Sanchez said, "Don't bother, Amber. I'll take those".

"But Miss Sanchez! It wasn't my fault", I argued. "Amber. You're not being punished. Now hand me your panties", she insisted. I pulled my panties over my sneakers and handed my last vestige of cover to Miss Sanchez, as she looked at the petition signatures. "How many signatures do you have here?", she asked. "116", I replied. "I'm impressed", she said, as she handed me the clipboard. She then went on to say, "Amber. Tomorrow you will be giving tours of the campus to total strangers, dressed as you are right now. Consider this a practice run. Now go have fun and I'll see you back at the office", as she turned and walked away, leaving me totally naked with the exception of my sneakers and ankle socks.

I don't know what came over me but I caried the clipboard in one hand and to my side, rather than with two hands and concealing my breasts. The landscapers beeped the horns of their trucks and waved to me. I smiled and waved back as I made my way to the auditorium, still feeling vulnerable but with a sense of confidence. I stood outside the auditorium doors thinking how best to enter the facility. I didn't want to look like a 'Scared Little Rabbit, but I also didn't want to come off as some kind of an 'Exhibitionist' or even worse, a 'Slut'. I took a deep breath and entered the auditorium, holding the clipboard in front of me as if I was reading it over, rather than using it to conceal by bare breasts, in an attempt to appear as 'All Business'.

Mr. Davis, the 'Theatre Course' instructor, was down by the stage with the class. All but one of the thirty students were there gathered in a circle around him, as he gave instruction. My confidence was fading with each step I took towards the group, hoping my naked body and freshly shaven pussy would not be the focus of conversation. My hopes were dashed as Allen noticed me as I was approaching, and called out, "Hey Amber! Come on down and show everyone Eliott's masterpiece! We shared the photos of him shaving your pussy, but nothing beats seeing the real thing". Eliott was beaming as I felt the clipboard moving upward and now pressing against my tits, as I had lost any sense of bravado and was now just plain humiliated.

I spotted Mr. Davis waving me to come to him as all eyes were on me. I struggled to keep my feet moving forward, knowing Allen had already influenced the class into inspecting the quality of Eliott's pubic hair removal skills. I tried to hold my head high as I made my way towards Mr. Davis. Mr. Davis was barely thirty years old and a graduate of the 'New York Film Academy'. He was not fond of traveling, so took the position of 'Theater Instructor' at 'The Academy'. As I stood in front of him, he took my clipboard, leaving me totally exposed, and said, "I assume this is the petition I've heard so much about, Amber". I nodded "Yes", hoping the petition would take priority over my bald pussy to the young instructor and his students.

Mr. Davis signed the petition and handed it to a student to circulate around the class. He then took a good long look and my smooth-shaven mound, which made me feel even more vulnerable than when the students did the same. The petition was signed by all who were present, and I was feeling good about collecting 146 signatures. That's almost twice as many as I needed for Miss Sanchez to present it to the school board. That feeling was short lived as one of the female students asked, "Amber. Are you going to let Eliott shave your pussy again?" Eliott was standing next to me by this time and waiting for an answer, as were the rest of the students. I answered in the most nonchalant tone possible, for a girl who was completely naked among thirty clothed spectators. "I usually take care of that myself", I said, as I turned and walked back up the ramp to the exit door of the auditorium.


The Election. Part 22

I was in such a hurry to get out of the view of the theatre class students, I never considered who might be on the other side of the auditorium doors as I burst through them. I panicked and dropped my clipboard as I was standing in front of a bus load of freshman boys from the local all-boys high school, and their two teachers. I would later find out they were there to be extras in a play put on by 'The Academy's Theatre Class'. But for now, at least forty of the fourteen-year-old boys were staring at my naked body, with their eyes wide open and smiles plastered across their faces.

I covered my breasts and pussy with my hands, as I could not have felt more ashamed being the first real naked girl most of the young teenage boys had ever seen. The silence was sheer torture as they all just stood there staring at me. Not even the two teachers stepped in to lessen my utter humiliation. They just stared at me too. I must have looked like a total idiot as I crouched down to retrieve my clipboard while attempting to keep my tits and pussy covered with my hands. The boys' silent stares turned to laughter as I fumbled around trying to pick up the clipboard while in such a precarious position.

One of the young boys picked up my clipboard, looked down at me with a menacing expression on his face, and asked, "If you're so embarrassed to be naked, why are you naked in the first place?" The boys' laughter fell silent as everyone waited for me to reply, but there was no answer I could give that would make any sense or diminish my degradation in any way. I just looked up at the young teenager, hoping he would take pity on me and give me back my clipboard. His teenage urge to see a woman naked was too much, so he held the clipboard above his head, waiting to see if I would stand up to retrieve it. He along with the other teenage boys were hoping I would expose my tits or pussy, depending on which hand I would use to recover the coveted clipboard.

Even with the recent change of events, the two teachers just stood there waiting to see what I would do, offering no help whatsoever. "Enough was enough!", I thought to myself. I stood up, moved my hands from concealing my tits and pussy, and demanded, "Give it to me you little twirp!" I took the clipboard and held it by my side, allowing the horny little teenagers to ogle at my naked body. Finally, one of the teachers walked up to me, and asked, "Young lady. Where might we find Mr. Davis?" I hesitated as I looked over my clipboard, pretending I was making sure everything was in order, allowing the boys the opportunity to soak in every inch of my naked form.

I looked to the teacher, and replied, "Mr. Davis is down on the floor of the auditorium, in front of the stage, instructing his theatre class", purposely leaving my naked flesh on display for both the boys and their two teachers. I was starting to realize what Miss Sanchez meant when she said, "Have fun", right before she walked away with my panties. Teasing the large group of horny teenage boys was fun! Alot of fun, actually. "Would you like me to take you there?", I asked the boys' teacher, now hoping to keep my naked body on display for a few more minutes, before I had to return to the main office to meet Miss Sanchez. To my delight, he answered, "Yes". I took my sweet time walking the freshman class down to the auditorium floor, knowing they were staring at my bare back, legs and naked ass.

I escorted the two high school teachers and dozens of freshmen students down to Mr. Davis and the theatre class. Once everyone had been introduced, I headed back to the auditorium exit doors, knowing my perky breasts, cute little butt cheeks and freshly shaved pussy had made an impression on the fourteen-year-old boys. The idea of some of these young teenagers jerking off to the images of me, I knew they must be harboring in their perverted little minds, was titillating to say the least. I would have gone back to my dorm room to masturbate, if I didn't have to get the petition and the 146 signatures back to Miss Sanchez by 4:00.

I made my way back across the campus to the main office building, carefree and delighted to show off my naked body to the few landscapers who were working in the area. Wearing nothing but my sneakers and a smile was exhilarating as I walked past them. I entered the main office building with 20 minutes to spare. Mr. Harris had told me several of my journalism classmates were in the cafeteria interviewing the kitchen staff, so I decided to see if I could collect a few more signatures for the petition, since the cafeteria was located near the main office. I entered the cafeteria to find three classmates and four women who worked in the kitchen, sitting around one of the dining tables.

All eyes were on me as I was now second guessing my decision to collect the additional signatures. I felt so inappropriate standing there naked, as they were all looking at me with bewildered expressions on their faces. My classmate Shelbie, called out and asked, "Amber! Is this an official 'Student Body Representative' function or have you just decided to be out resident nudist?" I felt so ashamed as they all started laughing at me. It was too late to turn back now, so I approached the table, and responded, "There's no time to explain. I just wanted to see if you guys would be willing to sign Bethany's petition, concerning body paint costumes for the Halloween Party".

I managed to get all three signatures, but not without being completely humiliated by the three students and four women kitchen workers, who were still laughing at me as I exited the cafeteria with the 149 signatures. I might have had almost double the number of signatures I needed for Miss Sanchez to push Bethany's petition forward, but I had surrendered my dignity to acquire them. I felt so 'NAKED' as the cafeteria door closed behind me. "What am I doing? Why am I allowing myself to be degraded over and over in public like this? WHY?", I asked myself, as I walked to the main office down the hall, anxious to retrieve my clothes. The answer to my questions was about to appear before me.

As I was only 15 feet from the door to the main office, three of the 14-year-old boys from high school ran through the front entrance doors and right up to me. I held the clip board against my chest, as one of the boys said, "Knowing our parents will find out we all met you, my teacher wanted to know why you are naked. Are you a nudist?", he asked, as the other two boys were staring at my exposed pussy. The sense of empowerment over the three horny teenagers had me once again completely aroused, as I moved the clipboard to my side so the boys could also see my bare breasts and erect nipples, as I contemplated my response.

Before I could respond, one of the other boys, said, "My parents are nudists". "They are?" I asked, feeling a bit less ashamed but no less stimulated. "Yeah. We go to nudist resorts for our vacations. I've seen lots of naked girls before", he replied. The boy's admission had me feeling less awkward about my public nudity yet being the only one naked and totally exposed in front of the three boys, led to that inevitable sense of vulnerability Carla had told me about, the second time I met her. She was right. The sense of vulnerability had me completely aroused as my pussy was going from moist to soaking wet as I stood there on display, still trying to find the right words to answer the first boy's question.

"To answer your question", I started, as I looked at the first boy. "No. I am not a nudist. My position as 'Student Body Representative' requires me to perform some of my official duties in the nude", I said, hoping my reply would satisfy their teacher's question. "So, you are performing an official duty now?", another boy asked. "Well......Technically No", I replied, feeling that sense of shame coming over me once again. "So why are you naked?", the third boy asked. I started to stutter and fumble my words, as I tried to explain how Miss Sanchez had spilt her coffee on my clothes. "Don't you have other clothes?", he asked. It became obvious that the three teenage boys were not going to let me off the hook until their curiosity was satisfied.

Still trying to come up with a reasonable answer for the "Don't you have other clothes?" question, another boy asked, "Did you get burned by the coffee?" Not thinking, I replied, "No. I wasn't wearing my clothes at the time". The three boys looked at each other appearing confused, then turned their attention back to me. By this time, I was once again holding the clip board up against my chest. "Let me get this straight", one of the boys said, as he started walking around like some little Sherlock Holmes. He then continued, "You are naked because coffee was spilt on clothes you weren't wearing at the time. Is that true?" I just nodded, "Yes". What were you wearing when the coffee was spilled on your clothes?", he asked, as he stopped walking and looked me squarely in the eyes.

I was crumbling emotionally under the weight of the young teenager's inquisition, so bowed my head in shame, and mumbled, "Nothing". "Ah Ha! So, it's reasonable to assume you like showing off your naked body in public! Is that correct?", he asked, in the tone of an adult investigator. I was speechless, afraid any answer I gave would only get me in deeper, as the three teenage boys had reduced me to blubbering naked mess. The office door opened, and Miss Sanchez stepped out into the hallway. "Amber. It's almost 4:00", she said. I stiffened my spine just long enough to look at the little interrogator, and said, "Just tell your teacher I'm a nudist!", as I turned and made my way to the safety of the main office.

