Naked in School
By Cookie

Holly was a crazy girl. She would do anything for a thrill. No dare was too great for Holly. She found herself bored having to come in on a Saturday to school and work on a science project. But it was due and she was behind. Luckily she wasn't the only one behind. There were 7 other students in her shoes as well. They all were there on a Saturday to finish. 
There was a basketball game going on in the gym at the other end of the school so getting in was easy. A rare afternoon boy's game that a lot of fans came to see. 
It was around 2:00 and they were tired of science. "IM BORED" Holly moaned. All the other kids agreed wondering what to do to liven things up. 
What could we do that no kid has ever done here at school was the challenge laid before them. Just about everything had been done. 
Then Hollys eyes lit up. "No one has ever ran out in the hall in just their underwear." The other kids startd to laugh. They all agreed no one had done that. But who would have the guts to? 
Holly thought about it. That would be such a turn on to be out in the school hall way half naked. "I'll do it" Holly said. 
The other boys and girls said "nawww you wont do that. 
Holly said "sure I will" and slipped off her shoes. Then she pulled off her socks. 
"What if you get caught? What if someones sees you?" several asked 
"No one is going to see me because everyone is at the other end of the school at the game." Holly explained 
"What about the boys here"? one girl asked. 
"It doesnt matter, she wont do it anyway. She's too afraid" one boy said 
"I will too, and to be sure I do, you can throw my blouse out in the hall That way I'll have to go out there to get it." 
Holly unbuttoned her top and handed it to one boy. The boy wasnt looking at the top. He was looking at Holly's ample chest. She had some nice perky boobs with a decent cleavage, and her thin lacy bra barely covered them. You could say her cups runneth over. 
"How about your pants?" Lets throw them out there too." one girl suggested and everybody agreed. 
Holly could feel herself getting aroused at just the thought of not only taking her pants off in front of 4 boys but also having to go outside the class room into the school hallway in only her undies to retrieve them. Her stomach felt all warm all the way down to her pubic area. She unbuttoned her pants. She let them slid over her round butt and down her shapely legs. Her bikini panties were the same lacy design as her bra. She picked up her jeans and handed them to the boy with her blouse. 
"WHooo wow nice ass. YEAh, sweet panties" the boys and girls were laughing and trying to egg her on. 
Just standing in a class room with hardly any clothes on was exciting her. Letting these boys see her in her bra and panties was an added bonus. If she was so turned on now that she could feel the moisture between her legs, just wait till she ran out into the hallway. 
They opened the door and looked out. The boy with the clothes threw them as far from the door as he could, one piece at a time. Holly watched as her blouse then her jeans flew out into the open hall. They were about 30 feet away. 
She peeked out. "OMG", she giggled "I cant believe I'm doing this. This is soooo turning me on" 
"WAIT" one of the girls said. "If going out there in just your bra and panties is turning you on, imagine how turned on you'd be if you threw your bra out too." 
"You mean go out there topless?" Holly crossed her arms over her breasts without realizing it. 
"Oh Shit" the guys all said "that would be so freakin' awesome" Everybody was agreeing how cool and awesome and mindblowing that would be. 
Holly thought about it for only a second. "OK" she said. 
She unclasped her bra and let it slide off. Even though this was stimulating her to wetness her face was still red with embarrassment. 
The guys were all pumped up and high fiving like they had done something. "Holy shit , your boobs are gorgeous." 
Seeing how turned on the guys were and the encouragement of the girls really was arousing Holly and showing everybody her tits was getting her wetter than ever. She handed her bra to the boy He threw it out near the rest of her clothes. Holly stood there at the door getting ready to run out into the open hallway and grab her clothes. But she hesitated. 
"Whats wrong?" they asked. "You have to go out there if you want your clothes. Were not gonna get them for you." 
But that wasnt why Holly was waiting. "Oh you guys, I'm soooo turned on" and they could see she was rubbing her pussy. 
They couldnt believe she was playing with herself right there in front of them. But Holly didnt care. How often does a chance like this come along? She had once been caught masturbating in the garage by her older brother. He stood there and watched her. When she finally saw him, she stopped for a just a brief second, but then kept on going, looking dead into his eyes until she climaxed. It was one of the best Os of her life. This was like that moment 
"You better get going, cant chicken out now." 
Holly said "wait" and to the amazment and delight of the other 7 students there, she pulled down her panties, stepped outa them and handed them to the official clothes thrower. Holly felt a tingle all over her body. "there throw those out there too." 
The kid just stared at Hollys little slit and her glaring lack of pubic hair. Then the kid tossed them as far as he could. Now she was completely naked and had to go out into the large empty corridor to get her clothes. This was really turning her on, not to mention the guys inside looking at her naked body. 
She took a deep breath and tiptoed outside the protection of the classroom. Her bare feet were making tiny slapping noises on the tiles. 
She got to her clothes about 30 feet from the room and stopped and turned around. All 7 were hanging out the door trying not to laugh too loudly and clapped lighty. 
Holly smiled and looked around. "Im naked" she said softly at no one in particular. Those words sounded strange in the empty school hall. Then looking back at the faces in the doorway proclaimed louder "Im naked in school, I haven't got any clothes on in school, I'm naked hee hee." And she giggled looking down at her bare body. 
Then she put her fingers on her vagina and began to move them around. 
"I'm masturbating in school. I'm naked and playing with my pussy in the school. hee hee hee" 
The girls and boys were laughing their asses off while trying to tell Holly to quit messing around and get her clothes and get back in the room. 
Holly looked at them with a big smile. She then turned and started running down the hall. Jumping up and down. 
"She's lost it" one girl said as they saw Holly run totally naked down the wide well lit passageway and turn the corner and then her bare ass disappeared from view. 
This felt so crazy and naughty running around the school naked. She slowed down as she came to the next corner. She put her back against the wall. It felt cool on her bare skin. She peeked around it and could see the gym and kids and parents. She wasnt more than 50 feet from the nearest one. 
Her hand moved across her boobs then down to her soaking wet pussy. She started to play with herself. 
She pulled back from the corner and leaned back putting her head against the wall and moved her 2 fingers in and outa her slit. She closed her eyes as her breath came in short bursts. 
She slowed down and peered around the corner again. There were several kids a lot closer now and a sudden cheer went up in the gym. 
Oh shit the game was over. In seconds there would be people everywhere. 
She pulled back and ran back down the hall. Feeling her tittes bouncing and the wind over her body was intoxicating. She turned the corner and stopped. She looked back from where she came. 
People were filling the hall way where she had just stood playing with her kootch. Now they were walking this way. 
She ran to the science lab and her clothes. The other kids had picked them up and taken them inside. Good, that would give her time to dress. 
She tried the door but it was locked. She rattled the knob. Nope locked tight. She was without any clothes at all and people were headed this way. 
She looked around and ran down the opposite way she had just came from. She tried all the doors but they were all locked. The only door left was the one leading outside. She opened it slowly and looked around. 
Just then she heard people's voices down the hall and several parents and students came into view. She slid out the door and it shut behind her. 
Now she was trapped outside, naked, on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. She could see people but they hadnt spotted her yet. She knew it was just a matter of time before everyone would see her naked. 
The parking lot was full of people going to their cars after the game. Kids were walking down the sidewalk. The door she had just came out opened and several people came out doing a double take when they saw her naked. 
Holly covered her breasts with her hand and arm while covering her kootch with her hand. She ran around the side of the building and crouched hehind some bushes. There were students and parents everywhere and here she was squatting , completely naked, behind some bushes. 
She put her hand to her pussy and it was as wet as ever. She began playing with herself again. This was stimulating her more than she had imagined it would. She had to get out of there. She couldn't let them find her playing with herself. 
She heard a horn beeping and voices calling her name. She stood up and looked into the parking lot. 
There were the kids from the science room in a car waving for her to come over and get in. But she would have to run out from her hiding place and into the parking lot that was teaming with people. She saw no alternative. If she stayed there she be caught. Just then a voice made up her mind for her. 
"Hey look theres Holly and she naked." 
Several people looked toward her thanks to the pointing fingers. She leaped out from the bushes and ran across the crowded sidewalk into the parking lot, dodgeing cars and people. There were lots of whistles and taunts as she streaked thru the many fans scattered around. She got to the car with her science room buddys but they wouldn't let her in. 
"Please let me in, please." she pleaded as she tugged on the door and looked around at all the faces locked in on her naked body. "Play with your pussy" the kids in the car were mouthing. 
"What?", Holly couldn't believe what they were asking. 
"Play with your pussy if you want your clothes". 
Students and others were starting to surround her, she had to do something. 
She started fingering her wet pussy. The kids in the car told her to turn around and show the crowd. Oh no! Were they really going to make her do this? Her embarrassment and humiliation had hit a new peak as she slowly turned to the crowd, her back to the car. She began fingering herself in front of dozens of people. More whistles and cheers and laughing as she spread her legs and masturbated for all to see. The yelling and laughing had been so loud that she didn't even notice that the science kids had pulled away, leaving Holly in the middle of the parking lot, alone, bare ass naked and almost bringing herself to a climax in public. 
When she did finally become aware they had abandoned her she fled, running and pushing herself thru the crowd. She ran behind the cars and to the far end of the parking lot. She had to find a place to hide. 
This is where the school buses were parked all in a big row waiting for Monday. She forced the doors opened and climbed into the one on the end. She ducked below the window level and made her way to the back seat. There she crouched down. She was breathing kinda hard. She stayed there a minute till her breathing slowed. Her bare feet were flat on the floor and her knees bent. Her butt almost touching the floor. She was leaning forward. 
She could feel her juices running from her soping wet pussy onto her little pucker hole. She put a finger in her vagina, then two. She thought about how intense it was out there, being seen and laughed at and pointed at. The electrifing feeling of being completely bare in front of everybody drove her fingers deep into her slit while the other hand supplied a finger for her now lubed up a-hole. She brought herself to a quick Orgasum while squating there. Then she crawled up on the seat laid on her back, legs wide open and had two more. She was exhausted and dozed off. 
She didnt even wake up when the bus driver from the opposing team climbed aboard and started the bus up. Nor did she wake up when the opposing team all solemnly climbed aboard still hurt and degraded by the beating the home team gave them. 
This was going to be a very very long 2 hour bus ride. They were beat so bad, the coaches refused to ride on the same bus. The whole team was frustrated and would love to be able to take it out on somebody, especially someone from Hollys school. 
Holly awoke with her fingers still in her pussy, looking up at 15 angry faces. 
The kids from the science room saw the bus slowly pull out of the parking lot. As it lumbered by they could see Hollys face and naked boobs jiggleing in the back window. She was yelling something and pounding on the window, her eyes wide as a sea of hands engulfed her and pulled her away. 
Maybe, for the losing team, this wasnt going to be such a long two hours.