"Let him sleep." When Shuichi woke up and found Frederic hovering over Yuki to wake him up.

The Frenchman smiled, "Breakfast?" he asked, with a quizzical look.

Shuichi smiled and put up a hand, "Maybe later." Frederic nodded and walk out of the room.

Shuichi took the pictures from the night table and looked at their pictures again. Then looked at the man sleeping soundly beside him. His husband. He had to admit he was tickled at the idea that someone this gorgeous would take interest in him. He touched the bandage on his head. There are still stuff that are a little fuzzy to him. Some familiar things are coming back, and he is not so queasy about the fact that he is gay and married. He heard a moan from the man and saw him covering his face from the sunlight passing through the window straight to his face. Shuichi got up slowly and drew the blinds a little bit. He then went to the bathroom.

When he got back, he saw Frederic changing Yuki's shirt. He was frozen in place. He was a little annoyed about that Frenchman always hovering around, especially around Yuki. Do childhood friends do that to each other? Are they really just best friends or…lovers? Shuichi asked himself. He was feeling a little jealous. Isn't that supposedly his job? Shuichi didn't say anything and lay back down. Frederic blushed seeing he got caught doing something he was not supposed to do.

"Are you hungry?" Frederic asked again. Shuichi just shook his head. He didn't want to turn around and look. Fidgeting with his pajama top.

"There was blood on his shirt, I changed his bandage. I need to have this washed or else this shirt would be ruined." Frederic explained in tumbled, nervous words.

"I don't care. I didn't say anything." Shuichi replied, a little pissed, why are you explaining yourself? Feeling guilty that you can't keep your paws off Yuki? He mumbled to himself.

Irritated, Shuichi abruptly got up the bed and went to the dresser and started pulling out shirt and shorts, banging drawers, and started changing out of his pajama.

He heard a moan and then a voice, "Brat? Where are you? You shouldn't be walking around." Shuichi stopped. It was Yuki's sleepy voice.

Then he heard a commotion. Shuichi turned around to see what it was. Yuki was pushing Frederic away, and cursing. He smirked. Serves you right. He said to himself. He had a feeling Yuki wouldn't let anyone touch him like that. Frederic was acting so familiar.

Yuki got up groggily and walked to him, "You should stay in bed. You're not that all better yet." He said, reaching out to touch his arm but he hesitated and put his hand down.

"I just need to change to normal clothes, I feel hot and sticky in those pajamas." Shuichi replied.

"You want a shower or a sponge bath? I could help you with that." Yuki volunteered.

Shuichi blushed and waved his hands frantically. "N-No, no. It's fine, I'm fine."

"A sponge bath then, I promised it would be quick and refresh you. Please, let me." Yuki insisted.

Shuichi blushed again and nodded. "O-okay." Letting Yuki lead him to the bed again.

"Get out." That's all Yuki said, and Frederic left without another word.

Yuki closed the door behind him. Then locked it. Shuichi had a full grin on his face. I like this man. He wants business and he means it. Yuki walked to the bathroom and got everything he needed.

Shuichi watched him carefully, feeling so nervous like it was his first date. Yuki's hands were gentle, and he did what he said he would do. Not touching him unless its necessary, he even handed him the sponge and pointed to his boxer shorts. He blushed and wiped himself clean, he let out a little moan, Yuki was right. It feels good. With his hands wet water, Yuki ran them on the younger man's hair, his face inching closer. Shuichi closed his eyes shut when he thought that Yuki was going to kiss him, he was quivering. Not knowing if its from excitement or fear. But all that the older man did was whisper something in his ear, his breathe fanning Shuichi's cheek, goose bumps breaking out, tickled by those sexy lips so close.

"That feels good, isn't it?" Yuki whispered, his lips almost touching Shuichi's ear.

Shuichi whimpered and sat up abruptly, accidentally knocking the basin on the floor. Yuki didn't say anything and just picked up the basin and cleaned up the floor. Shuichi hurriedly put back his shirt on. He saw the blond wobbled when he got back on his feet.

"Are you okay?" he asked, a little worried.

Yuki turned and smiled. "I-I'm fine. Just need more sleep. I haven't slept since I got back and found you in the hospital." He said.

Shuichi jumped out of bed and took the basin from him, "Oh, go back to bed then." He said, Yuki smiled and ruffled his hair.

"I'll be fine. Why don't you eat breakfast while I put this away." He said.

Shuichi glanced at the continental breakfast Frederic prepared and felt sick. Yuki saw him made a face and chuckled.

"I'll make you breakfast, the kind I know you like." He said, taking the tray out.

"Thank you, Yuki." He said, hopping back in bed.

When Yuki woke up, he was surprised by the silence. Shuichi is not lying on the bed with him. He must be in the bathroom. He said to himself, and walked there, "Brat." He called, the door was ajar and he walked in, the bathroom was empty. Odd. He said to himself.

And walk out to the terrace to see if he is sitting there. He isn't there. He went from room to room, getting frantic now, the silence gripping at his heart. Even Frederic isn't there.

His mobile broke the silence, he ran back to the bedroom and answered it immediately.

"Eiri." He answered.

"Yuki san, I'm already here, thank you for the tickets." Hiro said, in greeting.

"Nakano, where are you, where's Shuichi? Did you guys went out? You know he is not well yet." Yuki said, gripping the phone tight, worried.

It took awhile before Hiro replied, and for Yuki it felt like eternity. Hiro cleared his throat first before he saying anything. As if weighing them.

"Yuki san, Shuichi isn't coming back to your place." He said.

"I'm sorry, what did you say? My place? This is our home." Yuki said, trying to remain calm, but he didn't like the way where the conversation was going.

"Calm down, Yuki san. Hear me out first, alright? Shuichi asked me to explain." Hiro said.

"Okay." Yuki croaked, in almost a whisper.

"Shuichi had a fight with your friend Frederic. Your friend is not trying to hook up with Shuichi but actually, he was trying to steal you away." Hiro said, gravely.

"Wh-What do you mean by that? Frederic is straight, and he's got a girlfriend in Germany which he often visit when he's got the time. This is France, Nakano. Shuichi might have misinterpret things. Culture here is different than the conservative Japan." Yuki explained.

Hiro sighed, "Wait there. I'm coming to see you, its better if I tell you these things in person." He said, hanging up the phone before Yuki could ask if he's going to bring Shuichi with him.

Hiro got there alone. The red head found him sitting on the couch, he looked pale, his hand was bleeding again, Hiro could only imagine what he did to make it bleed. He was smoking like a train and drinking, probably trying to calm himself down.

Hiro approached the former novelist. They sat down, and for the first time, Yuki just listened. Yuki said he would do anything to get Shuichi back. Hiro told him of the instances that Shuichi had suspicions. It never occurred to him the way Hiro told him, to him its all black and white, in Shuichi's eyes, everything is different. Hours ago, Frederic accused Shuichi of taking the former novelist for granted, that Yuki had done everything for him, and he abused that love. Hiro walked in on them almost trying to kill each other, and Shuichi's friends were trying to stop them.

Then it dawned on Yuki. "So, he remembered now?" he asked, almost inaudible. Hiro nodded, patting him on the back.

"Can I see him? This is all a mistake, I'm not like that, and Frederic and I are not like that. You know that, Nakano. We talked about this."

Yuki gripped his shirt, begging, pleading. His eyes moist from unshed tears.

"Yuki san." He said, trying to pacify the blond. "I think this is for the best, give each other the space. To think. To evaluate your marriage. Both of you need to think things through, you're always arguing, misunderstanding each other. Both of you are not happy anymore. It isn't right. This is not just a cat and mouse game both of you used to play." He said, and put an arm on the blond man.

"I know both of you are trying. I know you are. You have changed a lot from that playboy novelist I know to just Shuichi's husband. Just give time for things to settle and calm down." Hiro said.

Then he looked at the blond straight in the eye, "Don't go abusing yourself again, Yuki san. Okay? I told you to fix this problem like men. Hurting yourself won't bring him back, and if it did, its not out of love, but out of guilt and pity." Hiro said, and stand up.

"We're staying with one his classmates, he is not sure yet if he is staying here or going back to your old house in Japan." He said.

Yuki almost choked back a sob when he heard that. Hiro put a hand on his shoulder.

"No matter where he is going to be, I'm sure he wants you with him. I'm sure of that. So, just stay put, I will call you from time to time." He said.

Yuki stood up and bowed deep, "Thank you, Nakano. You really are a true friend."

Hiro smirked, "Are you sure you're the husband and not the wife?" Hiro teased, with a chuckle. When Yuki glared. "Thought so. There's the Yuki san I know." He said, and with a wave, he left.

Yuki tried hard not to cry when Shuichi left for Japan. He tried hard not to cry when he agreed to meet him before going to the airport.

"So, um…I would be going now. Take care of yourself, alright? Come visit me sometime." Shuichi said, tugging at Yuki's shirt.

Yuki couldn't say anything and just nodded. He thought given some time, Shuichi would come back. But, he decided to go back to Japan instead.

"This is not my life, Yuki. I'm only here because you are here." He said.

Then why are you leaving me? He wanted to ask, but he didn't. Somehow, he lost his voice that day. Mr. Cold was speechless and subdued.

Why did it have to be like this? You got your memory back. I can see it in your eyes. You wanted me. You still want me.

Shuichi turned his back on Yuki, trying so hard not to cry. He kept convincing himself for the last two weeks that this is the right decision. That being away from each other would help settle things. To stop arguing and accusing each other.

Shuichi wanted to kill Frederic that day when he spat out those hurtful accusations. Shuichi was still smiling, clueless why was the man so angry and looking at him. Until one of his friends translated what Frederic said. And then he lunged at him, scratching his face like a wild cat. Spurting all kinds of Japanese and French obscenities he can think of, kicking and screaming.

He wondered why that didn't wake up Yuki then. Then Hiro came. He straightened it out and asked Frederic to leave politely. Even after he explained everything about Yuki, how they met and talked still, he couldn't bring himself to go back to him and be like before.

Yuki was reaching out to him, about to touch him. But he doubled back and fell on his knees. Then he cried.

Shuichi was saying something when he whirled around and saw him.

"Oh, Yuki. Don't do this." He pleaded, about to break down himself.

"Just go. Meeting with you was a bad idea. Just leave and don't ever come back." Yuki said, his voice was low but clear. Not once did he look at Shuichi again.

Shuichi was about to touch him, when Yuki snarled at him. "Damn it, fck hole, I told you to leave." That did it.

Shuichi whirled away and ran, he ran until he couldn't catch his breathe anymore, his tears spilling into the cold wind.

I'll chase after the memories so you will be with me forever. Yuki said to himself, as he pushed the hurt away from his heart. He clutched his hand tightly to the sleeve of his shirt where Shuichi touched him as though to keep the warmth from departing the earth.

Then the snow came, earlier for its season. Cooling his warm frail body. He felt his life fading away as the scent of his partner leave the air. Yuki drove him away…he hurt him back. Because he loves him. He loves that pink haired man with everything that he is and all that he is made of. He spoke very clearly those hurtful words, knowing that these may be his final words to his wife.

Hiro gave Shuichi sedatives so he would sleep the rest of the flight. Shuichi wouldn't stop crying. He wanted to tell him to run back to Yuki if he is taking it this hard. But he knew this isn't the time for them to get back together again. They needed this. To be apart for awhile.

Yuki went back to Japan. Severing all ties he had in Paris. And yes, burying his past along with it. His name, his life and his memories of long forgotten past. Back in Japan, he is simply Eiri Uesugi. He bought a simple studio type bungalow in a private community, with a secluded beach in the backyard. He would spend his time there, walking, building sand castles. Sometimes he would spread a towel and bring a book, or a notebook and pen and write. The only other person he kept in touch with is Hiro. Knowing the former novelist, Hiro is the last person he would get close with aside from Shuichi. But he did. Because he held on to one part of his past, a past connected to his present. Shuichi Shindou Uesugi. He'd learned that Shuichi kept his name, and now just continued studying music and might go into teaching later on.

Yuki looked down at his hand. He was by the beach again, he traced the gold band on his ring finger. His heart ached but knowing that they are in the same space, and sharing the same sky is a bit of comfort to him. That one of these days, they might cross paths again.

Author's note: This is the fourth installment of Breathing Lessons, feel free to let me know your input and if you see any corrections that need to be done I would be very happy to hear it. Please enjoy, the next update would be coming up soon. Thank you.