My Sisters and Me
by Drew

Almost every single person whos ever partaken in nights of drunken debauchery has woken up on the occasional morning, cringing at the things they said and did the night prior. Im here to say that I never want to hear any of that ever again. Words cannot describe the sobering reality that came thundering down on me when my eyes opened for the first time on the morning after the wedding.

I rolled over and saw that Jordan was awake in the bed next to mine. Kenzie was still sleeping next to him. He spotted me.

Bro. Was all he said. He had an uneasy smirk on his face.

I dont even wanna hear it, dude, I said.

Okay

I got up and got dressed. I sat in the other room of the suite and turned the tv on, but kept the volume low. I stared blankly at the screen, not even registering what I was watching. My heart was racing, along with my mind. I just wanted to disappear. But we all drove up together, and there was no escape. Eventually, I would have to face the music. Jordan entered the room to join me.

Look bro, Im not like gonna like, disown you or anything, he said.

Were we actually going to talk about this?

I mean, dont get me wrong its fucked, he chuckled, uneasily. I continued to stare forward. But its not that weird.

I didnt respond. And he just kept on going. Now, in a whisper.

Bro, Ive walked in on Kelly a couple of times in the past, I get it, alright? I mean we never.like came close to hooking up or nothin like that, but it was hot seeing her. People act like its the most taboo shit ever but Id love to see them look away with a sis that looks like Maddy. Shes a fucking dime piece and everyone knows it. I bet this shit happens all the time!

Haha, what shit do you think happens all the time? I mumbled.

Well, not what happened with yall last night, obviously, he laughed. But sexual tension between siblings, FOR SURE.

Thanks bro, I said.

Yup, he patted my knee and stood up. Alright, we getting some breakfast or what?

I cant go out there, man. Im sorry. I know Ill have to see some people, and probably everyone at some point, but I gotta let this cool down a bit. You good with room service?

Absolutely.

We ordered some food and Kenzie woke up. She didnt say much, other than complaining how shitty she felt. She looked at me oddly a few times. Just kind of staring. She ate a few bites then said she had to go check on Maddy.

I had texted Maddy, asking if she was alright. But heard nothing from her. I also texted Katie, asking her "wtf." She didnt reply either.
We finished our breakfast and got our bags packed. Jordan had heard from Kenzie and Kelly, and they planned our exit as inconspicuously as they could. It really sucked being shunned by basically everyone other than Jordan. I had become a pariah.

Jordan and I went down to get the van ready. The girls were gonna meet us downstairs.

On our walk out I saw Jim and the boys, as well as Frank and Kevin. The men just kind of looked at me with disappointment.

Drew. Was all any of them said.

I dont know if they were just hung over, or upset with me, or embarrassed for me or what, but it was incredibly uncomfortable. My face was burning.
Brian and his gang, meanwhile, had the biggest fucking grins Id ever seen from them. Brian snuck me a thumbs up, but Jim saw it, and slapped him hard on the wrist. Im sure the boys were going to be severely reprimanded for their "prank" on Alex. Who knows when Id hear from them again.

Jordan and I got to the car, loaded our luggage and texted the girls. Katie and Kelly came out first, wearing sunglasses.

Boys, was all Kelly said. Whatever shot I had at hooking up with her was obviously done. between getting caught spying on her and then the events of last night, she probably thought I was the biggest sicko on the planet.

How ya feeling, Drew?! Katie asked, jubilantly. I wanted to drive her off the fucking cliff.

Shut up, was all I said. I heard Katie snicker in the back seat. In my head, I commended Kelly for not laughing.

Well, if it isnt the star of the weekend! Katie announced.

I turned and saw my little sister being shielded by her friends like she was a celebrity running from the paparazzi. The three of them hurried over to the van with their bags.

Hi guys! Ara greeted us, politely.

Hey, I responded.

And then it was awkward silence. I know it was absolute hell for Katie to not blurt out some dumb joke. Maybe she actually felt a bit of guilt. Maybe she was worried Maddy or I would rat out her own involvement in this incestual triangle. Whatever it was, she remained silent. Who knows how she explained her handcuff keys to Kelly.

We drove with music playing, but it was a polar opposite vibe compared to the festive drive in. Katie did eventually make a snarky comment.

Shut the fuck up, Katie, Maddy spoke for the first time. I saw her roll her eyes and shake her head in the rear-view. Katie actually listened to her.

We got back to the house and Maddy and her friends talked quietly amongst each other for a bit before giving each other hugs saying their goodbyes. Maddy went inside to her room. Jordan slapped my hand to say bye.

Ill keep this on the DL, bro, he muttered to me. He really was a great friend.

Drewwww, Kelly said. She forced a smile and gave me an awkward hug. Rebuilding my relationship with her was going to take time.

And then it was just my sisters and me.

********************

MADDY GET YOUR ASS DOWNSTAIRS RIGHT NOW!!!! Our Moms voice exploded through the condo when she arrived home.

I was sitting on the couch playing video games and quickly turned them off. I tensed up, and turned to face my mom.

Drew, I want you out here as well, Mom said calmly, but still with anger. I heard Maddy rushing down the stairs.

I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU TWO! Mom raised her voice again. What the FUCK were you even doing?!

Nothing, mom! Katie -  Maddy started.

Do you NOT know its WRONG to have sex with your brother?! Mom ignored her. Isis that not clear?!

We werent

The HELL you werent! Mom interrupted. And if you werent, you certainly were trying! She began pacing, her bottom lip quivered. Parading around BUTT ASS NAKED for him, ALL FUCKING YEAR!! Since he got here!!!

I wasnt parading I dont even know why Maddy kept trying.

Well now EVERYONES seen it!!! THE WHOLE FUCKING FAMILY. AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS TOO! GOOD GOD. She huffed and puffed and caught her breath. SHAVING YOUR YOU-KNOW-WHAT AND THEN LETTING EVERYONE AT THE WEDDING HAVE A LOOKSY!! Moms voice went into a high-pitched tone and she twirled her hair and pranced around in a mocking manner. Oh yeah did you wanna see it too?! Cmon, you can even touch it if you want! Just shaved it this morning, its all smooth for ya! She had lost her shit, and was beginning to remind me of Aunt Nancy. Maddy cringed at the mockery. And you better believe everyone there got some priceless photographs! Mom continued.

Mom, STOP!! Tears formed in Maddys eyes. Im sorry! It was an accident!

AN ACCIDENT! HA! ALL YEAR?!

IT WAS KATIE.

DONT YOU RAISE YOUR VOICE AT ME YOUNG LADY! AND LEAVE YOUR SISTER OUT OF IT! I tried MULTIPLE times to stop this from happening. But you just COULDNT let it go, could you!? Just had to keep tempting him!

MOM, I WASNT - 

ENOUGH!!!! Mom boomed.

Maddy and I shuttered.

Its clear Im not getting through to you like this. I'm just not," Mom continued to pace, brainstorming. "So, were gonna have to do things the old-fashioned way, she said.

What? Maddy asked, her voice shaking.

Bend over, Mom commanded.

Huh? Mom, no, Maddy protested.

BEND. OVER.

Mom! Im eighteen! Maddy scoffed.

BEND OVER RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!!!!

Okay! Okay! Maddy said, with urgency in her voice. She knelt down, and bent over the ottoman.

Take your pants down. Mom said.

Maddy groaned. Mom, nooooo this isnt fair! She pouted.

You think it was fair embarrassing the whole family last night? Mom asked. You think that was fair for Jim and Emily? All anyones gonna remember about their wedding is that brother and sister acting like theyre in some porno movie. How do you suppose we explain that? Take. Them. Down. NOW.

Maddy stood up and lowered the back of her sweat pants down past her ass. Her cheetah spotted panties came into view. I looked away, but didnt dare move, unless Mom commanded me.

All the way down. Lets go! Mom said.

Maddy dropped her sweat pants from the front side and they fell casually to her ankles. She bent back over. Okay? Her voice trembled.

No, take your underwear off too. This needs to sting. Maybe then, it will finally sink in.

MOM, NO!! Maddys voice rose again as she refused.

EXCUSE, ME?! Mom questioned the insubordination.

IM NOT DOING THAT! NOT IN FRONT OF DREW!

HAHAHAHA, Mom broke into hysterical sarcastic laughter. OH, THATS RICH! AS IF HE HASNT SEEN IT FIFTY FUCKING TIMES BY NOW!!!

MOM PLEASE!

Do you want me to help you with college or not? Mom asked. Maddy was silent. She knew she was stuck. Once youre in California you can do whatever you want with whoever you want, Mom paused. But as long as youre under my roof, you live by my rules, or suffer the consequences. Now pull them down.

Maddy realized there was no sense arguing any more. She shot a look my way, then looked straight ahead in a pissed off, defiant manner. She hooked her fingers beneath her waistband and slid her underwear all the way down to her ankles. Her perky bare butt looked incredible as she arched herself over the ottoman. She waited patiently, forcing herself not to look at me.

ONE! The first smack came and Maddy jumped.

OWWW!

......TWO!!!!......

OWWWW!!

Mom swatted away and Maddys ass cheeks jiggled charmingly with each smack. Her pale, tan-lined butt became pinker and pinker as Mom counted all the way to ten.

By the end, I could tell Maddy was using all her willpower to maintain a straight face. She didnt move, and waited for Mom to allow her to get up and cover.

You can stand up, Mom said, calmly.

Maddy did so. One hand splayed over her privates and the other reached down to pull her pants up.

YOU LEAVE...YOUR PANTS...DOWN! Mom barked. Maddy froze, and obliged. While still cupping her pussy, she stood up straight. She was broken.

Face your brother. Drew, get over here! I quickly did as Mom commanded, and Maddy and I stood facing each other. Her eyes were watery, and she was looking past me. She was now using both hands to preserve her modesty and Mom noticed this and scoffed. Maddy, drop your hands, she sighed.

Maddy did nothing.

Come on, we need TOTAL desensitization. Were getting this out of our system. Right here. Right now. Mom said.

I kept my eyes on Maddy. I saw her eyes flicker in anger.

DONT YOU ROLL YOUR EYES AT ME! Mom grabbed a wooden spoon and smacked Maddys hands with it.

No! Maddy yelped in pain and dropped her hands to her sides. I dropped my eyes and gazed at her pretty pussy. It was soft and bald, and zipper-tight. This was better than any view I got last night. The natural daylight crept through the windows, illuminating my sisters vagina.

Alright good, soak it in, Drew! By the end of today this will be as natural seeing yourself.

By the end of today were all gonna need lifelong therapy, I thought.

Ill tell you what, Mom continued. Drew, take off your clothes as well, please. Youre a part of this, too.

Mom, stop, youre not a therapist! Maddy pleaded.

And YOURE not a porno star! Mom snapped at her. Drew, come on! Chop! Chop! She clapped her hands.

I obviously didnt want to partake in this fucked up punishment. But I couldnt afford to move out. Money often becomes the trump card. So, I stripped naked in the middle of the condo, in front of my mom and sister. My dick was erect, but neither commented on it.

Maddy, shirt and bra off. Lets go.

MOM, NO! IM DONE WITH THIS! Maddy stormed off bottomless and made her way to the stairs. She stomped up the stairs, her naked ass jiggling with each step.

MADELINE! Mom cried out.

There was no response. Maddy disappeared down the hallway.

IM WARNING YOU!!!

WHATRE YOU SMILING FOR?! GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!!! I heard Maddy explode from the upstairs, and then I heard Katie snickering and a door slam shut.

Now that Katies cover was blown, she sauntered down the steps. I made a motion to pull my shorts back on, but Mom waved me off.

Whats going on  EW!! Katie cried and feigned disgust at the site of me. Werent yall naked enough last night? God, this family is sooo screwed up!

Katie, Mom sighed, tiredly. This doesnt concern you.

I know, Im getting something from the fridge, then going back upstairs. Katie grabbed a snack then walked back over to the stairs. She stuck her tongue out and gave me the finger quickly while Mom was turned away. Her eyes lingered down at my cock. Then she disappeared.

MADDY GET BACK DOWN HERE, NOW! Mom set her sights back on her youngest. ONE!!!.....TWO!!!!!.......THREE!!!!!.......IF I GET TO FIVE THATS IT! NO MONEY FOR STANFORD! Mom paused. There was nothing. FOUR!!!!!!......

OKAY, OKAY, IM COMING! GODDDD!!! Maddy exploded out of her room and marched back down the stairs, still wearing only a t shirt, with her hips and kitty on full display. She reached the bottom and made her war over in front of me. She pouted a bit, and rolled her eyes in anger again. Then, she crossed her arms, and pulled her shirt over her head, revealing a matching cheetah spotted bra. She dropped the t-shirt on the floor and knew she wasnt done. She reached her arms behind her back and unfastened the bra, baring her perfect round titties.

The two of us stood there in the nude, attempting not to look at each other, but still stealing glances here and there.

Okay, are we done? Maddy snapped.

Hahahaha, not even close, Mom chuckled. This place is a mess, and you two are gonna clean it. The floor needs swept, and scrubbed, the laundry needs done, the shelves need dusted. So, lets get to it.

Maddy took a deep breath then bent down to pick up her clothes.

Nuh, nuh, nuh, nuh, no. Were not done desensitizing, young lady, look at your brother. Mom finally pointed out my hard-on. My face went red as Maddy eyed it.

Mom, Im NOT doing chores like this! Maddy whined.

Yes, you are. Mom said simply. Then she scooped up Maddys clothes and went over to the laundry room. The sooner you start, the sooner you finish, and can get dressed.

It was inevitable.

Maddy and I spent the next few hours bare butt naked, completing the chores. At first, we hung out in different rooms to avoid more awkwardness and humility. But eventually, we both made our way back to the main living area. Maddy emerged with her hands draped over her tits and pussy in a lazy, annoyed fashion. She began picking stuff up off the floor as best as she could, flashing her bits here and there. She was more focused on preserving her modesty, and Mom wasnt having it.

Did I say you could cover up and half-ass the cleaning? she scoffed.

Maddy sighed heavily, and dropped her hands. "Happy?!" She snapped. I sure was. Once all the loose items were picked up and organized, Maddy filled a bucket with soap and water, and began scrubbing the floor. She did the kitchen first, and was out of sight. But, once she finished, she was forced back out into my eye-line. She was on all our fours and her boobs hung and swung gloriously beneath her. When she turned away from me, her back was arched and her bare ass was pointed toward the ceiling. I snuck countless shots of her pink little asshole and pussy lips from behind.

Maddy finished the floor and moved on to dusting the shelves. Her hot bare titties bounced delightfully as she reached up and motioned arms back and forth. God, this was hard to stay focused. I hoped my mom didnt intend for us to stay nude until my erection died down, because who knew how long that was going to take given the views I was being blessed with.

Lastly, Maddy climbed up on the counters to change some lightbulbs. Her bald-as-a-baby vagina was directly in line with my eyes and there was no doubt she knew it. She was exposing herself as much as possible in a fuck-you-manner to Mom. I was entranced, and got nothing done as I stared at her puffy mound and well-centered slit. She even spread her legs while she unscrewed the bulbs and I discovered that, despite all the anger, humiliation, and annoyance  Maddys pussy was just as stimulated by all this as my cock. I relished those last full frontal, buck-naked looks at my sister and she climbed back to the ground and shielded her privates. The place was now spotless.

Once she was finished inspecting, Mom gave her approval and disappeared quietly into her room. Maddy quickly did the same, and I was left standing naked in the middle of the living room like an idiot. I walked upstairs solemnly and saw Katies face. She looked as if she was going to burst from holding in her laughter. I really, REALLY wanted to knock on Maddys door and talk to her. But honestly, what would I even say? Giving her space seemed like the best move.

Unfortunately, space was all Maddy took for the next week. She pretty much stayed in her room at all times when she was home. By the fourth day, Mom went into to apologize to her. I tried to listen in but didnt want to get caught. When Mom exited, I could tell she was upset. Over the next couple of days Mom went back in to talk with her daughter on several occasions. They seemed to be making progress and Mom was actually smiling after their last talk.

But there was nothing Mom could do to stop what was coming. Summer was ending, and it was time to move on.

Maddy headed off to California to begin her journey at Stanford. She and I never really got the chance to debrief from the disastrous wedding. But we didnt have to. There was plenty exchanged nonverbally during our brief encounters in the condo. She wasnt mad at me, and the two of us were in this together. That was enough for me.

A few months later, I learned Katie and Kelly were getting a place together. It surprised me at first, wondering why Kelly would agree to have a roommate after living alone for the past few years. But I guess the two of them had such a strong friendship, and splitting rent certainly is a huge persuading factor when living in the city.

I didnt stay angry at Katie for long. I understood she felt cheated on, when she discovered Maddy and I were hooking up. Even though Im sure she had her suspicions well before the wedding. Her and I slowly drifted back to a normal, teasing, sibling relationship. It would take a while before us two would hang out with Jordan and Kelly together.

I knew everything I got up to with my sisters the past year was a ticking time bomb. But I never expected it to blow up as massively as it did. How do you even move on from that? How do you start dating again? What do you tell your future partner? These were questions all three of us would try to answer going forward, and it wasnt going to be easy. That said  and maybe I speak for only myself when saying this  but I wouldnt give any of those memories back. Not a single one.


Epilogue

It was two years following Uncle Jims wedding and its aftermath. I had moved up the ranks in the security company I was working for, and had finally earned some high paying gigs. I was able to upgrade from the tiny, studio apartment I was living in the past year since moving out of my moms condo.

I was visiting a buddy out in Cali that I hadnt seen since I moved east. We hung out for the better part of a week, and then I was gonna stop by and see Maddy. There was no way she was gonna let me fly home without visiting her.

She shared an apartment with two friends from college. I arrived and she greeted me with a big hug.

Oh my God, Drew I HAVE to tell you the news I heard from Alex! Maddy said, as I settled down on her couch. Her roommates didnt seem to be home. Maddy was cooking up some dinner.

Whats that? I asked.

Brian got some girl pregnant!! Maddy said.

I nearly spat out my water. Bahahaha seriously?

Yes!l

What a dumbass, I said.

I know, that poor girl! And the kid! Maddy exclaimed.

Haha, yeah that kid doesnt have a chance.

Zero!

I still cant believe Brian actually got laid, I laughed.

Hahaha, I know. Although, he never did lack confidence, Maddy said. Apparently, Jim and Emily got on him pretty bad. She said.

Oh, I bet. They know theyre gonna be the ones to raise the poor thing. Well, them and the girls mom, I guess. I said. Speaking of Alex, hows she been? Havent talked with her sincewellyou know.

Maddy gave me a cautious smile. Shes good! She eventually said. Shes at NYU, surprised she never reached out to ya.

Im sure shes busy.

Yeah, she ended up doing film school! Basically told Nance to fuck off, haha. And since Greg agreed to pay for it, Nancy really had no say once Alex graduated.

Good for her, I said.

Yeah, she says she may actually join us for the holidays this year. Greg really wants to come again too, so well see.

Thatd be fun, as long as Nancy doesnt come, I said, darkly.

Yeah, think the familys pretty much done with her..and she with us, Maddy said. It was quiet for a little bit. Does Katie know you came to visit? Shes been wanting to. Maddy asked, breaking the silence.

Nah, dont talk to her much, I replied. I couldve sworn I saw a twinkle in Maddys eyes, but I was probably just imaging it. Ill definitely have to tell her about Brian next time I see her though.

Oh, for sure!

The two of us continued to chat and catch up. Maddys chicken meal wasnt anything to write home about, but I complimented her anyway.

Drew, Im gonna get cleaned up real quick, you cool just chilling out here? Want a beeror anything?

Uhh, yeah sure, Mads. Thanks.

Maddy walked to her room, and I checked out her place.

She seemed to be thriving in college. She had a set of scrubs and a stethoscope and student badge on a shelf. I saw papers indicating she was working as some sort of tutor. There were several pictures of she and her friends enjoying the college life. Tailgates, spring break, St. Patricks Day  it all looked like a blast. And I was relieved to see not one single guy in any of the photos. I know it was stupid of me to still feel that way, but hey, its only natural to be a little possessive.

And then I saw it. A picture of Maddy, Katie, and I at Jim and Emilys wedding. It was taken before disaster. Maddy and Katie looked so beautiful, and genuinely happy, smiling at the camera. What I would give to go back to that moment. Not necessarily to undo what had happened, but to simply experience those feelings again. The excitement, the thrill, knowing that anything was possible between my sisters and me.

Since then, it just hadnt been the same. Sure, there were still butterflies the few times Maddy came to visit. But I knew nothing would happen. The visits were too brief and time was spent updating each other on our lives. I tried to hint that we needed to get revenge on Katie. More so because I wanted Maddy and I to be a team again, as opposed to any actual desire for vengeance against my older sister. But the further away from the wedding we got, the more insignificant it became. It would be extremely difficult anyway, now that Katie had reverted back to her closed off way of interacting with me. After the third time of bringing it up, I realized I was starting to look desperate, and dropped it.

As I became lost in my thoughts, I heard the shower starting in the background, but it quickly sputtered out.

Oh, shoot! I heard Maddys muffled cry through the walls. The water started again, but then sputtered out again. There was a period of silence.

Drew?! She called out.

Yeah? I replied.

Can you come here for a second? And grab the wrench from that hallway closet? She asked. Oh God, here we go. My heart fluttered, it was like the past two years hadnt happened at all, and the two of us were back at Moms condo.

I walked over to the closet and found the wrench lying there. I walked into the bathroom which wasnt locked.

My little sis stood next to the shower wearing only an orange towel.

Hey, she said bashfully. Her cheeks went a little pink. I looked away.

Umm..Hey, I said.

This stupid thing. It does this a lot. We have to tighten it all the time. Do you mind? Maddy nodded up at the shower fixture.

Sure thing, I said. I moved past her and reached up to tighten the fixture. It was harder than I thought, but I got it done. Alright, give it a try, now, I said.

I was a bit dejected, seeing as this was an actual predicament, despite how much it reminded me of the games Maddy used to play. But then, she squeezed past me and you all know what happened next. As my sister brushed against me, her towel slipped off and dropped helplessly to the floor.

Ahhh! Maddy squealed. She nonchalantly maneuvered her arms to cover her tits and vagina. Now, I couldnt resist looking. She looked as good as she ever had, standing there nude, cupping her privates. Her curvy little body was still the hottest I'd ever seen in person.

Drew! Dont look! She beamed at me, acting as if there was no history between us.

Oh, errr sorry, I began to back out of the room. Maddy turned to the shower and showed off that peachy bare butt. She dropped a hand to turn the shower on, and I saw some side-boob.

It works! She exclaimed. Thanks Drew!

No problem, haha, I let out a nervous chuckle and turned to walk out of the bathroom.

Drew, wait! Maddy said.

I turned back to face my little sister.

TA DAAAA!! She exclaimed. She dropped both her hands and flashed her perky tits and shaved clean pussy for me before shyly covering back up. Okay, gotta wash up! She said, and hopped into the shower.

I walked out of the bathroom, hard as rock, confused as ever, wondering if I should act on it. Then, my phone lit up.

Message from Katie

She didnt know I was out west and it was like 1 AM on the east coast, what the hell did she want? I opened the text, and it only contained two words.

You up?





