New Large Remote Vibe
by Vanessa Evans

Jon’s bought me a new remote vibe. It’s much bigger (length and diameter) than the others that I’ve got. It’s also got something inside that rotates and bulges out the sides as it goes round. When I first saw it my eyes bulged with delight, but then I started to think what would happen when Jon gets me to wear it whilst I’m walking around town. It’s so big that I can’t lose it inside me easily. I was sure that it would work its way out. Imagine walking through a busy shop or somewhere equally public and feeling it drop out onto the floor. Another thing was that it was so big that I was sure that it would be uncomfortable walking with it in.

I talked to Jon about it and he decided that I would wear it around the house while I was getting diner ready and see if I could keep it in. I managed for a while, but as Jon switched it on and off, and I got more excited, I eventually lost control and out it came onto the kitchen floor. As he slipped it back in, Jon said that we needed some way of keeping it in. At first he thought of tying it in with string, but then he decided on duct tape. I immediately remembered the pain of duct tape being ripped of my pussy lips.

Jon went and got some while I dried myself so that the adhesion would be better. Jon cut off a piece about 8 inches long of the 2 inch wide tape and on it went. When it came to sitting down to eat I had to take it very slowly, it felt as if was pushing my stomach up my throat.

That evening Jon decided to walk me to our local pub. As we walked Jon kept turning the vibe up and down. Just as we got to the pub door he turned it up to full and watched me hang onto him as my first orgasm of the evening hit me. I was standing there shaking when a couple of men came out of the pub. One of them looked at me and asked if I was okay. I couldn’t say anything at that moment, but Jon said, “Yes thanks, she’s just cumming.” The man looked at me quizzically then walked after his mate.

Inside Jon told me to go and get the drinks, and as was getting served he turned the vibe onto full again. I didn’t cum, but I did squirm a bit. The barman was a bit of a character and said, “Ants in the pants?” as I shifted from one foot to the other. I said something like, “More like Duracell in the cat.” My pathetic attempt at humour. The barman wasn’t impressed either, and just gave me a funny look.

Jon bought me quite a few drinks that night, and played with the vibe so much that I came twice more before we left. By that time I was able to get off and back down onto the seat without any pain, although I did have trouble walking home as he flattened the battery in the vibe. 

When we got home Jon had me ‘assume the position’ while he ripped the duct tape off. The alcohol dulled the pain, but you should have seen the juices that flooded out of me as the vibe just about jumped out of me.

I had to give Jon a blow job before going to bed, but he waited until next morning before waking me up by ramming into me from behind.

Love,

V