Kristy's Run
bykoala011860091©

Kristy sat on the side of her bed with one running shoe on, and the other in her hand. She was sitting perfectly still and her eyes had a faraway look. Suddenly she shuddered and started putting the shoe on.

This had been happening a lot the last two weeks. Ever since her experience at her neighbor's, she just didn't seem able to focus. No matter how hard she tried to move on, she just kept playing that evening's events over and over in her head. Heidi had been acting bizarre all week, coming home dressed as a hooker or with her clothes all cut up, but when she came home naked, Kristy just had to go in with them to find out what was going on. Heidi had always been such stuck-up prissy bitch, so seeing her being humiliated was pretty amusing.

And then there was Justine. Kristy couldn't really put her finger on it, but something about the girl completely fascinated Kristy. Kristy wasn't a prude like Heidi or anything, and she had some lesbian friends, but before that night at Heidi's she had never had any interest in another woman. Then she'd met Justine, and within a few hours she was getting undressed for the woman. Kristy was honest enough with herself to admit that she had gotten undressed that night because it excited her to do it in front of Justine. Okay, Justine had threatened to strip her anyway, which made a convenient excuse, but Kristy knew in her heart that she had done it willingly. She never would have even made the bet if she wasn't so titillated by the idea of it.

As soon as her shoes were on, Kristy's hand slipped into her running shorts, and she was rubbing her crotch as she replayed that night's events in her mind. The way she had stripped off her clothes while Heidi gyrated on Justine's hips. The way Justine had kissed her and caressed her body, while Justine forced Heidi to pleasure her. Kristy's hand moved faster and faster as she thought about the end of that evening, when she had the most enormous orgasm of her life, and then had been immediately marched outside, and unceremoniously dumped stark naked on her doorstep. Remembering how exposed, humiliated, and terrified she had felt while she stood outside her townhome naked and fumbling with her keys was enough to push her over the edge into orgasm as she stroked herself.

With a small moan, Kristy pulled her hand from her running shorts, grabbed her keys, and went downstairs to start her run. This kind of thing was happening all the time now. She would start thinking about how she felt that night, naked, alone, and outside where anyone could see her, and without fail the memory would bring on a powerful orgasm. Just like she had never before had any sexual interest in women, she had also always been pretty modest about being seen naked, so it was surprising how much it had turned her on. She wondered if that night at Heidi's had been some kind of turning point.

When she opened her front door, she noticed that Heidi's 350Z convertible was parked in front of her townhome. Kristy's heart started to pound as she looked around. She hadn't seen any sign of Heidi since that night, and the thought that she might get to see her neighbor (and Justine!) both terrified and excited her. She stood there for a few moments wondering what to do.

Suddenly, Heidi's door opened. Kristy turned to look, and felt herself turn beet red as she recognized Justine coming out Heidi's door. Justine's eyes locked with Kristy's, and Justine's face formed a knowing grin.

"Hi -- Kristy isn't it? You look a... a lot different than the last time I saw you." Kristy felt a surge of embarrassment, but also exhilaration that Justine's remembered her. She giggled and tried to change the subject.

"Where's Heidi? I haven't seen her in a while."

"She's up in Oregon with her sister, we've been there a couple weeks, and I think she's going to stay there. I'm just settling some things for her. What have you been doing since I saw you last?" As Justine asked this, she stepped up to Kristy, and stood very close to her, so their faces were just inches apart. Part of Kristy felt like she needed to back away and get some personal space, but she felt paralyzed as she looked into Justine's eyes.

"Uhh... not much..." It was all Kristy could do to eek out a whisper.

Justine started carreessing Kristy's bare bicep. "I had so much fun last time we were together." She brushed a thumb on Kristy's breast to emphasize "together." "I was hoping we could get to know each other even better." Justine leaned in, her lips almost touching Kristy's. "Should I join you for your run?"

Kristy meant to say "yes," but she shocked herself by letting out a moan instead. Justine obviously got the picture, and whirled around and ran back inside. Kristy was shaking as she stood in front of her home. She kept thinking she should run off as fast as she could, to get away from Justine while she still had a chance, but something deep inside stopped her. Even though the last time she was with Justine had resulted in being dumped stark naked on her front step, she still wanted to be close to the younger woman.

Before long Justine came back out, wearing a tight tank top and spandex shorts. She looked so beautiful and sexy that it made Kristy feel inadequate standing there in her loose tank top and baggy running shorts. Justine started to stretch, and chatted with Kristy. She casually mentioned how much she had enjoyed making out with Kristy, and watching Heidi service her. She asked Kristy if she enjoyed it to, forcing Kristy to croak out a quiet "yes." Justine continued on about Kristy's sudden exit, and asked her if Jeff had caught her outside naked, to which Kristy told her that Jeff hadn't been home yet.

"So how did you like being naked outside?"

Kristy was mortified to have this topic being discussed outside. Her answer was barely a whisper. "I hated it..."

"What? I couldn't catch that."

"I hated it. It was totally humiliating."

"Oh come on, you're the one that did the striptease in front of a bunch of girls you just met. You've got a sexy body and you're proud of it. Nothing wrong with that. All sexy girls like to show off now and again. Besides, didn't it turn you on?" Kristy was humiliated to realize that not only had it turned her on then, it was turning her on now. She had just masturbated, but she could feel her crotch moisten as Justine talked.

"In fact, I bet you'd love to show off some more wouldn't you." Kristy wanted to scream no, but as she looked into Justine's eyes she couldn't do it, she felt like she'd do anything to make the younger woman like her. "You don't really need this top for our jog, why don't you leave it here."

"No... no way," Kristy had meant to say it more firmly, but some how it came out more like a request than a rejection.

"Come on," Justine cajoled her, playing with the hem of Kristy's top. "You've got the sports bra on, you see lots of girls jogging with just that these days. Come on, it'll be fun." Justine slowly pulled the hem up on the top, exposing the black sports bra. Kristy felt warm and dazed in Justine's presence. She knew that she would normally never do anything like this, but Justine really wanted her to, and the next thing she knew she was raising her arms and letting Justine remove her top. It wasn't like she was indecent or anything, she thought, and she knew it would make Justine happy. Justine gave her a quick kiss on the lips, making her knees tremble.

Justine left the top hanging from Kristy's doorknob, (what would Jeff think?) and then pulled Kristy by the hand to start jogging. They ran out of the complex, and Kristy led them down a path into the nearby nature preserve. This was one of the things Kristy loved about living where they did, the close access to a large open space with lots of trails for walking or running. While there were usually other people around, this time of day it was pretty quiet, and since Kristy felt a little uncomfortable the way she was dressed, she was glad that they only ran into one other jogger.

After about a mile, Justine called for her to stop a second. Without a word, she grabbed Kristy and pulled her off the path into the trees, where they were out of sight of the trail. Justine began kissing her passionately, her hands roaming Kristy's body. Kristy was overwhelmed with desire, and kissed Justine back desperately. She felt Justine's hand go inside her shorts, and squeeze her ass cheeks. Kristy reciprocated by caressing Justine's spandex covered butt. Soon Justine's hand moved to the front and was rubbing the crotch of Kristy's panties. Kristy threw her head back and moaned as Justine massaged her sex. She heard Justine say something about "damned shorts" and then felt Justine pulling on her shorts. Before Kristy could react, she felt something give on her shorts. When she looked down she saw that Justine had small knife on her key chain, and she had cut Kristy's shorts open from the left hip to leg opening. Kristy started to yell at her, but Justine moved quickly and sliced the other hip open on the shorts, pulling them off Kristy entirely. Kristy shrieked as she realized she was now out for a run in her bra and a thong.

***

Justine just laughed, grabbed Kristy's bra between her breasts, and pulled her in for another deep kiss. Kristy was left breathless and dizzy when Justine finished the kiss and went back to the trail, beckoning Kristy to continue their jog. Kristy was paralyzed, her mind seemed frozen. She couldn't keep going, with her butt hanging out. But staying there wasn't really an option either. Justine called out that if she was a good girl, and kept up, that Justine would go get her some clothes. Even though she didn't really trust Justine, she had to admit she was more turned on than she'd been since the last time she saw Justine. Maybe this was what she really needed. Finally she decided "what the hell," and started to run. Justine set a pretty good pace, and Kristy found that she had to let her arms swing free to keep up the pace. That meant she couldn't use her hands to protect her modesty. Kristy was proud of her firm body, and worked hard to keep her abs and buns hard, but she knew that the view from behind must have been pretty lewd with her exposed cheeks jiggling as she ran.

After a few hundred yards, Kristy began to realize that although she was embarrassed to be so exposed, and more than a little terrified at being caught, that she also felt incredibly good. She had always been a pretty modest person, but this was exhilarating, and if she was honest, the prospect of getting caught made it just that much more exciting.

Soon Justine stopped, and when Kristy caught up, Justine started making out with her again, this time right on the trail. Kristy wanted to protest, to at least go in the bushes again, but Justine was so forceful, she just couldn't summon the will to do anything but let Justine ravish her. Which is exactly what happened next. Justine's hands were everywhere, and Kristy felt like they were leaving trails of fire behind them. She kissed Justine ferociously, plunging her tongue into the younger woman's mouth and grabbing her brunette hair. Kristy felt Justine's hands under her bra, and then a firm grip on her nipples. Justine pulled and pinched her nipples much harder than Kristy normally liked, but somehow it felt great when Justine did it. Next she felt Justine grabbing her thong, and pulling it up, forcing the fabric into her. Kristy gasped as Justine sawed the fabric back and forth in her crotch, pulling it into her sex. The rubbing on her joy button was getting her closer and closer to orgasm. A part of her mind realized that the situation was ridiculous, with her being stripped mostly naked and having lesbian sex on a public path, but most of her was so focused on that orgasm that she didn't care.

Unfortunately, Justine stopped before that could happen. Kristy felt Justine's hands leave her breasts and crotch, and then a sharp tug on her bra. Somehow she knew what had happened before she looked down. Justine had cut the bra between the cups, leaving Kristy's breast exposed. By the time Kristy realized this, Justine had already cut her right shoulder strap too. Kristy grabbed her bra, and tried to cover her boobs, but Justine pulled with surprising force, ripping the bra from her hands. Kristy crouched down and covered her exposed breasts as Justine laughed, and used her knife to shred Kristy's bra. There was no way Kristy would be getting that back.

"Come on, I told you that you needed to keep up, or I'll just leave you out like this." With that, Justine was off running, at a pace that made Kristy worry that she'd lose her. Kristy chased after her, finding herself at a near sprint to keep up. Kristy was instantly glad she was a B cup and not a double-D or something. Even so, her boobs were swinging and bouncing wildly as she tried to keep up with the younger girl. Kristy was in good shape, but she started to worry that Justine might outrun her. To make things worse, Justine was getting closer to where the trail met up with the road again, and someone would be sure to notice a topless runner.

Thankfully, Justine stopped just short of were the trail left the woods, and waited for Kristy.

"Wow, I am really enjoying this run," Justine toyed with her, "aren't you? Hmmm, the only thing that would make it better for me, is if you didn't have those silly panties blocking the view." Kristy backed away, afraid that Justine might try to take her last remaining piece of clothing. But Justine was trying a different tact. "Why don't you just give them to me?" When Kristy shook her head violently, Justine just laughed. "Come on, your almost naked out here anyway. If you take them off, and let me see all of you, then I promise I'll go home and get you something to wear. Otherwise, I'll just leave you here like this."

Kristy felt a knot in her stomach as she realized she was trapped. If Justine started running, Kristy couldn't chase her anymore, since she'd be out in the open. Not to mention it looked like the younger girl was definitely faster. If she tried to get home on her own, wearing only her tiny panties, she would get caught for sure. If she gave Justine what she wanted, she would be stuck out here nude, but she could hide out in the bushes until Justine brought her something to wear.

Without saying a word, Kristy slowly put her thumbs in the waist band of her underwear, and began to pull down. When her neatly trimmed pubic hair was in view, she decided she was too far gone, and quickly pushed her panties to her ankles. As she stepped out of them, she heard Justine ask her to hand them over. Kristy stood back up, and stepped towards Justine with the panties in her outstretched hand when she realized that Justine had a camera phone in her hand, and had just taken a picture! Kristy gasped and crouched down, covering her boobs and crotch with her hands.

"Boy, that's a great one, your tits are perfectly clear and you've even got your legs apart to show your pussy," Justine commented casually as she looked at the picture on the phone.

"Please... no pictures. I don't want to end up all over the internet or anything," Kristy pleaded. Justine just laughed and reminded her that if she didn't do exactly what Justine told her, she'd be stuck there by herself.

"Now give me you panties, and let me see what you've got." Kristy felt even more trapped than she had just a minute ago. She kept wracking her brain to think of a way out of this, but obeying Justine seemed to be the only option. She handed over the panties, and let Justine take a few photos of her. To Kristy's horror, Justine started to direct her to get into more and more obscene poses. She wanted to yell at Justine, to tell her no way, but every time she started to, she was terrified that the younger girl would leave her. So in a state of shock and disbelief, she proceeded to expose herself in the most vulgar ways as Justine urged her on.

"Put you hands on top of your head and spread your legs... good... now play with your nipples... that's it, now pinch them... harder... come on, harder... okay now pull them a little... nice... now use your nipples to jiggle your tits... great now pull you nipples as far out as you can... you can go farther... farther... pinch them harder and really pull... okay, now turn around... bend over and look at me between your legs... reach up and spread your ass... and now your pussy lips... very nice... ooh, I think you're turned on, eh?"

Kristy was completely humiliated to be doing all this, but the fact that her sex was clearly swollen and wet was mortifying. Even worse, Justine insisted on talking about it. To top it off, some people had run by on the main trail, less than 100 feet away, and she was terrified of getting caught.

Suddenly Justine was right behind her, and had grabbed her left nipple. She used the nipple to pull Kristy upright, making her see stars. She hugged Kristy from behind, with one hand on the naked woman's nipple, the other on her crotch. Soon Kristy was panting and grinding her butt back into Justine as the younger girl diddled her exposed twat. Kristy felt like her whole body was on fire, and as Justine pinched and twisted her nipple, she felt herself getting closer and closer to orgasm. When it finally hit, Kristy screamed out loud. If anything, this one was more intense than the one the Heidi had given her that night two weeks ago. By the time it ended she was exhausted, and she collapsed on the ground when Justine let her go.

"My, you are one horny little slut girl!! That was like an atom bomb going off. Turns you on to be naked out here doesn't it? To be told what to do... You get off on the humiliation, don't you? That's okay, hush. It's totally obvious. I'm going to do you a favor, and give you what you really want. I know I said I'd go get your clothes, but that's not really what you want is it? You'd rather be stuck out here without anything to wear, wouldn't you? To be totally exposed? So that's what you'll get. Bye."

Before Kristy's brain could even process what she said, Justine was off and running. Kristy wailed out "NO" but Justine was already out of sight.

"Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod," Kristy muttered and she stood up and quickly ran into the bushes. She tried to get her brain to work, to figure out what to do. In this bush she was hidden from the road, but anyone coming up on the path would see her for sure. Just then two guys came jogging along the road, and the then turned to go up the trail that Kristy and Justine had used. Thank God they didn't turn around or they would have gotten an eyeful. Kristy was still trying to figure out how she was going to cover herself when she heard women's voices coming up the path behind her. She realized that in a few seconds they would be there and see her in all her glory. In a instant she decided that the only thing to do was to run home as fast as she could.

She bolted from the bushes, and ran out along the road, getting up to the fastest pace she thought she could hold. She thought she heard some shouts on the path, and figured whoever it was had got a good view of her butt. Kristy tried to use her hands to hold her boobs, but that interfered with her stride again, so she just let everything hang loose, and she knew her breasts were swinging around lewdly. A couple cars passed her by, but all they did was honk at her. She turned into the complex where she lived, and made a bee-line for her door. To her horror, one of her neighbors was walking up the sidewalk. Kristy slowed down and used one arm to hide her boobs, and the other to cover her crotch as she hurried by the woman.

"You girls," the woman said crossly, "this isn't some orgy here! You can't keep running around naked!" Kristy figured she must have seen Heidi, and mumbled that it wouldn't happen again.

When Kristy got to her door, she saw that her top was no longer on the door knob, and the lights were on. Jeff was home! Kristy swore, but she had to go inside. She unlocked the door and peeked in. She praised her luck when she realized Jeff was downstairs watching TV. When she closed the door, he yelled "hello," up to her and she answered back as she ran quickly up to their bedroom. She heard his footsteps coming up after her, so she quickly shucked off her shoes and socks, and was just about to go into the bathroom to start the shower when Jeff walked in.

"Hi sweetie... wow, you got undressed quick. I found your shirt out front, you didn't run topless did you."

"No don't be silly, I just wanted to get undressed in case you wanted me to get some more exercise before I shower. You know, I could use a really good work-out."

And that's exactly what she got. 

