The Plane Trip, Part Three.

    As Kylie gently ran her tongue over and around my own I trembled and hugged her tight. I could feel her body heat scorching my nerve endings and I immediately started seeping moisture out of my little cunt opening. As I pressed against her firm nipples with mine I felt a warm hand on my lower back and broke off the kiss and peered around at John, smiling at me with that sweet wide grin, as he slowly slid his hand lower and lower until it pushed my backless dress open and I felt his fingers trailing down into my crack and I shuddered at the feelings, and the idea that he was actually doing that in public right here in the airport in front of everybody.

  As he continued stroking my rear and tickling my little puckered hole with his fingernails Kylie reached up and put both hands on my swelling breasts and tugged gently on my stiff nipples through the thin material of my silk mini dress. John moved directly behind me and ran his hands around under the loose sides of my slip dress and I felt fingers brush across my hip bones and down over my tight tummy and then down over  my swollen clit and I jerked against Kylie as she once again slid her hot tongue into my panting mouth.

 The lounge was empty by then and I was certain I was going to be ravished right there on the spot, but thankfully they took mercy on me and pulled their hands back, and then we walked on down the concourse as they told me all about their house and Lake Tahoe. I had been in the area before, last year, snowboarding with my sister and my nieces at Kirkwood, and also down below at Sierra Summit outside of Madera, California, so I knew a little bit about the area. Angie and I had also been up here for a few days staying at a motel on the lake in South Shore, near John and Kylie's home, right after we first met. Our families had spent our vacation sunning and boating and gambling, when we could get past the casino guards watchful eyes. Being sexy little teens helped a lot to make them overlook the age restrictions.

  We all climbed into John's big SUV and they had me sit between them in the front seat. I looked over at John's baggy low slung shorts and saw the tell tale bulge rising as he looked down at my stiff pink nipples clearly showing as my slip dress gaped at the top, almost falling off as it hung on the very tips of my rock hard little nubs. Kylie meantime had pushed her loose pale blue shorts lower on her hips until I could see the top of her slit and I panted and moaned as my thighs got hot and my cunt seeped moisture onto the leather seat. Her own hard nipples were making pointy little hills in her dark sleeveless stretch knit top, and it was all I could do to stop from diving on her and ripping her clothes off and running my mouth over her sweet looking cunt lips which were also beginning to glisten with juices like mine.

 As John drove up into the gated community where they lived his hand was sneaking ever higher on my leg until I felt his fingers touch my naked clit and I jumped in my seat and groaned as little electric shocks ran up and down my body. My dress was up around my waist as he and Kylie both began to stroke me all over, driving me crazy with lust. Kylie reached up and untied the spaghetti straps on my shoulders and tugged my top down over my swollen breasts and I gasped as the cool air from the vents made my nipples ache. They were so stiff, and sticking straight out. She leaned down and ran her tongue around over the pink ends and I shivered and pulled her head tighter against me as she sucked my breast into her mouth and swirled her tongue around my nipple until I was panting and gasping, wanting to come so bad I could taste it.

John pulled up into the drive and shut the engine off, and then turned toward me, and leaned in and started kissing his way from my ear down my sensitive neck, and then he took my other nipple in his lips and sucked on me. Now they both were sucking and finger fucking me with their fingers entwining in my wide open little hole and I spread my legs wider and pulled their hands hard against my mound to force the flying fingers further up my hot little cunt.

I panted over and over, "Oh, God! Oh, that feels so good having you both finger fucking me and sucking on my tits, oh God my cunt is sooo wet, oh shit, I'm gonna' cum, oh God, you guys, fuck me, fuck me, oh God I'm cummiiiiing!" I screamed, as I arched up off the leather seat and gushed all over both their plunging hands and down my sweaty little legs to the carpet. My legs twitched and my stomach cramped and released over and over as the convulsions wracked my body. I was holding on to their arms so hard that I left fingernail marks when I finally released my grip and slumped down in the seat and passed out.

***

Evidently John had carried me into the house because I woke up lying on their big sectional with the sun streaming in through the high windows and warming my naked body as Kylie ran a wet wash cloth all over my skin, lovingly. She stared into my eyes with so much love that I started crying so she moved closer and leaned down and held me until the intense emotions waned.

I finally looked up to see John standing behind the couch smiling down at us as the video camera whirred in his hands. I blinked in shock. I didn't want my face in a film shown all over the net, and I sat up and tried to grab the camera as he backed up and kept filming.

Kylie tried to calm me, and eventually I did, but not before yelling at John as he sheepishly put the video camera down. Then he came around and kissed me and apologized, and his lips felt so warm and tender that I couldn't stay mad very long, what with the heat starting again in my thighs and breasts.

I asked Kylie if she had anything I could put on since my little slip dress was soaked with my juices and sweat. She laughed and said, "You really think we invited you down here just to let you run around dressed all the time?"

I gasped and looked back and forth at both of them as they grinned at me, ogling my naked body, so that I started getting turned on again. "Oh, God, this is my worst nightmare come true," I thought, "I'm going to be their sex slave for the rest of my little life if I stay here." Then my cunt gave me away as my vivid imagination took hold, and I gasped as I realized that that was exactly what I wanted to be, and that was why I decided to come in the first place, but had never admitted to myself until just now.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked, as they continued to grin at me. "Well, first of all," said Kylie, "You will wear this little leather doggy collar as a sign that you are our plaything, okay?" I nodded, as I panted at the thought that I was really going to go through with this, and give myself to them completely no matter what they asked of me. "And you will address us both as Master and Mistress at all times, understood?" I again nodded and moaned as my cunt started seeping again. "Oh God! This is turning me on so much!" I thought, as little shivers of excitement and anticipation ran up my spine.

"We will tell you what to wear outside of the house and you will do everything we tell you to do when out in public, including taking your clothes off, or masturbating, or playing with your nipples or cunt when we say you have to. We may even have you fuck some young children, too, it's all a matter of our whims at any given moment in time. Do you agree with this or do we have to tie you up and whip you before you learn to obey us?"

  I nodded as I closed my eyes and shuddered, thinking how delicious that might feel to be whipped, and then fucked senseless by these two gorgeous people. "I just might have to rebel a little sometimes" I thought, "Just to see how far they will take this little game."

 "Yes, Mistress," I said, as Kylie slid the collar around my neck and fastened it with the little gold lock and inserted the long gold chain through the loop on the front. It was about three feet long and she tugged me to my feet, and I followed her upstairs to their huge bedroom with the big windows looking out over the lake and hills beyond. They have a long wide deck that runs the entire length of the back side of the house. Kylie led me out onto it and I panicked as I looked to both sides to see if anybody was close and seeing me naked.

  The house on the left was slightly higher and the one on the other side lower since they were on a hillside. I trembled and started wetting myself in the hot sun as Kylie commanded me to lie down on one of the padded chaise lounges and then pulled my arms up and locked them on the top bar with handcuffs that were already fastened there, evidently in preparation for my visit. Then she spread my legs and secured them wide to the bottom rung and I panted and looked at them anxiously. I was really scared that maybe I didn't actually want to be at their mercy, but it was a little late for that now.

 She took a bottled of sun tanning lotion out of the small cupboard on the wall and began to spread it all over me, causing me to gasp and shudder whenever her soft fingers ran over the ends of my stiff nipples or flicked my engorged little clit or ran up and down and between my cunt lips. I was squirming all over the lounger as John looked on and smiled as he slowly lowered his baggies and his big penis leaped up in the air. I gasped and jerked around trying to get free because I knew that big thing was going to hurt bad going up my tight little hole.

 When I was all slick and shining from the oil he knelt down between my legs and pushed the head of his rock hard penis against my quivering outer lips and I panted and waited expectantly as he pushed harder and harder until his cock slid between my inner cunt lips and teased my walls. Sliding in deeper I thought he would split me open but gradually the pain subsided, and ecstasy replaced it, as he filled me and started fucking me slowly.

 Kylie released the lock on the chaise and laid my upper body down until I was flat on my back as John continued to drive me crazy with lust sliding in and out. Kylie then dropped her shorts and panties and straddled my head and slowly lowered her body until I felt her smooth shaven slit brush my trembling lips. I reached up and licked up and down with my tongue and she moaned and pushed down further until my tongue slid up into her wet box.

  My body was on fire as John fucked me and I sucked and licked on Kylie's sopping wet cunt and clit. She ran her fingernails up the insides of my arms and teased my arm pits behind her back as she watched my shining body as I rolled back and forth on the lounger, totally out of it, not caring if the world saw me, as I suckled and fucked back, clenching John's cock with my tight cunt making him groan with pleasure and gasp as his penis slid out to the end then plunged back in to the hilt making my clit and cunt lips vibrate. Then Kylie reached down and pulled both of my swollen nipples up in the air hard and I screamed at the combined pain and pleasure wracking my little frame.

  `Oh, God, oh God," I kept panting as they pummeled me and abused my body. "God!. Yes! Rape me, please, fuck me until I go nuts, oh God, that feels like my cunt is on fire, Master John! Oh, fuck me, fuck meeeeee! Mistress,  pull harder, grab my tits and yank harder on my nipples, Oh God I'm gonna' cum! Oh Goddddddd! Unh., Unh, Unh," I gasped into her cunt licking furiously and sucking her clit  as I pushed my hips up off the chaise to sink John's throbbing penis further and further up my steamy little opening.

  Then fireworks went off in my brain and I lunged into the air and screamed like a banshee as I came in torrents around John's cock which spurted deep into my vagina as Kylie shuddered and gushed into my open mouth, and I slurped up her sweet juices as they inundated my face. The huge contractions jerked me up and down, making the cuffs jangle and the chaise rattle, and made my cunt walls clench and release John's throbbing cock as he continued to shoot gobs of cum into my hot cunt. Kylie clenched my head with her smooth thighs and shuddered and gasped too, as I licked up and down and slid my tongue all around her lower body and up her crack, licking furiously.

  Finally the storm passed and Kylie stood up on shaking legs as John eased his deflating penis out of my soaked cunt. Talk about being royally fucked! I loved it, and I smiled as I stretched to relieve the tension in my sore muscles. Kylie came back out of the house with a wet towel and sponged me all over as John took movies again of my wet body glistening in the hot sun, and handcuffed spread eagled to the lounger, with my cunt gaping open from the stretching, and my nipples and breasts swollen and red from the abuse Kylie had given them.

  They unlocked my restraints and I stood up on trembling legs as my thighs ached and my whole body felt like I had been run over by a truck. Kylie tugged gently on the chain fastened to my collar and I looked at her and she grinned as she led me back into the bedroom. They argued for a bit about what I should wear, and finally decided on a large muscle tee that was old and worn thin from John wearing it when he went fishing in Baja. It had large armholes and the neck was stretched so it barely hung on my breasts. The bottom just reached below my cunt and I felt the cool house air blow up under it and caress my sore cunt lips. The white material was almost transparent so my nipples, stiff from the cool air, were plainly visible through the cotton.

 Kylie led me over to the mirrored closet doors and I gasped at my reflection. I looked just like the slut I have become, and I shuddered as my cunt got warm and my breasts once again began to swell and poke the tee out away from my body. John came over behind me and ran his hands up the front and fondled my breasts and I watched the seemingly detached hands as they moved all over me. Then he slid his hands into the loose side openings and pulled on my stiff nipples until I was squirming again and my thighs were getting hot from the increased blood flow.

 Just then the doorbell sounded and he released me and Kylie tugged gently again on the chain signaling me to follow her as we went out to the front door. I was shaking with anticipation at being seen in the abbreviated covering over my naked body by strangers, when John opened the door and I looked down at the cute little Girl Scout with the box of cookies held to her little chest smiling up at us expectantly. "Wanna' buy some cookies?" she asked, then she gasped and almost dropped the box when she saw me, and the collar, and my loose tee barely hiding my cunt from her view. She stood there mesmerized as she ran her eyes up and down my body noticing my nipples poking the fabric out in little mountains, and the little drop of moisture slowly running down my leg.

  Kylie said, "Sure, honey, come on in." 

  I thought as I chuckled to myself, "Said the spider to the fly."
