It Was Mutual

M,F Mast, Toys


We had recently bought some toys to add variety to our sex life. It started with vibrating cock rings which were a novelty for a while. Then, because I wanted to see what her pussy felt like after someone or something big had been in her, I brought home a 10 inch long, 1 3/4 inch wide dildo. I've fucked her with it a few times and she has enjoyed it. But the most satisfying addition to our collection has been a Wee-Vibe. One of those vibrators that are designed to be used during penetrative sex. One end inside the woman's pussy stimulating the g-spot and the other end stimulating her clitoris.

In her mid-40's, my wife doesn't always respond to traditional foreplay. There are some nights I can caress and hold her for almost an hour and her pussy is still not lubricated. The first time we used the Wee-Vibe, I think she was wet with the anticipation of the new toy. Using it that night was not a surprise. It was planned. We did our usual cuddling and caressing knowing that I would soon reach over to the night stand and bring the toy over. I handed it to her and let her manipulate it. She turned it on and experimented with the various speed and vibe pattern settings until she found one she liked. While I held her, she rubbed it up and down her slit, moaning more and more with each movement of the vibrating heads. She then turned to me and kissed me hard as she inserted the narrow end into her soaking wet pussy. 

I then moved into position and proceeded to slide my cock into her, pressing the vibe against her g-spot. I'd be telling a lie if I said that I fucked her for hours like this. Truth be told, the excitement and new sensations had us both cumming hard in about 5 strokes. 

As we lay in bed cuddling, enjoying the afterglow, I asked her what she thought. She kinda looked at me and said we would definitely be using it again. There's a product endorsement if I ever heard one. 

About a month later, we were fooling around and I handed her the vibe. Little did she know what I had in mind. 

She took the vibe and quickly found her favourite setting (we had, of course, used it several times since that first night and she had figured out what she really liked). She eased it to her crotch and started to move it around, stimulating her pussy area. It was warm so I moved the sheets down (at least that's what I told her – I just wanted to watch). I looked at her face and saw that look of pleasure that women get when they are really into what they are feeling. I kissed her forehead and then her neck. I reached up and took one of her tits in my hand and started to softly squeeze and caress her nipple. She moaned when I took that nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. Because I no longer needed my  hand to hold her tit, I moved it down to cover hers while she manipulated the vibe. I was pleasantly surprised to find she had already inserted it into her cunt and was now just using her hand to vary the pressure being applied to both her clit and g-spot. 

In the meantime, I'm as hard as a rock and she can feel my cock against her leg. She reached over and started stroking it, sending wonderful sensations through my body. I remove my hand from her crotch and start stroking my erection. My mouth leaves her tit and moves to her lips. She is moaning into my mouth as I kiss her. I whisper in her ear that I want her to bring herself to orgasm. I tell her that I want the vibe to make her cum. As I tell her this, I continue to stroke my cock, the pre-cum making her leg wet. She can feel my hand moving along my length. I move it so I can get some of my fluid on my hand to add lubrication to my personal pleasure. 

The pleasure she is experiencing gets more intense as she continues to lightly manipulate the toy in her pussy. I briefly reach down and feel how wet she has become. She is starting to breath harder now. She reaches up and strokes her tits. First a light caress for her right nipple then a pinch of her left. Her moaning is becoming louder as I continue to hold my masturbating wife in my right arm. My left hand is increasing its tempo. I am getting that familiar feeling in my cock. I slow down a bit. I want to come with her. As she starts her familiar wail of pleasure, I increase my pace. She wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me passionately as she cums hard on her toy. At the same time, I start to cum and cover her hip with my hot semen. 

As she calms down, she reaches down and removes the vibe from her sated cunt. She turns it off and light heartedly complain about the mess I made on her leg. Without saying a word, I slide down her body and start to lick my cum off of her. I keep it in my mouth. When I am done, I slide up and kiss her, sharing my load with her. When the kiss is over, we swallow our share and fall asleep. 
