Little girl big man
Baby Blue by Will Bill

NOTICE: This story contains highly erotic, and explicit sexual material.  If you are even slightly offended by such material, I suggest that you stop reading right now!  The story contains graphic descriptions of all sorts of sex.  It is completely non-violent though.


The characters in this story have no relationship to anybody I have ever known.  

This is a story.  

It is a complete fantasy.  

Copyright Notice:  No copyright.  Original version 

2007. If you want to steal this, say you wrote it, edit it, modify it, or leave it alone. Feel free to do so, with the author's blessing.  I wrote this, to have fun, not to make money with.


Baby Blue by Will Bill

It was right after a morning rain and the sun was shining brightly. Steam was rising off the sidewalk where old chalk marks of hopscotch were beginning to fade away. The small girl reached into her pocket and pulled out a piece of chalk when she noticed a man sitting on the park bench. The man was very big. Normally she would pay it no mind but something seemed a little odd. There seemed to be a baby sitting on the huge man's lap. The baby was in diapers and wearing a blue bonnet and matching sweater. The small girl slowly approached the bench. "Is that your baby Mister?" the girl whispered believing that the infant was sleeping. "Why yes, he is." the big man replied. "Is he sleeping?" she probed. "Aren't you observant 'Missy'! What's your name?" the man asked.  "Kimmy, my name is Kimmy" she whispered. "Kimmy, you don't have to whisper, 'Baby Blue' has a tummy ache and needs to be burped." explained the man. "What kind of name is that - 'Baby Blue'?" Kimmy inquired. "Well." said the big man "He is a very special baby. Would you like to try and burp him and make him feel all better?" The small child jumped for joy as she felt all 'adult-like'. "Oh could I Mister, could I hold him and burp him?" she asked excitedly. "Of course you can but Baby Blue being a baby and all - we have to be real careful so you'll have to climb up on my lap and hold him. Would you like to do that, Kimmy?" inquired the big man. "YES, yes, bbb-but my mommy said that I should never talk to strangers!" Kimmy stammered. "Oh, yes of course. Your mommy is right. My name is Mister 'Roberts'." said the big man. Kimmy offered her hand and said "My name is Kimmy Mitchell." They shook hands and the big man said "Now that we aren't strangers anymore would you like to burp 'Baby Blue' now?" "Oh yes Mr. Roberts!" said Kimmy shrilly. The small girl slowly climbed on the big mans lap all the while staring at Baby Blue. It seemed that Baby Blue was getting bigger while Kimmy was in the process of positioning herself on Mister Roberts lap. Mr. Roberts said "What you want to do is put the baby over your shoulder and gently rub him on his back. But first you will have to be in the correct position. So, lets put your right leg here... on top of mine and your left leg... over here.. yes. perfect." The big man had very large yet very soft hands. They felt good to Kimmy as they gently moved and positioned her dainty silky soft legs. The big man smelled good too. Kimmy was enthralled. She was going to do a very adult thing. She was going to burp a baby for the very first time in her young life. From what Kimmy could see Baby Blue's torso was a bit smaller than her own but not by much. "Kimmy, do you watch TV?" Mister Roberts asked. "Yes I do. I love to watch TV! My favorite TV show is 'Kimpire' and her name is 'Kim' just like mine and..." she said excitedly. "Thats wonderful Kim, but have you ever watched any science or medical channels?" Mister Roberts interjected. "Uh no I dont think so... " Kim said. "Well, the reason I am asking is that sometimes they show baby's that have... you know medical problems..." Mister Robertson stammered. "Like 'preemies'!" Kimmy exclaimed. "Well... not quite..." Mister Roberts said haltingly. "Oh I know. Like one time I saw this little boy who didn't have any arms or anything... and..." said Kimmy when she was again interrupted by Mister Roberts "Exactly!" Mister Roberts exclaimed. "You see Kimmy, Baby Blue is sort of like one of those babys but hes a good baby, Kimmy, knowing this do you still want to burp him?" asked Mister Roberts. Mister Roberts hands were still resting on Kimmy's thighs and they felt so warm and big. Kimmy liked Mister Roberts and stared at Baby Blue even though she couldn't see his face. She realized that the sweater sleeves were empty... "He is a quiet baby Mister Roberts" said Kimmy softly. "Can I hold him a little?" inquired Kimmy. "Of course you can Kimmy. You will have to take his sweater off in order to rub his back. Do you want to do that, Kimmy?" probed Mister Roberts. Kimmy nodded her head in compliance. She began to unbutton the lower button of the sweater and then another. She saw huge veins on the baby's stomach. They were as big as her fingers. She also noticed that the baby's stomach was convex - just the reverse of 'normal' baby's stomachs. She wondered to herself if maybe that was a medical problem that Baby Blue had. Soon she had the sweater off and handed it to Mister Roberts who was now smiling at her. Kimmy felt really grown up! She was like a mommy sort of. Baby Blue seemed to be very stiff and hard. And she said so. "Baby Blue seems to be very stiff and hard Mister Roberts!" Kimmy exclaimed. "Yes,  Kimmy, hes that way because he really needs to be burped." Baby Blue had really soft skin Kimmy thought. She gently wrapped her left arm around the baby's torso and with her right arm she began to rub the baby's back. She noticed that the baby's spine was... missing. In its place was a spongy longitudinal hump running from the infants diapers to the baby's neck. Kimmy surmised that the hump was yet another medical problem that Baby Blue had. Meanwhile Kimmy became aware of Mister Robert's big soft hands slowly moving across her thighs and how nice they felt. "You are doing a wonderful wonderful job of burping Baby Blue, Kimmy" Mister Roberts said glowingly. This made Kimmy feel competent and professional. Kimmy was proud! She embraced Baby Blue, wrapping her dainty arms around him. She pulled Baby Blue against her shoulder and looked up at the blue bonnet and wondered just what Baby Blue looked like. Meanwhile Mister Roberts was caressing the inside portion of Kimmy's thighs most gently. Unbeknownst to Kimmy, Mister Roberts reached into Baby Blue's bonnet and then back down to Kimmy's thighs. Mister Roberts huge fingers suddenly felt extra soft and silky as they resumed caressing Kimmy's thighs. Mister Roberts asked "Is he burping yet Kimmy?" Kimmy was so enjoying the enormous soft fingers that she responded slowly with 'Yes... uh huh... " and then she quickly corrected herself. "No." she said curtly. Curiosity finally got the best of her and she blurted out "Mister Roberts! Can I take Baby Blue's bonnet off so I can see his face?" Kimmy blurted. "Of course you can Kimmy!" the big man responded.  Kimmy had to get up on her knees in order to untie the bow. She untied the bow and removed the bonnet. To her surprise Baby Blue was totally bald. Not only that but his head was oddly shaped. In fact Kimmy could clearly see that the eyes were 'painted on' along with the nose. The mouth was vertical instead of horizontal. But she was successful! There was a milky substance leaking out of Baby Blue's mouth. "Look Kimmy you are doing really well hes beginning to burp up". Mister Roberts remarked. "You painted a face on him didn't you Mister Roberts!" Kimmy said. "Yes I did Kimmy. I thought that if I did, it would make people feel better about him. You know looking odd and such." Mister Roberts explained. "I understand. Its ok Mister Roberts" Kimmy said. Mister Roberts looked down at Kimmy and smiled. His eyes followed her supple neck down to her petite back. There he noticed that Kimmy's short dress had crept up and had doubled over revealing Kimmy's sheer white cotton panties. The panties clung tightly to the most perfect most curvaceous ass he had ever seen. It was muscular due to so many hopscotch games. Kimmy said "Do you have a hanky to clean Baby Blue's mouth?" Kimmy questioned. "Uh.. yes I do Kimmy" Reaching into his shirt pocket he pulled out a nice clean hanky which Kimmy took from him and gently dappled the 'burp up' from Baby Blue's mouth. She handed the soiled hanky back to Mister Roberts. "Now! Isn't that better Baby Blue?" she asked the baby. She then sat back down on Mister Roberts lap while her petite little dress hiked up even further revealing the tiniest waist that Mister Roberts had ever seen! Staring at the tiny waist and looking downward Mister Roberts could see Kimmy's muscular ass "jutting" up and out. It was obscene! Mister Roberts wanted to "tongue fuck" her anus and suck the shit right out of her ass! "When do you think that we should change Baby Blues diapers Mister Roberts?" Kimmy asked. "Thats a very good question Kimmy! Lets change them right now! Take the little Velcro tabs off of each side of the diapers." Mister Roberts directed. "Like this?" Kimmy questioned. She pulled the Velcro first from the left side and then the right. "Yes, very good Kimmy! Now slowly drop the diaper ends." instructed Mister Roberts. The diapers fell to the ground revealing what seemed to Kimmy the legs or what could barely pass as the legs of Baby Blue. The legs seemed to be "joined" at the knees. They dropped off the bench and sort of dangled. Kimmy was fascinated with the bulbous appendages. They were as long as her own but much bigger around! She was strangely drawn to them and she didn't know why. She wanted to touch and hold the smooth musk melons. "Can I hold them please Mister Roberts?" Kimmy begged. "Why yes, I suppose so... You'll have to get off my lap. Is that what you want to do?" Mister Roberts pined. "Yes yes. I'll burp him right after. I promise Mister Roberts" Kimmy said excitedly. She then slid off the Big man's lap. Again Mister Roberts was treated to a full view of what can only be described as a freak of nature. Kimmy's waist was simply to small for even a young petite girl. Kimmy walked around the big man's legs and toward the massive hanging orbs. She rested her hands on the giant thighs of Mister Roberts and gazed transfixed at the perfectly smooth twin watermelon shaped objects. Baby Blues seemed to "twitch" the closer she got. Kimmy wrapped her petite arms around the heavy pair and brought them gently upwards toward her neck and torso. She then shocked Mister Roberts! She began
 to lick and kiss the monstrous orbs. She smothered her own face into the appendage licking and sucking the whole time. Mister Roberts threw his head back and said "GAWWWWD FFFFUUUCCCKKK!" At which point Kimmy looked up at Mister Roberts and said "Are you ok Mister Roberts?" "Yes, I am fine Kimmy" Mister Roberts moaned. Kimmy inhaled and licked the heavy bundle again. This time the essence of the act which she committed caused her eyes to roll back in her head. She swooned. She then slowly let the gigantic sack dangle to its natural resting point and ambled back to Mister Roberts lap. She was clearly intoxicated. Mister Roberts helped the small child climb back up. He let her get comfortable and began to caress the child's thighs once again. Mister Roberts' huge manly hands felt soft and warm on Kimmy's thighs.  "Are you ready to burp Baby Blue, Kimmy?" whispered Mister Roberts  in Kimmy's ear. Kimmy leaned back on Mister Roberts chest clearly enjoying the big soft hands. "When Baby Blue gets close to burping I get kinda excited... and sort of emotional. I say things that... are ... naughty. Do you know what I mean Kimmy?" whispered Mister Roberts. "You mean like what you said earlier?" Kimmy asked. "Yes sort of" replied Mister Roberts quietly while still massaging Kimmy's smooth soft inner thighs. "My mommy says 'FUCK' when she gets mad!" Kimmy blurted. Hearing the young girl utter the "f" word caused a wave of pure lust to course through the big man's body. "Well Kimmy, knowing that I might say some naughty things wont cause you to quit burping Baby Blue will it?" asked Mister Roberts. "Of course not.. Mister Roberts!" Kimmy mused. "Can  you hug Baby Blue kinda snug for me Kimmy?" Mister Roberts requested. "Like this Mister Roberts?" she questioned. Kimmy then embraced Baby Blue's torso. "Yes, now move up and down with your arms.... Yes, yes thats very good Kimmy... Now if you want you can reposition your arms if they get tired. The main  thing to remember is... don't stop until he has a good burp. Ok Kimmy?" Mister Roberts asked. "Like this?" Kimmy responded. Kimmy was raising and lowering herself while at the same time holding a nice firm embrace around Baby Blue. Mister Roberts was moving his huge manly fingers in small delicate circles on the inside parts of Kimmy's thighs. Mister Roberts dabbed his finger in the hanky that had the soiled burp. It was silky to the touch. there was about a teaspoon of the milky substance that Mister Roberts was warming up between his massive fingers. He then very very gently moved his fingers up into the loose panties area nearer and nearer to the small child's private place and applied the milky substance.  Kimmy liked the tingly feeling she was experiencing in her private area. She didn't want to let Mister Roberts and Baby Blue down by failing to burp Baby Blue. She leaned her face against Baby Blue's face. The painted on eyes had disappeared as well as the nose. The only thing that remained was the odd vertical mouth of Baby Blue. The odd somewhat protruding smooth face of Baby Blue seemed enchanting to Kimmy in a strange sort of way. His three hundred and sixty degree chin seemed almost 'perfectly circular'. Kimmy was slowly moving up and down now in rhythm with the wonderful circular movements of Mister Roberts massive yet gentle fingers. She wanted Mister Roberts to move his fingers more in the center part of her private area. Kimmy withdrew one of her arms down from Baby Blue's torso and placed it on top of one of the gigantic fingers. With her petite dainty hand she pulled Mister Roberts' finger more near the center of her private place. Mister Roberts complied ever so gingerly. Mister Roberts found the child's clit which was obscenely erect. The small girl instantly spread her legs to allow Mister Roberts maximum access. Kimmy moaned ever so softly. She embraced Baby Blue again opening her eyes she slowly rested her smooth cheeks against Baby Blue's face. Baby Blue's odd yet symmetrical face was almost as big as her own. "Do you want to kiss Baby Blue" asked Mister Roberts softly. The pressure in Kimmy's private area was building and building. And Kimmy began to rock in motion with Mister Roberts big, huge, massive, enormous fingers. It was a slow wonderful rocking. She looked at Baby Blue's face and noticed that it had grown much bigger and had turned color! It had changed from pink to purple! And Baby Blue's face was as big as her own face now! There was something majestic about Baby Blue. Kimmy pulled Baby Blue closer to her. "Where should I kiss him?" said Kimmy huskily. "Why on the mouth of course, silly" Mister Roberts gasped. "But I don't think I can reach that high." Kimmy replied. "Let me scooch down a bit 'Precious'" he choked. He had called her "Precious". Kimmy felt so special she thought she might burst. Mister Roberts began to vibrate his big finger real fast but real lightly and Kimmy tightened her embrace of Baby Blue and instead of kissing Baby Blue she had an irresistible urge to open her mouth and encompass Baby Blues odd vertical mouth. Kimmy opened her mouth and gently, softly began to suck ever so delicately the mouth of baby blue which was only about an inch wide. "Oh Kimmy don't stop, Please don't stop kissing Baby Blue... Oh my Precious Precious Kimmy." Kimmy's private area felt so so good. And Mister Roberts telling her over and over again how precious she was... just made her feel splendiferous! 
"Kimmy if Baby Blue burps please drink it! It wont hurt you. Please promise me!" Mister Roberts panted. Kimmy was enjoying herself so much that she just nodded her head in reply... Her dress had slid all the way up. She was no longer wearing any panties thanks to  Mister Roberts. She@