Wife and I help an injured old Sri Lankan worker 
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

It was a disaster. The worker who was painting the house fell off the ladder. As he was falling down he tipped a flower vase and as would have it, the glass shards cut him all over. The poor sod was an old Sri Lankan and my wife had given him the work more out of pity than our need. Now we had a bleeding worker on our ground. It didn't help that he hardly spoke any English! The good thing is that he was only wearing a sarong, folded half way above his black wobbly knees. I could see some sharp shards on his legs and thighs and since my hands tremble (when I am nervous and excited), I dared not touch him for the fear of hurting him more. So my wife, sitting next to me, took over the job. I sat down and watched.

"Go bring a soft pillow for him," my wife asked me, not too harshly. By the time I returned with a soft feather-filled pillow, my wife had taken off some of the shards from the calves of the old stinky fellow. She was focusing on his black hairy thighs now. She had no choice but to pull the sarong up a little. Slowly she pulled shard after shard. There were still a few more so I had to tell her, "Darling, pull his sarong a little up and remove the other shards too, I can see from here." She made a face but pulled the sarong up a little, revealing more than three-quarters of the old man's surprisingly well-built thighs. It was not easy because of all the hair on his thighs. I was helping my wife by spotting any shards and then she would gently pluck them out and rub the area a little with her soft white hands.  I moved towards his feet and immediately noticed his fat, limps (half-hard I think) black uncut cock lying lifelessly between his massive black hairy thighs - like an innocent black anaconda coiled in its nest. 

I didn't want to alarm my sweet wife unnecessarily so I asked her to look away and quickly pushed his black cock upwards. I must say it was very heavy and hot to hold. I kind of liked its heat and velvety touch but it would not be nice for a married man like me to get gay thoughts in my head so I stopped. Soon my wife had to uncover more of his old black skin to remove more shards and inevitably, the heavy black horsemeat of a cock fell down again right in view of my wife. She was too busy cleaning him up to notice such things such as heavy fat plump juicy uncut black cocks so she continued working. When it was time to check between him legs (you know, right in the centre just under the hairy black balls), she just unemotionally picked up the old Sri Lankan worker's slightly dirty and smelly cock with one hand and continued her job as if she encountered such impressive gigantic cocks every day.

By now the worker was (probably) feeling horny and his cock had started growing up. And soon it was a huge black rod of steel standing erect at 10 inches. My wife could no longer hold it with one hand so she asked me to hold the workers cock, a task I undertook only for a humanitarian cause. But I was getting a bit nervous in holding that magnificent black uncut cock (which was now slowly dribbling transparent gooey pre-fuck juice). The nervousness and trembling of my hand was really bad and as if I had no control over myself, my hands made the cock twitch and jerk and out of the blue (I was as surprised as she was) the cock moved towards my bent wife and flicked on her pouty lips. She stopped and looked at me, "You can't even do ONE thing properly," she chided me and took the cock away from my hands and tucked it between her calf and her massive white creamy thigh. It was amazing sight for me to see that monster black cock twitching and drooling pre-cum all over my wife's plump thigh. The puckered mouth of the cock-meat was just inches away from my squatting wife's underwear covered pussy which was showing through the opening of her legs under the rather short skirt she was wearing.

"Remove his sarong," my wife asked me. And to not disturb the way she was expertly holding his black slick cock between her calf and thigh, I just pulled the sweat-smelling sarong off from his shoulders and then head. Now the black evil worker was lying there completely naked. My wife swiftly straddled him so that her knees were now touching the floor and his legs were on either side of his massive frame. Because her legs were stretched so wide, I could see that her pussy lips were also starting to pull apart. My wife always wear big knickers and today was no exception. I don't know how it happened but somehow, the old Sri Lankan's massive cock landed in my wife's big underwear. It just entered inside from the side parting like bees swarming towards a honey pot. Then my wife bent down to pluck some more glass shards from his stomach and chest and I couldn't see anything.

"Sweet Jesus," suddenly my wife exclaimed in shock, "Can you not stand and stare...come here quick and pull out his stupid cock out of my cunt. Jesus, you can't do ONE thing properly." She continued plucking the glass shards - which I could not even see any more. Anyway, I turned behind her and put my hand inside her underwear to pull the worker's monster horsecock out of her soaping pussy. But me being clumsy as ever, I ended up pushing it even further inside her deep pussy. She moaned and pulled her rear up a bit for easy access to my hands. I probed further and ended up rubbing my index finger on her engorged clit. This must have triggered her orgasm and she arched back and gave out a low-pitched howl as her orgasm hit the roof of her mouth.  Her pussy was slicked with her and his juices and my hand slipped right on top of the Sri Lankan's big hairy (grey-haired) wrinkled balls and that triggered HIS orgasm and he blasted hot rope after rope of his native sperm in my wife's big fat meaty fertile pussy. Soon after that the poor sod somehow got up and wiped his still hard cock all over my wife's face. I am not sure if she sucked him a little or not but I saw her licked her lips later and a thick white rope of a sperm hanging from her chin (which she scooped up and ate - you could only eat it and not drink it was so thick!).

"Come on, the poor sod got hurt in our house so pay him up before he goes off," my wife reprimanded me. As I opened my wallet, the old sod, who had already slipped inside his dirty smelly beggar's sarong pulled all the notes inside and helped himself. As he was leaving the house, my wife called after him, "So please come back tomorrow and finish all this work...and if you have some other workers like you bring then along too..."

I was looking at her with shock when she called out to me, "Hey you, what are you doing standing there...come over here and eat my pussy. Good for nothing...can't even do ONE thing properly."

The end.

