A little incident occurred today at Wally World that I thought you guys might like to hear about.

I was walking my cart down the aisle when I noticed a little girl, maybe ten or eleven, standing by the magazine rack flipping the pages of a movie magazine that had all sorts of pictures of guys in skimpy attire that had been at some celebrity party and had done impromptu strips for charity money. I peered over her shoulder and looked at the hunks and the bulges in their underwear as apparently the girl was doing since she was panting softly and whispering to herself,  "Ohmigod, he is so sexy, ohmigod, he has a big cock, ohmigod I want him so bad," as I grinned and patted her on the shoulder. 

She jumped like she had been shot and turned red as she stammered,  " Uhhh, uh, I was just looking for a girl I know in here, uh, uh," while she blinked her eyes and slammed the cover to hide the sexy guy's pics. I put both hands on her shoulders and squeezed gently and told her it was okay to look at sexy guys, I did it, too, whenever I got the chance. She grinned then and reopened the magazine to the page she had been on, and held it up so I could see better, as she pointed out each one she thought was hot, and which one had blue eyes, and so on. 

She had a short little terry cloth top and short shorts of the same material that were loose and she kept pulling them up unconsciously in between turning the pages. Each time she slid her fingers under the elastic waist to pull she moved the shorts away from her cute little naked rear end and I was soon panting on my own, but not from the pics in the magazine.

I giggled and said, "Here, honey, let me help you hold your shorts up while you show me more guys." She nodded, and took her little hand off as I took hold of her waistband and tried to keep my knees from shaking, I was getting so turned on. I looked around and all the people were busy doing their shopping oblivious to us standing back in the aisle where the books and stuff were racked along the wall. I slowly edged us around until my back was to the main aisle and her body was shielded so it looked like just me standing there by my cart perusing the reading material.

As the little girl kept up a steady prattle between little pants I slowly pulled her shorts out to look down at her perfect little white buns and I was getting warmer in my thighs and my body was starting to do its aroused state thing. She kept wiggling around getting more turned on herself so I slid my fingers under the waist band and ran them around in front to her tight little tummy and she gasped and turned to look up at me questioningly. I saw no sign of alarm, just curiosity as she panted softly, and then she leaned back against me as she turned back to the magazine once more, accepting me completely in that moment.

As I kept slightly running my fingers back and forth and edging them lower she whispered, "That feels good, do it some more."

My ears were ringing as the blood pounded in them and my thighs were getting hotter and hotter as my juices began to flow. Her little shorts were being held up between our bodies so I was free to trail my fingers lower until I felt puffy little cunt lips and I gasped as she wiggled some more while staring at the magazine.

She whispered without turning, "Those are my privates. Do you like touching them?"

I whispered back as I nuzzled her soft blonde curls, "Oh yess, honey, you have very nice privates, and they are so soft and puffy. I like them a lot."

"You can put your finger in there if you want. I like my mom to do that. It makes me hot and feels really neat."

I almost choked as I replied, "Okay, if you're sure it's all right." She just nodded like it was an every day occurrence which shook me up even more. What a little hottie I had my finger in, and she was wiggling more and more so I knew she might cum if I worked it right. I had on my long hippy dress which came almost to the floor, I am a retro nut, for sure, so the people walking by behind us couldn't even see her at all as I slowly began to slide her shorts down making her gasp again and then pant more as she turned the page to see more hot guys.

"You can push them all the way off if you want," she whispered, "If anybody comes I'll just say they fell off and I tripped over them, okay?"

I was in total shock as I slowly dropped her terry cloth shorts until her cute little rear and white mound were naked as I peered down over her shoulder and fingered her little slit more. "My top, too, okay? I'm pretty flat except for my big nipples so I can sometimes get away without a shirt in public." She whispered as she raised one arm to let me pull her top off one side and then she switched and I gasped when I finally realized I had a naked little girl standing in front of me in Wal Mart where anybody might come looking down the aisle and I would be arrested for sure. 

But I was too far gone, as is often the case when I come close to doing something outrageous, so I dropped her top on her shorts and she spread her legs and started really humping my hand in earnest as she ogled the hunks some more and kept whispering, " I want him to fuck me, I want him to fuck me, I want him to eat me and fuck me," over and over which made me drip down the insides of my thighs as I panted and pushed my clit hard against her back and rubbed back and forth.

She looked up at me and panted softly, "Are you gonna' cum with me?"

"Oh, God. Yes!" I gasped as she jerked and I shuddered as I clung to her little cunt and grabbed her little nipples and hugged her quivering little body to mine. My orgasm was stronger than hers so I was still shaking as she turned finally to me and dropped the magazine and raised my dress up to my waist, making me gasp again as the cool air hit my swollen lips. She watched as my contractions made my tight stomach muscles ripple up and down and the moisture seep from my cunt lips.

When I thought I might pass out she suddenly knelt down and pulled my dress back over her head as she buried her sweet little face between my legs and started licking me up and down. Then she slid her puffy little lips over my swollen cunt and bit softly as she blew air out which vibrated my clit and I gasped.  "Oh, God, I'm gonna' cum again, oh gooood!" and bit my lip hard to stifle my scream as I had another bigger orgasm that was unbelievable.

She came out from under my skirt with a big grin as she ran her little pink tongue around over her wet lips. I reached down and wiped her chin with my fingers and she giggled and then hugged me tight for a minute until I stopped shaking.

She reached down and pulled on her top and then pulled her shorts up and I stared as she pulled the hidden drawstring out of the slit and tied it tight. I realized something wasn't quite right, and then she grinned and cocked her head to one side making her short curls bounce around her cute face.

"So you don't remember me, do you?" she giggled as she looked up at me innocently.

"No, I've never seen you before that I know of. Why? Should I?"

"Well, picture me about four inches shorter with long blond hair and a little shift dress. Does that ring a bell?"

I stared at her trying to remember if I had seen her somewhere and she did look kind of familiar when she cocked her head that way. And then it hit me and I almost choked as I sputtered, "You're her! You are! You're that little girl from the library last year, aren't you?"

The grin told me everything I needed to know. "You set me up, didn't you?"

She broke out in a big giggle as she nodded and then laughed as she said, "I saw you here a couple of times and just had to wait until I was alone without my mom. And I saw these magazines on the stand and you were over here looking at some the last time in, so I just lay in wait and sure enough you went for it all the way. I am older now and would really like to go to bed with you and do it right sometime, okay?"

"Oh, honey," I said as I hugged her to me, "You just call me anytime and we can get together whenever you can get away. We still don't want your mom to know do we?"

"No, she would ground me for a month if she found out. Okay, give me your number." She reached over on the rack and pulled her little purse out from its hiding place as I just shook my head in utter disbelief that I had been suckered by this little girl again. "I'll put it here in my cell phone." 

I rattled off my phone number as her little fingers flew over the keys in a blur. Kids these days, they are so good at that stuff. She walked with me to the door and I leaned down as she gave me a little innocent kiss, to all appearances, but managed to slip her little tongue in and touch mine sending a shock through my already keyed up body. And then she pulled her skateboard out from behind the waste barrel where she had stashed it and flew off down the parking lot, waving and giggling as she went.

I chuckled to myself as I drove out of the lot, "Angie is never gonna' let me live this one down. Here I think I am seducing an innocent little girl, and all the time that little stinker was the one doing the seducing. Jeesh!"


