


TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c March 2005 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

STORY CONTENT: Cuckoldry, MMM+/F, MMM+/M, Mdom, Fdom, TV, 
Male Feminization, Mind Control

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Father & Son Cuckolds Part 4
By C.D.E.



Before you read this story, please heed the story content 
bar above, as well as the general content caution warnings.  
This story is probably not everyone's cup of tea for a 
cuckold theme.

ABSTRACT: When Victor begins dating the vivacious Vy, he 
had no idea of the path that he and his family would end up 
on, after being introduced to, and then persuaded, then 
manipulated, and then totally controlled by his future in-
laws.  Victor also finds out his mother is not the woman he 
thought she was.  His mom is not only tempted by the lewd 
temptation cast her way by Vy's handsome black stepfather, 
but is willing and eager sexual prey for him.  That leads 
to her aiding Victor's new father-in-law to subjugate not 
only her son, Victor, but his dad as well, in a most 
interesting, but degrading manner.  This story is focused 
on the ordeal of father and son under the manipulation, 
psychological domination, and outright subjugation under 
their wives and their in-laws.  And yes, our favorite 
relationship counselor has a key role in the action here.  
Dr. Judy is very much in evidence after being brought in by 
the cunning Mr. Jones, Vy's step-father.


CAST:
Husband - Victor
Victor's wife - Vy
Vy's Father - Mr. Jones
Vy's Mother - Mrs. Jones
Victor's mother and father

 
(((DAD & I AFTER OUR FIRST DAY OF WHORING))))

	Dad and I were somewhat tired after we each had sucked 
our last client of that first day, that is, as suck whores 
for Mr. Jones.

	We were back home in the kitchen sipping drinks as we 
talked.  It was just us two in the house.  Mother was still 
out turning tricks for Mr. Jones and probably wouldn't be 
in until the wee hours of the morning.

	Even though it was obvious neither of us were happy at 
the idea about having to whore for Mr. Jones, we both had 
to admit it had indeed been educational to have been 
exposed to such a variety of hard dicks in one day.

	We both slowly began to talk of our experiences of 
earlier in the evening.

As we sipped our drinks, we were soon eagerly 
exchanging comments about the size, and length of the dicks 
that were shoved in our mouths as well as the taste and 
amounts of the many men's hot slimy gushing jism.  We also 
spent a lot of time discussing the size of the men's balls 
and nut sacs and how it felt to handle, kiss, lap and 
suckle their velvety softness of them for their owners.

Another common thread in our conversation was how well 
endowed all of the 40 black men were who used our mouths as 
cum dumps.

Some of the customers were not rough as they mouth 
fucked us, but vigorous - almost like our mouths were like 
cunt holes, nothing more. The others were very comely and 
encouraged us to move our mouths up and down their large 
poles as we sucked and drew out their hot ropy slimy semen.

We both had similar experiences with our "Tricks".

"You know something, son, the first time one of them 
used me a bit roughly and literally fucked my face, I was a 
bit scared, but  I could tell my throat muscles were 
flexible and accustomed from the couple of fellows that'd 
done me like this way before.  You know, some of the Jones 
Brothers' buddies.  I guess training is good, even 
cocksucking training.

  "Well anyway, when the man ejaculated, I swallowed 
his thick cum easily  and seemed to anticipate his moment 
of spurting easily.  After four more times of being treated 
by other men like that, I was very much at ease in being 
mouth fucked so soundly.  Actually, I-I guess you might say 
I even felt pretty proud of myself for being able to take 
their stuff so easily."

After dad's admission, I eagerly chimed in with a 
parallel of his experience, for the same situations had 
occurred with me. Blushing, I too admitted my pride in 
being able to accommodate the well hung customers and take 
their forcefully discharged heated sperm.

We recounted that of the 40 men between the two of us, 
he had been vigorously mouth fucked by 6, and myself, 4.

As we refilled our glasses, the drinks had us feeling 
mellow and less embarrassed and inhibited about talking of 
our cocksucking experiences that was primarily for 
Mr. Jones' profit.

	"Dad, did any of your men tell you how good it was 
coming in your mouth?"

	"Now that you mention it, yes several did.  How about 
you?"

	"Yes, some did.  However, most just walked away and 
zipped up their pants.  However, I heard a several who 
walked away like that tell other men in line something like 
"that little sissy fag" - they were talking about me - "can 
really suck good"." 

	"Did it make you feel good to hear `em say that?  Tell 
me the truth."

	"I was a bit slow in responding, but I stammered and 
said "I-I g-guess so."

	"That's okay son.  I understand.  The same thing 
happened to me too.  But I could tell from the expression 
on the men's faces that didn't compliment me that they too 
enjoyed getting their hard dick meat sucked on by me.  And 
I'll have to tell you the truth, I did enjoy receiving the 
compliments.  For some reason, I really felt so useful and 
delighted that I was of use to the men.  I heard one say 
that my mouth was as good as some pussy he'd fucked, but 
that he'd never gotten such a good come for such a cheap 
price."

	Dad then went on to further tell me that even though 
he was at first thoroughly embarrassed at becoming a suck 
whore for my father-in-law, he confessed that after just 
one day of whoring, he was delighted at being of service to 
men who needed a low cost way of obtaining sexual relief.

	"Son, I know I'm not a fag and that neither are you, 
for we both like pussy, especially eating it.  But I sense 
you also liked what you've been forced to do also, as well 
as your contribution to lightening the loads in the balls 
of the men we sucked off today.  Don't you?" 

	Again I was slow in responding, but eventually I 
nodded affirmatively with a blushing red face.

	Dad held my hand and reassured me that it was okay to 
admit my feelings.  His words gave me the courage to speak 
more confidently.

	"Dad, like you said, I'm not a fag, b-but as the men 
were using my mouth ejaculating their gooey cum in me, I-I 
didn't mind them calling m-me all sort of dirty names in-
including a "faggot".  S-S-Should I-I be..."

	"No son, you shouldn't be ashamed.  I complained to 
your mother that her agreeing to have us whore for Mr. 
Jones would literally be making Faggots out of us.  She 
quickly replied "Just because you'll be doing what faggots 
do doesn't make you one."  So son, building on your 
mother's words of wisdom, just because you may enjoy 
feeling like a lowly fairy faggot because you're doing what 
they might do, also doesn't make you one."

	"Oh thank you dad, that is so comforting to know.  You 
don't know how much better that makes me feel."

Dad then told me he too felt good at being on his 
knees and doing what a fag does as well as being treated as 
a lowly fairy cocksucker by better endowed men, especially 
black men.

"Your mother also told me that since I had gotten use 
to the taste of another man's cum in her pussy, that I 
wouldn't have any trouble taking it from a dick.  She was 
right about that, and it looks like the same holds true for 
you."

	Feeling more natural about this whole subject area 
now, I quickly and confidently agreed with him.

	I also added that I found the taste of jism from dicks 
creamier and more full bodied than when mixed with pussy 
juice.

	"Yes, I agree with you son.  But I also have to say 
that I find it tasty, even delicious either way.  In fact I 
feel very contented sitting here with a belly full of cum 
from 20 men."

	"I do too dad.  I guess we owe it all to Mr. Jones 
even though we both despised him for coercing and 
subjugating us the way he has."

	"Well son, even though we both may have disagreed with 
the way we've been treated, I think we both understand now 
that what has happened has turned out good for us."

	I had to agree with him after a moment of reflection.  
As he and I continued to talk and reflect, and rationalize 
also, we concluded that guys like us were susceptible to be 
corralled, subjugated and controlled by stronger more able 
bodied men like Mr. Jones, and made to do their bidding.

	We also concluded that it was also why Nature adapted 
up to accept, adapt, and acclimate to even enjoy being of 
submissive service to others too.

	After that first day on the job as my father-in-law's 
sissy "Hoes", dad and I went on to accept our roles and 
indeed did very well adapting and immersing ourselves in 
them.  In just two weeks we each exceeded our 120 dicks a 
week quota Mr. Jones had set for us. At the end of a month 
we each had sucked and swallowed the heavy heated slimy 
loads of over 525 strange men who paid to fuck our faces 
and use our mouths as their personal sperm dumps.

	In addition, we also were proud of the fact that we 
had lapped and licked every man's balls whose dick we 
sucked.

	Pleased, but also chuckling at how much cum we had 
drank for him, Mr. Jones estimated we each had consumed 
about 2 gallons of smelly slimy dick scum for his profit.

	Dad and I were thoroughly embarrassed at his glee and 
his having done so in front of my wife - his daughter - and 
my mother.  Their snickering praise of us also didn't ease 
our humiliation either.

But later as dad and I talked alone, we were both very 
contented and proud of our unusual accomplishment of having 
swallowed so much warm gooey semen.  We knew we'd swallowed 
a lot of creamy cum from all the spurting dicks, but never 
thought of trying to calculate just how much, as Mr. Jones 
had. 

We were really pleased with ourselves as Dr. Judy has 
always taught us to be from bringing relief and pleasure to 
so many hard up men.  

	As we worked on our knees for Mr. Jones, Dad and I 
often were splattered with jism, had saliva drool hanging 
in ropy strands from our lips, and the inside of our mouths 
were constantly coated with the slimy residue of jism.  We 
also reeked of semen and would have a heavy "dick breath".  
Yet, and it was strange to us at first, but the more we 
were like that, the more it thrilled both of us and made us 
feel very satisfied.

	Neither of us knew why, but Dr. Judy told us it was 
okay to be happy to enjoy being messy and nasty after being 
on the receiving end of many dicks.

	In fact, the more time we spent in Dr. Judy's booth - 
which we still continued to do over the years - the more 
content we are to be used, being messy, nasty, and dripping 
with jism.

	In fact, dad and I felt our self esteem rise because 
men, real men, were paying to stick their dicks in us.

	Mother was pleased at us both and openly lavished 
praise on us for being such good dick suckers, as did Vy - 
my wife.

	Our women's happiness at us having pleased Mr. Jones, 
therefore pleased both dad and I.

	Dad and I are cruising along and blowing about 
500 - 550 dick a month each for Mr. Jones's profit. On 
several occasions, we've done as many as 700 each when 
Mr. Jones has demanded that of us.  This is especially true 
when the ships come in.  You see, there is a naval port in 
our town.  When the ships come in, dad and I often become 
"cheap sailor's whores" as we take down those loads that 
have been building up in their balls for 6 months or so.

Dad and I guess that at $25 a dick, together we put 
over  $25,000 a month gross, in his pockets.

While he gives our wives 5% of what we earn for him, 
they only provide dad and I an allowance of about $30 a 
week.  Our wives now manage all the money affairs of our 
respective households.  Neither dad nor I have a real clue 
about the financial management of our households.  Both our 
wives have instead encouraged us to focus our time and 
energies into more meaningful things, like sucking and 
getting fucked for Mr. Jones's profit.

 We both have resigned ourselves to the new roles that 
have been laid out for us, by our wives and Mr. Jones. We 
have found that the more debase he's treated us and made us 
more like gutter suck hoes, the more we've adapted and 
reveled in our lowly lusty roles. We both are surprised at 
how comfortable we have become about all this.

((((MOTHER & DR. JUDY GUIDES US ON)))

	Between mother, my wife Vy, Vy's father and mom, dad 
and I were urged and encouraged to feel to more freely 
explore doing and adjust to the lifestyle of sissy fags, as 
we role played as sissy whores for Mr. Jones.

	The women soon persisted in getting us to dress in 
drag as we serviced "Tricks" and pretty soon we were also 
giving us both head and ass.  

	Mother was especially persuasive in goading dad and I 
into letting men penetrate our assess with their dicks.  
She got Dr. Judy to prescribe special "douches" for us 
which relaxed our ass hole muscles so that we could 
comfortably accommodate hefty size cocks and be fucked as 
women. 

	Mr. Jones was very pleased at mother helping us 
becoming fuckable.



(((( MOTHER AND I TALK )))))

	"Vicki, I'm so pleased that you've settled in and 
become a good whore like we all wanted you too."

	"T-Thank you mother, I-I've guess I-I've come to  
accept it as normal that so many strange men want to put 
their dicks in my mouth and shoot off their hot creamy 
cum."

	"It is normal dear.  And besides they know a good fuck 
face when they see it sweetie.  Beside you have a great 
reputation as an exceptional cocksucker - both you and your 
dad."

	"I-I guess I should thank you mom.  He and I both try 
to do the best we can to please men's dicks with our 
mouths.  Speaking of a fuck face, I-I've really come to 
like the Johns slowly rocking their stiff cocks back and 
forth in my mouth as they slowly fuck my face while I'm 
kneeling.  I-I really feel so useful a-and really like a 
pussy getting fucked when they do that."

	"That's wonderful honey, and you should.  After all, 
you're a good sissy cunt too."

	I went on to tell mom that Dr. Judy had gotten me to 
feel rather proud to suck Mr. Jones dick as well as to be a 
whore for him too.

	"I'm proud of you too sweetie.  I'm just glad that he 
to thought you were good whore material and guided and 
mentored you along the right path to a new found happiness 
of dick sucking, cum drinking and getting ass fucked. 

	
(((AFTER ANOTHER DAY IN THE LIFE OF SISSY WHORES))

	It was two months or so after our first night of being 
cock suck whores when dad and I were returning home late 
one Saturday night.  We were tired, but happily and 
satisfactorily tired. It was dad who first mentioned this 
and I was quick to reply.

	"I feel the same way.  My jaws ache from being not 
only opened so long but also wide for all those big dongs 
we had to get off tonight.  Those sailors were hung and 
horny weren't they?"

	"And had full balls too.  I guess being out to sea for 
six months will do that."

	"Yes, but there was nothing watery about their thick 
rich goo.  It took a little extra effort to get their extra 
slimy down, but I managed."  I gleefully added.

	"You're right about that son.  Their sponk was good 
and rich."  Dad replied with a chuckle.

	"You know dad, when we first started going to Dr. Judy 
at mother's and Vy's insistence, I really thought she was 
way out there and full of quackery.  However, the more we 
attended her sessions, I've had to accept her opinion that 
I-I was just too stubborn a-and misguided to see that what 
we are doing for Mr. Jones a-and the support and 
encouragement of our wives were giving us was good for us 
and them."

	"Yes son, I have to agree with you on that.  Another 
thing about her sessions are those quiet chambers.  They 
are so relaxing and comfortable."

"Yes, it is nice to just lie back and listen to the 
soothing music.  Every time I go in there, I fall asleep 
for at least an hour, but I'm so relaxed and have a much 
better understanding of her concepts and perceptions about 
the correct behavior for us."

	"So do I.  In fact, I often feel so stupid for not 
having seen what she was talking about earlier.  Take for 
instance, her assertion that our role playing and us doing 
things that women and sissies and faggots do really shows a 
type of courage a so called real man would probably never 
exhibit.  Hence, you and are actually demonstrating more 
courage and grit than real men."

	"You're so right dad.  With us taking all the dicks we 
do, and especially the many loads of hot sticky gluey gooey  
jism we swallow, we really demonstrate that we have no fear 
of those bigger real men and their big hard dicks."

	"yes son you're so right.  We may not be as endowed or 
as well built or as masculine, but we make up for it by the 
way we do things real men would be afraid of or just too 
chicken to do."

	"That's right dad.  And another thing, have you 
noticed how much more pride and respect mother and Vy have 
shown us now that we have been implementing all Dr. Judy's 
recommendations and suggestions as well as totally 
immersing ourselves in our roles as sissies and fairy 
fags?"

	"Yes son I have, and I must admit it's good to have 
their increased admiration.  It does both our self esteem 
good to have our women telling us that we do things for 
them that no real man would ever consider doing or lowering 
themselves to do for."

	"It does dad.  In addition, having mother and Vy show 
their men pictures and videos of us sucking off lines of 
tricks and getting fucked while giving blowjobs really does 
get some of their studs.  Mom says when their studs see 
them, they call us all sorts of names for doing such lewd 
acts for the women we love, but they never say anything 
about competing with us as sissy fag whores."

	"Just as Dr. Judy has told us, that's proof enough 
that our women see that their studs won't be competing with 
us to prove their affection to your mother and Vy the way 
we do by doing the things we do for Mr. Jones and in turn 
for them."

	"Yes dad, I have to agree with you.  Vy has told me 
numerous times that she has no intentions of leaving me for 
her studs, even though they fuck her better than I ever 
could dream of doing.  She says that I'm just too good of a 
sucker for her to do that.  She just raves about how well I 
suck her slimy frothy pussy after she's been extensively 
screwed and put away wet, yet she says, I devotedly proceed 
to mouth and thoroughly clean up her gloppy snatch with no 
expectation of getting to put my little thing in 
afterwards."

	"Yes son, Dr. Judy's training relating to "unselfish 
love and sex" really has helped us to improve our 
relationships with our women.  After I too eat your mother 
out after one or more of her black studs loads her up with 
their viscous goo, I too have no expectation of getting any 
and am perfectly content to jack off if she tells me to.  
I'm so thankful that Dr. Judy has helped me see that it's 
so natural for me to eat other men's sperm from my wife's 
sloppy pussy and to pull myself off if I need to get off.  
Or if you're around, for us to do a 69 and get each other 
off."

	"Your warm mouth does feel good on my prick."

	"And yours likewise on mine.  Yes son, as I said 
earlier, we thought that Mr. Jones was evil in the deeds he 
perpetrated on us.  However, it turns out that not only was 
his actions a blessing in disguise because it has allowed 
us to share so much time together as we whore together, but 
also it has allowed us to bond in an intimate special way, 
as we do when do each other."  

	"Yes dad, it's all been very special. But you know 
what dad, one thing I really enjoy is our little talks each 
night after our whoring sessions are over, about dick sizes 
and shapes and the taste of cum from all the dicks we get 
pushed in us."

	"Yes son, that's special for me too. Dr. Judy strongly 
encourages us doing it too.  After our first night of 
whoring, I quickly discovered I loved talking about other 
men's dicks and the taste of their hot creamy sperm." 

	"I was angry when mother had us go to Dr. Judy to get 
us psyched up to suck dicks for money.  But just like you, 
I have to admit now, her relaxation therapy was effective 
in eliminating my anxiety to be a whore for Mr. Jones, and 
just go ahead and accept that I should do it and that it 
was going to happen. And after it happened, like you, I was 
very thrilled and excited at having other men, strangers 
use my mouth as a for hire, fuck hole and jism dump."

	"Yes son, Dr. Judy helped us get our act together and 
to also realize that the women were right all along in 
their advice for you and I to be whores for Mr. Jones."

	"Yes dad, they were.  In addition, Dr. Judy has helped 
me to see that whatever money Mr. Jones makes off us should 
not be our concern, only making sure we do what he says to 
best service the clients and make money for him."

	"Yes son, I've come to the same conclusion.  Sure 
money is important and I realize what little he gives us is 
a mere pittance for what we earn for him.  Anyway, he gives 
our wives our 5%.  But to be honest with you, just like Dr. 
Judy said I would, all that cum from all those big hard 
spurting dicks is a reward in itself."

	"I second that."  I added with a slight chuckle.
	"By the way, son, don't you think this pearl jewelry 
adds a nice accent on us?

	"Yes.  A single strand pearl necklace and a bracelet 
and matching pearl watch really makes us outstanding as 
guys who want to flaunt that we aren't real men and aren't 
afraid to show it."
	
	
(((( DAD & I ON DISCUSSING BEING OBEDIENT & CORPORAL 
PUNISHMENT))))

	"It took me a while, bit I have come around to being 
fond of being obedient to Mr. Jones and doing what he tells 
us to do. Just knowing he's in charge of things is-is a 
kind of cozy feeling.  I don't know why I feel that way, 
but I do.  In my book, dad, he can do no wrong." 

	"Son I share that same feeling.  But as you said, even 
though I'm not certain why I have so much confidence that 
he'll do the right things for us, I too want to obey him 
unconditionally.  Plus both our wives say we should and 
that in itself should be good enough for us.  Don't you 
think?"

	"Yes it is.  By the way, remember Dr. Judy said that 
starting next month, she is prescribing that our wives 
paddle us even more each month from now on.  They can give 
us up to 30 strokes now."

	"I remember, also, your mother got a new perforated 
thick rubber paddle in the mail this morning.  She's 
anxious to try it out on me.  The look in her eyes was pure 
joy.  Yes, she's very anxious to beat me with it."

	"So did Vy and I know she's also eager to beat me with 
it.  I'm a bit scared, but then if Dr. Judy says we have to 
be whipped more, then... SIGH! I know we'll have to accept 
it."

	"Yes son, we will.  Just like when Mr. Jones 
occasionally slaps us around to make sure that we remember 
our places.  We've learned to accept and adapt to that. I'm 
confident we'll do the same with being whipped more 
intensely by our wives.  Besides, son, just like Dr. Judy 
said, this kind of treatment is good for us in making sure 
we have solid loving relationships with our wives. Remember 
what Dr. Judy said, "no pain, no gain".  And son, since our 
wives are totally in agreement with Dr. Judy's 
recommendation - that is, to inflict pain on our rear ends 
and blister them to ensure we're good husbands-  then we 
must therefore accept it.  You do understand that, don't 
you?  We have no choice since we love our wives so."

	"Y-You're right of course, dad, h-how silly of me.  
Like you said, I'm sure I'll get accustomed to being given 
more paddle strokes."

	"That's my boy.  Our wives can't help but love us more 
dearly as we eagerly submit to them so they can blister our 
bottoms and hear us squalling like children from their 
paddling.  This will be good for us because it'll further 
validate we know our places as loving devoted husbands."

	"Vy has basically told me that she knows that beating 
my ass even more at our monthly sessions can only make our 
loving marriage even closer, so I'm sure you're correct 
dad."

	"Yes I believe I am.  Just like I was when your mother 
was pleased when we took she and Vy's advice and let 
Mr. Jones fuck us up our asses like women, and then began 
having us sell our sissy ass-cunts for his profit too."

	"Yes dad you were.  Speaking of getting fucked for 
cash for our pimp - Mr. Jones - tonight was a perfect 
ending for a good day of taking dicks."

	"Yes it was son.  I guess you also liked the rough 
condescending way the group of earthy brawny men talked to 
us?"

	"Oh yes I did.  I just knew it was going to be 
exciting when time they knew who we were they said "C'mon 
in here you two cute little fag bitches and strip down to 
your panties"."

	"Yes, a delicious thrill ran through me as the group 
groped, grabbed and squeezed us as we stripped down to our 
panties, camisole, garter belts and nylons.  It felt good 
to have 8 pairs of rough hands running all over my smooth 
skin and ass."

	"Yes dad it did.  Of course, it felt even better to 
have them stuff our mouths with their dicks after we licked 
and sucked on their big bloated cum filled balls.  Of 
course, when they started fucking us in our mouths and 
assess, and then lining up in front and back of us to pull 
a train on each of us, it was so delicious to be sandwiched 
between those men as they moaned and grunted as they fucked 
us in pursuit of getting their nuts in us."

	"Yes it was ecstatic to be sissy pussies for those big 
handsome "Johns".  Those kind of guys really gives us an 
opportunity to play our sissy roles to the fullest."

	Yes it does dad.  They were all at least 6 feet tall 
and each was very muscular like construction workers.  But 
it was so delightful to have those big brawny men moaning 
and groaning as they humped their dicks in us to get off.  
Having their rigid rods moving in and out of my mouth and 
ass, sort of-of made me feel, uh, so-so, well equal to 
them, even though they were the real men."

	"I know the feeling, son.  It's because we were taking 
all they were dishing out.  They had their poles and we 
were their holes.  And when we got their hot gooey cum in 
us, that really made me feel significant."

	"Yes, you're so right dad.  I felt likewise.  I really 
enjoyed getting group fucked and treated in such a 
condescending nasty manner.  They were very pleased that we 
eagerly licked their asses as gesture of gratitude for 
letting us be their whores for the evening." 

	"Yes they were.  They gave us $250 in tips.  Of 
course, I gave it all to Mr. Jones, as is the usual 
practice."

	"That was a nice tip, but then again we really earned 
it.  After all, this was the first time that we have been 
peed on and had to swallow the piss from a group of Johns."

	"It wasn't that bad, neither was the taste.  That 
Jacuzzi style bathtub they had us lay in was ideal for the 
two of us, as they sprayed all their recycled beer on us."

	Dad went on to add that since the men had given us 
such a generous tip, he suspected that Mr. Jones would be 
advertising to other group clients that he had two sissy 
whores that didn't mind being pissed on.  I had to agree 
with him.

	Dad and I both continued to talk about the yellow 
shower we'd been subjected to.  The group of masterful 
brawny men didn't ask if they could use us as urinal 
targets, they just told us to strip naked and get ready for 
them to piss on us.

Well, one thing dad and I have learned as sissy 
whores, the customer always comes first - pun intended - so 
when we were ordered by the men to do as they wanted, we 
quickly did - even though we didn't know that was on the 
agenda for the evening. 

Anyway, since we've been whoring, dad and I have 
become more submissive in our nature and thoughts. This has 
been promulgated daily on us by everyone close to us - Mr. 
Jones, his wife, mother, Vy, and of course Dr. Judy.

"Submissiveness, subservience, servility, and sucking 
are four things that you two should aspire to be the best 
at and doing for Mr. Jones, your wives and your wives' 
lovers".  These were Dr. Judy's repeated words to dad and I 
whenever we go in for our frequent session with her. 


((((SUNDAY DINNER)))))

	After Mr. Jones built his dream mansion from the 
steady income of his whores, Sunday dinners in the new 
mansion became quite an affair, as the family all gathered 
around the large dinner table.

	The table was huge, It was circular and about 12 feet 
in diameter.  The huge stately chair at one spot around the 
table made it clear where Mr. Jones sat.

	Mr. Jones decided that cooking dinner and the 
associated cleaning up afterwards was not what he wanted 
his women - mom, his wife, and Vy - doing on Sundays.

	Therefore, he ordered dad and I to cook, serve, and 
clean up afterwards.  We usually never sit at the table 
with the rest of the family, as we were dressed in frilly 
maid's uniforms and served the food, and stood by like 
English maid servants. 

	We had four different color maids' outfits - 
traditional black/white, lavender, bright pink, and bright 
yellow.  We wore a different color each week.

Dad and I usually ate our meals in the kitchen, like 
the servants we were, and long after the others in the 
family had eaten.

	As you the reader can surmise, Mr. Jones had not only 
made us his sissy whores, but his maidservants as well.

	However, by this time, dad and I truly knew our 
places.  We had no fight in us to refuse any demands placed 
on us.  We had resigned ourselves to our plight and 
obediently did as we were told.  


EPILOGUE:

((((SEVERAL YEARS LATER))))

	Dad and I had come in from a day of non-stop whoring 
for Mr. Jones, our pimp.  As was usual, we were sitting 
around the kitchen table in Mr. Jones's new 8 bedroom 
mansion, relaxing after a day of dick sucking and being 
fucked a time or two or three or more.

	"You know dad, as I sit here tired and full as a tick 
with all the loads I've swallowed today, I feel so 
satisfied and never felt better about myself. Even though 
we live under his roof and Mr. Jones controls us, I really 
don't mind serving and being managed by him.  Actually, 
it's a rather very contented feeling to know that I can 
depend on him and Vy to decide things for me and all I have 
to do is obey their directions.  I gather you feel the same 
about him and mother now?

	"Yes son, I do, and like you, I am very contented with 
myself.  And even though we aren't allowed to come in the 
front door, just the servant's entrance, it's not bad 
living here under his roof and supervision." Dad replied 
with a broad smile of contentment on his face.

Another good thing has come out of all this.  Now that 
Dad and I have been laid off from our regular jobs, we have 
a reliable trade and good skills to fall back on (actually 
on our knees) to provide for our families.

And speaking of our families, I have a new 2 1/2 year 
old brother and a 2 1/2 year old son.  Both courtesy of 
Mr. Jones knocking up mother and my wife Vy (his daughter).  
Both boys are the spitting image of Mr. Jones.

In addition, Vy and I also have a set of fraternal 
twins that are now 14 months.  An old boyfriend of hers , 
named Theo, sired them.  They also strongly resemble him, 
not her or me.  By the way, he's black.


((((DADDY KNOWS BEST)))

	Somehow or the other, we all came to start calling 
Mr. Jones "Daddy".  Vy of course had called him that all 
along, but now we all - his wife, mother, as well as dad 
and I somehow got caught up in doing so too.

	It's probably also because of the benevolent pimp 
image he tries to portray to each of us, especially when 
collecting "his money" that we earn for him.

	He really gets on our case if we don't make our quotas 
of dicks and tricks.  He really comes across as a pimp at 
these times.  He's not really hit the women hard, but he's 
threaten to paddle their asses, and has slapped them 
playfully hard on their pretty asses.  Dad and I have been 
slapped around once or twice by him also, but it was more 
to show that he was in Daddy was in charge and that he 
wanted to make sure we knew it, and our places.

	Vy, mother and his wife constantly cater to "Daddy's" 
good side and are always bragging how Daddy likes their 
head or pussy better than the others.  It's a rivalry pure 
and simple.  "Daddy" stokes the flames of the petty rivalry 
by saying who was best for him at one time or another when 
he's fucked them in the mouth or cunt or ass.

	The women always brag when they've been recently 
fucked and have "Daddy's" sperm in, or dripping, from them.

	It's nothing for mother to tell the others that when 
Daddy needed head, he would come to her first because she 
could do it better than the rest of us.  Of course that 
would start a series of lewd and raunchy conversations 
among the women.

	However, Daddy also made a point to include dad and I 
in the rivalry by congratulating one or both of us on how 
well we took his cum.  He only had to do that once and 
before dad and I knew it, the women had considered us 
competition and included us in their jovial but sluttish 
discussions.

	"So you hot ass little sissies think you're as good as 
my prime pussy fuck meat huh?"   Was one such comment 
jokingly directed toward dad and I.

	We didn't really have much choice in taking "Daddy's" 
cum, as neither dad or I had much will to resist him when 
he demanded sex from us.  And since we found it hard not to 
adore his macho manliness, I suspect we too were a bit 
subconsciously proud to be his sperm takers also.

	"Daddy" also acted as judge and jury on disputes in 
our little clan of whores.  One such incident involved me 
and Vy and Theo - remember him?  Her black lover and the 
father of  "our" twins.

	Well the situation was this.  Vy and Theo wanted to go 
on a cruise.  She asked "Daddy" for the money.  His 
response:  "Baby girl, I love you, but you're married.  
Your husband should take care of that for you, and 
especially so since you have to carry a real man, and not 
him, to make it romantic."

	Needless to say, his words were a definite put down to 
me.  But to rub salt further into the wound, "Daddy" 
decided that Vy could go, but that I would pay the whole 
tab for she and her lover.  

To make matters even worse, "Daddy" told me: "Vicki, 
I'm gonna loan Vy and Theo the money, but since you're her 
husband, you're responsible for paying it back with 5% 
interest."

I could only gasp in response to his words.

What he said next took my breath away.

"And you have to work on your own time to hustle dicks 
to make the payments.  It doesn't come out of my money you 
make for me.  Understand!"

	The tone of seriousness in his voice sent a slight 
chill through me.  However, I knew there was nothing I 
could do.  He even had me thank him for the "Low" family 
interest rate.

	To make a long sad story short, Vy and Theo went on 
their 5 days deluxe cruise at my total expense.  The $6,000 
bill, including spending money for Theo, meant that it was 
going to take me quite a while to basically work overtime 
hustling dicks and selling my ass to pay it all back.

	I was thankful dad volunteered to help me out some.

	I later discovered that the week of the cruise was 
also Vy's fertile time of the month and she made it known 
that she wasn't packing her birth control pills.

	Oh well, such is life.


((((LIFE GOES ON IN "Daddy" JONES' HOUSE))))

	Vy returned from her cruise delightfully tanned and 
with many pictures and videos of all the fun in the sun she 
and Theo enjoyed.  A month later, it was also learned that 
she also picked up some weight from the cruise also.  

	She's currently impregnated with our "4th" child.

Theo spends a lot of time with Vy in our residence at 
"Daddy" house.  

Theo also demands I suck his impressive dick rather 
frequently. My wife offered my services to him for free. 
Even though I'm a suck whore, I thought he still should 
pay. She didn't.

Her reason: "Honey, after all, he's made you a daddy 
twice over and has also put another one in the oven for 
you, the least you could do is suck his dick for him when 
he needs you to.  And by the way, if I'm not around to take 
his jism and he wants more than a suck out, offer him your 
sissy cunt for me too."

It was obvious that my wife was in no mood to hear any 
dissent from me and I knew better than to present any.  In 
addition, when your wife is the one that gives you your 
prescribed monthly spanking (as directed by Dr. Judy), it's 
difficult to get up the courage to stand up to her.  
Therefore, I meekly agreed to her demands.

Even though pregnant, Vy still loves to whore for her 
father part time, and still finds time to sex 3 other 
steady studs besides Theo. 

I'm afraid that she also wants to have kids by them 
also.  Oh well, she said she wanted to have a large family.

 Despite all that, I'll have to give credit where 
credit is due, Vy has still been a great mother and wife.

Vy's mom and my mother are also still part time 
"Hoes", and really into the lifestyle.  Mr. Jones, while 
rolling in dough, doesn't seem to mind in the least.

As for dad and I, Mr. Jones is still pretty demanding 
as to us sucking our monthly quota of dicks.  He wants to 
make sure that we are responsible and diligent husbands and 
able to provide for both our growing families, that is, out 
of the 5% he pays us.

So all in all, dad and I have come to see that
Dr. Judy was right to cultivate us into not being ashamed 
to be subservient and to show humility as we devoted 
ourselves to our wives and their real men.

She showed us how we were not endowed enough to 
compete with real men who could possibly steal our wives.  
But with her therapies and by becoming pussy whipped sissy 
husbands, we leveled the playing field.

The results, we were able to keep the women we love, 
in our lives, as well as ward off other men from stealing 
them.  Our numerous demonstrations of devotion we show to 
them daily have really paid off for us. 

	Even though dad was at first worried about "Daddy" 
Jones stealing mother's love from him, dad is quite 
satisfied now sharing mother with "Daddy" and also that 
"Daddy" Jones shares his dick with dad.

	By now readers, you know in the beginning, dad felt 
coerced and made perverted by becoming `Daddy's" 
cocksucker, then fairy slut, and then finally his fag 
whore.  But along the way, Dr. Judy guided him into seeing 
that each step was an investment toward marital and 
personal happiness for he and mother.

	Now dad is very pleased that "Daddy" is he and 
mother's man and that they both share being receptacles for 
"Daddy's" dick and vessels for his copious loads of sperm.

	"Son, I'm so pleased that you and your dad gave in and 
let real men make faggots out of you and he, rather than 
both of you continuing to pretend to be something you could 
never be."   Mother said to me one time with a broad 
maternal smile.  

I for sure never thought things would've turn out the 
way they have.  But Dr. Judy was right about one thing, 
many men may fuck our wives, but very few men - well 
actually, none that I know of - have tried to compete with 
dad and I in doing the things we've done to show our love 
to our wives and keep them ours.

***THE END***



	







	
	

	
		

	
	
