Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twelve: Dominating Her Brother's Women
Summary: Kurtis's sister, Lasla, is getting into the fun of dominating and controlling his sex slaves!
Keywords: MF MFF Fsolo FF inc oral anal toy D/s exhib voy monster

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  Rathay Desert

Nephi? I asked as I rode on my camel out across the salt flats before the sphinx's cave.

Yes, Mistress Pyrriah? the sphinx asked. She padded along beside us in her lion-like form. She looked so interesting in it, her body all tawny fur save for her head and chest (and breasts) which were human. She had a mane of dark-red hair and gray-feathered eagle wings. Sphinxes were all born out of Las's seed, like my family. 

You called me Gewin's get, I said. What did you mean by that?

Are you not one of the War God's daughters? the sphinx asked. Did you not know you are a demigoddess?

I am a demigoddess, I said. But I am not Gewin's daughter. I'm Las's. I'm Kurtis's twin sister. This unease clenched about my body. I had strange abilities. I could make fire in extreme circumstances, my hair glowed when I was angry or in the throes of climax, and I knew how to fight with a tulwar even though I had never seen a sword. Right, Mother? I'm your daughter with Las.

She is my daughter, said my dragon-mother. I carried her and Kurtis in my womb for nine months. The only god I had been with was Las. I have never met, let alone lain, with Gewin.

The sphinx looked perplexed. My apologies, Mistress Pyrriah. I grew up in the cave. I have never left it. I must be mistaken. I thought I sensed Gewin in you. There is something... peculiar about you. You are different from your siblings. Las's scent is all over them. They brim with lust.

I brim with lust, I protested. I'm just as kinky as Lasla and Kurtis. I glanced at my brother riding his camel at the lead of the party. Right?

She's a kinky one all right, Kurtis said. He glanced back at me. She's never shy about sucking cock or licking cum out of pussies or anything. If I asked her to strip naked and fuck a dildo in and out of her cunt before the entire city, she would.

My pussy clenched. That sounds hot. Can I do that?

Yes, yes, can we? Lasla asked, quivering. We could make Mother Azuliana lick our cunts, too.

Kurtis laughed. See, they are Las's daughters. Just like you are, Nephi. We're all family here.

I must be Las's daughter because that was such a sexy thing to hear. Nephi fluttered her wings. And you truly bred me, Master Kurtis? I carry our incestuous child in my womb?

Yes, you do.

That made me so wet. I had to be Las's daughter. We all had powers. Lasla could make sex toys, Kurtis could manipulate lusts and desires in others, and I could make fire and fight. There had to be some way that was connected to Las.

There just had to be. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

After we had our camp readied for the night and the sun had set, I knew what I had to do. I had to make sure that Nephi knew how to please my brother. She was part of our party, his newest sex slave. She had to be prepared to love him in any way.

Nephi! I commanded, my voice cracking.

Yes, Mistress Lasla? Nephi asked. She padded over to me in her sphinx form. She had such a leonine grace in it. 

It's good that you come when called, I said. You are Kurtis's. Obedience is paramount.

Of course, she said, her tail swishing back and forth. He tamed me. His will is my will now. She smiled, sharp teeth gleaming between her plump lips.

Good. You also have to know how to please him sexually. You need to learn to give him a proper blowjob.

Proper blowjob, huh? Kurtis said, rising from the fire we had made. Yes, you had to make fires in the desert. How else did you cook your dinner? It also drove back the dark. He unwound his blue robes and slid them off his muscular body. His cock thrust out hard before him.

He was always hard. That was one of the things that made him so sexy.

Know, get your head down there and suck, I commanded, my own pussy hot. I slipped out of my purple robes, letting them fall off my body. My round breasts jiggled. And mind those teeth. You don't want to damage his cock.

Never, said Nephi.

She folded her wings tight about her body. Then she lowered herself down to her belly, her boobs jiggled as she brought her lips right to his cock. She opened her mouth wide. Then she slid her lips over his dick. He groaned as she did.

Then she sucked. So she knew that much. He groaned, his face contorting from the pleasure of her suckling mouth. My pussy clenched, the heat building and building in my cunt. I wanted to touch myself, but I held back.

Now, are you using your tongue? I asked.

Nephi shook her head.

Well, use it. Swirl it around over his dick. You have to increase his pleasure. You have to make him cum. Whether you get any of his cum is just a bonus.

She whimpered and moved her head. Her wings fluttered. Kurtis groaned, a smile spreading on his lips. I could tell my brother was enjoying it. My pussy clenched, so glad that the sphinx was pleasing him.

Her sucking and slurping filled the air. Pyrriah and Mother Azuliana were kissing by the fire, the pair lost to their lesbian incest. They provided the background noise to the hot sight of my brother getting blown by the monster.

Now move your head, I said, pushing on the back of her head. I slid her lips a few inches down his cock. Come on, work that head. I want him firing his cum into your mouth. Do it. Make him cum.

She whimpered and her tail swished. She bobbed her head. He groaned louder. His face twisted in delight. I loved it. The sphinx worked her head up and down his cock, sucking the entire time. Drool ran down her chin.

I swiped it up and held it on my finger before her eyes. See that spittle. That's yours. Every blowjob should be sloppy like this. You're doing good.

She moaned in delight.

Now you can purr, I said. Do it. Purr. The sound will hum around his cock and make him feel real good.

The sphinx's purring rose through the night. Nephi's wings twitched more. This was so exciting. My cunt clenched, my pussy on fire with lust. I trembled, my face contorting with the bliss of this moment. It was incredible.

That's it, I groaned, my pussy dripping juices down my thighs. Yes, yes, just like that. You're doing great.

Yes, you are, panted Kurtis. You are giving an amazing blowjob.

Nephi purred louder. Her eyes closed. She made such obscene sounds as she sucked on him. She nursed with hunger. She worked on that cock. She pleasured him with her passion. That made me so hot. I loved it.

I watched her blowing him. Saw the pleasure on his face. In the background, Pyrriah and Mother Azuliana sixty-nined, devouring the other's pussy. My own cunt was on fire, but I ignored it. I was having too much fun.

That's good, I told Nephi. But now you really have to please him. You have to deep-throat him.

I straddled her body, grabbed her head from behind, and thrust her mouth down his cock. I felt his dick hit the back of her throat. Her wings fluttered, brushing my legs. I kept pushing on her head. She gurgled.

Swallow all of his cock, I moaned. Relax that throat and let him in!

I pushed harder. The wicked sounds she made had more cunt juices flowing down my thighs. Then she slid her mouth down his dick. I shuddered, pushing her head forward, sliding her lips down and down his thighs.

Her lips pressed into his bush.

She had taken every inch of him. This rush surged through me. I groaned, my cunt clenching. Wicked heat rushed through me. My hips wiggled back and forth, my twat on fire. This was so hot to do. To teach her this.

Gods damn, that's good, Kurtis moaned. You are a good teacher, Lasla.

I beamed at my brother.

I drew back Nephi's head. She sucked and slurped the entire way. Such a sloppy sounding blowjob. I pulled back until his cock popped out of her throat. Then I pushed on her again. She moaned and then swallowed his cock faster this time.

That's it, I cooed, fucking her mouth up and down his cock. That's how you deep-throat him.

I released her head and she kept doing it on her own. I moved to the side now, watching. Kurtis groaned, his face contorted in bliss. I smiled at the sight. The sphinx deep-throated his cock again and again. She swallowed his shaft with hunger.

With a growl, he grabbed Nephi's head and held her in place. He fucked his cock in and out of her compliant mouth. She purred, wings flexing. Her powerful body could stop this. She was strong than my brother and me.

But she didn't. She submitted to him.

That's right, I cooed. He's mouth-fucking you. Mmm, it's something you have to be ready for. And you're doing amazing at it. Look at you go. Just swallowing his cock as he fucks you. Mmm, yes, yes, just like that, slut.

Nephi purred her delight while Kurtis growled. His orgasm built and built. He panted, his chest rising and falling as he thrust forward. He fucked hard into her mouth. He drove his cock down her gullet.

He fucked her hard, his balls cracking into her chin. And she accepted his passion. Her purring moans around his dick were so intoxicating to witness. I swooned, so happy that I could help Kurtis enjoy his sphinx better.

It was fun being like the mistress of his slaves. Controlling them and the women in his lives. I shuddered, my cunt clenching. I would be the best mistress and sculpt them to please him in so many wonderful and kinky ways.

I almost orgasmed just thinking about it.

Las's big dick! Kurtis growled and buried to the hilt in her gullet. Yes!

He pumped his cum straight into Nephi's belly, denying her the pleasure of tasting his cum. But that was his prerogative. He pumped jizz down her gullet. He grunted with each blast. I shuddered, my pussy on fire from the wicked sight.

Then he finished. He pulled his cock out of her mouth. More drool spilled down her chin. She panted, her big breasts rising and falling as she stared up at him. She licked her lips, her wings rustling.

Now thank him, I said. Thank him for dumping his cum into your belly.

Thank you, Master, she moaned. I'm so happy that my mouth and throat could make you happy. Thank you for cumming down my gullet and into my belly!

You're welcome, he said and grinned at me. I made my brother happy. 

I almost came again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Lasla lay on her back now as Nephi shifted to her human form. The fur melted away. Her lion-like limbs became sleek thighs and sultry arms. In moments, a beautiful woman knelt before me. She still had her cat ears twitching as they thrust up through her hair.

Eat her cunt now, I ordered Nephi. Devour my sister's pussy.

Yes, yes, get that tongue in me and make me cum, Lasla ordered. As you do, part your butt-cheeks. You have to take my brother's dick in all of your holes.

Yes, Mistress Lasla. As Nephi lowered her face to my sister's cunt, she reached behind and parted her butt-cheeks. Her asshole winked at me above her furred muff. Please, please use my asshole, Mater.

My dick throbbed at the sight and her words. I grinned and fell to my knees. I will gladly use your asshole, Nephi.

Her purrs rumbled from her throat. She buried her face into my sister's twat and licked her. Lasla shuddered, her face contorting with the delight. I grinned, so glad that she was getting the pleasure she deserved.

My dick throbbed as I sank to my knees. My cock bobbed out before me. It swayed, my balls hard and aching. They were full of cum that I would unleash. Just fire spurt after spurt of cum that would baste her asshole.

I was so ready for that. I pressed my cock into her butt-cheeks and slid down to her asshole. She moaned her, cat ears twitching. I loved the sight as I pushed my dick right against that anal ring. Her tight hole resisted.

Relax your asshole, groaned Lasla. Just let him slide into you.

Yes, Mistress, she moaned.

The resistance from her asshole lessened. Then she groaned as her anal ring parted. I smiled as her hot flesh slid over my dick's crown. Nephi's wonderful bowels held such promise. I was so eager to slide into her.

I popped into her bowels. I groaned as her hot flesh slid over me. She felt incredible. I enjoyed that delight as I slid my cock deeper and deeper into her bowels. I gripped her hips, her asshole stretching to take my dick.

Master! she moaned. Oh, Master, thank you for using me.

Yes, yes, use her, Lasla moaned. Ooh, Nephi, lick all over my pussy with that naughty tongue of yours.

Yes, Mistress.

Nephi's head moved as she lapped at Lasla's cunt. My sister shuddered. She whimpered, her face bursting with pleasure. I groaned, too, my cock bottoming out in Nephi's asshole. Her velvety sheath gripped every inch of my dick.

It was an incredible delight. I savored it. I smiled at the feel of that wonderful asshole squeezing about my cock. I shuddered and drew back. My cock throbbed in her depths. She massaged me, purring as she devoured my sister's cunt.

I plunged back into Nephi. My balls smacked into her taint. She groaned, tightening her bowels on my dick as I pulled back. That was perfect. Just a delight to enjoy. I groaned, loving every heartbeat of fucking her asshole. I pounded the sphinx.

I thrust my dick hard into Nephi's asshole. I reveled in the feel of her velvety bowels around my cock. She made me feel amazing. I groaned, loving every second of thrusting into her bowels. That hot, tight, delicious asshole clenched about my cock. It was stunning to feel.

Amazing.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned, thrusting to the hilt in her. I plunged my cock hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her with passion. I thrust with all the strength that I had. It was incredible to feel her around me. Nephi!

Master! Master! she purred. I'm so glad I'm making you feel good.

So good, I growled, gripping my sphinx's hips. I owned her. What a heady thrill to experience. This wonderful rush of bliss. I thrust with power into her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her. God, it was incredible. Fuck, yes!

I plunged away in her. I fucked her with hard strokes. Powerful strokes. She purred into Lasla's cunt. My sister shuddered, her boobs jiggling. Her black hair fanned out over the blanket she lay on. She arched her back, the silvery moonlight kissing her tits.

That's nice, Nephi, but you can do better! she groaned, grabbing the sphinx's mane of dark-red hair.

Better? gasped Nephi in dismay, her asshole clenching about my cock.

Mmm, don't just lap at my entire pussy. Vary your tongue's strokes. Focus on parts of me. Nibble on my labia. My clit. Suck on the bud. Thrust your tongue into my depths. And don't be afraid to use your fingers. To plunge one or two or even three into me. You can fuck them out of me while sucking on my clit.

I can do that, Mistress Lasla!

I loved how eager she was to please. She was such a delightful creature. I thrust harder into her asshole, my balls smacking into her taint. The pleasure rushed through me. It was fantastic to enjoy. I buried into her. I fucked her with passion. I drove my dick into her hard and fast. I slammed my cock to the hilt in her wonderful bowels. She squeezed when I pulled back, increasing my pleasure.

She shifted her hand. Lasla gasped as Nephi pumped her arm to thrust her digits in and out of my sister's cunt. I smiled, so glad she was teaching Nephi to be a better lover. The sphinx moved her head as she feasted on my sister's cunt.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, savoring burying into her bowels. Please her, Nephi. Make my sister cum!

She's definitely doing that! moaned Lasla.

I'm so happy! purred Nephi. Master, I will. I'll make your sister cum. And you, too. My asshole will make your dick spurt all that hot cum into me.

I know! I groaned, thrusting hard and fast into her. I buried into her anal depths with such force. Her asshole felt incredible about my cock. I loved the feel. I savored the bliss. This was amazing to experience. I groaned, thrusting faster and harder. I buried to the hilt in her. I pumped away at her bowels with everything I had.

The pleasure melted through me. It was fantastic. I loved every second of it. I savored the bliss of fucking her asshole. I groaned, my dick plowing deep and hard into her bowels. I fucked her with strength. With vigor.

I slammed into her depths. I buried to the hilt in her over and over again. My dick buried deep into her. Hard. It was fantastic to feel. Amazing. My cock throbbed in her asshole. I savored the feel of her while watching my sister writhe on the ground.

Yes, yes, yes! Nephi moaned. Las's big dick, Master, that's good. That's amazing. I love being fucked in the ass by you.

And how do you feel about fingering my cunt? asked Lasla.

I love fingering your cunt and licking your cunt and lapping at your cunt! moaned Nephi. I love all of this. I have masturbated so many times dreaming of doing naughty things. Now I get to. I love you, Master, for naming me!

You're welcome, I groaned as I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked her with passion, letting her feel just how much she meant to me. you can cum. I want to feel that ass spasming around my dick.

After you make me cum! Lasla groaned. Then you can cum on my brother's cock and satisfy him with your dick.

I grinned at my sister. You are a wicked one.

She winked at me.

I thrust over and over into Nephi's asshole. It was an incredible hole to enjoy. I loved the feel of her bowels squeezing about my dick, that velvety grip massaging me. My balls tighten. She would make me explode. I would pump all my cum into her asshole.

My sister moaned louder, gripping Nephi's hair. The sphinx still thrust her fingers in and out of my sister's cunt. Still pleasured her. This was such a treat to enjoy. I loved every second of thrusting into her. Fucking her hard.

My dick melted in her asshole. I loved every second of it. I buried into her depths again and again. Lasla moaned. Her face twisted. She arched her back, her silver-painted tits jiggling, moon shadows dancing over her flesh.

Las's big dick, yes! squealed my sister. Drink my cream! Oh, drink it!

Yes, Mistress! Nephi purred.

She drank my sister's cunt cream. I drove into my sphinx's asshole. She purred louder. Then her bowels spasmed around me. I groaned at that massaging grip. I drew back my cock and savored her sheath rippling around me. She felt incredible. my balls tightened. 

Gods, yes!

I spurted my cum into her bowels. I fired blast after blast of my jizz into her convulsing asshole. The sphinx milked me with her rippling flesh. The pleasure slammed into my mind. My grunts joined her purrs and my sister's gasps.

Yes, yes, Nephi! Lasla moaned. Gods damn, that's how you eat pussy! Mmm, yes, yes!

That ass! I groaned. Nephi, that is a delicious ass you have.

Thank you, Master, for cumming in it! she gasped, her passion echoing through the air. I am so happy to pleasure you. It is my dream to give you such bliss.

I shuddered through my pleasure. I hit the peak of my ecstasy. I quivered there, loving every minute of it. I groaned, savoring the delight of this moment. It was incredible. I shuddered, my mind melting beneath the bliss.

Then I fired the last of my cum into her bowels. I panted, savoring that wonderful bliss. My mind felt dizzy from the euphoria that burned through me. It was incredible to feel it flowing through me. I smiled, so glad to experience it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  Shilter Strait

The trip back from the desert was uneventful. The Treasure Box was waiting for us. The morning after we returned to Goldport, we sailed out to sea and began rounding the southern coast of the Rathay desert. On the second day, we entered the Shilter Strait and soon were passing by the territory of the Queendom of Naith. 

We would be in Ankush on the next day.

That night, we anchored in the middle of the strait. I wanted to have more fun being in charge.

Okay, ladies! I said. Line up! All the women on the crew of the treasure box.

The halflings gave me curious looks. Overia giggled while her mother rolled her eyes. My cheeks burned. They had to understand that they were here to serve my brother, so they had to obey me. I conjured a whip.

Now! 

CRACK!

I snapped it over Overia's head. If you want to enjoy my brother's cock, then you will line up right now.

Is that true? asked Alli. She was the youngest female on board the ship. Do we have to do what she says to fuck you, Kurtis?

Yep, he said.

There was a silence and then they all darted forward.

CRACK!

That's right! I said.

CRACK!

Line up! Come one. I want to see you lined up! I glared at them. You want to enjoy my brother, you need to understand that I'm the mistress of all his sex slaves.

Is that what we are? asked Telesi. 

Yep, I said. And you're lucky he's kind enough to share you with the three men on the ship. But don't forget, my brother rules this vessel now.

They all shifted. The three men watched as their wife and daughter (in Tarthan's case), and mothers and sisters (in Foran's and Tormin's cases) lined up. Overia was standing beside her mother, Bethie. The two humans towered over the halfling. Then came Telesi with her daughter Kelesi, then Nelli with her two daughters Delli and Alli, and the last two were mother Malial and daughter Shalial. 

Get naked, sluts, I ordered, pacing the deck. It had a gentle roll to it tonight, the sea calm. With the sun setting, the air was cooling off. Hurry!

Pantaloons and vests were doffed, revealing all their naked bodies, the human women with their dark-brown skin and the halflings with their metallic bronze. They all had breasts of different sizes, large and small. Some had pubic hair others shaved their twats. They were all gorgeous.

Now, we are going to have a masturbation contest. The one who cums first gets to join Kurtis in bed. I get second place. Pyrriah third place, our dragon mother fourth place, and Nephi fifth place. Those who go last, you will pleasure the three men all night long in any way you want. Now, Bethie, you might be tempted to lose so your husband and son

Oh, no, I want to win! she moaned, staring at Kurtis's cock. The married woman shuddered. I want my Master to fuck me hard tonight.

I smiled. Then on the count of three. 

The women all got onto their backs or knelt with hands over their pussies. 

THREE! 

They all were poised to thrust fingers into cunts.

TWO!

They quivered, whimpering, nipples hard. The scent of hot pussies brushed my nose. 

ONE!

They thrust their digits into their cunts and began masturbating hard. My brother smiled, nodding his approval. Pyrriah cuddled up to him, her hand stroking his cock while he groped her ass. His eyes drank in all those naughty halflings and the two human women fingering their twats.

They moaned and gasped. Backs arched. Tits heaved. Digits buried into furred muffs and shaved quims. The scent of hot cunt grew and grew. My own pussy clenched, juices leaking out of me. A hot shiver ran through me.

This was incredible to watch. Just absolutely amazing. That's it, I cooed. Come on, Delli, finger that cunt. You want to fuck my brother, don't you?

Vedr's queefs, I do! the halfling moaned. Oh, I love his big dick reaming into me. I want to fuck my Master's cock!

Then work those fingers faster! I hissed.

CRACK!

You're pleasuring yourself for that cock!

Pyrriah waggled Kurtis's cock and giggled. She whispered something to our brother. He smiled at her and kissed her while all the women, halfling and human, stared at his cock with wanton hunger. They wanted him. Frigged themselves for him.

My pussy soaked my bush. My cunt clenched as I walked around, reveling in the power that I had over these women. It was so sexy dominating them to please my brother. My boobs jiggled and my hips swayed as I circled them.

What is that? I demanded of Alli. That limp-wristed masturbation. Finger that cunt. And you only have one digit in there. Get as many as you can stuff into that whore-cunt!

Y-yes, Lasla! she gasped, thrusting two more fingers into her pussy and rubbing hard. Vedr's queef, yes.

Address me as Mistress Lasla. I glanced at the masturbating women, Bethie squeezing one of her large tits. That applies to all of you.

Yes, Mistress Lasla, groaned out from the women. Some were throaty. Some were moans. They all sounded so sexy.

I glanced at Kurtis. He grinned at me, nodding his head. He approved; that made my pussy clench and clit throb. 

Mother Azuliana and Nephi were watching, the sphinx in her human form. Kurtis had her change before we got to the city. He put a turban and a spare robe over her, though she had ditched both now that we were on the ship.

I paused at Kelesi fingering her pussy and asshole. I nodded in approval as she had four fingers into her pussy and two in her asshole. She groaned, squirming on her back as she whimpered and shuddered, climbing towards her orgasm.

Telesi, next to her, was nursing on her own nipple. The halfling quivered, her fingers reaming out her cunt and the heel of her hand grinding on her clit. I nodded my approval, loving the sight of her nursing herself.

Mmm, and look at Nelli, I said, the motherly first mate on her hands and knees. She had her left hand shoved between her thighs, fingering her pussy hard. Her silver hair fell around her face while she shuddered. Juices spilled down her thighs and dripped on the decking. Someone is masturbating to win.

I am, Mistress Lasla, she panted.

You want this cock! Pyrriah cheered. She waved it around, her eyes smoky with desire. Come on, work for it!

They were all moaning and gasping. I looked around, wondering who would cum second. Which one would I get to enjoy? They were all shuddering. Moaning. I could see they were all approaching their orgasms.

Vedr's queef, Kelesi moaned. The captain's daughter shuddered. Her red hair waved as she reamed out her cunt and pinched her nipple. I'm almost there. I'm so close.

My pussy clenched. I stared at her, licking my lips. Was she the winner? Her face twisted. Her bare toes curled. She planted her feet on the decking and humped her hips up into the air like she was meeting Kurtis's strokes.

Just... just...

Vedr's huge queef! squealed Malial. The navigator bucked and shuddered. I'm cumming! Juices gushed out of her shaved pussy. She ripped her fingers away and showered the decking with her pussy cream. I get him. I get Kurtis!

No! Kelesi moaned and then she shuddered through her orgasm. I smiled down at the girl I would get to enjoy. The captain's daughter gasped and moaned, her face twisting with her pleasure.

Who do I get? Pyrriah gasped. 

Gods, yes! Bethie moaned. She bucked to the right, taking third place. The others were masturbating fast and hard as Tarthan's wife slumped down. Pyrriah squealed and darted over to the motherly woman.

We're going to get it on! Pyrriah said and grabbed her free hand. Ooh, yes!

Bethie smiled.

The other women were shuddering. They were all glancing at Mother Azuliana. She had an amazing cock. They wanted her. The next one to cum would get her. She had her chastity belt off. She was free to fuck them.

Malial burst to her feet and rushed to Kurtis. She threw herself at him. He scooped up the halfling in his arms, holding her lithe body. She looked childish for a moment until you saw those large breasts and realized she was a mother and widow.

Mmm, so me and you, huh? Kelesi asked me as the others were masturbating fiercely.

I winked at her.

She winked back.

The masturbating women were all rising to their climaxes. It was hard to tell who it would be. Overia was plunging four fingers into her cunt while Alli was fingering her asshole and pussy with such passion. She worked fast and hard.

Vedr's mighty queef! the captain cried out as she shuddered. I'm getting that hermaphrodite-dick, Azuliana!

Perfect, she purred back. I want you to plant that cunt on my big dick and fuck me.

Oh, and I get Nephi! Shalial moaned. The petite halfling moaned through her orgasm.

The others shuddered. The men stared at the women they would get to enjoy tonight, especially Tarthan staring at his daughter. Tormin had his half-sisters to lust over. This was all so exciting. My pussy clenched as Kurtis glanced at me.

He winked at me then took Malial into the cabins.

I made him happy. I loved it. That was perfect. Just the thing that I wanted. I hummed my delight as I led Kelesi away. She gripped my hand, the captain's daughter beaming up at me. I thought about the perfect toy to conjure. 

Once we were in the small cabin, I conjured it about Kelesi's waist. A band of woven gold held the double-headed dildo in place. One part curved up and into her pussy. She gasped, he body shuddering as her cunt was suddenly full.

Vedr's queef, the captain's daughter moaned. Her round breasts swayed. She squeezed her eyes shut, metallic-red hair swaying about her face. Oh, wow, that's incredible. You just made that appear in my pussy.

Uh-huh, I said and slid onto the bed. I parted my legs and stared at the other half of the toy. A thick shaft, ringed by four ridges to massage my cunt. I liked to experiment in different shapes. Now fuck me with it. Pound my cunt. I need it.

Sure, she said. Mmm, this feels great in my cunt.

It will feel even better while your fucking me, I moaned.

Kelesi smiled. Then she hopped on the bed and fell between my thighs. Her boobs jiggled. She had such a wild look in her eyes as she brought that golden toy to my pussy lips. She pressed it into my bush then found my folds. I groaned as she located my entrance. Thrust.

The dildo spread open my pussy. The first rib entered my twat, the ridge massaging my pussy wall. I groaned and squeezed my cunt down around it. Then the second. The third. The fourth. The toy was all the way in me, massaging me.

Vedr's queef, the young halfling groaned. That's... You... Vedr's queef, that feels amazing.

I winked at her and then groaned as she drew back her hips. The ribs massaged my pussy walls in such new and exciting ways. My cunt drank it in. I squirmed on my back, groaning out my delight as she plunged back into me.

It was incredible. Those ridges worked out better than I had expected. The friction they churned up melted through my body. My boobs jiggled as she fucked me, my body rocking on the bed. She groaned, thrusting away, her round tits jiggling.

Oh, yes, yes, Lasla! she moaned. Ooh, that's amazing. That's just great. I love it. This wicked toy is going to make me cum.

Good, I moaned, my pussy heating up faster and faster.

I rose towards my orgasm. It built and built in me, those massaging ridges bringing me closer and closer to cumming. To exploding in her. I groaned with each thrust. My body trembled, my cunt squeezed so tight about her.

She moaned, her metallic-bronze face twisting in delight. Her red hair flew about her face. She fucked me with such passion. I groaned, savoring the pleasure of her cunt squeezing about me. I loved it. This heat swept over me every time she plowed into me.

I groaned. Whimpered. My body shook. My boobs jiggled. The halfling's small frame shuddered as she fucked me with such vigor. I groaned, loving the feel of the dildo massaging my cunt. The pleasure swelled.

I'm going to cum! I moaned.

Gods, me, too! she moaned, thrusting away.

My pussy melted around the dildo. Those ridges slid in and out of me, stimulating me with every thrust. She groaned, her hands grabbing her boobs. Her head arched back as she buried her dildo into me.

I shuddered, my cunt clenching. I whimpered, rising towards my orgasm as she fucked into me with her hard strokes. Her moans mixed with mine. Both of us were gasping and shuddering. I loved this toy I had conjured.

The halfling drove the golden dildo to the depths of my cunt. The ridges that ringed the shaft massaged my silky flesh. I groaned, my pussy clamping down on her cunt. My face twisted in pleasure as she stimulated me.

Then I came.

Las's big dick! I moaned, bucking into the thrust of Kelesi. The halfling fucked me hard, her round breasts heaving while her red hair danced around my face.

Oh, Gods, yes! she whimpered and slammed into me. This is incredible!

She joined me in cumming. I trembled on the bed, my pussy writhing and spasming. The pleasure rushed through me. My twat convulsed around that naughty toy. I heard groans through the thin wall. Kurtis enjoying Malial. 

I had made my brother happy.

That giddy thought worked through me as I trembled through my climax. I hit that wonderful peak, my mind melting beneath the thrill of dominating other women for my brother. I smiled, my flesh suffused with ecstasy.

His groans of pleasure made me so happy. I missed my children, but this quest was naughty. I supported my brother one-hundred percent. I would prove it by dominating the women that he collected. 

They would please him properly. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Ankush, The Queendom of Naith

Lasla, get to the prow and thrust that ass at me, I growled as we approached Ankush. We had sailed for a few days from Goldport. Now we were arriving. This would be a dangerous place.

Lasla glanced at me and smiled. My sister had been so different since I'd tamed Nephi. She was trying to prove how strong and dominating she was. It was certainly a delicious thing to behold. It made my dick throb as we approached the capital of the Queendom of Naith. 

I wanted to fuck a rakshasa. Maybe even tame one. I knew it would be a challenge. Something that I would have to strive for. But I felt up to it. I could do this. I could march into that den of cunning women and triumph.

My dick was so hard as I moved across the deck. The crew was busy. Mother, Pyrriah, and Nephi watched the approach. The setting sun pained the building of Ankush in bright and fiery reds. The harbor bustled with smaller ships returning after a day's fishing.

Lasla reached the prow and bent over, thrusting that ass out at me. I smiled at the perfect curves of her rump. My sisters were the most beautiful women on the planet. They were Las's daughters, so of course, they were perfect.

My dick throbbed and ached as I stepped up behind her. I aimed my cock at her butt-cheeks. She wiggled them, her ass jiggling back and forth. She made me throb. I pressed my cock into her crack and slid it down and down.

Mmm, right there, brother, she moaned as I found her asshole. Fuck me right there. I want that dick in my asshole.

Such a good sister, I said. You've been working hard and shaping up the crew.

Just making sure the women know their place in serving you, she said, her cheeks blushing. I could feel her embarrassment trembling through her. That's all.

It has been fun, I said, pushing on her asshole.

I'm glad you've enjoyed it! she moaned. 

Her anal ring widened to swallow my cock with ease. She was Las's daughter. She didn't flinch from anal. I groaned as I slid into her bowels. Her hot flesh squeezed about me as I sank deeper and deeper into her flesh. I trembled as I filled her up. She felt incredible, her velvety sheath engulfing me.

She moaned as I sank more and more of my cock into her. She moaned, squeezing about me. Her entire body trembled. She moaned her delight. Her hips undulated, stirring her asshole around my dick. It felt incredible.

The city of Ankush came closer and closer as I bottomed out in my sister's bowels. My hands stroked up and down her body. I caressed her skin, loving the feel of her silky flesh beneath my touch. She was so exciting to caress. To play with.

I found her breast. I squeezed my sister's tits, the sea air rushing past us. She groaned, her bowels squeezing about my dick. I kneaded those round mounds, my fingers sliding over them. I reached her nipples and pinched them.

She gasped.

I smiled as I twerked her nubs. I twisted them. Played with them. I enjoyed every moment of tugging on them. Her bowels clenched down about me. I loved it. I slowly drew back my cock, sliding inch after inch of my dick out of her.

Kurtis! she moaned. Oh, Kurtis, yes!

Mmm, you like that? I asked and rammed back into her?

Uh-huh, she moaned, my crotch smacking into her rump. I'm Las's daughter.

I know. I'm going to need you.

You have me, brother!

I smiled, loving hearing that while I played with her nipples. Pleasure raced down my cock. Her velvety asshole massaged me. I groaned, thrusting into her bowels' depths. I fucked hard into her. I buried with faster strokes.

My balls swung into her. they cracked into her flesh. I groaned, loving every moment of plunging into her asshole. Her wonderful sheath held me. It was incredible to feel her gripping me. I groaned, pumping away at her. I fucked her with passion.

With vigorous strength.

I buried to the hilt in her. I fucked her with such passion. I plunged every inch of my dick into her as she gasped and moaned. She squeezed her bowels around me. I slammed my cock into her depths as the ship turned into the harbor.

The Ziggurat rose in the heart of the city. A monstrous step-pyramid looking soaked in blood. I groaned, thrusting away at her. The pleasure built and built as we came closer and closer to the dangerous city. The thrill swelled in me.

My nuts smacked into my sister's bowels as I stared at the heart of the Queendom of Naith. The den of dangerous rakshasas. I groaned, fucking my cock to the hilt in Lasla's bowels again and again. I buried deep and hard. I held nothing back, letting her feel my passion.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned as we sailed closer. Oh, Kurtis, that's it. That's amazing. Just keep ramming that big dick into my bowels.

Mmm, you going to cum on my dick? I demanded.

Yes! she moaned, squeezing around me. I want to. I want to cum. I want your jizz spurting into me.

Good! I growled, slamming into her hard and fast. I need that passion.

You have it!

Before us, a rowboat bobbed, the man waving at the ship. The Treasure Box turned to follow the pilot craft through the bustling harbor to the docks. I slammed into my sister's bowels as we came closer and closer to the wharf.

My nuts tightened. My jizz came closer and closer to spurting out of my cock and into her cunt. I would flood her with such passion. Just fire all that spunk into her bowels. It would be incredible. I would flood her. fill her with every drop of jizz I had in me.

Do you know why I need your passion? I growled, slamming into her.

Tell me! she gasped, her hips humping back, smacking her butt-cheeks into my crotch.

See the Ziggurat! That's our goal, Lasla!

Gods, you're serious! Her bowels clamped down hard as I buried to the hilt in her incestuous sheath. She gasped and then her asshole convulsed. Yes, yes, you are serious. Las's big dick!

I felt her passion rippling around me. That wonderful delight convulsed around my cock as I hammered away at her bowels. I squeezed her tits, my own cum rising and rising in my balls. I would have such a huge orgasm. Just a mighty blast of cum.

We'll do it! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes. You, me, Pyrriah, Mother Azuliana, and Nephi! We'll dominate those sexy rakshasas!

Her bowels sucked at my cock. Her passion pulled on me. I groaned and slammed to the hilt in her spasming asshole. My balls tightened. Then they erupted. My cum fired out of my cock and into her bowels.

I pumped her full of my spunk. I fired blast after blast of jizz into her. I savored every moment. Every last second of pumping away at her. I basted her with my cum. I coated her with my spunk. It was incredible.

Gods, we're going to do it, Lasla! I groaned, my mind bursting with pleasure as her bowels milked out the last of my cum. I stared at the Ziggurat.

Stars danced around it. I held my sister tight as the docks came closer and closer. I shuddered and knew that we would have to be on our guard. We would have to watch out. We had to find the perfect way in to dominate the dangerous rakshasas.

I squeezed Lasla's tits, panting. 

To be continued...
