There wasn't much you could do to prepare for being woken by a fist to the jaw. Dave woke with a yelp and jerked backwards, trying to figure out who was assaulting him. Foyet! was his first thought, but then he realized someone was whimpering next to him. He shoved backwards, trying to put distance between him and the whimpering assailant. At the same instant, he remembered that he'd gone to bed with Derek. Presumably that was who was still in bed with him.

"No," Derek murmured. "Geddoff." He was still asleep, though it was obviously a restless one.

Dave sat up. "Derek."

"Said no," was the emphatic response. Then Derek let out a sob that sent a horrible chill down Dave's spine. That wasn't the sort of noise Derek Morgan ought to make. "Nooo!" Derek wailed, and Dave couldn't take it any more.

He grabbed Derek's biceps and shook him hard, intentionally violent to try to jolt him from the dream. "Derek, wake up!" he snapped, biting out the command with as much authority as he could.

It partially worked. Derek's eyes came open and he stared at Dave, but there didn't seem to be any recognition in his gaze. He let out a low moan and tried to pull away, but Dave shook him again. After a long moment, during which Dave started wondering if he would have to throw ice water on the man, Derek sucked in a long, shaking breath. He stared at Dave, then shuddered and tried to pull away.

"Shh," Dave said as soon as he realized Derek was aware of himself again. "Shh." He tugged Derek back against him, bearing them both down to the bed. "Shh. It's okay, Derek. I'm here, you're okay. It's okay."

Derek made an unhappy noise, but even though he didn't relax in Dave's arms, he didn't pull away, either. He was shaking, but after a while he turned to press his forehead against Dave's shoulder. It was enough of an invitation for Dave to stroke a hand over Derek's shoulders. He kept up the soothing touches for a long time, until Derek was finally limp in his arms, breathing heavily.

Despite the comfort he brought to Derek, though, a heaviness was on Dave's heart. Suddenly Derek's reaction made sense, from his initial hostility to his early resistance and all the way through his cold reaction yesterday. God, he thought sickly. He could always say no if he didn't want this, that's what I was thinking. But could he say no?

Dave was still wrestling with the guilt when he fell into an uneasy doze. It was only when Derek shifted and snuggled against him that Dave roused long enough to assure himself everything was okay, then relaxed fully against Derek and fell asleep.

***

Derek sipped his coffee and tried to focus on JJ's words instead of the way Dave was watching him. They'd had a very subdued morning at the hotel, taking turns in the shower and sipping coffee at opposite ends of the room. It hadn't necessarily been uncomfortable, but Derek could tell something was on Dave's mind. And he would have to be stupid not to realize it had something to do with the fact that he'd woken screaming from a nightmare about Carl Buford last night.

With an inaudible sigh, Derek dragged his attention back to the present.

"Jenny Kael said she'd received a couple of hang-up calls," JJ said, tapping her pen against the pad of paper before her. "She couldn't tell if anyone was listening on the other end before he or she hung up." She sighed and pushed her hair out of her face. "We've got a couple of people from Charlie team who volunteered to come back into rotation early so they can relieve Prentiss and Reid on the stakeout." At any given time, one of the four BAU teams was supposed to be out of rotation so the members could keep some fairly regular hours and rest up for away cases.

"So Reid and Prentiss will be back soon?"

"I told them to go home and at least grab showers and a change of clothes," Dave said. "Doesn't mean they'll do as they're told."

JJ smirked. "Right."

Derek shook his head. Knowing his colleagues, they would head directly back here.

Ten minutes later, he was proven right when Reid ran into the room, Prentiss right behind him. They both looked excited; Spencer's eyes were practically glowing, and Emily was watching him avidly. "The eyes!" he exclaimed, drawing everyone's attention. "It's been bothering me this whole time. I was trying to make some sort of connection, and I couldn't figure out why Foyet didn't leave the eye symbol anywhere in Hotch's apartment. We know it's him--he's been taunting us--so he didn't omit that as a means of disguising his identity. So why leave them out?"

Derek could tell Reid had it figured out, and that he'd already bounced his theory off Emily, but he played along. "Maybe because this wasn't Fate. It was personal for him."

"Or because he just took Hotch instead of a couple?" JJ ventured, but Reid was shaking his head.

"The eyes were a symbol that he was watching. I thought it was the Eye of Providence." Reid frowned. "Maybe that was part of it. He viewed himself as Fate's hand, acting on what was seen. That doesn't matter. The thing is, I thought the eye had to do with the victims, but it didn't. I did a little digging on Detective Shaunessy in Boston, and he had a security system in his home." He glanced around at everyone. "So did Hotch and Haley. When she moved out, he made sure she had adequate security in her new house." He coughed and glanced down. "He signed a contract with the same company they had used in their old house--and it's that same company that contracts with his apartment management company."

"Foyet hacked into the security cameras?" Emily said.

Reid looked up and nodded. "This is just a theory. I'll have to have Garcia check it out. But I think that's how he's been watching. He was watching the detectives, not the victims. And when he offered the deal to Hotch, he turned his attention there, even when Hotch turned him down."

"That would explain why there are no unfamiliar vehicles in Haley's neighborhood," Derek said. He stood up. "So we need to get Garcia looking for a hack into the security company's system, and then she can trace that back to wherever Foyet is."

"Theoretically, yes," Reid said. Derek clapped him on the shoulder.

"Good," Dave said. "Reid, what's the name of the company? Emily and I will go get their cooperation. Derek, you and Reid stand by and see what Garcia finds. Be ready to move--get SWAT mobilized if you think it's necessary."

Derek met his gaze for a moment, then nodded. Penelope was right; he and Rossi needed to put aside their issues and work together, and this could be the break they'd needed. "Right," he said. "I'll go check with my baby girl, make sure she can do this from here and won't need to go with you." He started out the door, then glanced over his shoulder. "Be careful."

He paused just long enough to catch the surprise on Dave's face, then headed for Garcia's bunker.

Garcia was beside herself when Derek explained what was up. She started tapping at her keyboard immediately, and Derek grinned. "Hey, hold up, baby girl, Rossi's going to get cooperation from the company."

"Oh, honey, I don't need their agreement," Penelope replied, still typing. "It'll help, but time's wasting while Dave and Em head that way. I can hack their system with my eyes closed. Security systems have protocols they follow."

He shook his head. "No wonder you were considered a threat to national security," he teased, and left her to work. He gestured for Dave and Emily to go ahead, then got coffee and told Reid he was going to sit with Penelope.

Reid nodded absently. "I'm going to keep working on this," he said, indicating the papers in front of him, which were filled with scribbled notes. Derek figured he didn't need to know. Reid would tell him if it was important. He just nodded and moseyed back to Garcia's office.

"You know," she said, not turning when he came in, "you can talk to me about things, my glorious obsessional crimes expert." She was typing as she spoke, and Derek shook his head admiringly. She never ceased to amaze him the way she made it look so effortless.

"What are you talkin' about, baby girl?"

"I'm talking about you and David Rossi getting ready to tear each other's throats out in the middle of the round table yesterday," she said, her tone saying that should have been obvious to him.

He tensed. "Yeah, that ain't gonna happen." He didn't want to talk about David Rossi. He didn't want to think about David Rossi. He especially didn't want to remember the feel of David Rossi's lips against his jaw or the sound of David Rossi's voice in his ear.

He snapped his focus back to the conversation at hand and found Penelope studying him narrowly. "Right," she said, and shook her head. "You know, you're an incredibly smart man. I don't know why you have such a hard time with this."

"Penelope," he said, a warning creeping into his voice. "Don't go there."

She snorted and tapped a few keys, then waited, watching her screen. Derek sipped his coffee and tried not to notice the silence between them growing thicker.

It was stupid. She knew him better than anyone. But she ought to understand why he couldn't just throw himself into trusting someone. He'd been burned before, burned hard, and he knew if he let himself trust again and got hurt again, he'd lose it. It was easier just to take his pleasure where he could find it and never worry about the future.

Easier, said a voice in the back of his head. But not better.

"Derek," she said, her voice soft, "he's a good man."

"I know that," Derek snapped. That wasn't the issue. He liked Dave. He respected Dave. The entire problem was that he liked and respected Dave too damn much. No one could live up to being put on a pedestal.

"He doesn't know. About Carl."

"Don't say that man's name to me," Derek gritted out.

"You could tell him." Penelope's expression was tentative, like she knew she was treading on thin ice. That turned out to be what broke it.

"We're done here," Derek snapped. He was on his feet in a second, striding out of the room the next. He heard her call after him, but he ignored it.

He was pacing in circles around the conference room, tossing his baseball from hand to hand, when Penelope rushed in. "Eureka!" she announced, and slapped a piece of paper down on the table between them. Derek came over to peer at it.

"The location where Foyet has been monitoring their cameras. This is a physical location, as opposed to the several locations he routed the signal through."

"So this is where his computer is," Reid clarified.

"Exactomundo, O Genius One," she replied. "Now go forth, my knights. Take your SWAT team and your Kevlar vests and rescue our fearless leader." She posed grandly, then sobered. "And be careful, or I will kill you both myself."