Indian Incest Family Part III.
By Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com
After the three had their incestuous bout they wanted to involve the other family members from Kavita's side. As you read in part I Kavita had a sister Vasundhara. The family of Vasundhara consisted of hr husband Ravi who was a doctor by profession, one daughter Radhika and son Rajendra (Manoher was by mistake given in part I). Vasundhara was very attractive lady with round face, small attractive eyes and nice body figure of 40C - 36 - 42. Her boobs were very attractive and even the old guys ogled them. She had a nice plump ass, which swayed more on the left side and rolled too as she walked. She hardly looked 32 yrs of age. She wore sari and wound it around her plump body tightly, showing her curves and took the pallo in such a way that her boobs peeked through the gap it made with the body.
Radhika was about 18 yrs of age and was studying in college. She was a cute girl with nice features and had inherited the womanly charms from her mother. She had nice body for her age with height of 5' 7" and figure 37-28-37. She walked gracefully with her more than average height and that made her walk seductively. She was a dream girl of the college students and she knew it very well.
Dr Ravi was also handsome and charming with a height of 5'9" he still looked attractive at the age of 40. he was very active in his sex life and both the husband and wife still made love like they used to before. The son Rajendra had taken the build of his father and was also charming boy of 16 yrs.
Coming to our story, the trio had decided to induce all of the other members of family into the game of incest they had started and now after 3 days Kavita decided to seduce Radhika, her niece and both Ravali and Raj decided to induce Rajendra into the game.
So on that lucky day in the afternoon of Sunday, all were at home except Vasundhara and Dr. Ravi. This was best opportunity for them to achieve their goal. Ravali had brought few CD's of porno film and they were all of group sex and one was of Incest in the family. After lunch Kavita called Radhika to her room and told her that she had to talk to her privately. Radhika went to her aunt's room and saw Kavita relaxing on the bed. She was wearing a transparent gown and it almost revealed her naked charms, as she did not have anything under that. Radhika paused and asked her aunt if she could come in. "Ohhh! Radhika! Come on in! I was just taking a nap. There is something very important that I want to talk to you about."
"And what's that? I am really scared about this. I don't know if I have done anything wrong."
" No silly! Its about your body I am worried. You have nice chest but I feel your ass statistics is a bit on lower side. Have you watched your mother's ass? How nice it is. And mine? A lady should have good figure to keep the husbands as their slaves so I thought I should tell you this."
"Aunty what should I do to improve my ass? Tell me some exercises"
"Yes that's why I called you here. Watch me doing it and you do after me."
And Kavita got up from the bed and Radhika kept her eyes fixed on her aunts ass. Oh it was wide and fleshy and rolled as s he walked. Kavita walked in front of Radhika and in the center of the room. She bolted the door saying that she wanted to be comfortable while doing the exercise. She asked Radhika to remove her tight clothes and herself took off the gown removing it from her head and tossed it on the bed. Radhika hesitated but then removed her jeans pant and T-shirt. She was wearing black bra and pink panties under the dress and now she stood before her aunt only in the flimsy underclothes. Kavita watched her assets and admired them and telling her that she wanted to see them in buff so that she can give her some hints. Radhika blushed and slowly removed her black bra, revealing the 37 inch boobs to her aunts gaze. Kavita touched the breasts and felt their hardness. Her hand roamed over the entire globe and felt every inch of it. They were really hard and solid and she could see the veins marking network on the soft skin. She had big aureoles with brown nipple icing it. Kavita felt a tingle rush through her body as she moved her hands over the breasts. Her own boobs swelled with excitement and her nipples started to harden.
Radhika too was excited at the touch of her aunt and her body shuddered with excitement. Kavita appreciated her boobs, "Radhika! You have ice breasts. They are so hard and smooth! You feel my breasts and see the difference. Mine are not hard now, and the nipples too are not like yours, but black. You have really nice set of jugs baby. Ohhh! I feel like suckling on them. Come on Radhika feel my breasts and see it for yourself!"
Radhika touched her aunts breasts, feeling them and pressing them to see if they are hard or soft, "Ohhh Aunty! You are right. Yours are softer and fleshier. But they are really bigger than mine. Ohhh! I feel so nice touching them. Now will you please tell me how my ass is? Here! Let me take out my panties so that you can feel them and see how they are."
Radhika stepped out of her panties and tossed them on the floor. Then turning around , she presented her ass for the inspection of her aunt. Kavita looked at the smaller but cute ass of her niece and admired it. Then she stepped towards Radhika and touched the naked buns. Her ass was really tight and her fingers trailed over it and felt the tightness. Radhika shivered at her aunts touch and shake her ass. Kavita then put her hand in the cleavage and touched the asshole. Radhika jumped at the touch and moaned, " Ohhh aunty! Your hands feel so good on my skin. Ohhh! You are touching my asshole! GOD you make me tremble! Ohhh tell me how they are!"
"Radhika you have plump ass. Its nice and tight, a bit smaller then mine. But mine is much wider. See it and feel it!"
And Kavita placed Radhika's hand on her own ass, moving her ass on the hand in seductive motion. Radhika moved her hand over the huge ass and occasionally kneaded the ass cheeks to feel them. This was to much for Kavita as she was already with dripping pussy at the proximity of the young girl. Kavita grabbed Radhika and placed her mouth on hers and moved her tongue over the pouting lips. Radhika's mouth opened to welcome the searching tongue of her aunt and she herself rubbed her tongue on her aunts and played with it. Kavita had fixed her lips tightly on the girls and she sucked in Radhika's tongue, sucking on it like it was a small cock. Both the women now moved their hands on others body, searching for the curves. Kavita steadied her hand on Radhika's ass and kneaded the ass cheeks, moving down to the cleavage to search for the virgin treasure of her cunt. Kavita moved her hand through the soft bush of the pussy hairs and located the tender slit. Radhika shuddered, gasped and herself took her hands to her aunt's bush. Both were kissing passionately and searching for each other's pussies.
In other room Ravali and Raj were watching the porn CD and were enjoying each other's bodies too. They knew that their mom will seduce Radhika and they had to do something about Rajendra. So Raj called Rajendra to their room and asked Ravali to surprise him with the xxx CD. It was somewhat easy to seduce the boy, as these boys are always horny, Ravali thought. Rajendra came to their room and asked what it was about. Raj winked at him and asked Ravali to go out for few minutes so that he would talk with his cousin brother freely. Then Raj started the blue film and both the cousins watched it. It was an incest flick and showed the entire family getting involved in it. Rajendra was really excited to watch this and his cock was getting hard. The scene showed mom, son and daughter in all out sexual acts and Rajendra was stunned at that. As both were busy watching the movie, Ravali walked in. Rajendra was afraid to see Ravali there but Ravali said, No! Don't be afraid. I too wish to enjoy this. Do you know me and Raj..... we have sex. And yes we join our mom into this too. I would love to do it with you now! Here! In front of Raj. The fucker loves to watch."
Ravali did not waste time and going to Rajendra, removed his pants and fished out his hard lund. His cock was about 7 inches long and really thick. Raj watched this, "ohh Randi! Suck that cock! Use your tongue on it and make him spurt. You are real slut Ravali. Come on suck mine too." And Raj removed his cock from his shorts and presented it to his sister. Ravali grabbed both the cocks and licked the cock heads with her tongue. Then she took Rajendra's cock in her mouth and started to suck on it. Raj pushed his cock along with his cousins, in to the mouth of Ravali. His cockhead entered with Rajendra's cock still in Ravali's mouth. Ravali's mouth swelled with the two cocks and she could not move over the cocks. So she just moved her tongue on both the cock heads and tried to suck the one she was sucking.
In other room Kavita had now seduced Radhika and was sucking her pussy with all her skills. Radhika was squirming with lust and wanted to do the same to her aunt. So they both went into 69, sucking at each other's cunts and licking the clits.
"Radhika, I want a big cock in my choot! Ohhh god I want cock! Ohhh I want Rajendra's cock! Raj's cock. Your dad's cock. ANY cock. OHHHHHH I am dying for it! Ohhhhhhhhhhh! Lets go to the other room and let me see if Raj is there to fuck me."
"Ohhh Aunty! You fuck your own son! YES I too wish that my mom should do what you are doing to me. I want mom to lick my pussy! I want Rajendra to fuck my cunt and moms too! Ohhh I want Dad's big cock! YES I am willing to do anything!"
And both the ladies went to the next room. As they entered the room, they saw Ravali sucking on the two cocks and Radhika juiced her cunt! OH god she never expected Ravali doing this. Was she hot! Yes she wanted to do what Ravali was doing and with her brother. Her own brother. She did not bother whose cock it was. Radhika dashed to the scene and kissed the two cocks along with Ravali. Kavita had sat down and was licking the ass of her son and nephew.
Ravali took out the cocks and welcomed Radhika, " OHH Radhika! Welcome to our family get-together. Come on join this! Take your brothers cock and let your cousin Raj fuck your choot. Take them at the same time and I want you to be a family slut and take any body's cock. Even your dad's. Lets fuck. Watch me and mom rub our cunts and fuck those cocks!"
And the boys too did not waste anytime. Rajendra made her bend and pushed his cock in his sisters choot from behind while Raj grabbed Radhika's head and thrust his cock in her mouth. Kavita and Ravali watched the show, rubbing each other's cunts and licking their lips. Poor Radhika was taken by surprise at the two cocks knocking the doors of her mouth and cunt. She opened her mouth to take in her cousin's cock and almost gagged as he pushed his cock right in her open mouth. Kavita got up and brought two big size cucumbers from the kitchen. They were about 10 inches long and about 3 inch wide. She spread her daughter's legs and pushed the cucumber inside her cunt. OHHH MOM! Fuck me with that thing! Yes fuck me as we watch Radhika getting it in her cunt and mouth."
Now Radhika was sucking Raj's cock as Rajendra tried to push his cock in her virgin choot. He was a bit afraid and was hesitating so Kavita got up and placed his cock at the cunt hole of Radhika and asked him to give hard thrust. Rajendra pushed with all his might and his cock entered about half in one thrust. Radhika cried in pain at the rupture of her hymen and asked her brother to withdraw his cock. Kavita asked Raj to push his cock in Radhika's mouth so that she won't be able to shout and she started to massage Radhika's boobs. Ravali was fucking her cunt with the cucumber and had taken another one in her mouth. Kavita told Radhika to watch her cousin getting it on with the cucumbers and do like wise.
"Come on Radhika! Take those cocks! Take that cock of your own brother in your choot and fuck him. Ohhh! What a slut! See my daughter fucking the cucumbers! I want you to do it too. Lets all become sluts' to our family and let them fuck us anytime! I am going to call your mother too! I want to see her getting her own son's cock in her big cunt and ass hole. Ohhh I want to fuck your dad's cock! Ohhh lets fuck!" Kavita said. 
"Ohhh Yes mom! I too want that cock! I want Dr. Ravi's cock in my choot and suck Vasundhara's choot and asshole. Ohhh this is so exciting! Come on Radhika fuck your brother!"
And now Radhika was steady on the cock in her mouth and cunt. Rajendra was fucking his sister fast and deep while Raj thrust his hips and mouth fucked her. Kavita got up and went to her daughter and sat on her mouth taking the cucumber in her choot as her daughter sucked the other part on the same. Ohhh! Readers it was quite a lusty sight. Rajendra moaned and deposited his come for the first time in his sister's choot and Raj came in her mouth. Raj took out his cock while he was spunking and sprayed his come all over Radhika's face and her boobs. Kavita now fucked the cucumber hard while she watched the boys' spunking and then came on the big cucumber. Ravali too thrust the cucumber hard in her choot and came.
Radhika was lying on her back, come dripping from her choot and all of her face and boobs covered with the spunk. Kavita and Ravali went to Radhika and Ravali scooped out all the spunk from her choot and rubbed it all over Radhika's body. Kavita rubbed the come on Radhika's face and boobs. Radhika's body was shining with the come coating and she embraced her aunt and Ravali in her arms. The boys watched as the trio kissed each other and rubbed their boobs on each other's body. Kavita arranged them in a triangle so that Radhika was licking Ravali's cunt, Ravali was licking Kavita's cunt and Kavita was licking Radhika in turn. Ohhh the three females presented a nice show to the young boys and soon their cocks became hard.
Raj, " Come on Rajendra lets fuck the cunts. You fuck your aunt while I fuck Radhika. Ohhh I want to taste that young cunt! Come on fuck my mom's old choot. Let Ravali finger her cunt or fuck the cucumber and give us a nice show."
And Radhika and Kavita now lay in 69 with Kavita on top and Radhika on her back. Raj spread Radhika's legs and thrust his cock in her choot while Rajendra positioned himself behind his aunt and pushed his cock in the old cunt. Kavita gasped at the penetration, " Ohhh Rajendra! Fuck me. Fuck my cunt! Ohhh GOD I am watching my son fuck your sister. See his cock! Ohhh its up to the hilt in Radhika's cunt! Ohhh fuck her Raj! Ohhh fuck me Rajendra! Chodo! I want cock! Fuck! Fuck!"
Kavita was really delirious with passion and when Rajendra entered her choot. She immediately responded by thrusting her hips back on his cock taking almost all of those 7 inches in her choot. Raj felt his cock entering Radhika's tight cunt and was happy with the tightness of that cunt, " Ohhh Mom Radhika's cunt is so tight! Ohhh Sali bahut maza de rahi hai! Ahhhhh! Ohhh! Chal le mera Lund! Kha ja mera danda!."
Ravali was watching all this and fingering hr own cunt but wanted a cock herself too, " Ohhh Mom! Meri choot me lund chahiye! Oohh Sali lund ke liye taras rahi hai! Ohhh Rajendra kya tum hum dono ko chod sakate ho? Chal mammi! Jara muze bhi us lund ka maza chakh ne do."
And Ravali went near her mom and squatted on all fours next to her, presenting her ass next to her mothers and urged Rajendra to fuck them alternately. Rajendra was more than happy to oblige and he took away his cock from his aunt's cunt and pushed it in the sopping wet cunt of Ravali and fucked her few times and again switched over to Kavita. Raj was now fucking Radhika in earnest and had pushed up her legs on his shoulder so that he could ram his lund deep in her cunt. Radhika was watching the other family fucking and was really very excited and bucked her ass up to meet the invading cock. Rajendra alternately fucked Kavita and Ravali and had two cunts at his disposal. Raj was ramming his cock in the tight choot of Radhika and enjoying every bit of it. Kavita and Ravali kissed each other and fondled the boobs as they welcomed the cock of Rajendra and all were moaning loudly in the passion of incest.
Raj came first and deposited his come deep into the chute of Radhika and lay oh her panting. Radhika put her legs around the waist of Raj, holding him tightly into her cunt and allowing the come deep inside her cunt. The competition to take come of Rajendra ended in fantastic way. Both the ladies received few spurts of his come in their cunts and came. Naked bodies writhed in the room in release and satisfaction. When the thunder calmed down, Kavita got up and gave the honey come to Radhika and so did Ravali.
The family had everybody except Dr. Ravi and Vasundhara in this game. Radhika said, " Hey auntie I want to suck the cunt of my mom and have dads cock in my hole. Like Raj is enjoying his mom I want Rajendra to enjoy my mom while I enjoy dad. I want all the family in this Ohhh its really fun fucking your own blood. "
"Yes I am going to seduce both of them today in the night. Your dad Ravi is after my daughters body and me for a long time so today Ravali and me will seduce him and Raj will seduce your mom Vasundhara. Then we all will gather in one room and enjoy each other. OHH how I want it to happen!" Kavita.
So the family scattered and everybody thought about the fucking and sucking they will have with everybody in the family.
Readers! The family should be envied by all f you! In the next part the further episode of this. Wait with your cock in hand or fingers in pussy.
Visit my homepage at < http://jeevan80.nightsites.com/ > for more stories and also classified personals, which I have started. My dear fans I wish to start genuine contact service for couples and singles too. Those Ladies who are in Escort service may also write as I get many enquires. So if you really wish to give your personal ad. Please give some contact no. to me so that I can confirm the Ad and then post it. Also if any lady wants to do Escort service, she too can mail me with her photo and contact no off course. Please cooperate with me for this. The reason I ask contact no is to make sure that I have genuine ads and not fake ones. This is just for you people. 
Send your comments to me at jeevan80@yahoo.com
