Tutoring a Punk
Title: Tutoring a Punk (1 of 3)
Author: glambini 
Rating: NC17
Paring: Tommy/Adam
PROMPT: High School Fic. Tommy is a punk (think buff Tommy from his MySpace pix). Adam is a studious, theater geek (but looks hot like he does now). They start off disliking each other, then Adam has to tutor Tommy and they end up falling for each other. First time for both.

He saw them standing at the corner, their usual spot, with that nonchalant air about them. Adam stole a glance at him, just for a moment, and imagined an alternative universe where the new kid hadn't taken up with that group. Something about him looked out of place with rest of the metal wannabe rockers. If he didn't need to walk through the alley to get to dress rehearsal, and if the rehearsal wasn't in ten minutes, Adam would have taken a different route. Clutching costumes and covered in glitter was not the way he wanted to make his first impression. Adam knew the usual jeers would feel different because he was there; Tommy Joe Ratliff, the talk of the entire school, with his blond spikes and creeper tattoos, his dark eyeliner and his goth boots. He was all too pretty to be a Metalhead or Goth. Adam pushed down that wellspring of insecurity that was never too far from the surface; a vestige of his former rounder, ginger-haired self from tenth grade. He'd come a long way in the past two years, but something about Tommy made his confidence crumble. Overcompensating for his lack of inner composure Adam didn't merely walk past the gang of five, he broke into a strut. Adam did pull off a form any runway model would envy, but runway models didn't have to worry about human obstacle courses.

He ended up on a collision course with Shane.

Fate just had to be cruel to me, Adam thought to himself, trying to pick up the scattered pieces of what was supposed to be the headpiece of his costume, hoping there was enough time to put it back together before the performance next week.

"I'm so sor..." he started, still crouching on the floor, obviously more concerned about the costume than whoever he'd run into.

"Whatever, dude!" Shane dismissed him without another thought.

"Maybe if you didn't have a pound of glitter on, you'd actually be able to see where the fuck you're going and quit bumping into people," the new kid added. Sure, Adam was the weird kid on the block. But the other kids knew not to mess with him. They largely ignored the drama club crowd, who with their over the top make-up and outfits were a fiercely loyal and close-knit group.

"What did you fucking say to me?" Adam growled as he picked himself up. He stood tall, towering over the new kid even with the goth creeper boots the kid had on.

"Nothing man." Shane tried to pull his friend back, get him to back off. Picking fights with drama queen types was not the way to earn street cred, not unless you actually did what no one since Sanchez had the guts to do - beat them into a pulp. Adam packed enough size that no one dared cross him.

Adam stared at Tommy, saw the budging vein in the kid's temple, eyes darkened by anger. Adam wondered vaguely why the new kid had it out for him for no discernible reason. He dusted off the dirt from his outfit, some glitter too, but that was simply collateral damage for the effect. There was no way in hell he was ever going to be friends with the new kid now, so if hate was the only reaction he could elicit, he was aiming for an encore. Staring straight at the new kid, Adam said, to no one in particular, "You might want to keep Newbie here on a leash."

"Why, you..." Tommy lunged for him.

Little as Tommy was, and he was not a huge boy, it took all of the gang to hold him down as Adam laughed and walked away.

After that introduction, Adam and Tommy became enemies. It wasn't a sudden thing. Adam tried smiling at him when they saw each other again, only to be met with a scowl. If that's how he wants it, Adam thought to himself. He also knew how to express displeasure at another's presence. Tommy didn't react to that much better, storming out like Adam was wearing skunk anal squirt. Adam grew resentful. What did I ever do to him? Soon their animosity became overt, a thing their friends had to grapple with and work around. Adam hissed whenever Tommy's name was mentioned in conversation, which given how the new kid was pretty and captured every girl's imagination, was often. Not even his drama team chicks were immune, and Adam hated every minute of it because, of course, he too thought Tommy was cute and hot. Initially he'd calculated that he'd take any reaction from Tommy over indifference, now Adam was not so sure, and that made him really hate Tommy. He hated the way Tommy made him feel, even now. It was a good thing all his interactions with Tommy were across the crowded cafeteria and in the hallways. That was about to change.

Adam was sitting at his usual desk, not all the way back with the goofers, but not front row either. The one empty seat in the class was right next to him, something he paid no mind until Tommy walked through the door.

"Good morning, Mr. Ratliff." Mrs. Potter barked, stern as usual.

"Ma'am," Tommy nodded, holding out a green slip to her, a smile lighting up his face. Adam realized it was the first time he'd ever seen Tommy smile and Adam's cock, never having been involved in their feud, certainly took notice.

"Mr. Ratliff, how do you intend to make up for missing half the semester?" The teacher asked, head tilted to the side as she regarded Tommy over the rim of her glasses.

"Extra homework? I'll do whatever it takes. I really just want to be able to graduate on time." Tommy spoke in bursts of melody, like the valley boy that he was.

"Extra homework won't cut it. This is history class, you have to actually know things to pass your finals." Mrs. Potter crossed her arms across her chest.

"Well, it's hardly my fault that there was a mix up with the school transcripts when I transferred," Tommy complained.

"Which is why I have honored the request to join us mid-semester," she conceded. "That is however the only concession I will make. You'll not find me lenient come test time."

"I understand." Tommy nodded, enthused.

"And Adam can tutor you. He's my best student!"

Any other time Adam would have been thrilled at the compliment. He was hardly the best history student, but he was consistent, and passionate, if not about the format the material was presented in, he was passionate about the content. He liked stories, and history was like a collection of stories except they happened to be real. Tommy stared at him, eyes wide with surprise, fidgeting with the chipped black nail polish on his fingers. "I don't need a tutor Mrs. Potter. I am sure Adam has better things to do." Tommy said to gasps and hushed whispers in the class. No one defied Mrs. Potter and lived to tell the story.

"I beg your pardon, young man!" Mrs. Potter punctuated her words with menace.

"I...er...would not want to impose." Tommy's voice was meek this time.

"Tutoring you will keep Adam away from the Drama club long enough to get some work done." Mrs. Potter's statement was met with chuckles from the class as all eyes turned to Adam. He knew it would take a silly excuse, any excuse, to get him out of this. Mrs. Potter couldn't make him tutor Tommy if he didn't want to. Maybe if Tommy wasn't looking at him defiantly, all fierce, and almost daring him to do his worst. "I'll have him up to speed with the class in no time, Mrs. Potter." Adam said, calmly, with a smirk on his face. Your move, Ratliff.

Tommy slammed his backpack against the seat and sat in the seat next to Adam, shoulders slumped. "I didn't know metal heads had backpacks," Adam teased. "Fuck off, Lambert."

"My pleasure." Adam winked. He knew it was upsetting Tommy, and he liked the reaction. It wasn't the hate filled stares and forceful shoves, this was outright panic Tommy was exuding, and Adam liked watching him squirm.

After class, Adam tapped Tommy on the shoulder. "Look, I won't pretend to tutor you and let you crash and burn if that's what you are worried about." Tommy didn't say anything, so he continued. "I mean, I am a really nice guy. I don't know why exactly you hate me, even though we did get off on the wrong foot. I'd never do something mean like that." And to not lose face he quickly added, "Not that I don't hate you, too."

"I do really need the help," Tommy finally said, his voice quivering slightly.

"Tonight. Seven o'clock. My place." Adam scribbled down his phone number on a paper and stuffed it into Tommy's hands.

***

Adam kicked the dirt under his feet as he walked to the car. The Adam he'd been two years ago would never have challenged Tommy so openly for fear of exposing his vulnerability. His deep dark secret gnawed at his insides, mocking the pretend life he lived, where theater was his reality and real life a mere facade. And it was not that he had any excuse either. His family was liberal enough that he wasn't worried about seeking out youth homeless shelters. Still, he feared his inner demons. And a small part believed that if he just never said it out loud, it would be less real. Those three words he feared to utter, obvious as it was to everyone, even in the privacy of his own thoughts. "I am gay."

The animosity between Adam and Tommy was genuine, yet it was part pretense too, at least on his part. Adam knew it wasn't hate that burned his insides when Tommy was near. His cock didn't swell with hate when he'd catch sight of Tommy's blond tipped spikes in a crowd. He hated Tommy because he wanted him and couldn't ever have him, not even as a friend. Yet in a few hours Tommy would knock on his door, walk into his room. Adam remembered the mess he'd left that morning, putting off cleaning his room for way too long. There was no time to stop at the local watering hole for coffee and a chat with his drama posse.

***

It was six-thirty, and Adam pretended to be mildly interested in the chat room on his screen. The sentences rolled off his screen, but he couldn't concentrate long enough to read any of them or contribute to the conversation. He drummed his fingers by the keyboard and stared at the clock. The minute hand had barely moved since the last time and Adam felt time standing still as if to torture him. He ran his hands through his hair in exasperation, finally burying his face in his hands. The shrill ringing of his phone jolted Adam out of his daze and he reached for the iPhone he'd tossed on the bed.

It was Tommy. Adam's heart skipped a beat. Of course, he'd call. He needed an address and directions. Adam calmed himself. Get a grip Lambert. Won't do you any good to sound like a stuttering idiot. You left that scared kid back in tenth grade. Don't slip up now. He touched the call button. "Hello."

"Hi Adam, it's me, Tommy."

I know. Adam couldn't say that. He'd have to explain to Tommy how he had his number. "Hi," Adam said instead. "You need my address?" he asked, pulling off a nonchalant tone worthy of an Oscar, completely masking his inner turmoil.

"Errr..." Tommy stammered and finally let out all in one breath, "not really. I can't come today."

"Oh." Adam couldn't find the voice to say anything else.

"Well, my cousin took the car, and I'm stuck at home," Tommy explained. "I was wondering if maybe you could, you know, come over here instead."

Just as all the air had rushed out of his lungs initially, it gushed right back in with relief. He was going to see Tommy Joe Ratliff tonight, outside of school, almost like they were friends. "Sure," Adam replied, "I'll be right over."

"Thanks. I feel wrong asking as you are already doing me a favor and we don't like each other much." Tommy said.

"No worries. You'll owe me," Adam chuckled.

"I will," Tommy agreed. "And I hate being indebted to my enemies."

"Is that what I am? Your enemy?" Adam asked, afraid the tremble in his voice would betray the hurt of the words.

"Not tonight." Tommy reassured him. "Tonight you are my tutor, I suppose."

Adam laughed. It was a bitter laugh, but few could tell the difference. "Tutor. Right. And tomorrow?"

"I don't know..." Tommy's voice trailed off.

"See you in a bit." Adam hung up. He was at once both elated - he'd get to see Tommy's room and Tommy in homey clothes - and deflated - even now friendship wasn't even on the table. They were enemies. Tommy had said that. Lost in thought, Adam was halfway to Tommy's. He knew the way. He had been there before; had driven by to catch a glimpse of his nemesis. But Tommy didn't know that; and while they had been talking about being enemies, Adam had forgotten to go through the motions of asking for directions.