Girl Next Door Ch. 01
by Goldeniangel©


Jimmy watched with some shock as his next-door neighbor Miranda jumped into her pool, stark naked. He was house-sitting for some of his parent's friends and he'd just met Miranda yesterday when she'd been saying goodbye to her parents - who had left for the week for their wedding anniversary. She'd been pretty cute yesterday and he'd been eager to meet her acquaintance, especially since they both would have completely empty houses this summer! Finding out that she didn't have a boyfriend had been an extra bonus. They'd talked about how nice it was to be away from the ever watchful eye of their parents and he'd hoped to get to know her better over the summer... well his eyes were getting to know her much better right now!

Completely naked and glistening she swam around, her chest rather buoyant in the water. Feeling himself get hard he reached down into his pants, wishing that he had a pair of binoculars to watch her with... really get a good look at her body. Damn but she was gorgeous... especially totally naked. He watched her swim for quite awhile, pumping his dick every couple of seconds, but really just trying to enjoy the whole experience. It wasn't often that something like this happened to him. She was glistening wet, the kind of thing that you'd see in a dirty magazine or something, with the water dripping off of her.

When she got out to get on the diving board he thought that all his dreams must be coming true... she bounced a couple of times on the end, her naked breasts flopping up and down, before she did a high jump in the air and dove into the water. Several times she did this, her gorgeous breasts and ass jiggling all over the place and driving him absolutely wild! Every time she got out of the pool the water poured off her body, leaving her wet and slick in the sunlight... and then, God bless her, she'd be up on the diving board again, bouncing away.

It was like watching "Girls Gone Wild"... the only thing that would be better was if she was on a trampoline. Or if he was closer and had an even better view... when she jumped upwards and did the splits midair, rather than a dive, he thought he was going to die as her pussy split apart, pink wetness in the center. Gorgeous, well-endowed AND flexible... not to mention that she was swimming naked in her backyard in the middle of the day! He tried pinching himself just to make sure he wasn't dreaming - not that he was sure he wanted to wake up if he was. As dreams went, this would have been one of his best ones yet! Finding out that he was definitely not dreaming and this was actually happening was possibly the best discovery he'd ever made in his life.

When she got out and walked over to the lawn chair on the side of the pool he felt rather sad until she sat down and he realized that she was going to be staying out for awhile. His heart leapt into his throat when she pulled out some baby oil and began rubbing it on her body, over her neck and arms, her chest and stomach and legs... her breasts she payed especial attention to he thought. Or maybe he just liked to think that she had payed special attention. But as he watched her hands slowly slid back up to those pretty tits, caressing the skin and rubbing the oil into it more firmly.

He thought about how firm and slick they must be right now and wondered what it would be like to squeeze them together and fuck them with his dick. Probably oily and slick, letting him slide back and forth in that valley of flesh... he pictured her open lips taking the head of his dick every time he pushed all the way through. Pausing for a moment he went quickly and found his own baby oil, bringing it back to the window with him and rubbing it on his hands before fisting his dick again. Looking back out the window he almost fell over... she was playing with her nipples! 

Feeling like a million bucks he pictured sliding his dick through that cleavage while she held them tight together, playing with her nipples. Her fingers slid all over the little nubs, even twisting... as his hand slowed on his dick so that he could catch his breath and get some control back, he realized that he could hear her faintly moaning. Damn that was hot...

Watching in disbelief, he moaned along with her as one of her hands slid down her stomach to her pussy, gliding over the shaved mound and into that pink slit. He could see her hand working up and down rubbing against the juicy lips as she masturbated. Lifting her hips as she played with her clit, Miranda was starting to get hot and heavy into her self-pleasuring, putting on the best show that he'd ever seen in his life. Her moans were much louder now and he could see her fingers curving to actually slide inside that pink pussy. 

They disappeared into her hot pussy hole, invading it and stretching it open... squeezing his dick, he imagined what it would be like to slide into there, going much deeper than her fingers would be able to. As she began to move her hips, her fingers sliding back and forth in the slickness, his eyelids lowered a little, so that he could imagine it was his dick thrusting into her wetness. Miranda's body glistened and heaved, her skin glowing in the sunlight, shiny with the oil that she'd rubbed onto herself. The oil on his dick was allowing him to glide over it, it felt incredibly good, he tried to imagine the the slickness was really the wet juices of her pussy...

As Jimmy watched, she began to ram her fingers into her pussy harder and harder, the hand on her breast becoming almost brutal in its treatment of her nipple; his own hand picked up speed in response to her heavy pants and quick movements. Her face became impassioned with lust, and her entire body seemed to arch as she started to cum, her moans reaching a high-pitched peak that made his balls ache. As she thrashed on the lawn chair, her fingers buried deep in her pussy, he squeezed his dick hard and started to cum; imagining that he was blowing his load all over her tanned body, covering her stomach and breasts with white streaks of cum.

Sighing in contentment, the ache in his groin gone, he just watched as she lounged some more, wiping her fingers off on the towel next to her. Leaning on the window sill he just admired his neighbor's body, happily contemplating the kind of summer he could have house-sitting here! First things first, he was going to need to find a pair of binoculars. 

When Miranda started to get up, he stood up in the window, and for a moment it looked as though she was looking up at him. He quickly jumped to the side, out of view, with his heart pounding madly in his chest... waiting a few moments, he carefully turned to the side and looked out there. She was gathering up her things, showing no sign at all that she'd seen him watching her... more cautiously now, he stood and watched her breasts and ass jiggle as she walked back towards her house.

The front of his pants was starting to feel a little tight again, but he ignored it. There wasn't any eye candy anymore, and at any rate, he was more interested in finding some binoculars just in case she did something like this again! 

Girl Next Door Ch. 02

Jimmy kept a watch on Miranda's backyard for the next couple of days, hoping that she would repeat her performance in the pool; but she didn't. The few times that he saw her she was on her way out somewhere, although he tried to go over a couple times when he was pretty sure that she was home no one answered the door. Disheartened, he thought that maybe she wasn't as interested in getting to know him as he was in getting to know her... it was definitely possible. Maybe he'd just been so excited by having a beautiful girl next door that he'd taken purely friendly overtures as being more than friendly... oh well. If nothing else, the images in his head of her bouncing up and down on the diving board, swimming naked and then masturbating were worth his entire summer's stay.

And then he got lucky again. He'd found a pair of binoculars and put them up on the window where he'd been watching her from before - it was a prime spot, through the branches to hide him a little but giving him a good view of the backyard. Walking by one of the other windows he glanced out and saw her setting up next to the pool... this time she had a bag with her but she was naked again. Very excited he raced to the other window, getting into position with the binoculars and putting them to his eyes.

She looked even better closer... this was the perfect distance so that he could see her from upper thighs to the top of her head, getting the full view of her body and also of her facial expressions. Smiling she went over and jumped into the pool again, floating around on her back while her breasts bobbled lusciously on her chest. Groaning happily as she went to the diving board, Jimmy slid one hand down into his pants to rub his aching dick; her boobs were flopping as she bounced on the diving board and then dove in. 

It was just as good as show as it had been before, her naked glistening body jumping up and down while the fleshier parts of her jiggled enticingly... Jimmy was fisting himself firmly as he watched her in the pool. When she got out he fervently hoped that she was going to repeat the other day's activities... yes... YES! She got out a bottle of the lotion and began rubbing it all over her generous tits, taking a lot of time to rub it into her nipples, pinching the glistening buds. Rubbing his dick hard, he ran his thumb over the sensitive head and moaned as she started playing with her nipples.

Miranda's eyes were closed and her mouth was open, panting as she rubbed her breasts, pinching and twisting at the erect buds; her thighs spread open almost as if it was involuntary. Between her pink lips, pussy juices were collecting and shining, the lips parting as though asking for a dick to be rammed between them. Jimmy's breathing was getting heavy as she suddenly stopped and reached into her bag, causing him some consternation as he feared that she was going to stop.

Instead, she brought out a dildo. Not a particularly big one, in fact his dick was probably bigger than it, but still, he realized that she was going to masturbate with a dildo. He was actually going to get to watch a replica of a dick pushing its way in and out of her hot hole... this had to be the best summer he'd ever had. Taking the dildo, she rubbed it over her oiled tits and nipples, sliding it through the deep valley of cleavage and making Jimmy wish that it was his dick sliding between that slick flesh. 

Moving the dildo down to her pussy, she slid it up and down between the pink lips a few times, getting it wet with her juices. Jimmy had the binoculars locked onto her body, his hand moving on his dick firmly as she poised the tip of the dildo at the entrance of her pussy. Slowly she started pushing it in, a little bit at a time, her mouth making a perfect 'o' as she sighed in lustful happiness, the plastic toy stretching her open. With the binoculars Jimmy could actually see her pussy hole opening up to accept the toy, like a mouth stretching wide as more and more of its length was pushed in. The fact that she was using a very life-like dildo made it even easier for him to imagine that it was his own dick pushing into her.

He kept his hand moving at the same pace that she was using to thrust the dildo into her body; enjoying the way her tits jiggled and the expressions on her face as she fucked herself. The binoculars were getting heavy in his hand but there was no question of him putting them down, they were giving him the best view that he'd ever had! Miranda began thrusting the dildo into her pussy faster and faster, and his hand picked up speed on his dick, feeling the orgasm starting to build in his balls as he watched her fuck herself.

Finally she slammed the dildo all the way in, the deepest it had gone yet and rubbed her clit furiously with her fingers as she thrashed in ecstatic orgasm; as her boobs bounced and her loud moans reached his ears, he shot his load, his dick throbbing in his hand. This was probably the best masturbation he'd ever had... how could it not be with the kind of stimulation he was getting? He sighed in completion as he finished cumming, his eyes focusing down on Miranda again.

The view had changed, the dildo was out of her pussy and she was standing so that he only could see her lower half... and she was facing the house he was in. Startled he brought the binoculars up to where she was looking straight at him. 

"Did you like the show you sick fucker?!" she yelled up... cripes she looked angry. Jimmy felt frozen in place, he had no idea what to do... she'd obviously seen him, and really he was breaking the law... but damn, she'd been swimming around naked in her backyard! And masturbating! What guy his age was supposed to be able to resist watching that? Hell, with the way she looked, what guy ANY age was supposed to be able to resist that?

Flicking him off she turned and walked back towards the house, leaving him standing next to the window, binoculars in hand, completely stunned. His mind tried to figure out what had happened... had she known all along that he'd been watching her? In that case, why had she called him a sick fucker? If she'd been playing with herself just for his benefit then that would make her just as 'sick'... or so he thought anyway. Had he done something to make her notice? Moaned out loud?

Shaken and confused Jimmy put the binoculars down and retreated to the interior of the house, where there were no windows facing Miranda's. 


Girl Next Door Ch. 03

For the next week Jimmy was hesitant to even peek outside to see if Miranda was there. If he had, he would have seen her coming out and peering up at the window he'd been watching her from, shrugging when she saw he wasn't there, and doing a regular swim. But she'd frightened him rather badly, because he knew that watching her like that was definitely a crime - even if she was a tease. Still, she had the right to be swimming naked and masturbating in her own backyard right? And he wasn't supposed to watch. 

That seemed a little wrong, expecting an awful lot of a guy his age, but still. He didn't want to get in trouble either. 

So it was by complete accident that he caught her out there, swimming around naked again. Unfortunately for him he didn't realize that Miranda had seen him as well, she hid a grin, eager to show off some more. Although she did think it was sick of him to be watching her, she didn't seem to be able to help herself from taunting him. It was a kind of backhanded compliment that he would be so interested in what she was doing...

Ever since the first day, she'd seen him watching her, although admittedly not until after she'd cum on the first day. But still, knowing that he HAD been watching her had been kind of... intoxicating. And it had been even better when she knew that he was watching as she fucked herself with the dildo... well today she had another toy. Still a dildo, but this one had two prongs, a larger one for her pussy and a smaller one for her ass. Next door neighbor Jimmy was going to get one hell of a visual treat!

She knew it was wrong to taunt him, but it really turned her on to know that he was watching. Hypocritical, but who cared? It added to the experience to call him nasty, knowing that she was dirty for doing it in front of him. 

Jimmy knew that he shouldn't be watching again, but he was pretty sure that she hadn't seen him. He was looking out of a different window than he'd ever stood in before, and she didn't give any sign that she had seen him. Surely after yelling at him teh last time she would definitely mock him for trying to look again.

Sighing happily as she got out of the water, the liquid sluicing off her body and leaving her skin slippery and glistening in the sunlight, he drank in her beauty through his eyes. Her naked body was just spectacular, and he could already feel his dick getting hard; it was especially exciting because he'd been denied his watching activities for the past week. Now he could sit back and enjoy himself again, although he didn't know why she would continue to be naked in her backyard when she knew that he could see her from his house. Whatever, he'd never been able to figure out what was going through girl's heads before and he doubted he was going to be able to now.

She stepped over to the chair, sitting down in her usual position and rubbing her nipples, playing with them idly. Although blood surged to his dick, it also surged through his head a little... just what did she think she was up to? Playing with herself like this again when just last week she'd yelled at him for watching her. Ok, so he wasn't supposed to be watching, but wasn't there something wrong with the fact that she was playing with herself? Right out there in the open where he could see? Especially when she knew that he had watched before?

But these thoughts all flew from his head when she pulled out her toy; a strange looking dildo that seemed to have two dicks on it, his brain stalled trying to figure out how she could use it. Rubbing the smaller dildo with oil, she then moved the toy down between her legs; the small one pressed up against her ass and the larger one against her pussy hole. Miranda's mouth opened in an erotic groan as she began to push the toy into her body, invading both her holes at once. 

Poor Jimmy was almost faint with lust, seeing her do such a nasty thing... putting a dildo into her pussy and ass at the same time... his dick was rock hard and his hand was around it and pumping before he'd even registered what he was doing. He watched, fervently fisting his dick, as she slowly moved the dildo into her body. Stopping on occasion to pant and gasp before working it even further into her holes; every time she stopped he held onto his dick without moving his hand and gasped along with her. 

Every particle of his being was humming with pleasure as she played with herself, the toy finally buried in her holes completely... and then she started to thrust the dicks in and out.

Miranda was ecstatic as she fucked herself with the toy, feeling so full and so naughty... with her eyes only half open and somewhat hidden by heavy lashes, she felt free to look over to where she knew her next door neighbor was watching. He was there, as usual, and she could tell that he was playing with himself. For a moment she wished wistfully that she could watch him play with himself... but having him watch her excited her even more. It gave her a sense of confidence and made her feel desirable... teasing him made her feel naughty and lustful. Her back arched and she moaned as she thrust the toy deep into her holes, feeling them fill her up...

Moaning loudly she watched as his face contorted with desire, feeling a flare of triumph as she knew he was picturing himself in her body, rather than the dildo. Her holes clamped down on the toy and she began to shriek with ecstacy, writhing and thrusting on the chair, the knowledge that he was watching just making everything all the more intense. Low groans alerted her to Jimmy's orgasm, and she smiled in malicious completion.

Standing, she watched him cum, the window open so that she could hear his soft moans and see his ecstatic expression. With his eyes closed he didn't see her watching, hands on her hips as he came. When he did finally open his eyes, his heart sank as she was again standing there with a nasty look on her face.

"Enjoy that asshole?" she called over to him, "I knew you wouldn't be able to keep from watching! Damn... get a life you perv!"

And with that she stalked inside.

Jimmy stood at the window, his head and groin in complete turmoil. On one hand she was right, he definitely shouldn't be watching, it was illegal and she should be able to do what she wanted to in her own backyard. On the other hand, what kind of girl actually sat and played with herself more than once when she KNEW that someone was watching? And she had the nerve to call HIM a perv?! 

Anger and frustration festered, grimly he stared at her backdoor. Just wait... the next time she came out to play with herself... well. She'd be getting quite a surprise, that's all. 
