Julie Shows Off
by Krazy_Organized_Chaos

Julie Shows Off Pt. 03

Julie gets to have an audience.

*Buzzzz* my intercom to my apartment went off.

I looked at the clock and it was 6:45. Fuck, Brian was early. I rushed to try to finish my makeup as the buzzer went off again. I looked over myself one last time in the mirror, my deep blue shirt was one of my favorites. In the right lighting, you could see right through it. My thoughts began to wander about how I can use it to my advantage when my buzzer rang for a third time.

I glanced out the door and could see it was Brian, and I buzzed him in. I left the door cracked open and went back to finishing getting ready. Within a few seconds there was a couple taps on the door and Brian walked in.

"Hey!" I said as he walked in and closed the door.

"Hey yourself," Brian replied, "You know, when I saw the door cracked open, I half expected to walk in on you naked."

"Hmm... I didn't even think of that, I'm slacking." I laughed.

We walked in silence from my apartment to his car. Brian opened the door for me to get in. He then bent over, and buckled my seat belt for me, pausing his face in front of mine and said "Safety first" in a deep, low voice, my insides felt on fire with excitement.

I wanted to pull Brian into a kiss with him being so close, but before I could get my body to move, he was already closing my door and walking around the car to get in himself. The pull I had towards Brian wasn't like anything I had felt with previous guys I had been with. I wanted more than anything for him to take me then and there in the parking lot, not caring who saw. As he got into the car, and buckled his own seat belt, he had a smile on his face that mirrored my own. My insides still felt on fire, and all my mind could focus on was having him inside of me.

"So.... what are the plans for the evening?" I asked, breaking the silence and trying to get my mind on things other than Brian's mouth and cock.

"I have reservations at a restaurant, and then who knows..." Brian trailed off, "I had thought something silly and fun like mini golf or bowling, but maybe a walk somewhere is a better idea. We will see how dinner goes."

"Hmm, yes, we will see." I stated with a giggle, "What restaurant are we going to?"

"It's a very... selective restaurant I guess you could say." Brian said while we continued to drive through the city, "You have to be a member to even get a reservation."

"Oh... well what is it called?" I replied while placing my hand on his leg, "Maybe I've heard of it. Is it the new place on 10th? I've heard that's hard to get into."

We pulled into a parking garage, and Brian took his parking ticket, and continued to drive.

"No, not on 10th." Brian stated as he parked. "We're here."

I recognized the building. It was full of offices. My car insurance carrier was actually in this building. I was suddenly more aware of how I was dressed. It made me look like I should be standing on a corner and not entering a professional office building.

"Brian..." I trailed off as I got out of the car.

"Yes?" Brian asked.

"Umm, this is an office building." I shivered as the cool fall breeze reminded me of my scant clothing. "I come here for insurance, there's no restaurant in there."

"I told you it was selective." Brian stated with a grin. He grabbed my hand and led me into the building. As we began walking through the lobby, I could feel everyone's eyes on me, my heart felt as if there was a hummingbird on caffeine in my chest, trying to get out.

As we stood in front of the elevator waiting for the doors to open, a small crowd began to gather next to us. Three younger men in suits were to my right, and kept elbowing each other and nodding in my direction.

Brian placed his hand on the small of my back before leaning over and whispering, "I do believe you have a fan club."

I glanced over at them and smiled. As I did the doors to the elevator opened and a whoosh of warm air hit me. My skin instantly prickled with goosebumps, and I felt my nipples harden against the thin bra I was wearing.

Brian walked me to the back of the elevator, and the others around us quietly filed in and we all turned to face the doors. Brian moved me so that I was standing directly in front of him, and put his hand on my stomach, pulling me so that my back was flat against his chest. My ass could feel his semi hard cock through the sheer fabric between us. I was regretting my choice in underwear, as I could already feel how wet they were

Brian kissed my neck and whispered, "How about we give them another show? Don't be loud though, you don't want to be kicked out." I was regretting my choice in underwear, as I could already feel how wet my thong was.

His one hand stayed put on my stomach. I was sure he could feel my insides clench as his other hand slid up my legs, raising my skirt slightly and cupping my ass. I moved myself into him, wanting his hands on my clit, which was already swollen and aching for him to touch it.

As if he could tell what I was doing, Brian moved my thong to the side and pushed two fingers inside of me. I gasped at the fullness and how easy they slid in. One of the business men from earlier turned to look at me, causing me to blush and bite my lip.

I began to feel an odd pulsing I'd never felt before as Brian's fingers slowly slid in and out. I could feel his cock growing against my ass, and I bit my lip harder and attempted to concentrate on breathing to stifle the moan growing deep within me.

Brian withdrew his fingers, and slowly worked them up to my clit, pausing with a finger on either side of it. As soon as his fingers reached it, I realized the pulsing was my clit, as I felt it throb in between his fingers in sync with my heartbeat. I inhaled deeply, sure that I was going to cum fast.

I could feel Brian's body stiffen as half of the elevator turned around to look at me, right when the doors opened.

"They sure do have the heat cranked up in here don't they, good thing you guys are getting off!" Brian stated to the other elevator riders. A few chuckled and nodded in agreement as they walked off the elevator.

"But you aren't getting off yet," Brian whispered in my ear, "but your heart is racing. Too bad our floor is next, I would take you right here in this elevator."

I shuddered as Brian's hand left my clit. He pulled his hand from my skirt and stuck his fingers in his mouth, sucking them clean.

"Maybe we should skip to dessert." He stated as the elevator dinged and doors opened.

We walked into a lobby that looked like any other office. The room was plain. There was a receptionist desk, a half dozen or so chairs, and a coat check closet. My nipples tugged at my bra even more, and sent a shiver up my spine as the cold air enveloped my body. This floor was chillier than the elevator was.

The lady behind the desk was rather plain looking. Her unkempt hair, and wrinkled clothing made her look like she was constantly running late. She continued to type on her keyboard, barely looking up as we approached the desk.

"Hello," Brian said, but she still didn't look up, "We have a 7:30 appointment."

"Appointment?" I whispered, "I thought you said we were going to dinner, where are we?"

My heart rate continued to increase, and it was so loud in my ears that I was sure the sound was bouncing off the plain walls. I began rubbing my hands together, pretending they were just cold, when really they were tingling from my nerves.

"Ah yes, I have you booked in the main room," The receptionist stated, handing Brian a key card, "You are at table eight. You are reserved for up to three hours. You also have full access to the rooms should you want to utilize them, let your server know, however rooms 1 and 3 are reserved for the night. I believe you know the way? Or do you need the assistant to show you?"

"No thank you, I know where I am going, thanks." Brian replied and took my hand into his.

We walked through the door to the right of the lobby. I don't know what I expected, but it definitely wasn't a full blown restaurant in the middle of an office building. There were a little over a dozen booth's lining the walls. The sides of the booths were only about shoulder level, and you could easily see over them.

We walked over and sat at the booth with a gold 8 engraved on the edge. Brian led me into the booth, and I could hear the chatter of others in the room talking, but couldn't quite make out their conversation. Along the far wall there was an entire row of glass that appeared tinted, with doors, almost like the offices on my insurance companies floor. A couple from the booth next to us got up and walked into one. From the brief glimpse through the door I could see the night city skyline before the door closed behind them.

"I didn't say earlier, but that is a great choice in clothing for the night." Brian stated, interrupting my thoughts, "you look amazing."

"Thank you," I replied, "I wanted to give you a show on our first evening out."

"I noticed, that top is pretty much see through." Brian said.

"I know," I giggled, "That's the point."

"Oh really?" Brian said in an inquisitive tone, "Let's see how much you want to show off tonight. Go to the bathroom, take off your bra, and come back to the table."

I sat and thought for several minutes. I might as well walk out naked at that point if I took the bra off. My inner exhibitionist sat and pouted, urging me to do it. My heart began to race again at the thought of walking past all the tables, their eyes on me.

"If you don't want to, you don't have to... but what you do may give me an idea of how the rest of the evening should go." Brian said while browsing the menu.

I got up from the table and headed towards the restroom. As I reached it, another couple came out of the rooms across from the tables, they looked disheveled as if they just rolled out of bed. I walked into the bathroom and just stood in front of the mirror for a few seconds. Would I really take off my bra and be basically topless in front of everyone? I thought to myself.

Fuck it. I unclasped my bra and pulled it out of the sleeve of my top. Shit, I didn't think about how I would bring it back to the table. I folded it as small as it could go and held it to my side.

I walked out of the bathroom, and the lights along the tables were noticeably brighter. My nipples responded to the rub of the fabric against them, and were standing at attention. There was no doubt you could see them poked through my blouse.

As I began walking back to our table, several of the men's heads turned, most giving me a smile as I passed. A few of the women did the same. One woman was unimpressed and appeared to kick the man she was with under the table. I giggled, which only received a dirty look from her, which only made me bust out in a full on laugh at the situation.

"What's so funny?" Brian stated as I sat down.

"Nothing," I replied, "One of the women did not appreciate my lack of bra."

"Oh, yeah that happens sometimes," Brian said, moving closer to me. He leaned over kissing me. He pulled away and whispered "good girl" in my ear before pinching and twisting one of my nipples. If he kept this up I was sure to be sitting in a puddle by the end of dinner.

I shifted in my seat, becoming increasingly aware of my throbbing clit and my need for release. As I moved slightly, I let out a sigh and stilled as my thong rubbed in a way that if I continued to move, I was sure to bring myself to orgasm there at the table.

"Everything OK?" Brian looked concerned.

"Umm, yeah." I replied, "Wish we were back in the elevator, that was hot, and you didn't finish me off."

Brian smiled at me, placing his hand on my thigh, "I know" was all he replied with.

Our waiter arrived with our plates, placing Brian's first. When he got to me he dropped my plate on the table as he made eye contact and his gaze drifted to my chest. The plate made a loud *clang* drawing the attention of the tables next to us.

"Sorry," The waiter stated, in a flustered tone, "I , uh, here is your boob, uh food. Here is your food."

"Thank you," I replied, staring at the waiter. He became flustered again, dropping his notebook when he dropped his gaze from my chest and looked me in the eye. I began to laugh at his response.

"I think we are good," Brian stated, snapping the waiter out of his boob induced trance, "But I do want to reserve room 5 please."

"O... OK. Room 5, got it." Was all the waiter said before turning on his heels and almost running back to the kitchen.

"You left the poor kid speechless," Brian stated while moving his hand up and down my thigh, "Must be his first day."

We began eating, Brian had ordered a filet with baked potato and side salad. Everything was cooked perfect, but I couldn't concentrate on how anything tasted with Brian's hand on my thigh. As we ate he continued to move up and down my thigh, each time lifting my skirt and inching towards my pussy but never touching it.

By the end of the meal, I was so frustrated that a good wind was likely to bring my to orgasm. My nipples strained through the shirt and I often reached across the table and shifted in my seat just to feel my shirt rub against them. My clit continued to throb with each stroke of Brian's hand on my thigh and I could feel the dampness growing underneath me as if I was indeed sitting in a puddle.

"So what is in room 5?" I asked trying to ignore my body's need for release.

"We can go there for dessert if you want." Brian replied.

I looked at him quizzically, "Only if dessert means I get to cum."

"Guess you will have to come with me and find out." He stated. He got up from the table and put his hand out for mine to help me out of the booth.

As we began walking across the room, Brian's hand slid down the small of my back to my ass, giving it a squeeze. As we reached the door, Brian got out his key card to open it, and I turned around and noticed that almost every table was staring intently at us. Did they stare the same as the other couple who came out of their room, I wondered? I gave a smile as we walked inside.

The room dimly lit and had hardwood floors, but the walls to the left and the right were padded. The wall facing out was completely glass and you could see several skyscrapers across from us. There was a chaise on the left side of the room, a weird bench in the middle that looked like it belonged in construction if it wasn't padded, and a long dresser on the right wall that spanned the length of the wall.

"Soooo, is this some type of sex room or something?" I asked, walking back near the door, looking at the three light switches on the wall.

"It doesn't have to be. You don't have to just have sex in here, you can just play." Brian replied. "Each of those light switches do something different. The one on now keeps the lights low as we have it now, the middle will reverse the glass facing the dining room, and the last lights up the room."

"Reverse as in they can see in?" I asked, smiling, thinking about how fun it could be to see the one tables reactions.

"And that's.... allowed?" I asked while moving to the dresser.

"Yes Julie, it is 'allowed'" Brian stated using air quotes, "As I said, this place is selective, it is known that these rooms can do this when people join and make reservations. We can leave it as is and simply see the busy restaurant, or reverse it and allow them to also see in."

"And what about the glass facing out? Is it also reversible or see through?" I replied.

"Yes, it is also, though this late there usually is not anyone in those buildings aside from the one that has apartments." Brian led me by my hand, and bent me over the bench, feeling my ass. My body tensed at his touch, wanting him to continue, "But right now, you need to be taken care of."

I remained bent over as Brian began going through the dresser. He laid out what looked like a wooden paddle with bumps on it, a towel, some clamps with a chain on it, and a vibrator. All were wrapped and sealed in packages.

"Turn this way, take off your clothes, and kneel on this ledge here." Brian instructed, and led me up on the bench. I was facing out at the skyline. The bench part spanned my abdomen but my tits hung over the edge of it, and my ass was right at crotch level with Brian. My nipples perked up from the feel of the cool leather material on my body.

"This is a spanking bench," he explained, "You seemed to enjoy the previous spankings, so we are going to build on that before you get to cum."

"Are you going to flip the light switch?" I asked, my heart began to race again at the thought of being watched.

"That would be your choice Julie, do you want it flipped?" Brian asked, as he moved to the dresser, grabbed the chain and walked back over to me.

"If its allowed.... I kind of want to." I replied.

"I guess you will have to wait and see if I flip it or not." Brian stated while grinning at me, "These are nipple clamps, the chain connects to the bench here, and each clamp to a nipple. If you try to pull your body up they will pull and tug on your nipples."

Brian connected the chain to the bench, and then clamped each of my nipples. The sensation was light, and didn't feel like a lot of pressure, I didn't think they would really do much.

"If at any point you say no or stop, then I will stop. If you are uncomfortable, then you need to let me know. Do you understand?" Brian asked, as he began to rub my ass.

"I understand." I stated, moving my ass so it pushed onto his hand, enough to pull the chain on my nipples so it was tight but not yet pulling on me.

"Do you want me to continue?" Brian asked.

"Yes." I answered.

It felt like several minutes passed before Brian even touched me. I could hear him walking, almost as if pacing on the floor behind me, but he didn't touch me for several minutes. He then walked around to face me, grabbing a fistful of hair to pull my head back and pulled me into a deep kiss.

"Did you flip the switch?" I asked as he pulled away.

"If I told you, then that would ruin all the fun." He replied.

As he walked around to my ass, he trailed his hand down the small of my back, making my skin prickle with goosebumps. I felt his hands on my ass, massaging it, before one came underneath my belly, cupping my lips.

I moved my hips, needing him to touch my clit, it was swollen and needy for attention. I was met with refusal and Brian's hand simply continued to cup my lips holding them together, just enough to feel the pressure on my clit but not enough to cum.

*thwack*

My ass felt on fire as Brian's hand made contact. His other hand came up and began rubbing my ass where his other had just struck.

"You will count Julie." Brian stated firmly in a low voice, "I will spank you 15 times with my hand, and then 15 more with the paddle. If you cum before we finish, you will get 15 additional. Do you understand?"

Cum before he spanked me 30 times? There was no way I would cum without him touching me. Was he crazy or something?

*thwack*

"I believe I asked you a question Julie." Brian stated while gripping my chin in his hand, bringing my face up to meet his.

"Yes, I understand." I replied, sticking my tongue out at him.

"I see." Brian replied, then walked behind me.

He began striking me with his hand. The first five he would strike, and then rub my ass for a few seconds before delivering the next blow. By spank five, my ass was on fire, and the heat felt as if it was radiating through my body. As Brian continued, the last ten spanks were rapidly in succession, and I was beginning to feel why he said I couldn't cum, the throbbing in my clit had began to spread deep inside me, and with each spank I felt closer to orgasm.

Brian walk to my head again, and held my chin in his hand. "Good girl Julie, now time for the paddle."

I squirmed on the bench, my muscles began to remind me that I had stiffened up during the first round of spanks. I loosened slightly, resting my belly on the bench, and hanging my head, getting into a comfortable position. I wanted nothing more than for Brian to continue with his hand, to feel it touching me, just 15 more I reminded myself.

*Thwack*

My body stiffened instinctively from the sting of the paddle, and I recoiled my body. My jerky movements caused me to pull up on the nipple clamp chain, and a moan escaped my lips. Brian began to massage my ass again as I attempted to recover, reeling in all of the sensations. My ass was still on fire, my cunt dripping down my leg, and my nipples so sensitive that I began to wonder if I could cum from pulling on the chain alone.

"Remember, no cumming Julie." Brian reminded me, patting me on the ass, as if he could read my mind.

The second round of spanks went as the first. The first five were delivered slowly, with Brian rubbing my ass in between. With each blow of the paddle, no matter how hard I tried to stop it, my body responded by jerking upwards, pulling on the nipple chain. My knuckles began to turn white from my grip on the bench, trying to distract myself so that I didn't cum.

Brian went into the last ten paddle spanks. And began with giving them two at a time. By the second one, I felt like I was going to cum, and he stopped long enough to rub my ass that it brought me down from the ledge of orgasm. No sooner was I off the ledge, did he administer the next two spanks, bringing me teetering on the edge once more, ass on fire, cunt sopping wet, and nipples beginning to turn a shade of purple from the constant tug.

This continued, but after the second round of two I was almost floating, still gripping the sides of the bench. I began to hum a moan, in an attempt to stop myself from going over that edge into orgasm, when the clink of the paddle being sat on the dresser snapped me out of it.

I still felt floaty and looked up as I heard Brian walk over to me. He undid the nipple clamps. In inhaled sharply as my nipples began to throb and pulse as the blood flow returned to them.

"Turn around and sit on the bench." Brian stated as he rubbed my nipples and pulled me into a kiss.

I let out another moan in his mouth, as his fingers twirled my nipples a few more times. My nipples had never been so sensitive and I felt like I could orgasm right then and there if he continued.

I turned around and sat on the bench. The coolness of it felt comforting on my ass which I was sure was bruised by the way I clenched from the pain when I sat down. I looked over at Brian who had picked up the large wand vibrator and sauntered over to me. I gabbed the back of his head, pulling him down to kiss me, as my other hand began to unbuckle his belt.

Brian backed away slowly as I continued to grip his belt as it slowly pulled out of his pants. As he walked back towards me, he took the belt from my hand and foiled any attempts I made to unbutton his pants. I could feel him, rock hard, his pants tight against his cock.

"Fuck me, please?" I begged, as I traced the outline of his cock through his pants, with my fingers.

"Not yet baby," Brian stated, wrapping his belt around my leg, "That's for later."

He placed the wand vibrator flush against my clit and down along my thigh, then tightened his belt around it on my thigh so that it wouldn't move. His hands swiftly clasped the buckle. He turned to kiss me, as his hand slid up my thigh, my leg responded and pushed into his hand, wanting it to continue up its path.

My hand gripped the back of his head, not wanting to break our kiss, attempting to pull him closer to me. The vibrator coming alive on my clit made me pull away though. My breathing increased as I felt my orgasm coming on quickly.

Brian's hand didn't stop at turning on the vibrator, he continued up my thigh, sliding two fingers easily into my cunt. He began to slowly move his fingers in and out. He moved his head, which made me think the was going to kiss me again, but instead got close to my ear, and simply whispered "I flipped the switch."

My eyes darted to the glass wall and I immediately became aware of our audience as I sat there, spread eagle and close to orgasm. Brian's finger's picked up the pace, and he began putting more pressure, hitting my gspot. I looked over the tables, at each one, their eyes affixed on me. I felt my orgasm growing, and suddenly felt the need to pee.

"Need... to... stop," I got out in between heavy breaths, trying to stave off my orgasm, the last thing I wanted was to pee in front of an audience, "Bathroom."

"Oh no, we're going to keep going little one." Brian growled with a grin, continuing his pace.

No sooner did he say little one, I felt the orgasm coming... over and over. I moaned and bit my bottom lip as I came several times. Then suddenly my urge to pee left, and I gushed all over Brian's hand as I came hard one last time, squirting, my orgasm splashing all over Brian's arm and onto the floor.

Brian quickly turned off the vibrator. As he withdrew his fingers, my body clenched and quivered as the remnants of my orgasm still lingered in my muscles. While not breaking eye contact, Brian sucked on one of his finger's and then pushed his other finger into my mouth.

"See how you taste Julie," Brian stated, "Mmm, good girl."

Brian undid the buckle and removed the vibrator, walking it over and placing it in a plastic bin. My breathing was becoming more even but was still staggered. He brought over a towel, and I once again became aware of the audience, though most of them had returned to their meals already.

"No, I will do that," Brian stated as I attempted to take the towel from him to clean up. He was gentle and cleaned all around my legs, and then brought my clothing over and dressed me. I could feel the heat rise in my cheeks, blushing at the feeling of intimacy from being dressed by someone like I was little. He then kept my thong, sniffing it and placing it in his pocket while grinning at me.

"Do we need to get more towels to clean up?" I asked, grinning at the puddle on the floor.

"Nope, that is part of the package," Brian replied, winking at me while holding open the door.

We walked back to our table, and even the lady who was annoyed earlier appeared pleased, and winked at me as I walked by. We sat and began looking at the dessert menu as the waiter appeared with a platter of petite desserts.

"From table 2," the waiter stated, setting down the plate, "And... umm.. they wanted me, to umm, say .... good show."

No sooner had the words left his mouth, the poor guy scurried away tripping over his own feet heading back into the kitchen.

"He's definitely not going to last long here," Brian laughed at the site, "Though dinner is usually not so entertaining either."

We ate our dessert in quiet. Brian's hand randomly reaching over and stroking my thigh, and making me want to move closer to him. At the end of our meal we took the same elevator to the lobby which was eerily quiet. It was well past 11 pm and offices in the building were definitely closed.

We got into Brian's car, and as we drove I noted that we were going up instead of down to exit the parking garage. We stopped on the roof, and Brian parked the car in the corner of the lot.

"What are we doing now?" I asked.

Brian got out of the car, not saying a word. Walking over to my car door, opening it and motioning for me to get out.

"Ok...." I stated, looking at him quizzically.

He lead me to the edge of the building, we could see out over the city, only a few skyscrapers were taller than the parking garage. It was a beautiful site all lit up. Brian stood behind me, wrapping his arms around me and pulling me to his chest. I felt warm and safe in a way I hadn't in some time.

He then brought my hands to rest on the concrete barrier wall in front of me. Tracing his hands down my body, to my ass, and lifting my skirt. I could hear the clink of the buckle of his belt, and his zipper.

Brian leaned over me, I could feel his hard cock on my bare ass, and whispered, "I told you I would only fuck after I take a lady out to dinner. We've had our dinner, and now baby I will fuck you."

With his final words he pushed into my already swollen cunt. Everything was so incredibly sensitive from the nights events. I could feel every stroke both inside and outside of me. Combined with the view over looking the city and the cool, crisp air, it wasn't long before I could feel my orgasm building again.

"I'm going to cum." I moaned, looking out over the city and watching the people on the street below, if anyone looked up I'd definitely look like a crazy woman.

"Good," Brian growled, "So am I..."

Within a couple of strokes I could feel Brian's cum unloading deep inside me, warming my insides. I began to cum as well, my cunt tightening and milking Brian's cock from the inside, greedily wanting every drop.

Brian turned me around and held me to his chest, kissing my forehead. We stood there for several minutes before finally getting back into the car. The car ride back to my place was quiet, but in a good way. We held hands and played with each others fingers, there were no words needed.

We pulled into the parking lot, and Brian parked his car.

"You can just drop me off, it's ok, you don't have to come in." I stated. It was more for my benefit as I was too exhausted to do much more.

"Julie, that's not how I do things." Brian stated, as we walked towards the building, "stick around long enough kid and you'll see that."

We walked in unison to my apartment. Once inside Brian ran me a bath, undressed me, and helped me into it. We said nothing aside from Brian's brief instructions during each step. I sat in the tub, the hot water felt nice, melting the tension that had built up in my muscles that I didn't know was there.

Brian washed my body for me, not allowing me to do it for myself. Then helped me out of the tub, drying me off, and again dressing me in a long tshirt that I recognized as his that he had worn on some of our hikes.

"Brian, thank you for an amazing night.... but..." I said in a low whisper.

"But what?" Brian asked, as he walked me into my room.

"But I don't think I have any energy left for anything else tonight, I'm pretty tired." I replied drowsily.

"That means you will sleep good tonight." Brian replied, tucking me into bed, and kissing me on the forehead. "My tshirt will cuddle you and keep you company tonight, dream of me baby, and I will talk to you tomorrow. Sleep well."

I laid there, fighting myself to stay awake, as Brian's words faded and the last thing I saw was him leaving my room, and the sound of my apartment door closing. I drifted to sleep with the biggest grin on my face and the memories of the day in my head.

