HUSBAND'S FRIEND

This is a true story about a friend, by name Vijay. We used to drink
together many times after work and he used to go home drunk. One day
he was much too high after a party and I took him to his home. His
wife opened the door and all the effect of the alcohol I had drunk
was gone in a second the moment I saw her. She was like an angel.
Very smooth skin, big boobs, long hair and sexy smile. Since Vijay
was fully out, I was holding him up and taking him inside his
bedroom. She was not surprised at the scene, since she was used to
it. That was the day I decided to fuck her.
While I was going back after leaving him inside the bedroom I gave
his wife a naughty smile, to which she responded very positively.
After that day I talked to her couple of times over the phone but
never got any indications that she ever told about my phone calls to
her to Vijay.
To cut a long story short, I made Vijay plan one drinking session at
his home and he agreed. This was that fortunate Saturday when I
reached his place and he was ready with lot of drinks. There was a
live cricket match that day. We kept chatting and drinking. I drank
only beer and he was on whisky.
His wife Aditi was giving constant indications that she wanted
something. After some time he went to the kitchen and I went straight
to Aditi. She smelled great. Our eyes met and I caught her by her
neck and kissed her passionately on her lips and licked her entire
mouth. One of my hands was touching her tight firm boobs. She wanted
all of me inside her but was afraid her hubby would be back.
She pushed me back and said, "Not right now; wait a while."
I went out of the kitchen and sat in front of the TV as if nothing
happened.
After sometime we three were sitting on the dining table in such a
way that Vijay and Aditi were sitting facing each other and I was
sitting in the side. My legs were in between both of them. Suddenly I
felt Aditi's legs touching mine. I was excited. I too started
responding. I took my foot and placed on top of her foot and started
moving upwards. She was wearing a cotton sari and I kept moving my
feet slowly up inside her sari. After a while I reached her ankle. My
tool was very uncomfortable by this time. Suddenly Vijay went to the
toilet again since he was drinking a lot. I took this as golden
opportunity and inserted my hand inside her sari and started feeling
her soft inner thighs.
"Oh," she started moaning, "Ah aha," and started pulling my hand
deeper inside.
I made her to stand and I went down on my knees. I inserted both my
hands inside her sari from below and took them right to her ass
cheeks. I kissed and licked her naval and in one stretch I pulled her
panties from inside her petticoat to her knees.
She resisted saying, "Not right now," but I pulled them right down
and took them off her legs. I then stood up and raised the T-shirt I
was wearing and put the panties inside my pants. I had a huge bulge
in my pants. I made her to sit down on the chair and took my bulge in
front of her face and pulled her face near my throbbing tool inside
my pants and made her feel it all over her cheeks. She was aroused to
the core, did not have any panties on under her sari and had my tool
right near her lips. Suddenly her husband came out of the toilet and
we sat back in the same position he left us. Not knowing that his
wife's panties were now inside my underwear, he started talking and
drinking more alcohol. After some time and couple of more drinks he
was not fit to stand up on his own. I offered to give him help to get
to the sofa where he wanted to lay down, but he refused and fell down
on the floor after taking three or four steps. I took him to the sofa
and made him to sleep there.
Aditi was standing behind the sofa and watching everything. I came
behind Aditi and touched her on her ass. She smiled and bent down to
see how Vijay was feeling from the back of the sofa. I immediately
sat down on the floor so that Vijay could not see me and inserted my
hand inside Aditi's sari from the bottom and started feeling her soft
legs. She opened her legs in response and bent some more forward so
that I could touch her clean-shaven pussy from behind. Now I did the
most daring things of all. I raised her petticoat and sari and
inserted my face right inside them. The smell of her cunt was making
me mad and I wanted to eat it all.
After a while I stood up and she asked me to help her taking Vijay to
the bedroom, which I did. I went outside the bedroom and waited for
her to come out. My tool was throbbing by this time. She came out and
I hugged her and touched my bulge on her body. She told me to wait
until she had confirmed that her husband was deep asleep and went
inside the bedroom again. This time she switched off all the lights
in the living hall and kitchen. The only light on was night lamp in
her bedroom. I was waiting outside the bedroom and watching her from
outside. She opened the closet and took out her nightie. She started
removing her sari and I was thrilled to watch her go naked. She
removed her petticoat and blouse too. Now she was only in her bra
since I had her panties in my pants. To my surprise she removed her
bra too and was completely nude, standing just steps away from me.
Her tits were dark and round. She was kind of teasing me raising her
hands, touching her breasts, showing all her curves and peeping
towards bed to see if her husband was sleep. After a few minutes of
show she put on a cotton nightie and came out of the bedroom after
confirming that her husband was fast asleep.
I took her to the living room in a dark corner and lifted her nightie
and took it off her body. Now I was very softly and gently touching
her all over her body.
She said, "do it harder  ah," and pressed my hand on her boobs.
But I touched her very softly to tease her more. I made her to sit on
the sofa and I sat down on my knees. I started licking her one leg
starting from her ankle and moved towards her pussy. I kept on
licking her thighs and took my mouth very near to her cunt lips but
skipping only the cunt I moved over to the other leg. This made her
go wild and she started begging me to lick her. She said her husband
never did this, but I wanted to tease her some more.
I first put my tongue out to the fullest extent and placed it on her
cunt. She started jumping in pleasure. She raised her hips and arched
her body to offer me more of her cunt but I kept moving my head away
in such a way as to just touch her cunt lips with my tongue. She was
making all kind of faces but dared not make noise. Now I started
sucking her clit and watched her facial expressions of lust, pleasure
and desire. She caught my hair and pressed my head very closed to her
pussy. I inserted my tongue deep inside her hole and started making
horizontal vibrations with my tongue inside her pussy lips.
After sucking her cunt for quarter of an hour and drinking her cum
twice, I stood up and opened my pants buttons. She sat and pulled my
pants and underwear down together. My cock sprang in up right in
front of her lips. She removed her soft silky panties, which were
still hanging from my erect pole. She wrapped both her hands around
my dick and started stroking each inch of it. She took the whole
seven inches in her wet and warm mouth, which gave me intense
pleasure.
I put one of my legs on the sofa where she was sitting and held her
head very tight with both my hands and started thrusting my cock deep
into her throat. She was almost choking but she liked the wildness. I
kept hitting her throat deep with my shaft. I took my cock out of her
mouth since I wanted it to last longer. I caught her by her hair,
made her to sit on the floor, and put my balls right in front of her
face. I still had one leg on the sofa, which gave enough space
between my legs for her face to fit and lick my balls. I was doing
very wild acts, which she seemed to enjoy.
I started taking my shaft down her body and touching each part of her
body with it. I touched it on her neck, on her boobs and finally I
pointed it to where it was craving to go. Her pussy was so wet that
it took just one thrust for the whole length of it to go inside. Once
it was inside I started fucking like an animal. I kept digging her
cunt till it started watering and became loose.
When I realized I was about to cum, I started pumping her hard and
then unload my cum in her cunt. We just lay there on the floor for
some time and then she asked me to go. When I left I took her panties
with me, and I still have them.