The corruption of Patty begins.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 41 - Matchmaker (MF, cons, magic, mc, nc, impreg?, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Beatrice?"

"Yes."

"The ghost?"

Beatrice's green eyes looked at me from Vicky's face, hurt. "I am a person, thank you very much!"

I held out my hands in an attempt to mollify her. "Yes, of course you are, but...you're...dead, right?"

Now she looked uncomfortable. "Well, yes..."

"And you...possessed Vicky's body and came up here to...have sex with me?"

Beatrice sexily nibbled Vicky's lower lip. "Umm...I could feel her connection to you, and her body was already stimulated. I was going to come up here to talk to you, but when I saw you only wearing undergarments, well..."

I palmed my forehead. "Beatrice! Vicky didn't consent to this! I thought she was letting me cum inside her because she was safe, or on the pill. Shit!" I struggled to think back to when Vicky and I had our sauna encounter...she said it hadn't been a safe day for her then...was that 6 weeks ago? 7? That should mean that she was safe right now, but I also didn't know her cycle. I sat down, my head in my hands.

"I'm sorry, Tom..." Beatrice tried to put her arms around my shoulders but I shrugged her off. "...oh."

"Why are you here?" I asked her. "I thought you went to Heaven or something after the B&B." That was when the ghost and I had had sex, and she disappeared right after.

"I faded, but then I was here. I think I was inside you, but not like I'm inside of Vicky now."

I turned to her. "Has anything like that happened before?"

"No. After I died, I didn't actually have any substance until you were with me in my old bedroom, and you were so warm..." She reached out for me again.

I got to my feet and pulled my boxers on. "Look, Beatrice, you have to give Vicky her body back. This isn't fair to her...I'll try to explain to her that she sleepwalked up here or something, and maybe she can go get a morning after pill..." At her confused look, I elaborated, "It's a medicine to keep her from getting pregnant."

"Amazing!" she responded. "How many years has it been since I died? It was 1824."

My eyes got wide. "Almost 200! Beatrice, please..."

She pulled on her robe and looked uncomfortable. "So much time...I...I will leave her..." She closed her eyes.

I waited. I didn't know if I'd see the ghost leave Vicky's body or not, but after a few seconds I asked, "Vicky?"

Her eyes opened, still green. "It's not working!"

---

"I have an idea!" Patty exclaimed as she jumped about, full of excitement.

Eros watched his mistress' bubbly body bounce with interest. "What's your idea?"

"You can control minds, right?"

"With limits, yes."

"C'mon!"

A few minutes later, Patty was knocking at the door across the street. "The couple that live here are just roommates..." she began.

Eros gave her a grin. "Oh my doG, they're roommates."

"Heh! You're getting the hang of the memes, Eros. Anyway, they've been friends since high school..."

The door opened and an average but cute twentysomething ash blonde woman stood there. "Hi, Patty! What's up?"

"Hi Chrissie! I brought Eros over to meet you and Abel." She directed her friend's attention to her demon, currently in human form.

The woman did a double-take. "Whoa! Um, did anyone tell you that you look like Fabio, Eros?"

He rolled his eyes. "All the time, Chrissie. Patty seems to like it."

"I'll bet she does." The blonde gave his meaty masculine form a second look. Patty had scored way above her station, she thought. "Uh, come on in! Abel, we have company!" she called out.

An average-looking brown-haired young man, looking about the same age as Chrissie, came around the corner, drying his hands with a kitchen towel. "Oh, hey, Patty...and Fabio?"

"Eros." The men shook hands in a manly way, and Abel gave his hand a pained flex afterward.

Soon they were sitting in the living room, Chrissie and Abel on the couch with Patty and Eros in wing chairs across from them. "I came over to help you guys," Patty explained.

"Help us?" Abel asked.

"Yeah! Do it, Eros."

"Look over here," the demon commanded them.

As one, both Chrissie and Abel looked over to see Eros' glowing eyes. Also as one, their jaws went slack as they fell under his spell.

"You will do whatever Patty says," Eros commanded them. "Okay, Patty, go for it."

"Abel, you need to confess your feelings to Chrissie."

The man turned to his roommate and took her hands in his. "Chrissie, I love you...I've always loved you...I just never found the courage to say it before."

"Now you, Chrissie." Patty was fairly vibrating in her chair.

Chrissie pulled her hands back into her lap. "I don't feel the same, Abel...I care about you as a friend, and I don't want to mess that up."

"What?" Patty was staring at Chrissie. "But you love each other."

"Ehh," Chrissie responded with a tilt of her head.

Abel sat there, looking like someone had just shot his dog.

"No...no...." Patty whimpered, "...this was supposed to be great, just like a romance novel where something brings the two soulmates together. I was supposed to be that something!"

Eros watched with amusement. "So do it."

She turned to him. "What?"

"Be that something. You're in charge here," he explained to her, "what did you expect they'd do next?"

She looked back at the mismatched couple. "They were supposed to kiss."

Abel and Chrissie looked at each other, uncertain.

"So..." Eros prompted his mistress.

"You two...kiss!"

Chrissie and Abel kissed, a quick, chaste peck of their lips.

"No...with tongue, long and sensuous." The couple did so. "Yeah, like that. Keep kissing. Um, Abel, put your hand on her boob."

"Mmph!" Chrissie gasped into Abel's mouth.

"Chrissie, start rubbing his crotch."

Patty started to really get into it, moving around the couch to direct each step of the action. Soon, both Abel and Chrissie's tops were off and he was kissing her cleavage. Chrissie's pleading eyes followed Patty. Patty saw and stopped. "Don't look at me like that!" Immediately, Chrissie looked back down at Abel as he unfastened her bra, freeing her B-cup breasts, and he took one of her hard nipples into his mouth, making her gasp.

"I know you'll like it once you start," Patty reasoned with them, thinking about all the sex she'd had with Eros since she had summoned him. At first the demon had scared her, but orgasms had a way of making you like and trust your partner, and he was very good at making her cum. She just had to get her friends going. "Okay, all clothes off!"

"You're doing so well, Patty," Eros said as he came up to cup her breasts from behind. She could feel his hard cock pressing between her buttcheeks. He quickly unfastened her jeans and pulled them down, taking her underwear along for the ride. Then he bent her over the back of the couch.

"Unnh!" Patty moaned as Eros' member slipped inside her hot, syrupy insides. "You two, same position as me and Eros, just on the cushions. Ohfuuck..."

Eros thrust hard into Patty as Chrissie, now naked, bent over the arm of the couch. Abel quickly lined his below average cock up and thrust into her. "Mmh!" Chrissie groaned as her friend penetrated her.

"Yes...yesss..." Patty moaned as she watched them fuck. This was what she wanted. Those two belonged together, she assured herself. "Nngkk! H-ahh!" She orgasmed as the head of Eros' cock slipped along her G-spot.

"Huff...huff..." Abel moaned as he slammed into Chrissie.

"Huhh...huhh..." Patty sighed as she came down from her cum. "Don't stop, you two...so hot...oh shit, gonna cum again..."

Abel thrust faster into Chrissie, and as Patty cried out in pleasure once more, he roared out his own release, shooting his sperm deep inside his roommate's unprotected pussy.

"Nooo..." Chrissie moaned in despair. "Not inside..."

"Erh! Arh!" Abel cried out as he continued to thrust, injecting spurt after spurt of his dangerous cum inside her. He only paused for a moment before ramping up his thrusts once again.

"Patty, pleeease..." Chrissie moaned. "You said don't stop..."

"Huhh?" Patty mumbled, her own brain mushy from her second orgasm. "Oh...you can stop."

Abel pulled out and fell back to the cushions, sperm dribbling from the tip of his dick. Several thick drops dripped out from Chrissie's pussy onto the couch.

Chrissie stood up and examined the mess. "I'm not on the pill! I don't even like sex. Oh, this is terrible!" She ran out of the room crying.

"Hot!" Eros said before grunting, "Hah!" Then his hot cum doused Patty's insides.

"Oh!" Patty exclaimed as she felt another, smaller orgasm blow through her. "Uhhuh..." Then Eros pulled out and she pulled her panties and jeans back up.

Abel looked at her. "I'm really happy, Patty, but Chrissie...I don't think she'll forgive you for this."

"Oh no!"

"Easy peasy, Patty," Eros told her. He had materialized clothes onto his body again. "Just tell them that we left before the sex started, and that it was their idea."

She looked at him. "But..."

"Yes?"

"That's not right."

"Not right like forcing your friends to have sex?" He swept his hand across the living room. "You'd prefer to lose their friendship over a misunderstanding?"

"I...no..."

"Chrissie, get back in here," Eros boomed out. The naked woman walked back in, using her arms to try to cover her nakedness. He turned back to Patty. "Well?"

"You...you both remember us leaving before you decided to have sex," she said with tears in her eyes. "It...was your choice to do it."

"Yes, Patty," both Chrissie and Abel responded, unmoving.

"And now we take our leave," Eros advised his mistress, directing her to the front door. "The hypnotic effect will wear off after we're gone, but those last commands will remain."

Back in her home, Patty sat with her head in her hands. "I wanted a romance novel, but that was more like a...porn video! I'm a porn director!" She ran into her bedroom and slammed the door.

Eros sat on the couch for a while, thinking. Porn director...there was something there...an interesting concept. He opened up Patty's laptop.

---

"Unnh! Uhh! Oh, Shawn-sama!"

Shawn was taking Eudora hard from behind. He wasn't normally so forceful, but she knew that he was overcompensating for what he perceived as a loss of face earlier with the imposing Enforcer. He smacked the human anime character's ass.

"UHH!" he cried out as he shot his wad inside her. Then he rolled off of her. "Tell me about your daughter," he demanded.

Eudora sighed. Once again Shawn-sama had cum quickly, leaving her unfulfilled. Her body began to consume the sperm that he had left inside her. "Demie is living with her master a few miles away. She's been topside for over a year now."

"And your son? Eros, you said?"

She turned to her master. "Yes, Eros. He's always been a rule breaker. As I told the Enforcer, I don't know where he is, Shawn-sama."

Shawn's mind worked furiously. He knew how things worked in anime. "You said I'm your Master, so you do what I tell you, right?" She nodded. "How far does that go? What won't you do?"

"Nothing, Shawn-sama...you spoke the words and made the sacrifice to the flame...I am yours."

Shawn smiled, and Eudora shuddered.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)