Awakening with a surprise - Part 1
iionly
Tue Apr 28, 2009 14:21
85.180.2.187

“Awakening with a surprise”, Part 1

by iionly



<Crash>...

‘What?’

<Bang>...

‘Oh please... Let me sleep. How late is it? Much too early to get up.’

But of course, Laura was awake now. The morning sun shining directly on her bed didn’t help either.

‘Damn shutters! Why did the hinge have to break down? And why does it take so long to repair it?’

Slowly she tried to open her eyes a little bit, blinked to adjust to the unwelcome brightness. Lying on her back Laura looked up at the white ceiling of her bedroom, yawned and stretched her arms over her head to shake the sleepiness off. The blanket was still wrapped around her legs so she tucked them up and kicked it away. Again she stretched her arms and pressed her palms against the headboard of her bed and simultaneously tried to reach the foot end with her sprawled out legs. But even by extending her ankles back as far as possible she didn’t reach it with her toes. At least she felt better now after completing her typical morning ritual.

Still lying on her back Laura began to wonder what had awakened her. Her eyes wandered from the ceiling down to the single window of her room. Something was wrong. She focused her eyes and looked again. There, standing outside her window and looking straight at her lying on her bed were two men. While the face of the guy on the left showed a shocked expression, the face of the other man was all smiles. As she looked totally astonished at these two men something else caught her eye. Directly in the line of sight between her head and the window she saw her body. It took only seconds until Laura realized it.

‘I’m naked! Why am I naked?’ … ‘These guys are seeing me naked!’

“Eeeww!”

Laura jumped out of her bed and dove for the door. After opening the door she was unsure for one second what to do, but then hurried on through the door on her right into the bathroom. Hastily she closed the door behind her, locked it and sagged to the floor.

‘Why am I naked?’ … ‘How can they look into my window? I’m living on the second floor. For God's sake!’

Then it came back. Last night she had gone out with Belinda. As both of them were students this wasn’t too unusual. While Laura normally didn’t go out during the week, she and Belinda always tried to go out together at least once at the weekends. Yesterday had been an exception to their normal routine as it had been a Tuesday. But Hannah, a mutual friend, had invited them both to a bar to celebrate her birthday. They had met Hannah there together with some of her fellow students. Laura and Belinda hadn’t known any of the others before, but it had been such a nice new bar and the cocktails hadn’t been too expensive either. She remembered Belinda and herself had been rather tipsy when they had returned to their flat. The weather had been sunny since the weekend. It was rather warm for the first time this year and as her room went southwards the temperature in her room had been comfortable even late in the evening. When she returned her room had been illuminated by the light of the stars, because the shutters had been removed for repair. So, Laura hadn’t turned the light on as she had undressed a bit unsteady on her legs. She had been searching for the panties and the big T-shirt she normally wore in bed, but it had seemed they had vanished. Standing naked in front of her bed she had debated if she should look for an alternative in her closet, when this stupid idea had come to her mind. She had never slept naked before, but it had seemed such a funny conception to her last night.

‘That damned alcohol! I will never drink again! I promise, I will never touch this stuff again!’ … ‘But... how can these guys be standing in front of my window?’

Laura looked up and for the first time in the last minutes became aware of her surroundings. She sat on the tiled floor in the bathroom and she noticed the tiles were cold. She stood up and stepped on the carpet runner in front of the basin. She listened for any noises from the outside of the house and noticed that there was a lot of hammering and chattering to be heard. And something else, too. She heard laughing and voices. Men were laughing, about her for sure, and it seemed there were even more than the two guys she already had met face to face in the backyard.

‘Oh my God! The window.’

Her eyes went to the bathroom window, her heart missed a beat. But the blinds were down fortunately. Laura breathed out relieved.

‘That would have been too much.’

And then it hit her at last.

‘These guys are building workers. They have built up some scaffolding.’

Laura frowned. She shouldn’t have forgotten this. After all, the reconstruction of the back house wall was overdue for two weeks. First they had demolished all the old balconies of the apartment building and left huge holes in the wall. Then the new balconies had been installed last week. These balconies were really nice, much larger than the old ones. They were prefabricated and free-standing. It had only lasted a day to built them up. Of course, Belinda and Laura had to grandly inaugurate their new balcony last weekend as the weather was playing along, too. And Laura also had removed the shutters on her bedroom window last weekend. After the hinge had broken the shutters had been dangling dangerously and had been on the verge of falling down any moment. She had spoken with the house owner and he had promised the hinge would get repaired in the course of the reconstruction of the house wall.

‘But why today of all times!’

Laura straightened herself and looked into the mirror above the basin. She looked into her own face; her eyes seemed twice as large as normal after the shocking awakening in the morning. Her blond dyed hair, usually properly combed in a pageboy style, was a mess. She turned the tap on and collected cold water in her hands before splashing it into her face.

‘What now?’

After she toweled off her face she reached for her hairbrush to sort out her hairdo.

‘As long as they work in front of my window I can’t go back to my room. And I’m so sure they are just waiting for me to return. I don’t want them to see me again. Never!’

Laura kept on thinking what to do and kept on combing her hair along the way, but no idea came to her mind. Then the door handle moved down, but the locked door didn’t open. Laura was startled.

“Laura, let me in.”

“Is that you, Belinda?”

“Who else? Let me in. What’s all that noise?”

“They are starting with the house wall.”

“Oh, that’s nice. Then the renovation’s finished soon. But please open the door now. I need to get in.”

“They woke me up this morning and...”

“Yeah, no surprise at all that noise. But let me in now! It’s urgent! Do I have to break the door or what?”

Resignedly Laura unlocked the door and Belinda opened it hastily.

“Hey, you’re naked!” Belinda said surprised.

“Well, yes. You won’t believe what...”

“Yes. Okay. Later. I really have to...”

Laura left the bathroom to Belinda who closed the door so fast it almost hit Laura in the back. Laura automatically reached for the door handle of her own room, but stopped abruptly.

‘No. Not my room.’

Instead she went into Belinda’s room. Their two bedrooms were of the same size. While Laura’s room pointed to the backyard, Belinda’s room pointed to the street in front of the house. It was a busy street with traffic all around the clock and the two girls had debated about who would get which room when they began the flat share. While one room was quiet the other was a little noisy. But the noisy room had one advantage as it provided the only access to a third small room. In the end the girls agreed on the rooms quite easily. While Laura was a light sleeper and wanted the room to the backyard, Belinda wanted the room to the street together with the small room. As Belinda had two large closets she was happy to have some extra room and moreover she was a sound sleeper.

Laura went to sit down on Belinda’s bed and realized that she was naked in this room for the first time. Getting self-conscious as she was reminded again of her nakedness she wrapped herself into Belinda’s still warm blanket.

“Hey, naked child! What a nice view in the morning. How did I earn this lovely sight?” Asked Belinda smiling as she returned from the bathroom.

“Say thanks, to these workers. They surprised me this morning.”

“They did what? They’ve seen you naked? You sleep naked?” Belinda was astonished.

“No. Yes... No, I don’t sleep naked... ah... I did it the first time last night. And I woke up and two guys were staring right through my window. They stared with their mouths open at me in my bed. How could they!”

“HAHAHA... you can’t hold it against them. I’m sure they don’t get such a nice diversion everyday at work. So, you slept naked for the first time? You should do it more often. I do it regularly, at least in summer.” Belinda said suppressing a laugh without success.

Laura’s eyes got wide as she heard Belinda’s statement. She looked at her as she stood in front of the bed in a dark red satin-gloss pajama top with sort sleeves and matching shorts. Belinda was half a head smaller than Laura, but in contrast to Laura’s rather slender figure Belinda had very distinctive buxom curves. Belinda had dyed her hair blond lately, too, but hers was lightly curled and reached down to the middle of her back. The two most striking features of Belinda’s face were her full lips, that gave her face a petite pouty expression, and her eyebrows. Belinda had plucked her natural eyebrows completely and had used an eyebrow pencil to draw nicely shaped eyebrows that gave her face an exotic appearance. Despite the blond hair Belinda’s dark complexion gave her an appealing Latin look. Laura had got to know Belinda only half a year ago when they moved into their flat, but she had noticed that men seemed to be completely enraptured when they met Belinda. But they seemed to be also partly frightened of her, because even though Belinda flirted heavily with many guys, she had had no steady relationship since Laura knew her.

“You sleep naked?” Laura asked.

“Not always, as you surely have noticed looking at me. But sometimes... yes. It’s a bit arousing to feel the blanket directly on the skin or the cool air. And nobody sees it anyway. Well, at least that’s the norm. But it seems some people want to be seen.” Belinda replied, the last bit in a teasing tone.

“No. I don’t want to be seen. I completely forgot the reconstruction last night. And I also didn’t know they would start today. Can you fetch me something to wear? I have to leave for my first lecture soon.” Laura pleaded.

“Why don’t you go for yourself in your room and dress? They won’t bite unless you open your window.”

“No. I can’t. I just can’t let them see me again. It would be so embarrassing. And there are more than these two there. The others will want to see me, too. I just can’t go over in my room. Please! You just have to get me some clothes and my backpack.”

“Okay, okay. I will do it, but it will cost you.” Belinda said smiling.




Awakening with a surprise - Part 2
Tue Apr 28, 2009 14:22
85.180.2.187

“Awakening with a surprise”, Part 2

Belinda went into the other room without hesitation and left Laura speculating about this last remark. Belinda had been away for some minutes already when Laura began to wonder why she hadn’t returned, yet. She walked over to the door and listened for any sound out of her room. She only heard a muffled conversation, but it seemed that Belinda was talking to the workers. Laura even heard her laughing. Finally, she heard the door to her room open and quickly retreated to the bed, not wanting Belinda to know how nervous she was. The door to Belinda’s room opened and Belinda entered the room with Linda’s backpack and a pile of clothes.

“Here, my lady. Would you deign to robe now?” Belinda began to say in a grave tone, but destroyed the impression by bursting into laugh at the end.

“Why did you have to talk to these guys?” Laura couldn’t hold back the question, “If anything you don’t have to encourage them staring into my window.”

“Oh, stop it. They’re harmless. They just asked me when the beautiful early bird would come back. And I just told them it has flown away. Or would you like to return to your nest now?”

“No. They will wait for me more than ever now. Just give me my clothes. I really should hurry up now.”

Belinda placed the backpack and the clothes on her bed and Laura immediately started to look to see what Belinda had chosen for her to wear. At once she noticed that something was missing.

“There’s no underwear. I need a bra and panties. You forgot to bring them.”

“Considering your first time naked sleeping, I thought you might want to continue your newfound freedom and go commando today.”

“What’s that for a stupid idea! I never would do such a thing.”

“Oh come on. It’s easy and so refreshing. I do it regularly, at least in summer.”

“Please, wasn’t it enough to get discovered for once in a day? Please get me some underwear.”

“Nope. I told you it would cost you if I got you something to wear. Now then, that’s the price. I dare you to go commando.”

Laura had never been dared before to do anything and wasn’t sure how to react. She thought that maybe she should check first what other clothes Belinda had brought her. Maybe she could first dress and then get some underwear.

“And don’t even think about fetching some underwear later!” Belinda said with a wicked grin, “I’ve locked the door to your room.”

Laura was completely astonished hearing that. She would have never guessed Belinda doing such a thing. She began to realize that today was not really her lucky day and tried to accept her fate as she grabbed the clothes on the bed. Belinda had brought her a skirt. Her shortest skirt, Laura noticed. It was a light blue pleated tennis skirt. She put in on. It may be not the shortest skirt in the world, but it ended fairly above her knees and showed a lot of her thighs. In her opinion it was much too short to wear without underwear and she had never intended doing so when she had bought this skirt. Even worse, the skirt’s hem was loose-fitting, a typical tennis skirt, and would flap up if she made an unlucky movement and didn’t pay attention. The top was just the opposite, not loose-fitting but tight. Belinda had brought her one of her older T-shirts. She had had this T-Shirt since she had been a young teenager. It still looked quite new and the blue color harmonized with the skirt. But it was really tight now and left some of her midriff bare.

“I can’t wear that shirt. I haven’t for years. It’s much too small.” she begged.

“Nonsense. It looks hot. And I won’t discuss it.” Belinda answered firmly.

At last Laura looked at what shoes Belinda had brought her.

‘Oh no. Not these.’

Laura saw her only pair of high heels lying on the bed. She had bought them for her prom. The heels were three-inch angle-strap sandals made of black leather that had matched her prom dress so nicely, but she now felt they left so much of her feet uncovered as she closed the straps sitting on Belinda’s bed. Laura hadn’t worn these shoes, or any other heels for that matter, in years, so she felt a bit unsteady now as she rose.

“Wow. You look incredible hot. The boys will kissing your feet today and the Profs probably, too. But now hurry. You’re already late.” Belinda said as she grabbed Laura’s arm, handed her the backpack and shoved her to the door of the flat.

Laura had no time to resist and only after the door banged shut behind her she came to her senses again. She looked down on herself and saw the tight T-shirt that left nothing to the imagination regarding the size and form of her breasts. Further down she saw the short skirt and her long uncovered legs down to the black high heels.

‘I can’t do this. I can’t be seen in this outfit at Uni.’

She opened her backpack to look for her keys, but after a feverish search she realized that the keys were not in it. She turned to the door of her flat and pressed the doorbell. A few seconds later she pressed again.

“Coming. Who’s there?” Belinda answered.

“It’s me, Laura. Please open the door. I just can’t leave the house the way I’m dressed.”

“I suspected that would happen. Therefore, I took the keys from your backpack. I know you have lectures until late afternoon. I won’t open this door until then. Have a nice day, Laura.”




