I was relaxing in the summer sun reading a book while sitting on my deck. It was early evening and the sun was still well above the horizon. It was so relaxing that I almost drifted off to sleep just sitting there. Suddenly I was jerked awake by the shrill ring of my phone.
"Chris, its Emily. I can see that you need some coffee before you fall out of that chair."
"Where are you," I asked looking around quickly.
"I'm in my kitchen watching you through the window. I've just put on a fresh pot of coffee and a couple of girls from work are coming over. Why don't you join us in about 20 minutes?"
We said our good byes and I went into the house to do a quick refresh. Emily and I had shared more than just coffee and conversation. Both of us were unattached. Of course we had our separate lives but one particular evening a few months back we were both in a bar and ended up splitting off from the people we were with to spend time with each other. We drank and talked all night and before we could blink it was closing time. Where had the evening gone? Neither of us was able to drive so we hailed a cab and headed for home. Emily seemed a little anxious and couldn't sit still.
"What's wrong?" I asked. She leaned over and whispered in my ear 'I have to pee'. I held her hand and told that we would be home in a few minutes. She pressed her thighs together and was biting her lower lip in agony. Her skirt had ridden up and the muscles of her white creamy legs stood out as she focused on suppressing her urge to pee. We rounded the corner and pulled up outside her house. Before the cab came to a complete stop, Emily was out the door and running up her driveway. I paid the cabbie and went to make sure she was ok. When I reached the front door I noticed that it was still locked and then I heard a noise from the side of the yard. I walked over and there was Emily with her panties around her ankles, her skirt pulled up around her waist, squatting and peeing by the bushes. She was facing me and I could clearly see the stream of piss jetting from between her open thighs. Although it was late, in the glow of the street lights there was no hiding the fact that she was also shaved. The stream of piss slowed to a trickle and Emily looked up to see me standing in front of her.
"I couldn't unlock the door and I had to pee so badly." She made no attempt to hide her nakedness and extended her hand for me to help her stand up. She dropped her skirt and stepped out of the panties. Picking them up she smiled and held them up for me to see the wet spot where some pee had soaked the crotch. "Not too bad," she said. "I almost lost it when I tried to put the key in the door. I couldn't wait any longer and so voila I did the nature thing."
As we stood close together in the shadows of the yard I reached out and took the panties from her hand. Placing them close to my nose I inhaled the aroma of her hot cunt mixed with fresh piss. Emily didn't seem the least bit annoyed and she pressed her body against mine. The panties were still against my face as she took my hand and guided it between her legs. What she didn't know at the time was that I have a passion for woman's panties. I slipped the panties into my pocket; they would be put to good use later.
"Come inside," she whispered.
As we entered the house I headed straight for the bathroom but before I could do anything Emily told me not to go just yet, fair was fair, I had watched her pee so she wanted to watch me. Her bedroom had a large king size bed and a full ensuite. Emily grabbed me and pushed me onto the bed. She stood and slowly took off her blouse and skirt. She was not wearing a bra and as I had her panties in my pocket she was deliciously naked. Her breasts were full and wonderfully round with firm pointed nipples. I now had a clear view of her smooth pussy and couldn't take my eyes away from the puffy lips of her cunt. Emily stepped back and walked to the bathroom. I quickly followed shedding my clothes along the way. By the time I caught up all I had left on were my plain old boxers. Emily looked at them and told me to get rid of the boxers and put on her piss wet panties instead. When Emily told me to put on her wet soiled panties I was in heaven. Emily stepped into the tub and sat against the back wall. I couldn't help myself and started to stroke my dick which was sticking out the side of the tiny bikini panties. I was too hard to piss and needed to cum first. Emily spread her legs and started fingering her wet slit. She used her middle finger to probe the inner folds and rub her swollen clit. Changing hands she sucked the juices off her fingers before reaching for her breasts and playing with her nipples.
Emily watched me as I jacked myself in front of her. "Oh baby play with your cock. I love to watch you touch yourself. Play with your balls. I want you to roll them around in your hand. That's right now cum for me, shoot your cum over my tits."
I knelt on the edge of the tub and continued to furiously pound my meat just inches from her face and luscious breasts. Emily had two fingers stuffed in her cunt and was biting her lip in ecstasy. I let out a small groan and shot my hot sticky load all over her chest. The cum splashed on both breasts and some ended up on her chin as I rocked forward to squeeze out the last drops of sperm. Emily locked her thighs together as her orgasm consumed her tiny frame. I let go of my cock but remained kneeling against the tub. As my dick started to soften, my urge to pee returned and I looked at Emily who sensed what I was thinking.
"I want you to pee on me. I want you to piss all over my tits."
I took hold of my cock and started to pee. Quickly I directed the stream if piss so that it was cascading over Emily's tits. She reached up to cup her breasts and run her hands over them as I continued to empty my bladder. When I finished Emily reached over and grabbed by cock pulling me forward so she could kiss the tip of my dick. Then she lay back and let her body relax against the coolness of the tub. I knelt down on the floor and leaned forward to kiss her lips as she lay there in the after glow of what had to be one of the hottest sex experiences of my life.
I finished getting cleaned up and headed over to Emily's. Her girl friends had not yet arrived so the two of us discussed each other's day and our plans for the weekend. My mind drifted back to the last time we had gotten together and I smiled to myself.
"What are you grinning at?" demanded Emily.
"Nothing. I was just thinking about last week when we fucked our brains out at my place. I still have your panties but I'm not ready to give them back just yet."
"Have you soiled my panties you naughty boy."
"Yes I soiled your panties. I came all over them and more than once I might add. I love your panties and when I slip them on all I can think about is you."
Emily told me to follow her and we went into the bedroom. "Take off your pants and boxers" she said. Emily then went to her dresser and selected a very sexy thong and told me to put it on. I was rock hard and Emily adjusted my cock so that it was covered by the soft sensual fabric of her panty.
"You owe me for messing in my panties so when my friends get here you're going to do exactly what I tell you."
I wasn't concerned by the controlling tone that she used. We had done a little role playing in the past and each took turns being dominate and submissive. We weren't into heavy bondage or whips but a bit of ass spanking was known to occur.
"What do you have in mind?"
"I want you put on a bit of a show for us. If I know Alice and Carol they'll cream themselves to watch you play with your cock. If you're good I'll bet they'll give you their panties too."
It took me about two seconds to agree. I put my pants back on and we went back to the kitchen to wait for Carol and Alice. I had softened a bit but the feel of Emily's panties around my smooth shaved cock was exquisite. Alice was the first to arrive and we were introduced. A few minutes later Carol showed up and we all went into the kitchen for coffee and small talk. I wondered how Emily was going to get things going and how receptive the girls would be to a cock show. I didn't have to wait long.
"Who wants some liqueur in their coffee? Everyone said yes and Emily brought back some Bailey's and a type of chocolate liqueur. "I love chocolate and this one is especially good on hard cock." said Emily.
Alice nearly spit her coffee across the room and Carol went wide eyed. I laughed and added that chocolate was one of my favorite as well. Emily didn't react at all.
"I love to pour a little around the head and lick it off like I was licking an ice cream cone."
Alice had regained her composure but she was slightly flushed. In a whisper she said 'me too'.
Carol, however, was game and she wanted to know what my personal preferences were when a woman wanted to lick something off my cock. "If a woman wants to add some spice to sex I'm all for it. I have a few things that I particularly like but I would need to know if you were receptive before I could get too descriptive."
Emily said, "I know some of the things you like, how about I tell them?"
Carol and Alice were both keen to hear Emily tell them all about my little sex quirks and to tell the truth so was I.
"Well don't keep us waiting," said Carol.
"Yes but we also want to know how you know," added Alice.
"First I want you to know that Chris has a great cock and if you're interested he's agreed to show it to you. But you've got to make worth his while." Both girls began to squirm a little and Alice, who had on a little summer dress, had parted her legs slightly giving me a clear view of her yellow panties. My cock had started to stiffen and the bulge in my slacks was very noticeable.
"Here's a little treat to see how far you want this to go." Emily then unzipped my fly and opened my pants so that the girls could see the panties I was wearing. "These are mine and I dressed him in the just before you arrived."
"Oh my god," said Carol. "I've never seen a man wear panties. I definitely want to see some more."
Alice's eyes were glued to my crotch. Without saying a word she stood up and pulled her dress up to her waist. She then slipped her hands into the waist band of her panties and slid them down her legs and over her feet. Handing them to me she asked "Will you model these for me?"
I took them and held them to my nose to breathe in the strong aroma that emanated from the moist crotch of Alice's panties. They were a lovely shade of pale yellow and had a lace mesh front and a full satin behind. Emily stepped in front and dropped my slacks to the floor so I could just lift each foot and they were history. She then stood by my side and ran her hand over my panty covered cock while she looked at Alice and Carol.
"If you want him to model your panties, you'll have to dress him so they're just right." She held out her hand and Alice took it and stood beside Emily. Alice then knelt down in front of me and she and Emily slipped off the thong and handed it to me. Alice then admired my cock and asked if she could touch it. Of course I said yes and I told her that I would do anything she wanted, all she had to do was tell me what she wanted to see or do and I'd be her panty slave. Alice wrapped her hand around my cock and stroked it like an expert. After a few minutes I handed her the panties so I could step into them and Alice pulled them over my hips and adjusted the front to cover my cock. She wasn't quite ready to stop what she had started and she massaged my cock through the front of her pretty yellow panties.
"That looks like fun, can I try it too?," asked Carol. Without waiting for a reply she came over and stood on my left and placed one hand on my ass and the other around my balls. I could tell that this was going exactly as Emily had wanted and she stepped back to watch her two friends play with the cock of a guy they had met only an hour ago. Everyone was so mesmerized by what was going on that no one heard the door open until a male voice said "Well, well what do we have here?"
"Gerry! What are you doing here?," cried Emily.
"I was just in the neighborhood and decided to drop in and say hello. You really should chain your door if you don't want surprises. So who is the lucky guy and his two cute friends?"
"This is Chris, Alice and Carol. God Gerry you really should have called first but since you're here you might as well stay and enjoy the show." After Emily introduced us to her brother things went a little cool. The glow had disappeared and I was losing my firm appearance. Emily suggested that we all move to the living room where it was more comfortable and intimate. I was still somewhat unsure of the situation but as Emily led us into the living room she whispered not to worry and gave my cock a squeeze.
"Gerry is a bit of a voyeur and I know that he like to watch" said Emily.
"Its like going to the peelers but this is better," replied Gerry. "Please don't mind me I'll be as invisible as a ghost."
Emily took over and started thing moving again by standing behind me and unbuttoning my shirt so the others had an unobstructed view of my pantied cock. She then removed the shirt and slid her hands over my chest and down to my crotch. By now I was hard again and Alice told me to step closer and model the panties so she could see just how sexy they were. I stood in front of Alice and Emily sat down across from her brother and parted her thighs slightly. I noticed Gerry steal a quick glance at the cleft between Emily's legs and Emily was looking directly at him to gauge his reaction. All Gerry did was smile but I noticed a growing bulge in his pants. Carol noticed as well and went to sit beside Gerry on the sofa.
"I want you to play with your beautiful cock" said Alice. "I want to see you stroke it and make it cum in my panties."
"Do it" said Emily. "Put on a show for all of us. Do you want to see Chris's cock Gerry? Do you want to watch him jack off?"
Gerry just nodded and Carol slid her hand over the bulge in his pants giving his cock a squeeze. "He seems to like what he sees so far" she said.
I slipped my cock out the side of Alice's panties and started to masturbate. I was really excited and didn't think that I would last too long before shooting my load. As I stood there every inhibition I ever had melted away and I had one aim and that was to put on the best show I could for Emily. She was looking directly at me and I caught her eye. Without saying a word we both knew that this was exactly what we both wanted. Meanwhile Alice had removed her skirt and started to play with her wet pussy. She slipped two fingers into her cunt and was frantically rubbing her swollen clit. With her other hand she massaged her breasts through her blouse. Her eyes were closed and suddenly she gave a low moan and lifted her ass off the chair as the orgasm consumed her. Carol and Emily were shouting 'yes Alice, go Alice' and they started to applaud. Alice collapsed on the chair and I knew that I would be next if I didn't stop. Emily seemed to sense that I was close to cumming and she told me to come over to where she was sitting. She stood up and dropped her skirt leaving her in just her panties and a white tee shirt. I dropped to my knees and she sat back down with her legs spread wide.
"Lick my panties. Suck my pussy juice through my panties."
I buried my face between her parted thighs and ran my tongue over her panty covered quim. She was soaking wet and I love the taste of her cunt. Emily held my head firmly against her crevice as I sucked, nibbled and chewed on her quivering womanhood. Alice came over and started to squeeze Emily's breasts through her tee shirt. This was all she could take and Emily exploded into my wanting mouth. She held me against her until her orgasm subsided and I could feel her pussy pulsate against my lips.
Alice said, "You still owe us a show. I want to see you cum."
I stood up and started to stroke my throbbing erection. It only took about ten seconds for me to reach the point of no return and I came with such force that my sperm hit both Emily and Alice at the same time. Alice leaned forward and placed her lips over the head of my cock to suck out the last of my cum. We were all exhausted but suddenly we heard a noise coming from the sofa. Turning around we saw Carol's head moving up and down in Gerry's lap. Gerry's eyes were closed and he was gripping the side of the sofa as Carol gave him the best blow job he had ever received. Before we could say or do anything Gerry thrust his hips skyward and Carol almost choked as he came in her mouth. Not missing a beat Carol recovered and swallowed every drop.
We gave them a round of applause and went to sit down. Emily sat on my lap and Alice snuggled in beside Carol.
"Well," said Emily. "I have a whole drawer of sexy panties that Chris can model for us but next time I think Gerry should show us what he's got to offer."
Carol's hand was still on Gerry's cock and she said, "He can start with the pair I'm wearing now."
Gerry's eyes were still closed but he gave a small smile and nodded 'ok'. We all laughed and got ready for a panty filled evening of sexual fun.