Miranda And The Boys
by Pablocruz713

Miranda And The Boys Pt. 02

Miranda and the boys prepare for her next adventure.

The next day after Miranda's escapades was Sunday and she was awoken by a knock on her apartment door, her roommate had already left so she got up to answer the door. Wearing only a thin, white t-shirt and small, pink cotton panties she opened the door to find all four of her new friends standing outside, there was Ricky, Justin, Dan and Kyle. She invited them in and they started to explain their idea to help her expose herself. They said they were going to have a pool party at Justin's house and invite some friends.

She asked, "am I just going to be swimming around naked the whole time?"

"Not at first but eventually we will get you naked," answered Kyle.

She then asked, "what will I wear to start then?"

"We are going to take you shopping for a new swim suit," answered Justin.

"Ok, let me get dressed then," she said as she headed toward her bedroom, but when she looked back the boys were still lingering by the door so she waved at them to follow her. They all quickly caught up to her and followed her into her bedroom.

Once inside the room she quickly stripped off her t-shirt and the boys all stared intently at her then she finished stripping by removing her panties and dropping them on the floor. Standing in front of the guys totally nude she asked, "what do you want me to wear to go shopping."

"You want us to pick out your clothes, " questioned Ricky.

"Yes, you guys dress me today," she answered then added, "my clothes are in the closet and underwear is in the top drawer of the dresser."

"Underwear too," asked Dan

"What if we choose you wear no underwear today," challenged Kyle.

"It would be a lot sexier if I was wearing underwear when I strip for you later, " countered Miranda.

So Kyle and Justin went to the closet to pick out an outfit while Ricky and Dan looked through the drawer for sexy underwear. Kyle and Justin came back over to Miranda carrying a mid length black skirt and a very thin almost sheer linen blouse. This was the same outfit she wore to her interview for the receptionist job she was hired for.

The skirt does not appear too sexy at first glance as it comes down a little past mid thigh, but it has an upside down zipper on one side. The zipper allows the wearer to change the nature of the skirt from modest and business like to sexy or even very slutty. The blouse also if worn with a white bra and camisole is very respectable, but could be revealing otherwise. The way she wore this outfit to the interview was the modest business like way.

Shortly after Kyle and Justin brought over the skirt and top Ricky and Dan came over with a bra and panties. The bra was a bright red, lace bra and the panties were a lace thong in the same color. Miranda upon seeing the underwear choices knew right away they would be clearly visible under the shirt, but she told them they could choose.

Miranda proceeded to put on the thong and bra in front of the guys. She looked absolutely stunning in the red underwear. She then went on to model the underwear for the guys. Turning and posing to give them a view from every angle. Just like the yellow bra from yesterday the red one exposed half her breasts and her nipples were partially visible through the lace. The thong exposed her entire buttocks and just barely covered her shaved pussy.

She continued dressing by donning the skirt first and then the blouse. It was at this point that the guys became aware that the red bra was totally visible through the thin blouse. Kyle then reached down and zipped her zipper all the way up to the waist band exposing her entire thigh to them. The guys all smiled clearly pleased by their selections, but they weren't done yet.

"She needs shoes", said Justin.

"And stockings", added Kyle that prompted Ricky to dive back into the lingerie drawer and Justin headed to the closet. Justin came back with a pair of black high heel shoes and Ricky returned with a pair of black, thigh high, lace top stockings. Miranda slipped on the stockings and shoes then again did some turns and poses for the boys.

Kyle reached out and undid two more buttons on the blouse. Leaving four undone and showing an extreme amount of cleavage all the way down to the middle of the bra. The top of the stocking aligned with the slit was clearly visible but not on the other leg. She looked super sexy in her outfit and the boys were very proud of their handywork. After putting her hair in a big puffy ponytail they went out to the car and headed for the mall.

Once they entered the mall Miranda had the boys walk behind her a little so they could see other men looking at her. And look they did almost every male head turned to look at her and even some females too. Many of the men blatantly stared at her even some of the guys with their girlfriends which caused some fights. Miranda was loving the attention and her group of guys were bemused by all the stares and gawking she received.

Eventually they found a surf shop that sold swim suits and beach attire. Miranda once again let the boys be the stylists and after some debating they decided on three bikinis. The changing rooms in this store were in the back and separated from the main store by a partion. Miranda headed to the back and after beaconing the boys they all followed. She went to the very last change stall, all the stalls only had curtains for privacy. She went in and hung up the bikinis and turned around to close the curtain and Kyle said, "leave the curtain open."

She responded by saying, "Ok, but keep an eye out for any employees I don't want to get in trouble."

So instead of drawing the curtain she reached for the buttons on her blouse.

She undid the rest of the buttons which didn't take long since they were already half undone. She took off the shirt and hung it on a hook next to the suits. She then unzipped the skirt and slid it down her legs then placed it on the bench. Now standing in only her underwear she paused and peeked out of the stall to make sure nobody was coming.

Dan reassured her by saying, "don't worry we'll take care of you."

So she continued by unclasping her bra and slipping it off her shoulders and dropping it on the bench. Now she reached for her hips and eased the panties down to her ankles in one smooth motion eventually placing them on the bench. She kept her shoes and stockings on. The boys were seated directly in front of the stall and when presented with her naked body clad only in stockings and high heels felt she looked even sexier than yesterday when she was completely nude and wet.

She turned to the side to grab the first bikini then back to face the boys before continuing to put it on. First she tied one side of the bottoms then slipped it on and tied the other side. Now she tied the top straps of the bikini bra and slipped it over her head and finally tying the back strings. This first bikini was an unlined white one, the tiny triangles over the breasts just barely covered her nipples and areolas and the narrow strip of the bottoms also just barely kept her shaved pussy from being exposed. Miranda's hard nipples poked through the thin material and while it was not sheer now the suit most likely would become fairly see-thru when wet.

After getting the boys approval of that suit she casually untied the back and pulled it over ger head then quickly slid the bottoms down and off her legs before turning to get the next suit. Turning to face the boys with the second suit in hand she notices some people walking into the changing area, so she quickly closes the curtain to conceal her nudity. Behind the curtain she puts on the next bikini then opens up the curtain to show the boys. She sees a man sitting a few chairs down from the boys. The man is waiting for someone in the stall.

The second suit is a rainbow colored crochet bikini while there are small gaps in the material, they are too small for the boys to see anything through from their vantage point. Clearly disappointed with this bikini the guys say no to it. While modeling the suit Miranda notices the waiting man stealing glances of her, she gets an evil idea. Without closing the curtain she removes the bikini in the same way she did the first one. She stands there naked for a couple of seconds before closing the curtain.

The man is shocked but pleased and looks over at the guys who shoot him a knowing smile and nod. A short while later Miranda emerges wearing the third and final suit. This suit isn't actually a bikini but a very skimpy one piece suit it has strings going from shoulders to crotch. The only coverings it has are wide spots at the nipples that, allow the edges of the areolas to be seen, and a narrow band at the crotch that just barely covers her pussy. In the back it has a single string running through the butt cheeks then splits into two to go over the shoulders. The suit is red since the boys liked how she looked in the red lingerie.

This suit seems to expose more of her body than the first one. Without any side strings the entire side of her tit is exposed. She turns to the side and puts her arms on her head to give them a good view if her completely bare side. She holds there for several seconds then turns to give them the rear view. Except for two thin strings running down her back she is completely exposed as the bottom of the string disappears into her butt crack.

Next she turns to her other side. She is now facing toward the other man, he is unsure if he should stare at her so she smiles at him and he continues to stare. Finally she turns slightly toward the boys but at angle so the man has a direct view if her body. Still in that position she reaches both hands to her shoulders and slips off both straps at the same time sending the suit to the floor. She picks up the suit with her toes and closes the curtain.

She emerges a couple of minutes later dressed in her blouse and skirt. The guys all agree that the red suit is their favorite but decide to buy the white one also to

give Miranda choices. Unnoticed by the boys she has something in her hand. Following behind the boys she hands her thong from her hand to the seated man, he shoves it into his pocket and seconds later his wife comes out of the stall.

Dan uses a credit card to buy the two suits and they leave the store. As they are walking through the mall Kyle asks Miranda, "is there anything else you need?"

"Yes, I need more panties", she answers.

"What's wrong with the ones you have on?", questions Justin.

"I gave them to that man next to us", she replies.

"Are you serious?", asks Ricky.

"I can prove it, but not in the middle of the mall", says Miranda.

They all five duck into an alcove leading to the restrooms and with her back to the mall and the boys in front of her, she lifts and spreads open her high slit skirt. The boys stare at her bald pussy once again. All of a sudden a man comes out of the men's room and before she can put her skirt back into place the man gets a good look at her pussy. She smiles and he smiles back then walks off.

She puts her skirt back and they all head off in search of a lingerie shop. Eventually they find a store but a couple of the guys are too shy to enter so only Miranda, Kyle and Ricky go in. The two guys pick out some sexy panties for her, everything they got were thongs, most were lace but some were satin. In total they got eight pairs of panties for her, Ricky and Kyle each paid for half of them. As they are leaving the store Miranda spots a sexy pink satin robe and feels the material for a second. After leaving the store Kyle gets an idea and runs back into the store and buys the robe.

Once back at the car Miranda gets an idea and reaches into the bag of panties and pulls out a red pair. With the guys staring at her she casually slips the thong up her legs and under her skirt. The whole time she is doing this there is a group of three men walking by and they watched her do it, but she already knew that.

As the new group reaches her one of them asks, "can we see more?"

Miranda turns towards her own group and answers, "you have to ask them, they tell me what to do."

This of course came as a suprise to the boys but Kyle not one miss an opportunity responds by saying, "we're in a hurry but you can have a little peek." Then he continues, "you can see either the bra, the front of the panties or the back of the thong, which do you want to see?"

The other guys mull it over for a second and then decide by saying, "we want to see that sweet ass." Miranda looks over to her boys and Kyle and Dan understanding the game simply nod.

Kyle then adds, "go ahead do it show them." To which she turns away from the new guys and lifts her skirt. She lifts her entire skirt to her waist giving the new guys an unobstructed view of her almost nude ass, but she also gives her guys a clear view of the front of her panties.

The new guys are clearly enjoy the scene shouting out things like, "nice ass", and "wow you're hot as fuck". One of the new guys asks, "can you have her turn around so we can see the front?"

Kyle agrees and says, "ok turn around and show them the front, honey." So Miranda obediently does as she is told and they get a view of her barely covered pussy through lace front of her panties. Finally he says, "ok, that's good put your skirt down." Again she obeys.

"We have to go now," says Kyle. The other guys thank them and her, then tell her again how hot and sexy she is while walking away. Miranda and her guys get in the car and head over to Justin's house.

When they arrive at Justin's, Dan and Ricky stay in the car and tell Miranda that they still need to go to the store. Kyle, Justin and Miranda go inside the house to get ready for the party. Dan and Ricky drive off.

Once inside Miranda says, "I need to take a shower, can I use one of your bathrooms Justin?"

He says, "sure, use the one in my parent's bedroom it's the nicest one," pointing he continues by saying, "it's down at the end of the hall."

Kyle half joking asks, "can I come watch?"

"Only if you're going to come in and wash my back," answers Miranda.

"Ooookay," says Kyle totally not expecting her to agree.

"What about me?" adds Justin.

"Sure, you can come too, you can wash my front," she says as she heads down the hallway with them following. When she gets to the bathroom she turns to face them and slowly starts to undress. After taking off her blouse, skirt and shoes she very slowly slips off her bra then slides off her new panties, lastly she rolls down her stockings. Even though they have seen her completely naked a few times her sexy body never fails to turn them on.

Once totally nude she reaches in and turns on the shower. While the water is warming up she turns her attention to the two boys. First she removes each of their tee shirts then she lowers Kyle's shorts to his ankles and then Justin's shorts are next. Now she takes off Kyle's boxers releasing his erect penis then she removes Justin's boxers and his penis is also fully erect. Her original idea was to tease them in the shower then have sex with both of them relieving them of their virginity.

Since seeing the state of their cocks she decides to forgo the teasing. She asks Justin if they can use his parent's bed and he says it is ok since they won't be home until Tuesday. She lays down on the bed and spreads her legs. She calls Kyle over to her saying, "Kyle you get to go first since you talked to me first."

"Lay down on me and kiss me," she instructs him. He follows her instructions and starts kissing her. "Now put your cock inside my pussy, use your fingers to guide it in." He proceeded to thrust his cock into her pussy. Once inside her he starts pumping his cock into her pussy. He has stopped kissing her but instead he has grabbed her tits. He fucks her for a few minutes before finally coming. He shoots his load into her pussy and then collapses on her naked chest. Eventually she says, "ok, get up it's Justin's turn."

Justin, who has been standing naked and watching the whole time, eagerly awaits his turn. After Kyle climbs off her, Justin quickly takes his place. Having listened to her instructions to Kyle he already knows what do. So he immediately starts kissing her then reaches one hand down to her pussy and inserts his penis and starts fucking her. While still fucking her he removes his mouth from hers and places it on a tit. He then starts sucking her tits switching from one to the other. He also starts to come after just a few minutes depositing his semen into her. Lastly he pulls out of her and gets up off the bed.

Justin now stands next to Kyle who just watched them fuck. The two guys stare down at Miranda's nude sweaty body. Eventually she sits up and scoots to the end of the bed. With semen starting to ooze out of her pussy she stands and says, "I'm going to take shower now, do you guys want to join me or do you want me to clean your dicks with my mouth?"

Both of the guys opt for the dick cleaning, so she kneels in front of Kyle and licks and sucks his dick clean then does the same for Justin. She enters the steamy shower that has been running the whole time. The guys get dressed and leave to go set up for the party.

Later she emerges from the steamy shower then dries off and puts on her new satin robe. She walks out to the kitchen and finds the boys hard at work. Some of the boys are putting groceries into the refrigerator and the others are putting drinks and ice into coolers. As she walks closer she hears the end of their conversation. She listens as Kyle and Justin finish telling the other two how they fucked her. Suddenly they notice her and they all look over at her. Dan and Ricky have sad looks on their faces while Kyle and Justin have guilty faces.

"What?", Dan wonders aloud.

But before anything else is said she puts her hands up and says, "don't worry I can take care of you two guys also, just finish what you are doing and meet me in the master bedroom." Then she walks back to the bedroom. Excitedly Dan and Ricky finish most of the work but leave the rest for Kyle and Justin, then jog off to the bedroom.

Once in the room they find Miranda standing by the bed in her untied robe. "Are you guys ready to lose your virginity?", she asks. Both of the guys silently nod. She then slips off her robe and shows them her freshly washed and shaved nude body. "Who's first?", she asks. They both raise their hands in the air. "Rock, paper, scissors it is then," she says. So they play and Ricky wins two out of three. Miranda lays down on the bed and spreads her legs. She beacons for Ricky by saying, "Ricky come lay on me."

Ricky quickly strips off his clothes and climbs up on the bed. As he lays on top of her she pulls his head toward her and starts kissing him. He starts kissing her, she then reaches down and strokes his semi erect penis. Very soon his cock is rock hard and she guides it into her pussy. Once he feels the tip is in her pussy he thrusts the rest of it in.

"Suck my titties," she whispers to him. He takes his mouth off hers and starts sucking one of her tits, while pumping into her pussy at the same time. He continues to pump in and out of her while sucking her tits. A few minutes later he finally comes in her and then rolls off if her.

Meanwhile, Dan who has removed his shorts and underwear has been slowly stroking his cock and watching. After Ricky gets off the bed Miranda calls Dan to her. He takes off his shirt then he lays on top of her and begins kissing her. His cock is already hard so she inserts it into her pussy. He starts vigorously fucking her while still kissing her. Eventually he starts sucking her tits just like the other guys. Several minutes later he fills her pussy with his load, once finished he gets up and dresses. Him and Ricky, who stayed to watch Dan fuck Miranda, both leave to go help the other guys finish getting ready.

Miranda now hops in the shower one more time to rinse off and clean out her semen laden pussy. Once she is done showering she finds Justin's mom's beauty supplies. First she puts lotion on her entire body then she brushes and styles her hair. Next she puts on a little makeup, just lipstick, mascara, eyeliner and a little blush. Finally she sprays on some perfume. Donning her robe she heads outside to find the boys.

Outside she finds that everything is ready for the party. There are ice chests full of drinks, tables with food on them and Justin has started the barbecue.

"What do you guys want me to wear for the party," she asks. So they begin discussing the plan for the party. While talking Miranda mentions that when they told her to lift her skirt and show off to the men in the parking lot, she got very aroused and would like them to do more of that. Eventually a plan was hatched and everybody made final preparations.
