High Dive Humiliation
by SDS 

Picture this if you will, a cold October's day, a school sanctioned swimming lesson and me a skinny runt stood on top of the diving platform with half the class either watching me from below or queuing up impatiently behind me. I was wearing a conservative two piece, school regulation, a pair of boy shorts as bottoms and a top that was almost a sports bra to preserve my modesty and stop any possible exposure. They were a bright pink which only highlighted me more to my fellow classmates below. I was expected to perform the dive which we had all been forced to practice from the side of the pool for the last two weeks.

That was the theory anyway, however I merely stood too afraid to move looking down on everything below in terror. Two girls laughed behind me, calling me a chicken and other nasty names. I wanted nothing more than to go back down but I knew Miss Brown our extremely strict instructor would go mental with me. My little heart pounded in my chest as I tried to will myself to move. Others had started to noticing my lack of action, several of my classmates below were now pointing me out to friends and some had started laughing the sound of it echoing up to me. Miss Brown blew her whistle bellowing for me to hurry up and jump.

Shaking with the embarrassment of everyone looking at me I tiptoed nearer to the edge. Shame flooding into me I managed to get into position ready for the dive but couldn't force myself to move. I blushed bright red as more laughter and shouts echoed in the the large swimming complex directed at me.

What happened next was the most surreal event of my young life. I went wide eyed in horror as one of the bully girls behind me had grabbed my wet swimwear and pulled them straight down. The feeling of the wet material flying down my skinny legs was unreal. I had no time to react as the other girl pushed me forwards tripping me straight over the wet shorts that were now at my ankles. The girl who had just pantsed me made sure to keep a firm hold forcing me to fall straight out of my bottoms. I heard a moment of laughter and shouts as the room span and everyone saw me half dive, half fall straight out of my pink shorts. It was merely a rush, a quick blur but still my classmates saw me more naked than anyone ever had before. I had a moment of madness as I fell naked, terrified and totally confused. The laughter of my classmates quickly vanished as I hit the water hard my dive had been lost in the push. I screamed and in my confuing I swallowed water flailing to stay up I almost drown.

Seconds later I found myself dragged out of the pool as I tried to cough up the water I had just swallowed. Miss Brown was on me using her half learned first aid but I was ok if not a little stunned. I coughed trying to roll over as the fat woman man handled me trying to get me to lay flat on the floor in all my half naked glory. I screamed as the rest of my class looked on in shock at my naked sex and bottom that was now fully exposed to them as the fat teacher inadvertently kept my hands away from covering. The feeling of the cold tiles on my naked bottom was indescribable. I looked up into the grinning faces of my class as they stared down at my very exposed naked kitty. Once she was happy that I wasn't dying she finally tried to do something about my nudity. It was too late however the laughter still haunts me to this day as my whole class had seen me half naked in the most horrible way possible.
