Estela's Awakening
byChrisyCrossy©

Estela's Awakening Pt. 01

This is Estela's fantasy.

I'm a sexy, fifty-two-year-old mother of three. Recently, my husband and I moved into a new area. We now live in a small apartment block in the coastal town of Italy. The apartment, itself, is not new. In fact, it is quite old and needs some work doing to it.

What we liked about the apartment was it is close to the beach, and the rent was affordable to us. We have downsized our living space as it is just my husband and me now; my children are in their twenties and have all moved out from home.

I'm also enjoying the freedom of not having our adult children around. What I am experiencing is that my husband has started to notice me again. He surprised me recently by purchasing some new bikinis and a really short beach dress.

They are made from an Australian bikini company, Wicked Weasel. After opening the packets, I was amazed at how small the bikini was.

I came out of the bedroom wearing the small black tiger print bikini design. The top was like a regular bikini top that covered my ample boobs. It was the bikini bottom that I was most unsure about. It was a small fabric triangle with a G String back.

I said to my husband, "I couldn't possibly wear this in public."

He replied, "I want other men to look at you with desire."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I'll desire you more knowing that other men are desiring you, too," he said. "Here. Feel!" he instructed as he grabbed my small hand and made me rub his pants.

"Oh my! Someone is excited," I gasped as it was apparent that my husband was turned on see me dressed this way.

"Well. I'll be happier still if you start showing off by walking around the house in these bikinis."

"If that's what you want, I'll see what I can do," I commented. "I'm going to have to shave, though."

"Shave all your hair off," said my husband. "Or, better still, get waxed."

"I'll have to think about that," I said.

THE COURTYARD

We have a small courtyard at the back of our apartment that is reasonably private.

The thing about it is, because of the way the apartment block has been designed, we only get the sun shining into our courtyard for about an hour and a half per day in the early afternoon.

Following my husband's suggestion, I had started wearing my skimpy bikinis when I was in the house doing housework.

I had also taken the plunge and got waxed. It hurt a lot but made me feel sexy having no hair for the first time since becoming an adult. I wasn't sure about waxing at first but, when I visited the beauty clinic, it was the therapist who convinced me that going hairless was very popular.

I love it that summer is on its way and I like to relax in the afternoon by doing a little sunbathing.

Our courtyard is very private, but there is, however, one window from the apartment one floor up that overlooks the yard. There is an older Russian gentleman who lives there. Apart from talking to him in the lobby or the occasional meeting in the old elevator, we have never adequately met.

It had been a week of good weather, and I had spent the last few afternoons catching up with sunbathing on my blue exercise mat on the warm tiles outside. I also wore my new, skimpy bikini for the first time.

After the third day, I had noticed my neighbour was looking at me hidden behind the curtain in his window upstairs.

At first, I was shocked. How dare he look at me in this way? Then I remembered what my husband wanted, ". . . I want other men to look at you with desire."

I started to get turned on, thinking about what my husband wanted me to do. I had never allowed anyone, other than my husband, to see or think of me in this way.

I said nothing to my husband that evening when he got home.

Later that night, I went to bed for the first time wearing nothing in bed.

My husband liked finding me naked in bed. He reached over and played with my hard nipples. His hand then migrated down to my pussy, and he started feeling me up.

"You're very wet," He said as he plunged two fingers into my damp pussy.

"I've been thinking about you fucking me all afternoon," I said. I chose not to mention that it was my neighbour who had been watching me sunbathe that had made me feel this way.

My husband pulled back the bedsheets and hooked my ankles behind his shoulders. I reached down and grabbed his hard cock. Guiding it into my pussy, he plunged into me in one deep thrust.

"Oh . . . Fuck . . . That's it . . . Fuck Me Hard . . ." I moaned. I could hear squelching as his thick, hard cock filled me beautifully.

What was happening to us? My husband had not fucked me like this for years. I had never felt so turned on as I did now. I loved hearing my husband's groans as he plunged into me over and over again.

I gripped onto his back and pulled him into me.

It didn't take long for me to reach an orgasm. "Oh Fuck . . . I'm cumming" I screamed.

My husband pushed deep into me and unloaded his cum inside me. I loved feeling his cock twitching in me and the warm feeling of his cum filling me up. I realised, then, that I had missed that feeling for far too long.

THE NEXT DAY

I realised that the time the sun shines down to the courtyard is the same each day. My neighbour must know this, too, as he was already waiting for me hiding behind his curtain.

I lay down on my blue exercise mat and soaked up the sun's rays. After about twenty minutes, I rolled over to allow my back to get some sun as well. I undid the straps to my bikini top.

When I rolled over onto my back, I brazenly decided to leave my bikini top off, exposing my breasts to my one-man-audience.

I'm proud of my boobs, and I love the way they look even when not wearing a bra.

I got out my phone to check out what was going on online. In reality, this was a way for me to check out my neighbour. I looked over the screen at his window above me. I had orientated the mat so that I was deliberately facing him.

It looked like he was rubbing his trousers although, due to his curtain, I could not be sure of this.

Unfortunately, the sun had moved on, and the courtyard was, once again, in shadow.

That night, when my husband and I went to bed together, I was already naked. He made me kneel on the edge of the mattress and fucked me from behind. Like last night, I was already very wet, and he slipped into me with ease.

He had a firm grip of my waist as he pulled me back onto his cock as he pounded into me.

I panted in time to the slapping sound of my arse, hitting my husband's thighs. My husband let out a guttural groan as he unloaded into me. He pulled out of me, and as I rolled over to get into bed, his cum was dibbling out of my pussy and onto my legs. I gazed lovingly into my husband's eyes as I mopped his cum up with my fingers, which I then sucked clean.

"What has got into you, Estela?" he asked. "I am not complaining. In fact, I love you more than ever before."

It was then that I decided to reveal my little secret. "You remember when you said you want other men to look at me with lust?"

"Yes."

"And you said that you'll find me more attractive when other men are hungry me too!"

"Yes." Replied my husband cautiously.

"Well . . ."

"What is it?"

"You know our Russian neighbour?"

"Not well but, yes, I know him."

"Well . . . I've been sunbathing these last few days."

"Yes, and?"

"He's been watching me."

"How?"

"His window overlooks our courtyard."

"Were you naked?"

"No!" I exclaimed. "I was topless today, though."

"Nice. When do you sunbathe?"

It's only sunny shortly after lunchtime when there is enough sun. Why?" I asked.

"I'm off work tomorrow afternoon. I going to watch you being watched!" exclaimed my husband.

"Really?"

"Yes. Really!" With that, he climbed on top of me and fucked me for the second time that night.

THE FOLLOWING AFTERNOON

I was a bundle of nerves all morning. I was wearing my Wicked Weasel Sailor Stripe dress with nothing on underneath.

I had done some washing and so just before lunchtime I had a basket of wet clothes that needed to be hung on the drying lines at the end of our courtyard. I'm not that tall, 165cm to be exact, and I needed to stretch up to reach the line.

I deliberately faced away from my neighbour's window and placed the basket on the courtyard tiles.

I bent down and got the first item out of the basket. It was the skimpy Wicked Weasel tiger bikini top that I had worn for the last two days. I tied the strings to the line. As I bent down to get the next item out, I knew that my neighbour must be able to see my bare pussy. The hem of this mini dress was very short, and it must be riding up my back as I was bent over.

After all the washing was on the line, I went inside to relax, although to-be-honest., I was a bundle of nerves.

I put on my other Wicked Weasel bikini. This one was the smallest bikini I had ever worn. It was called a 456 micro bikini in a leopard mesh print fabric.

Right on time, my husband came home.

"Wow, you look hot wearing that bikini," were his first words as he came through the door. "Let's show you off!'

My husband went into our spare room that overlooked the courtyard. He was careful not to be seen by our neighbour from his vantage position.

I lay down on the exercise mat and carefully glanced over to the window upstairs. Yes, my neighbour was there.

I started by lying on my front and, this time, I kept my top straps on.

I don't know what came over me when I turned over. But I think it was the fact that I had two men looking at me with lustful desire. I left my mesh print tri top on but decided to slip the bikini bottom down.

Once it was off, I placed it over my bare pussy. Just then, I received a text message from someone. I picked up my phone and saw a message from my husband. What did he have to say?

"I'm going to fuck you senseless when you cum inside you brazen hussy!" was his message.

I looked over the phone and could see that my neighbour was stroking his cock.

I reached down and started playing with my wet pussy as I watched him. As I masturbated, I was staring straight at my neighbour. He must know now that I know that he looks at me.

My phone buzzed again with another text, but I couldn't stop to check the message. One hand was pulling the skin just above my pussy up, which exposed my hard little nub of a clitoris from its hood.

I was pumping my pussy with two fingers of my other hand. My breathing had slowed down, and I could feel a tingling sensation in my lips as my body was deprived of oxygen.

I was looking at my neighbour through heavy-lidded eyes and could see the tempo of his strokes were getting faster.

I had my orgasm at just about that same time he did. I could just make out seeing cum spirt out of his hard cock.

Feeling slightly embarrassed and horny all at the same time, I reluctantly I got up and walked inside.

My husband grabbed me as I was in the hallway and pressed me up against the wall. His cock plunged inside me, and his thrusts lifted my feet off the floor.

He whispered in my ear, "The door is still open. I want you to scream loud as I fuck you."


Estela's Awakening Pt. 02

My husband had just grabbed me as I walked into the hallway. He had pressed me up against the wall and whispered in my ear, "The door is still open. I want you to scream loud as I fuck you."

I gasped as his cock plunged inside my wet, slick pussy. His trusts lifted my feet off the floor.

I'm a sexy, fifty-two-year-old mother of three. Recently, my husband and I moved into a new area. We now live in a small apartment block in the coastal town of Italy.

My husband had let skip a secret that he will desire me more, knowing that other men are wanting me as well.

My husband had just watched me play with myself from the window of our spare room that overlooked the courtyard that I was sunbathing in.

I was pumping my pussy with two fingers. I was looking up at my neighbour who was looking on from his apartment next door. My breathing had slowed down, and I could feel a tingling sensation in my lips as my body was deprived of oxygen.

I had my orgasm at just about that same time he did. I could just make out seeing cum spurt out of his hard cock.

I got up and walked inside, feeling slightly embarrassed and horny after my orgasm.

My husband grabbed me as I was in the hallway and pressed me up against the wall. His cock plunged inside me.

"The door is still open. I want you to scream loud as I fuck you," my husband panted as he fucked me pressed up against the wall.

"OH, YES . . . FUCK ME . . . OH . . . FUCK . . . YES . .!" I screamed.

What had got into my husband? We usually had good sex and, over the last few days, he had been more attentive to me as I wore the skimpy bikinis that he had bought me.

I had worn an incredibly tiny bikini made by Wicked Weasel. I was still wearing my leopard mesh print tri top. While outside, I had slipped the micro bikini off as I played with myself in front of these two men: my husband looking on from our spare room and our Russian neighbour upstairs.

My husband was fucking me with an intensity that I had not experienced before. I am 165cm tall, and as he thrust into me, my toes only just touched the floor. My whole being was balanced on his beautiful, hard cock. I had to push my hands on the wall to remain upright.

"OH . . . OH . . . OH . . . OH . . . OH . . . OH . .!" I panted loudly in time to his thrusts.

"You want me to fuck you hard, you brazen hussy. Don't you?" groaned my husband.

"OH, YES . . . FUCK . . . ME . . . HARD . . . OH FUCK . . . YES . . . FUCK . . . ME . . . HARDER!" I screamed.

"I'm going to fuck you, senseless," he groaned. "You enjoyed showing off to our neighbour?"

"OH, YES . . . FUCK . . . YOU . . . ENJOYED . . . WATCHING . . . ME . .?" I panted.

"Yes, I enjoyed watching my shameless wife play in front that man upstairs." He replied in his breathless voice.

"I . . . DID . . . IT . . . FOR . . . YOU . . .' I panted. "OH . . . FUCK . . . I'M . . . CUMMING . . . OH . . . I'M . . . CUMMING," "I screamed over and over again as an orgasm ripped through me. My legs started to shake as my body was flooded with that amazing hot orgasmic flush as I came uncontrollably.

My husband thrust one last time into me, lifting me clear of the floor as his cock pumped his cum deep inside me.

When I calmed down, all I could hear was my husband's panting breath as his head was tucked into the side of my head.

When he pulled out of me, I became aware of how wet I was. My thighs were slick with my juices, and I could feel my husband's cum oozing out of my pussy as well. I cleaned this up with my hand and then licked my fingers clean.

"Well someone gets excited watching me being naked," I said as I stroked my husband's still hard cock.

"Estela. It was knowing you were playing for an audience that I found most exciting," he revealed.

"Well, I found it exciting, as well," I responded.


THE WEEKEND

Saturday started looking overcast, and it did not look like the weather would be any good for sunbathing. I had wanted to get some exercise in and suggested to my husband that we go for a short walk along the coast.

"I'll go only if you wear that new beach dress," was his reply.

"You mean that blue Sailor Stripe dress you bought me?" I asked.

"That's right."

"What else should I wear, then?" I asked.

"Nothing," was my husband's laconic reply.

"You mean you want me to wear just that short Wicked Weasel dress and nothing else?"

"Yes."

'Oh. Ok. If you insist," Was all I could think of at the time.

I went and got changed into the dress. If I am honest, I love the look of the dress. It has these broad horizontal blue stripes that really accentuate my figure.

The dress has thin straps that tie behind my neck, making the dress into a halter neck. Sometimes I cross the straps over in front, which really highlights my big, firm tits. Two broad blue strips sit under my ample cleavage, and my hard nipples can easily be seen through the thin material even though it is opaque.

I stretched the dress down to make sure it was not too revelling as we walked to the beach. Stepping out into the front room, I announced that I was ready for our walk.

"Estela. You look gorgeous."

"Come on. Let's go before I back out."

Grabbing my hand, my husband led me out into the wide world with me dressed in a skimpy thin dress.

Once we got to the beach, I suggested that we walk along the coast. It gets quite rocky, and fortunately, there were not many people about. Ever the gentleman, my husband let me go first as we climbed over the rocks. I know he did this so he could get many looks at my bare, hairless pussy as I climbed in front of him.

I needed to keep pulling the hem down as it would always ride up my thighs.

"You don't need to do that," said my husband. "There's no one around to see."

"You can see," I commented.

"I like looking," was his reply.

We came to a particularly tricky set of rocks to climb over. My husband's hand rested on my bum as I struggled to climb up one rock in particular. His fingers drifted to my pussy.

"My, you're wet!" he commented as one of his fingers brushed my pussy lips.

"I've been thinking of the little show I'm giving you'" I said.

"You like showing off. Don't you?" he asked.

"Yes. It's exciting."

When we got over these rocks, we found ourselves in a small secluded beach. It was then that I realised that the sun was out and that the day had cleared up.

I was short of breath and so bent over to rest my hands on my knees. Just then, my husband grabbed my hips and thrust his cock into my willing pussy.

"I've been thinking about fucking you ever since you came out wearing this dress," he said.

I spread my legs apart and bent over so my hands could get some support from a nearby rock.

My husband's hands moved up to cup my tits through the fabric of the dress. His fingers teased my nipples.

"Oh . . . that . . . feels . . . good," I hissed.

"Oh Estela, I love fucking you," moaned my husband.

Just then, two fishermen climbed over the rocks.

I reached up to pull down the hem of my skirt, but my husband had other ideas. Grabbing my arms and pulling my shoulders back, he made me stand up as he continued to fuck me. With his teeth, he undid the straps holding the halter top up which exposed my tits to these two strangers.

"Start moaning," he breathed in my ear.

"Oh . . . that . . . feels . . . good," I moaned again. "Play with your cock for me," I asked the two voyeurs.

One of them took me up on the suggestion and pulled out his cock. He was stroking his beautiful cock in time to my husband's thrusts.

"That's it. Watch me being fucked," I said to him. "Oh . . . that . . . feels . . . good," I said to my husband.

My husband was thrusting his hips, which made his cock push deep inside me. My dress had bunched up around my waist, and I was fully exposed to these two men.

"Oh . . .fuck . . . this . . . is . . . so . . . good . . . that . . . feels . . . sooo . . .good," I moaned.

The young fisherman was the first to cum. As his cum erupted from his cock, my husband thrust one last time into me as I got filled with his hot seed.

Watching the young man in front of my cumming on the sand and feeling hot cum fill me up was all it took for me to have a fantastic orgasm.

I could feel the skin around my neck become flushed as the orgasm raced through me as my tits rose and fell due to my heavy breathing.

I reached behind me with my arms and gave my husband a hug. "That was beautiful," I said, looking at the young man in front of me.


Estela's Awakening Pt. 03

My husband was thrusting his hips, which made his cock push deep inside me. My dress had bunched up around my waist, and I was fully exposed to these two men.

"Oh . . .fuck . . . this . . . is . . . so . . . good . . . that . . . feels . . . sooo . . .good," I moaned.

The young fisherman was the first to cum. As his cum erupted from his cock, my husband thrust one last time into me as I got filled with his hot seed.

Watching the young man in front of me cumming on the sand and feeling hot cum fill me up was all it took for me to have a fantastic orgasm.

I could feel the skin around my neck become flushed as the orgasm raced through me as my tits rose and fell due to my heavy breathing.

I reached behind me with my arms and gave my husband a hug. "That was beautiful," I said, looking at the young man in front of me.

It was then that I saw the older fisherman had his cock out and was stroking it in front of me. As he looked at my husband and held up a condom, he said, "It's my turn to fuck this slut."

I didn't say anything, but my grin must have given me away. It felt naughty to be talked about this way. That's right, I was a slut and was loving it.

My husband was enjoying it too, as his cock was still hard. Turning me around, my husband guided my face down to his cock, which was still dripping wet after fucking me. I knew what he wanted, and so I started to clean him up.

I could hear the foil wrapper being torn open, and shortly after that, the other fisherman pushed his cock deep inside me.

I let out a squeal as this new cock impaled me. His cock wasn't thicker than my husbands, but he did seem to feel deeper inside me. It was a strange feeling as this was the second cock I had ever experienced. I have only ever fucked my husband as I was a virgin when we got married.

One cock filling my slick pussy and another deep in my throat. Oh, what was happening to me?

The stranger banging into me from behind forced my husband's cock deeper in my throat.

Eventually, my husband pulled his cock out of my mouth. "I want to watch you getting fucked," he hissed.

The young fisherman had come around and was sucking on my nipples. My nipples are always extremely sensitive after I have cum, and I let out a long moan as I willingly let these two strangers take advantage of me.

I looked over at my husband, and he had the lens of his phone pointing at me and was videoing me.

I was awash with feelings as, at that moment, my very existence seemed to be for sole purpose pleasuring these three men.

These thoughts set off my next orgasm, which went on for some time as the man behind me continued to pound into me while the man in front stopped me from falling over. I heard the man behind me groan as I felt his cock swell and erupt in me. I could feel his cock twitching in me as he filled his condom with his warm seed.

I looked over at my husband and said, "You're loving watching your wife get fucked by these men, Aren't you? You tame cuckold."

Just as I said these words, my husband's cock erupted for a second time as he sprayed his cum onto the sand. I reached over and grabbed his twitching cock as the last of his cum oozed out.

This was a first: my husband does not usually cum twice in one session. Maybe there was more my husband's secret that wanted other men to desire me. Perhaps he really wanted other men to enjoy me, while he watched.

***
