Sixty dollars worth of massage
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

Last week I sprained a muscle in the gym and went for a massage. It was very erotic...I was in a private room with one really unattractive masseur. But I had already paid like $60 for the massage so I went ahead with the massage although I would have liked it much better to be massaged by a virile young and cute man. Anyway it was interesting despite the fact that my masseur was not so young (about 65) and definitely not attractive (an old Indian man claiming to be an expert in athletic massages but actually without a clue on how to do relieve tense muscles). 
 
Fortunately it was a private room and no one could have seen me being embarrassed. Once inside, the masseur asked me to remove my clothes and hang them on a corner stand, which I did obediently (I just love to be ordered around). Down to my underwear, I lay down on the mattress which looked used with stains all around - some oil stains and other very moldy, yellowy starchy stains. The old man placed a huge towel (big but smelly and, I am sure, unwashed after many previous uses) over my back and slowly started the massage. 

I have only had a foot massage before so just the touch of his big hands on my back was very exciting as he used a lot of oil to massage my back. The squishy-sloshy feeling was making me hard and I was getting embarrassed. He massaged my back for some time and then moved on the legs. He squeezed my ass cheeks firmly and poured a lot of oil on my hairy thighs. He started spreading oil on my inner thighs and that's when my cock really came alive. I wear briefs and my cock is always pointed down...so a few times his hand brushed against my balls (one ball either side of my cock spread out because of being pushed down). I am sure he must have felt my cock thicken up but he continued the massage and moved down (much to my disappointment) to my lower legs.

He massaged for sometime and asked me to turn over after removing the towel. He must have surely seen my half-hard cock but he acted aloof and covered my face and shoulders with the big smelly towel. "Oh it's just to protect your eyes, as this herbal oil has been mixed with camphor, your eyes could become sensitive and if you inhale its vapors you might feel giddy," he said in his phlegmy, throaty voice. I wondered briefly if his own eyes would be okay but brushed the thought aside. 

Then he started again. When he reached my abdomen he spoke again, in his hypnotizing and soothing voice, "Are you okay with your underwear becoming stained with oil and would you like me to take it off?" My precum laden cock twitched in anticipation of his hands touching it and although I was almost choking with the smell of sweat and oils and god-knows-what-else trapped in the fiber of the towel, I almost loved the thought but I stayed quiet.
 
He repeated that as he was going to spread some oil on my lower abdomen and it would stain my underwear. I managed to mutter, "Please don't stain my underwear other it would be a bit hard to explain to my wife...but...I am slightly...uhhmmm....hard." I heard him chuckle a bit but then he said, "Its okay it happens all the time. Guys just get hard with a little bit of massage and I am just used to seeing them. And please don't be embarrassed as it is, your face is already covered with the towel so it shouldn't make any difference to you." I couldn't catch his logic but said, "If you are okay then please remove my underwear, or I can remove it myself."

Even before I was finished giving my consent, he had pulled the waistband of my white briefs, and had probably noticed the big wet spot in front from all the precum I had leaked so far. I heard the sound of my discarded underwear being thrown on the dirty floor below. Soon he had poured gallons of the smelly herbal oil all over me and had started spreading it evenly all around. He pulled the towel up from my shoulders so that now only my face was covered. Then he stood above my head and started massaging my chest and shoulders in long strokes. From shoulders to the abdomen, returning his hands by massaging the side of my ribs. 

He was wearing a vest and a pair of running shorts, the kind which are very short and the sides are slit up. My hands were lined by the side of my body and every time he leaned to reach across, his groin would press into my body. I could distinctly feel the lump of his spongy cock and balls. Although I was not attracted to him by any means, my hands were constantly coming in touch with his impressive package - still soft. The smelly towels was making me horny - more because of the fact that I just couldn't see what was going on across the towel than because of the musky and strange odors coming from it.

Suddenly he pulled the towel from my face and started folding it neatly into a long strip. When the strip was just wide enough to cover my eyes and my nose, he placed it on the middle of my face. At one point he was standing above my head and massaging my abs and I could feel his lump of cock and balls on my head. My cock twitched and leaked some more precum. When he was standing close to the side of my ass his body was pushing against me and I could again feel his soft cock against my hand which was crushed under his body weight. 

When he moved to the opposite side, he turned my palm facing up on the pretext of massaging my arms. After he was done with my arm he left my hand half hanging on the edge of the table and proceeded to massage my pelvic bone - never touching my cock but massaging the oil gently all around with his thick fingers. He tiptoed to reach across and his balls landed right on top of my palm. Then he moved away and I could only hear some shuffling sound. When he returned, I could feel his hairy balls land on my upturned palm once again - this time without any cloth in between. He had taken his shorts off.

He poured some more oil on my abdomen and started rubbing vigorously. Then he stopped and I was wondering what was going on. I heard some sounds, a slight opening of the door and some muffled voices. I was feeling very weird and my hard on subsided considerably. Then the door was shut softly and I heard his footsteps. He started rubbing my thighs, with my underwear gone, he was directly touching my balls and sometimes cock. With all this touching my cock regained its hardness and started leaking precum. 

Once he poured some oil on the thighs and "accidentally" poured it on my hairy balls. He said, "Sorry brother now I will have to rub the oil here itself otherwise it would spoil the mattress," when I didn't object, he added, "Actually I have to go to see my doctor soon so to finish your massage faster, and I have called my colleague so that we can work on two sides at the same time." I was slightly alarmed and was about to say no, when I felt another pair of hands - bigger than his and stronger - on my chest. The new man started massaging my chest in long and hard strokes. His giant palms were fanned out and he was standing behind my head so every time he slid his hands forward, his thumbs forcefully pressed down on my hardening nipples. This was painful and pleasurable at the same time and my cock started working overtime producing and leaking precum continuously. 

Shocking me with his language, this new guy, while massaging my chest, finally spoke - not to me but to the older guy - "You motherfucker, why are you spending so much time on his balls. Just climb over him and start doing the legs." Although his language was crude I could almost hear some underlying messaging going on between the two of them. I heard a soft chuckle as I felt the older masseur climb and stand over me with each of his legs on either side of my body. He bent down and started massaging my shins. I got a jolt of electricity when he squatted down on me and his bare balls and half hard cock touched my own rock hard leaking cock. He continued to descend on me till our cocks and balls were mashed against each other so hard that I could even feel some movement inside his big balls. He started grinding his cock on mine and I was on the verge of erupting my thick load of cum.

I was so lost in these powerful erotic sensations that I never noticed when the other guy moved to the side of my head in such a way that his cock was brushing against my cheeks. I tried to shrug the slimy hard cock off my cheeks but as I turned to push his cock away, he slipped his hot and rock-hard cock in my mouth. My mouth felt like it was filled with hard, boiling rod of steel. The velvety head of his spongy but hard cock slid past my gullet and entered my throat. It was already at least five inches inside my throat and still continuing to move. His cock must have been at least nine inches long and uncut as I could feel the loose skin sliding on and off his cock head as he slid in and out of my moist mouth. Soon he held my head sideways in his strong manly hands and started fucking my mouth in long thrusts. 

Meanwhile the old man had also stopped all pretense of massage and was rubbing his entire body all over my oil-slicked body. I could feel his wiry body hair creating delicious friction as they pulled in opposite directions. I had to focus on the monster cock fucking my mouth to avoid gagging and when I felt something probing the entrance of my virgin heterosexual asshole, I realized the old man had put my legs on his shoulders and was now trying to fuck my bung hole. He pushed against my sphincter with great force and his big old cock entered my virgin asshole. His hard cock head hit my prostate directly and the sensations were so great that my cock erupted in a molten lava of cum even without being touched. The old man's cock was about eight inches long and at least five inches thick and it was literally tearing my ass apart but then he scooped all my sperm and smeared it on his own cock and brutally entered my asshole again.

The other man also scooped the remained sperm from my load and started slowly smearing on his cock so that I was actually licking my own cum each time he slid his monster cock in my mouth. After 15 minutes he erupted his thick smelly cum in my mouth and pinched my nose hard so that I had no choice but to swallow everything, every single drop. As he withdrew his limp cock from my mouth the old masseur took his place leaving a big void in my ass and pushed his slimy cock in my mouth. He thrust in and out for two minutes and unloaded his smelly sticky and thick and lumpy old cum in my mouth. Like his colleague, he too, pinched my nose and forced me to swallow all of his load. After all three of had cum, the old masseur said loudly, "According to my watch this cocksucking fucker still had 15 more minutes left. Shall we call the cleaner, lift man and the garbage man to come and dump their loads in his mouth too? After all he already paid for our services." The other man just laughed and opened the door and shouted, "Oye, Rajesh, Mukesh and Mohammed Latif, come we got a cocksucking faggot waiting for your smelly cocks."
