** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'Vulvoid' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!


Vulvoid Transform - Prelude, Part 1
By Lisa James

Highway 75 was the worst place for two young men with a broken down car to be hitch hiking on this day.  The patch of road was located some 20 miles from the top secret military research area known as the MGR (for miliraty genetic research).  The MGR has a very important demonstration planned which was to be viewed by  a cadre of the most high level security cleared generals.  The audience was to witness a practical demonstration of a most extraordinary yet horrendous weapon  one that had the potential to change the nature of warfare entirely and perhaps the course of humanity.

The two young men were trying to flag down a ride just as an unmarked car belonging to the MGR was passing looking for a very special type of person. In the car were two agents, charged with finding two young men.  There were rules to the acquisition.  The men needed to be unaccompanied and they needed to be untraceable.  The agents expected to have to locate two separate targets  perhaps over several days. Yet their luck was such that they located the two subjects in almost record time  less than 2 hours from commencement of the brief.

The car pulled over and the agent quizzed the men as to their recent history and destination.  The two men, Steven and Peter, both aged 19 were surfers on a road trip. They had no firm destination and would not be missed any time soon.  The agents offered Steven and Peter a ride, then promptly locked them in the the back of the car and drove them to the facility.



The audience was assembled in a large laboratory style room.  At the front was a digital projector screen with the words Vulvoid Live Test displayed in large type. There were about 10 chairs in rows facing the front of the room and two hospital-style beds to the left and right of the make-shift stage.  To the left and right were 4 heavily armed soldiers at attention and with their weapons at the ready.

Eight of the audience chairs were occupied with top-ranking military personel  all male.  The sole female was a nurse, a pretty young thing with a rather short dress and large breasts, standing near the beds.  Two chairs in the front row contained a somewhat out-of-place occupant Steven and Peter, both perplexed and both becoming alarmed at their bizarre circumstances, were seated.  Whenever they tried to speak, to ask what was happening, or to move, one of the armed soldiers would point a weapon at them and command them to be silent.

Several minutes later a man in a lab coat entered the room.  There was brief applause and one of the Military leaders said Welcome Dr. Taylor.  We are eagerly awaiting your demonstration.  I understand you have made remarkable progress in short time?

Dr Taylor smiled and cast his eye over the audience.  Yes Thank you general We believe we may have the project completed.  Today is a most critical test, and there is a chance it may not all go as planned But if it does then you may consider the Vulvoid project ready for use.
In the second row, another general cleared his throat and said Excuse me.  Whilst some may be aware of the Vulvod project, I for one am not perhaps some background?

Certainly general And the term is Vulvoid not vulvod It has been named such after the external female genitalia, the Vulva.  The project involves the creation of a living weapon that is capable of coersion, enemy control, self-replication and self-propogation. Said Dr Taylor.

Big Words  but what do they mean? said the General.

You will soon see said Dr Taylor But let me say this You may never look at a girl in quite the same way from today forward.  The experience of the host is. Well very confronting and shocking to any male. If you are easily shocked then you might want to sit this one out.

No We need to know Show us Your Vulvoid experiment

Bring in number 1 shouted Dr Taylor and the nurse walked to the front of the room, entered a side door and brought in a girl to the sudden intakes of breath from the audience. Meet Fiona our very first vulvoid girl

Fiona was gorgeous.  Lithe, nude, except for a pair of light-blue panties.  She stood, nipples errect, with a scared kind of look on her face.  She seemed tortured and anguished, her eyes kept darting to to chest to stare with some strange look of horror at her breasts.

Fiona. I want to you know that we have you a new host.  I ask you to prepare and be assured that you will indeed have a sister this day said Taylor.

Fiona gasped and grabbed her panty covered vulva No!!! Please!... Help mmmm. She sputtered before her hands shook violently and returned to her sides.  

Dr taylor patted one of the beds and said We want to see everything Fiona Please dont be shy sit up here.. spread your legs for us and Fiona moved, like some shuddering puppet and sat on the bed.  Clearly visible was her fantastic camel toe, showing the four inch slit between her legs.  She parted her legs, shaking as though she was fighting the parting of her legs and the audience clearly saw her vulva lips pull apart  the shape of the panties figure-hugging shape changed.

Dr Taylor pointed between Fionas legs and said These are not normal panties gentlemen they are alive!  They are a type of parasite and they are an entirely man-made genetic code. Their function is to enslave a host and thereafter the function is reproduction.. which is what you will see today

Fiona sat and whimpered as the men, including Steven and Peter, stared at her breasts and her amazingly female vulva with undisgiused lust. Staring at her panty covered mound revealed something strange At the edges, where her panties looped elastic touched her skin, there was a bizarre happening The edges appeared to wriggle and then suddenly they moved as one and seemed to grab Fionas bare skin adjacent to the panties edges and litterally dig-into her flesh.  She screamed quietly God no!!! These panties. They oh.. god no you bastards!!!!.

All eyes were fixed upon her crotch, so everyone saw the next bizarre change. Whereas before there was a clear cleft where her panties hugged her vulva lips Now the indent disappeared and the space occupied by the gusset of her panties began to swell!  The panties gently thobbed as the gusset swelled, the edges of the panties seemed to thrum and wriggle as though they were drawing fliuds from her body via their cilla-like edges and into the gusset bulk.  The panties swelled and swelled.  Fiona whimpered and occasionally her hand would grab the growing mound between her legs.  Periodically she would drop her gaze to her firm and ripe breasts whish had fully errect nipples.

The growth you see is within the panties she wears  within the gusset Dr Taylor said by way of explanation to the startled looks of some of the audience.  The gusset structure of the Vulvoid panties is now changing it is polymorphic in nature and it is using Fionas own body fluids to fuel the change Within the mass of that bulge said Dr Taylor, pointing to and actually prodding the engorging mass between Fionas legs is a coiled structure that has a close analogy to a penis

What!!! yelled an outraged General

Yes Well you dont imagine that we have developed the Vulvoid to be humane do you? Retorted Dr Taylor as Fiona began to push the pantied bulk up and down clearly rubbing in against her slit and clitoras  stimulating her sex organ.

Help me pleeasseee!!!! I cant control my body!!! My hand I cant stop it pushing this fucking mound into my.. my. Girls. Ohhhh!!!!!! Vulva!!! Oh god I have got a vulva!!! I hate it!!! Helppleaseeeee.. she wailed then robotically shuddered and returned to massaging the panties engorged mass against her cunt.

But what the fuck is a penis-like organ doing growing inside that poor girls panties! Demanded the outspoken general.

Well you are a smart man general You have a penis-like organ that is positioned directly over a vagina What do you think might be about to happen?

Rape!!!! Screamed Fiona and as all eyes turned again to her they noticed that the bulge was gone. Oh god no!!! she screamed again and the bulge reappeared.  The bulge disappeared and then reappeared. Its inside me!!! I cant bear the feeling No. God no I am being raped!!! she raged as the bulge disappeared and reappered between her legs, setting up a rhythm that was perhaps once per two seconds. Fiona looked shocked beyond belief. Her vacant eyes stared at the beating mass between her legs and the audience could clearly hear the wet sucking sound issuing from her groin each time the panty penis pushed past her girl-lips and into her vagina.

The panty penis is indeed stimulating her vagina and clitoras now Normally a host would be under much greater breast control  but I have asked Fionas breasts to permit the host to speak rather freely. Taylor said.

What!!!! What do you mean by that? Demanded the clearly shaken general again.

I mean her breasts have control over her body. Her breasts are far more than meets the eye There is a cerebral capacity in there that is similar to the human brain, and they are wired into her nervous system like her original host-brain  but lower down the brain stem  so they can control her completely when the choose.

Oh my god! She has a brain in her breasts??? said the general

Within the structure of each breast is a brain like organ called a mamobellum There is some additional stuff in there that normal girls dont have  but you will find out about that later.  Her breast brains have a thick nerve fibre that has pushed through her chest cavity and mated with the brain stem of Fionas host brain. It has pushed millions of nerve fibres into the spinal column and wrapped around the brain stem. It has effective control whenever it wants to. Or it can let the host brain have control But the breasts have ultimate say plus they now conrtol Fionas breathing and heart If her breast brains are damaged she will die

You bastards!! These fucking breasts I cant stop these panties raping me!!! You can imagine how foul it is to feel a cunt between your legs Ahhhh!!! My cunt is tingling no. Im going to come!!! Nooooooo GOOOOODDDD!!!! screamed Fiona as she frantically bucked her hips in the air  her beating panties looking so sexually horrific between her legs.  She suddenly came and he body shook fiercely whilst the panites suddenly stopped beating They have ejaculated inside me!!!! she cried and as the panties slowly settled to their passive state, there was a clearly wet patch running the length of her again revealed labia slit. Oh god what have you done to me???? Im a girl This is not my body!!!!  You fucking bastards why???? Why have you done this to me??? What have those fucking panties done???? ANSWER MEEEEEEE!!!!!

Shut up Fiona  enough free will, we want to watch not talk ordered Dr Taylor.  Fionas nipples became very erect suddenly and she ceased her outward hysteria and merely sat, occasionally smiling and making flirtatious eye contact with the men in the room and especiall with Steven.  It was very surreal and bizarre behaviour after the shocking happenings and clear distress occuring minutes before.

Any questions? asked Taylor

Yes! yelled out the young man named Peter What the fuck is going on???? What just happened??? Why are we here?

All in good time. You are here to help your government.  You also need to shut up

No fucking way man you have no right to. Yelled Peter only to be cut-short by a soldier pointing a gun suddenly in his face and ordering him to be silent or die.

As I was saying. Any questions? said Taylor

The general who was most vocal piped up Fiona was making some very bizarre comments.  I can imagine she might hate being raped  but why would she make the comment that this was not her body?
Because its not said Taylor matter of factly

What! Explain! demanded the general

Fiona is clearly a girl She is a Vulvoid girl.  Anatomically she is almost identical to a normal girl  except for her breasts, her intelligent breasts. Said Taylor

We know that!

Yes but what you dont know is how a girl gets to have intelligent breasts that control her and force her to endure things like you just saw her rape by a pair of living panties...

So how does a girl grow intelligent breasts? I never heard of that one in Personal Education. Girls when you become a teenager you will grow intelligent breasts that take over your body! mocked the general

A vulvoid girl is not born general she is made. Fiona was born a male  like you!  Those panties she is host to are responsible for her being a Vulvoid girl they caused her body to change when they were first put on her and you are about to see how a vulvoid reproduces. Said Dr Taylor to the sharp and shocked intakes of breath around the room.

Fiona began to groan and rub her stomach.  It was clearly swelling.  Dr taylor pointed to Fionas stomach and said inside there is a foetus like you have never seen Her panties ejaculated into her vagina, and the fluid travelled into her womb where it formed a zygote a vulvoid panty zygote Vulvoid panties grow very quickly in uterus. It will be fully formed in perhaps 15 more minutes.

And then? asked the general

Fiona will give birth. To a new vulvoid panty parasite.

And then?

You will see what happens to a male when a vulvoid panty takes it as a host.  Dr Taylor pointed to Stephen and said  get up here  pointing to the other bed.

No fucking way!  Youre not putting any filthy fucking living panites on me!  I dont want to become a girl!!! he yelled.

Taylor instructed the soldiers to assist and they grabbed the frantically bucking and resisting young man, hauling him to the spare bed and forcing him to lie down.  Stephen screamed and raged at the men, but the four marines were too strong the bed had velcro restraints which were fixed to Stephens legs, arms and neck.  A gag was placed in his mouth to stifle his screaming pleadings.

Peter was held at gun length and told he would die if he did anything stupid.  The only other girl in the room, the nurse, who looked shocked herself was directed to cut off Stephens clothes.  She did this with surgical scissors whilst Stephen stuggled in a futile way and while Fiona began to groan.

Fiona pulled her panties down and off and then stared at her incredibly female pubic mound. She had perfect lips that pulled apart as she spread her legs. Staring at her vulva it was almost unimaginable that Fiona had ever been a male. It was shocking to the men in the audience, and doubly so to Stephen, who had the very strong sense that he might soon be an enslaved girl just like Fiona.  Stephen shuddered to imagine what a cunt might feel like. No penis, no balls, a slit-like mouth, and a vagina. Large breasts It was a body he had lusted after but could not bear the thought of having. Those foul panties had stolen Fionas manhood and now he was going to endure the same fate!

Fionas belly was reasonably swollen and she began to groan  thrusting her hips in the air and whimpering.  The shape of her stomach changed ad the swelling moved downwards  clearly the panties were now moving into her vaginal birth canal.  Fiona quietly screamed help me!!! God no!!! Im giving birth You cant imagine how fucking horrendous this feels!!! No!!! My cunt!!! It hurts!!! These lips. No ahhhhh!!!! she began panting like a dog, staring at her vulva as wave after wave of vaginal cramp thrummed through her body. For perhaps 2 minutes this behaviour continued whilst her breasts widely distended nipples indicated extreme breast control.  Suddenly she screamed as her vulva lips pushed forward and her vagina began to open. The entrance to her vagina grew wider and you could clearly see an object, milky blue in colour, pushing forward.  Suddenly some of the birthing panties pushed out of her vagina and the whole mass oozed from her widely distended cunt whilst she cried and sobbed.  When the last of it had been ejected, her vagina hole slowly closed as it recovered its true shape On the bed lay a mass the size of two large grapefruit, a membrane covered sac containing fluid within which writhed an unmistakable object  living panties.

Dr Taylor deliberately stepped away from the newly birthed panties.  Fiona looked down at them and just screamed again.  My body!!! Oh my god  youve used my fucking body to make another of those fucking panties!!! Oh god no!!! Please god no.. I cant believe what Ive become!!! Nooooo!!!!

Shut up! yelled Taylor. You will follow your instincts. Here is a host!  He is just lying there you need to do what you know you must

Fiona shudderd, her wands shot up to her breasts and she grabbed them and began to squeeze them violently as if trying to pull them from her body Her nipples grew even more widely distended, which aparently was a sign of breast-brain control, and her hands moved suddenly away and she grabbed the birthed panty sac.  Stephen, then young man strapped to the adjacent bed was wide eyed and was thrashing against his bonds.  Fiona squeezed the sac and it ruptured, spilling the fluid unto the floor and leaving a writhing pair of living panties in her hands.  The panties looked completely normal except for the fact that they were moving Alive.

The juvenile panties can live for no more than an hour without a host. Said Taylor as fiona walked over to the young man and, with trembling hands, placed the panties onto Stephens exposed genitals.  The panties reacted instantly, using their cilla-like edges they scrabbled around his penis and flowed around his balls.  The briefly split at the seams and flowed around his arse and finally settled into position looking like an innocent pair of girls underpants on a young man  they were still for a moment, then they began to move again, the edges that looked like elastic suddenly dug into Stephens skin and burried themselves.  They began to move and flex and it was clear that some fluid was being drawn from Stepens body into the body of the panties.  Stephen was thrashing and groaning, yellinng and screaming into the gag in his mouth.  Slowly over the course of five minutes the gusset of the living panties swelled.  From the swollen mass of the gusset, the audience could see a penis-like shape begin to form  pushing into the space where Stephens penis was at the front of the panties.  Now there were two penis-sized shapes in the front of the panties

That shape you see forming is the panty penis-like organ It grows from the gusset and in this phase, it is more like an umbillical cord Shortly it will attach to the subjects penis Said Taylor and suddenly Stephen screamed and bucked wildly as the audience observed the panty unbillical reach and suddenly grab his penis within the panties.  The shape was clearly visible The unbillical was attached and had flowed around the head of the subjects penis.  The gusset of the panties began to slowly twitch and move, becoming more and more pronounced until it suddenly collapsed The large bulk of the gusset became flaccid and Stephen screamed like never before, the audience could see the penis-attached umbillacle also violently writhe as the contents of the engorged gusset was pumped down the unbillicle and into the poor mans penis.

The gusset has just pumped the first load of X-Virus into the host via the umbillable Taylor exclaimed.  As he spoke the gusset re-inflated then pumped again into the penis shaft.  The panties engorged again and deflated then again and again Before long the panties were beating like some hideous sexual heart between the legs of the poor young man Each pulsation pumping some fluid into his body that was rich in some substance that was causing his body to change.. His passage from man to girl had begun.

Stephen was jerking uncontrollably, clearly he was experiencing both pain and terror.  The panties throbbed and pulsated between his legs at a pace that was heart-like. The audience was watching on in shock and awe and Fiona merely sat, cupping her bald vulva, with tears running down her face  still clearly under breast-control.

After perhaps 20 minutes of beating, during which Stephens body and facial hair fell out and his skin began to noticibly soften, Stephen grunted and the audience saw his male nipples begin to grow. It took about 1 minute for them to assume girl-nipple proportions then they began to lift-off from his chest. A mass that was clearly forming underneath that everyone knew were breast brains.  They grew and grew becoming grapefruit sized within 10 minutes.  Stephen thrashed and screamed into his gag uncontrollably as this happened then his legs began to vibrate and shudder.

His breast-brain nerve bundle is in the process of attaching to his brain-stem now informed Taylor, who then walked over and pulled off the mouth gag from Stephen Stephen attempted to scream No!!! God no!!! I am becoming a girl!!! You fucking bastards!!! Get these fucking breasts of me!!! Please!!!! Get these panties off me!!!! No!!!! Ahhhh!!!!!! he screamed.  His nipples sprang up and his face contorted as the breasts took control of his body for the first time  He was forced to lie silently and endure the sexchange he was undergoing  Taylor then released the velcro bonds  leaving Stephen lying spread-legged on the bed.

As the panties inflated and deflated between his legs, it was clear that his balls and penis were dramatically smaller now. They continued to beat and beat then Stephen suddenly raised and bucked his hips, pumping his throbbing pubic mound into the air as a crunching sound filled the air It was very clear that Stephens hips were widening and his pubic bone flattening out as his pelvis assumed a girls body configuration.  His eyes were wide and leaking tears.  The bump made by his penis and balls was now much smaller than even before and in less than 2 minutes his balls had completely dissappeared.

I am going to temporarily stop the process and give you a direct view of the changing genitals of the subject announced Taylor, who grabbed a nearby hypodermic, injected it into the engorged gusset of the vulvoid panties.  The panties slowed their beating then stopped and the cilla-like edges released  Taylor ordered the female nurse to pull the hosts panties down She did so and this revealed an unbelievable sight. From the inside of the gusset of the panties snaked a 5 inch wriggling tube that was penis-size in diameter. This fould organ was attached the the tip of the subjects massively shrunken penis. The penis came from the host from what could only be described as clearly forming labia lips. It was obvious that the penis had little more time before it would be reduced to a clitoras at the front of the forming girl-mouth between stephens legs Stephen was going to have a cunt He was to be a girl and would never again know what a penis felt like other than as inserted into the vagina that would soon be between his legs.   

Stephen began to lean forward to get a better look between his legs.  He saw his poor shrunken penis with the hideous panty umbilicle firmly attached and saw the forming girl-lips that surrounded his rapidly feminizing groin.  He screamed and screamed and part way through his third scream his voice changed pitch and assumed a girls timbre. This made him scream all the more.

The panties began to writhe again and everyone could clearly see the gusset contract and the fluid contents of it pump down the panty umbillicle and into the shrunken penis to which it was attached. From the juddering of the penis it was clear the fluid was passing through it and into Stephens rapidly changing body.  The edges on the panties began to wriggle  the cilla-like edges that mimicked the looped elastic of girls underpants walked the panties back up Stephens legs and allowed the panties to resume their position covering his groin.  Stephen bucked and thrashed, but his widely distended nipples indicated breast brain control was in effect and he could do little more than watch the panties resume their beating, throbbing between his legs.  Over the next 10 minutes everyone observed the bulge in his panties become smaller and smaller until it was clear that his penis had fully absorbed and become a clitoras.  The panty umbillacle clearly moved position and Stephen screamed like never before as his vulva lips completed forming and the umbillacle began pushing into his body  forming a vagina as it went.  He screamed and screamed as he finally became a fully formed girl He was a she.

She watched the panties beating with a look for disbelief and horror Ive grown a vagina!!! Oh god Im a girl!!!! she screamed and screamed.  Her gusset slowly contracted and re-absorbed the umbillicle and the panties slowed to a stop, her vulva lips clearly visible in the shape of the finally-rested panties  a camel toe, between this former boys legs.

She grabbed her vulva with one hand and screamed as she desperately felt her cunt for the first hand. So flat! Its so flat!! Oh god no!!! Ive got a cunt!!1 A Vagina!  A vulva.. Cunt lips!!! Please noooooo!!!!! she pleaded before she pulled her panties down and everyone saw her bald cunt for the first time.  She stared in horror Her flat girls-lips split the flatness where her penis once was. She spread her legs and shuddered when her girl-lips also parted and revealed her vagina entrance and clitoras beneath,  She grabbed her nude mound and rubbed her cunt, her fingers slipping into her slit and she arched her back and screamed as she pushed two fingers between her lips and deep into her vagina. You fucking bastards!!! Im a girl!!! I cant stop myself from touching that horrendous sex organ This isnt my body!!! No!!!! My god, I can feel my fingers inside mymy.. ahhhhh!!!! VAGINA!!!!!.  Please god no .Its tingling stop it!!!! I cant stop my hand no!!!! she wailed as she massaged, prodded and frantically felt her new girl-mouth.  More and more she rubbed and more and more she bucked her hips, occasionally she would grab a breast with one hand and then scream all the more as her breast brains forced her to merely grop it sexually rather than tear the foul appendage from her body.  Suddenly she screamed and wildly pumped her vulva in the air with her hands at her side  we saw her vulva twitch violently before a gush of vaginal lubricant burst from her vulva, spraying the nurse. Stephen, now a girl had endured her first femal orgasm and it was a massive squirting orgasm.  Stephen, nipples widely engorged sobbed as she pulled her panties up to her mound, where they writhed as they fed upon her orgasmic release. Stephen closed her eyes could do nothing but endure this injustice and violation of her hated, newly formed, vulva.

To be continued...

VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm