The Notebook - It's Totally Unfair!

A/N: Back again! We hope you enjoyed chapter one. Now get ready for part two, in which some surprise guests show up for your reading pleasure.

Chapter warnings: Implied sex, Fuji torture, and a unanimously hated character.

The eight Regulars turned toward the entrance to see Fuji, accompanied by a policeman and pointing straight at Tezuka.

"He violated me, knocked me out, and locked me in the back of his car… I'm just so scared…" Fuji hid behind the officer, his arms hugging his body.

The policeman gave Tezuka a disgusted look. "All right, son, I'm takin' you down to the station. Damn sickos, I live to put bastards like you away…"

The captain was truly dumbfounded and couldn't even protest as the officer pulled out a pair of handcuffs.

"No, Sir, I think there's been some mistake," Ryuzaki-sensei said, standing. "Fuji, what did you tell this man?"

"Just the truth," Fuji said innocently. "That Tezuka knocked me out with a tennis ball and stuck me in the back of the car."

Ryuzaki looked at Tezuka. "Is that right?"

"It sounds much worse than it is."

She sighed. "I would never expect this from you."

"He was stripping in the middle of the parking lot. And we were both drunk. It was the first thing that came to mind." He turned to Fuji. "I tried not to serve it very hard."

"You hit it hard enough to knock me out," Fuji said, pouting.

"You were already about to pass out anyway. I just wanted it to happen before you were completely naked in front of Atobe's restaurant."

"Excuses, excuses…" Fuji sighed. "This will take a lot of making up, Kunimitsu…"

"Are you sure, Miss?" the policeman said. "You could press charges if you wanted to. Be strong. You can't let yourself be in an abusive relationship."

Fuji smiled sweetly. "Thank you, Sir. I'll keep that in mind."

The officer nodded to Fuji, gave Tezuka a nasty glare, and left.

"Fuji, that was very wrong of you! You could have gotten Tezuka in a lot of trouble," Ryuzaki scolded. "What if I hadn't jumped in when I did? He would've taken Tezuka to prison, and then what? It's illegal to lie to the police-"

"Yes, Sensei, I know. I'm sorry." Fuji didn't sound very sincere at all.

Ryuzaki raised an eyebrow. "Tezuka, I hope you give him a worthy punishment."

"I intend to, Sensei."

An hour and a half later, the Regulars and their coach pulled up to the cabin for the second time that day. Fuji started toward the cabin with the others, but Tezuka placed a hand on his shoulder to stop him.

"Finish your laps first."

"Can't I change?"

"No."

Fuji's smile turned a bit strained, but he turned and disappeared around the side of the cabin.

"And Inui's making Aozu," Tezuka called after him.

Once inside, the captain sat down next to Oishi on the sofa, where he was perfectly able to see out the window opposite them-or, more specifically, where he was able to see Fuji run past every minute or so.

"Tezuka, don't you think Aozu is a bit harsh?" Oishi said.

"Not at all."

Kaidoh appeared in front of them. "Buchou? May I suggest something?"

Oishi cocked his head to the side, looking as surprised as Tezuka felt. "Yes, you may," Tezuka said. It piqued his curiosity that Kaidoh would approach him with advice, but then again Inui and Fuji were quite alike, and he was well aware that Kaidoh and Inui squabbled frequently. Surely whatever Kaidoh had to say would be of good use against Fuji.

Oishi scooted over to make room for their kohai, and he and Tezuka leaned forward to listen.

By the end of their mini planning session, Tezuka was feeling extremely smug, and would've been smirking like the Cheshire cat had he been the type to show his emotions.

Fuji finished his laps fifteen minutes later, and spent most of the day passed out on the couch after swallowing a full pitcher of Aozu.

It was nearly eight o'clock in the evening when he woke up again. He looked around dazedly for a moment at his fellow Regulars. "How long have I been asleep?"

"Approximately five hours fifteen minutes," Inui said, whipping out his notebook. "A new record."

"Where's Tezuka?"

"Oh, he's gone to bed for the night," Oishi said. "Early as it is. I think he wants to be rested for tomorrow, especially after Inui slipped him that new alcoholic juice." The vice-captain sent a reproving look at Inui.

"I see." Fuji frowned. "I'll go up too, then." He stood, stretching his stiff limbs. "Good night."

"Night, Fujiko!" Eiji called.

Fuji climbed the stairs tiredly, plotting assorted graphic, painful ways to kill Inui. Some partner in crime. He yawned as he entered his and Tezuka's shared bedroom. He hadn't yet taken a shower from after his laps, but he figured it could wait until morning-he was just too exhausted tonight.

The first thing he realized was that Tezuka was not in bed. Confused, he started toward the bed, but stopped dead in his tracks when hot breath hit his neck. "I've been waiting for you… Syusuke."

All thoughts of exhaustion were erased when Tezuka whispered seductively in his ear. "K-Kunimitsu," he stuttered. "What are you-"

"Shh," Tezuka breathed soothingly. He kissed Fuji's neck, eliciting a choked moan from the tensai. "You look so sexy in this. I couldn't resist."

Fuji groaned again as Tezuka pulled his shirt over his head and began nipping at his shoulder. Tezuka pulled the tensai over to the bed, pushed him down, and straddled his hips.

"Mm… Mitsu… what about my punishment?"

"Oh, I'm going to punish you all right," the captain said wickedly. He moved off the tensai for a moment, tugged the pink skirt off, and sat on him again, this time on his thighs.

"What are you going to do to me?" Fuji asked in a pseudo-fearful voice, fighting down a giggle.

"First I'm going to tie you up," Tezuka said, breathing into Fuji's ear and making the tensai shudder. "And gag you…"

He demonstrated by pulling rope from under a pillow and tying Fuji's wrists to the headboard, then ripping a piece of duct tape off a roll and putting it over Fuji's mouth.

"And now I'm going to take your picture."

Fuji grinned-or tried to, forgetting the tape covering his mouth. This was just so kinky. Tezuka picked up his boyfriend's camera from the floor and began snapping photos.

"And now…" Tezuka said lowly, trailing a finger down Fuji's chest and along the hem of his thong. Suddenly he yawned. "It's late. We should go to bed."

Fuji blinked. What?

"I think I'll sleep on the couch in the living room tonight. Good night, Syusuke."

Fuji growled from behind the duct tape, yelling and cursing at Tezuka in his head as he struggled to get free. The sound of a door shutting had never been so cold and foreboding to him.

'Cold unfulfilling fucking bastard!' Fuji thought furiously. 'It's freezing. He could've at least pulled the covers over me.' He looked at the comforter on the bed, knowing there was no way he would be able to reach them without use of his hands.

Looking around, he saw a familiar blinking red light sitting on a ledge just above the door. Tezuka was recording this on video!

Fuji spent the night making sure that when Tezuka watched that tape, every single second would drive him insane. Especially after he got the tape off his mouth-who knew there were so many ways to moan Atobe's name?

Everyone slept in the next morning, save Taka and Ryuzaki, who were both quite surprised to see Tezuka asleep on the couch.

In Momo and Ryoma's room, the two kohai had curled up together in bed, despite their argument the previous night. Being probably the two laziest members of the team, it went without saying they were both still asleep.

"If it wasn't for the fact that-"

"It'd be almost cute, ne?"

Oishi and Inui laughed sheepishly at their boyfriends. When Eiji had gone to bed the previous night, he had accidentally crawled into the wrong one, specifically the one Kaidoh was already asleep in, leaving the two older boys to awkwardly share.

Yet Eiji and Kaoru snuggled together on the bed somehow didn't bother either of them too much. Inui even snapped a few pictures.

Tezuka gently shook Fuji awake. "Good morning," he said as Fuji opened his eyes blearily. "How did you sleep?"

The tensai glared up at him, livid.

"I see you got the tape off."

DEATH GLARE.

"Are you not speaking to me, Syusuke?"

"Fuck off."

That answered that question, Tezuka thought as he reached up to untie the ropes. "I'm sorry, Syusuke, but you needed to be taught a lesson."

Fuji ignored him. He rubbed his wrists and kneeled by his suitcase, pulling out clothes for the day.

"I'm going to take a shower," he said, pushing the bedroom door open.

"…Syusuke, you're still wearing-"

"I know. Don't forget to watch the tape, Kunimitsu."

Tezuka's eyes narrowed and he grabbed the camera. It would probably be a very bad idea to watch this… but he was extremely curious…

Fuji placed his clothes on the sink and pulled off the pink thong before turning the water on. He half-expected to hear a frustrated shout, but that wouldn't be like Tezuka at all. Instead, half-way through his shower, he heard the door open. He waited momentarily and finally the shower curtain was pulled open. Tezuka's firm chest pressed against his back.

"Syusuke, let's stop this nonsense…" Tezuka mumbled over the spray of the shower.

"Saa…" Fuji subconsciously rubbed the marks on his wrists.

"Kaidoh, Eiji, wake up!" Oishi and Inui shouted together, yanking the blankets off the two younger teammates.

Eiji shot up, immediately flicking his eyes toward the damnable box. Kaidoh just reached a hand up to take the blanket back and clamp his pillow over his head.

"Nya! Oishi, what am I doing in this bed?" Eiji wrapped himself around his doubles partner.

"Well, you crawled in last night, and you and Kaidoh both looked comfortable, so-"

"But Oishi!" he argued.

Inui picked up Kaidoh, pondering which annoying way he should wake him up when Kaidoh grunted something sounding like, "Put me down, Inui-sempai!"

"It's getting late, Kaoru. Time to wake up," Inui reprimanded.

Kaidoh glared at him and climbed back into bed, pulling the pillow over his head again. The data analyst sighed. "I didn't want to do this, but…" He leaned down and pinched Kaidoh's butt, making the kohai yelp and jump up.

"INUI-SEMPAI!"

Inui grinned wickedly. "Hurry up and get dressed. Ryuzaki-sensei's making breakfast."

The four of them went downstairs, where Taka was helping Ryuzaki with their breakfast. "Morning," Taka said brightly. "Sleep well?"

Kaidoh and Eiji blushed and mumbled something, while their semes chuckled.

"Where are Tezuka and Fuji?" Ryuzaki asked. "Tezuka slept on the couch last night, but he went upstairs a while ago…"

"I believe Tezuka and Fuji are currently in the shower." Inui said.

Taka flushed. "Together?"

"Yes."

"Nya, but, aren't they mad at each other?" Eiji asked.

"I'd say they're pretty much even," Oishi said. "Tezuka got a little revenge last night."

Eiji frowned but didn't press. He'd get Oishi to tell him later. "Somebody has to go wake up Momo and Ochibi."

Momo and Ryoma were already half-awake-the thumping noises coming from the other side of their bedroom wall had roused them.

Ryoma, buried beneath a mound of covers twice his size, reached a hand up and pounded on the wall. Momo supposed this was the freshman's way of saying, "Shut the fuck up! I'm trying to sleep!"

Then he realized something.

"Oi, Echizen? Isn't the bathroom on the other side of this wall?"

Two owlish gold eyes popped out of the covers under a mop of messy hair.

As Taka was about to open the door, two flustered kohai bulldozed past him and down the stairs.

Taka blinked in surprise. "What-" He walked in and heard the thump-thump against the wall, coupled with faint, unintelligible moans and shouts. The power layer flushed and hurried from the room.

Momo and Ryoma sat down at the table, both beet red.

"Ne, Momo, Ochibi, what's wrong?"

The pair stuttered but didn't manage to say anything, both too flustered to form a complete sentence.

"It's possible they overheard Tezuka and Fuji's activities, seeing as the bathroom is on the other side of the wall closest to their bed."

Kaidoh blushed, and the Golden Pair sniggered.

"Echizen, you aren't broken again, are you?" Momo said, prodding his boyfriend's shoulder. Ryoma just stared at his plate.

"He'll be fine when he has food," Oishi said.

Twenty minutes later, Tezuka and Fuji ambled down the stairs, hair damp. Fuji was walking strangely, almost limping. Eiji giggled.

The couple frowned, confused, as the others at the table attempted to hold in their laughter. When Fuji sat down, yelped, and shot up again, the sniggering just got worse.

He sat again, more gingerly this time, and surveyed the others. "Okay, what's so funny? Or do you want me to find out the hard way?" The icy glint in his eyes and the tone of his voice had them all silent. The entire team gave a collective shudder, thinking back to the shower incident.

"Sensei, what are the plans for today?" Oishi asked in an attempt to switch subjects.

"Well, I figured we could go into town, there seemed to be some interesting shops," Ryuzaki said, look at the fukubuchou.

"Ne, Buchou?" Echizen gave Tezuka a too-innocent look. "Is the thumping monster in the bathroom gone? Or were you 'mating with the forest people' too?"

Everyone laughed at the freshman's comment. Tezuka turned an interesting shade of red, and Fuji jumped up, only to yelp and collapse, missing his chair.

"Itai!" Fuji cringed. "Mitsu-chan, don't be so rough next time, please." He pouted up at his seme.

"So much for the 'no sex for a month' rule," Eiji muttered, giggling. Tezuka's flush darkened.

Half an hour later, they piled into the cars and set off for the town.

It was a very small town, no more than a mile in any direction, but at least fifty tiny shops were crammed together on either side of the main street.

Fuji, Eiji noticed, was having a difficult time walking-he was limping still and cringed at every step. Eiji put a comforting arm around his friend's shoulder. "Ne, Fujiko, are you all right?"

"I'm fine, Eiji," Fuji answered, offering the acrobat a reassuring smile.

Eiji raised an eyebrow suggestively. "I guess Buchou was really into it, huh?"

"Well, it's not just that. I was repeatedly being thrown against the wall. My back is killing me."

"Ouch. Are you sure you're okay to walk, then?"

"I'll be fine. I've had worse."

Eiji pouted. "It's totally unfair!"

This caught Fuji off-guard. "What's unfair, Eiji?"

"I want to be aching all over from awesome shower sex, but Oishi's too much of a prude to go all the way!"

The tensai blinked, then smiled. "Don't worry, Eiji. You just have to give him some time. He'll come around eventually."

"He's had five years to come around! We've done all the other stuff, so why can't we just do it?" He sighed. "I hate being the only third year virgins. Even Kaidoh lost it before me, and he's only a second year!"

"Well, you can still beat Momo and Echizen," Fuji said helpfully.

"I'm not so sure after yesterday's discussion. Echizen was talking about buying lube. Honestly, I'm considering just jumping him to get it over with. After that he can't complain, right?"

Fuji shook his head. "No, Eiji, you can't do that. Your first time is supposed to be special."

"Hypocrite! Yours was in the locker room!"

"That was special. Tennis is what brought Tezuka and me together. We would've done it on the courts if we could've gotten away with it."

"Knowing you, you could have," Eiji muttered.

"Kikumaru," Inui said, walking up behind him, "according to my data, you will be eighty-nine percent more pleased if you wait for Oishi."

"But Inui! Oishi-"

"There is a seventy-two percent chance you are not ready for a sexual relationship," he added, flipping through a few pages.

Fuji slipped a hand into Eiji's comfortingly. Sometimes the naïve little neko-boy was just too much. That, and he was having a hard time walking normally without his friend's support.

"I'm already in a sexual relationship," Eiji argued. "Oishi and I have been doing stuff for years. We just haven't gone all the way, and I don't know why."

"He probably doesn't want you walking around with a limp." Kaidoh gave the cat-like boy a half-smile as he slipped in beside Inui. The analyst slipped an arm around him.

Fuji yelped painfully as a person going the opposite direction bumped into him. Eiji reflexively grabbed his friend and scowled at the passerby.

Tezuka and Oishi heard the noise and looked back quickly.

"Syusuke?" Tezuka said worriedly, rushing to Fuji's side. "What's wrong?"

"Nya, somebody bumped into him," Eiji said spitefully, squeezing Fuji more tightly.

Tezuka's eyes widened. "Are you in that much pain, Syusuke?"

Fuji shook his head and gave his boyfriend a pained smile. "I'm fine, really."

The buchou frowned, looking doubtful. "Maybe we should go back."

"I don't want to ruin everyone's fun."

Eiji scowled at Tezuka. "This is all your fault, Tezuka!"

Tezuka blinked. "Pardon?"

"You and your insatiable sexual appetite! You're the reason Fujiko's hurt!"

"Eiji, don't-"

"Insatiable sexual appetite? Were you not just complaining about not having lost your virginity yet?" Tezuka argued.

Oishi looked at Eiji with wide eyes. "Is that true, Eiji?"

Eiji's cheeks turned quite an amusing shade of red, and suddenly the sidewalk became extremely interesting. "Y-yes…"

The tensai gave the captain a glare. "Tezuka, that was quite unnecessary. Don't but into their sex life!"

"I believe it was Kikumaru who was butting into our sex life, Fuji." Tezuka fixed a look on the tensai.

"Eiji was concerned for my welfare!"

Oishi, Taka, and the other couples watched in awe. It was rare to see Fuji look so utterly pissed.

"Even so, he had no right to yell at me."

"Well, to be honest, it is your fault I'm hurt-"

"You weren't complaining at the time."

A crowd was now gathering around the arguing couples, curious passersby having stopped to watch the drama unfold.

"It's rather hard to complain when you're mouth is covered and you're pressed up against the wall of a shower, Tezuka." Fuji took a careful but firm step forward, as if challenging his boyfriend.

"Eiji, I'd prefer you discussed these things with me before complaining to Fuji…"

"Nya, Oishi, I try, but whenever I do you get all embarrassed and change the subject!"

It was Oishi's turn to clamp up as he realized all the times he had brushed the subject off; he'd been doing it for at least two of the years he and Eiji had been together.

"Oh my gosh!" A shrill exclamation broke into the arguments. "Look, Nee-chan! Nee-chan! It's those people you're always talking about, the ones who play tennis!" A tiny girl with orangey hair and a mole on her cheek ran into the midst of them.

"Ryomoka!" a taller, almost identical girl called, running up to them. "Ryomoka, you shouldn't run off-ohmigod! Ryoma-sama!" The girl, upon seeing Ryoma, glomped him.

"T-Tomoka?" he shouted.

-TBC-

A/N: MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA. CLIFFHANGER. O.O …Reviews please? Kya…So much shorter than chapter one! /sigh/ Oh well! There's more cracky drama in that chapter…