Dice Dares the second game
by tequila mockingbird

same game new players, the boys cheat again

The Rules

So here are the rules of dare dice. There is a game board of 50 spaces and each round players roll a dice and answer questions to move. If you get the question wrong they have to have to do a dare to still be able to move, although it will be one space less than the roll. The last one to get to the end of the board loses. Usually the dares are easy but the rules have been modified and a new dare list wrote up. To pick a dare you have to roll three 20 sided dice. The loser at the end of the game has to roll each dice twice and add the results together meaning it is very easy to get higher and more embarrassing numbers and a high chance of 20-20-20. The last dare has to be done but other dares can be skipped but it means not moving increasing your chances of losing dramatically. Each player also got 3 re-rolls to use throughout the game, however if you re-rolled one of your dice you have to do the re-rolled dare with no backing out, you can however re-roll again.

The rolls of the dice mean as follows:

The first indicates the dare:
1 nothing,
2 sit,
3 stand,
4 sing,
5 jump on the spot,
6 run on the spot,
7 sit hands on head,
8 stand hands on head,
9 sing hands on head,
10 sing and dance,
11 star jump,
12 Spin around with hands on head,
13 run to gate and back,
14 run to gate and back no covering,
15 headstand, 16 hide clothes and seek,
17 hide clothes and seek no covering or dressing until found
18 run down street and back no covering,
19 get spanked by the other players,
20 other players choice.

The second dice indicates what clothes you can wear
1 fully dressed,
2 no socks shoes or jacket,
3-4 undies showing,
5-6 bottoms down,
7-8 top up,
9-10 bottoms off
11-12, top off,
13-14 show undies and bra/vest,
15-16 undies and bra/vest only,
17 no bottoms or undies,
18 no top or bra/vest,
19 undies only,
20 naked.

The final dice indicates time
1-2 1sec,
3-4 5sec,
5-6 10sec,
7-8 30sec,
9-10 1min,
11-12 30sec,
13-14 5min,
15-16 10min,
17-18 15min,
19 30min,
20 roll again and double the Timex2.

PT1 the game begins

Jimmy’s brother Kyle had told him of a time a few years ago when they had tricked a couple of girls into playing a rigged game of truth or dare using a converted version of a kids dare board game. Jimmy had found the game and convinced four local girls to play it with him and his friend Tom.

Jimmy grinned at Tom as he picked up the dice to go first, not only had they worked out hand signals to help each other out but by going first they were in for a better chance of winning anyway. Jimmy wasn’t the smartest kid but his friend Tom was and together they were finally going to see a naked girl and not just perving up skirts. 50 spaces were between them and victory and so he threw the 20 sided dice. Laughing he landed on 17 one of the best rolls he could have hoped for. The question was a science one which surprisingly he actually knew. His piece moved to spaces 17 already a good third of the way across the game board. He handed the dice to Tom who looked nervous despite the first turn.

Tom threw a 7 and drew a question on History, It wasn’t his best subject and the question on WW2 caught him out he looked up at Jimmy who just shrugged. The girls were all giggling together as he threw the three dare dice. (4,6,17) “so that’s Singing pants down for quarter of an hour” laughed paige seeing the geeky boys face flush. Tom read over the re-roll rules again but didn’t want to get caught so early, he decided to skip the dare and hoped the girls wouldn’t pull too far in front. The girls just laughed and taunted that they was going to have a naked geek by the end of the game, Tom looked at the board blushing red.

Despite her taunts Louise the oldest of the girls looked worried as she threw the dice for herself, she had been strongly against playing but had been bullied into it by Paige and the others. She threw a solid 9 and picked up the question card, she considered herself to be quite smart and was known as a know it all by the others. The question was on cars which she didn’t know so rolled her own set of dare dice. (11, 14, 4) her laughter turned to nervousness and Jimmy grabbed up the dare sheet, “5 seconds doing star jumps with your knickers and bra on show” he beamed eager to see her undressed. “I’m going to re-roll the clothes dice” she said trying to act confident and unphased. She picked it up and rolled again. The dice landed on (4) “so just knickers showing” she said standing. She forced herself not to blush and look unaffected. Loads of times her jeans would have fallen showing the top of her knickers. She pulled her denim shorts and white tights down slightly so you could see the pink waistband and white cotton of her knickers. The boys were smiling already picturing her in only them covering her long legs. Everyone got a good giggle at the her jumping but she finished and moved her piece eight spaces one less for getting the question wrong.


Pt2 - Lilly's shame 

Paige went next eagerly grabbing up the dice “I’ve got this one I the bag, before this is finished I’m going to see your little willy Tommy-boy” she laughed. She also rolled 17 and picked up a card and swore as she picked up a history question. However the question on Henry the 8ths six wives she actually knew singing the ryle happily. She moved 17 spaces joining Jimmy in first. 

Lilly went next, she was the youngest of the group and Louise’s little sisters. She looked a lot like her older sister just more petite and youngers not yet having properly developed her womanly curves. She cheered happily throwing 19. However the question was on sports and so she got it wrong and nervously rolled the dare dice. (3,14,16) “no!” she cried as her dare was to stand up for ten minutes with her bra and knickers on show. She turned red just thinking of the boys seeing her bra and embarrassing undies. She seriously regretted wearing the clothes she had on today as well as getting involved with this game, she always wanted to join in with the older teens. “ok I’m rerolling clothes” she said as the others just laughed at her discomfort. (16) they all laughed as she cried out in frustration. “Not just showing but only your undies sis” laughed Louise loving her annoying sisters discomfort. “Ok re-rolling again” she said stubbornly wasting her second roll. Again the dice landed on (16). “What! Nooo” she screamed what choice did she have now she had to do a dare but if she wasted her last re-roll it could all go wrong, what if she ended up naked! After a few seconds of thought a flushed Lilly rolled the dice. The dice landed on (12), it was a strange feeling of mortification and relief that filled her. Her dare was to stand in front of everyone for ten whole minutes with her top off, but luckily she could cover. She was in a summer dress so the teens luckily declared she could just pull it down past her belly button t give the illusion of it actually been off. She was shaking almost in tears and red faced as she slipped it down and quickly covered her bra with her hands.

The yellow summer dress was now only just a skirt as her pale skinny top half was exposed to the onlookers. Both her arms clamped over her small bra covered breasts hiding her from more embarrassment and exposure. Her bra was light grey and luckily she hid the embarrassing printed cups. Tom had flushed red at the sight of her and had to look away but Jimmy merely grinned getting a good eyeful. The other girls especially Paige and her sister laughed at her calling her the little stripper. Ten minutes seems like an awfully long time for a young teen especially when you're stood been laughed at and ogled by both boys and girls older than you. She felt like such a little kid but stubbornly forced herself not to cry. As she finished she quickly turned pulling her dress back on fully and moved her piece a whole 18 squared along.


PT3 - Paige shows no shame

Last to go was Poppie a fairly new addition to their friendship group, the others had given her the nickname poshie due to her accent and her family been fairly well off before her dads business went under last year. She was probably the shyest of the group and nervously picked up the dice to roll. She only rolled a 7 and got her question right on geography as she had been on a round the world trip. She moved 7 putting her in second to last.

As the second round started Jimmy rolled a 19 grinning wildly, Paige accused him of cheating with the dice but her words were only in jest. The question was on cars and he got it right again putting him on space 36.

Tom went next visibly nervous about losing after his terrible first round. However he rolled a 14 and picked up a question on cars. He didn’t know the answer but as he looked over a t Jimmy he scratched his ear indicating the second answer, getting it right he moved to space 14.

Louise rolled an 8 but didn’t have a clue about the sports question she was given . Nervously she threw the dare dice again. (18,1,14) so all she had to do was run down the street fully clothes for five minutes, the others agreed to let her skip the dare as it was a pointless time waste. She moved 7 spaces to space 15 just in front of Tom.

Paige grabbed up the dice and rolled a 6. The question was on sports which she was usually quite good at but she got it wrong. For her dare she rolled (7,11,7) which was 30 seconds sat hands on head top off. Everyone was laughing but she shrugged and pulled her tank top up and over her head revealing her plain white bra covering her small cleavage. She blushed slightly but wasn’t too bothered as it was only like being at the pool. The position pushed her chest forward slightly giving the boys a great view. She counted quickly giving Jimmy the evil eye as his eye practically popped out of his head staring at her. On 30 she got dressed face slightly red like her messy ginger hair pulled back into a ponytail, she moved her piece to space 22, she passed the dice onto a still blushing Lilly.

Again she threw a 19 but a lot of her early delight had been deflated. Her question was on sports and somehow she got it right as a total guess. She moved to space 37 putting her in the lead with a big grin and passed the dice to Poppie.

She shook the dice for a while looking at the board, it would be her absolute nightmare to be naked in front of the pervy boys so she had to catch up. She threw a 19 smiling at her luck. The question was on history now her best subject but ok, she got it right knowing the roman god of love. She moved to space 26.


PT4: Louise shows her cupcake knickers

In the third round Jimmy broke his streak by throwing a 6. Again he drew a good question on motor racing, laughing he answered the question easily moving to space 41 just 9 spaces from victory.

He passed the dice to Tom who rolled 15 and got a question on sports. He didn’t know it so looked to Jimmy for help. However his friend failed again shrugging making Tom roll the dice again. (4,19,13) the girls burst into hysterics as Paige read out the dare: “sing for us in your undies only” He decided to roll clothes again getting a (7). So a red faced Tom had to sing with his top up showing the girls his pale skinny chest, he was red faced and a terrible singer. However when he was done he moved his piece 14 putting him on 28.

Louise was now in last and needed a big number to catch her up. Nervously she threw the dice landing on a 12. She picked up a geography question and got it wrong. She grabbed the dare dice and forced her hand to stop shaking, she was the oldest here and shouldn’t be scared by stupid dares, as long as she didn’t end up naked she was ok. (19,5,11) Lilly burst into giggles at her sisters predicament. “ready to get a spanking on your knickers?” Louise just stared at the dice, she knew she had to do a dare now or it was going to be terrible if she ended up naked. “I’ll re-roll the dare” showing her knickers was going to be bad enough never mind the boys getting to touch her bum. The dice landed on (12), which was spinning around hands on head. It was bad but not as bad, reluctantly the tall girl got to her feet.

She was wearing a pair denim shorts with white tights underneath and a white flowery jumper on top. She had long blond hair that flowed down her back, she was quite pretty with a medium build. With blushing cheeks she pulled down her shorts and tights in one swift motion. Her pale legs long legs came into view and the boys got a good view all the way up to her exposed panties . her knickers were fairly standard, a pair of white briefs with a bright pink trim, in the centre was a cartoon pink cupcake. She blushed deeply as she started to spin on the spot closing her eyes to try and forget where she was and what she was doing. The boys got a great view of her lovely legs and round bottom, she had the most womanly curves of all the girls and this showed as she was only covered by her cotton knickers.

The other girls were laughing at her predicament, Jimmy was having the show of his life while Tom didn’t look away this time but was taken with a nervous excitement and was glowing bright red again. After thirty seconds she redressed quickly blushing.

“hand them over cup-cake” laughed Paige holding out her hand for the dice. Blushing again Lou handed them over. Paige shook it quickly and threw it across the room, the boys had to lift up the chair to see it had landed on 15 making the Chavy girl laugh saying she was going to win. However another geography question slipped her up and she had to roll her dare. (12,7,16) “oh come on you’ve already seen my bra, 10 minutes is forever!” she complained slightly blushing “I’m going to re-roll time” she rolled again and landed on (2) “that’s better one second” she laughed whipping off her tank top again, her pale freckled skin was on show again to the boys and the second was over quickly. She moved her piece 14 spaces to 36 and passed the dice on to Lilly.

Lilly was still grinning over her sister showing everyone her cup-cake knickers and threw her move dice. It landed on 8 but this would still be enough to put her in first. It was a science question but guessing again she got it right. The dice was then passed on to Poppie.


PT5 Posh knickers and plain knickers

The posh girl shook the dice landed on 13, it was a science question but she got her periodic table wrong and nervously had to throw a dare. (15,4,7) handstand with knickers showing for 30 seconds. Poppie was quite athletic so this should be easy, her many years of ballet had left her body well toned and she was a very feminine figure. The only problem she realised was he white top was very loose and thirty seconds was an awfully long time to be upside down. She pulled her designer jeans down slightly exposing the fancy yellow lace trim of her knickers, the girls giggled “Got your pulling knicks on have ya Poshie?” laughed Paige. The posh girl quickly went into a handstand and after a few seconds gravity took it’s toll, her knickers were covered up somewhat but her top crept down her stomach exposing her belly and only stopped at her breasts exposing her matching yellow trimmed bra. Another round of laughter went up but quickly after she was able to roll out of it and re-adjust her clothes. She was red faced as the others mocked her posh undies but moved her piece 12 spaces to 38.

The dice was passed back to the boys, Jimmy rolled an 8 and got a geography question, not having a clue he looked over at Tom who signaled the right answer letting him move to space 49 only 1 away from finishing.

Tom rolled next really nervous as he was in last place. He rolled a 20. He didn’t know the sports question but with a bit of cheating from Jimmy he moved to space 48, he passed the dice to Louise who was physically shaking with fear now as she was last, she could see her little sister and Paige smirking at her. she grabbed the dice and rolled. Fisting the air and whooping she threw a 20, getting this right would give her a much needed boost. She got a sports question right and moved to space 46.

She handed the dice smugly over to paige. “hey no ones landed on a chance card yet” she laughed before throwing. She only threw a 5 so wouldn’t be winning this turn. She got her sports question wrong and yet again had to roll a dare. (2, 19, 4) everyone started laughing, even Paige went red at the thought of sitting in only her knickers in front of everyone. It was one thing to see her underwear for a few seconds but been seen bare was another. “I’ll re-roll clothes obviously” she said throwing again, she had only two chances though or this could be mortifying. The dice landed on 14, “fine I’ll do that” she said as she pulled down her tracky bottoms revealing a pair of plain white knickers and pulled up her top revealing her white bra and small cleavage again. Her pale skin was almost totally exposed now apart from her underwear. She covered herself up denying the boys much of a show before the 5 seconds were up and she pulled her clothes back down and up into place. Jimmy was grinning like a cheshire cat drinking in the sight of half naked girls.


PT6

Lilly was losing now after her sisters grad escape and was scared that the boys might end up seeing her naked. She grabbed the dice trying to act brave as she threw 17. She was happy with that and got her celebrity question right moving her to be the first threw the finish line. She whooped in joy, relief washing over her now she was guaranteed not to be naked. “ok so I gotta choose someone to do a dare or be sent back?” she said with a big grin looking at the gameboard and players.

“big sis” she laughed as she rolled the dice. (18, 7, 20) (7x2) “so run down the street and back with your top up for a whole minute… come on time to flash the street” she laughed seeing the pain in her sisters face.

Louise just looked at her space and knew she had to do it or risk losing later. However the thought of been caught outside was too much so she decided to re-roll the dare part although she was red faced just thinking about the boys seeing her bra again. The dice landed on 12, “spin around sister” the little twerp giggled again.

And so she did, the tallest girl in the group got to her feet shakily biting her lip nervously and looked around. Her sister and Paige wore large grins loving her humiliation, Poppie looked at her with sympathy. Of the boys Jimmy as expected couldn’t wait to see her bra while Tom looked both excited and embarrassed at the same time. Slowly she pulled the jumper up and over her breasts up to her neck, her decent sized breasts bounces out of the fabric giving the boys a great view of her pink bra and womanly figure, she had a slight chunky stomach but it all added to her appeal as opposed to the others who were really thin. Her breasts wouldn’t have been called large but a good size for her age and compared to the others she was the biggest. Tom again had to look away and Jimmy looked like he was about to explode from excitement staring at the busty girl who started spinning and counting down from 60.

She was bright red and tears stung her eye as she turned exposing her most private assets for the pleasure of the boys and amusement of the girls. Once done she quickly pulled her jumper back down hiding her pink bra from the boys. Even so she had done it and now didn’t have to move back. The turn passed onto Poppie who took the dice with shaky hands obviously dreading having to do the same no to end up naked.

Poppie threw a 10, not enough to win but maybe enough to save her next turn if someone backed out. However she pulled a sports question and got it wrong and had to throw the dare dice. “can’t we stop playing this?” she begged in fear. She was met by laughter and people saying to throw and stop being such a baby. “you agreed to play” taunted Paige “if you quit we’ll just make you do the forfeit dare plus more for quitting.” She said grinning. Paige had never really liked the posh girl who had disrupted their friendship group and was itching for the chance to totally humiliate her. So the posh girl dropped the dice (11,15,12) “NO” she whimpered even before checking what it was. It was Jimmy that grabbed it up and announced happily, “Star Jump in your bra and panties only for thirty seconds” shaking her mind raced she had to do this dare or the chances were she would be naked soon. “ok I’ve still got all my re-rolls” she said before re-throwing her clothes dice. It landed on (14) “there you go bra and panties but your clothes not totally off” laughed Paige “although It’s going to be hard to star jump with them around your ankles” her heart was racing now“again” she said dreading another high result. (13) same result. Everyone burst into laughter again at her distress, she had one last go but if it was worse she would have to do it, if she had to jump topless or bottomless or worse she would have a breakdown.

She didn’t know what to do she stood as if to start but couldn’t bring herself to strip in front of the boys. “again” she whispered sitting back down and grabbing the dice. Whatever the result she would have to do it. Everyone was silent waiting to see the result of this roll. 1. “YES”she screamed in joy! She started star jumping fully dressed, everyone looked physically gutted, after she was done moved her piece 9 spaces landing on 47. Everyone was only a few spaces away now being last put her in a massive disadvantage she needed someone to fail a dare or roll really low.

Jimmy rolled 19 but only needed 1 space. He didn’t know the history question answer but Tom did and so he finished with a big grin after never doing an embarrassing dare. “Ok Lou, you’re the most likely to win this turn so lets send you back and give the others a fair chance” he laughed rolling the dare dice for her. (5,8,20) -> (18x2) he laughed loudly, “half an hour jumping on the spot top up, ooo this will be a nice bouncy show”

Louise looked mortified at the prospect, it was bad enough a quick flash earlier never mind the boys getting a good oggle of them bouncing for a whole thirty min. “I’ll re-roll time” she found herself saying. It was going to be awful but at least it wouldn’t be for ages if she was lucky. She rolled a 5. Smiling she only had to do it for 10 seconds. She also realised she could cover so it wasn’t so bad jumping in her pink bra arms crossed over her chest.


PT7 and we have a Loser

Next came Toms go he rolled a 9, his question was on celebrity and luckily he knew the answer as he had recently watched a film with her in moving him to finish. “Lou, sorry” he said after been prodded by Jimmy. Louise looked angry everyone was picking on her it was obvious the boys wanted to see her naked the most. He rolled (13, 13 , 20) (7x2) “so that’s one minute of running to the gate and back with your shorts down and top up” laughed Lilly. “go on sis flash the neighbourhood”. What choice did she have? If she let herself be bullied now she would be at their naked mercy soon enough. “fine she said” looking sheepish walking to the front door. Luckily Jim’s garden had a big privity wall all the way around so the only way someone would see her if they passed his gate and looked up the path. The other teens were in hysterics as she started doing an awkward shuffle run down the garden again showing her bra and panties to the world. She managed three laps before her time was up. As she stopped to pull her shorts and tights up a wolf whistle came from down the bottom of the garden, a young lad about 12 had seen her and was pointing her out to his mate, she quickly redressed and ran inside sobbing.

The others apart from Poppie were almost in tears laughing as she ran back in. “nice one streaker” laughed Lilly. Finally it was actually Lou’s go. She picked up the dice willing at least a 3. She threw a 6 but got a sports question getting it wrong she had to do another dare, “this isn't fair I’ve had to do loads” she complained picking up the dice. (6,3,4) 5 seconds running on the spot was easy after everything and so quickly finished it and won.

She had to pick someone to do a dare, she looked at her two closest friends, her and Paige had been friends forever but Poppie was so shy doing an awful dare would kill her, plus Paige had been enjoying her humiliation. “sorry but it’s gotta be you Paige” she said.

Paige’s heart dropped, it felt like a cold knife of betrayal from her best friend. She scowled at her but tired to play if off. She watched only half paying attention as the dice fell. (20, 17, 10) her eyes went wide. “players choice, totally bottomless for 1 min” laughed Jimmy, she blushed then thinking of all the horrible things she might have to do with not even her knickers to cover her privates. “ok as it’s not a normal dare can I still backout if i re-roll?” she said “Nope” said Jimmy looking at the rules. “you’ve got to stick with it” Paige just nodded, she had to re-rolls left and this could go horribly wrong but she had to finish before the posh little twit. She rolled the dice landing on 16, her heart dropped, it was better but still terrible being at their mercy in just her bra and knickers, it it was up to Jimmy she’d end up giving a lap dance or something perverted. “What will my dare be?” she asked sweating in fear and embarrassment. The teens had a huddle,” if you do one now you’ve got to do a provocative dance on random-chat but if you re-roll clothes again it might be something else. This was terrible, her video or image might end up on the internet in her underwear there was no way she was going to do that she would have to risk one last re-roll, what would she do if she had to get naked…

She rolled the dice almost in tears herself. She laughed and cheered as it landed on 1. The game wasn’t over she would probably not be the one ending up naked. They dared her to text rude messages to boys in her phone, it was bad and should would have to claim being hacked later but quickly the dare was over and she could actually take her go.

She threw a 20, “sorry posh looks like you’ll be showing more than your fancy panties to the boys” she laughed picking up a question. It was a fashion question, all the other girls would probably get it so she had to guess. Her answer was wrong and she had to roll a dare, as long as she did this she would finish before Poppie. (16, 9, 10) “Whats hide and seek clothes?” she asked slightly confused. “you gotta strip down and we hide any clothes you take off” she didn’t look too happy about it but it meant finishing the game. She removed her Tracky bottoms and closed her eyes and started counting. Jimmy grabbed them grinning and ran out the room. He came back in a few seconds later, he pulled the front of his own joggers down showing him to be wearing them himself underneath he motioned for them to shush as she finished counting. She stood there covering her white knickers showing her pale skinny legs to the boys again. “are they in this room?” she asked dubiously “Yep promise on my life” laughed Jimmy.

Everyone got a good laugh for the next ten min as she searched high and low letting the boys get a lots of great views of her bending down bum. She was getting mad but her demands to know where met by saying it was cheating. “Fine” she said stubbornly putting a pillow on her lap and moving herself to the finish. “Ok Poppie you gotta do my winners dare” “Nah” said Jimmy, “she’s the only one left she’ll lose and skip dares until she finishes all she has to do is roll the double dice dare. He grinned looking at the posh girl who would soon probably be naked.


PT8: poppie's seductive dance

Poppie was almost in tears, the boys had barely seen her underwear and that was bad enough, her dare was probably going to be much worse than anything that had happened today. She begged to not make her do it but even Lou agreed that she had to. This was the price of fitting in. she the the dice. First the dare: (16+7) players choice. Then the clothes: (7+ 12) undies only “Aww come on what are the chances thought we was going to see a posh girl butt naked!” complained Paige, “I guess topless in just her posh knickers will do though” she laughed time dice fell last (1+13) “so that’s five minutes only in your knickers doing our choice”

Poppie was white with fear wondering what they was going to make her do, the boys, Paige and Lilly were sat down discussing it when Lou came over to her and put an arm around her. She was trying to stop the tears, “you’ve got to be brave Pops, if you don’t do the dare they’ll strip you butt naked anyway for not doing the dare” that didn’t make Poppie feel any better but she nodded.

“Ok Posh, you’ve got to do a strip dance for us until you're just in your little fancy knickers, but don’t be too long about it because then you’ll have another task to do we’re your master for the next 5 min” laughed Paige with an evil grin, she was going to punish the little posh girl for stealing her best friend.

Paige started playing some seductive music and Poppie was forced to start undressing. Her fingers fumbled on the buttons and zip of her jeans but reluctantly she let them drop down her legs. She revealed her tanned legs and fancy knickers. They were bikini cut and a little bit more revealing than the other girls, they were grey with a yellow bow in the center matching their trim around the edges. It was a bit risky but she wanted to show them off to the girls that night at the sleepover, she never imagined that she’d be parading around in them in front of the boys. Paige forced her to dance turning so the boys could see her slightly exposed bum in the tight knickers. Tom was gobsmacked he had a massive crush on the clever rich girl and Jimmy was practically drooling over the show.

She then had to remove her loose top, swinging it around her head, her face was bright red and teary making her make up run slightly down her face, her dark hair had fallen out of it’s immaculate style by now. The bra was matching to the panties and barely hid her modest cleavage. Her breasts were almost as big as Lou’s and their milky white flesh was a great contrast to the rest of her fairly tanned skin. About a minute had gone and her tormentors had grown impatient. “take it off!” whistled Paige staring at the girls barely covered chest.

Crying Poppie summoned all her willpower to reach back and unclasped her bra, she let it drop but crossed her arms to cover herself. Everyone was getting a great view now, “spin around” laughed Paige and the posh girl obeyed, all her skin was well tanned apart from a thin line around her panties and pale strip were her bikini strap usually went. “Ok now you can still cover but you’ve got to run to the bottom of the garden and back” she laughed opening the front door and practically throwing the nearly naked girl out, sobbing and holding onto her chest as the last preserve of her modest Poppie ran down bare feet stinging on the paving and ran back just as quick, “again!” laughed Paige sending her down once more with a quick swat to her barely covered bum.

Finally she was let back in, there was about two minutes left on the clock, Poppie noticed that Paige was now wearing her Jeans. She ended up back in the living room with the girls laughing and the boys staring at her near naked form it was almost too much to make her break down. “Ok now bend over let the boys see as much as you sweet ass as they can” she laughed. On shaky legs she obeyed, as she bent down her knickers rid up further exposing more of her pale cheeks. After about 30 seconds she was let up.


Fin: the boys finally see some naked tits.

“Ok last thing now” Paige was loving the power to humiliate the posh girl, it was time to expose her tits to the boys “Ok now star jumps for the last minute” she laughed. “Please no” begged Poppie, mortified beyond belief of the prospect, “times paused while you're wasting it” said Paige “you better hurry up or we might have to punish you, how does a bare bottom spanking sound?”

In floods of tears now Poppie forced her arms away from her milky breasts exposing them and giving the boys a taste of naked flesh. She star jumped trying to block out what was happening, her perky breasts bounced to the rhythm of her jumps. The boys had never seen anything so sexy, Tom had gotten a little excited and had to cover himself to avoid it been noticeable, he would have to run off to the bathroom to clean up afterwards. Jimmy wasn't much behind he watched the tits bouncing and barely could breath. Poppie couldn't believe what she was doing, tears wet her face but she forced herself to continue. as she jumped her lovely breasts bounced every inch of her pale skin aside from her knickers was exposed.

Tom couldn't believe what he was seeing the girl of his dreams naked aside from a small pair of fancy knickers exposing her bare able tits to him. he had flushed almost as much as him the image of her naked body would be burned into his mind from now on.

“Time!” shouted Lou, quickly throwing a blanket around her sobbing friend, she took her off to the bathroom leaving the others laughing and rejoicing in what they had just seen. all in all the boys plan had worked and the hungered to play again and see more.

 