Teacher in the Woods
by showife ©

Several years ago, we were visiting 'family' for a week long vacation. 
They used to live in the country, but urban sprawl was catching up to them 
and their property was starting to be surrounded by housing developments. 
To get away a bit of quiet alone time almost everyday Sam and I would go 
for a walk in the woods near their house. 

Just behind the pine trees we walked in, across the gravel road, was a new 
housing construction project. 

Since two of my favorite pastimes are getting Sam naked when we're 
outside, and showing her naked body to other people this combination, and 
location, was too much to resist.

Every time we'd walk into this wooded area I'd get her at least partially 
undressed, and one of the times photographed her taking off all but her 
knickers. Several times we'd keep walking and I would hang her clothes on a 
tree branch and then after moving along some more take off another piece 
of clothing and hang in on a branch. Most of the time she would be almost 
nude by the time we reached the end of the pine trees just out of sight of 
the construction workers.

However, she wasn't too happy about this as it was just a short distance 
(100 ft) from the workers, and we were still in a location where people 
could know who she was, especially by whose property we were on.

By the last day we were there she'd gotten quite used to the routine and 
knew that I'd want to get her naked once again. Each day I'd moved a 
little closer to the construction site, so I was convinced a few of them 
had actually seen a glimpse of her either taking off her last piece of 
clothing, or her naked in the woods. 

This day I changed things around and didn't start to undress her until 
only almost the end of the walk so just the road and one row of trees was 
between us and the construction site.. I slowly undressed her and finally 
she was completely nude, only about 100ft from the workers, and separated 
by just one row of trees. 

After a little bit of hugging and kissing I noticed a couple of the 
workers had stopped and were looking our way. They had a partial view of 
us through the trees, and I'm sure the could see that she was naked. When 
I realized that we were being watched I caressed Sam for about 10 minutes 
longer; then I reached out and picked up her clothes and walked out of the 
woods on the side facing the work site. 

By then at least 4-5 guys had stopped working and were looking. While she 
watched from the trees I put her clothes on the ground, out in an open 
spot, about 10 ft out from the trees. I then retreated back to where she 
was and encouraged her to go out there and get dressed while they watched. 
She give me a real long look, and didn't say anything, but soon walked out 
in the open to her clothes.

She seemed very calm as she picked up her clothes and began to get 
dressed. Although she seemed to not want to go through with the exposure 
she took her time picking up her clothes piece by piece, making sure that 
they were not inside out, and slowly covering herself back up. 

Even though I was only looking at her backside I could tell she was quite 
nervous about it all, but she's pretty passive and will go through with 
just about anything when it's time for her to perform. She's willing to do 
a lot more when she's "forced" into it, but also realizes that if she says 
"no" then it's no. By the time she was done, which was only a minute, and 
way too short for me, all the workers had stopped and were looking our 
way. 

When she was done she turned and walked into the trees, right past me, and 
kept on walking back towards the house. I could see that her face was 
flushed and she was either really embarrassed or very excited. I walked 
out into the opening and waved to the guys and then took off after her. 
When I caught up to her she acted upset and didn't want to talk about it. 
I guess she decided that if she didn't think about it then maybe it didn't 
happen. But the way things turned out later that night I could tell she 
had enjoyed the exposure.

I was a good thing that we left the next day, as I found out later on that 
it had created quite an uproar in the neighborhood, and even was mentioned 
in the local paper. Although our relatives may have suspected us, nobody 
knew who the naked woman was that day in the woods.