I'm a 72 year old male in fairly good condition, all things considered. I do my sit-up exercises including push-ups and walk regularly. My regular route is a little over two miles. So I'm in better shape than many my age. However, I enjoy food and a friendly drink so I'm a little soft with too much around my middle. I've shrunk a little with age, used to be six feet and now am about 5'10", getting very close to 200 pounds. I'm also a widower. My wife of 42 years died three years ago. I miss her very much. After being married that long we became almost two halves of a single entity. It's as if I'm missing part of myself. Both of our daughters are grown and doing well. Each of them has two children and claim that's it. I get along fine with both and enjoy my grandchildren. Particularly in small, controlled doses.
To keep my mind active and fight Alzheimer's, I do crossword puzzles and play bridge, the card game, a couple times a week at senior centers. Each day at bridge there are several tables of four each and, as we play our rounds we move from table to table, changing partners and opponents. There are noticeably more women than men. More widows (and some divorcees) by far than widowers. Over time we get to know one another fairly well. There's even some flirting and suggestive repartee. But it was always innocent or just friendly until now.
One of the women I've played with for a couple years, Virginia, waited until the session was over and approached me as I was leaving the center. For some reason I happen to know she's 70. She must have had a birthday celebration or something that I've forgotten. But I know she's another old coot like me. She's in better shape than me. I bet she was skinny as a kid because as she's aged and thickened, she still isn't all that thick. Actually has a very attractive body. As I remember with my wife, I suspect Virginia's breasts have actually enlarged with the years although they're still of a size that I bet they don't sag much. She has very attractive legs and what appears to be a nice, firm ass. She's also not bad looking. Doesn't dye her hair, which is partly dark gray and partly white. Always keeps herself well, minimal make-up and attractive clothes. And she's always been fun, good sense of humor and quick with a response.
But it surprised me when she, well, I don't know how else to describe it, propositioned me. Out of the blue. Unexpected.
I was walking towards the exit when I heard "Jack!" I stopped and half turned to see who it was. It was Virginia. "Jack, you've been a widower for years now, haven't you?" she asked.
"Yes," I replied, stopping and responding to her, "Three years now."
"Me, too," she says. "I miss it. Miss it a lot. Do you?"
"Certainly. Several times every day I'm reminded of how it used to be. And it was better then than now."
"Me, too," she says again. "Particularly at night. I miss the companionship. The sex. Do you?"
"Well, yes, of course," is all I can think of to say.
"What do you do about it?"
"Nothing. Pretty much nothing. I think that's pretty much over with now."
"Nothing?" she says, acting surprised. "I can't do that. I want it too much. Doing myself isn't what I want but it's better than nothing. "
What do I say to that? I do miss the sex, of course. I miss more than the sex, though. The sex and love and my wife are all mixed together and have been for so many years. I'm aware of erections when I wake up and would like to slip it into a warm vagina but it goes away fairly quick. Besides, it really wasn't just sex, just fucking, it was more. It was all part of love. When we were first married, I had to seduce my wife every time but as the years went by she seduced me just as often as I did her. It was part of both our lives. So how do I answer her?
I guess I stood there silent for too long because she then said, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have mentioned it. I think I've embarrassed you."
"No, no, I'm not embarrassed," I replied quickly. "I was just remembering times with my wife. But before I say anything else, I might be misunderstanding you so I should make sure, are you suggesting that we, you and I, could do something sexually?"
She had looked worried but now smiled. "Yes, exactly," she said.
I thought for a moment but didn't want to take too long and then said, "Once upon a time, it seems like years and years ago but also seems like yesterday, when I was young and single, I spent a lot of my time trying to have sex with girls. I didn't know much and I never knew to start with whether the girl I was with knew much about sex so we sort of stumbled our way through the preliminaries, feeling and caressing and slowly getting to the real thing, or, failing to get there. My aim back then had nothing to do with love and marriage, it was all about managing to experience the joys of sex. And, thinking back, most of the girls seemed to feel the same. So I assume that's sort of what you're suggesting. Sex just for the experience of sex and not as the beginning of something more."
"Yes. I don't think either of us are thinking of anything serious or permanent. We both have our lives. Yes, I think it's truly just to experience the joys again rather than live without them."
"Well, I haven't thought this though but I'm not sure if that's completely possible. Neither of us are inexperienced. We're not just getting started. We're likely not wanting to go through the coy games, or the fumbling under clothing. Some preliminaries undoubtedly are needed but nothing like years ago. Yet, I don't want to just climb on and get my rocks off and roll off and go home. I've experienced a lot better and would want to experience it some more. I mean, I love the presence and feel of a naked body, a naked, willing and cooperative female body. I want to feel the shapes of the body, the butt, the breasts, the pussy. I love the taste of a female, her breasts, her vagina, finding her clit with my tongue and lips. And I don't know if it's possible to experience that and not have romance rear up. It may not be possible to have sex without emotion, a lot of emotion. Maybe that's all too risky. Maybe we'd go into something that would end up creating more problems than solutions."
"My God, Jack, I'm about to cum standing here. If nothing else, I haven't been this aroused in years. I don't care about any potential problems. Can you get an erection? Because I'm ready right now without any preliminaries. Don't be so damned analytical, let's just go do it."
I'll have to admit, I smiled. I could remember my wife saying something similar. Not often but on occasion. I also have to admit that I was getting hard. Not all the way yet but I was definitely interested. "O.k., where do we go? We both have cars. I can follow you to your place or you can follow me to mine."
She grinned. "I walked here, it's only two blocks. So let's go, I'll show you the way."
At her place we went directly to the bedroom and without further discussion stripped naked. For a 70 year old, she had a terrific body. Breasts that were perhaps grapefruits, not extra large but firm and standing up. A great butt and lovely legs. A little thicker around the middle than perfect, a little pooch, but not nearly as much as I had. "You have a great body, Virginia," I told her with just a hint of exaggeration, "Like a 30-year old. I'm only good for one time, however you want it, so if it's o.k. with you, I should go first and feast on you, then you can use me as you want later." She had her eye on my cock and balls. I was partially erect, showing that at least there was something there, and without complaint, she lay back on the bed, spreading her legs some.
I climbed on her, kissed her as I felt her breasts. Kissed her face, her shoulders. I wanted to give her as big a thrill as I was capable of and at the same time, I wanted to enjoy her body. It'd been awhile. My wife used to love my licking her, eating her. I would work on her forever. Well, truthfully, I might have licked her pussy and clit for as long as ten minutes but once she came, she wanted me in her. I realize there are multi-orgasms but she was usually limited to two. One from my mouth and one from my cock being in her while her fingers worked her clit. I ran my hand down Virginia's back. I love the feel of the lower back flaring out onto the ass and then the feel of a nice, solid ass. By then I had my mouth to one breast, one hand to the other one. I licked and sucked her nipple which brought lots of moans and grunts. I moved to the other and then down across her stomach.
I learned long ago that at an older age, a woman can't get her knees up to her shoulders, opening her pussy, and hold it the way she could when she was twenty. So I pulled her whole body around so that I could kneel on the floor and get her legs over my shoulders and my mouth to her pussy. She was more than ready, very wet, very tasty.Slightly hairy, all gray, but not enough to be in the way. I licked and tongue fucked her but moved to her clit where I knew all of the action had to be. As I worked my mouth on her clit, I slid two fingers into her and worked them around. It took no time and her hips were jumping, her legs moving. her hands pushing my head even tighter into her. I actually like licking a pussy, feeling it, tasting it, causing strong reactions, finally getting a small mouthful. When she finally came, I slid my fingers out and took her whole pussy into my mouth and sucked and swallowed. She's making all sorts of noises. Almost screams.
When I pulled loose and moved up over her, sliding her body back onto the bed, she said, "My God, Jack, I'll never be able to tell anyone about you or they'll all go after you and steal you from me. If I knew what you could do, I'd have been after you twenty years ago." We held each other and kissed and her hands started all over me. I guess she liked male bodies as much as I did female because she kissed her way down to my cock, licking my nipples on the way but moving fairly quickly to licking and tasting my cock and balls. She finally got her mouth around the head and started swallowing me as she licked and sucked. It was obvious she liked this, it wasn't just something she felt she should do. "I'd love to taste your cum, years ago I would have, but I really need you in me now," she said and then moved to straddle me and poise her bottom above my cock before slowly dropping down and taking me up into her.
She sounded as if she'd just had a nice cold drink on a hot day, with a very satisfied , drawn out "Aaahh" and then started to move her whole body, riding me, feeling me move inside her. Her sounds turned to grunts as she worked on me. I reached for her clit, wanting to make sure she got another orgasm out of this. It didn't take all that long and she was screaming again and I could feel her insides pulsing and gripping me, which pushed me into cumming inside her. She could feel it because she finally went back to that satisfied "aaahh" again and finally lay down on me as I got my arms around her and we kissed.
We just stayed like that for a minute or so until she finally lifted her head and looked at me as she slid back a little, letting my very deflated cock slide out of her. "For a couple of old geezers that was awfully good, wasn't it?" she almost murmured.
We just held each other and enjoyed the bliss of having just successfully fucked and finally decided to shower, which we did together. I hoped it would get me up again but to give me time, I spent fifteen minutes or so on her body, working my way down to her pussy again and giving her another orgasm. She later reciprocated and almost sucked me up and hard again but I never quite got there. I had never used aids before but I began to think I should get some Viagra or something and see if it wouldn't let me go more than once in an evening. Which, incidentally, it did, as I learned later.
It's only been a few months and we've got together every three or four days and truly enjoy the sex. It's probably a rationalization but I've convinced myself that my wife would like me to enjoy myself until I finally join her wherever. At least I hope so or else that wherever is going to be Hell.