Kathy Second Brickyard 400: Flashing
byKathy Gray©	

Due to college I hadn't been to the Brickyard 400 in two years. I was excited to see that things had even gotten a bit wilder. I got cheers and whistles, including a few stiff ones, as I exposed my naked body to all the men. After doing a live sex show at the age of nineteen, just two weeks before. I couldn't believe I would be nervous flashing at Indy again. But let me tell you: I was as nervous as I could be. 

I could only make it home for Saturday, the real party night. I put on my little denim dress that opens like a robe with high-heeled sandals. Checking myself out in a mirror, I could see a lot of bare cleavage plus my hard nipples popping out the fabric. I'm a very petite brunette and that hot little dress barely covers my 5' 2" 94 pound 36C-22-32 body.

I could feel my hard little ass rubbing the dress as I turned and saw my smooth bare legs right up to mid thigh. As I moved I could feel the little jiggle of my big cunt lips hanging down between my legs and my already stiff clit lightly pulsating. Oh yes I was totally naked under that hot dress and I was most definitely ready to go and do some serious flashing. 

I was so excited driving to the track arriving right at sunset. I couldn't get out of my car quick enough. As I walked towards the campers I saw two slender girls flashing their breasts for a group of men. As not to crowd their space I altered my path towards the second row of campers. I no sooner got there when a bunch of men turned around to look at me. 

"Hey baby! Give us a look at those gazongas." One of them yelled out.

I couldn't help giggling because I had never heard breasts called gazongas. As I walked closer my nervousness level shot up. I knew right away this was going to be my first time flashing tonight and a huge shiver ran through my entire body making my legs feel weak. As I almost came to a stop in front of all the men one of them held up a sign that said 'show us your tits'. Well there was little doubt what they wanted me to do, right? 

After I looked around for the ever present police, I pulled out on the lapels of my dress and popped out both my big breast my nipples as big as they've ever been. I couldn't stop my pussy from orgasming and felt the cunt juice trickling out of my cunt hole and dripping to the ground. All the men started cheering and whistling right away. 

That same man said: "Whoa ho ho! Very nice young lady! Very nice!" 

With a big smile on my face I popped my breast back in my dress and kept walking. Oh my God what a rush complete with a little orgasm. I've thought many times that there must be something wrong with me to get such a sexual rush just from flashing. But a rush I get and oh how I love it. After that it was showing my boobs at every camp site. 

About to walk the next row of campers, I saw two more girls that I'm pretty sure were flashers so I skipped that row. It had gotten quite dark and was a bit scary but heck I love scary. Group after group of men were yelling at me to flash them so my breasts were out more than in. As I got to the end of that row I found out the lines used by the race fans had not changed very much in two years. After I flashed a group and was about to walk on, one spoke out. 

He said, "Hey! What color panties you wearing?" 

With a cheesy grin I said jokingly, "What color do you think?" 

"Will you show us if we guess?" The man inquired jokingly. 

"Yeah! Sure! If you get it right." I replied.

I've always loved the sexy banter with the guys.

"Different men started yelling out, "Red! Blue! White! Black! Purple! Red! Pink! White! Blue!" Saying about every color they could think of. 

I got a sorry look on my face and shook my head no while saying, "Sorry. None of those are right." 

"Ahhhh! Come on one of those had to be right." The man protested. 

Another man yelled out while pointing at me, "You ain't wearing no panties!" 

I pursed my lips smiled pointed back at the man while saying, "Your right!" I opened my dress fully exposing my entire naked body to all the men. 

They broke out into loud cheering whistling and giving each other high fives. As I turned to leave I flipped up the back of my dress to give them a clear view of my bare butt as well. 

"Nice ass baby! Nice ass! Nice ass!" Different men yelled out. 

God, how I've always loved those "Nice ass!" comments. I closed my dress gave them the good old finger wave goodbye and moved on. After that I quit with just flashing my breasts and gave everyone a full body shot. Hell exposing my full naked body is what I love doing anyway. It wasn't long after that before another old line popped up. I had just flashed thirty-five or forty younger guys the largest group so far tonight. 

As I started walking away he said, "Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Before you go can you settle bet for us?" 

I turned with a serious smile and said, "Sure! If I can." 

The man explained, "Well. He says you're shaved and I say you're not." Of course all the other guys in the camp were chuckling like crazy. After a chuckle of his own he asked, "Could we have a look?" 

I acted suspicious and said, "Are you sure... this is to settle a bet?" 

All the guys got excited as he said seriously, "Yeah! Oh hell yeah! I got fifty bucks on it." He paused for a couple of seconds and said, "Come on. Help us out here?" 

I acted quite coy while saying, "Well... okay. Since it's to settle a bet." 

They of course assured me it was to settle a bet as I walked into their campsite. I walked right up to the guy that was sitting in a lawn chair and opened my dress wide. He leaned back in the chair tilted his head to the side as all the other men leaned in to look. I was completely surrounded by men. 

"Can't see nothing. Too damn dark." The man announced. 

I lifted my left leg and put my foot on the arm of his lawn chair while twisting my body spreading my legs open pretty wide. At almost the same time a couple of big flashlights came on lighting up my entire body especially between my legs. Oh, how I just love those flashlights. 

"Holy fucking shit, would you look at that?" He paused a second and said, "Gal, Damn! That's the biggest pussy I ever seen. " After another pause saying to his friends: "Look at her pussy man. Look at her pussy." 

Everyone moved trying to get a good look between my legs. The man sitting in the chair suddenly stuck his hand in between my open legs and started sliding his fingers between my cunt lips. It was very hard to keep from moaning out loud it felt so damn good. Just like that men started groping both my breasts and squeezing my nipples. Honestly I think this is what I came back to Indy for more than the flashing. I don't know how to explain how wild it is to have a bunch of total strangers playing with your body. 

Well, about as slick as could be, whoosh! they slid my dress right off my shoulders and I was standing there totally naked. I took my foot off the chair and was about to ask for my dress back when multiple hands went to my inner thighs and they were pulling them apart. I just stood there and did absolutely nothing to stop them letting them spread my legs. Before I knew it they lifted me all the way up in the air and I was crowd surfing above their heads. 

Yes I'm sure I could have yelled out and they would have put me down. But it was really wild being naked crowd surfed around their camp. All the men from other campsites where yelling and hooting very loud. They all liked seeing my naked body being floated around and I sure liked them seeing my naked body. I just tried to stay flat keep my head up and my legs spread. I got worried a couple of times when it felt like they were going to drop me. 

"Hey! Hey! Hey! Put her down! Put her down!" A few of the guys started yelling, "You fucking idiots. Put her down." 

I have to admit I was getting more than just a little worried about being dropped. They seemed to be more interested in groping than supporting me. They brought me down to waist level and carried me way back into their campsite. They tipped me up and sat me on a picnic table my legs hanging over the end. Even though it got scary I had a blast and was laughing like crazy. Mainly because I was naked and they didn't get dropped. 

I asked laughing, "Where's my dress?" Not even trying to hide my naked body. 

"Hey! Where's her dress man? Get her dress?" The guy from the chair yelled out. 

My dress came flying in from the rear of the crowd. As I started to put my dress on the guy spoke out. 

He said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Shut up!" He screamed at his friends. After everyone quieted down a bit he said: "We never got to see if you were shaved or not!" 

No one was touching me as I sat there on the edge of the table totally naked. It was really up to me what would happen next. I got a sexy look on my face and slowly laid back on my elbows while bringing my feet up on the edge of the table my knees tight together. I stayed motionless for a couple of seconds then spread my legs wide, much wider then I should have. Why do I say much wider then I should have? 

Because spreading your legs open in the middle of a group of young men full of beer is like holding up a sign that says 'do whatever you want to me' especially at the Brickyard. Well that is exactly how all the young men read me spreading my legs so wide. It made me laugh as hands came in from everywhere pulling my arms out making me lay flat on my back my legs getting spread wider. The more I laughed the more they spread my legs. 

I instantly felt that unmistakable feeling of a warm tongue and lips on my pussy and oh how great it felt. Several hands were on my breast fingers squeezing my nipples hard. There were hands rubbing my flat tummy, my bush, the sides of my butt cheeks and my inner thighs. It only took seconds and I orgasmed, followed by another, followed by a big orgasm. 

"Oh... Oh... Oh my...! Oh! Oh!" I moaned very loud. 

My loud moan must have scared everyone for a second because they all suddenly stopped what they were doing. I moaned even louder as more juice burped out of my pussy. 

"Holy fuck man she's cumming!" The man licking my pussy said while lifting his head. 

They all seemed to stay still for a few seconds watching and listening to me orgasm so big and so hard. 

Some guy spoke out, "Make her pop man! Make her pop!" 

It was like game on again as multiple hands went in between my legs like they were all fighting over a gold coin. One guy would flip my clit and a hand would push his away and another hand would push that one away, all trying to get at my pussy. I couldn't even begin to tell you how many fingers were buried in my cunt hole but I could feel fingers going in and some coming out at the same time. The multiple fingers grinding on and into my pussy brought me to a huge orgasm.

"Oh My God! Oh my God!" Came out of my mouth loud, as the orgasm burst out of my pussy, soaking all the men's fingers. 

A man yelled out, "Holy fucking shit! She cums a fucking ton man!" 

There must have been fifty hands on my body. Anything they could feel or squeeze they were groping. Was I nervous or worried right then? No not at all everything felt so fantastic I didn't care what they did to so long as I kept having big orgasms. Again all the young men had been drinking probably all day and they were close to being out of control. 

"Make her cum man! Make her cum!" Several were saying. 

"Cum? Hell, fuck her man!" One guy suggested. 

Another guy jumped in saying, "Yeah! Fuck her man! Fuck her!" 

Well it did not take long to get a volunteer. I knew a cock was coming when I got slid to the edge of the table. All the hands got pulled away from my pussy and my legs were getting pulled apart even wider if that was even possible. 

I moaned loud, "Oh! Ohhh! Ohhhhhhh!" as a pretty long cock got pushed steadily up my cunt hole till it was all the way in. 

He wasted no time and started pumping my cunt right away with deep firm strokes. He would pull out half way and shove it back in just as far as he could. His cock was pretty long and fairly thick and his cock felt great in my pussy. Not more than three or four minutes into the fucking and he suddenly buried his cock and started pumping loads of cum. Bummer! 

"Ahh, ahhh!" He moaned as he popped his load. 

He straightened up and stepped back quickly, withdrawing his cock. I knew right away another cock was on its way, as the young guys holding my legs peeled them back towards my shoulders, spreading them open much wider. This cock was about the same length, but a bit thicker. He quickly shoved it half way in, stopped, then shoved it all the way in. 

"Oh! Ohhhh! Oh yeah! Yeah!" I moaned as the thicker cock went all the way up my cunt hole. 

He started banging my pussy hard and deep. I have to admit, this guy knew how to give a girl a good fucking. Plus, he lasted a good long time before shooting his load. He no sooner got his cock out of me, as when another good sized cock went up my hole, followed by yet another. Four cocks in all before some idiot started yelling. 

"What's the fucking matter with you guys?! Get off of her! Get off her!" The man repeatedly said, while grabbing guys and pulling them away from me. 

They removed their hands from my body and the man fucking me pulled his cock out and his pants up quickly disappeared. Actually, just about all of them pretty much disappeared. The guy that had been yelling at them and a couple of other guys helped me sit up on the table. 

"You alright? " he asked. 

I said in a quiet voice, not trying to cover my body, "Yeah, I'm good." 

Another guy asked me, "You okay?" 

I said, "Yeah! I'm fine." followed by me asking, "You have a bathroom?" 

The man, acting like my savior said, "I sure do." He walked me over to the camper, putting a big towel around me. "Right in there, honey." He said while pointing at the camper. 

I went in the bathroom and freshened everything up and fixed my hair. As I came back out the man handed me my dress. He must have apologized to me ten times. 

I believe I surprised him when I said, "It was no big deal. Things just got a little out of control." 

"A little? You call that a little out of control?" He replied like he couldn't believe what I said. 

With a geeze look I said, "Yeah... no big deal." Followed with a little laugh. 

The look on that guys face was priceless when I said no big deal. I thought "hey, I'm the one that got me into that" Those guys were just young, drunk and horny, that's all. Anyway since the others yelled so loud, breaking up our little sexcapade, everyone else in that area seemed to be hiding. It was just after ten o'clock and I decided to make my way to the second camping area where all the loud music was playing. 

The first thing I saw was probably a hundred young men, watching two topless girls dancing in the back of a pickup truck. Again, not to enter their space, I walked past that row of campers and went down to the next row. After flashing all the campsites I got to the end of the row where there was a very big group that was obviously bikers with big Harley's parked everywhere. 

One of the rather rough looking biker chicks yelled out, "Show us your boobies baby! We'll give you a beer!" Which was followed by the weirdest loud cackle laugh you ever heard. 

I don't know why bikers always seem to scare me for some reason, even though my only contact with them was fine. She yelled so loud I couldn't act like I didn't hear her, so I kind of had to flash them. It was scary and exciting stopping in front of them. I opened my dress and spread it wide open, not only showing the front of my body, but turning and giving a good view of my ass. They all started clapping and whistling very loud.

"Hey! Hey!" The obvious leader of the pack yelled out. "Come on over here!" He commanded while motioning with his arm for me to come over.

I just stayed where I was, kind of frozen in my tracks. It looked pretty scary back in their campsite, with all the Harley's and everyone wearing black leather of some kind.

"Come on... Come over here." He again said still motioning. 

The biker chick yelled out, "Come on sweet cheeks. No one's going to hurt you." 

As I closed my dress I took in a deep breath and a hard swallow. I was just too excited about the whole situation and had to go back in their campsite. As I walked in several of them lightly clapped their hands once or twice. I walked up to the left side of the leader who was sitting on the end of a big table one foot on the ground. He was a monster of a man very tall with huge arms and a large chest. The biker chick moved around next to him. 

She jumped out at me, her arms raised and yelled very loud: "Alright get her guys!" She quickly stopped and started laughing that weird laugh while saying, "I'm just kidding honey! Just kidding." 

All the men and other women were laughing at the obvious terror on my face. I naturally jumped back then laughed while putting my hand on my chest, relieved she was kidding. 

"Let's see that fine body again cutie." The leader requested rather calmly. 

I opened my dress and not only showed him and the biker chick but turned in both directions to give everyone a good look. 

"Here. Come right here." He said while standing up and pointing at the end of the table. "I want a good look at that ass." 

I knew there was no way I could just say no, so I put my hands on the end of the table as everyone gathered around behind me. I instantly thought it they want a butt shot, I will really give them a butt shot." As I moved my feet wider apart I slightly bent my body forward while pushing my butt back and out. The biker chick grabbed the back of my dress and flipped it up over my shoulder. 

Everyone let out a collective, "Whoa..." Followed by several saying, "Nice Ass." 

The leader said, "That is one fine ass cutie." He paused a couple of seconds and said in a very loud rough voice: "Gal, damn! That's the nicest ass I've ever seen!" 

He stepped forward and put both his rough hands on each of my butt cheeks. His hands were huge and rough and each hand covered a butt cheek. The size of his huge hands made my butt feel tinier than it already was. He removed his left hand and slowly slid his right hand over both my butt cheeks. His big rough hands sent spark like sensations through my entire body and especially to my pussy now constantly dripping juice. 

"This is one fine ass. Fine ass!" He repeated as he slid his hands further down my cheeks. 

For a second I thought that I should stand up but I just couldn't. The spark-like sensations from his rough hands were driving me wild. He moved to my side and ran his flat hand down my left cheek, his fingertips following the crack of my butt. As he got down to where my butt cheek and thigh met, his fingers wrapped around my inner thigh. He slid his fingertips between my legs, raising his index finger to my dripping wet cunt lips. It was more than my pussy could take and my cunt let go with a big orgasm, my juice soaking his big fat fingers. 

He said, "Gal, damn! She's cumming like a fucking banchie, man." while looking up at his biker buddies. 

He leaned up over me and said roughly, "You want fucked? I mean, really fucked?" 

His mean, rough voice scared me and I instantly raised my body up straight, not knowing exactly what to do. I should have asked, but as always I said nothing. 

"She's a teaser, baby!" The biker chick meanly said to her man. 

As he slapped me very hard on the ass he said, "Teaser!" then said as though pissed off, "Get the fuck out of here before I tear you up!" 

I started to walk away while fastening my dress when he grabbed my wrist. 

He said mean and roughly: "Come back." pausing while sucking a deep breath of air through his nose. "You'll get a fucking you won't believe." 

As I walked away with my legs shaking I looked back at the leader and the biker chick a couple of times. I was so scared at that instant I wasn't sure what to do. I wanted to ask but they sent me on my way so quickly, after standing up. I guess this was one of those times you will just never know what would have happened. I turned the corner and continued flashing down the next two lanes showing everyone my full body. I got played with a few times got my nipples sucked my pussy licked but nothing really wild happened. 

Flashing down the next lane, I noticed three rather unhappy girls, their arms being held while a big group of guys groped their breasts nipples and crotch. One of them, their leg being held up high while men groped her pussy. I thought right away that seems like the next place I should go. Hah! I took my time flashing until the three girls moved on. As I got closer music started blaring from a pick up truck. I looked and there was the two girls now wearing tops but lifting them as they danced. 

Again I was going to give them their space and head back the other way. Only it was too late. The big group of young men spotted me and started yelling: 

"Wooo baby! Hey hey hey! Over here baby!" Different guys yelled out. 

They were all younger men, I'm guessing eighteen to twenty or so and boy you could tell they had all been doing a lot of drinking. I walked to the edge of their campsite. A big, kind of chunky young man smoking a little cigar yelled out. 

He said, "Show us those big titties girl." 

As I put my hands up to my lapels a ton of flashlights came on lighting me up as I popped out both my breasts. 

He yelled, "Holy fucking shit! You got some big fucking titties baby." 

Several men kept slowly moving behind me making me move deeper into their campsite. They had obviously done this before to other girls. 

"What the fuck you got under that dress girl?" The cigar man yelled. 

Oh yes, I was getting more nervous as other groups of men came over to join them. There had to be at least a hundred men surrounding me, but I thought "what the hell" and slowly opened my dress not as wide as I usually do. 

"Holy fucking shit! Come on girl! Open that up!" He ordered. 

A guy on each side of me grabbed my hands where I was holding my dress and pulled my dress wide open. 

The main man said real loud, "Damn! What a fucking body! You are hot girl!" After looking over my body he said, "I got to have a feel of that hot stuff!" 

He quickly stuck his hand right between my legs grabbing a hand full of my dripping wet pussy. 

He said to his buddies laughing, "She's got a big wet pussy down here. Fuck!" He massaged my pussy for a few seconds and said, "No, no... I got to see this stuff!" 

He jammed the cigar in his mouth and lifted my left leg. He looked around and pulled a beer keg sitting in a huge wagon closer to us. With one hand behind my knee and the other on my ankle he lifted my leg shoulder high setting my foot on top of the beer keg. My left knee was bent and strained so I twisted my foot allowing me to straighten my left leg which only spread my legs wider. 

There I was, in the middle of a hundred drunken young men, flashlights lighting me up like daytime, right foot on the ground and my left foot shoulder high on a beer keg. I was literally doing the splits standing up my pussy looking huge. I don't know if my pussy could get any more exposed and spread open than this. I have to admit being in that kind of weird position turned me on big time. Juice was steadily dripping out of my pussy, my big cunt lips hanging straight down and split apart, my very stiff clit protruding out. 

The man with the cigar reached in and rubbed the backs of his fingers on my hanging cunt lips juice rolling off his fingers. 

He shook his head while saying, "That some fuckin pussy." 

One girl from the truck pushed her way through the guys and yelled, "What the fuck are you assholes doing?" She stopped when she seen my spread open pussy saying very slow, "Holy fucking shit!" 

Cigar man said, "Bobbie! How'd you like to eat that pussy?" 

She said slowly with a very drunken slur, "Oh... fuck! Hell yes!" 

While she stared at my hanging cunt the man said, "What the fuck you waiting for? Have at it girl!" 

She stepped right in and scrunched down directly under my pussy, tilted her head way back and stuck her tongue straight up, softly licking the bottom edges of my dripping cunt lips. The whole weird spread open position all the young guys around and this girl lightly licking my cunt lips made my cunt pop out a big, juicy orgasm. In that position I could clearly see my pussy and the girl licking it. 

Juice poured out of my cunt, soaking the girls face, juice rolling off her cheeks. That's when I noticed that all the young men were almost dead quiet watching this girl lick my pussy. Several times she raised her lips up to my slit and sucked both my cunt lips deep into her mouth. She repeatedly sucked both my cunt lips in her mouth and pulled down continuing to suck hard. She would stretch my cunt lips out real long until they pulled out of her mouth. 

"Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!" I repeatedly moaned. It felt absolutely fantastic. 

She reached up with both hands, grasping one of my cunt lips between each thumb and finger spreading them open. She stuck her tongue way out, up straight and pushed directly into my cunt hole and swirled it around driving me wild. The other girl pushed her way through the tight group of men. 

"Holy fuck!" She exclaimed as she saw her friend tonguing my pussy. 

She reached in from a distance and clamped her thumb and index finger on my very stiff protruding clit and jerked out hard. She continued doing that very hard like she was jacking off a little dick. My pussy built up a huge orgasm in seconds. 

I moaned very loud, "Ohhh! Oh my God! Ahh! Ohhh my!" as my cunt began to burst an even bigger orgasm. 

I could feel the big globs of cunt juice working its way out of my cunt from deep down in my pussy it was making my whole body quiver. The juice bursted out of my cunt hole, soaking the girls face again. She instantly stopped tonguing my cunt hole and opened her mouth wide catching my cum. The other girl was relentless now, roughly rolling, squeezing and twisting my clit in all directions very hard. It just kept the big orgasms cumming one after the other. 

The girl taking my cum juice gagged and gagged, dropped away from my cunt, bending over and gagging some more. She went right back up to my pussy and sucked my cunt lips in her mouth again. My cunt juice now spurting out both ends of my closed cunt lips spraying the girls face and neck. Neither girl would quit and the weird position pussy eating continued for the longest time. Ten minutes, fifteen minutes, over twenty minutes before the girl licking my cunt stopped and moved behind me just a little still scrunched down. 

No it wasn't over yet, these girls were not about to quit. My right leg, supporting all my weight, was getting weak and if it hadn't been for the guys groping my breasts and squeezing my nipples the whole time holding me up, I would have fallen over. She jammed four fingers up my cunt hole and started finger fucking me extremely fast and hard while the other girl literally attacked my clit almost savagely. They shot the intensity in my pussy three times higher than it already was. 

I yelled out from the extreme mamasturbation,"Oh! Oh my God! Oh my God!" I yelled out very loud as my legs stiffened very tight. My whole body was shaking and my pussy felt like it was going to explode. "Oh my God!" continuously came out of my mouth in a stammering, very stressed shaky voice. 

It felt like my entire pussy was coming out from between my legs. My pussy felt so huge at that very moment. Then my cunt let go with a massive orgasm and juice gushed out of my pussy like I could not believe, big globs of juice pouring out of my cunt. The girl removed her fingers from my cunt hole, while the other girl continued twisting my clit savagely. My body and legs suddenly stiffened even tighter than before and yet another monster orgasm came gushing out of my pussy. You could hear the huge amounts of cunt juice splashing in the big puddle of juice already on the ground. 

I screamed very loud, "Ahhh, God!" The intensity was almost unbearable. 

It was like everyone was mesmerized by my pussy and all the cunt juice pouring out of it splashing in the puddle. The girl twisted my clit so savagely I thought she was going to pull it off. After a final unbelievable twisting of my clit she let go. She stood up staring at my cunt watching yet another massive amount of juice pour out for several seconds. As the intensity and flow of juice slowed down I couldn't help but notice how silent everyone was, watching my pussy orgasm. 

She shook her head and said with a drunken slur, "Whoa! Now that's a pussy." 

Everyone started laughing, hearing her say 'now that's a pussy'. Even I let out a little chuckle being a bit weak from the attack on my cunt. The guy holding my foot way up on the keg released it and I lowered it to the ground. I stood up kind of shaky at first but within a few seconds felt stable on my legs. I was standing in the puddle of my own cum juice and I could feel it squishing between my toes. 

The guy with the cigar said kind of asshole-like, "Bet that pussy never popped like that before." 

Right away I thought, there's no way I could admit they got my pussy good. So I said, "Ah... It was alright." 

The man seemed totally insulted, "What?!" He yelled out loud as though very pissed. "She said it was alright. Alright! Just alright." After a pause he said, even more pissed, "Can you fucking believe that shit?" 

Bobbie also insulted said very loud in her drunken slur, "Bullshit! Fucking bullshit!" And while pointing at me said, "We got your pussy good! Good!" 

I just gave her a wink, closed my dress and took off, walking down the lane, my legs a bit shaky. Oh yeah, they most definitely got my pussy good. Hell, I knew it and they surely knew it too. Since everyone in that row of campers was watching the big masturbation scene there was no one to flash until I got to the next row of campers. It was well after midnight and a lot of people had gone to bed or they were drunk and fell asleep in their loungers outside. But there were still guys to flash. Hell no, I wasn't done flashing yet. 

As I walked down the row of campers, the biker stop from earlier kept popping into my head, wondering if I should go back there. As I flashed three different groups of guys, they asked me the good old "are you shaved" line. Of course I showed all of them, each giving me a good pussy rubbing the last one adding some licking as well. I was at the end of the last row and about a dozen men were sitting back in their campsite. 

"What are you doing out here so late?" One of them asked. 

"Oh... just out for a little walk." I replied with a smile. 

"Well, come on over. Sit by the fire. Have a beer." They offered. 

As I walked into their campsite I said, "Ah... no beer. But I'd drink a cup of coffee." 

"Oh, hell yes! We got coffee. Good coffee too." He boasted. 

As I got up to them I said, "Hello. How's everyone tonight?" 

"Hah! We're a lot better now that you're here." One of the men said while laughing. 

I heard, "How do you take your coffee?" 

"Black." I replied. 

He brought me a cup of coffee and I turned my back to the fire to get warm the night becoming chilly. 

One of the guys said, "You look too hot to be cold." 

"Thank you. Just a bit chilly." I replied. 

Another guy said with a chuckle, "You'd get warmer if you took off that dress." 

I acted astonished and said jokingly, "Oh I would, would I?" 

All them laughed, several saying, "Oh hell yes! A lot warmer." 

I would say they were in their forties to sixties and I couldn't believe how nice they all were. So, kind of thanking them, I took off my dress and threw it on an empty lawn chair. I was standing in front of the fire totally naked, making a nice silhouette of my body. The men all started leaning their heads down, looking between my legs. 

A guy said, "That's one hell of a set of pussy lips you got their honey." 

"Yeah, they're big ones alright." I replied with a smile. 

"Would you mind turning around?" One of them politely requested. 

I smiled and turned around so they could see me from the back side. I spread my legs pretty wide and bent over about half way, giving them a real good view. 

"You're fucking gorgeous, you know that. " one of them said with the others agreeing. 

"Well thank you." I replied while turning around facing them. 

I seen a few people walking towards us, so I grabbed my dress and put it back on, but left it open. They turned around and headed back the other way. I have no idea why I did it, but I went up to each one of them and let them rub my pussy for a minute or so. I think it's because they were so nice and them being older might have been a reason. 

The last guy while rubbing my pussy said, "You know, most of us have been coming to Indy for thirty years and nothing like this has ever happened to us." 

I said quite surprised, "Really?" 

"Nope! We've heard all kinds of stories. We've had girls flash us. But nothing like this has ever happened to us." They all pretty much said.

I guess wanting these guys to have a story of their own I asked, "Which one of you has the biggest dick?" 

They were all quite surprised at my question and while laughing said, "What...?" 

I asked again like it was no big deal, "I said... which one of you has the biggest dick?"

They all looked at each other for several seconds when one of them held up his hand and said, "I guess. I do." 

I said excitingly, "Great! Let's see it." 

He said kind of shocked, "What?" 

I said, "I showed you mine. Now show me yours." 

I really didn't think he would do it, but he unzipped his pants and pulled out a darn good sized very soft dick. I'm guessing seven inches maybe more and pretty thick. I walked over in front of him and grabbed ahold of his dick. 

I asked them, "You guys want a real story of your own? 

They all said: "Yeah, hell yeah." 

I squatted down in front of him and sucked his totally soft dick in my mouth. I slid my lips up and down the shaft several times his dick getting very hard quickly it being much longer and thicker than I thought. They took photo's as I totally deepthroated his cock. Deepthroating him a few times was more than he could take blasting a huge load of cum down my throat. Swallowing his cum I gave him several long sucks to finish it off. 

I stood up and said happily, "Now you have a story of your own." 

They all laughed while saying, "Holy Shit!" 

As we exchanged goodbyes they gave me a cup of coffee in a styrofoam cup and I headed out down the lane. Feeling pretty hot what I just did for those older guys I couldn't help thinking about the earlier stop at the biker's campsite. My pussy started dripping juice the soon as I started thinking about the bikers. The big problem was I wasn't even sure I could find them again. Even though it was one in the morning, I found plenty of guys to flash, going down rows of campers. 

As I was about to turn and go down another lane I stopped in my tracks as I saw several Harley's parked in a campsite. I thought to myself 'oh fuck, this might be them'. My excitement and nervous level shot up to ten in an instant. Everything that had happened earlier was racing through my head so fast my cunt popped a little spasm orgasm. Oh my God, should I go into their camp or should I run? Then I thought 'hell, maybe they all went to bed or it isn't even them'. So I hid behind the end camper and looked around the corner over at the campsite. 

Nope, it was the bikers alright. Not as many as before, but they were sitting around the campfire, drinking beer and bullshitting with each other. Just the thought of going into their campsite was turning me on like you wouldn't believe. My brain was saying "run" my pussy was saying "get your little ass in there" Juice was steadily dripping out of my pussy having one little spasm orgasm after another. It really didn't come down to "if I had the guts" It came down to knowing I shouldn't do it, but I was just way too turned on not to. 

I fluffed my hair straightened my dress and started walking. I was so darn scared my legs were shaking, making it hard to walk in my heels. I got around the corner, walking on their side of the lane. There was maybe ten or twelve of them sitting around the campfire, including the biker chick. I didn't think they were going to say anything and I was already trying to decide if I should just walk in myself. 

"So... you came back?" The leader yelled out. 

Oh my God, my legs got so weak when I heard him yell out I could barely stand. I had to stop walking, or else I would have fallen down. I couldn't believe I had done it and was thinking that maybe I shouldn't have. 

"Ahhh." Is all I could get to come out of my mouth, as I stood there motionless. 

"Is that all you got to say, "Ahh?" The biker chick said in a very sarcastic tone. 

I was so fucking turned on, I spoke without even thinking what I was saying, "Yes! I'm... I'm back." 

"Then get your ass over here." He ordered. 

I finally got my legs to move and slowly walked into their camp, passing right behind the biker chick and half a dozen guys. 

"Teaser." The biker chick said meanly as I passed.

All the other men sat up in their chairs and took notice as I walked behind them. 

"Open up! Let's see it." The leader ordered. 

I was so damn hot, so turned on and so scared at this point that I remember what I did, but not why I was doing it. I opened my dress wide, so everyone could see my naked body. I was absolutely scared to death and my legs were shaking. I mean, my knees were knocking as I walked right up to the side of the big table. All the other men got up out of their chairs, seemingly to make a human wall around the big table, so others could not see what was going on. 

"Put your hands right here." The leader said pointing at the table top. 

I put my hands on the table, bending over slightly, like I had done earlier. The biker chick, just like before, flipped my dress up over my shoulder, my bare ass fully exposed. The big man stood to the left behind me and again rubbed my entire hard, little ass slowly. His big, rough hands again sent spark like sensations through my entire body and pussy only this time they seemed to be multiplied tenfold. I couldn't believe I was doing this and how scared I was. 

Every time he moved his hand down my butt cheeks his fingers got closer to my pussy. The anticipation of what would happen next was driving me crazy. He slid his hand down to the base of my left butt cheek and wrapped his fingers around my inner thigh, sliding them in between my legs. He lifted his big, fat index finger, separating my cunt lips and softly rubbing the length of my slit with the side of his finger. The tip of his finger rubbed across my stiff swollen clit. 

I moaned, "Oh... God... Ohhh. Ahhh. Ohhh. " as juice flowed out of my pussy. 

He pulled his hand out from between my legs, slowly rubbing my butt cheeks. With his foot inside of mine he pulled, spreading my leg way out to my left. The biker girl seeing this did the same thing to my right leg. There I was, bent over the big table, resting on my forearms, my legs spread open wide and this monster of a man slowly rubbing my little ass. He again moved his hand down my butt cheek and wrapped his fingers inside my thigh, sliding in between my legs. He turned his hand palm up, pressing hard up in between my legs, slightly raising my butt. 

"Ohh. Ohhh! Ohhhhh!" came out of my mouth louder, as a bigger orgasm flowed out of my pussy.

Juice was pouring out of my cunt like crazy, while he roughly massaged my entire pussy with his big rough hand. 

"Gal, damn! I can't believe how much she cums, man." The leader proclaimed looking around at his fellow bikers. 

The leader and biker chick each spread my legs wider apart, he bent his fat middle finger and poked it all the way up my cunt hole very hard. 

My butt humped up, while I said "Ow!" as his fat finger penetrated my pussy, almost feeling like a small dick fucking me. The biker chick forced her hand in between my tummy and the table and grabbed a hold of my clit, first squeezing it hard then rolling it back and forth between her thumb and index finger. My pussy burst, gushing out an even larger orgasm. 

The leader laughed and said to the biker chick: "Jesus... She's unloading, baby." as cunt juiced soaked his hand. 

The biker chick said, with much contempt in her voice: "Fuck her, baby. Fuck her!" 

Yes, I could have stood up and maybe they would have stopped but I just couldn't, I was way too hot right then and had to go on. As she continued, now flipping my stiff clit side to side, the leader stood up and dropped his pants to his knees. I just had to see his cock and turned my head back to look. I barely got a glimpse of it as it brushed along my butt cheek. Oh my God, it was big alright, at least as big as the two cocks I got at my first live sex show. Ten, maybe eleven inches long and very thick. As he grabbed his big cock, lowering it towards my pussy the biker chick spoke with disdained joy in her voice. 

She said, "Hold on princess. It's going to hurt!" then blared out with that God awful laugh.

The big head of his cock pushed up tight against my soaked pussy, spreading my cunt lips apart and widening my hole. He relaxed for a couple of seconds, while grabbing my hips tight with both his big fat hands. He pushed it in very hard stretching me open wider and wider and kept pushing in very hard. 

"Ow! Ow! Ow! Ouch! Ow! Ouch! Fuck! Fuck!" I yelled out in a pained voice as the huge head of his cock violently stretched my cunt hole wide open, sinking into my pussy. 

Oh yes! Him forcing it in so fast hurt like hell. He stopped and pulled back just a tiny bit, only to again shove it in with great force sinking his cock well over half way in my cunt. 

"Ow... Ow... Ow! Oh my God! Oh God! Oh my God!" Came flying out of my mouth in a very strained voice. The huge cock tearing into my pussy. 

The biker chick laughed sadistically saying, "God ain't helping you!" She paused a second and said very mean-like, while twisting my clit with her fingers, "You're fucked now! Princess!" Again followed by that awful laugh. 

Well, I'm pretty sure God wasn't going to help and I was getting fucked. Another biker chick appeared, grabbing my wrists and stretching my arms out above my head, making me lay flat on my chest. He relentlessly kept pushing in very hard, his long thick cock slowly boring its way deeper and deeper in my cunt hole. I felt it going very deep in my cunt, giving way to the constant force and size of his cock. 

I said slowly, with a very pained voice: "Oh... my... God!" as I grabbed the other side of the table, wrapping my fingers over the edge. I moaned and grunted very loud as he eventually forced the full length of his cock all the way in, his big balls pressing up tight against her fingers and my clit. 

I moaned painfully: "Oh... my... God! Oh my!" 

The chick said to the man: "Fuck... You got it all in, baby." 

With a big huff he said: "Oh Yeah! It's all in there." 

He held it totally buried in my cunt for the longest time and then pulled it all the way out of my pussy. His cock was so hard, I felt it pop up as it came out. 

Different men said things like: "Lay it to her. Fuckin time. Tear it up, boss." 

He put the big head back up to my cunt hole and with one big, long stroke shoved his cock all the way in, giving an extra hard push as he buried it in my pussy. 

I quickly raised my head and body yelling out, "Ow! Ouch! Ouch! Oh! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

His cock really hurt getting shoved all the way in so fast. He pulled nearly all the way out and shoved it all the way back in again and again and again, one full length deep stroke after another.

I couldn't begin to tell you how unreal that big cock felt, going in and out so deep. My pussy exploded with orgasms, as the huge cock fucked me and the biker chick twisted and jerked on my stiff clit. 

I couldn't believe the fucking I was getting, it hurt like hell but felt unbelievable! It hurt and felt fantastic! It hurt and hurt even more, but I absolutely loved the fucking he was giving me. He put his big hand on the middle of my back, making me lay flat on my chest and lifted my hips, making me arch my lower back, so he could get his cock in my cunt even deeper. Bang, bang, bang, bang, one hard, deep thrust all the way in my cunt hole one after the other, never letting up for a second. 

Juice was squirting out of my pussy, the deep hard fucking going on and on five minutes, ten minutes, over fifteen minutes and still him pounding my pussy deep. He shoved it all the way in my pussy and stopped, lifted my hips, spreading my little butt cheeks with his thumbs and wiggling his cock while shoving in hard, to guarantee every inch was in my cunt. He reached down and lifted my right leg, bending it and putting it up on the table spreading my legs much wider apart. He pulled out about half way and rammed his cock all the way back in very hard. 

"Ow! Ow! Fuck! Damn!" Came out of my mouth again quickly, as his huge cock tore into my pussy. 

With my right leg up on the table he was only pulling out half way, then ramming his cock all the way back in, totally burying each thrust. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, one very hard thrust after another. Again, five minutes, ten minutes, and still he constantly pounded my pussy. He gave me several super hard thrusts, and stopped. He pulled his cock all the way out, grabbed my legs and flipped me over on my back my butt hanging over the edge of the table. 

He bent my legs back towards my shoulders spreading them wide with his hands behind my knees. He leaned over and started licking my pussy with big long licks, then sucking my cunt lips in his mouth and pulling them, stretching my lips till they pulled out. He did that several times before locking his lips on my clit and not only sucking, but munching on my very stiff, protruding clit. 

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!" Was coming out of my mouth loud as my pussy erupted with a massive orgasm, juice gushing out of my pussy uncontrollably. 

The big man lifted his head from my cunt and said to his friends, "Look at her cum, man. Unbelievable." 

He moved his head, so his friends could watch the juice gushing out of my cunt hole. The biker girl reached in and got a death grip on my stiff clit and started violently twisting it in every direction. I naturally tried to shut my legs, but the big man held them spread open. One huge orgasm after another kept gushing out of my pussy, juice flowing everywhere. 

Biker girl yelled out, "Fuck her, baby! Fuck her hard!" 

He grabbed his huge cock and rammed it back in deep, until his pubic bone smashed up tight against my clit, followed by twenty or thirty long full length strokes burying his cock each time. He wrapped his hands behind my knees, his palms on the backs of my thighs and pinned my knee caps on the table top, holding my legs spread wide. He lifted up and gave me several long, slow strokes nearly pulling all the way out, then shoving back in, giving an extra hard push at the end to make sure he had it buried in my cunt. The long deep slow strokes were awesome, as I slapped my hands on the table. 

In a very strained voice: "Oh... my... God! That's a big cock! Big cock!" While grunting loud each time the cock got buried in my cunt hole. 

Biker chick said with hate, "Princess getting her pussy torn up, is she?!" followed by that loud, menacing laugh. 

He spread my knees wider and started pounding his cock in me faster. Bang, bang, bang, bang, one very hard thrust after the other, never letting up. I grabbed ahold of both sides of the table and held on tight. Yet again, five minutes, ten minutes plus, constantly pounding his cock all the way in my pussy. It was like he couldn't spread my legs wide enough, or fuck me deep enough. His strokes slowed and got shorter, only pulling out a little, then ramming it back in the hardest yet. After at least fifty of those ultra hard ramming thrusts, he buried his cock in my pussy and held it buried. 

"Ah! Ahhh! Ahhhh!" , he roared like a moose, as he pumped his cum deep in my cunt. 

After the big loads were released, he pulled his cock out half way and really slammed it in hard at least a dozen times. He was huffing and puffing while he stood there, leaving his huge cock buried in my pussy for a real long time. 

A guy said: "That was one hell of a fucking, man." All the other men saying similar things. 

The big man fucking me coughed a little laugh and said: "That's one hell of a pussy." 

He straightened up and slowly withdrew his big log of a cock from my cunt. It fell straight down as the big head slid out of my cunt hole. His cum and my cum poured out of my pussy, falling to the ground. I looked up at him, his pants still down to his ankles, his flaccid cock hanging straight down between his legs. 

Pointing directly at me he said, while panting: "Told you I'd give you a fucking you'd never forget." He bent over, grabbed his pants and pulled them up, stuffing his monster cock in his shorts. 

Getting up to my elbows, my legs still spread open I said panting: "That is one big cock!." 

He turned his head and laughed saying: "Hah! You felt that, did ya?" 

Twisting my head I got a coy smile and said: "Oh yeah... I felt it alright!" 

I laid back down flat my legs still spread wide open my pussy twitching from the awesome fucking it just got. 

He reached out helping me sit up while saying: "Best fuck I ever had." 

I smiled and slid off the table, getting to my feet. I used the bathroom in his camper and came back out, opening my dress wide, flashing everyone. They all let out a chuckle a few clapping. It was nearly three in the morning and everyone had pretty much gone to bed, including most of the bikers, right after the fucking was over. Me, the big man and a couple of the other bikers sat around the camp fire, drinking coffee. They were asking me questions about flashing and what different things have happened to me. 

I even told them about stripping at some bachelor parties and doing a live sex show. The big man who fucked me gave me a card with just his first name and a phone number on it. He said "call me we have bachelor parties now and then." I did call and believe me their bachelor party will be story. Anyway, that was my second trip to the Brickyard 400. It was really wild and I loved re-living it as I wrote it and hope you liked it as well. Kathy


