The Forbidden Fruit, Chapter I

By Tom J. Hyde

Welcome to my first published TG story, my friends. This is a rather explicit story, so as 
usual, if you are not of age, please refrain from continuing past this point. I would like to 
credit the "Simply Captions" website by Polecat, located as www.asstr.org/~polecat for 
the idea of using fruit as the vessel for the transformation. In addition, the plot device of 
using vocal commands to effect a transformation is well used, but goes back to Bill Hart 
in his original SRU: Strangeness at the Frat House. Cheers to the both of them. As usual, 
with all of my stories, I beg you to give me some feedback at tomjhyde@yahoo.com. I 
look forward to hearing from you all.

Enjoy the show and I hope you look forward to the next adventures of Rob and his quest 
for the perfect women. 



Rob grinned, sensing the approach of his victim, even before he heard the car pull up to 
the driveway. Soon, he would have the first of his desires: his own private sex toy. 
Stephen had been a good frienddespite his rather annoying girlfriend. Rob had always 
sensed an innate mystical ability in Betty and that probably meant that she sensed 
something different about him.

However, Betty would soon be removed from the picturebecause it wasn't quite 
possible to have a boyfriend who was never a boy.

A knock at the door signaled Stephan's arrival. Rob glanced at the fruit basket he had 
conjured up a few hours ago and grinned a litter wider. He had made sure that Stephan's 
favorite fruitthe nefarious applewas prominently displayed on top of the pile he had 
transported from the secret garden. Only a few wizards in the area knew about it. Those 
mortals who discovered it usually didn't escape its magical effects.

Rob opened the door to reveal the fairly handsome 20-something Stephan. He was only a 
little younger than Rob, but Stephan had a streak of ambition that had drove him to be 
promoted over Rob at Select Partners. They both had been working there for some time 
and it had irked Rob greatly to see his friendand competitorchosen over him. So 
Rob, being the clever warlock he was, decided to alter history a little. He had planned this 
for the last two weeks, preparing the incantations and the transport spells so that he would 
be able to get the fruit out without the Caretaker knowing about it. And now his revenge 
would be complete.

"Come on in," Rob said with a smiletrying to hide his mirth at snagging Stephan. "Feel 
free to grab something from the basket while I get the Xbox ready."

They both had an affinity for console gamingand loved playing it competitively. As 
Rob went to his TV and console, he glanced at Stephanwho immediately went after the 
apple. He could be so predictable sometimes.

As he walked over to the couch, Stephen took a deep bite from the shiny red fruit. His 
eyes widened at the first taste, obviously impressed by Rob's magical taste enchancement 
spell.

"This is a damn fine apple," Stephen said after swallowing. "Where did you get it?" 

"From a local garden," Rob muttered as he programmed in their preferences for Halo 
multiplayer.

"You've got to give me the address," his victim said, not knowing that he was ingesting 
the spell that would make him Rob's toy.

"I will," Rob replied. "After I kick your ass."

Stephen laughed, obviously amused by the thought. "You can try."

They began playing fiercely. Stephen often took quick breaks to continue feasting on his 
apple. The young warlock could sense the magical charge building within the other ma n 
with every bite.

Finally, after a particularly brutal session that Rob won, Stephen took the last bite of the 
apple, throwing the core away. Rob knew that it was time and ceased hiding his abundant 
glee.

"Now that I've won, it's time for my prize," Rob said enthusiastically.

Stephen looked at his friend oddly and asked what prize he was talking about.

"Why, you of course," Rob said, standing and beginning to circle the young man, 
imagining him as the young woman he would soon change into. "Ever since you stole 
that promotion away from me, I've looked forward to getting back at you. And the apple 
was my solution."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Stephan demanded, obvious perplexed on what 
had gotten into his coworker.

"Ah yes," Rob said smugly. "This is the part where our villain explains all of his 
dastardly plan. You see, I've chosen you to be the first in my new harem of perfect 
women."

A strange expression passed across Stephan's face and Rob could sense the activation of 
the spell.

"You just felt the first little tug against your maleness. The changes will be most 
entertaining, as I added an aphrodisiac spell to the overall incantation."

Stephan's mouth gaped as he felt his brown hair suddenly begin to cascade down the 
sides of his face and past his shoulders. A strange compression sensation came to his 
waist as it seemed that while his hips were flaring out, his waist narrowed so that he had 
the bottom half of an hourglass shape.

A strangely erotic prickling sensation started to emanate from his hands. He held them up 
to watch the skin become softer and the hair begin to disappear. It ran slowly up his 
fingers from the tips and then began to rush up his arms, causing his transforming body to 
shiver and shutter in both pleasure and strangeness. It rippled along his skin into his dress 
shirt and continued both up his neck and down his bodyuntil his skin was entirely 
replaced with the silky soft epidermis of a woman.

Rob watched in fascinationand a little arousalas Stephan's rugged face, revealing 
dark brown eyes with long, perfectly formed lashes and eyebrows. His nose reformed 
into a slightly longish version of his masclune one. The changes continued downwards 
until his lips puffed out until they acquired the classic 'pout' look. The male face that 
Stephen had seen every morning in the mirror had become the paragon of exotic feminine 
beauty.

The changes continued as Stephen's sculpted legs and arms shrank and the muscles lost 
their definition, becoming slender and sexy. Then the victim's body seemed to compress 
in general as he shrank until his eyes were at Rob's throat, instead of over Rob's head.

Then the moreinteresting changes began.

Stephan's shirt ballooned outwards as two mounds rapidly grew. The shirt was quickly 
stretched to it's limits as the man's bust flew outwards. Soon, the growth ceased, though 
the evidence of their creation was quite apparent on Stephan's female visage. His new 
female face was blushing in pleasure and Rob was most amused to see a budge in his 
crotch. The arousal was undeniable as Stephan unwillingly caressed the thimbles standing 
proudly from his new mammaries.

The second to last change occurred that threatened to send him over the top. Suddenly, 
his clothes shrank, rubbing all of the right areas as they settled tightly over his new 
mostly-female form. His dress shirt became an overly-tight white blouse that showed off 
both his new assets and his shapely midriff. The slacks became skintight velvet capris
which definitely showed off his male equipmentwhile his shoes became small delicate 
sandals. The only thing remaining from his male form was the outline of his manhood.

The final change made that disappear as it was drawn into his body, creating a new and 
very sensitiveand engorgedoraface that exploded immediately upon completion. 

Her body shook as pleasure rushed over it, caught in the esctacy of her first female 
orgasm.

Stephen ran her hands along the stretched out fabric of her new blouse that allowed the 
world to see her new-acquired cleavage. She stood before Rob and moaned softly as her 
hands moved down her breast and to her new body.

"Why did you do this to me?" Stephen askedand was immediately shocked at her new 
sex-laden voice.

Rob slowly walked in a circle around the new woman, smiling at the changes his magic 
fruit had caused. "Well, the magical studies I've read show that men respond much better 
than women when it come to transforming them into my perfect womennamely 
bisexual sluts. It has to do with the hormone reactions, especially the estrogen rush that 
the body undergoes."

"Waitdid you say bisexual slut?"

"Why yes, I did. Which reminds me" Rob spoke an ancient word, that would allow 
him access to he second part of the spell.

Stephen's eyes widened as his mind opened like an old library book, ready to be reador 
rewritten. "What are youdoing?" she asked in a quiet distant voice.

"Well, your current state of mind is totally unacceptable for the sex games that I intend to 
enjoy with that new body of yours. After all, what's the point in transforming somebody 
into a young nymph if you can't enjoy the fruit of your efforts?" He cackled slightly at 
his last pun. 

As he spoke, his words were emblazoned into Stephen's mind as absolute truth. His 
words were the facts of her existence, so much so that her body changed as he made his 
alternations.

"First of all, your name is no longer Stephen. It is Stephanie Kelly. You are a stripper at 
the Nol's Club and you are the best stripper in the whole city. You were a Playmate two 
years ago. You constantly get large sums of money as a result of your sensual gyrations."

Across town, the sign above Nol's changed from "Best Bachalor Parties" to "Playmate 
Stephanie Kelly now appearing!"

"When you were a freshman in high school, you had your first sexual experience. It was 
with your best friends, both a guy and a girl. Since that point, you have been a confirmed 
bisexual. You found out that you had a magical ability not to get pregnant unless you 
specifically desire so. Throughout high school, you had a knack for seducing both men 
and women and fucked almost the entire football team and cheerleading team. No one 
could withstand your charms."

Intense sexual memories flooded Stephanie's mind as reality change to her being the high 
school slut. Her sex changed from the soft fresh version to a much more well-used one.

"You continued your ways into college, where you would slowly seduce entire frats
and the occasional sororityat a time. You were given a B.A. in entertainment, primarily 
because you slept with almost all of your teachers. You know an incredible amount about 
pleasing a man and almost as much about pleasing women."

More sexual knowledge swept away Stephen's memories as Stephanie recalled all the 
various ways she could make a man cum in two minutes or less.

"You met me at one of your more outlandish strip sessions at Nol's. I caught your eye 
and while you did a lapdance for me, you slipped your number in my pocket. I called and 
you found yourself irresisably drawn to me. You moved in three months ago and since 
the you've been happily living out your role as part-time stripper and full-time sex slave 
to me. You also have learned to cook and clean around the house.

In the master bathroom upstairs, half of the vanity was suddenly festooned with various 
different feminine articles and one of the nightstands next to the bed was filled with sex 
toys.

"Every now and then, you invite a few of your stripper friends from the club over for a 
nude party. They are all now bisexual, primarily because you've eaten each one of them 
out in your dressing room."

More memories entered Stephanie's mind, this time of sweet-smelling pussies and very 
suckable nipples. And of her tradition from getting it on with one of the girls every time 
before she went out on stage.

"You have no memory of a man named Stephen. You are and always have been the very 
horny Stephanie Kelly."

All of the last remains of Stephen's existence vanished from both the outside world and 
Stephanie's sex-laden mind. 

"Now, my sweet Stephanie, awaken!"

Stephanie closed her eyes momentarily and took a deep breath that caused her massive 
tits to heave. Her hands ran down her body in a slow, sensual motion until they reached 
the crotch. She opened her eyes and the intelligence behind them were quite different.

In a husky voice, Stephanie purred, "Ohh, babyyou must have done something with 
that fruit I just ate. I'm so horny I could fuck the whole valley football team again." She 
walkedno saunteredover to him and smiled. "You think you could do something 
about that?"

Rob smiled at the gorgeous nymphomanic he had created. "Let's see."

Stephanie smiled even wider and slowly moved her dainty hands towards his waist. 
Slowly, she eased them down into his pants until they grasped what they were seeking: 
his cock. Slowly, she began stroking it, loving the feel of it against her hand. She pumped 
it slowly and softly until it stiffened to a rigid pole. She remembered the first time that 
she had seen Rob's manhood the night he had brought her back from the club. They had 
such fun that night.

"These pants are kind of in the way," Stephanie said with a smile. "You mind if I remove 
the obstacle?"

"Not a problem," Rob said generously.

She removed her hand from inside his pants. Now, it was quite obvious that he was 
aroused because of the massive bulge at his crotch. She ran her hand along it, feeling the 
pulsing power of it through the fabic, then swiftly undid his belt and zipper, releasing his 
member. 

She licked her lips in anticipation then began licking him. Her tongue moved up and 
down the shaft in a maneuver she had perfected in high school. She focused on the skin 
directly below the tip, knowing well the fact that this was one of the most sensitive areas. 
Then she paused momentarily to smile up at him, knowing that he could never resist a 
blowjob from her.

She lifted herself slightly up and swallowed him. She moved her head up and down 
rapidly, loving the taste of him and the sound of his pleasure. Rob's moans went straight 
into her sex, moistening it for the next act. She knew that Rob had the unique ability to be 
ready after a blowjob from her. She used her hand to stroke that part of him that she 
wasn't able to deep throat.

Her arousal became ever more acute when his hands took the side of her head and began 
moving her to the rhythm that he desired. She had always loved being controlledto a 
degreeby him, ever since that first night.

Soon, she could tell that he was ready to release. She doubled her efforts, willing her 
reward to come.

"You're such a good little cocksucker," Rob panted in pleasure. "Yes."

The compliment aroused Stephanie even more and she decided it was time. She began 
furiously playing with his tip with his tongue, the trick that always made him cum, no 
matter what. Sure enough, a few seconds later, she was rewarded by the stiffening of his 
member and a spurt of manliness. She swallowed every last drop, loving the salty taste of 
it until he was finally done.

She stood, licked her lips and smiled with pleasure at the sweaty man before her. "How 
was that?" she asked.

"I knew that you'd be good, but I never realized how good," Rob said, still trying to catch 
his breath.

"What are you talking about? You act like I've never sucked you off before," the woman 
said with a smile.

"Never mind," Rob said, realizing his mistake, but knowing that Stephanie wouldn't 
question it. "Do you need some rest?"

"Oh no," she purred. "I think I'm ready for the next act. How about you sit down 
though?"

Rob nodded, not quite sure what she was planning, but knowing that he wouldn't mind. 
He sat down in an armless chair and looked at her.

Stephanie smiled seductively at her lover and slowly began moving to unseen music. The 
gyrations of her trim, sexy body. Her hands ran slowly along her body, cupping her 
breasts, lingering on her nipples then slowly moving downwards until she reached her 
miniskirt. Her hands ran along her waist while Rob watched in fascination. He had his 
own private stripper!

Finally, her hands moved to the claps on her skirt and with a swift movement, undid it. It 
fell to her feet, reavling her lacy red panites that served only one purpose: to arouse the 
man she had been so turned on by in the club those months ago. Her hands began 
exploring the panites, darting over her sex which had created a huge wet spot. She teased 
him a little more then moved her hands above her waist to her blouse. 

Her body still gyrating, she began to massage her swollen tits. She had always gotten a 
little to 'in' to her stripping, so much so that once she had been so horny coming off the 
stage that she attacked her manager in the hallway. She had simply unzipped him, gave 
him a short hand job to have him ready, then plunged herself on him until they both came 
hard. She remembered getting a substainal raise after that night.

She slowly began unbuttoning her too-tight top until it too fell to the ground and joined 
her skirt. She moaned in pleasure as her tits were freed, as she almost always did. The 
nipples stood out proudly on the soft, sweaty skin. She pinched lightly on them, making 
them even harder, then her hands returned to her panities.

She explored herself underneath the fabic and begun teasing herself. She exaggerated her 
movements only slightly for Rob's pleasuremost of her movements were authentic 
because of how horny she was.

She looked at her man with burning lust. She wanted him, badly. But she wanted to finish 
her routine, so she slowly slipped the panites down her legs until they too laid on the 
floor. A perfectly trimmed patch of pubic hair that was as red as the waves on top of her 
head adorned her crotch. It was already damp from her previous efforts. And she wanted 
to make sure it got a whole lot wetter. 

As her scent filled both the room and Rob's nostrils, she slunk over to his still-rigid 
manhood and massaged it softly, bringing small moans of pleasure from her lover. As 
one hand continued to play with his pole, the other began removing his jeans. She 
regretted the moments she had to use both hands to pull them off, as she couldn't feel his 
pulse of life for the brief moment. Quickly, she removed his sweat-stained boxers until he 
was nude from the waist down.

She wanted to plunge herself down upon him right then and there, but she knew that he 
loved the feeling of her swollen tits on his naked chest, so she removed his T-shirt then 
smiled down on him as she hovered less than an inch from his cock.

"Ready for the main event?" she purred. Rob only nodded, he was so overcome with her.

If Stephan had been told when he came over to Rob's that he would soon be sucking on 
Rob's cock, he would have probably slugged the person who dared mention the idea. If 
he had been told that he would give Rob a striptease then proceed to fuck his brains out 
on his manhood, he would have hit a great deal harder.

But Stephanie was a totally different animal. She remembered the marathon session Rob 
and she had shared when he first brought her home. She remembered sucking him off 
again and again, stripping for him, then being fucked over and over again. That night, 
Rob had her in almost every way possible. She still blushed sometimes thinking of that 
night, and of the total slut she had beenand how much she had loved being Rob's slut. 
She felt that something was different this time, but she also knew that whenever she did it 
with Rob, she felt like a true, wild woman.

With this last though, she began to tease himand herselfwith her clit. She ran her 
soaking wet sex along the tip of his member, moaning at the pleasure that this brief 
touched caused. She had intended to tease him for some time, but she realized that she 
was way too horny for thatand so was Rob. After about thirty seconds, he lifted his 
pelvis up so he entered her about halfway. 

The quick pentration caused her to orgasm immediately. She bucked just a little, loving 
the feeling of him inside her, then willingly slid the rest of the way down. He began to 
move up and down and she was helpless to resist. Her mind was filled with thoughts of 
lust and sex. She could only think about the seemingly massive member slipping in and 
out of her walls. She mashed her tits against his chest and began rubbing them on his 
sweaty torso, knowing how erotic he found this. Soon she was crying out at every thrust.

"Yes, yes!" she cried as her back arched in pleasure. "Oh you're so good, Rob! Fuck me 
harder!"

Rob complied, pounding into her. Wet slaps could be heard as their pelvises slammed 
repeatedly together. She felt the heat rise in her again and cried out as another orgasm hit 
her. 

"More, baby! More!" the sex-crazed woman moaned.

She could tell that he was getting closer and closer to his own climax and she desperately 
wanted to feel him cum inside of her. She felt like a perfect woman whenever he came 
inside of her.

"Cum for me," she whispered in his ear as her hands ran along his sweaty body. "Make 
me a woman. Cum inside me now!" She began squeezing him with her walls, urging him, 
feeling the need for his seed inside her like a physical hunger.

Suddenly, she was given what she desired. His back arched and he cried out. She felt his 
member stiffen and release it's load into her sex. The feeling of the warm liquid inside of 
her set her off immediately into another orgasm, this one the most mind-blowing yet. She 
lost all touch with reality, only feeling the waves of hot pleasure that crashed over her 
like an ocean.

Their hips continued to jerk wildly for a few moments longer, more out of automatic 
reflex than anything else. Finally, when they had both come down from their highs, she 
slowly moved off of him. 

She actually felt sated for the moment, something that even Rob had trouble doing. 
Something about that last fuck had been different. She felt more like a true woman than 
ever before. She leaned over and gave Rob a soft and quiet kiss. He only smiled back. 
There was something strange in his eyes, but she didn't care.

Yes, she was a real woman and she was happy with Rob. After all, it wasn't every man 
who could satisfy a sex-crazed slut like her every day. She giggled lightly at this thought, 
took Rob's hand and pulled him in the direction of the shower.

She did have work tonight and she had to be ready to give the other men a glimpse of the 
wonders that Rob saw every day. Her mother had taught her to share, after all. And what 
more wondrous thing to share than her?


Rob smiled at his new nypho woman as they made their way to the shower. The fruit 
basket had worked even better than he had planned. She was his entirely and didn't 
remember a thing about her life as a man. He knew that he would enjoy Stephanie, but 
decided that his collection of perfect woman was far from complete

To Be Continued

 after all. And what 
more wondrous thing to share than her?


Rob smiled at his new nypho woman as they made their way to the shower. The fruit 
basket had worked even better than he had planned. She was his entirely and didn't 
remember a thing about her life as a man. He knew that he would enjoy Stephanie, but 
decided that his collection of perfect woman was far from complete

To Be Continued

