Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Devil's Pact, Tales from the Best Buy Orgy: The Number one Rule of Retail Chapter Two: Coffee After Work
Summary: Kevin finally has the courage to ask Jessie out on a date, unaware of her new brand of customer service.
Keywords: MF rom

Copyright 2013

Monday, June 10th 2013  Kevin Mattock  South Hill, WA

	All I could think about since I woke up was Jessie Smith. 

	Actually, all I could think about since last Thursday when the 'Incident' happened, was Jessie Smith.

	Well, to be honest, I haven't been able to stop thinking about Jessie Smith since the day she was hired back in January. January Fourteenth, to be precise. A Tuesday. I fell in love with her at first sight. Jessie barely even noticed me.

	She was just so pretty. Curly, blonde hair that framed her cute face. And that was the word for it. Cute. From her button nose, to her round, gray eyes and pursed lips. She was tall, almost as tall as I was. And maybe she didn't have the biggest tits, but hers filled out the blue Best Buy polo she wore very nicely and her ass looked quite shapely in her khaki pants. I, on the other hand, was a nerdy guy with far too many pimples on my face and too shy to talk to the girl of my dreams.

	But when Mark Glassner unleashed his gas in the Best Buy, I watched the love of my life getting fucked over and over by a line of men. And I was one of them. I didn't last long when I fucked her as she was bent over the Geek Squad desk. It was my first time, and with my Jessie no less. I barely got to enjoy her tight hole before I was shooting off inside her. I was just so excited to finally lose my virginity.

	And now it was Monday, the store reopening after the FBI finished their investigation over the weekend, and I was afraid Jessie would hate me. She must hate all the men who took advantage of her in our inebriated state. How could she not hate us. What girl would enjoy getting gangbanged at her work. I wondered if I could handle my Jessie hating me as I walked into the Best Buy, and made my way back to the breakroom.

	The breakroom was a sad place; a few tables, terrible florescent lights that flickered, and a microwave that must be from the seventies, which was just sad. We sold microwaves. How much would it cost the company to break out one of the many microwaves we sell for fifty dollars. And the less said about the smells in the refrigerator the better.

	My shift started at 11:45 so I clocked in and turned to see Jessie walk in. She looked so sexy today, almost like an entirely new Jessie. Her cute face was transformed into a sexy vixen with blonde curls by the careful application of makeup. Her Best Buy polo looked two sizes too small for her and she clearly wasn't wearing a bra. I could see the outline of her breasts and the two tents caused by her hard nipples. Her pants were low-riding and tight and I could see the top of her red thong.

	Hey, Jessie, I squeaked as I walked by. My face reddened with lust and embarrassment as my cock hardened uncomfortably in my underwear. I...er...hi, I stammered.

	Hi Kevin, she answered in her cute, bubbly voice. 

	My heart pounded with joy. She didn't hate me. All I had to do was talk like a normal person. Just tell her to have a nice day, Kevin, then work your way to asking her out for some coffee. Instead, I stammered out, Well..er...have a nice...um...yeah. What was that Kevin? That wasn't how a normal person talked, I berated myself. Flustered, I pushed past her out onto the Sales Floor.

	I spent my entire day discreetly watching Jessie and fantasizing about asking her out. Jessie was quite friendly with our customers, I noticed, walking up and being very helpful. Then she would disappear off to the bathroom. There must be something wrong with her? She seemed fine whenever I looked at her, but maybe she was just putting on a brave face. Whenever she noticed that I was starring at her, she would smile back at me, the cutest and most amazing smile of all time that sent my heart hammering with joy.

	The day just seemed to drag on and on. Every time I glanced at my phone, I would swear time should be going faster. When I wasn't watching Jessie or fantasizing about being with her again, I had to help the customers. And today they just seemed especially stupid. My mind was too focused on how I would ask Jessie out. Running through scenario after scenario, and I just couldn't be bothered to give a damn about the customer's stupid questions about tablets, or explain for the fifteenth time the difference between DVD and Bluray.

	Finally, it was time for me to clock out. Instead of going home, I hung out in the breakroom. Jessie would be clocking out fifteen minutes after me and I was going to ask her out. I told myself that I shouldn't be nervous. I mean, I've already had sex with her, so why was I so terrified of asking her out for a coffee. And she seemed happy to see me in the breakroom this morning. And she never used to smile at me like she has all day. It's a sign, Kevin. You just need to have some confidence.

	Jessie walked in. As the day wore on, her uniform looked a little more rumpled, her hair mused, and her makeup looked a little smeared in places. Her cute face was flushed and sweaty, and she was counting a wad of bills as she walked in, a satisfied grin on her face. Part of my mind wondered where she got all that money, but the rest of me was focused on asking her out and ignored that questioning voice.

	Hey, Jessie, I said. How was your day? Good, you didn't stammer once, Kevin. You are making progress.

	Oh, hi Kevin, she brightly said. I had a very satisfying day! she answered with a laugh. It was like she had some inside joke that only she knew about.

	That's good. I took a deep breath. You can do this, Kevin. Would you...I mean...umm...Would you like to...you know...um...get some...eh...coffee? I finally stammered out.

	Jessie blinked at me. Are you trying to ask me out? For coffee?

	I nodded, not trusting myself to speak anymore.

	She eyed me, a considering smile on her face. Sure, I think that would be nice.

	My heart sang for joy, but I tried to play it cool. Great, I said. Um, shall we...you know.

	Get going? she asked with a smile and I nodded my head. Sure, let's go.

	Neither of us had a car, so we walked the few blocks to the Starbucks. It was in the same strip mall the old Borders Bookstore used to be in before they went out of business. I used to love shopping at the Borders and now it was some lame store called TJ Max. We walked in silence. I didn't know what to say. I couldn't believe this was actually happening. I was on a date with Jessie Smith. My heart could sing!

	I ordered a venti Mocha and Jessie ordered a Chai tea. Our drinks in hand we found a table in the corner and sat down. I sipped my Mocha and stared at her as she happily sipped her Chai tea, her eyes flicking around the Starbucks. My eyes were drawn to her breasts, watching them rise and fall with her breathing and I could feel my cock stir in my khaki pants.

	Are you going to speak? she finally asked.

	Sorry, I said. I just... I got all tongue-tied again. You're just really pretty and I...I'm getting...yeah. I flushed and sipped my Mocha, feeling like a complete idiot.

	Jessie reached across the table and grabbed my hand. I understand. You're just nervous. So, let's deal with that.

	She stood up, still holding my hand. Her fingers were warm and slender and a tingle of electricity ran up my arm as I held her. She pulled me to the restrooms and pushed me inside locking the door behind her.

	What... I started to say. 

	My words died when I saw her breasts as she peeled the tight polo off. They were small, just a handful, but so beautiful, with hard, dark-pink nipples standing proudly erect. Was this a dream? Was Jessie Smith about to let me fuck her in the bathroom of a Starbucks?

	Go ahead, you can touch the girls, she cheerfully informed me.

	I reached out and gently touched a warm, soft breast, giving it a squeeze. Her breast felt so amazing, soft yet firm. I took my thumb, sliding it across her silky skin and brushing her hard nipple. Jessie gave a soft sigh as I touched the erect nub. Encouraged, I rub my thumb in circles about her hard nipple and I felt her shudder.

	Umm, I like your hand on my breast, Kevin, she purred, then leaned in and fireworks went off inside me as her lips captured mine. She tasted sweet, her lips soft and gentle, rubbing against my lips. At first I was stiff, not sure what to do, but she persisted and I started moving my lips, nibbling on hers. Her tongue fluttered against my lips and I parted them and let her agile tongue inside my mouth.

	I was panting, out of breath, when she broke the kiss. You've never kissed a girl before?

	No, I answered. 

	Well, you started to relax there at the end, she murmured. I bet you'll get better, though. Her hand started rubbing at my hard cock through my pants. Umm, you're as big as I remember from the Incident.

	Are we going to... I trailed off, not sure what to say.

	Fuck? she asked, then nodded her head. After we fuck, I bet you'll relax enough for us to talk.

	With that, she kicked off her shoes, then unbuttoned and shimmied out of her tight pants. She was standing there in just her red thong. The back disappeared between her perky butt cheeks and it fit her so tight, I could see the outline of her pussy. And no pussy hair peaked out. She was shaved. I loved jerking off to shaved pussies. Then I remember what her pussy looked like on Thursday. How could I ever forget how her blonde fur was matted with the cum leaking out of her pussy right before I slid my dick into her. She's shaved it since then, I realized. I guess it's part of her new, sexy look.

	I almost came in my pants as she pulled off her red thong and her naked pussy came into view. She looked so wet, a creamy gleam about the tight, shaved lips of her cunt. My cock was so hard, it felt like it was going to burst out of my pants. Jessie reached out and unbuttoned and unzipped me. She pulled out my cock and stroked it.

	Umm, that is a nice cock, Kevin, she purred. One of the biggest I've ever had.

	How many cocks had she had? Her hand felt too good to worry about that, though, as she stroked up and down on my shaft. Well...uhh...you have a nice p-pussy, I stammered, as her palm rubbed the sensitive tip of my dick. The nicest pussy I've ever seen.

	To my amazement Jessie flushed prettily and her boldness vanished and she seemed so virginal. Not the sexual predator that lured me in here, but the young, cute girl I remembered from before the Incident. I reached out and stroked her face and she rubbed her cheek into my hand, then kissed my palm. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in for a kiss.

	I think I kissed her better, this time, and it was my tongue that invaded her sweet lips. I had my hand at her breast again, delighting in the soft feel of it. She half sat on the sink, her hands on my cock, guiding me to her wet hole. My cock brushed her pussy lips and I thrust my hips forward and sank halfway into her. She moaned into my lips, clutching me tightly as my second thrust buried me all the way into her.

	Oh, yes, she sighed. That feels so nice inside me.

	Her pussy felt as amazing as last time, tight and wet. My cock slid easily in and out, pleasure tingling throughout my entire body. Her hips wiggled on the sink, matching my thrusts as her arms held me tight. One of her arms slid down my back and she gripped my ass, pulling me into her. I returned the favor, sliding my hand down and groping her perky butt.

	You feel so wonderful, I whispered, kissing at her neck.

	Go a little faster, she moaned, then gave a throaty laugh. Yeah, oh fuck, yeah.

	I was pistoning in and out of her, my cum building in my balls. Her neck was thrown back and I was sucking at her pale, white flesh. I slammed harder and harder into her, unable to hold back any longer. My balls boiled over and I shot a load of cum up inside her pussy. 

	Oohhh, I love it when a guy shoots inside me, she panted and I felt her pussy contracting on my softening cock and her body went rigid in my arms. Smiling happily, she kissed me again. Umm, let's say we finish our drinks.

	Sure, I smiled.

	When I pulled out, I could see my milky cum mixing with her wet pussy. She grabbed a wad of toilet paper and began wiping up the mess then she pulled on her thong and the rest of her clothes. That was awesome, I told her as she pulled on her shirt. 

	Her face was flushed and her hair mused and she smiled happily at me. It was.

	We went back out into the coffee shop and found our drinks still barely warm. And we talked. Jessie was right, I just needed to relax. We joked and complained about work. Talked about TV shows and movies and video games. Jessie was really into Minecraft and spent fifteen minutes talking about  some mod called FTB that made Minecraft Into the most amazing thing ever, she said all bubbly. Like a brand new game.

	We were both hungry after a while, so we walked over to Ichiban Teryaki and I bought us dinner and we continued our talking. Jessie was an amazing girl and before we knew it, Jessie had to go.

	I'll miss the last bus if I don't go, she complained with obvious disappointment.

	So I walked her to the bus stop and waited with her for the 402. She kissed me one last time before she got on the bus and I watched it disappear down the road, carrying Jessie away from me. I was wondering what tomorrow would bring when my phone rang.

	Hey, Jessie, I answered with a smile.

	And our conversation continued as I walked north down Meridian to my apartment as Jessie traveled south to hers. Finally, even our phone conversation had to end. I'll see you tomorrow, I told Jessie as I laid down in my bed, the battery on my phone dying.

	I'm looking forward to it, she answered. And we definitely should go out for coffee, afterwards. There was a hint of promise in her voice.

	Happiness blossomed within me. Today was the greatest day of my life. Jessie Smith, the girl of my dreams, seemed to be my girlfriend. I could not wait to see her smiling face, tomorrow. For once, I was looking forward to going to work.

To be continued...