                                    Mysterious Fruit
                                     By Lust 4 Life

Ellen is a mid-level manager in a large company. Her company sends a number of mid-
level managers, including Ellen on a team building trip which includes a one day cruise on 
a small charter boat. An unexpected storm leaves them shipwrecked on an uncharted 
island. After their meager food supplies run out they are forced to eat a strange fruit that 
grows on the island but it has some rather unexpected side effects. M+/F+, orgy, impreg

Shipwreck

I dont know which is worse. The first time, when we were not expecting it, or the 
subsequent times when we knew what would happen, but had to eat anyway. Of course, 
none of this was supposed to happen at all. I mean, what could go wrong on a 1 day, 
office team building cruise? And who could imagine in this day and age of GPS 
navigation, radios, high quality maps, and satellite weather that we could end up 
marooned for weeks on an uncharted desert island? But it did, boy did it ever go wrong, 
in so many ways.

My name is Ellen. Our company decided to send a bunch of us, mid-level department 
heads, on a team building exercise to learn more about each other and how to work better 
together. They certainly accomplished that and then some, but in ways they never 
imagined. We were booked on this one day cruise, supposed to do team building 
exercises on board, away from all interruptions, and return rejuvenated.

Im still not entirely sure what happened. An unexpected storm blew up out of nowhere, 
the radio went to hell, most of us were casting our accounts to Neptune (i.e. puking our 
guts out), and the skipper said he couldnt get a GPS signal. Next thing we knew there 
was a tremendous crunch, we all went flying, and then the motion stopped. It was still 
pouring rain, but had run aground but good. Fortunately no one was seriously injured and 
we were on a beach, so no danger of sinking or being dashed on the rocks and killed. We 
waited it out, most of the night.

The storm finally subsided and the day dawned clear. The boat was a depressing sight: 
the bow was sheared off, much of one side was stove in, the antennas were all gone, and 
even if we had them, the entire electrical system was toast: must have taken a lightning 
strike or something. Both the radio and the GPS were gone so no idea where we were 
and no way to call for help. Well, not as planned, but in the end, how bad could it be 
really? We were all safe, healthy, marooned on a beautiful tropical island. So our team 
building exercise might be a bit more realistic than planned, we might get a little extra 
R&R in paradise, paid for by the company. All we had to do was relax and enjoy it until 
rescued. Until rescued, exactly. We were only due to be gone for a day. It was already 
the next day. Our basic route was known and we would already have been reported 
missing. I mean, how long could it possibly take to search the area and find us? A day? 
Maybe 2? We had some food on board, so we decided to go with the flow and enjoy.

The first day was not bad, mostly relaxing, a bit of swimming. A few people explored a 
bit but it was a small island. That night we could have stayed in the remains of the boat if 
we had needed to, but it was a warm tropical night. We built a bonfire, a few people 
collected some palm boughs to lay on, and we slept outside on the beach.

The next day we were still not worried. A bit surprised that no one had found us, yet, but 
not worried. We had found a small spring with fresh water, but we were almost out of 
food (after all, the boat only really packed food for the one day cruise). Again, while 
most of us relaxed and enjoyed, a few people decided to go explore again, see if they 
could find anything interesting to eat. A couple of hours later they returned carrying 
several things which looked like small melons or large fruit. They said they found it 
growing on a tree and that it was the only thing that looked edible, which they had been 
able to find. None of us recognized, so we thought it was probably best not to sample it, 
but later that day, one of the guys decided to try a few small bites to see if it was safe. 
He reported that it tasted very good. Several hours passed with no adverse effects. By 
this time we had run out of food and had not found anything else to eat. We had 
surprisingly had no luck finding anything in the ocean  it seemed the island was 
surround by a sterile sanding beach stretching out to well over our heads. Ideal 
swimming, but horrible for marine life and food. We were hungry, but decided we should 
wait one more day before eating the fruit, although it did appear to be safe to eat.

The next morning dawned, another beautiful tropical day. We were famished and there 
was no sign of rescue, so by unanimous consent we decided we had no choice but to start 
eating the fruit. It was delicious! We each ate a full meal and felt so much better. With 
our improved attitudes that come with a full stomach, we again relaxed on the beach. It 
was perhaps 30 minutes later before I first noticed it.

The Fruit Effect

I was lying on the beach enjoying the tropical morning when I felt a tingle in my vagina. 
Uhm, that was nice. Then my legs felt a bit antsy, I felt like I needed to tense them a bit, 
squirm a bit. Hm-m, guess I was getting a bit horny. Well not surprising  I hadnt seen 
my boyfriend for several days before the trip so now it had been almost a week with no 
sex. The tingling was back now, but stronger, my pussy twitched on its own, I felt my 
internal muscles clenching, tensing, pulsing. Damn, I really was getting horny! My nipples 
were starting to tingle, starting to stand up under my light top, which just made them rub 
against the material, stimulating them more, which made my pussy tingle more. I could 
feel it starting to get damp. What was going on? I mean I am a red blooded, horny 
woman, but I had never had it come over me like this before. This was close to getting 
out of control! I couldnt really lie still but had to squirm a bit from the tension in my 
crotch.

I thought I might have to take a stroll in the woods to find a place to relieve some of this 
tension. But something in me didnt want to go. A part of my mind seemed to say, But 
there are no men in the woods. You need cock and it is all here on the beach. Whoa! 
Where did that come from? In the first place, I really had no intention of fooling around 
on my boyfriend, I should be able to control myself until I was back with him. In the 
second place, my diaphragm was back in my car  no way I was going to need it on a 
short day cruise on a crowded boat, right? Even if I was horny, cock was the one thing I 
did not need. Yes you do that strange uncontrolled part of my brain seemed to 
respond. I was definitely feeling weird about this, not to mention that my body felt warm 
all over and I realized I was slowly circling my hips and clenching my pussy muscles.

I looked around at the others. After watching for a few minutes it was obvious everyone 
was squirming around bit as well. Other people were looking around too, clearly a bit 
confused by what was going on. I saw a few people, men and women who appeared to 
have their hands pressing in their crotches while trying to conceal what they were doing. 
As I watched, one man stood, there was an obvious tent in his shorts which really made 
me squirm (and then I realized my own hand was in my crotch, pushing against my pussy, 
trying to tame the desire there). He started toward the forest, I knew what he was doing, 
exactly what I was going to do in a moment, heading to somewhere private where he 
could masturbate and relieve the tension in his groin. But after going a short distance he 
stopped, and then began slowly to head back, looking sort of confused.

By this time I could barely contain myself. I was looking at the men who by now all 
seemed to have rather large bulges in their pants, and imaging them naked. I wanted to 
fuck them all. No I REALLY wanted to fuck them all, I had to fuck them. Those hard 
cocks needed a warm pussy, it would be wrong not to help them relieve their lust. No! 
What was I thinking? I couldnt do that! No matter how much I needed it, the risk was 
too great. I was sure no one had bothered to pack condoms. You wouldnt want a 
condom anyway. With a condom you wouldnt get to feel the hot, wet cum in your 
pussy. I realized my hand was now inside my bikini bottom, busily fingering my now 
soggy pussy. This was nuts! Completely out of control. What was going on? Why was I, a 
senior department manager lying here on a beach fingering myself in public with all the 
other managers laying here? Why was my mind telling me it wanted a hard cock spurting 
its cum into me when I had no protection?

The man who had initially headed for the woods was now almost back to the group. He 
looked very hesitant and confused about what to do, but the bulge in his pants was more 
than obvious. Then one of the other women stood, and walked toward him. She had 
always been a very aloof and distant manager, and yet I knew before it happened, what 
she was about to do. She pressed her body to him, grinding lewdly against him, kissing 
him deeply, passionately. Their hands were all over each other, grabbing buttocks, breasts, 
groping crotches, without hesitation, without inhibition, in plain sight of all the other 
managers here on the beach. Then they were tearing at each others clothes. My whole 
body shook with lust at what I was seeing, with the sure knowledge that they were about 
to fuck right there on the beach in front of us all. Somehow I knew they were beyond 
control.

It wasnt until I was thinking, Damn Tony is a hunk. And look at the bulge in his pants 
he is massaging. I really need to fuck him that I realized I was on my feet and headed 
toward him. Wait! I tried to tell myself. You cant do this! Its wrong. And you dont 
have any birth control. Get a grip. But this other part of my mind was saying, Look at 
that. He has a big erection and it is going to feel really good inside. Oh yes, just gotta ride 
that shaft, gotta feel it throbbing inside. It felt like a sex maniac had taken over my body 
and was going to get laid no matter the consequences. I had no control, I continued 
toward Tony. I was vaguely aware that other people were starting to pair up, men 
approaching women, women approaching men. The first two were now naked, groping 
each other as they fell to the sand in passion. What is the world was happening to us?

I had reached Tony. I was flabbergasted to hear myself saying, I need you to fuck me 
with that big dick you have there. And I found I was already taking off my blouse, 
baring my breasts for him. He responded immediately, pulling down his pants so I could 
see his erection, straining up from his crotch. That delicious male instrument of creation 
that would soon be pounding deep inside of me. And that sack with his two sperm 
generating testicles, the source of his male seed that I would soon feel spurting inside me. 
No! I have to get a grip! I cant do this! I cant fuck another manager right here on the 
beach in plain sight of everyone else! And I cant take his sperm in my body with no birth 
control! I willed my body to turn away, but instead my bikini bottoms were off and I 
was bending over toward his cock, taking it in my mouth and sucking it! It was like the 
normal, rational part of my mind had been completely disconnected from my body, sort 
of put in a box where it still received the sensory input, but had no control over any part 
of my body. Meanwhile, some sex maniac had taken over all control of my body and was 
absolutely intent on getting fucked and fucked right now. All I could do was watch and 
go along for the ride.

His hard cock felt so wonderful in my mouth. I loved feeling the texture of it with my 
tongue, hearing him groan with pleasure. My hands cupped his balls making him squirm 
and thrust into my mouth. I moved around so I was straddling him, my pussy in his face 
while I continued to suck on him. He immediately began licking my clit making me 
shudder. It felt wonderful, in fact all of the sensations while normally great, seemed 
magnified, absolutely incredible. Despite that, the part of my mind in the box was still 
protesting, I shouldnt be doing this, acting the wanton, shoving my pussy in some guys 
face here on the beach.

Soon Tony was saying, Thats enough. I want to fuck you! And I found my body 
quickly moving off of him, rolling over on my back in the sand, legs spread wide in 
invitation, saying Yes! Stuff the big dick inside me! Fuck me! I need it so bad! Then 
Tony was between my legs, his cock standing out, eager for my pussy, my body, as he 
brought the head toward my entrance. I was yelling No! Not here! Not now! as loud as 
I could and trying to pull away, close my legs, deny him entrance, but the sex maniac in 
my body was in control. Instead, my hands were pulling my legs apart wider and I was 
saying, Do it! I want to feel your head bumping my cervix, your balls on my ass. I want 
to feel you shooting your cream inside me! Im open and fertile for you! And then he 
was sliding into me. Oh my God did that feel wonderful! I was crying out in pleasure, 
thrusting up to meet him, to help him get the greatest depth in me.

Tony immediately began fucking me, thrusting his naked cock hard into my unprotected 
body. My body was on fire with pleasure like I had never felt before. Waves of pleasure 
centered in my pussy, centered on the hard shaft thrusting up inside me, and radiating out 
from there throughout my body. Oh my god did that feel wonderful. I was yelling, Fuck 
me! Oh fuck me with that big cock! Harder! Give it to me! Then the waves crested and I 
thought I would explode. My body was shaking and convulsing in the most intense 
orgasm I ever felt. I could feel my pussy gripping the invading cock as I wailed in 
pleasure.

My partner continued his fantastic thrusting of that marvelous cock inside me. I could 
feel his body tensing, the urgency of his thrusting increasing and knew he getting close. 
That ominous slit on the end was getting ready to shoot his seed from the testicles I could 
feel banging on my ass, deep inside me. If I was to avoid a belly full I needed to get him 
to stop now! I was trying desperately to pull back, off that potent rod, to plead with him 
to stop, but the sex maniac was still in control. Yes, do it! Do it! Fuck my pussy! I need 
your cum inside me! Fill my cunt with you sperm! Im ready for you! was what came 
out. Oh baby! Youre so hot! God I want to cum in you! Fill you with my seed! Knock 
you up! Oh youre making me boil! You are the best lay Ive ever had! Youre gonna 
make me cum so good!

I felt his penis swelling in me. There was nothing I could do. I knew he was about to 
burst inside me. He was seconds from pouring his seed into me and despite my best 
efforts to the contrary, my body was doing everything it possibly could to urge him on. 
Ah! Ah! Im about to cum in you! Get ready! he cried. And then I felt the massive 
pulse in his penis meaning he had just fired the first burst of his hot semen into my 
waiting womb when I heard him cry out, Ah-h-h! Im cumming! And then I felt his 
cock pulsing steadily inside me as he grunted his pleasure, Unh! Unh! Unh! Each pulse 
another jet of semen straight from his balls and right onto my cervix. Soon I felt the 
spreading warmth inside me as he continued to pump more into me. Finally he relaxed. 
Oh my god! I had a full load of cum deep inside my completely unprotected pussy! The 
sex maniac in my body was cooing and stroking her (my) hands all over his body. He was 
gasping, panting, dripping sweat on me. I could feel our juices running down the crack of 
my ass.

I finally managed enough control to look around. To my surprise, no one was really 
paying any attention to us. Everyone else was either busy fucking or relaxing together 
having just finished.

The Dilemma

Shortly after the mass mating, whatever had inspired us started to wear off. We began to 
recover control of our bodies and as soon as we could, quickly grabbed for clothes and 
put them on. Now what? We all sat around at a loss, looking and feeling guilty. What do 
you say after something like that? After completely losing control and acting like a bunch 
of animals in heat? I was so embarrassed acting like such a wanton slut. It didnt matter 
that everyone else had done the same. I didnt want to look at them or be looked at. But 
we were all still here on the beach, shipwrecked. Finally one of the men cleared his throat, 
and spoke rather tentatively, Look, I dont know about the rest of you. This is really 
awkward, but we are still here and we have to go on. We are normally taught to take 
responsibility for our actions, but try as I might, I had no control over my body. And I 
presume none of the rest of you did either. I dont know what happened, but I think we 
have to acknowledge it happened, it wasnt anyones fault or desire. So what do we do 
now? Anyone have any suggestions about what happened?

That started the discussion. Slowly at first, hesitantly, but picking up steam. We all 
recognized that it was probably an effect of the fruit. But that raised a very troublesome 
issue. The fruit was the only thing we had to eat. If it was really the fruit, then every time 
we ate, we would turn into uncontrolled sex maniacs. If we didnt eat, we would starve. 
One woman said she thought she would rather starve. But then we wondered whether the 
men would be able to control themselves under the influence of the fruit, or if theyd just 
rape her? The first time, we all ate the fruit, so everyone went wild. She finally decided it 
was probably better to eat the fruit and participate voluntarily than to not eat, be 
hungry, and likely be raped.

To make matters worse, at this point none of us women were really on birth control of any 
sort. The women on the pill had not brought theirs with them for a day trip, and those 
of us using diaphragms or condoms hadnt brought them either. And I had a strong 
suspicion that the sex maniac in me would have gleefully removed my diaphragm even if 
I had inserted it before eating the fruit.

A few hours later, with much trepidation, we all sat down to a meal of the fruit. Sure 
enough, I felt the tingling start again in my pussy. We all basically just said, Uh-oh. Here 
we go again! And did we ever! Our clothes were soon off, we paired up with different 
partners, and were soon all fucking furiously on the beach.

It is has now been several days since we first ate the fruit. We are eating it twice a day, 
knowing each time what is coming. So my unprotected pussy is getting filled with fresh 
sperm twice a day, as are most of the other women. It will be a miracle if we are not all 
pregnant within a week. And to make matters worse, I am beginning to find that I crave 
the fruit and want to snack on it all the time. I have resisted the temptation, but I fear it 
may be addictive, and that once we give in, we will be in a constant state of sexual mania.

I am writing this while I still can. I hope if we are ever rescued and the rescuers find us 
completely out of control, unable to do anything but eat and fuck, that they will find this 
and understand what has happened to us.

