The Family Secret
by Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Continued from Chapter 3
	
       Chapter Four

	Inside the house, Reeves looked down at his little sister, at the girl who had become quite sexy and mature in the years that he had been away from the home.

	He had remembered Tammy Sue only as a snotty-nosed little girl, but now she was a true and sexy woman. She looked very good as she sat there on the couch in her robe and cried into her hands.

	Melba looked at Tammy Sue too. She knew that her daughter was crying because Moses had been killed, but she found it strange that her other daughter, Moses's wife, was not crying. In fact, she was sitting next to Tammy Sue and trying to comfort the weeping blonde.

	Ann looked up at her mother and tried to explain to the woman.

	"She loved Moses," she said softly. "They were fucking."

	Ann did not speak with anger or even sorrow in her voice. Her tone was flat, as if she were talking about a dog that had been run over the road, a dog that she had never really liked all.  He had her arm around Tammy Sue, but she spent most of the time looking at her brother, at Reeves. The blonde outlaw stood over her and grinned. He knew that he had won his sister back.

	But Ann did not really interest Reeves that much at the moment.

	He was looking at his other sister, at this sexy blonde who had only been a little girl when he had gone away. He turned to Timmy and he spoke to the mute.

	"Give the gun to Jill," he said. "She will make sure that Momma and Ann stay here. We are going somewhere with Tammy Sue."

	Timmy handed the gun to the crazy girl. Reeves smiled at him to let him know that everything was all right. He really did not have to hold a gun on the two older females at all. Both his mother and his sister were already under his power. They would not leave this house, and they all knew it. But Tammy Sue was a different matter. She was not in his control yet. Reeves wanted to change that, and he could think of only one way to remedy the situation and put Tammy Sue in his realm. He would have to fuck her.

	Better yet, he suddenly thought. He would let Timmy fuck her. It would be good for both of them, and he was sure that Timmy would fuck the little blonde. He had been looking at her since they had first arrived at the house.

	But the little blonde was still weeping. Reeves had to reach down and grab her arm and drag her to her feet.

	"Come on, little sister," he said. "We are going to go to the barn."

	Ann stared at her blonde, stud brother. She could not let this happen. She could not let Reeves fuck Tammy Sue. Her husband had fucked Tammy Sue, and Ann sensed that she would have lost Moses to that little blonde if her brother had not killed the man. She did not want to take the chance of losing Reeves to the girl too.

	The older sister jumped up.

	"She is just a teen-ager," she muttered.

	"Take me to the barn instead, Reeves. I will do it good for you."

	Reeves grinned. He understood that Ann was not trying to sacrifice herself. He knew that she wanted to fuck him, and he knew that that yearning controlled her mind. Reeves put his hand on his sister's face and spoke to her in a hiss.

	"Don't worry, Ann," he said. "I will get to you in good time. We will recapture our youth."

	Then Reeves glanced at his mother.

	"And I will get to you too, but Tammy Sue comes first."

	Then Melba understood a great deal. She knew that her son meant to fuck her and both of her daughters-his sisters. She knew too that something had happened between Ann and Reeves, something many years ago, something that had changed Ann so much that she was not even sorry to see her husband die if she could fuck her brother-again. Melba knew it then. Reeves and Ann had fucked before.

	Melba did not know to react to that news, that her daughter and her son had fucked each other ten years before. She had always known that Reeves was more than a little crazy. And she suddenly understood what had made Ann so cold and strange around men. She had been in love with her older brother all of these years. She was in love with Reeves and Tammy Sue was in love with Moses. There was something very wrong with her family, and Melba thought that she was the center of the wrong, the core of the family that was rotten. Again, she hoped that her son would kill her and get rid of her terrible core. Then, she hoped, her daughters would be able to live normal lives. If she were gone, they would be normal and happy, or, at least, they would have a chance for happiness.

	But Reeves would not kill her yet. He wanted to fuck her blonde, young daughter first.

	As Tammy Sue sobbed, Reeves dragged her toward the back door. Timmy followed them, grinning and moving quickly, like a boy at play. The little blonde was surprised that neither her mother or her sister tried to stop what was happening to her, tried to save her from this fate. Ann had offered herself in Tammy Sue's place, but the blonde had seen her sister do that and she knew that Ann did it not to save her sister but to have some fun herself. Tammy Sue looked at Reeves through her tears and saw that her brother was very handsome. There was something in him too, something strong and powerful that Ann had not been able to resist, that Ann had dreamed about for years. Tammy Sue knew that, when the fucking started, she would not be able to resist either. But she kept thinking about Moses, the man who lay there on the porch dead and cold. She kept thinking about his lifeless dolphin, and she hated her brothers. They had killed that man in cold blood and he did not even want to harm them. Tammy Sue knew that Moses had only wanted to talk to Reeves, to try to understand the blonde stud, and to bask in the glory of the famous member of the Garrett family.

	But they had shot Moses and killed him because he had had the foolishness in his mind to marry Ann. Reeves had killed him because he did not want his sister to be anyone's wife. He wanted Ann all to himself and now he had her that way. But he wanted Tammy Sue to himself too. That is what the blonde thought as they dragged her across the back yard and to the barn.

	She would not be able to resist them. Tammy Sue knew that. But she would always hate them, hate her brothers, for what they had done to the man that she loved.

	Timmy ran ahead of his brother and his sister and opened the barn door for them, Reeves could tell that his murderous little brother was anxious to get Tammy Sue into that barn. He wanted to fuck her. Reeves grinned. It would be good for Timmy to fuck this little blonde, he thought. Reeves did not think that his brother had ever fucked a girl before and he wondered for a moment when Timmy would be so anxious to get his pecker into this pussy. But he knew that he would never be able to figure Timmy out. The mute boy was still an enigma to his brother.

	Reeves would just have accept the fact that Timmy wanted to fuck, wanted to run his cock into this blonde's cunt, even though she was his little sister. Reeves accepted that and knew that it was very important to Timmy. The blonde outlaw would not be able to deny his brother. He needed Timmy with him always. He was such a fucking good shot, Reeves thought. He remembered the times that Timmy's expert use of a gun had saved his life, and he knew that he owed his little brother this.

	When they were in the barn, Timmy shut the door behind them and turned to look at the blonde who stood there in Reeves' grasp.

	She sure did look pretty, the mute boy thought, and it was not at all like she was his sister. Although he knew that she was his sister, Timmy barely remembered the girl, and he certainly did not remember her as the sexy thing that she was at that moment. He wanted her because she was his sister and he wanted her because she did not seem like his sister.

	This was the chance that he had been waiting for all of his life. Reeves had started by-fucking his sister and Timmy wanted to start in the same way. It had been the mute boy's dream to follow in his brother's path, to fuck a sister and fuck her well.

	And now Tammy Sue was standing before him weeping the last few tears from her system and Reeves was smiling at him. 

	"She is all yours, Timmy," the older brother said.

	The mute, boy grinned and walked toward the little blonde. He untied the cord that held her robe closed and he opened it with his hands. She was naked under that robe and she looked so fucking good. Those tits were full and girlish and heaving now as she sobbed. Timmy moved close to his little sister and pushed the robe off her shoulders.

	Tammy Sue let the thing fall off her and she stood there naked with one brother behind her and the other brother, the one who had actually killed Moses, standing in front of her. Timmy was very close and his breath was cold on her face. She closed her eyes for a moment and she tried to stop crying. She would have to give into her brothers. She knew that. She knew that she did not have the will to resist Reeves' will. She knew that there was no way in hell that she would be able to stop this fucking from happening. And, in her heart, the little blonde knew that she wanted this fucking to happen. She wanted it just as much as her brothers did. She would have to stop crying and admit that to herself.

	As she stood there with her eyes closed, she had one of her girlish fantasies, one of the things that had made the fucking so good with Moses. She tried to hold onto this one because she knew that it would make the fucking better with her brothers and, as she tried to formulate the dreamy idea in her head, she heard her brother speak.

	Reeves talked to his little brother as he put his arms around his little sister and felt her tits.

	"That idiot on the front porch fucked this little girl," he said, "and now he is just a cold piece of meat. That piece of meat won't do her a bit of good any more, Timmy. You have to give her a new piece of meat."

	The dark boy opened his mouth and laughed, but no sound came out. Tammy Sue saw him laughing as she opened her eyes and she heard her other brother laughing behind her.

	Then the idea came to her. A cold piece of meat. Reeves was right. That was what Moses was at this time. He was just a cold piece of meat and he deserved a decent burial. She thought of herself as his grave and she yearned to bury Moses inside of her.

	Reeves took his hands off the girl's tits and stepped away from her. Timmy put his hands there and squeezed her tits and grinned at her. His hands were firm on her tits, firm and manly, and Tammy Sue thought that it was strange that such a murderous little boy could be so manly. She did not think of Timmy as a man at all. He was just a child and a murderer. He was so small. He was not even as tall as she was.

	But who the fuck was she to judge manhood? That question came to her quickly and she blushed when she thought about that question. She was just a grave, an open grave waiting for a cold piece of meat.

	There it was!

	The fantasy had formulated in her head and she knew that she could fuck and suck now with relish because the fantasy was a new one and an interesting one. It included Moses too, and she liked that. She stood there and let Timmy squeeze her tits and she sighed as the fantasy took over her brain.

	"Kiss her, Timmy," Reeves ordered.

	The dark boy moved his face close to his little sister's. This was going to be good, he thought, because this sexy, little blonde was his sister, was the girl who had come from the same womb that he had come from. He remembered her then as a little girl running around the house in a pair of little shorts. She was better now, he thought, and she was not even wearing shorts. She was wearing nothing, standing there naked for her brother, the boy who was going to be her love.

	Timmy put his lips on Tammy Sue's and pressed hard. The girl reached for him, put her hands on the back of his head and opened her mouth. He opened his mouth too and moved his tongue into her. Reeves had told him about this, about how much girls liked it when you kissed them like this, and Timmy reminded himself that he wanted to be just like Reeves at this moment. He wanted to control and thrill this sister as Reeves had controlled and thrilled the other sister, the older girl who had started Reeves on his road to studsmanship.

	After this was over, Timmy thought, he would take on the world. No woman would be able to resist his non-speaking power.

	"Get your clothes off too, Timmy," Reeves suggested.

	The boy pulled out of his blonde sister's grasp and looked at his brother. Then he looked again at his little sister and he seemed confused. Reeves knew what he was worried about.

	"Don't worry," he said with a smile. "She will wait for you, Timmy."

	"Yes," the girl muttered, "I will wait."

	And open grave waits for all mankind, she thought, but she did not put that thought into words for her brothers. She did not want Reeves and Timmy to think that she was crazy.

	Assured by his brother that his little sister would wait for him to undress, Timmy started to unbutton his shirt. Reeves had told him the story about the first time with Ann. His brother had been lucky, Timmy thought as he fumbled nervously with his buttons. Reeves was already naked when his sister came into his bedroom and caught him jacking off. He did not have to take off his clothes when he was nervous and a little frightened that the girl would run away from him.

	Tammy Sue saw her brother's troubles and she moved close to him and brushed his hands out of her way. Then she started to unbutton his shirt. Her hands were quick and sure and experienced. After every button was open, she would glance at his thin, dark chest and then she would kiss him softly on the mouth. In no time, she was pushing the shirt back off his thin shoulders and looking for tattoos on her brother's arms. There was none there. He didn't have an dolphin or anything like that to make her proud of being an American. :

	Then Tammy Sue reached for her brother's jeans. She had given up her will to his because she knew that she would enjoy this fucking now. She had given up and she had begun to think of herself as earth, earth that was made to hold a cold piece of meat. She wanted the meat in her because she wanted to be reminded of Moses, the man that she loved, the cold piece of meat who still lay unburied on the front porch of the house. She wanted to bury Moses in her and she would do it in her mind with Timmy's help.

	When Tammy Sue had loosened her brother's jeans, she pressed them down with her girlish hands and reached inside his shorts and pulled out his cock. It was long and meaty, just like Moses's cock. When the blonde girl saw that prick and felt it, she smiled. The thin, little boy had such a big cock, such a man's cock. She thought again of Moses and she knew that he had always liked it when she sucked his cock.

	The naked, little blonde fell on her knees there in the barn and lifted Timmy's heavy tool and put her lips on the pink tip of that thing and kissed it softly.

	"Wow!" Reeves yelled, as he watched this action from his spot in the barn. He had sat down on a stool and he was taking in the whole scene. He knew that Tammy Sue would not be able to resist Timmy and him now. She was going to suck her dark brother's cock but the blonde brother knew that she was under his control too. He would not have to worry about this sister running away and getting the law either.

	Tammy Sue opened her little mouth and took the cock into her and started to suck on it. Timmy looked at his brother and grinned when she did that. It felt good, very good.

	Her girlish mouth was warm and sisterly, he thought, so sisterly that it thrilled him in his heart. He could feel his cock getting harder and heavier and straighter as she worked on that tool and he grinned at his brother to let Reeves know that he enjoyed this sucking, to let Reeves know that Timmy was following in the path that Reeves had set with Ann so many years before.

	As the little blonde sucked on the cock, she thought of the man she loved, the cold piece of meat, and she linked the dead Moses with the piece of meat that she tasted at that second. She was sucking Timmy's cock but it was very much like her lover's cock and she thought of herself as the grave, burying and warming the meat of Moses Turner.

	As she sucked the cock, she moved her finger down into her little pussy and started to work on herself, to turn the ground over and dig the grave and prepare for the final and ultimate burial of Moses Turner, of the cold piece of meat. Her cunt was juice-filled and she thought of it as the ground, the wet ground after a good summer rain. The digging was easy because the ground was so soft. She knew that she would have the grave ready for the cold piece of meat in no time at all.

	"Is that good, Timmy?" Reeves asked.

	The mute boy grinned and nodded his head as his sister worked on his cock some more, as she sucked it and moved her head back and forth. Her mouth was tight around his prick, tight and warm and filled with solid strength. Timmy knew that Reeves must have felt something like this when Ann had fucked him for that first time.

	Had Ann sucked on Reeves' cock? Timmy could not remember if that had been part of the story or not, but he hoped that she had sucked his brother's cock and made it feel so warm and big and good and powerful. Reeves deserved such treatment, the mute brother thought. He deserved such feelings.

	Tammy Sue knew when her dark brother was ready. She had sucked enough cocks to know when a man was hard enough to fuck. When she felt that special hardness and readiness in Timmy, she moved back from the piece of meat and lay down on her back and ran her finger over her clit. She wanted him to fuck her. She saw the rod standing straight out from her brother's body and she wanted that dick buried, buried in her lusty, juice-filled grave. Her grave would be very soft for his meat and it would warm him and keep him for all time.

	"Fuck her, Timmy," Reeves said, coaxing his little brother on. "Fuck her. Get down there and ram that old brother-meat to her,"

	Reeves' words made Timmy grin. Yes, the mute boy thought, this was brother-meat. He ran his fingers over the stiff, wet cock that Tammy Sue had made with her mouth. This was special meat for the girl, Timmy thought, because this was brother-meat.

	The dark boy fell on his knees and moved between his sister's opened legs. Tammy Sue raised her hips high on her hands and spoke to her brother in a hoarse whisper.

	"Bury that brother-meat in me. Bury it in me and let me get it warm."

	Timmy aimed his cock at her opened pussy and took a deep breath and jabbed into his little, blonde sister, the girl who was starting his life for him as Ann had started Reeves' life. He went in deeply with that first thrust and the girl sighed and tensed her body for a second as she accepted that cold piece 'of meat and thought about Moses. ;

	"Bury it!" she cried.

	Timmy grinned at his brother with pride and shoved the rest of the meaty thing into her. The girl sighed and bucked against his cock and then she loosened her pussy and Timmy started to fuck her, to move his prick in and out of her warm, wet hole.

	Tammy Sue grabbed her tits and thought about Moses. She was giving the cold meat a decent burial and she knew that she would bury him again, many times. From this moment each on, each time she fucked she would think of Moses and bury him when she buried the meat in her. She was a grave and she welcomed Moses into her, where she would keep him for all eternity.

	Reeves watched all of this. He viewed his brother's steady, manly fucking, and he smiled. He knew that Timmy had been changed by this fucking, that he would be different when he got up from his first bout with a girl's pussy. He looked at Tammy Sue. She was obviously enjoying this too.

	The blonde outlaw felt proud. He had brought these two members of his family together in a special way.

	After this fucking was over, Reeves thought, both Timmy and Tammy Sue would leave the barn with a new light in their eyes. And he would leave the barn too, knowing that he had changed both of his young siblings.

	And then, before the day was over, he would have to deal with his mother. He would deal with her and make her pay for the things that she had done to him.

	And he would deal with Ann too.

	He decided that Ann would come next. He would make his mother wait for her special ordeal, the one that was already forming in his brain.

	Reeves grinned and watched his brother fuck his little sister and knew that things were going to work out just fine for the whole family.

	
	To Be Continued






1






