TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAY 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, MF, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

I call myself the Collector.  I live in Phantomville.  You readers know of this little town through the author C.D.E.

	And in this very interesting city, I find out things.  I listen for information.  I capture and collect facts and tidbits of knowledge of all sorts.

	I have been a cable guy, a pool guy, a home repairman, you name it, I've been all those things.  That's how I've gotten into many homes and businesses. It really has helped me with my information voyeurism collection.

	What you are about to read is a story I've pieced together from bits and pieces of data and gossip and eavesdropping I've gathered from listening and video bugs I've placed all over my fair city.  Yes, you see I see and hear many things through the marvels of electronics.

	For this tale you are about to read, I have enlisted the aid of C.D.E. to put the final touches on this intriguing tale and to bring it to your attention.  For I wish to remain in the background and do what I do best.  That is, to remain anonymous so as to feed my little voyeuristic hobby.  Who knows what future tales might result from me, the Collector.


Phantomville Collector: Vol 5:  The Story of Kent and Karen
By CDE & The Phantomville Collector

CAST:
Kent - Husband
Karen - Wife
Dr. Judy - Relationship Counselor


	"Y-You saw t-the video?"

	"Yes Kent, darling, I thought it was well shot for it be done by hidden cameras.  You looked so relaxed handling and taking care of all their big hard dicks.  I'm proud of you honey."

	"I-I-I wasn't relaxed.  T-They made me-me do a-all that..."

	"You can say what you want Kent, but it looks like you were having a ball with all those dicks being shoved in you.  It's okay for you to like being dicked honey."

	"B-B-But Karen, y-you're my wife.  Y-You s-should b-be appalled t-that t-they m-made me do all t-those d-despicable d-degrading..."

	"Kent, to me it looks as there was nothing you did, was something that you didn't want to happen.  Face it honey, you did a great job of getting gang banged by 6 horny men and you really appeared to love it.  Your face showed just how good it felt to you."

	"O-Oh Karen, I-I couldn't stop them w-when your father g-got me alone with them.  It-It's his fault.  H-He surrendered me to them.  I-I tried to-to resist them, b-but..."

	"So you're blaming dad again because you're a wimp and a mama's boy that lets himself be treated as a bitch boy toy sissy slut."

	"P-Please K-Karen, y-you k-know I-I'm not strong e-enough to-to fight them off.  A-Anyway it-it's all because your dad.  If-If he h-hadn't made me a-a c-cocksucker... none of this w-would've happened."

	"kent dear, sure daddy broke you into sucking his dick and fucking you too.  And yes, he and Dr. Judy tricked you into getting your ass stretched to be dicked.  But if nothing else, you should be thankful they did it to make sure you didn't get injured from being fucked.  And you should be grateful that the group fucked you so thoroughly.  On the video you looked absolutely mellow and contented after the last man pulled out after he got his nut in your ass-pussy.

	"Besides, dad says he's fucked you before and you seemed to love being a bitch for his dick.  But now he has a video to prove it.  We must let your mom and..."

	"N-NO!  P-Please! K-karen p-please, n-not that.  Y-You've got to-to stop your d-dad from f-forcing me to b-be h-his s-sex toy.  O-Okay I-I admit, I-I've been having in-intercourse w-with him s-several times s-since h-he and Dr. Jones tricked m-me into t-that stretching therapy.  Y-Your dad is-is so strong a-and I-I h-had to do what he t-told me to-to do.

	"I-I got my-myself ready t-that night... L-Like he ordered me-me too."

	"You mean you douched your ass-cunt for his dick, right?"

	"SIGH!  Y-Yes I-I did.  He showed up a-and we had o-our usual round of s-sex."

	"What does that mean?"

	"SIGH!  H-He h-had me s-suck him o-off first a-and swallow his f-first load.  T-Then n-next h-he had me keep s-suckling a-and m-milking his p-penis until it became swollen a-again.  T-That's when he h-had me guide it-it in-into... Well in-in my rear a-and l-let him u-use me.  K-Karen, b-believe me I-I had n-no idea h-he had hidden cameras in-in the room or-or that t-there were s-six other men waiting outside t-that he promised to-to share me with."

	"It really doesn't matter now, does it Kent darling.  The important thing is that you did please the horny men, and you enjoyed it too. Your little hard-on was very clearly seen in the video. Hee! Hee!"

	"T-That was j-just a-a kind of r-reflex a-action... a-and it's not funny. B-But Karen, t-this can't go on.  Y-Your dad c-can't just impose himself on-on me a-and make me-me..."

	"Kent sweetie, dad has needs too.  Remember what Dr. Judy told you about not considering the needs of others and your being outright selfish?"

	"B-B-But..."

	"No buts about it Kent, you're not being considerate now about dad's needs to use you, or share you with his buddies.  I applaud you for confessing that you willingly sucked his dick and put out for his hard dick. So the only thing you have to open up and admit is that you are being unreasonable and selfish about complaining about servicing his horny buddies, when you know you liked that they soundly fucked you in your mouth and ass.

	"Why in the video, you looked so cute and quite contented in one scene when there was a nice sized dick buried to the hilt in your ass, another deep in your throat, and all the while, you were caressing the big hairy balls of a third man, and stroking the very swollen dick of a fourth man.  No Kent, you did what needed to be done.  So now you just have to admit to yourself, that you did the right thing and will do so again when asked.  By the way honey, how many loads did you get out of those men's dicks?"

	"SIGH! L-Lets see, everybody got off twice a-and I believe 3 of them got off 3 times, so it was 17 loads.  I-I remember swallowing 8 loads."

	"You have to admit, you handled the group quite well for your first gang bang. I know you made them feel good Kent.  Well, you could hear their compliments to you on the video.  But go on, you were about to say.

	"SIGH! O-Oh Karen, y-you're taking this a-all so lightly a-and also twisting things a-around.  Y-You know t-they're going to p-pull another train on-on me whenever they want to now.  W-With the video, I-I'm not going to have a choice.  P-Please Karen, y-you're my wife.  P-Please s-stop your dad from taking advantage of me."

	"Sweetie, do you love me?"

	"Oh Karen y-you know I-I do"

	"You're a good hubby, and you always do as I ask when I want you to suck my pussy when my real men fuck me, don't you?"

	"Y-Yes dear, y-you know I do t-that for you."

	"And I thoroughly appreciate it darling.  And like Dr. Judy told you, sex is varied and diverse. Remember?"

	"SIGH!  Yes."

	"So your cleaning up other better men's spend the way you do, doesn't make you any less of a husband, even if it's not what a real man would do.  I don't require a real man for a hubby, as you already know.  You are the kind of husband I need. And what you do for me - that is, being a willing cuckold, and stay out of the way of my real men, stay in the background, and do as you're told - is the way you satisfy and please me. Understand darling?"

	"Oh Karen, Y-You know I-I always do as you ask me too.  I-I know I-I can't give you what your l-lovers can do for you."

	"But you make up for it by being yourself and the wonderful wussy you are, right?"

	"SIGH!  Y-yes dear."

	"Then darling, why all the fuss if dad wants you to do some similar things?  You know, to make you his wussy too?  It's all in the family sweetie."

	"Y-You make it-it all sound so-so simple Karen.  I-I d-do respect your dad, a-and maybe I-I do owe him sex if-if he d-desires t-that of me.  That's what Dr. Judy told me.  B-But I-I'm just having a difficult time w-with him s-sharing me w-with his friends."

	"Why darling?  If you like his dick, you're sure to like other men's dicks."

	"O-Oh Karen, I-I didn't say I-I liked h-his cock.  I-I guess the right word is-is that I-I've been forced to become a-accustomed to it."

	"Okay, have it your way, but either way, you have become accustomed to other men's dicks.  I guess you can call it dicks diversity. And by the way Kent, it would please me for you to offer yourself to my real men too.  They might want to spend some time with you when their dicks are hard and I'm not around to appease their lust, and a substitute pussy would do fine.  Or they just want to try out a boy toy for kicks.  Either way, I want you to be there for them.  I'm telling them tomorrow that you suck and are fuckable."

	"O-Oh K-Karen, I-I guess I-I should've expected that."

	"Yes you should, especially since you've eaten so much of their semen."

	"SIGH!  I-I can s-see that I-I'm just not going to get my point a-across to you.  I-I guess t-there's not much I can do e-except be at the mercy of your dad and his horny buddies, a-and now your men friends too."

	"Honey, stop sounding so fatalistic.  You know you've enjoyed all the hard dicks you've been made to take.  And speaking of more dicks for you, dad mentioned that you would make a great fag cock whore."

	"W-What!  A cock whore?"

	" He told me last night that he thinks that with your cocksucking skills, and that cute girlish ass, you could earn plenty and quit your third job and maybe even the second one too."

	"I-I can't b-believe h-he would b-be that low to-to sell me like s-some gutter..."

	"Be careful Kent, don't let your mouth get you in trouble again.  When was the last time I spanked you?  Do I need to blister your bottom to remind you to show respect to him?"

	"I-I'm s-sorry Karen.  I-I didn't mean to-to  be disrespectful.  And, SIGH!  I-I know your dad means well.  He's always telling me that what he does is-is really q-quality time between he and I.  A-And that it-it's also a-a type of bonding.  B-But Karen, p-please.  I-I know you can s-see the difficulty I-I'm having w-with all this h-happening so suddenly to me."

	"Okay Kent darling, I'll concede that you're easily upset at some minor things that are bound to occur in a loving relationship.  A good example was when you found out during our engagement some years ago that you were eating my men friend's jism when I had you sucking my drippy pussy.  However, once we discussed it and then re-discussed it several time with our parents and Dr. Judy, our relationship counselor.  You saw that it was best for our relationship that you accept other men, real men, in our relationship and marriage, and adapt to the role of a willing cum sucking cuckold.

	"Another example, or I should say examples are our four kids.  You raised a bit of a fuss each time I got pregnant from a different man.  But again, you accepted and adapted, and each time settled into being the loving caring doting daddy.  Darling, you really raise and provide for other men's babies well.  You should be very proud of being such a good parent and provider.  And That's all dad is stressing here, helping you to stay being a good provider by renting you out to other men for sex."

	"SIGH! I-I wish t-things were different.  B-But, I-I guess I-I'll have to accept a-and adapt to being a cock whore now, s-since it looks like he a-and you have made up your minds."

	"Honey,  that's the spirit.  And becoming a whore is more a state of mind than anything else.  You're going to find out anyway, but you've already whored you out, since he made money off you from the six dudes who had you on the video."

	"I-I should've known.  SIGH! I-I'm already a fag cock whore a-and didn't know it."

	"And sweetie, dad will be giving me your share of the profits directly, so you won't have to be bothered with such details and the money aspect of being a whore.  he just wants you to focus on pleasing the customers' dicks.  Isn't that nice of him?"	

	"I-I guess it is."

	"Of course it is darling.  Well Kent, it's time for you to get off to your second job.  Here, I've already packed your lunch.  I'll call dad and see when he'll be ready for you to start working for him.  The sooner you can quit these other part time jobs, and focus on pleasing dicks for profit, I'm sure you'll be happier."

	"SIGH!  O-Okay Karen, if you say so."

	"I do darling. Have a good night.  See you in the morning."

	"Goodnight dear."



COLLECTOR'S EPILOGUE:  That concludes another Collector's collected conversation.  Be on the look out for future captured intimate discussions from Phantomville.

#END#
	


	

	





	 