THE ORPHANS HOME: EQUIPMENT,SERVICE AND OPERATIONS MANUAL

BY PICKUP MAN

Part 4

PLEASE READ:This story is FICTION and only FICTION.Nothing in it
is true or real.IT IS NOT REAL.So this means DO NOT DO ANY OF
THIS STUFF.If you cannot understand the difference between
fiction and reality then STOP AND GO AWAY.

Anal & Vaginal Tools And Equipment Electro Shock Unit And Vacuum
Pump:This unit consists of a Main Control Board with adjustable
switches to adjust the amount of voltage discharge and inches of
vacuum and duration through its multi plug in connectors. The
onboard computer allows this unit to be programmed to any number
of settings which allow intermittent shocks or constant voltage
to any or all of the attachments plugged in to it. The onboard
allows the Electro Shock and Vacuum functions to be used
separately or in conjunction with each other. The unit is also
equipped with a hand held remote control unit.

ATTACHMENTS:This unit will operate any of the following
attachments supplied with the unit. ANAL AND VAGINAL ELECTRO
SHOCK PLUGS: 1 inch,2 inch and 3 inch Diameter plugs. 4 inch long
6 inch long 8 inch long 10 inch long 12 inch long CAUTION:When
using any of these plugs while fucking the little girl or little
boy you will need to wear a condom to avoid receiving a
electrical shock when the Electro Shock unit activates.

Expandable Electro Shock Penis Suction Tubes

These tubes are made of a soft clear see through expandable
plastic which will allow them to expand from  inch diameter up
to 3 inches and to any length according to the amount of suction
applied.The clear see through feature allows the victims penis to
be viewed as it is sucked up into the tube until the head
contacts the small metal Electro Shock plate in the end of the
tube which causes a preset amount of voltage to enter the victims
penis.NOTE:By adding a small amount of liquid or pre cum to the
head of the young boys penis you will be rewarded with a view of
the electrical arc as it enters his cock head.

Electro Shock Breast Cups And Clitoris Suction Tubes

These breast cups are clear see through and come in a number of
sizes to fit a wide range of breasts from very small to full
size.These breast cups work in the same manor as the penis tubes
with Electro Shock contactors in the ends of them.NOTE:Special
breast cups and clitoris tubes are also supplied with the
unit.These have a small steel spring attached on one end to a
metal contact plate in the end of the cup or tube very close to
the other contactor and the other end attached to a small metal
alligator clip.This allows the little girls breast and clitoris
to be sucked painfully up into the cup and tube and give a view
of the electrical arc as the two plates contact each other and
sends a mind numbing charge of electricity into her nipples and
clit.

CAUTION: Care should be taken to avoid electrical shock to your
tongue or cock while using them on the little girls mouth or
other orifices while the Electro Shock unit is engaged.

Electro Shock Catheters And Speculums

These are also supplied with this unit. These devices may be used
by themselves or in conjunction with other attachments supplied
with the unit. FEMALE APPLICATION: (NOTE)As with all attachments
with this unit it is recommended that your little girl be tightly
bound to prevent excess movement or them trying to run away when
Electro Shock is applied.

CATHETERS: With the young girl securely bound and her anal or
vaginal opening readily available the catheter may be inserted in
her anal opening,vagina or a combination of both.

ANAL INSERTIONT: This is very easy to do ,it just involves using
a little of the contact gel supplied with the unit into her anal
opening.This gel will aid in the insertion for deep penetration
and also increase electrical contact inside her when Elector
Shock is applied. As this is a very painful shock to the little
girls sensitive anal canal it is very important she be securely
bound.NOTE: This operation is the same when applied on a little
boy.And again we caution that a condom should be used while using
the mouth or vagina of the little boy while performing this
procedure and applying the Electro Shock attachments.

Vaginal And Uterus Insertion

The little girls vagina offers two types of insertions, both
provide a painful time for her and much enjoyment to her
torturer. VAGINAL:Again it is very important for the little girl
to be bound securely with access to her vagina.Her vaginal
opening should be lubricated wit Electro Gel as the catheter is
only inserted into her vaginal opening and not into her
uterus.The 12 inch long catheter is just coiled up inside her
paying close attention to allow a part of it to contact her
clit,this provides maximum electrical shock to her sensitive
areas.

UTERUS:Again the little girl should be securely bound and her
vagina accessible and again her vaginal opening should be
lubricated with the Elector Shock gel as well as lube on the
catheter. The lube helps the insertion of the catheter all the
way into her uterus and the Electro Shock Gel insures the maximum
shock into her little pussy.

NOTE : It is recommended that all the procedures be listed above
be done with your little girl ungagged or with a O ring gag as to
allow access to her mouth or to enjoy all her screams.

Male Catheter Insertion

Again as with the little girls the little boys should be securely
bound with good access to his little cock.For this process the
little boys cock can be at an erection which will aid in the
insertion of the lubed catheter into his urethra.NOTE The young
boy should be blindfolded for this procedure as he will soon
loose his erection when you start forcing the catheter into his
little cock.The other method may have more appeal to the torturer
as this will allow the little boy watch the whole procedure,and
you will be able to observe the terror in his little face and
eyes and of course his screams.

CAUTION: Again we caution that care should be taken and a condom
should be worn to prevent receiving a shock while using the
little boys mouth or anal orifice while Electro Shock is being
applied to his cock.

Electro Shock Ball And Ultra Sound Cups

This unit is supplied with Electro Shock Ball Cups which may be
used in conjunction with all other devices supplied with this
unit.The little boys balls ore inserted into the adjustable metal
cup and secured with the attached elastic straps around his
waist.The Electro Shock Cup can be programmed to operate in
conjunction with of separately from the other attachments.

Ultra Sound Cups

These cups are much like the Electro Shock cups and are attached
to the little boy in the same way,again they may be used in
conjunction with the other Electro Shock attachments.These cups
produce a very high sound frequency that will not do perm ante
damage but will cause intense pain to the little boys nuts.And of
course produce many enjoyable screams from the young boy.

Ultra Sound Anal And Vaginal Dildos

These attachments work the same as the regular Electro Shock
dildos and but plugs.The greatest difference being that there is
no danger of electrical shock to the torturer who is free to use
all the little girls or little boys other orifices while applying
the Ultra Sound devices. Many hours of enjoyment can be enjoyed
by the torturer while applying these devices on little girls and
little boys with any permanent damage.

Violet Wand

This wand is powered both by the Electro Shock unit or by its
built in rechargeable batterys.The wand is used on the outside of
the little girls or little boys body.This devise is idea to apply
a small visible streak of electrical voltage to your little bound
child's private areas.The wand will provide hours of fun applying
it to little girls breast,pussies and assholes.

NOTE:This unit delivers only a small electrical charge to a local
area and is safe for the torturer to use the little girls or
little boys mouth,pussy ,ass hole or cock while using the Violet
Wand on other parts of their bound bodies.

