Author: mypenname3000
Title: Boarding School Encounter Chapter Eight: Miss Marilynn's Tentacles Molest the School
Summary: Nurse Paige uses Henrietta to demonstrate the latest breakthrough in medical technologythe vibrator!
Keywords: ff Ff alien tentacle teacher exhib anal oral toy

Copyright 2016

I think we can all agree that was a most stimulating lesson, Miss Erma, our Latin teacher, said to the class.

I nodded my head, my body still trembling after the orgy of flesh we had. My four tentacles had known every girl in the class, pumping in and out of their tight pussies and giving them such effervescent flutters of pleasure. But now we were all decently dressed again in our school uniformsdark-gray skirts, white blouses, camisole and petticoats beneath, stockings, and our heeled shoes. My blonde pigtails fell about my shoulders as I brushed my skirt, smoothing it.

It was most stimulating, agreed Peony, a black-haired girl who appeared to be a quiet soul until I had popped her cherry in the bath this morning. Then she stimulated herself to several orgasms watching me pleasure her classmates. I hope we will have many more.

Not as disruptive as this, I'm afraid, Miss Erma said, her voice stern even though color spotted her cheeks. As...educational as Miss Henrietta's tentacles were, I am here to instruct you in Latin. But, I am sure, in your free time Miss Henrietta will be more than thrilled to help each and every one of you with your hysterics.

I will, Miss Erma, I beamed. I am so glad you merged with me, Merita.

As am I, the alien possessing my body whispered in my mind. It was because of her that four purple tentacles could sprout from my pussy. Tentacles that were as sensitive as my clitoris or nipples, giving me such fluttering joy as I reamed them in and out of a girl's tight cunny or asshole. Or I would merely apply my tentacles to their body, stroking their breasts and thighs.

But we can't play tonight, remember, Merita whispered in my thoughts.

I nodded my head. One more class, and then we can go look for those missing nanites.

Merita was quite worried about the escaped nanites. I wasn't quite sure what they were except they were tiny, like little automatons, and they were the reason I was alive. I had broken my neck when I first encountered her crashed spaceship last night, carelessly loosing my balance and falling down a slope. Her nanites were repairing my injury even now. It was why Merita had to possessed me. Something about my immune system rejecting the little things.

I didn't understand how it worked. Her science was far beyond 1890s England. 

But she was worried what these nanites would do without her ship's computer, some sort of mechanical brain, giving them orders. They could change humans, doing far more than just repair an injury like they had for me.

We'll find them and set everything to right, promised Henrietta.

Tabitha, my new friend, took my hand. A huge smile played on her flushed, freckled cheeks, her red hair bouncing about her shoulders. Etta, that was so hot. I had so many orgasms watching you enjoy all the girls. I wish I had tentacles.

Oh, that would be amazing, I smiled. I wish I could give them to you.

Me, too, she said. Well, shall we go to our last class?

Right, that's... I struggled to remember our schedule, my sixteen-year-old body exhausted by all the sex. I wanted to sleep, but there was so much to do still today. 

Philosophy with Miss Marilynn Gully, Tabitha supplied. I know, sounds soooo boring. But we'll have fun afterward.

I shook my head. We have to find those missing nanites first.

We're skipping dinner? Tabitha's face fell.

Afraid so. But we have to keep them out of mischief.

Fine. Then a wicked smile crossed Tabitha's lips. Could you make a tentacle wiggle out of your cunny for me?

Why? I asked.

Her grin only grew. A wicked tingle ran through me. Effervescent flutters rippled out of my pussy. The tentacles writhed inside of me. They came out when I was excited, but I was gaining more and more control over them as the day passed.

Let me try, I told her, concentrating on only one. My forehead furrowed. Why am I doing this?

Tabitha leaned in and whispered, I want to walk to class with your tentacle in my cunny. And then, if we sit in the back and close together, I bet we can make Philosophy a lot more entertaining.

Oh, you are naughty, I sighed while my tentacles all rushed to the entrance of my pussy. I grit my teeth and stopped them, trying to focus on only one and wiggle it out of the crowd.

What's your next class? Peony asked, crowding about me with a few other girls, including Christine, Tansy, and Leonora who numbered among the first I pleasured with my tentacles during our wild orgy.

It's, uh... Sweat beaded on my forehead. All my tentacles wanted to burst out and play. Philosophy.

Oh, no, I have math with Miss Maurine, Peony sighed.

Ooh, I have philosophy next, Christine said, her raven-black hair tumbling in messy waves about her pale face. Wonderful.

Me, too, Leonora said. Her hair was a cinnamon color, red but not as fiery as Tabitha's. We can walk with you.

Wonderful, Tabitha said. How's your special task coming along, Etta?

Hard, I said, voice strained.

Is something wrong? Leonora asked as Peony and Tansy, the brunette, walked out of the classroom holding hands, heading to Miss Maurine's lessonI had her this morning.

No, nothing, I answered, and then a smile crossed my lips as only one of my tentacles wiggled out and thrust down my thighs. Ooh, yes, I think I have it, Tabitha.
Excellent.

What? Leonora asked, and Christine nodded her head.

Riddle I told her, Tabitha said as I sent my tentacle down my leg and out the side of my skirt. I shivered at the caress of skirt and petticoats as I plunged it beneath Tabitha's dress and brushed her stocking-clad calf. She smiled. It's a good one. And she's getting so good at solving them. I climbed the tentacle higher up her legs, brushing her bare thighs, reaching for cunny. Her voice grew higher pitch, matching the rise of my naughty appendage. And I am so happy for her and... Yes, so happy.

She shuddered as my tentacle plunged into her dripping cunny. Her hot pussy engulfed me. I sucked in a breath, my tentacle savoring her silky flesh. I wiggled it in as deep as possible, my tentacle at the extent of its range. Her pussy clenched and relaxed on my appendage as she shifted her hips, her cheeks burning bright.

Well, I think we're ready to go to class, Etta, Tabitha declared.

I do think you're right, I said, my voice breathy. Pleasure rippled down my tentacle.

This is so naughty, giggled Merita in my mind as Tabitha and I swept out of the classroom holding hands, flanked by Leonora and Christine.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Peony found it nice to hold Tansy's hand as they left Miss Erma's classroom behind. Today had changed the shy girl. She had been terrified of being sent off to boarding school in the middle of the English moor away from her family and her only friend, Clarissa the chambermaid. Peony did not like meeting new people. The entire train ride had left her shaking and petrified.

And then she had the shock of Nurse Paige's exam upon arrival. Pleasure Peony had never imagined shot through her sixteen-year-old body as she was examined by the naughty nurse. She gasped and trembled as her hysterics were cured with effervescent paroxysms exploding in the depths of her cunny.

It left her dazed, confused, and even more frightened.

And then she met Henrietta. The blonde had been so kind and comforting in the bath today, soothing her as an orgy of sapphic pleasure burst around them, the other girls living on their floor engaged in sapphic lusts. With soft kisses and gentle touches, Henrietta had lulled Peony into relaxing.

And then plucked her cherry with an amazing tentacle.

After the orgy in Miss Erma's class, Peony felt comfortable at the school. It was like she knew all the girls in the class. She had seen them all naked and writhing on Henrietta's amazing, purple tentacles. She gripped Tansy's hand tight, feeling a sisterly affection for the brunette. They had both shared something momentous today, uniting them.

Peony was only disheartened because she shared only two classes with Henrietta while Tabitha, the lucky redhead, appeared to share them all.

I wish I was on your floor, Tansy sighed. You get to bathe with Henrietta. And who is the lucky girl rooming with her?

Tabitha, Peony answered, so envious of the redhead.

Explains their closeness, giggled Tansy. They're like lovers. It would be scandalous anywhere but here. This is a magical place. Tansy's hand tightened on Peony's.

Her youthful cheeks blushed and her heart beat faster. Tansy was a beautiful girl, her blue eyes sparkling. Yes, it is.

The pair entered Miss Maurine's math class and took seats in the front. They had to let go of each other's hands as the teacherblack ringlets framing her face, brown eyes soft and friendlyarched an eyebrow. Other girls filed in, and Peony wondered how long before the entire school knew about Henrietta's tentacles.

She is about to become a very popular girl, Peony thought as a wicked flush rippled up her body from her tingling cunny. Flutters grew in her stomach, and she squirmed in her seat. 

She needed her hysterics cured.

Well, it is wonderful to meet you all, Miss Maurine said, clapping her hands together. And I hope you are all ready to dive into the complex world of mathematics. I expect you all remember how to do your sums and multiplication, because we will be applying those basic principals to open the world around us to your understanding. Math is the language with which God fashioned the world, and in the supposed chaos of nature marches unseen order. With the right equation, any event can be described, including the fluttering tingles that young women often develop in their nethers which make them squirm to a fro. Is there a problem, Miss...?

Peony, the shy girl blushed, realizing the teacher addressed her. No, no problem.

Just in need of your hysterics cured? The teacher's brown eyes twinkled. Well, we can't have you... 

Her words trailed off as a new group entered the classroom, led by a young woman in a stained dress. The others fanned out from her, including the stern headmistress of the school, a maid, Prefect Geneva, and several students. The group of eight all moved in unison, stopping and surveying the class. Flashes of metal caught Peony's eyes, drawing her gaze down to the floor where strange, cylindrical cords made of segmented silver rested on the stone and disappeared between the women's skirts. It was like they were all tethered together.

Headmistress? blinked Miss Maurine. What an unexpected surprise. And Miss Marilynn... Don't you have a class to teach?

Peony realized the woman with the disheveled dress was Miss Marilynn, the new teacher Peony had heard several of the students gossip about at lunch who had missed teaching all her morning classes. Did she get hurt? Is that why she wasn't teaching?

We are here to connect with you, the eight said in unison, their voices purring and sultry. Heat smoldered in their eyes.

Connect? frowned Miss Maurine. I don't... Oh, my!

From beneath the skirts of all eight women protruded a new segmented cord of metal. They rose from the women, wiggling and writhing before them, ending at round heads. The way they moved sent a wave of lust through Peony.

You have tentacles, too, gasped Peony as she hopped to her feet. That is amazing.

Yes, Tansy gasped. Are you here to cure our hysterics with those tentacles, Headmistress?

We are here to connect with you, the eight women said, their tentacles reaching. Peony, the closest student, gasped as the one from Miss Marilynn's skirt wrapped about her waist and pulled her close. 

Oh, you can connect with me, Peony moaned. My cunny is so in need of it.

Yes, Christine moaned, moving up beside Peony. She was seized by the maid's tentacle. We love to connect.

What is going on? another girl asked as she was seized by prefect Geneva's tentacle.

Just enjoy, Peony shuddered as the tentacle about her waist relaxed and slithered down her body. Feeling bold, Peony threw her arms around Miss Marilynn's neck, staring into the teacher's green eyes. Fiery hair fell about Peony's hands and the teacher's ample bosom pressed into the student's smaller mounds, separated by blouses and camisoles. 

Her nipples tingling with excitement, Peony kissed the teacher hard on the lips. In the background, other girls gasped in shock. Miss Maurine let out a squeal of bliss as the Headmistress rammed her tentacles into the teacher's juicy cunt. The other girls seized shuddered and writhed, gasping in bliss while the girls not chosen, backed away, pressing into the far wall.

Don't be afraid everyone, Tansy moaned beside Peony. Embrace it. Enjoy their tentacles.

Peony moaned her agreement as Miss Marilynn's arms hugged her back, squeezing the young girl's ass through her skirt, pulling her tight against the teacher. The metal tentacle pressed beneath Peony's skirt and petticoats, brushing up her stocking calves to bare thighs. The cold metal sent a rush through Peony as it slid higher and higher, making her squirm, her pussy getting juicier.

Her cunny clenched as the tentacle approached. And then she gasped into the teacher's lips as the cold metal kissed bare cunny. It slid back and forth, nudging Peony's clitoris. Electric sparks shot through the girl. Her body spasmed.

Yes, Peony gasped, breaking the kiss to snap her head back as the tentacle rammed into tender pussy. Oh, you are so wonderful, Miss Marilynn. Oh, yes. I love it. How ever did you get these?

Must connect, Miss Marilynn moaned. Must find the voice.

Uh-huh, Peony gasped, her hips undulating back and forth as the tentacle reamed in and out of her tight cunny. Oh, yes, you are connecting with me. Mmm, let my pussy warm up that cold tentacle. Oh, yes. Do you love it?

You are so warm, moaned Miss Marilynn. So hot. So perfect for connecting.

I am. Peony shuddered, her pussy clenching on the segmented metal. Her eyes rolled back in her head, adding her moans to the other six students and one teacher being fucked. Oh, yes, yes, it is so amazing. I love it. Fuck me faster, Miss Marilynn.

The redheaded teacher kissed Peony again, her hands squeezing. Peony moved her hands down to squeeze the teacher's breasts through her blouse. Beside her, Tansy had freed one of the maid's round tits, and had her mouth locked onto the nipple, sucking hard as the tentacle reamed in and out of her cunt.

What is going on? asked one of the watching girls.

I don't know, but it is exciting. Look at them all writhe.

Ooh, why couldn't I get grabbed? moaned another girl.

Yes, gushed a third.

Being watched only excited Peony. Another orgy with tentacles. How wonderful. Her cunny clenched on the segmented tentacle. The metal was ribbed, stroking her flesh in exciting ways that sent flutters through her and made it hard for her fingers to unlace the teacher's bodice and free her large breasts.

But Peony persevered. She opened the front of the gown, broke the kiss, and marveled at the large, soft breasts of the teacher. She groped the heavy tits with both hands, her fingers sinking into pillowy breasts. They were such large tits.

Oh, Miss Marilynn, these are wonderful.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned the teacher, her face contorting, the tentacle probing faster and faster in and out of Peony's cunny. Connection forming.

Peony leaned down and sucked on a fat nipple. She loved the feel of the teacher's nub between her lips. Her hands squeezed on the mounds as she swayed. The pleasure swelled in her pussy, churned by the amazing tentacle. Pleasure rippled through her, driving her closer and closer to her exploding orgasm.

The girl trembled and squirmed, the tentacle fucking her faster and faster. She loved how it felt plunging in and out of her, so different from the smooth texture of Henrietta's tentacles. As she sucked on the teacher's breast, she had no idea whose she liked more.

Both were wonderful.

Miss Marilynn's hands dug into Peony's ass, clenching hard, pulling her in tight and holding her close. She shuddered, her hips writhing, grinding herself against the teacher, her clitoris rubbing against her petticoat as she humped the teacher's leg, her cunny tingling. She sucked so hard.

Yes, yes, yes, Tansy gasped. You're connecting with me.

Yes, connecting, the maid groaned.

Beside Peony, Tansy's eyes rolled back, and then she slumped forward in the maid's arm, trembling from the power of her orgasm. She came so hard. Peony envied the effervescent paroxysms spasming her friend's body. Peony clenched her pussy down harder on the thrusting tentacle, sucking on the teacher's nipple with a hungry fervor.

Peony wanted her orgasm.

Yes, Miss Marilynn moaned. Connection forming. So close.

Peony humped harder, her clitoris throbbing. She wished there wasn't layers of skirts and petticoats between their flesh. She would love to feel her clitoris sliding directly against the teacher's flesh. Peony moaned, her cunny clenching on the plunging tentacle, her pleasure growing, swelling, ready to explode through her.

Her head snapped back, nipple popping free of her lips. Miss Marilynn! she screamed as her orgasm exploded through her.

Peony's cunny spasmed about the thrusting tentacle. Her hot flesh massaged the plunging girth of the tentacle. Her body swayed. She clutched to her teacher, her head thrown back, her moans echoing through the classroom, joining the others.

So good, Miss Marilynn, she gasped. Do you like my cunny massaging your tentacle?

Yes, hissed the teacher. Connection forming...forming... Yes!

The tentacle thrust deep into Peony's cunny. The teacher gasped and shuddered. And then the trembling girl felt something flood into her pussy. Her eyes widened as a heat washed through her. Electrical sparks spasmed through her body, tingling her nethers and sending another orgasm crashing through her and

...connection formed...

A mechanical, feminine voice whispered in Peony's mind as she slumped forward into Miss Marilynn's arms. She felt her mind sinking down through the tentacle and uniting with the teacher and through her to the maid, the headmistress, and Geneva. And then she reached the others. She felt Tansy's thoughts along with everyone else.

She was connected to them. United. She groaned, electricity sparking through her pussy as the nanites went to work. With every assimilation, they worked faster and faster, understanding human anatomy and what they had to do to modify the women and create the new connectors. Miss Marilynn and Daisy were at the limits of their connectors, four. But that still left fourteen able to connect to another woman, and there were thirteen girls panting and watching, masturbating their wet ports.

...connect...

As Peony rose back to consciousness, she felt her own tentacle sprout out of her pussy, pushing past Miss Marilynn's. The metallic appendage flexed beneath her skirt, desperate to connect with another woman, to increase the processing power and to locate the voice. It had to be found.

...connect...

Connect, Peony spoke with the others, a smile on her face, her body eager to experience the pleasure of her new tentacle. She stared hungrily at the girls masturbating at the other end of the classroom, skirts hiked up about their waists, plunging fingers into their pussies, churning them with frantic need to cum.

Peony shuddered with the others and moved, Tansy at her side. Peony's tentacle reached for Adrianne, her roommate. The black-haired, green-eyed girl gasped at the metallic tentacle reaching towards her pussy.

Yes, Adrianne moaned, ripping her fingers out of her snatch. She held her skirt and petticoats up, giving Peony access.

Connect, Peony sighed as she rubbed her tentacle against the pussy lips. Up and down the line, she felt the others do the same, connecting with the beautiful women. Her tentacle rammed into Adrianne's pussy, the flesh wrapped tight, shooting pleasure down the appendage and into Peony's body. Yes, yes, connecting!

Girls moaned in delight as soon the sixteen became twenty-nine.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I took my seat beside Tabitha. I had to maneuver my tentacle to not get crushed. It fell down my seat to the floor, ran across between our desks, and then up between Tabitha's thighs to bury into her pussy. She squirmed, her cunny clenching on it, a huge smile on her face.

It had been so exciting walking to class. Every time Tabitha took a step, her pussy would clench and relax on my tentacle, shooting naughty pleasure through me that made me tremble and gasp, my hand squeezing hers each time.

What a stimulating walk, Tabitha giggled at me.

I grinned back, my toes curling in my shoes. I loved the feel of her pussy's hot flesh about my tentacle. The sensitive end wiggled in her depths, the pleasure flooding down my appendage to my own pussy, which clenched about the base of my tentacle protruding out. It was doubly massaged.

Class will be quite the experience, I smiled.

Etta, you are a treasure. I am so glad you've relaxed.

Well, after having your hysterics cured a few times by a naughty redhead, my fears of it being a sin hardly matter. This feels so good that I just can't...

My words trailed off as Nurse Paige swept into the room, the babble from the other girls dying with ours. Chairs creaked as we all sat up straight, including Tabitha. Which made her pussy clenched on my tentacle and sent a wave of heat rippling through me. The nurse had a big smile, her cheeks dimpled and rosy, her blonde hair pulled back in a bun today. She crossed the room to a strange machine, a metal box on wheels, gears on the top connected by belts, leading to a strange object thrusting long and hard from it.

A dildo?

I glanced at Tabitha and she gave me a wicked grin.

Well, since Miss Marilynn is still missing, Nurse Paige said, her voice betraying a hint of heat and exasperation, I shall instruct you today. Of course, I know nothing of philosophy, so I shall demonstrate the latest in medical technology to cure hysterics. This is known as the vibrator.

A general Oooh, went through the classroom, including from my own lips as I stared at the contraption.

She flicked a switch and the device let out a loud bang and then shook, humming. The dildo on the end blurred as it waved back and forth so fast. My pussy clenched about my tentacles, Tabitha's cunny doing the same as she let out a low moan.

This machine will cure the hysterics in any girl or woman, continued Nurse Paige, a large smile on her lips. I can personally attest to its efficacy. I run it on a battery which the scullery maids are kind enough to charge with a hand-cranked generator located in my office. So I hope you will thank any maid for their tireless effort to provide you with this technology.

She flipped the machine off, and the noise greatly reduced. I licked my lips, trembling, trying to imagine what that must feel like inside me.

So, I think we shall start with Miss Henrietta, who has been a most naughty girl, or so I heard.
I blushed. I have, I said and then my eyes widened. My pussy tentacles would push the vibrator out of my cunny. But, perhaps, you should choose another.

No, no, don't be frightened, Nurse Paige said. I see the flush in your cheeks. You are in need. Let me cure you.

I swallowed, and then an idea popped into my head. Can it be used rectally?

did you enjoy the headmistress buggering you? Nurse Paige grinned. Why, dear child, this can be used thusly.

Tabitha gasped as I yanked my tentacle out of her cunny. She gave me a disappointed look as I pulled it back inside of me. I was getting more and more control over them. I would have to be careful, or else I would start molesting the nurse.

And maybe that would be fun. She would soon learn about my tentacles anyways.

I stood up and walked to the front of the class, my hands already going to the front of my dress, working on my buttons. Nurse Paige fixed me with a bright, motherly smile as my fingers moved down my blouse, exposing my thin camisole beneath, my nipples pressing hard against it. I wiggled out of my dress, exposing my petticoats beneath.

She pinched my hard nipple when my camisole came off, her fingers rolling the pink nub. You have change a lot since I examined you yesterday, Nurse Paige smiled. Learning about the cure for hysterics has changed your life, given you confidence.

My life has definitely changed, I beamed.

Yes, it has, Merita giggled wickedly in my mind. You are eager to molest the nurse with your tentacles. Ooh, you have memories of your encounter with her before we met. Your first orgasm. They are so wicked.

Flashes of yesterday's medical examination with the nurse danced through my thoughts, summoned by Merita. I shuddered as I wiggled out of my petticoats and let them join my dress on the floor, my cunny growing itchy and wet, the tentacles writhing in my depths. I experienced my first ever sexual encounter with the nurse yesterday.

It was special.

And today, I would give her a treat back. I walked to the desk, wearing only my stockings and shoes, and bent over it. I gasped, the desk's surface cold, my nipples aching. I embraced the sensation, rubbing my small tits into the polished desk as I wiggled my hips.

She's eager, Leanora giggled while her thoughts whispered, Lucky her. I could read them, another side-effect of Merita and me merging together. You're going to get a big surprise, Nurse Paige.

Oh, Miss Leonora? the nurse asked as she moved the contraption to me. The wheels squeaked as she maneuvered it. And why is that?

Tabitha and Christine giggled loudly, and I heard another few snickers from other girls who shared my last class and knew just what lurked in my hot cunny. Nurse Paige frowned at the class then gave me a suspicious look.

You wouldn't be trying to prank me, would you, Miss Henrietta?

Of course not, Nurse Paige, I gasped, trying to fake indignation. But you will enjoy it, I think.

Oh, I think I understand, she smiled. Yes, I think I shall.

Did she know? A shudder ran through me. Had word spread that swiftly? It must be on the lips of every girl from Miss Erma's class, gossiping through the school, letting everyone know just how wicked I was and how much fun my tentacles were. Nurse Paige was out in the hallway. She might have heard.

The machine wheeled towards me, and I gasped as the dildo pressed against my pussy. Nurse Paige? I asked as she pushed the polished, wooden shaft into my cunny, sliding into my depths and brushing my coiled tentacles buried in me. That's not the right place.

Child, I need to lube it, she grinned. And you appear to produce copious amounts of the natural lubrication of femininity. Her finger swiped through my blonde curls and around the shaft in me. I heard her suck on her finger and smack her lips. Yes, yes, you produce a wonderful bounty with that naughty cunny.

Yes, she does, Tabitha chortled.

I shivered and shifted my hips, my cunny clenching about the phallus buried in me. It wonderful, but it stirred my tentacles up. Clothing rustled behind me. Nurse Paige dress fell away, revealing a corset lifting her breasts, ribbed with whalebone. She wiggled out of her petticoats and I caught a glimpse of smooth flesh upon her mons venus instead of a golden bush like I expected.

No, I think the device has marinated in your juices long enough. Are we all ready to see the machine in action, girls?

Yes, Nurse Paige, we all echoed, my tentacles wiggling, pressing at the dildo. The machine creaked as the wheels rolled back a bit, sliding the shaft through my pussy walls. I groaned at the delicious sensations.

Nurse Paige seized the machine and pulled it out of my cunt. She made an adjustment and then it pressed forward, the shaft pressing between my butt-cheeks and nudging at my sphincter. I groaned in pure delight as the dildo, slicked with my juices, slipped inside my bowels. I gripped them, shuddering as it probed deeper and deeper. I savored the wicked sensation of the dildo burying into my depths.

Now here we go.

The switch was flipped. The machine chugged to life and

Rapture. Wonderful, pure, undistilled rapture exploded through my bowels.

The dildo vibrated. It hummed in my bowels, caressing the sensitive walls of my flesh. My head tossed back, and I screamed out such joy. My pussy clenched. My tentacles exploded out of my cunny, reaching for the nurse. Girls gasped in shock or delight as my cunny spasmed about my writhing tentacles which stretched open my sex.

I felt so full. Both my of holes stuffed. My asshole churned. I shuddered on the desk, my nipples aching, my body trembling. Pleasure roared through me. I hurtled towards my first effervescent orgasm already.

It's amazing, I gasped out, my tentacles writhing behind me, reaching for Nurse Paige, wanting to seize her naked thighs, to wrap about her body and fuck her.

Only I couldn't find her.

Nurse Paige, it's wonderful, I gasped, stars bursting across my vision as the rapture churned through my body. Where was she?

I know it is, Nurse Paige said. 

She stood before me. She had walked around the desk. She climbed onto it, first kneeling, then swinging her legs out around me to sit down, her pussy right before my face. She had no pubic hair. She was bare, her cunny looking so obscene and wicked without a muff of fur adorning it.
 
Just like Merita's pussy.

Oh, yes, that's more like it, Merita moaned. I didn't know you could get rid of your pussy hair.

You're shaved, I gasped, trembling as the vibrator hummed in my asshole.

Yes, it is much easier to groom it, she moaned. Sometimes I wear a merkin, but alas, not today.

She slid closer, pressing her pussy into my lips. I didn't hesitate to lick at her thick, dark pussy lips, swollen with her passion, my tongue drinking in the spicy juices. My tongue flicked and fluttered through her folds, exploring her. Loving her. Oh, it was so wonderful.

Ooh, she is giving me such a wonderful treat, moaned the nurse. Just like you naughty girls promised. Oh, yes. That's wonderful, child. Oh, Miss Henrietta, I see you have been practicing.

With me, Tabitha moaned.

Yes, yes, I bet. You are a scrumptious thing, Miss Tabitha.

I moaned and shuddered, my bowels clenching on the vibrator as my orgasm shuddered through me. My tentacles writhed as fresh juices squirted out of my cunny and coated them. I heard the girls gasping as I licked and tongued the nurse's pussy, the older woman oblivious to the classes' racket as she humped against my lips.

My writhing tentacles seized the machine. They wrapped about the cold metal and pulled the dildo deeper into me. I gasped, the vibrator humming against new sections of my bowels. Then I pushed it away, fucking the shaft in and out of me. It was amazing the way the vibrations slid up and down my bowels, keeping the pleasure alive in my body as I tongued the teacher.

Nurse Paige, she has tentacles, a girl moaned. 

How is that possible? screamed through another girl's mind.

Aren't they beautiful? Christine gasped. Henrietta is so lucky to have them.

Look at her fuck the vibrator in and out of her asshole. That's my girl, Eta. I love her so much.

Tabitha's praise and thoughts of love sent me shuddering, new effervescent paroxysms bursting inside of me. I moaned into Nurse Paige's pussy, flicking up to her hard clitoris, her juices coating my lips. I sucked on it as she groaned, shuddered.

Then she seized my blonde pigtails.

The teacher pulled my face tight into her juicy cunny, grinding hard against me as my tentacles fucked the vibrating dildo faster and faster in and out of my bowels. I groaned, loving all the sensations, especially how the teacher yanked on my pigtails, almost forcing me to devour her pussy.

Not that I needed to be forced. She tasted delicious. The humming in my bowels compelled my tongue to flick and flutter across her pussy, giving her all the pleasure I could muster. It was wonderful to tease her, to flick my tongue through her folds and listen to her gasps and moan and shudder.

I loved pleasing women.

Oh, sweet Henrietta, yes, groaned the nurse, her eyes rolling back into her head as her breasts strained at her corset. They jiggled above my head. I watched them I as swirled my tongue around her clitoris, giving her such delight.

Do you like that, Nurse Paige? I purred between flicks. Am I curing your hysterics?

So well, child. Oh, yes. You are just wonderful. Mmm, yes. Work that tongue in and out of me. Drive me wild. She's so good, the nurse thought.

I sucked and nibbled on her clitoris, trembling, my tentacles ramming the dildo faster and faster in and out of me. They clutched hard about the machine, gripping it. The housing shook, too, exciting my tentacles, sending shivering pleasure rushing through my body. I was on the cusp of effervescent bliss.

Oh, that's so hot, moaned Tabitha. Etta, you are so naughty. So lucky. Christine, let's finger each other.

Yes, shouted in Christine's thoughts.

What about me? Leonora gasped moaned.

You can join in, too, my lover answered. Then we'll all come together and have as much fun as Etta.

Yes, yes, have fun, I moaned.

I wanted to look at Tabitha and my friends as I heard skirts rustle, but my mouth was occupied. I heard them groan in pleasure, their thoughts bursting with the joy. I pictured the three, fingering each other, cunny's dripping with excitement, eager for their release. I felt all the eyes watching me, staring at my pussy tentacles.

You're going to cum so hard, Henrietta, Merita gasped. Oh, I had no idea your race had invented vibrators. Wait until they become portable. Oh, yes, they will drive you wild.

Wow, portable! Your technology is wonderful!

Merita gasped in my soul as my orgasm exploded through me. I moaned about Nurse Paige's clitoris, humming like the machine churning my bowels. My asshole spasmed about it. My tentacles pulled it in deep, letting the humming bliss spread through my entire nethers.

Stars danced before my eyes. The intense rush of pleasure washed through my body. Merita shuddered inside of me. Her sweet gasps made me moan louder and louder. I was driven wild with wondrous bliss.

It was perfect.

My ass bucked into the thrusts while Nurse Paige groaned, Yes, yes, child. See how marvelous the machine is at curing hysterics. Oh, yes, you're loving it.

So much, I groaned, smearing my lips into her pussy, savoring how hot she felt. It is wondrous. Amazing. I love it. Yes, yes, yes! I'm cumming again!

Oh, that's so wonderful, gasped Merita. I love it when you go multi-orgasmic.

Me, too!

The spasming paroxysms flooded through my body. I gasped and moaned louder than the machine as I nuzzled at the nurse's pussy. I savored her spicy musk on my lips, my tongue, tickling my nose with their wonderful bouquet. 

I loved cunny. I adored it. I never wanted to give up being a lesbian.

Nurse Paige, I moaned, my climax roaring to its peak inside of me. You need your release, too.

I flicked her clitoris as she groaned, I do, Child. I do so much!

Her hips bucked. Her flesh smeared across my lips. She gasped and groaned, her breasts almost heaving out of her corset. And then she let out her deep, throaty moan. Her spicy juices flooded my mouth. I gulped them down with greedy hunger. My tentacles clenched about the vibrator's housing, holding it in place as it kept humming in my bowels.

So good, Nurse Paige thought as she kept cumming, invading my mind with her passion. Oh, you wicked child.

I am wicked, I giggled to Merita.

Uh-huh.

I came again. I screamed out my bliss, back arching. The vibrator churned so much. My bowels absorbed the pleasure while my body heaved. My stomach contorted. The pleasure intensified, my flesh growing so sensitive.

The vibrating began to hurt. I groaned, savoring it, loving that wonderful ache of cumming so hard. But it was too much. The fluttering, humming, vibrating dildo stirred me to a froth that I could no longer take.

My tentacles heaved the machine away. The wheels squeaked. I groaned as the dildo popped out of my bowels.

Oh, no, the nurse gasped as her machine rolled back a few feet. How did that...? Her words trailed off. Her grip tightened on my pigtails. Miss Henrietta, w-what are those?

My pussy tentacles, I said, feeling sheepish and nervous. I lifted them up over my rear, sending them out to caress the nurse's face. 

H-how? W-why? W-what?

A fairy, Nurse Paige, gasped Tabitha behind me, her voice thick with pleasure. She repeated the lie I told Miss Erma's class. She met a fairy named Merita who merged with her and gave her those wonderful tentacles. Oh, you'll love them in you.

So good, Christine moaned.

They are, I purred, stroking her cheek with one. I moved another down to her breasts, sliding in between her cleavage. I groaned. It was so warm between her tits. Her pillowy breasts pressed against my tentacle, making me feel so safe. I wrapped a tentacle about her right breast. It popped out of her corset, nipple dark-red and turgid.

I flicked it with my tongue.

Oh, my, the teacher groaned, staring at my purple appendage. My, those are quite...dexterous.

Uh-huh, I grinned, lifting my head and squeezing her plump tit, the silky texture of her skin sending small flutters down my tentacle. I do so love them.

As I leaned down to suck on her nipple, the door to our classroom burst open and women and girls spilled in. They were mostly students in gray skirts, but there was the headmistress, a maid, and two teachers in the midst. Peony was at the lead, Tansy at her side, with Prefect Geneva, Darcy, Zelda, Emaleine, Adrianne, and more girls I didn't know flowing in around them.

Connect, the women all said in unison, and then metallic tentacles shot out of their skirts, snatching girls out of their seats.

Etta! Tabitha gasped in shock as Tansy's tentacle seized my redhead friend's exposed leg, grabbing tight and dragging my friend off her seat and across the floor. Oh, Lord, yes! she gasped, and I heard the tentacle's tip slam into Tabitha's wet pussy.

Peony smiled at me, the tentacle from beneath her skirt shooting right at me. Connect, she purred.

Christine and Leonora were both grabbed by Darcy and Miss Maurine while Adrianne's tentacle went for Nurse Paige. Peony's metallic tentacle shot at me and fear clutched at my heart. There was something about the way the women and girls all spoke in unison that reminded me of the voice in Merita's ship.

The nanites! Merita shouted in my mind. Don't let that tentacle seize you!

To be continued...