
Aunt Sarita And Cousin Meena. 
By Jeevan 
This is my first story, so please excuse me for any omissions in this. 
This story is real and took place in 1972. I have an Aunt named Sarita. She was 32 yr. old, 5 5, with slim body and measured 36-28-38. She had nice sexy light colored eyes and was very fair. She was married to a non-romantic guy, who was working as a clerk and had no interest in sex. ( I was told later by my Aunt). She had two sons aged 6 and 3. I was 20 and in final year of my post graduation. I am 56,nice athletic body, brown sexy eyes, and 9-inch long cock( I measured it later). 
I was old enough to know about sex but never had fucked a girl before. In India sex is a taboo and we never discuss it openly. I had just kissed my neighbors daughter and jacked off after that as she did not allow me to insert my cock in her pussy due to fear of getting pregnant and losing virginity before marriage. 
One summer we had a family get-together and my Aunt Sarita , my maternal uncles family and my other Aunts family had come to stay with us for the holiday. We had a big bungalow with 4 big rooms and nice garden. We use to play all day long with the kids of my uncle, Meena (girl 18 yr.), Raju (boy 12 yr.). I observed my Aunt Sarita paying special attention to me lately. She used to hug me and kiss me on the cheeks as if to show her affection to me. I thought it to be normal, but it excited me a lot and later I had to jack off for that day. I too felt attracted to her in different way and I started to get erection when she touched me. 
On 20 May 1972 we had retired to bed after heavy diner. We all arranged to sleep and spread the mattresses on floor. I was to sleep next to my Aunt Sarita with her 2 children between us. In the night I accidentally brushed my leg to her feet and found it very exciting. My cock begin to grow so I kept my feet on my Aunts pretending to be asleep. I saw her move and felt her other leg on my thighs. I let it rest there and really got excited. I felt the fingers on her feet move, brushing my thighs and felt her feet caressing my entire leg. OHH my !!!! I was trembling with lust and was afraid to make the next move. Then I felt her hand on my chest, her fingers making small circles on my nipples. Aha!!!! Now I was really hot since this was the first time any female had touched me in this way. She moved her hand lower to my abdomen tickling me all over and finally it came to rest on my now hard cock. It was great to feel her catching hold of my cock and moving her hand along its length. I also extended my hi whispered ,  Ohh Masi( AUNT) tumhare balls mast hai makkhan jaise oohhhh mera lund dard kar raha hai jara usko dekho nahi to wo kahi bhi ghus jayeega. Ohh Masiiiii (your boobs are nice smooth like cream, my cock hurts look at it or it my go anywhere). I pushed my hands in her blouse and felt the sex globes. Her nipples were hard and erect, standing out proudly, I moved my other hand on to her ass and started to knead the firm ass cheeks. I was impatient and started to push her petticoat up to make her pussy naked for my cock. 
Aunt Sarita said,  Sunil, dont make noise, stop now. Lets go to other room so that we shall be comfortable and do anything we like. Saying so she got up carefully and went to the guestroom which was far away from the room we were sleeping in. The room had an attached toilet and a door opening outside to garden and we could go out safely in case some body woke up. 
As soon as we entered the room she hugged me and kissed me full on lips. I opened my mouth and felt her tongue enter rubbing it all over. I caught her tongue with my tongue and we rubbed our tongues together. I held her tight and felt her hard erect nipples poking in my chest. We separated for a second and she said,  Sunil muze tumhara land chahiye. Main bahoot pyasee hu. Mera pati muze chodata nahi Sala. Tum meri choot me tumhara bada land dalkar muze khoob chodo. Ahhhhh Kya mast land hai!!!!! Jara choos ne do Sunil(I want your cock, my hubby does not fuck me and I am hungry for your cock fuck me let me suck your cock). 
Saying so my Aunt kneeled before me and lowered my shorts. My cock sprang out like snake coming out of the hiding place. Aunt pushed her tongue out and started to lick my cock head. Aunt licked the pre-cum off and started to roll her tongue around the cock-head. My cock throbbed with the exotic sensation and I pushed it further. Aunt opened her mouth and swallowed the cock head and started to chew it with her mouth rolling the tongue all around. She sucked all my cock in her mouth and started to deep throat me. I could see her face moving in to and fro motion, sucking my cock. OooHH Auntie suck meee youuuu fuckkiing my cockkk. Suck it hardd. Jorse choosoo mera maal khaa jaoo(eat my come). Ooohh tum to chodu Aunt nikalee. Mai tumko chodunga chut me aur gand me bhi. I said. This was my first time and I felt some twitching in my cock and thought that I was about to come. Aunts tongue and mouth was too much for my virgin cock. I rolled my eyes and started to come in squirts. Ooh Auntie mera maI woke with somebody calling my and Aunties name. I was frightened that somebody had caught us in our SIN. I saw my cousin sister Meena standing near us and looking at us. I got up and put a bed sheet on my Aunts naked body and put on my shorts. I took Meenas hand and asked her what she was doing here? She said, Sunil, I woke up as I had to pee but somebody was there in the other bathroom so I came to pee in this bathroom and saw you lying naked on Auntie .I saw your cock hanging near Aunts pussy Did you fuck your Aunt, Sunil? I wont tell anybody if you listen to me. I woke Aunt Sarita and she was really frightened to see Meena standing near us. 
Now, My cousin Meena is 18 yr. old and has well-developed body. She has nice growing breasts, light eyes and small round ass and is 5 2 tall. She is intelligent and smart. She told Auntie, I know you and Sunil were fucking. I am not a small girl. I have seen my dad and Mom fucking through the bedroom door. . And why you and Sunil are naked? Only because you were fucking each other. I will not tell anybody if you allow me to fuck Sunil with you. Meena was blackmailing us into including her in our SIN and commit more SIN. 
Hearing this my cock started to grow in spite of the fact that I had come twice in an hour. The things were taking different turn now, sinful but exciting. Aunt Sarita asked Meena,  Did you fuck any body? or are you a virgin? Meena said that she was a virgin, afraid to fuck with boys due to pregnancy. But she used to insert vegetables like small cucumber and long Brinjal in her cunt sometimes. Hearing this my Aunt laughed and said that Meena wont have any trouble talking my cock in her small pussy. I was afraid to do so because Meena was not adult. But Meena was very eager to fuck me. Meena came near me and put her hand in my shorts catching hold of my now hard Land (Cock). Aunt Sarita was looking at us with lust in her eyes. I held Meena tightly against me and put my lips on her mouth, she opened her mouth and took my tongue in. I kissed her pushed my tongue in and rubbed the inner side of her mouth, I felt her hard big boobs against my chest and I could feel the hard nipples

 during that summer vacation I fucked my Aunt daily in the night and sometimes in daytime whenever I got chance. I fucked my niece Meena too. We even had some threesomes and later in our life moresomes too, with each other and some family members. I love my Aunt and Niece Meena. 
This was the beginning. I fucked my Aunt till she died. And my cousin is married and happy to fuck me once in a while when we meet. I fucked my Aunt and cousin in the ass and did all weird things with them like Golden showers, Aunt fucking my ass with a cucumber (10 inch long and 3 inch wide) me double fucking Aunt with cucumber and my cock, Aunt getting licking and fucking from Hippie (my Dog) and many more but those are separate stories. 
Comments are welcome from all male/ female readers. This is a true story of my incest. I feel its ok to fuck anybody as long as both love it. 
Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com >
 






