Bethany 02
By Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read part 01. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Intro
A girl who thinks nothing of taking her clothes off when told or asked to.


Bethany left school when she was 16; she just couldn’t get the grades required to go on to college or university. That didn’t worry her because she was still convinced that she was destined to become a famous model; and how many models actually had any academic qualifications anyway?

On top of that, her eldest brother, Lucas, had taken well over 1,000 photographs of her naked body over the last 4+ years, and those were her ‘portfolio’ that numerous people to whom she had given a copy of all of them to, had promised that they’d pass them on to their contacts in the modelling business. 

And that wasn’t counting the 1,000s of naked photographs that her uncle’s friends had taken of her; and all those men had promised to put them on the internet on sites that model scouts frequented.

Bethany was convinced that her big break would be coming soon.


During one of her photographic sessions with her uncle and his friends, Bethany had mentioned to one of the men, just after she’d given him a blowjob; that she was leaving school soon and was looking for a job. He’d asked her if she’d like to go and work for him in his plumbing supplies shop. Now Bethany had been told that she should never immediately accept a job offer but say that she’d think about it and get back to them; and that’s what she did.

That night Bethany thought about the job offer whilst she was diddling with her pussy before going to sleep. The next day was Sunday and at the family lunch she told her father and brothers about the job offer.

Her father was over the moon; he’d often wondered if she’d ever be able to get a job or if he’d have to support her until the day that he died. Lucas wasn’t too happy at first; his first reaction being that it would put an end to his human anatomy project’s weekly photographic sessions. The other thing that he wasn’t too happy was that he’d have to do more of the housework and cooking.

Surprisingly, Bethany said that she was sure that it wouldn’t affect Lucas’ human anatomy project because the plumbing shop’s owner, Harry, already knew about it and had told her that it was good for her to have a full portfolio ready for when she got her big break.


A few miles away Harry was also thinking about Bethany working in his shop. Business was okay, but he was convinced that a scantily clad young girl working behind the counter would be an asset to the business that would draw the male customers in. He too spent quite a few nights in bed wanking away and imagining Bethany wearing skimpy outfits to serve the customers. He also dreamt about the blowjobs that he would get her to give him when the shop was quiet.

On one of the nights when Harry was wanking and thinking about Bethany, he came up with the idea of work clothes for Bethany. His initial idea was something a bit like an American girl’s cheerleaders outfit; but that wasn’t brief enough for Harry. It had to be something that both revealed and teased both at the same time.

When he was wanking again the next night he decided on a see-through top and a skirt that was only just long enough to cover her pussy when she was stood up. The next day Harry spent a couple of hours on the internet finding what he wanted. Bookmarking the web page, he did something that he hadn’t done for years; he prayed that Bethany would accept his offer.


For whatever reason, Bethany didn’t see Harry the next time that she went to her uncle’s house, but Bethany wasn’t worried because her big break must be coming soon. 

During that time school had finished and Bethany spent her days sunbathing (Lucas had told her that all good models had a good all-over suntan), in the back garden and getting bored. Her brothers had both told her that it was pointless her getting dressed each day unless she had to go grocery shopping or to her uncle’s house. 


Chad and Lucas were on holiday from school and college as well and they’d got her to give each of them a blowjob at least once a day, and to make herself cum multiple times each day, often while they watched. On top of that there were the times that she’d rubbed herself to orgasm when she was alone in her room.


Lucas, her eldest brother, had jokingly told her that a girl can only have so many orgasms in her lifetime and that she should leave her pussy alone occasionally. Bethany didn’t know whether or not to believe him but decided leave her pussy alone for the rest of that day.

The next morning she’d forgotten all about it and had made herself cum as soon as she’d woken up.


One afternoon when the brothers and 4 of their mates were sat outside watching Bethany diddle her pussy as she lay out in the sun, the brothers decided that they wanted to show-off their naked little sister to as many people as they could, before she started her job. At that stage they were convinced that she would get the job; after all, what red-blooded man wouldn’t want a hot little body like that working in his shop; especially if she was giving him blowjobs.

Telling Bethany to go and put one of her little summer dresses on, they decided that they’d take her to a big park in town and get her to take her dress off and run around the park.


If you remember, Bethany’s summer dresses are ultra-short and only just cover her pussy and butt when she’d stood up. What’s more they are very low-cut both at the front, back and sides. Because the top parts are a bit loose fitting, it only takes a raised arm to show lots of side boob, or a slight bend forward to put her ‘B’s on display to anyone who cares to look; so on the way to the park the guys did everything that they could to get Bethany to bend or raise her arms.

On the bus was even more revealing for Bethany, the 6 guys got on first and went upstairs leaving Bethany to follow them. The middle-aged man behind her couldn’t believe his luck when he followed her up the stairs.

The guys had taken the back 2 rows of seats on the top deck and as Bethany approached them one of them pulled her down onto his lap. In doing so her skirt rode up round her waist. That was enough for the guy to grope her pussy and get her all worked up whilst the guy next to him worked on her tits.

When she’d cum she was passed over to 2 more of the guys and it happened again. By that time a handful of the other passengers had heard Bethany’s moans and were watching.

Second orgasm over, Bethany stood up and looked at the 2 guys on the back seat. With a big grin on her face and without pulling her dress down, she sat between them then turned and lay across them.

She just managed her third orgasm before they had to get off the bus.


Bethany was still flushed as the group took her to Starbucks where they sat outside with Bethany sat with her knees apart. The guys kept telling her to adjust her hair so that her arms were up. The spectacle caused quite a few people to stop and admired the view.



In the park Lucas picked a grassy area near a busy path and they all sat on the grass to talk. Before long Bethany was getting bored with the male conversation and was flat on her back enjoying the sun, not caring that her skirt wasn’t covering her pussy and that anyone beyond her un-crossed legs would be able to see how swollen and wet it was.


After a while one on the guys produced a football from in his backpack and the guys got up for a kick around. After about 10 minutes the guys split into 2 teams and 3 shirts were removed to mark goalposts.  

Lucas told Bethany that she was joining in and when she got up he told her to take her dress off so that it could be used as the fourth goalpost. Bethany did so the asked which team she was on.

“Skins of course!” two of the guys said.


The game went on for about 20 minutes with Bethany not contributing much, other than good eye candy which caused the guys not to play well, and to entertain the handful of men who stopped to watch the game.


Fortunately, no one complained about Bethany’s nudity, nor called the police; and when the game ended they all sat round Bethany hiding her from people passing by.


Satisfied with their exposure of Bethany so far, the guys started thinking about what they could do next. 

“We could play hide and seek in the woods.” One of the guys said.

“That’s a kid’s game.” Another said, but after a lot of winking at each other, all the guys got up and led the still naked Bethany into the woods. There, Lucas said that the guys would go and hide and Bethany would count to 100 then come looking for them.

She did, and they did. What Bethany didn’t know was that all the guys had run out of the woods leaving Bethany all alone.


Being council owned, and right next to the park, these woods have paths all over for people to stroll, with or without their dogs; and Bethany spent a good 30 minutes walking around the park, passing quite a few people. Some stared at her and a couple of middle-aged women asked her if she was okay; but most just ignored her.

After about 30 minutes of being naked and on their own in a public park, most girls would have become scared and panicky, but Bethany didn’t even think about that. She just kept saying,

“Come on guys, give me a clue.”


Eventually, Lucas and Chad got fed-up with waiting for her to emerge and went looking for her. They found her talking to 2 young men, standing there, arms at her sides, exactly like you’d expect a clothed teenage girl to stand.


They gave Bethany her dress and walked along the path back to the main park. When they emerged from the woods they met the others and Lucas announced that they were all going to the leisure centre.

All the guys had come prepared for swimming but Bethany hadn’t. Just as they got close to the leisure centre Bethany said that she couldn’t go in; she hadn’t brought a swimsuit or a towel.

“Don’t worry kiddo; I’ve got it covered.” Lucas said.

Inside, Lucas and Chad took Bethany to a family changing cubicle where Bethany gave 2 blowjobs before Lucas gave her one of her see through bras and things. 


The inevitable happened and Bethany was asked to leave because of her ‘inappropriate dress’; but not before the guys had paraded her all around most of the place, sometimes pointing out the nearly naked girl to some young men who hadn’t seen her.

Unlike the previous time that Bethany had been asked to leave a swimming pool, Lucas and Chad stayed at the pool with their mates, leaving Bethany to find her own way home.

Thankfully, Lucas had given her some money for the bus but he had told her to leave her swimming bra and thong in his backpack. She still had quite a few people staring at her, especially when she climbed up the stairs to the top deck of the bus.



A couple of days after that Lucas and Chad had an ‘end of term’ party to go to and Bethany wanted to go with them. After promising their father that they’d look after her, Bethany got permission to go.

Needless to say that the brothers were going show-off their little sister to all their mates and Bethany was happy to wear just one of her cute summer dresses to the party.


The party started as any other teenagers party does and it wasn’t long before some alcohol appeared and some of it ended up in a glass in Bethany’s hand.

Never having had any alcohol before, Bethany, along with quite a few others, soon got slightly drunk and the girlfriend of one of Lucas’s mates asked her if she was the girl who often took her clothes off and let boys play with her. When Bethany confirmed that she was, the girl asked her if she was going to do it that night.

Bethany’s response was to put her glass down and pull her dress over her head; confirming what quite a number of people there already suspected, or knew, she wore nothing under the dress.


Well, that was it for quite a number of the young men there; Bethany got passed from one guy to another, all either wanting her to rub her pussy, let the guy rub her pussy or play with her tits; or just give the guy a blowjob.

It wasn’t long before Bethany was taken to a bedroom and had a continuous supply of visitors.


All the time, Bethany, in her half-drunken state, loved every minute of it.

Some of the guys wanted to go further but Bethany always refused saying that she was saving herself. One guy tried to force himself on her but somehow, she remembered what Lucas had told her to do in a situation like that and the guy left with some very painful balls.


Well, Bethany refused to go any further for about the first hour but when Lucas came to check that she was okay, she pushed him onto the bed and before he realised what was happening, Bethany was giving him a blowjob.

Bethany was way too far gone to stop there and as soon as she got him rock hard instinct took over and she jumped on top of him and impaled herself on him. She immediately started going up and down on him and they both came within a couple of minutes.


Lucas tried to apologise to Bethany but she wasn’t having any of it and kept asking him why he hadn’t told her how good it was to fuck and why he hadn’t fucked her before.


Lucas’s regrets soon turned to being thankful that their father had taken her to the doctor’s about 4 years ago and got her put on the pill. He also realised that he was going to have to have a talk with her about STDs. 


The monster had been released from its cage. 


Until the end of the party Bethany’s moans and screams could be heard all over the house as a steady stream of young men went and fucked her; or was it her fucking them?


Lucas and Chad had to dress Bethany and almost carry her home. Thankfully, their father was sound asleep when they got home.


The next morning Bethany had to check with Lucas that what she remembered was true. When Lucas confirmed that it was he also told his little sister that she had become a nymphomaniac; Bethany was confused. Firstly she was unhappy that she was no longer a virgin and secondly, she had to ask what a nymphomaniac was.

Laughing, Lucas told her that she hadn’t really been a virgin for years. He reminded her of the time that his finger had made her bleed and told her that it was then that she’d lost her cherry.

When Lucas explained what a nymphomaniac was Bethany felt proud; and promptly asked Lucas to fuck her again.

Lucas did, but not before he explained what STDs were and how she could reduce the chances of getting them. She’d also managed to get Lucas to promise to buy her a big box of condoms.



Two days later Bethany got the bus to her uncle’s house with the box of condoms in her bag. As she sat on the bus she realised that she was quite nervous but excited at the same time. She squirmed in her seat as her pussy leaked copious amounts of her juices onto the seat.


As soon as she got there and let herself in, she stripped off and went looking for her uncle with the box of condoms in her hand. She found him in the back garden doing some weeding and as she ran up to him she shouted,

“I’m not a virgin anymore uncle; can you fuck me please?”

Bethany’s uncle stood up and looked at his naked niece; then he grinned.

“Of course dear; I’ve been waiting for this moment since you first took your clothes off in front of me.”

“Oh goody; you won’t need one of these;” Bethany said holding the box of condoms up, “these are for the other guys. I know that you won’t give me one of those horrible STD things.”


No housework got done that day before her uncle’s friends arrived.


Harry was at the front of the queue of her uncle’s mates as they walked in. He took one look at the naked Bethany and said,

“Well girl, what’s it to be? Do you want to cum for an interview?”

Bethany’s missed the play on words, maybe because her stomach was churning and her pussy was tingling even though it had just been well fucked by her uncle. At first she couldn’t speak but a few seconds later she said,

“Yes of course I’ll give you a blowjob, but we usually wait until you’ve all taken a few photographs first.” 

“No, no, no girl; I mean the job.”

“Ooops; sorry, yes please, my dad says that I’ll make a good shop-worker for you.”

Harry grinned, squeezed one of Bethany’s nipples and told her that they’d talk later.


The afternoon’s photo and playing with Bethany’s body session took longer that day as Bethany was eager to have her first consensual gangbang; not that knew that was what it was called; to her it was just being fucked. She particularly enjoyed being fucked at both ends at once and her uncle had to bring a smaller table out into the back garden so that she could hang off both sides.

Bethany’s uncle worried about his neighbours and the noise that she was making.


Harry hung back as the rest of the guys left and he and her uncle talked while she went and had a shower. When she was done, and dressed, Harry drove her to his shop for the interview.


When they arrived, Harry introduced her to Hunter, a student who only worked there on a Saturday so that Harry could go to his photography class. As they walked on, Bethany turned and looked back to Hunter. He was watching her long, bare legs, and maybe getting a glimpse of her bare butt as well.


In Harry office Bethany was offered a seat on the leather sofa that Harry had recently bought. It was a low one, leaving Bethany’s knees higher than her butt. Harry sat at his desk looking over to the young girls long bare legs with glimpses of her bare pubes between her legs.


The interview started with Harry telling Bethany what would be expected of her; well most of it, he didn’t say anything about the exposing herself to the customers or the recently added fucking by the boss.

Harry had already discussed Saturday working with Bethany’s uncle and it had been agreed that the photography sessions would move to a Sunday so that Bethany could work on the shop’s busiest day. Bethany would also have Mondays off.


The interview moved on and Bethany asked what she would have to wear. She said that all she had was a few skirts and tops or summer dresses but Harry stopped her and told her that he’d be providing a work clothes; ones that he intended for all full time employees to wear.

Bethany asked if Hunter was wearing it (Jeans and T shirt), only to be reminded that Hunter only worked there for one day a week.

Bethany then asked if there were any other full time staff, only to be told that she was the first but it was expected that the business would thrive now that she would hopefully be working there. Bethany didn’t understand that but let it go.

Harry then changed the subject to money and Bethany was pleased that it was more than she’d expected. Nowhere near as much as the money that she got from the sessions at her uncles, but more than her father had told her to expect.
Harry also told her that she could keep any tips that she got but she wasn’t too hopeful there; after all, what did she know about plumbing?

They talked some more about various thing then Harry asked Bethany if she still wanted the job.

“Off course I do.” Bethany replied.

Harry got up and went round to Bethany. As she stood up Harry got yet another good look at that wet, young pussy.

They shook hands and Harry told her to be there at 08:00 on the Tuesday.

Just as she walked out of the door Bethany turned and said,

“Oh Harry; what about the work clothes?”

“Don’t worry about that Bethany, you can change into them when you get to work.”


Harry then told Hunter that his work day was moving to Sundays; but that he’d get the same amount of money. That last bit sold it for Hunter as it would be 4 hours less work each week for the same money.



Bethany arrived at work 15 minutes early and had to wait outside for Harry to arrive. All the way there she had been wondering about the work clothes that she’d have to wear; half expecting it to be some sort of ugly overalls. She wasn’t looking forward to having to wear trousers.

Imagine her surprise when Harry took her into his office and passed her a bag telling her that she would be trialling a number of different work clothes to find the one that suited her the most. When she pulled the clothes out of the bag all she found was a short T shirt and a VERY short skirt.

“This is it?” Bethany asked.

“Yes, why?” Harry replied.

“They’re gorgeous Harry; I was expecting some big, horrible overalls like my dad wears.” Bethany said as she put it down and stripped off the skirt and top which was all that she was wearing.

Pulling the T shirt on it soon became obvious that it is made of a sheer mesh gauze that is completely see through. What’s more, it only goes half way down her ribs. The bottom half of her ‘B’s are exposed.

Next was the skirt. It’s only 6 inches long and like a schoolgirl’s pleated skirt. It fits her perfectly, perching on her hips and leaving her pussy and butt only just covered.

Smoothing her hands down the front and back, Bethany said,

“It’s gorgeous, and just the same length as my summer dresses. Thank you Harry, I’ll be very happy to wear these.”

“Well, Bethany, this is just one of the options that I’m considering. Over the next few weeks I’ll be giving you a number of different work clothes to try-out. When we’ve gone through all of them I’ll make a decision.”

“A decision about what?”

“The work clothes of course; or would you prefer to work naked young lady?”  

“Can I?”

“No Bethany, you can’t.”


Well that was what Harry said; but he intended to get her naked as often as possible, and to fuck her as often as possible. The more of her flesh that was exposed to the customers the better. ‘Skin sells’ was what he firmly believed in.


Harry spent the next hour or so showing Bethany around and how things worked. Bethany was pleased that there was nothing there that looked too big or too heavy for her to lift. When she told that to Harry he told her that he concentrated on the small, every day things leaving the things like bathroom suites to the specialists. He told her that only things that she might have a problem with are the 2 metre lengths of pipe and the water cylinders. He took her to where he kept the cylinders and lifted one with one hand.  Bethany did the same and then said,

“That was a lot lighter than it looks.”

“Most of it is insulation.” Harry replied.


At that time of the morning there weren’t many customers but when one did come in Harry served them whilst they stared at Bethany’s chest. One of the customers left with what he’d gone in for and a pack of 10 x 15mm connectors that Harry found it easy to sell to him as he stared at Bethany.

When Harry showed Bethany how to work the till he stood directly behind her and after a couple of minutes he realised that she was gently twerking her butt against the top of his legs. That action got a response from his cock which needed some attention.

Harry had to put the closed sign up for 20 minutes after that whilst he christened his new sofa.

It was only afterwards that Bethany asked Harry if he’d given her anything nasty. When Harry said not, Bethany said ‘good’ and said that they needn’t use a condom when they did it again.


One of the tasks that Bethany would have to do was to use the computer to check exactly what someone wanted if the description wasn’t clear enough for her. It isn’t a difficult task and you can get the customer to guide you through it; but Bethany’s knowledge on plumbing and computers was very limited. What’s more, Harry had already realised that Bethany would need quite a bit of coaching to become competent at this. 

So, around mid-day when things were quiet, Harry called her over and stood her in front of the PC. Harry stood right behind her so that he could see what was on the screen, and what Bethany was doing on the keyboard (Harry is a good foot taller than Bethany).

As Harry was talking he realised that Bethany was leaning back on him and grinding her butt against the top of his legs. It was a sort of repeat of what she had done when he was showing her how the till worked. After a couple of minutes of that Harry had an idea.

Telling Bethany not to move he went into the storeroom in search of a wooden box that he knew he had.

When he returned he got Bethany to stand on the box then continued with the lesson telling Bethany that it would be easier if she were higher up.

When Harry continued with the lesson Bethany soon realised that it was in fact better. When she leaned back she could feel Harry’s hard cock against her little skirt. That fact made her push back harder and move from side to side.

After another couple of minutes Harry couldn’t stand it anymore and he unzipped his trousers and got his cock out. Leaning forward to meet Bethany’s butt, he adjusted himself so that his cock slid between her legs.

Bethany gave out a little squeal then squeezed her legs together for a second before slowly moving her butt back and forwards.

The lesson continued but got slower and slower. In the end Harry lifted Bethany up and lowered her onto his cock, which she eagerly took. Reaching round her and sliding his hands up her T shirt, Harry fucked her for all he was worth; Bethany getting quite vocal with the oows and arrggh and yes’ and oh fucks.

Harry had timed it perfectly because just as he jerked the last drop of his semen into Bethany’s hot little cunt the automatic doorbell rang and in walked a delivery man with a large box.

Quickly removing his hands from Bethany’s rock hard nipples, Harry backed-up and said,

“Would you go and sign for that please Bethany?”

Bethany stepped off the box and went round to the front of the shop where the delivery man was just standing up after putting the box on the floor.  

Not really believing what he was seeing, the delivery man just stood there staring at Bethany’s see through T shirt and still rock hard nipples.

Bethany just stood in front of him, not sure what was going on and not sure what she was supposed to be signing.

After about 5 seconds the man came out of his trance and said,

“Oh sorry, can you sign this please?” He passed her his little portable terminal and showed her where to sign then said,

“Oh, I should have scanned the barcode on the box first, could you do it for me please? Just point the terminal at the barcode on the side and it will do the rest. It’ll bleep when it’s found it.”

Bethany looked a bit puzzled but did as the man asked. When nothing happened the man told her to get a bit closer.

Bethany had had to turn her back to the man to face the barcode label but when he told her to go a bit closer, she had to bend over.

Harry’s face suddenly got a big grin on it as Bethany’s skirt rode up her back giving him, and the delivery man, the beautiful sight of her bare butt with her pussy between the her bubbly cheeks, and Harry’s semen leaking out.

Both men were mesmerised as they waited for Bethany to get the terminal to bleep at her.

No one will ever know if Bethany was deliberately pointing the terminal away from the barcode or she was just struggling to get the terminal at the right angle to read the barcode; but it was a good 10 seconds before the terminal bleeped and Bethany stood up; snapping both men out of their daze.


Harry still had a big grin on his face as the man thanked Bethany, turned and left.


“I think that this is an opportune moment to teach you the safe ways of lifting things up from the floor.” Harry said as Bethany walked back to him.

“Let’s start with heavy things like that box that’s just arrived. If you are to lift it on your own you squat down and put your arms round it. Then you lift using the muscles in your legs. You try it.”

Bethany did; the strain showing on her face. Harry was standing at Bethany’s 3 o’clock. Just as she was about to lift Harry saw a drop of his semen land on the floor below her.

“Okay, put it down, again, using your legs. Do not bend your back for heavy boxes. If there are 2 of you then squat down one on either side; okay?”

Bethany squat down and lowered the box to the floor.

“Right Bethany, now light things. Ladies pick up something light by standing in front of it, spreading their legs then bending at the waist. It’s best if you turn your back to anyone who’s there when you do that.”

“Why is that Harry, and why is it best for girls to do it that way? Should boys do it differently?”

“Yes Bethany; boys have things between their legs that means that it’s best if they do it a different way.”

“Okay boss.” Bethany replied; obviously not understanding or trying to work it out. If she had she would have realised that it was a load of crap. Harry just said it to so that she’d expose her butt and pussy whenever she picked anything up.

“Remember Bethany, your leg muscles are the strongest that you have so use them to lift heavy things, and never bend your back.”

“That box was really heavy Harry; I only just managed to pick it up. I think that I need to get some exercise.”


As soon as Bethany said that Harry had a vision of Bethany doing exercises in the storeroom; totally naked of course.

“Hmm,” Harry said, “maybe I could get you an exercise machine and you could build up your muscles when things are quiet.”

“That would be nice.” Bethany replied.



After some more computer training, where Harry rubbed his cock along Bethany’s slit, and letting Bethany loose on a couple of customers; Harry started to feel hungry. Telling Bethany that he usually went to the little sandwich shop just up the road, or occasionally to the McDonalds just down the road; both true; Bethany volunteered to go for them.

Harry gave Bethany some money and told her to go to the sandwich shop for something for both of them.

Bethany asked if she should get changed into her own clothes to go. Harry was just about to say yes but suddenly changed his mind. Although it would be great to see her naked (twice) as she changed, his second thought was to share her near nakedness with the people on the street and in the sandwich shop.

Bethany didn’t even think of what she was, or wasn’t, wearing as she stepped out of the door and nearly skipped down the street.


When she got back Harry told her that it was okay to eat, and drink, in the shop; but if a customer came in then she was to put the food and drink under the counter until the shop was empty again.  


Bethany immediately jumped up and sat on the counter, facing Harry, and started eating her sandwich. She didn’t cross her legs, in fact her knees were about a foot apart and Harry could easily see her bald pubes and the front of her slit.


Food finished, the next couple of hours were busy with customers, most of which Harry let Bethany at least start the sale. Harry kept smiling as he watched the customers staring at her tits and watching her as she went to get whatever was needed. They; and Harry obviously preferred it when she went round the front of the counter to get something. Even more so when she remembered what Harry had told her about picking something up from the bottom of the displays.


The rest of the day went slowly and quickly. Watching Bethany work, Harry realised that Bethany wasn’t the quickest of learner but she was certainly enthusiastic. What’s more, he’d already made a couple of sales that the customer hadn’t planned on and he was sure that word about the nearly naked girl would quickly spread and business would soon be booming.



Both of them were happy as Bethany took off her work clothes at the end of the day and gave Harry a blowjob before getting dressed to leave.



Now is probably a good time to describe the layout of the shop and storeroom. From the street you go into a room about 20 feet by 20 feet. In front of the wall facing you, and to the right is the sales counter. At the left of the back wall is a double door into the storeroom. Going through that door you are in a big room – the storeroom. On your right just through the double doors is Harry’s office, about 20 feet by 10 feet; on your left about 15 feet in, along the wall is the toilet. It needed to be there because of the plumbing. There are racks either side of the toilet.


That night Harry re-modelled the part of the storeroom on the left wall before the toilet. He worked out that he could easily move the racks to somewhere else  and install a shower and a small area for a workout machine and a rubber mat. Getting rid of the door between the shop and the storeroom would allow anyone standing at that side of the shop to see Bethany showering and working out. He also decided that he needed a small one-way glass windows between his office and the shop. He smiled as he thought about sitting in his office looking through the window and watching Bethany’s cute butt as she served customers.

Harry dug out the phone number of another of Bethany’s uncle’s friends that joined them for the weekly sessions, ready to phone him the next day.



Bethany was full of herself when she got home but Lucas and Chad weren’t as happy; they’d had to get the evening meal ready because their father had promised to come home early so that Bethany could tell him all about her new job. The brothers worked out that they just had the time to fuck her before their father got home; if all 3 of them finished getting the meal ready.

Bethany’s pussy was leaking both her brother’s semen as their father arrived home and they sat down to eat. Bethany’s food was cold by the time that she’d finished telling the 3 of them all (not quite all) about her day.



The next day Bethany again arrived for work early and was again waiting for Harry when he arrived. Harry decided that he needed to get her a key and teach her how the alarm worked.

Bethany started to get changed into her work clothes but when she was completely naked she turned and looked at Harry. Both stared at each other for a few seconds then Bethany lay on the sofa and said,

“Fuck me Harry.”


After that the day got off to a slow start. Harry got on the phone to Tim and when he told him what he was thinking of doing Tim promised to call round soon.


In between customers coming in, Harry spent more time teaching Bethany how to use the computer but she found it difficult to concentrate with Harry’s hands playing with her nipples and his cock in her pussy. They nearly got caught again when another customer came in and was promptly confused by the 2 rock hard nipples distracting him from what he actually wanted. After adjusting his trousers, Harry managed to get the man to buy the more expensive version of what he came in for.

The customer was happy, he’d enjoyed his purchase experience; Harry was happy because he’s managed to sell the customer a more expensive part than he’s originally wanted; and Bethany was happy on 2 counts; firstly, her pussy had just been fucked, and secondly, Harry was happy with her.


After another visit to the sandwich shop Bethany again sat on the counter to eat her sandwich. This time though, she sat with one foot up on the counter. Her reason for doing that was that she could feed her mouth with her left hand and slowly rub her clit whilst she was eating. She hadn’t even thought about the ball-aching view that she was giving Harry.

Bethany was still sat like that when Tim walked through the front door but as soon as she heard the automatic doorbell she jumped down and turned to welcome the customer. When she saw that it was Tim she ran round to him, put her arms round his neck and gave him a big kiss.

Tim eased her off him them held her at arm’s length while he looked her up and down. 

“Wow Bethany; look at you. Is this your work outfit then? I see that Harry’s looking after you. I bet that you were diddling your pussy when I came in weren’t you?” 

Bethany blushed and nodded her head as Tim lifted the front of her skirt and ran a finger along her slit. Lifting it up to her face, Tim let her look at her juices on his finger and just as she opened her mouth to suck his finger, Tim put it in his own mouth.

“Good for you girl; keep up the good work.”

 
Tim turned and walked over to Harry. As he approached him he said,

“You lucky bastard; right, let’s have a look at the job.”

Harry and Tim went into the storeroom leaving Bethany to finish her lunch and wait for the next customer.


Apart from 2 instances where Bethany had to come and ask Harry for help, Harry and Tim spent the next hour or so discussing Harry’s ideas. When they were done Harry went into the shop and sent Bethany to his office, telling her that Tim need her help for a few minutes.

Twenty minutes later Bethany walked back into the shop, fastening her skirt as she went through the door. 
    
Five minutes after that Tim walked back into the shop, told Harry that he’d be back in the morning to start the job, winked at Bethany and left.



Tim arrived at the shop the next morning, just after Harry had fucked Bethany. She was just starting to put her work clothes on when Tim came through from the shop followed by Harry.

“Bethany,” Harry said, “can you help Tim move things away from the area where the shower and workout area is going please?”

“Yeah, sure boss; err should I bother getting dressed then; I don’t want to get these dirty.” 

“Good idea Bethany.” Harry replied.


For the next hour Harry was on his own in the shop, and he occasionally heard Bethany squealing and moaning. Harry smiled, knowing that Tim was probably fucking her.

At one point Tim wanted Harry to see something so he sent Bethany to get him. She walked straight through the door into the shop, still totally naked, and had to stand there for a few seconds whilst Harry finished telling a customer about something. When Harry didn’t get an answer from the customer he looked up and saw that the man was staring at the naked Bethany.

Harry let the customer stare for a while then turned to Bethany and asked her what she wanted.  Bethany told Harry that Tim wanted to see him and Harry said,

“Hang on a minute; I’ll just finish serving this customer then I’ll be right with you; just wait there Bethany.” 

Serving that customer took at least twice the time it would have if Bethany hadn’t been standing there, totally naked and in full view of the customer.


Eventually the customer left and Harry and Bethany went to the storeroom where Tim told Harry more about how he was going to do the job. Harry was happy, Tim was happy, and Bethany hadn’t a clue what they were talking about. She just stood there, quite bored, with her right hand drifting to her pussy where her clit got a little more swollen.

When the conversation ended Harry looked at Bethany and asked Tim if he needed her any more.

“Regretfully no.” was the reply so Harry told her to put her work clothes on and join him in the front.

 
Things got back to normal in the front and Tim got on with the conversion in the back. At lunchtime Harry sent Bethany to the McDonalds for some take-out and the 3 of them sat in Harry’s office eating. Harry got Bethany to sit on the front edge of his desk while he and Tim sat on the sofa looking right up Bethany’s legs. I say right up because she sat with her knees about 18 inches apart and she occasionally flicked her clit or tweaked her nipples as she ate. Harry wondered if she did that when she was eating at home.


The afternoon saw Harry and Bethany busy in the shop and Tim made good progress with the new drains and a concrete plinth that would allow the water from the open shower to run down to the new drain.

Tim left before Harry and Bethany and Bethany asked Harry if she could give him a blowjob before she put her street clothes on.


Tim was a bit late in the next day, but the tiles, vanity unit and shower arrived and Harry got Bethany to help the delivery man unload them and take them into the storeroom. I’m not sure if Bethany was deliberately flashing the delivery man or not, but he certainly had a great view as she kept bending at the waist to pick up the smaller boxes from the tailgate which the driver had lowered to the ground.  


When Tim arrived he was happy that the concrete was dry enough for him to get on with the tiling, stopping only when Bethany got back from the sandwich shop.

Harry had to wait for his as the shop was busy and Bethany ate hers with her left hand because her right hand was busy working on her pussy. Tim watched her for a while then went and got a condom which soon got used for what it was intended.

The doors between the shop and the storeroom got replaced with hanging beads and the little window between the shop and Harry’s office got fitted that day as well.


Later that afternoon the rubber mats for Bethany’s workout area arrived and another delivery man got very uncomfortable in his trousers.



The following day Bethany let herself in with the new key that Harry had given her. She was using a dildo on herself on the sofa when Harry arrived. He soon replaced that with something very much more life-like.


The tiling got finished, the vanity unit got fitted and the rubber mats put in place that day. Tim borrowed Bethany for a while before he left, promising to see her on the Sunday at her uncle’s house.

At the end of the day Harry stood next to Bethany looking at the new area. Bethany was a bit confused by the lack of a curtain round the shower until Harry told her to treat it like the open showers at swimming pools. Bethany seemed happy with that, and when Harry explained that the hanging beads on the door opening would make it easier for them to go between the 2 rooms. She giggled and said that she’d be able to see through the shop and onto the street when she was having a shower.

“Oh yes; does that bother you?” Harry asked.

“Oh no, it means that I’ll be able to see all the people walking by and wonder where they are going.” 

She either didn’t realise that if she could see out then anyone passing by, or in the shop, would be able to see her having a shower, or doing her workout.



When Bethany got to work the next day the vanity unit was full of new towels and soaps, shampoo and conditioner.

“Feel free to have a shower whenever you want.” Harry said as he watched her strip and spread her legs ready to take Harry.



That afternoon the multi-gym unit arrived complete with a man to set it up and show someone how to use it. Harry told Bethany that as she would be the one using it she had better find out how to use it.

The man had got a big smile on his face, and a big bulge in his trousers, when he’d seen Bethany when he arrived, but when she stripped naked saying that she wouldn’t be wearing anything when she used it, the poor man nearly had an accident in his trousers. 

As they were about to start Harry had a brainwave. Running out to his car, he came back with a video camera and asked if Bethany or the man would mind if he recorded everything. Bethany was quite happy, saying that it would help her to remember everything that the man was telling her and showing her.

The man just didn’t care; he was getting to be close-up to a naked attractive young girl.

Harry setup the camera on some boxes and left them to it.


It was the longest demonstration that he’d ever given and it wasn’t helped by Bethany repeatedly asking him to go over parts of it again. He wasn’t sure if she was teasing him, just a bit thick, or what; but he didn’t care.

When he’d finally finished Bethany asked him if he knew any exercises that she could do on the mats that would make her more flexible and stronger.

It was 5 o’clock by then and Harry had closed the shop but he was quite happy to watch the man put Bethany into all sorts of positions on the mat. For some reason, all those positions involved Bethany stretching her legs wide.

It was going on for 7 o’clock when the man final left after giving Bethany his phone number and telling her to phone him if she had any questions or if she wanted him to go over anything again. By that time both Bethany and Harry were as horny as hell and Bethany pounced on Harry as soon as their eyes met.


Both Chad and Lucas complained to Bethany about having to get their own tea ready when she finally got home. To make up for it she went to both their rooms later and gave them a blowjob.



When Harry arrived at work the next morning he found a naked Bethany using the multi-gym. After watching her for a while, fucking her; then watching her in the shower; Harry had a chat with her and told her that she could use the multi-gym and do floor exercises whenever they weren’t busy. Fearing that business would boom and that they’d be busy all of the time, Harry told her that he’d make sure that she had at least one full hour per day.

Then he had another idea and he got Bethany to phone the man and ask him to come back because she’d forgotten how to do something. When Bethany asked him why, Harry told her that he’d heard that the man had another job as well; that he was a talent scout as well.

Bethany was so excited and phoned the man. When he came back the next afternoon Bethany made sure that he got to see every square inch of her. She also gave him a memory stick with all Lucas’s slideshows on.

What Harry didn’t tell Bethany was that the man was a talent scout for a kid’s football team.


The next time that Bethany was working out Harry went into the shop, and then outside onto the street to check that the view of Bethany working out and showering was as good as he’d expected. It was. Harry was pleased with his work and decided that he’d get a coffee vending machine installed on that side of the shop; and big screen TV put up on the wall. His idea being that for most of the day it would show the news, but when Bethany was working out or showering, he could switch it to show what 2 new cameras that he was going to install near the workout area would be capturing. 

When Bethany saw the workout area on the monitor she asked Harry if he’d record her doing her workout and showering, and post the video on YouTube. She told him that it would help to get her noticed and hopefully get her modelling career started.

What Bethany didn’t know was that Harry had got a third camera installed. It was under the serving counter and was aimed at pussy height, right where Bethany had decided to stand most of the time. That camera was only linked to Harry’s computer. He could sit at his desk looking at Bethany’s butt through the little windows that Tim had installed, and looking at her pussy on his monitor. He liked it best when Bethany was stood there when there were no customers because she often opened her legs a bit and played with her pussy. 



Over the next few months, sales did go up quite a lot and Bethany settled into a routine that meant that customers could predict when was the best time to go to the shop for a show. Bethany also got reasonably competent at her job as well.



Harry got Bethany to try various items of clothing at work; all of the skirts barely covered her butt and pussy and all the tops were see-through. Browsing the internet one day, Harry came across a dungarees bib micro dress. Of course it was intended to be worn over a T shirt but Harry imagined Bethany wearing nothing but the dress as she served the customers.

A couple of days later, when it arrived, Harry called Bethany into his office and gave her the dress to put on. She held it up and said,

“Wow, I’ve never had a dress like this before, it looks nice.”

Stripping then stepping in to it Bethany asked Harry to adjust the shoulder straps. He adjusted them until the hem was just covering her butt; then he went round the front of her. He looked her up and down, told her how nice she looked then unfastened the usual denim jeans metal fasteners and each side. As he let go of each side the flaps flopped over baring her hips.

“That’s better.” Harry said; then moved up to the bib. No adjustment was possible but as he moved it from side to side one of Bethany’s rock hard nipples popped out. Harry did that until Bethany asked him if he was trying to get her worked up. He laughed then said that the bib would do that as she moved around the shop.

He was right, the bib was just wide enough to cover both nipples when she just stood there but as soon as she moved, one or both of her nipples would pop out.

“Beautiful.”  Harry said; then went back down to the skirt part. Harry was happy that he had bought the right size because when he gently pulled the bottom of the bib out, he could see right into the sides and to her bald pubes.

Harry backed away to admire her. Bethany promptly did a twirl then said,

“Apart from the straps over my shoulders and the bib touching my boobies, I feel like I’ve got nothing on.”

Harry didn’t say anything but he was thinking that it was exactly the reaction and look that he wanted. He also decided to get back on the internet and order 2 more.


Harry was also right about Bethany’s movements doing her job getting her all excited. Her nipples kept rubbing against the sides of the bib as they slid in and out of cover. What’s more, the customers liked seeing one, and sometimes two, rock hard nipples on display. Harry had done a good job teaching Bethany how to make extra sales when the customer couldn’t concentrate on what they had originally wanted and she earned every penny that Harry was paying her.



Other things changed over the next few months; one was that Bethany got her first boyfriend, Owen. She met him one Sunday afternoon at her uncle’s house. His father, Dave, is one of her uncle’s friends and her uncle had agreed to let Owen go with his father to lose his virginity.

Bethany had spotted Owen as soon as he’d walked into the back garden. She was busy posing for yet more naked photographs and getting touched-up as the guys moved her from one pose to another.

When the blowjobs and fucking started Bethany had kept looking over to Owen hoping that he’d come for his turn. Eventually he did, but he only lasted for a few seconds before she felt his warm cum fill the condom. He apologised and went to the corner of the garden again.

When the guys had finished with her and were standing around drinking from bottles of beer; Bethany, still naked, went over to Owen who again apologised for not lasting very long. They got talking and after a while Bethany could see that his cock was getting hard. She slowly moved a hand over to it and held it outside his trousers. 

When Owen said that he was going to cum again Bethany quickly unzipped his trousers and got her mouth over his cock just before he came.

Swallowing every drop, Bethany kept sucking and it wasn’t long before Owen got hard again. This time Owen lasted longer before again filling her mouth.

After she’d licked his cock clean she put it back in his trousers and when Owen again apologised for not lasting she told him that all he needed was more practice and she offered to help him.


When he took her out a couple of nights later they went to a quiet carpark and fucked and sucked until it was time to go home. They got out of Owen’s car and fucked on a picnic bench. After they’d been at it for about an hour Bethany realised that they were being watched by a couple of men in the bushes. This seemed to make Bethany more eager and there was a new urgency for the naked Bethany to ride Owen cowgirl style so that the onlookers could see all of her body. Secretly she hoped that one of them would be a talent scout that would give her the big break that she craved. 


Over the next couple of dates Owen got a lot more confident and told her that he really liked her and that he loved the way she dressed. Apparently, word about her workwear had got round and Owen asked to see her in it. 

Bethany invited Owen to pick her up from work one night and on the appointed night Bethany had asked Harry if she could wear her dungaree dress for her date. After fucking her, Harry agreed and told her to enjoy her evening.

Meanwhile, Owen was getting very confident with Bethany and not only liking the way that she dressed (or not), but dreaming about taking her places to show her off. He decided that jealousy was not for him, he was proud of her and her body, and he wanted to world to see what they were missing. He started taking her to public places quite a lot; just so that people could see how lucky he was.


Bethany invited Owen to meet her brothers and father and they all had a very pleasant evening watching the slideshows of Bethany’s body’s develop over the years. As the men were watching the slideshow Bethany was sat next to Owen, idly diddling her clit; yes, she’d not bothered putting any clothes on for Owen’s visit.

Bethany’s family approved of Owen and he became a regular visitor at her home, and the shop. He liked going there when Bethany was working out and listening to the comments from the other guys that had gone to the shop either to buy something, or just stand there, drinking coffee and watch her. He was proud of her and her body. 


It was a different story when Owen took Bethany to meet his parents. For starters, Owen asked her to wear something under her bib dungarees dress; he told her that his mother was a prude, so she wore one of the see through T shirts that Harry had bought her. Owen also asked Bethany not to mention her uncle or the photography and ‘fun’ sessions; and that his father would pretend that he was meeting her for the first time.

Bethany was quite nervous when she and Owen walked into his parent’s home. They saw his mother first; she looked Bethany up and down and said a very polite hello, but Bethany, and Owen, could tell that she wasn’t impressed. Going through her mind was her disappointment that her son had a girlfriend that dressed like a tramp, a slut.

Then it was to Owen’s father; he stepped forward and shook her hand. While he was saying hello, he winked at her and made her smile.

When they went and sat on the sofa Owen whispered to Bethany telling her to cross her legs. He wasn’t bothered about his father seeing up her skirt to her bald pubes but he was sure that his mother wouldn’t approve. 


Shortly after that Owen’s younger sister, Aria, walked in. When Owen introduced her, Aria said,

“Wow, I like the outfit.”

That made Bethany relax a bit and she remembered seeing Aria at school. Aria was 2 years behind Bethany.


The whole conversation over tea was quite un-nerving for Bethany and when Owen’s mother and Aria were in the kitchen washing the pots there were 2 conversations going on and Bethany could hear both. In the kitchen Owen’s mother was telling Aria that Bethany was a slut, that her dress was obscenely short and that she obviously wasn’t wearing bra because everyone could see most of her breasts. Aria was defending Bethany saying that Bethany was just wearing what most girls wore these days; it was fashion and that her mother was out of touch with the younger generation.


Meanwhile, both Owen and his father were telling Bethany to ignore Owen’s mother; Aria was right. They also kept telling Bethany that she looked great, perhaps a little over-dressed but nice and cute and beautiful.

Bethany chose to ignore what Owen’s mother had said and even decided to let her see that she wasn’t wearing any knicker either. When Owen’s mother came back into the lounge Bethany un-crossed her legs and let her knees drift apart a bit. She also stopped adjusting the bib on her dress so that one of her nipples was often on show through the see through T shirt.

Owen’s mother must have got a look up Bethany’s skirt because at one point Bethany saw the woman’s eyes open wide and her jaw drop. Bethany giggled a bit and Owen squeezed her hand. Bethany felt more relaxed after that; she’d got her revenge on the miserable prude.  


When Owen’s mother left the room to get something, Aria said that she liked Bethany’s outfit and asked her where she got it. All Aria could say was ‘Wow’ when Bethany told her that they were her work clothes and that her boss had bought them for her.


Shortly after that Owen made their apologies and they left; only for Owen to take Bethany to a quiet carpark where they fucked like rabbits – again. 


  
Another thing that changed a few months down the line was that Harry had another brainwave; he wanted to have Bethany in a high state of arousal while she was serving customers. Of course the regular fucking and blowjobs that he got during the day, and the workouts and showers when being watched by male customers, had her simmering on low all day but Harry wanted her to be right on the edge when she was in front of male customers that she hadn’t seen before.

Harry got on the internet and after a bit of googling, he ordered a remote controlled vibrating egg.

When it arrived he couldn’t wait to get it inside Bethany’s pussy and give her a different type of workout.

Bethany looked puzzled as Henry held it up in front of her.

“What’s that for Harry? Most people have plastic fruit on display what the hell’s one egg for?”

“Get on your back on the sofa and spread those sexy legs and I’ll show you girl.”

Of course Bethany did just that without even thinking. As Harry pressed the egg into her she gasped but once in she said,

“Okay, I feel a bit full, but isn’t that going to stop you fucking me?”

Harry answered her by switching the egg on for a couple of seconds with the remote control.

“Fucking hell Harry; what the fuck’s happening?” Bethany said as her right hand shot to her pussy and cupped it.

“Relax girl; you’re going to like this.”

Harry switched egg back on and left it set to low.

“Ooow Harry, that’s nice; are you controlling that egg thing with that little box?”


Just then the automatic doorbell rang and Harry told her to go and serve the customer.

Harry watched her through the little window and on his computer as she served the customer. As she was ringing-up the sale Harry watched her squirm and move her butt from side to side. That was Harry’s que to turn the vibe up to full.

As soon as he did he heard Bethany moan, then the customer asking her if she was okay.

Harry watched with a smile on his face as Bethany orgasmed right in front of the man who just stared at her, not sure that he was seeing what he thought he was seeing.

When Bethany was able she apologised to the man but didn’t say what caused her sudden lack of self-control.


Harry kept Bethany very aroused for the rest of the day; but stopped short of making her cum again; except for when she was on her back on the workout machine; he just couldn’t resist making her cum again. On her part, Bethany was in the back and she thought she was alone so she didn’t hold back on the moans and expletives; all of which were heard on the monitor in the shop; and on Harry’s recording on his PC.


That evening after they’d closed the shop, Bethany stripped then asked Harry to fuck her. Harry reminded her that she had the egg inside her pussy so she lay on the sofa, opened her legs wide and asked Harry to take it out. Harry did then he fucked her. 

Afterwards she said that she’d loved feeling very horny all afternoon. Harry grinned then said that he’s see what he could arrange. He also told her that he’d teach her how to squeeze the egg out herself. Bethany’s response was to say that she loved it when he took it out.


The next morning, after they’d fucked, Harry explained what Kegel exercises were and got her to try it. He loved watching her pussy contract and relax as she got used to doing it. Harry told her that she should do it whenever she had nothing else to do.

That lunchtime Harry got Bethany to spread her legs and he gently eased the egg into her pussy.
