Lucy's Desires
bylauralifeisshort©

Lucy's Desires Ch. 01

Lucy and her older cousin, Nick, were always close. Nick was more than a year older, but they pretty much grew up together and as teenagers they were the family "babysitters" for younger cousins and other neighborhood kids. Nick was physically mature and tall, eventually growing to 6'5" by the time he graduated from college, and he was a popular athlete at his school. So it was inevitable that Nick had some sexual energy toward his pretty cousin. Things started with Nick convincing Lucy to take off her clothes in front of Nick after the kids were asleep. But, unsurprisingly, things escalated.

The third or fourth time Lucy got naked, Nick said that seeing her "got him hard." Lucy knew what that meant, and she had even touched a boy there while making out at summer camp, but she had never seen an erect penis. Nick asked Lucy if he could touch himself while looking at her. Lucy wanted Nick to be happy, so she agreed and got to see her first hard penis. Lucy realized later that Nick was well-hung but she had nothing to compare him to at the time.

When Nick began to masturbate, he told Lucy that seeing her body made him "horny" and he needed "some relief." Soon, Nick was coming into a towel and Lucy saw a boy cum for the first time, which was a powerful experience for Lucy. She was both aware of, and intrigued by, the effect her body had on Nick and his cock.

A few months into their play sessions, Nick "forgot the towel" and surprised Lucy by spraying his cum on Lucy's stomach. He apologized but Lucy was very excited by how obviously turned on Nick was doing that, and after that night Nick never brought a towel. The next few times Lucy felt Nick's warm, sticky cum on her tummy and breasts, then on her breasts and neck, and even a few spurts on her face.

Meanwhile, Lucy was dating more, making out, and letting boys touch her breasts, but she went no further with her dates. Nick was a different story; on Valentine's Day, Lucy touched Nick for the first time and stroked him until he came all over her belly and crotch. She watched Nick's eyes get as big as saucers when she spread the goo around and through her silky pubic hair. After that, Lucy began to please some dates with her hand, nd she was excited by how the boys desperately wanted her to touch them that way. She also realized that Nick had a big cock compared to other boys her age.

A month or so later, Lucy surprised Nick by leaning over and taking his cock in her mouth, her first time giving head. Nick was so excited that he lasted about 20 seconds before exploding all over Lucy's breasts. Lucy immediately realized that a blow job gave her even more power over a boy than her hand ever could. It wasn't long until one of her dates was the first boy ever to cum in Lucy's mouth, and Lucy felt a twinge between her legs as she managed to swallow his load.

Lucy was popular with the boys at school, but playing with Nick still excited her. They babysat together less, though, and Nick sensed that Lucy was experimenting with other boys. One night, Nick told her to sit naked in a bedroom window that faced the street. Each time a car came down the winding road the headlights shone on the front of the house and Nick told Lucy that the people probably could see her. Lucy protested a little, but her heart was beating fast and her stomach churned in excitement at the thought of people seeing her naked.

Lucy also liked that Nick almost ordered her to sit in the window. After about 10 minutes, Nick began to masturbate and told Lucy to get on all fours on the floor before he came all over her back and ass. It was as exciting as anything Lucy could remember. She didn't know it then, but the experience had unleashed Lucy's inner exhibitionist and would shape some of her most intense sexual experiences and fantasies.

While Lucy was lost in her thoughts on all fours, covered with Nick's cum, Nick shocked her by saying "I told my friend Brett about what we do." Lucy immediately was overcome by a mix of embarrassment and horror, but also sexual arousal.

"What? What did he say?" was all a trembling Lucy could muster as she looked up at Nick.

Nick looked at Lucy intently and could see the anxiety on her face. "He asked if he could come over some time and see you like that," Nick said, still looking at Lucy.

Lucy's heart skipped a beat. She knew that she should say she was angry and that that was not going to happen. But the pulsing in her pussy betrayed her true desire. Her thoughts were jumbled, and Lucy did not want to disappoint Nick.

She could hardly believe it when she heard herself say, "What did you tell him?"

Nick smiled the tiniest of smiles and responded, "I told him I thought you would say ok, but I needed to check with you." Lucy was shocked and a little confused as a small orgasm welled up in here tummy and washed over her body. She also wondered where all of this was going.

Her ears were ringing as Nick, beginning to get dressed, said "I guess I couldn't keep you for myself forever."


Lucy's Desires Ch. 02

Two days after Lucy's birthday, her cousin Nick called to say he wanted Lucy to come over to Nick's house on the following Saturday, because his parents and two younger sisters were away at a soccer tournament. It was kind of an unusual request because they went to different schools and didn't hang out much other than when babysitting But Lucy agreed, figuring Nick would have some alcohol and weed. Just before they hung up, though, Nick said, "I invited Brett over too. We'll have fun."

Now the call made sense, and the realization made Lucy shudder A few weeks earlier, Nick had told his friend Brett about how Lucy got naked for Nick and let him jerk off onto her, and Nick got Lucy to agree to let him invite Brett to participate So Lucy's mind was racing, knowing what Nick had arranged. "You're still good, right Luce?" Nick asked.

"Yeah," Lucy responded robotically, as she felt herself getting flushed. "I'm still good."

"Great, because Brett hasn't been able to breathe since I told him you would come over on Saturday," Nick laughed. Lucy's heart was beating fast and her stomach fluttered at the thought of what they were discussing: specifically, Lucy stripping naked and letting Nick and his friend look at her and masturbate. She was used to Nick seeing her naked and playing with himself, but having another boy there suddenly made her nervous. She also wondered if Nick had anything else planned. "Can't wait cuz," Nick added before hanging up.

As Lucy drove to Nick's house on Saturday, she was almost in a trance. She wondered if this was really happening and whether she was going to go through with it. But she knew it was, and she knew she was not going to back out. In fact, even though Lucy was shaking, she had to admit she was very turned on by the thought of what was going to happen.

Nick was outside by the pool when Lucy arrived and he poured her a gin and tonic. They chatted and he lit a joint. After just two puffs, Lucy was high and Nick was pouring her a second drink. "You look hot today Luce," Nick said, making Lucy blush a little. She knew she had spent a full half-hour before deciding on a purple halter, no bra, white jean shorts and strappy platform sandals.

"Brett owes me big time," Nick added, noticing Lucy's expression change when he mentioned Brett's name.

"He sure does," Lucy said, not able to think of anything else to say.

"He'll be here in a few minutes. Go in my room and get ready," Nick told her. She liked it when Nick told her what do, especially when he was telling her to take off her clothes. When Lucy stood up, the reality of what was happening made her lightheaded. "You're ok, right? Nick said, more a statement than a question.

"Yeah, I'm ok," was all Lucy could muster. She smiled, turned, and headed into the house and into Nick's bedroom.

Closing the door behind her, Lucy took a deep breath and looked at herself on the full-length mirror on the back of the door. She noticed that her nipples were visible through her halter top, always a possibility when she wasn't wearing a bra. She thought about Nick seeing her like that and her hand moved to caress her boobs under the thin material. Lucy reached back to untie the knot at her neck and she let her top fall away, baring her perky tits and perfect nipples. She spun the halter around, untied the other knot, and tossed the halter on Nick's bed. She then unbuttoned and unzipped her white jean shorts and wriggled them down and off, leaving her in her white thong and platform sandals.

Lucy felt sexy, and she loved the feeling of wearing heels or platforms with little or no clothes. She heard a car pull up to the house and peeked out the window to see Brett get out of his car and head toward the backyard pool. She knew it wouldn't be long before Brett was going to see her nude and she was going to see his cock and Nick's too. Lucy liked the idea that Brett was going to get hard just looking at her body.

Sill looking in the mirror, Lucy peeled down her panty and pulled it off over her shoes. She smiled at the sight of her trimmed pussy, on which she spent a more than a half hour the night before, all the while imaging Nick and Brett looking at her. She thought about leaving her shoes on, but decided not to change the routine. So she reached down to unbuckle her shoes and slip them off, setting them aside neatly half under Nick's bed. Now completely naked, Lucy sat on the floor and then laid down on her back alongside Nick's bed, just like she had done many times in other bedrooms where she and Nick were babysitting. She closed her eyes and thought about what was about to happen. A few minutes later, she heard Nick and Brett approaching the room, and when the door opened Lucy closed her eyes.

Lucy felt the now-familiar mix of embarrassment, excitement, shame, and sexual arousal that came with laying completely naked in front of a boy. But the feelings were more intense than she had felt before. And, her heart jumped when she heard Brett say, "Oh fuck, no fuckin' way Nick."

"I told you, dude, my cousin is the hottest thing ever," Nick said, as both boys stood looking down at Lucy.

"Fuck, she is. I get it now. Her tits are perfect, and look at that blonde muff." Brett said. The boys talking about her as if she wasn't there sent a wave of sexual electricity through Lucy's body. It was hot to know that Nick wasn't the only boy who was hypnotized by her body.

"That's why I can't help jacking off," Nick responded as the two boys moved alongside Lucy's prone body and looked down at her. Lucy opened her eyes, looked up at Nick, and watched his eyes scour her body. Then she looked toward Brett who was staring at her breasts. When he made eye contact with Lucy, her body tingled as she wondered what he was thinking about her.

"Hey Lucy," Brett said awkwardly.

"Hi Brett," Lucy said. Saying his name sent another jolt through Lucy's midsection.

Nick moved around to stand by Lucy's feet, which was his unspoken request for Lucy to spread her legs. Lucy bent her knees and spread her feet apart flat on the floor, giving Nick a view of her pussy. "Oh yeah, check this out dude," Nick sighed. Lucy glanced quickly at Brett who was beside himself and who moved to where Nick was. Lucy closed her eyes again and felt the pure excitement of displaying herself to Brett.

"Oh G-d," was all Brett said and Nick chuckled.

Lucy heard a belt being unbuckled and a zipper pulled down, and she forced herself to keep her eyes closed. But the second zipper was too much, so she opened her eyes to see both Nick and Brett with their pants and underwear pulled down and their cocks in their hands. She looked back and forth at them and noticed that Brett's face had almost a pained expression as he slowly stroked himself. Lucy saw that Nick was already oozing some pre-cum and she fought off a desire to sit up and taste it. Nick got on his knees next to Lucy and his free hand ran up her belly to her breasts before Nick leaned over and rubbed his cockhead on Lucy's nipple. That was more aggressive than Nick usually was, but Lucy liked it.

"Your turn buddy," Nick said as he moved down Lucy's body, still on his knees. Lucy felt her body tingle as Brett knelt where Nick had been. He and Lucy locked eyes and Brett's hand went to Lucy's breasts, squeezing one than the other. He kept looking at her with almost glazed eyes as he rolled her nipples between his thumb and finger. Still looking at Brett, the squishing sounds of him jerking off let Lucy knew Brett was leaking pre-cum too.

After a minute or so, Nick said, "Help him Luce, like you help me sometimes." Lucy shuddered at again being told what to do, and her left hand reached over to cradle and caress Brett's balls.

"Oh fuckkkk," Brett moaned and his hand moved faster up and down his thick cock.

"I know, I love that too," Nick said, now stroking himself faster.

Lucy knew Brett was getting excited because his hand stopped squeezing her tits and just rested on her. He closed his eyes and when he opened them his eyes were rolled back in his head. It wasn't long before Lucy heard Brett moan, "Oh fuck, yeah, oh god damnit." Lucy squeezed Brett's balls a little tighter to make sure he didn't turn away, and she turned her body a little toward him. Brett got the message and he directed his cum toward Lucy, leaning over her and spraying his seed on her chest, neck, and ribs.

As Lucy felt the last spurt from Brett on her body, she heard Nick groan, "Oh fuck Luce," and a jet of spunk landed on her belly, followed by another and then one on her trimmed bush. The last landed squarely in her belly button. Lucy realized she was still cradling Brett's testicles as she felt her cousin's sperm cover her. Lucy looked up to see Brett looking at her as if she was the sexiest woman on earth. She smiled and her hand caressed his semi-hard cock once before letting him go.

Nick scooped up some of his cum on his finger and brought it to Lucy's mouth. She obediently opened her lips and sucked on Nick's finger. Brett watched wide-eyed until Nick said, "Go ahead, she likes it."

Brett scooped up some of his goo and fed it to Lucy. "Holy shit," Brett muttered. Then he went back and scooped up more before putting it in Lucy's mouth again.

"You fuckin' owe me dude," Nick laughed. "Big time." Nick looked at Lucy and said to no one in particular, "My cousin is the best."

The boys buckled up and went back outside to smoke some more, leaving Lucy laying there with two loads of cum slowly inching across her body. They were only gone a minute before Lucy's hand moved between her legs to find her throbbing clit.


Lucy's Desires Ch. 03

Three weeks after Nick invited Brett to join in their play session, Lucy and Nick were babysitting again. After the last little one fell asleep, Nick went into the master bedroom where Lucy was already laying naked on the floor. As he masturbated, Nick told Lucy it was "hot" that she let Brett see her just because Nicked asked. He then asked Lucy if she liked having Brett see her, and Lucy nodded. "Would you like to try something really hot Luce?" Nick asked. When Lucy looked at him quizzically, Nick laid out a plan that was both exciting and scary. It clearly excited Nick a lot, and when Lucy agreed he quickly got himself off and sprayed his seed on her neck, shoulder, and chest.

The plan was set for the following Saturday night. Before taking a shower, Lucy opened the blind on a bedroom window that looked out on some thick bushes. Nick told Lucy that he had arranged for a few of his friends to join him "spying on" Lucy. Of course, Lucy knew the boys would be there, and Nick knew that Lucy knew. But the other boys thought they were secretly peeking in her window. Lucy took a long shower and was aroused thinking about what she was going to do. She got out of the shower, toweled her hair, and headed to her room with a towel around her head and one around her body.

In her bedroom, Lucy turned off the overhead light and turned on a bedside lamp that lit the room nicely. As it was dark outside, Lucy could not see clearly out the window but the boys could easily see in. She dropped her towel and walked around the room naked, knowing that a bunch of boys were watching her. Trying to look casual, she stood by her dresser, combing her hair. Even though the boys did not have a direct view, she knew they could see a lot of her bare bottom.

Lucy then grabbed a hairbrush and a bottle of moisturizer and sat on her bed cross-legged, directly facing the window. The boys now had a direct view of her boobs and her pubic mound. Lucy started brushing her hair, raising her hands high above her head, lifting and thrusting out her breasts. She knew she was showing herself wantonly to a horny group of boys, even though she didn't know how many or who they were. And those thoughts excited her. (Nick later told her there were five guys other than him, but he never said who they were).

After several minutes of hair brushing Lucy began to apply moisturizer to her skin, starting with her arms but moving to her boobs. She caressed each, applying the cream and playing with her nipples and making them erect. Then she spread lotion over her flat belly, slowly rubbing it in. Lucy's head was spinning from the excitement and anticipation, and from pleasing Nick, so she decided to make the most of the experience.

Lucy squirted some lotion on her right thigh and laid back flat on the bed, lifting her leg straight up so she could rub the lotion into her skin. Lucy was shaking because she knew that the boys were looking directly at her down-covered vagina and her bum hole. When the lotion was rubbed in, Lucy was afraid to sit up for fear of looking at the window to try to see the boys. So, she lowered her right leg, bent the knee and put her foot flat on the bed, before lifting her left leg and applying lotion to that thigh. This position exposed Lucy even more, and it excited her more too.

She wanted very much to spread her legs wide open, showing herself completely, and to have all the boys cum on her. But she managed to resist that urge and rub in the lotion. After a minute, Lucy lowered her leg and laid still with both legs bent and feet planted on the bed. Lucy made sure, though, that her legs were far enough apart that she was completely exposed to the boys outside her window. After a minute, Lucy's hand gently caressed her breasts and she was treated to a small, but powerful orgasm. She wondered if the boys could see any sign of her cumming. Nick later told Lucy that all but two of the boys had cum by that point.

Lucy took a minute to gather her thoughts before she sat up to apply the moisturizer to the rest of her legs and her feet. She again bent her knees and rested her feet on the bed as she applied the lotion to each calf and shin. She adjusted her position to expose herself as much as possible without being obvious. She lingered over each foot, taking the time to moisturize each toe as she imagined the boys looking at her and stroking themselves. She learned later that the last two boys got off while Lucy was massaging her feet.

When she was finished, Lucy rolled over to reach into her nightstand, giving her audience a clear view of her ass. She took out a small diary and sat up in her bed, her legs spread, and pretended to write. After a few minutes, Lucy decided to tease the boys one last time. She closed her eyes and her hand slid down to caress her pussy. After just a few seconds, though, Lucy reached over to turn off the lamp, plunging the room into darkness before her hand moved back between her legs.


Lucy's Desires Ch. 04

Lucy was chilling at home during her college spring break. Her boyfriend was a sophomore at a different school and was traveling with the baseball team, so Lucy could not visit him and she decided just to hang out at home. One afternoon, after a run, she came home to find her younger brother Jake and his friend Greg playing video games. The aroma of a joint the boys had smoked hung in the air.

Lucy smiled to herself at the way Greg watched her move around in her tiny shorts and sweaty t-shirt that clung to her body. She saw in a small mirror that the house A/C had made her nipples hard and very visible even through her sports bra. The poor kid was obviously in lust with Lucy, and she always teased him mercilessly. After about ten minutes, Lucy announced she was going to shower and take a nap. Her brother grunted something unitelligible, and Greg's eyes glazed over surely thinking about Lucy in the shower.

After a long shower, Lucy brushed out her long blonde hair and tied a towel around her before heading to her bedroom. She made a detour to the living room, though, to ask her bother when their mom was getting home, even though she knew the answer. But Lucy was focused on Greg, whose eyes went wide when he saw Lucy in only a white towel that showed cleavage at the top and covered only a few inches of her legs. To Lucy, he seemed to be praying for the knot between her breasts to come undone. "OK, guys, I'm going to take a nap. Behave yourselves," Lucy teased. She could feel Greg's pleading eyes on her ass and legs as she turned and walked away.

In her bedroom, Lucy dropped the towel on her bed and brushed her hair again, standing naked in front of her dresser mirror. She glanced at the clock which read 3:10. Going back to her introduction to sexual things by an older cousin, Lucy enjoyed being naked and thought often about how boys tried to see her boobs or up her skirt. She liked to tease guys when she had the chance, like she had done to poor Greg, and she fantasized often about being watched or seen by boys when she was undressed. She laid on her bed naked and the bed cover felt cool against her body. She closed her eyes and imagined a group of strange boys watching her, a thought that always excited Lucy.

After a few minutes, Lucy nodded off. Her light sleep was interrupted by the sound of someone at her bedroom door. The door always stuck a little and made a squeak when it opened, and that was what Lucy heard. She noticed the clock was 3:34, so she hadn't been sleeping long. In her room, she could not see the door from her bed; the door opened to about four feet of an entry area until you reached the bedroom. Lucy was aware of being naked, so she eyed the towel on the edge of her bed and listened. There was whispering and she heard Greg say, "C'mon man, just for like a minute."

Her brother responded, but Lucy couldn't make out what he said. Then she heard someone creeping into the room. Lucy's heart skipped a beat and she decided to pretend she was sleeping. The footsteps reached the room and Lucy had to force herself not to peek. She heard her brother Jake say, "C'mon dude, you got to see her. Let's get out of here."

But Greg responded in a whisper, "Fuck, man, just another minute." Lucy knew they were both looking at her naked body. She turned a little more on her side, giving the boys a view of both of her breasts, her tummy, and her trimmed bush. She struggled to keep her eyes closed and to quiet the butterflies fluttering in her stomach.

Then Lucy heard her brother say, "Dude, what the fuck?"

Greg said, "I can't help it; she's so hot Jake." Lucy realized from what she was hearing that Greg was masturbating, standing just a few feet away and looking at her naked body. Lucy was so turned on that she thought she was going to scream. Instead, she managed to toss and turn a little more in her "sleep"so that her legs opened a little and her tits pushed into clearer view. It wasn't long before she heard the sounds of both boys masturbating, which made her flush with heat, and Lucy felt her pussy getting wet.

Lucy heard Greg say "I get it dude, this is so fucking hot." Jake just groaned in response.

Time was running slowly. Lucy resisted the deepening urge to open her eyes to see the boys looking at her and jerking off. She had no idea how long it was until she heard one boy grunt and start to cum and then she heard the other lose control almost immediately after that. Lucy couldn't even tell who started coming first. But the sounds of them trying to keep quiet as their cocks erupted was a huge turn on for Lucy.

After a moment she heard them sneak out of her room, and she heard Greg say, "Buddy, thanks, she's the hottest thing ever. Sorry I made a mess."

Lucy smiled and waited until after the door was pulled closed before she opened her eyes. She was trembling and was unmistakably wet between her legs. She waited another minute to get out of bed to inspect two gobs of ejaculate she saw on the wood floor next to the throw rug where Greg was standing. She scooped them with her finger, rubbed Greg's jism on her breasts and stuck her finger in her mouth. Lucy then saw another splash of cum on the floor. She didn't know for sure who it came from, but it was closer to where she imagined Jake was standing. Lucy smeared the goo on her tummy.

Lucy was tingling and wanted desperately to walk out into the house completely naked, but she forced herself to climb back into bed. This time she slipped under the covers, where she relived the boys' visit and brought herself to a satisfying orgasm before drifting off to sleep. She slept soundly until her mom woke her for dinner.
