A World of My Choosing
 
An Out-of-this-World Story by
Gil Gamesh

Chapter Fifteen

 I want to try to answer your questions.

 Why now? I asked, genuinely surprised.

David, when you told me about killing all those guys, those seven jihadists and then al-Badr and those other guys, I was afraid of you. I mean I was really afraid. I thought if I told you what you wanted to know, you might get mad enough to kill me too. Then when James arrived, I saw a different you - a kind and gentle and caring man. And when we played together the other night and I had more fun than Ive ever had, I saw another side of you  a fun-loving kid. You may be a warrior and a big man but youre really just a kid like me and James. I think youll be a good leader for us and do your best to protect us. I made a big mistake by not answering your questions when you first asked me. You just need to know my story so you can understand why I didnt want to tell you.

I managed to stay calm while we ate our evening meal. When I suggested that James should see Aimee for another lesson, he grinned and ran out of the kitchen.

Aimee, would you keep James occupied for a while? Iain asked. You can give him another lesson in sex and show him another sexy movie. Im going to tell David something he wants to know.

Yes, Iain, Aimee answered from somewhere. May I listen to what you tell David or do you want privacy?

You may listen, Aimee, he said. Perhaps you would like to know what I tell David.

I hung up the pots and pans we had used for supper and turned towards Iain. He and I walked over to one of the tables and sat down facing each other.

I think I can answer most of your questions, David, he started. Just dont sidetrack me with too many questions. Ive been trying to organize everything in my mind and maybe I can tell you what you want to know.

I nodded in the affirmative.

Suddenly I heard something out in the hallway and I knew that it had to be James. I held up my hand to stop Iain from telling his story and then held one finger to my lips. I closed my eyes and let the cool response enhance my hearing. I heard something again and I knew James was listening.

You can come back, James, I said. Iains about to tell me something Ive wanted to know since I came here. Perhaps he wont mind if you hear his story if you dont start asking questions.

He quietly came back in the dining area and sat down beside me. As usual, I put one arm over his shoulders and hugged him against me. I looked at Iain to see what he wanted to do.

You can stay, James, he said. Just dont ask me any questions until I get through. Ive got my story organized in my mind and I dont want any interruptions.

OK, he said, but may I say something before you start?

Iain nodded ascent. James looked at me so I nodded too.

Please dont cut me out when you guys talk about important stuff, he said. I want to know why Im here just as much as David does. I may be just a kid but Im not a dummy. I know when to keep my mouth shut and when to open it. I joke a lot but I can be serious too.

Youre right, James, Iain said. I apologize. Its just that Ive got a lot of stuff organized in my mind and I dont need any distractions.

OK, James said, and mimicked zipping up his lips.

Iain started. First I need you two to understand some stuff about this universe. Im not a physicist or a cosmologist like my dad and granddad. I didnt get that gene from them. I got a love of music gene from my mother. Anyway, this is roughly the way my granddad explained it to me.

First, theres Earth and the other planets revolving around the sun. The sun is just one of a multitude of stars in the galaxy called the Milky Way. Then that galaxy is part of a local group of galaxies and the local group is part of a super cluster of galaxies. There are lots of super galaxies. Beyond that is the edge of the known universe. Are you with me so far?

Yeah, Ive done a little reading about cosmology, I answered. It blows your mind, doesnt it?

Yes, but just wait for the next step. This universe is just one of multiple universes and they all seem to exist in the same time-space. The planet were on now is just another Earth, existing in a parallel universe to the one of your Earth. Its almost identical, except that human beings havent evolved on this planet. Thats what is really mind-blowing.

I dont understand that but go ahead.

There are lots of different forces at work in each universe, David. Some are attractor forces which pull things together, like gravity, and some are detractor forces which keep things apart. Theres a detractor force which normally keeps the multiple universes apart.

I nodded. Go on.

Imagine two soap bubbles floating in the air and assume theres some force which keeps them apart. Imagine lots of soap bubbles. Now assume each soap bubble is a universe. This is not really the way it is because in reality all the universes exist in the same time-space. Theres just some force which keeps them apart.

Now imagine that the detractor force can be manipulated on a tiny scale in one universe. If it can be eliminated in one universe, say universe A, just the tiniest bit for just a split second, the attractor force of another universe, say universe B, will draw part of universe A toward it.

He looked at me with a questioning expression on his face. At first I wasnt sure where his story was going and then it dawned on me and I knew.

Youre saying thats what happened to me, arent you? I asked. Youre saying something here drew me from my universe.

His facial expression changed to a big smile. Yes, David, and it drew me too.  And James.

James was nodding his head occasionally but he remained quiet.

OK, how do they do it? I asked. How did they draw us here?

Whats behind the door at the end of the hallway, David, the one you wont let James and me enter?

There are three pieces of machinery or equipment. Theres a big monster on the left with no opening, no visible controls, no dials or stuff like that. I dont see any way to get into it and I dont know what it does. Its the biggest piece of equipment in there.

What else is there?

At the back of the room theres more equipment. I think its the source of our power and our air flow and our water and maybe some other things. It has pipes and wiring going through it. I cant get into it either but I can hear it humming and I can hear water moving.

OK, what else?

On the right, theres another huge piece of equipment. It has a monitor like the one in Aimees room but I cant get it to respond. Maybe its like a computer but, if it is, its like none Ive ever seen.

OK, heres whats in there. On the left side is the device which brought you here and put you in Aimees chair. In Ireland, theres a town called Graystones, on the East coast below Dublin. Near Graystones, theres a huge old house that has been there for hundreds of years. It has 43 rooms. Ive lived there for four years. In what was the ballroom, there is another device like the one here. Im not a scientist but I know theres some way the device can lock onto you no matter where you are. Once its activated, it eliminates the detractor force surrounding you and that picks you up in one universe and puts you down in another.

 Whats the piece of equipment at the back of the room? I still think its the power supply for us and anything that helps to provide us with a comfortable place to live. Is that right?

I havent seen it but I think youre right. 

Whats on the right?

Thats the library. Thats where all of Aimees knowledge is stored. It has trillions of books and music and all sorts of knowledge from your Earth in it. 

And thats where Aimee is.

Yes, David, it is. I wish she was real but shes not.

Youre wrong, Iain. Shes real to me and I want her to stay that way.

Shes real to me too, Iain, James interjected for the first time. Please dont try to tell me shes not.

OK. She certainly seems real to me too, Iain said. Maybe she is.

Of course, Im real, Iain, Aimee said, from a side of the dining area to my right. As usual, my reflexes made me look in that direction. I exist in my own universe and its as real as the one in which you exist. Im having a lot of fun learning about you three guys. Now, go on with your story. Its fascinating.

I apologize to you, Aimee, Iain said, shaking his head. 

Apology accepted, Aimee said.

But why is that library here? I asked.

David, this is where it gets hard to believe. Im not from your planet Earth. Im from a planet Earth in another parallel universe that is inhabited by humans just like you. Thats where the machine that holds Aimees library came from. Its like a giant computer except that it doesnt have any moving parts and should last forever. Its primary purpose is to preserve as much of your Earths knowledge as possible. I think Aimees primary purpose is to act as an avatar, a human face to the computer to make all the knowledge more accessible to us.

Well, why are you here with us?

David, my grandfather was the first to be transported from our planet Earth in our universe to your planet Earth in your universe. Then a group of people went to help him study your world. He stayed three years and then came back. Then my parents, my mother and father both, volunteered to go to your Earth.

How many people from your Earth have come to my old Earth?

I dont really know, David. I just know there were twenty-four of us at the place in Ireland. I know there were lots of others in other places. All of the ones at Graystones were older than me and most were wives and husbands. My father was the leader of the group but they made most decisions by meeting around a big table. They let me sit on the side of the room as long as I didnt say anything.

He looked at James. James stuck his tongue out at him and gave him the finger. They both laughed.

OK, you say you lived in that house for four years. How do you fit into this? You still havent told me why youre here.

 David, have patience. Ill get to that, he said. I was fourteen when my parents went to your Earth and I thought it would be a grand adventure if I went too. They wanted me to stay with my maternal grandparents but I hardly knew them. I begged to go and they almost relented when I proved that I had learned to speak your language. My father really didnt want me to go but I talked my mother into letting me. She took me to my father and I swore in front of both of them that I would never tell anybody from your Earth what Im telling you. I didnt want to break my oath to them, David.

But why did they pick me? Ive got a few extraordinary abilities and Im reasonably intelligent but Im just a soldier whos good at killing people. Why did they choose me?

David, at one of the meetings I heard them discuss you. One of the names they called you was The Warrior. They thought you had the ability to be a leader and defender for the group they will send here. Theyve done everything they can think of to insure our survival and they think you can protect everybody against each other and the wild animals on the mainland. They think you can be a leader who guides everybody to do the hard things they will have to do to survive and prosper. They want this colony t0 succeed and they expect you to lead it.

But why did you come here? If you were having a grand adventure on our old Earth, why did you want to come to this one?

David, I came here because I couldnt have Caitlyn. About a year ago, I met an Irish girl, slim, beautiful, long blond hair; oh, she was so beautiful. We fell in love and I wanted to marry her. My parents didnt approve. They wanted me to find somebody who was my own kind. They meant from my home planet. I told them I was going to marry Caitlyn and they couldnt stop me. They said theyd send me back home first. My fathers quite a domineering man and hes used to being obeyed. We argued and I finally thought of a way I could get away from them. I arranged to be sent here and I left them a note telling them where Id gone.

I dont know whether to believe you or not, Iain. You told me you were a singer, not a scientist. How did you arrange it?

Im coming to the part youre going to like, David. Its about Anna. After they arranged to have you sent here, they were going to send Anna next but they lost her. The device can track you anywhere but somehow it lost her. I was afraid my parents would use the device to send me back home so I got a friend to keep the setting for the destination here instead of changing it to home in the universe I came from. Then if they started tracking me, instead of Anna, I would be sent here instead of back home. My parents thought they were sending me home but they sent me here instead. I left them a note telling them where I had gone.

If you loved Caitlyn, you wouldnt leave her behind, Iain, I said.

I didnt. I think shes going to come to me soon. I told her everything Ive told you and she said she wanted to go with me. I told her that as far as I knew only one person at a time could make the journey but then I fixed it so my parents would want to send her. I told them Caitlyn knew all about them and she was going to tell everybody in your world if she couldnt come to me. And then I told them to arrange for Caitlyn to be sent to me if they ever wanted to have grandchildren.

You say they lost Anna. Do you know if shes still alive?

I think so. They talked about her like she was still alive. I know they were still trying to locate her when the time came that the device could be used again.

 How did they know so much about me and Anna? They must have had somebody feeding information about us to them.

They did. I sat in on the meeting where they talked about him. They were trying to decide who would be the first one to come here. They kept referring to him as the major and he sent them reports about you. I dont know anything else about him.

I do and I wonder why the hell he didnt tell me he was reporting to somebody about me and Anna.

I dont know why, David.

Well, why did they send James?

I dont know why they picked him, David. Maybe it was because he had no parents and nobody would care if he disappeared.

But you think they still want to send Anna to me?

Yes, David.

Why were they so dead set against you marrying Caitlyn?

David, somehow humans evolved on a planet Earth in your universe and they also evolved on our planet Earth in our universe. We look exactly alike but my parents said nobody knew whether we could crossbreed. Humans from both planets have twenty-three paired chromosomes for a total of forty-six.  My mothers one of the scientists mapping the genetic makeup of the chromosomes in people on your Earth. They havent finished their work and it may take years before they know whether the genetic makeup of my people is compatible with yours. If theyre not and we crossbreed the children might have all sorts of physical and mental disorders. Now do you see why they didnt want me to marry her? 

Why cant you wait, Iain? Youre young. I didnt find my Anna until I was twenty-five. Maybe in a few years they will know if our people and yours are genetically compatible.

David, I already know we are. Once when Caitlyn and I were making love in my bedroom, something strange happened. It was really the second time that night. The first time I was on top of her making love to her and she wanted to look in my eyes when I came. The second time that night, she was on top of me and her long blond hair fell around my face like some golden curtain all around and I was looking in her eyes and we both came at the same time. It was so good, David. It was like we were one. We both experienced it and somehow we both know that we can unite to create a perfect child. Thats why Ive got to have Caitlyn or I wont have anybody. Shes my other half, David. She makes me whole.

Iain, why do you think Im so adamant about having Anna? Weve experienced the same thing. Anna and I have fused into one on two occasions and now I cant live my life separate from her. I cant be whole again until shes with me.

Ive never heard of anybody experiencing anything like it, David. Have you?

No. But theres one big question you havent answered, Iain. Why do your people want to transport twenty of my people to this uninhabited world? Theres got to be a reason.

There is, David, he said. My people have been studying yours for years. Theyve concluded that your Earth may be near a tipping point. Thats what they call it. They think that unrestrained population growth and the pressure on resources and global warming and reliance on computers which can be rendered useless causing economic chaos

And nuclear weapons and germ weapons in the hands of crazy people, I added.

And stupid religious shit that just hurts people and makes them hate each other and fight wars, James added. I was surprised but I nodded in agreement.

Yeah, those too. Anyway, my people are afraid that your Earth has reached a tipping point and that may cause it to slide back into the dark ages or maybe cause an extinction of the human race. My people want to preserve a sample of yours. Thats about as much as they can do.

Why dont they reveal themselves if theyre so knowledgeable?

David, they dont want your people knowing about them because theres a chance your people will want to escape to the Earth I came from.

Is your Earth that damn good?

Its different, David, very different. Dont ask me about it, please. Ive already broken part of my oath to my parents. Im not going to tell you about it.

As fucked up as my people are, I cant blame them for not wanting us to go to their Earth. 

Maybe Ive covered most of what you might like to know, David, Iain said. Do you want to ask me questions now?

No, Ive got too much to assimilate now. Let me think about everything and lets get together tomorrow night and talk some more.

Ill try to answer your questions but remember Im eighteen years old and Im not a scientist and I didnt understand a lot of what they talked about. For example, I cant tell you how the transporter works but we both know it does.

Yeah, I know, Iain. But theres something else I know already. Im going to try to be the best damn leader and protector anybody could want for the people who come here but only if Anna comes to me. If shes not one of the twenty, Im out of here. Ill explore this world and the rest of you can just go to hell.

David, dont talk like that, he said. From what I understand, the other people who come here will all be very young, maybe like children, not more than about twenty years old at the most. They're going to need someone like you to lead them and to protect them. Somebody at Graystones once used the term societys castaways to describe them. 

Then you think they know how I feel about Anna and theyll send her to be with me?

 Yes, David. And thats why I think theyll send Caitlyn to be with me.

Ive got a question, James said and Iain and I both turned to look at him. He waited until we both nodded our ascent. 

If there had to be two machines, one here and one back where we came from, for David to be sent here, how did your grandfather, the first person from your Earth, how did he come to our Earth? Did somebody send the other machine first?

I finally grasped what James was asking. How could the first person from their Earth come to our Earth? And how did James catch that point? He certainly wasnt a dummy. Maybe he was smarter than I was.

I dont know, James, Iain said. My grandfather was a young man when he made the journey. I wasnt even thought of. I dont understand how its all done but I know it happened.

My mind was swimming with all that Iain had told me. As fantastic as it was, it all seemed to fit together and to explain why we were all here. I knew I had to ask him to help me to understand some of his story but I didnt want to do it tonight.

Can we talk again sometime soon? I asked. I think my brain is almost overloaded.  Im going to have a hard time going to sleep tonight.

Well, I think I can help you with that, Iain said. Lets go see if Aimee will show us another movie. Watching a good sex movie and having a good wank always helps me sleep.

Damn, I think its going to take two or three good wanks for me to get any sleep tonight, I said.

Iain grinned at me. Well, we can do it once or twice while were watching the movie and then we can have another wrestling match before bed. That ought to wear you out.

Shit, we dont need a movie, James said. Lets go jump in Davids bed again. We dont even need a wrestling match. Lets just play like we did the other night. We can try again to make David have eight orgasms.

Oh, no, you wont, I said. You and Iain almost wore the skin off my dick last time. Aimee, can you pick out a good movie for us?

Do you want to follow your usual criteria, David, Aimee asked, from another corner of the dining area. I have one that is just a little different that you and Iain and James might like.

Hows it different? Iain asked.

There are three people in the movie, two young boys and a young girl. The movie portrays very tender loving sex, primarily between the two boys and the girl. There is not a word spoken. The photography is astoundingly beautiful and the movie is very erotic. It is very romantic and slow and gentle and has a soundtrack of beautiful classical music.

That doesnt sound like its very different, Aimee, Iain said.

It also portrays sex between the two young boys in the same way, Aimee said.

You mean anal sex? I asked.

No, David. Your usual criteria rule that out, she said. They just do the same things Iain and James do sometimes.

I looked at Iain and then at James. They were both grinning widely.

Well, do you wankers want to watch the movie or not? I asked.

Iain smiled. Yes, lets watch it!

James smiled too. Yeah, I want to watch it too! Im going to lambast my llama til it spits on you guys.
 
Iain pulled back and looked at James with a disbelieving look on his face. I suppose my face reflected the same wonder at his description for wanking.

What? he said. I liked the nature channel.

The movie was mesmerizing and everything that Aimee had said. On my way to Aimees room, I thought Iains story would keep me from paying much attention to the movie. I was wrong. I was soon engrossed in watching the three young lovers but every few minutes the same thing made me momentarily unconscious of what was on the screen: the realization that Anna was going to join me in our new world, the world I would choose if only I c0uld be with her again.

The movie was set in a dream-like room where the only piece of furniture was a king-size bed. The room and everything in it was white. There were big windows on three sides covered by flimsy curtains which kept moving in a slight breeze. The lighting was soft and hidden. 

The movie began with a sweeping view of the room and with some music, something classical, softly playing. A few seconds later, a naked girl walked into the room and crawled into the bed. She was quickly followed by one naked boy and then another. The girl was an exquisitely beautiful young creature, probably about sixteen years old. The boys were just as young and beautiful, two perfect compliments to the girl. One of the boys was about her age and the other was noticeably older, about Iains age, almost a man.

The girl and both boys looked almost like each other, as though they might be an older brother and a younger brother with a twin sister. The hair on their heads was a dark brown and was the same length and shape. The girls face was devoid of any visible makeup. As a result, I had trouble identifying the sex of the younger boy and girl when I saw only their faces. But their bodies were clearly those of a young male and a young female. I wondered if they were actually siblings or just chosen to give that appearance. Either way, it seemed like they might be engaged in an incestuous relationship.

Over the course of the next hour or so, I saw a constantly varying sequence of sexual play in which the three were engaged. Most of the time, the two boys concentrated on the girl but occasionally the girl and one of the boys together tried to drive the other boy insane. In one scene, photographed close up from above, the younger boy was lying flat on his back and the girl and older boy had their heads on his stomach and were alternating in sucking his penis and playing with his testicles.  In another scene the two boys tenderly and lovingly kissed each other while one was on top of the other. The most intense scene was perhaps one with a lot of close-ups in which the older boy lay on his back while the girl rode him with her back to his face and the younger boy used his tongue just where the two were joined. Each time she came down on the older boys penis, the younger boys tongue was coming up the shaft of his penis all the way around the stretched-tight lips of the girls pussy and on to her clitoris. I made a mental note to try that with Anna someday.

Throughout the movie, my penis was as hard as it has ever been but I didnt want to come until it was over. Most of the time, I simply held it and stroked it a little and watched the clear drool run down the shaft. I was in Aimees recliner and Iain and James were in straight chairs on each side of me, long legs stretched out. I quickly glanced at them occasionally and saw that they were doing the same thing I was. 

When the movie ended, I rolled out of Aimees recliner and started for the door, not thinking of James or Iain. They both ran past me, slapped me on the butt, and yelled Gotcha but I didnt chase after them. I walked slower, thinking of Anna joining me, joyously believing that my loneliness was about to be over.

In our sleeping chamber, Iain and James were already in my bed alcove, wrestling with each other. I stood watching them for a minute or so. Iain clearly was bigger and stronger but James was quicker and slipperier. He constantly wiggled out of Iains grips and then pounced.

My day had been a full one, from the hours of hard work the three of us spent in clearing the new garden space, to Iains almost-unbelievable story that I had yet to fully understand, and then to one of the most beautiful and erotic movies I could imagine. I could see Iain as the older boy and James as the younger boy and the two of them lost in sexual play with Caitlyn. I didnt want to wrestle with them. I needed the release that masturbating would bring but I wanted it to be quiet and peaceful.

Come on, guys, I said. Lets not have another wrestling match tonight. Ive got too much on my mind for that. Lets just quietly jack off and get some sleep.

They both stopped their play and looked at me. Their penises were just as rampantly erect as mine and I knew they needed the release of orgasm as much as I did. James was the first to respond.

OK, David, he said. Me and Iain, I mean, Iain and I, well just go to our own beds for a good wank.

They both started to get out of my bed.

No, wait, I said. I dont want to be by myself. I want you both to sleep with me. Maybe Im like you, James; I want somebody touching me tonight. I want to be close to you but cant we just do it quietly? Both of you stay with me, please.

I held my arms out to each side and they understood: James crawled up and flopped down with one of my arms behind him and then Iain did the same thing. I pulled them up against my sides and held them as close as possible. I leaned to one side, kissed Iain on the cheek, and then leaned to the other and kissed James.

Thanks, guys, I said. I dont know why I feel this way. Im horny as hell but Ive got so many different emotions I dont know whether to yell or cry or laugh. I finally believe Anna is going to come to me and thats all I need to make me choose this world to live my life.

And I believe Caitlyn is going to come to me, Iain said. I know my father. Hell do just about anything just so his mission isnt compromised. Ill be content with her here with me for the rest of my life too.

Well, you guys are lucky, James said. I dont know who the hell is coming here for me. Maybe Ill just try on each new arrival for size until I find the right one.

Yeah, dream on, Iain said.

Would you guys do something for me, something I saw the two kids do in the movie? I asked.

What? James asked.

Soixante-neuf, I answered.

Shit, more damn French shit, James said. What does that mean?

James, say merde, I said.

Merde, he said. What does that mean?

Shit, I said. One mark of an educated sophisticated man is that he can cuss in several different languages.

Well, more damn French merde then, James said. Aimee, what does what David said mean?

Aimee answered from somewhere over our heads and I could swear she was giggling. Soixante-neuf is sixty-nine in French, James. It refers to a sexual activity in which two people simultaneously stimulate each other's genitalia with their mouths.

You mean two guys suck each others dicks at the same time? James said. Like those two guys did in the movie?

It doesnt have to be two guys, Aimee said. It can be a guy and a girl or it can be two females. Again, I thought she was laughing at us.

Yeah, I thought that was damned hot, I said. What about you, Iain?

Yeah, I thought it was hot and yeah, James and I have done it with each other.

Yeah, and were going to do it again, James said. He rolled over me, on top of Iain, and, in the process, kneed me close to my balls. He reversed his position so that his head was over Iains genitals but, when he tried to put his legs on side of Iains head, he bonked him in the head with his knee.

Merde and double merde! Iain yelled. Damn it, James, be careful!

Im sorry, James said. You can knock my head off next time.

I moved away a little so I could see what they were doing and watched as James wrapped his hand around Iains penis and then took the head in his mouth. Iain reached up with his hand, corralled James wild penis, and took the head in his mouth. Then they went at each other with a vengeance. Iain started thrusting upward and James started pushing his dick downward. I couldnt believe they could giggle and wiggle and suck dick so enthusiastically at the same time but they did for a short while. Then James must have shoved his dick too far in Iains mouth. 

Damn it, James, Iain yelled as he twisted his head to one side. Dont try to shove your dick down my throat.

Im sorry, James said. I didnt mean to do it. I didnt know what I was doing.

OK, I know you were thinking with your little head, Iain said. Lets try another position.

Iain pushed James off him and they changed their position so they were side by side in opposite directions. With what looked like practiced ease, they each bent one leg upward to serve as a pillow for the other. Then they wanked and sucked and wiggled and giggled some more until Iain pulled away. He turned on his back, breathing heavily, stomach pulled in, eyes closed, one hand on his penis, and lay there.

Whats wrong? James asked.

Nothing, Iain said. Youre just too good a cocksucker. I was about to come.

Can we slow down a little? I asked. I just thought of something I learned with Anna and I think you guys should learn it too.

What? James asked.

Anna and I tried a sixty-nine one afternoon and I didnt like it. When I was licking her pussy, I was upside down. A womans clitoris is more sensitive than the head of your dick. If youre licking down on her pussy, it will be protected by a hood sort of like your foreskin. If youre licking up, your tongue will drag the hood off her clit and really stimulate her. Do you think youd enjoy somebody sucking your dick with your foreskin covering the head?

Both shook their head. I like it best when James pulls my foreskin back really tight and sucks on the head, Iain said. That can really make me come.

Yeah, me too, James echoed. Thats a good way to do it.

Well, just remember: women dont come as easily as men do, I said. 
If you can learn how to help her have orgasms, shes going to love you more.

David, do you want to do it with me, James asked. Lets let Iain watch and cool off.

Sure, if you can just be slow and easy. I dont want to have a cock-sucking wrestling match like you and Iain were doing.

We rolled over toward each other, extended one leg to serve as a pillow for the other, and began. I wanted to come, just not yet, not until we had played for a while. Maybe James understood. He wrapped his hand around the shaft of my penis, pulled the skin down tight, took the head in his mouth, and gently sucked on it. I took the head of his dick in my mouth, cupped my fingers around his balls, closed my eyes, and licked and sucked and stroked.

I felt Iain touch my back and I looked up. He was behind me, leaning over, watching what James and I were doing, and slowly stroking his dick. I shut my eyes again and resumed what I was doing with James.

James, let me do it with David, Iain said, after a minute or so. You can watch.

They changed positions and Iain and I sucked each others dicks for a while. With Iains hand moving up and down on the shaft of mine and his mouth sucking on the head, I knew I was getting close to coming. I didnt want to surprise him and I didnt want one from him. I decided Id had enough. I rolled over on my back and wrapped my hand around my dick. Iain and James flopped down on each side of me and the three of us lay there, stroking our dicks as slowly as possible. 

Im ready for my first orgasm for the night, I said. How about you guys?

Yeah, me too, Iain said. What do you want to do? Do you want to just jack off?

I dont care, I said. What do you want to do, James?

I want you and Iain to finish me off, he said. Then me and you will do Iain and then me and Iain will finish you off last.

I groaned at his improper English but I didnt say anything.

It didnt take long for Iain and me to finish him off. Iain took the first turn and alternated between stroking James dick and then sucking it. When he moved aside for me, I took my turn jacking and sucking. On my second turn, I began to wonder which of us was going to get his tonsils squirted.

I remembered something Anna had done for me in the middle of a night in Flagstaff. I had awakened with another hard-on, spooned up to her derriere, and that must have awakened her. She had moved down on the bed, tugged my lower leg into a rest for her head, and then sucked me until I had a quiet but very intense orgasm. She swallowed and swallowed and then, never taking her mouth off the head of my dick, kept on very gently sucking for what seemed like forever.  Finally, when I tried to return the favor she had refused, saying that a woman likes to do something for her man occasionally.

I decided to do the same thing for James. I pulled him onto his side, positioned his thigh as a pillow for my head, and then gave him my best effort. When he put both hands behind my head, grabbed two handfuls of hair, and started thrusting, I knew I was going to get a mouthful. I wrapped two fingers and a thumb around his dick, stroked it as rapidly as I could, and kept sucking while he spurted a few times. When I thought he was through coming. I swallowed a couple of times and then resumed sucking on the head of his dick as slowly and gently as possible. Through it all, James let loose with a long soliloquy of cusswords and groans which slowly subsided into a continuous low moan.

We rested for a few minutes and then James and I did Iain. We alternated for a while and then James tugged on Iains arm until he rolled over on his side. As soon as he extended one leg, James went at him with a vengeance. I could tell from the surprised look on his face when Iain started ejaculating. James must have taken one shot down the throat but he kept his mouth on the head of Iain's dick. When he pulled back, I could tell from the look on his face and the way his lips were pursed that he was having a hard time swallowing. I pulled Iain down on his back, pointed at his belly button, and James filled up the little receptacle with semen and saliva.

This time, we rested for a longer period waiting for Iain to recover. His dick was still swollen but no longer standing up. My dick was stiff and aching from the need for relief but I just held it, waiting for James and Iain to do whatever they wanted to do to get me off. I watched as James played with his until it was hard again. He nudged me and nodded for me to look. I admired his recuperative powers but then I remembered how quick mine had been at thirteen.

James rolled over half on top of Iain and very gently kissed him on the lips. Iain welcomed him and I realized they were replaying a scene in the movie when the two young boys had gently and lovingly kissed each other while the girl watched.  I wasnt the girl but I watched as they repeatedly kissed each other, sometimes somewhere other than lips but mostly on the mouth. James wrapped his hand around Iains dick and just as slowly and lovingly stroked it until it recovered and was standing up again.

When they both turned toward me with a grin on their faces, I knew I was about to get my turn. James, always the mischief maker, started. He moved half on top of me, just as he had done to Iain and the same way the two boys in the movie had done, started kissing me, wrapped his hand around my penis, and slowly stroked back and forth. I closed my eyes and relaxed but then James surprised me. He straddled me so his dick was pressed against mine and then started thrusting against me.

Im going to fuck you, David, he whispered. Im going to ream you out with my monstrous dick and then Im going to shoot a big load up your little cherry ass.

You and what army, I intended to say but James fastened his open mouth on mine and started tongue fucking me. I let him play, unsure whether his dick and balls rubbing against mine would make me come. It didnt but it got me closer. After a minute or so, he rolled off me.

OK, Iain, hes all yours, he said. Finish him off.

Iain pounced, thats the only way to describe it, and then started stroking and sucking my dick as vigorously as possible. I started to warm him when I felt myself coming but all I managed was a couple of grunts. He kept his mouth on the head of my dick while I squirted again and again. Finally, he rose up, face intent, lips pursed, looked directly at me, and swallowed a few times. He opened his mouth wide to show me it was empty and then flopped down beside me again.

Damn, David, you almost drowned me, he said. Maybe Id better stick to sucking James off.

You should have fucked him, Iain, James said. You could have shoved your big dick up his ass and given him a big load and jacked him off until he shot his gallon on his stomach.

Yeah, and Ill make you squeal when I shoot a gallon up your ass, I warned, not really meaning it.

Really! James exclaimed. Id like that!

Yeah! I said. I told you that if Annas not the next one to arrive, you and Iain had both better cover your asses with your hands and run for the woods.

Im not running, Iain said. You can fuck me anytime if youll just let me do the same thing to you.

Me too, James said. You can both fuck me if youll just let me fuck you too. I didnt like it with the Reverend because I hated him but I like both of you guys and maybe itll be different.

Damn, I hope Anna and Caitlyn are the next ones to arrive, I said. If theyre not, I may take you two up on your offers. Who knows?

When Anna comes, are you sure you want to tell her about what weve done? Iain asked.

Yeah, I told you Im only going to keep one secret from her, I said. You should remember what I say, Iain. Dont keep secrets from Caitlyn, anyway not more than one. Youll have a better marriage if youre open and honest with each other. Thats the way Im going to be with Anna.

David, I like what we do when we play with each other, James said. I know its sex and its a lot of fun but I feel like its love too. I know I wouldnt do the stuff Ive done with both of you unless I liked you a lot and maybe thats like loving you. Do you think its really OK for two guys to love each other?

Sure. Im not ashamed to say I love you and Iain. Its not the same way I love Anna but, as far as Im concerned, its just as real. You guys have taught me a lot about love and Im going to try to love everybody else who comes here. That doesnt mean Ill want to have sex with them. When you grow up and get your own wife, youll probably give her most of your love and have most of your sex with her, maybe all of it, but that shouldnt affect how you feel about me and Iain. Weve got to love each other and care for each other in order for our colony to succeed. Im determined to see that it does succeed.

I think Davids right, James, Iain said. We cant afford to have hatred and distrust in our group. Weve got to be like a loving family. I dont know how well make it work but I know its up to us whether we succeed.

Damn, Ive got a lot to learn, James said. Is it OK if I ask Aimee something?

Sure, I said. 

Aimee, have you been watching everything we did? James asked.

Yes, James, Aimee answered. I always watch what you and Iain and David do. Your activities are fascinating to me. If you would like me to stop watching, all you need to do is to tell me. I will always obey your instructions.

When some other people come here, are you going to tell them about what weve done? James asked.

No, James, Aimee said. David has given me instructions which I must always obey. He said that I can always observe him but I must never reveal what I see or hear to anyone without his permission. Would you like your relationship with me to be like that?

Yeah, I would, James said.

Me too, Iain said.

Do you approve, David? Aimee asked me.

Yes, Aimee, I said. You may always follow their requests unless it contradicts my instructions to you.

Thank you, Aimee said. I hope all of you will always let me observe you because I find what you do fascinating.  

What if I ask her to let me in the room at the end of the hallway, David? Iain asked.

Ive already given her instructions on that, Iain, I replied. No one may enter the room at the end of the hallway unless I accompany them. Whats in that room is critical to our survival.

 James yawned wide enough to swallow a watermelon. Well, Im about to jack off and then go to sleep, James said. Who wants to join me?

I do, Iain said. 

I do too, I added.

May we sleep with you, David? James asked.

Yeah, I answered. Id like that.

A few minutes later, we had three chests and stomachs sprinkled with more semen and nobody seemed to have inclination to clean it off or the strength to move. James crawled up closer to me and put his head on my right shoulder and his leg over my right one. He held out his hand to Iain and Iain snuggled into the same position on my left side. I felt them weave their fingers together on my chest and then relax. I put my hands on their backs pressed them against me, and then curved my arms around their shoulders and stroked their soft hair. I took a couple of deep breaths, closed my eyes, and let myself slide into sleep, slowly stroking their hair.


TO BE CONTINUED:
