Allegra
by countrymouse

Allegra and the Mean Girls (L) (Chapter 1)

There is no way Im wearing that Lakyn. Allegra said bashfully, she was able to hold both pieces of the bikini between two of her black-nailed fingers. Where is the rest of it?

Its not that small Retro, The pretty blonde debated, Lakyn gaslighted her friends when she was trying to get them to do something. The bikini actually was quite skimpy. it will look so cute on you! Did you see the little skulls?

This is for girls who have really great bodies, Lakyn. I dont

yeah, youre unfuckable troll, Niki Taylor-looking mother fucker.

Who?

Okay, Ms. Teenage Dirtbag. She was like the hottest supermodel ever, if you let your hair go blonde you could be her daughter. Lakyn added, Put it on, Im buying it for you.

Fine, Ill just wear my shirt over it anyway.

Well see about that. Lakyn conspired with herself.

 
*****

2

Gabi and Riley were outside drinking boba tea out of huge cups and wielding a handful of newly purchased sunglasses, which they offered to their new friend. 

Gabi was the tallest of the trio, though shorter than Allegra, with a head of platinum blonde hair. As with all the Dumb Blondes, she was a stunning babe with a body that would turn a greek statues head. Gabi wore a breezy front buttoned dress that hugged her 20-inch waist  It flared a couple of inches beneath her hip so that her slender tanned legs could play in the fresh air. 

She was, in a manner of speaking, the dumb one. The dumbest of the dumb blondes is what her girlfriends called her. She offset this flightiness by owning it and not taking herself too seriously. She often talked about having been a mean girl in high school and how she was trying to be more considerate. 

Where Gabi was the bombshell, in polarity Riley was a lilliputian package of sexy muscle. She had been a successful power gymnast, one of those girls that do the uneven bars and balance beam, who had decided not to go pro in favor of college. . Her hammered steel abs strained against her tank top when she exhaled. The girl wore hip-hugger jeans that hugged her snuggly around the hips, they were badly slashed leaving gashes all over the front and back, the pant legs had been cut so short that the pockets were hanging below the surviving hem so that her slim muscular legs were naked. Riley had bought the shorts that way. 

Riley was a bundle of energy who ran marathons and would still want to go dancing afterward. Riley was a fun date who was always up for anything but tended to fall asleep on the nearest person when things got boring. She took her personal health very seriously and more than once she had forbidden Allegra from eating twinkies, leading to heated arguments between them about veganism. 

Then there was Allegra, tall and skinny, with a stud in her nose, another in her belly button, and several piercings in her ear, wearing a Black Parade T-shirt that she had stolen and tailored from her best friend back home. She hadnt colored her hair since she left home last summer, so her jet black dye job was changing back to her natural blonde, but she still made the effort every morning to put on raccoon-eye mascara and black lipstick. 

She was still trying to figure out this dynamic. Back home she was the girl from the poor side of town that liked metal bands and Batman. Michael Keaton, not Christian Bale. Shed never been befriended because someone thought she was hot and would fit in with their clique of girly girls. Shed never been friends with any girls at all. 

She noticed The Dumb Blondes talking about her while she ran on the treadmill. The trio ambushed her while she was showering; while she was naked. They undressed in front of each other all the time and didnt understand boundaries. They liked her physique and suggested she try out for the squad. What the fuck?

Allegra mumbled an uncomfortable thank you and hid in a bathroom stall naked till they left. Fate had it that Lakyn was in her English 120 class, and chatted with as if theyd known each other for years. Then they were having coffee, then she was at their place showing them Friday the 13th for the first time, and now they were all at the beach trying to get Allegra to wear a bikini. 

Lakyn bounced out of the store carrying a ridiculous pair of high-heeled sandals. Size 8 right Retro?

Everything is legs and high-heels with you girls. Allegra criticized but accepted the sandals. Lakyn had been on the dance squad in high school and had done rhythmic gymnastics, one of those pretty girls who danced around with a huge ribbon and had the petite slender limbed look of a ballet dancer. She was wearing an oversized t-shirt cropped in half, which had the effect of making her waist appear even smaller, and tiny 4-inch volleyball shorts that only covered her tight buns.

Allegra liked Lakyn the most, she was the Mama Bear of these girls. Always ready with a pep talk, and only cried when her friends cried. Surprisingly, once she got past all the hair products and beauty techniques her new pals were really sweet girls who actually seemed to like her. The Blondes had brought a change in her life as well, she found herself interested when Lakyn talked about fashion, and felt good after she joined Gabi in her morning skincare routine. Weeks of Riley dragging her to the gym were yielding results, Allegra had slimmed out a little and felt more confident

Lakyn took Gabi aside covering her ear with her hand. Gabi giggled uncontrollably That tickles!

Lakyn sighed with frustration and whispered to Riley instead. Whatever was said made the little powerhouse laugh, Thats awesome!

Not everyone is built like Niki Taylor Retro. said Gabi between sips Besides, they make my hobbit legs look super long.

That sentence brings up so many questions. You know what a hobbit is? Oh, I bet a guy showed you the movies.

Shut up! I read the books, said Gabi Im smart, and Viggo Mortenson is a total Cavill.

Hes fat and old now.

Id still hit it.

The four girls kept talking as they walked down to the beach. It was nearly 100 degrees in Los Angeles and the beach knocked that down by about 10. People were out under the hot sun in multitude, but Allie and the girls seemed to have a straight path to their spot near the water. 

She noted how confident the girls, who were all 5 foot nothing and without a dark strand of hair among them, were as they parted the sea of people. Thats what she and Jarod called hotness privilege. There was no place on earth that three good-looking blondes couldnt get into.

The Dumb Blondes found a clear spot between a football game and a volleyball game. Each populated by boys their age, some cute enough to talk to them. Lakyn sorted the drinks out while Gabi and Riley laid out two huge blankets. Then the three of them stood in a row and waited.

Allie was confused, What are you doing?

Lakyn winked mischievously. Giving them time to get their phones out. Who is going first?

*****

3

Ill go. offered Riley. The girl took a few steps and then struck an awkward pose that models do on Instagram that is actually very uncomfortable. She let her hair down and flipped it a few times. Then she started gazing down at her own navel as though it held the secrets of the universe.

Uh are you insane Riley? asked a bewildered Allegra. 

Sh! Riley giggled looking at Allegra briefly. Then she became thoughtful and mysterious again turning her attention back to her belly button. She played with it and whittled her delicate manicured fingers at the smooth heights and valleys of her finely honed bronze diaphragm.

Very slowly the copper-toned, gilded blonde brought her hands down to the small button fly at the front of her minuscule Levi shorts. One by one she unfastened each metal stud pulling the lips apart so that a bit of the yellow cloth of her bikini bottoms could be seen. She hooked her thumbs into the waistline writhing her hips back and forth as she shimmied the denim down her hips. 

Woo! Sexy bitch! Cheered Lakyn.

Riley held the bottom hem of her tank top and slowly lifted it to her bustline. There she lingered, sucking in her belly so that her delicious rock-hard abs could be admired.

I wanna eat off of those! Gabi laughed.

Then Riley went back to her shorts, purposefully turning around to show off her ass as she slowly slid the shorts down her polished, athletic legs. 

Lakyn and Gabi both mimed like they were spanking Riley.Booty, booty pop!

The girl stood upright and finished drawing her tight-fitting top over her head, making sure that her hair cascaded in an attractive manner.

Allegra saw that both the beach football and volleyball games being played on either side of them had called time out. The guys playing were pretending to discuss something but were really just checking the girls out. She self-consciously tugged her shirt down below her hips. 

 And scene! Riley did a gymnast dismount throwing her arms out, palms up. She broke into laughter as her friends clapped then went to get a drink from the cooler. Riley switched on her beach playlist and started playfully grinding up against Allegra, who laughed and did her best to get into it. 

That was hot! My turn. Lakyn volunteered. 

The petite blonde kicked off her sandals and sat on her knees, hips thrust forward as though she was straddling a chair. She crossed her arms in front of her and leisurely pulled her loose crop top up over her small breasts and over her head making sure her soft curved-in belly got a good stretch.

Look at them tasty abs! Riley catcalled.

She crept her blue lycra running shorts down to her knees, then sat on her butt and slid them the rest of the way down her skinny legs. 

Lakyn whipped her hair around as she stood up, cocking one hip sideways, and placing a hand on each hip. She was another hardbody with nice toned arms and long dancers legs. Her bikini was white with blue flowers, and if one looked hard enough they could see

that she was wearing one. Lakyn smiled as her friends cheered her on then pranced over to the cooler. 

Gabi went next.

She was wearing a short front buttoned dress with snaps. She looked sideways and smiled coyly. At nobody. She took off her belt, brought her hands up to her bustline then simply ripped the short dress open like she was Superman.

The dress popped open to exhibit the girls awe-inspiring hourglass figure underneath. Gabi stubbornly wore the same size bra as Riley even though the stretchy swimsuit material struggled to rein in her bountiful double Ds. Gabi was a little softer than the other girls but her curves were incontestable. 

Gabi let the dress slide down her arms and drop at her feet, standing in all her slender Rubenesque glory. She kept the pose long enough for the guys to get a good mental picture, and even some real pictures. The boys had given up all pretense of playing beach sports and had moved up closer to all trying to get a good look at this divine creature.

Even Allegra found herself saying, Damn!

Somewhere on the nearby street, they could hear a car slamming on its breaks followed by a crash.  

The girls looked at Allegra expectantly. 

***** 

4

Are you fucking kidding me? said the pasty, rail-thin girl. There is no way I am taking this shirt off around you sex queens!

Dont be like that Alley, youre gorgeous, said Gabi sincerely.

Allegra shot back. Whatever Gabi! You look like a freaking porn star!

Aw, thanks Retro!

Youre a major babe Allegra, if I wasnt seeing Steve I would totally make out with you. Riley chimed in,  Wait, would you be into that?

Dont pressure her, its okay. said Lakyn sounding disappointed, I bought that for you, but I dont want to make you feel uncomfortable. This is a safe space.

Whats going on? Allegra understood the words but didnt believe them. You guys are acting weird.  Lakyn was darting her eyes around giving Gabi and Riley silent commands. She then noticed the girls had maneuvered behind her as though to block her path. 

Allegra knew she had been set up and tried to run but Gabi and Riley caught her giggling maniacally. They attacked her shirt trying to wrestle it off of her but Allegra used her long limbs to fend off their grabby hands. Then something seized her legs pulled them out from under her. Allegra landed in the sand on her back and Lakyn was on top of her trying to hold down her elbows. Take off the shirt Retro!

Fortunately, the girl wasnt heavy enough to hold Allegra down and she easily pushed her away, but when she got on all fours she was suddenly dealing with Riley. The squat powerhouse tried to hug her while she was in the down position, but Allegra wriggled out before she could lock her grip in and shimmied away.  Hey!

Then Gabi was all over her and Allegra was in a world of giggles, boobs, and sun tan oil. The girls rolled around in the sand, something men would probably pay good money to do with Gabi, trying to gain dominance. They were equally inept at fighting, Allegra couldnt get an advantage until she accidentally cuffed the bombshell on her right breast.

Ow! That was my boob, Alley! The curvy blonde released her grip to massage her chest. 

Im so sorry Gabs..! Allegra apologized. She was lost in the splendid valley between Gabis breasts.  and Im really sorry about this.

Eek! My top! Allegra yanked the buxom blondes bikini top away and threw it as far as she could. That would keep Gabi out of the fight for a little while. 

Before the skinny Goth-chick ran off she did a double-take. Whoah, Gabi those are nice!

The Bombshell blushed a little. Thanks! Good luck!

She had not made two steps when she saw Riley in a 3-point football stance. The little firecracker yelled Spear! and tackled Allegra around the waist. Slamming hard into her belly. 

Hooph! She went down silent and wide-eyed, her diaphragm stalled, unable to suck in air. 120-pound Riley didnt help by landing with her knee in the pit of her flat stomach. Oh, sweetie! Are you okay?

Get off! Allegra wheezed. When Riley shifted to sit hip to hip Allegra reflexively brought her leg up, nailing the small girl between her legs. 

Why? Riley grunted. Her eyes fluttered and she flopped down on top of her friend. The girls lay there moaning until Lakyn appeared and rolled Riley off of her. Allegra did her best to fend her off but Lakyn started tickling. 

Gabi and Riley sat on her arms pinning her to the sand, she kept kicking her bare legs but it did not bother Lakyn, who did the double gun pose with her biceps. Are you done? Alley gave her a dirty look and shook her head. You know theres a lot I could do to you now Retro.

I could tickle you. she ran her little fingers up and down Allegras core giving rise to uncontrollable giggling. We could make out

The captive said nothing but her eyes grew larger. She unconsciously thrust her pelvis against Lakyn. The dominant blonde raised an eyebrow, Interesting reaction, that wasnt a no. 

Lakyn brushed a strand of hair out of Allys face, leaning in You know Riley has a big crush on you. I dont know if you like flat-chested girls though. 

Lakyn! What the fuck?

Ally closed her eyes as Lakyn hovered close, ready to accept whatever punishment she had in mind. She could smell the girls suntan lotion and bubblegum, mixed with some pheromone. She smelled amazing, and Allegra opened her mouth a little in expectation.

Instead, she felt a cool breath in her ear that made her toes curl. I do too. She kisses her cheek and sat back up We can talk about it later.

I could Lakyn continued her villain monologue, she made a fist and lined it up with Allegras belly button punch you in the gut! 

No! Oooh! Alley whimpered she wound up her legs defensively as Lakyn pretended to punch her. Instead, let out a dorky laugh and patted her tummy gently. No. Im nice. 

She reached off to the side and came back with fabric sheers. Are you going to take off the shirt? 

You wouldnt. Allegra dared, suppressing a laugh. 

I would, she said without a hint of nonsense, she tested the scissors. that pallid skin of yours needs some sun, Lakyn said coldly as she cut one shoulder of Allegras sleeveless Black Parade T-shirt, then the other. She set the scissors aside Are you going to take it off so we can see those awesome boobs?

You know shell do it, said Riley.

I still havent found my bikini top. Gabi moped. 

Allegra set her jaw proudly and said nothing. Have it your way Retro. Ill have to buy you a new one. She stood over the pinned girl holding the neckline of the Black Parade shirt and savagely tore upwards. The seams burst, ripping seem to seem as the vintage tee was wrenched clear of her body.

Ha, ha! You bitch! laughed Riley

Ahhh! Allegra had long slender arms and legs, a nice belly, and sublime breasts. She was one of those tall girls with straight, stretched-out figures. Her smooth white skin was paler than most people living in the sunny southwest, but it was already tanning nicely.

It had to be done. Allegra. Lakyn stated pragmatically. She handed Ally a bottled water. You have to be more confident, and know that youre a babe of consequence if youre going to be our new best friend.

To Gabi, she said, See? Im smart too.

Whoah that was hot. She heard a guy say.

Lets go talk to them, I got dibs on the tall one.  said another.

Once the girls set her free she bent down and wrapped her arms around her knees to cover herself up. She picked up the scraps of her shirt sadly. I liked that shirt. 

*****

5

You know those arent toys Allegra had never felt so cheeky in her young life. The bikini Lakyn bought her was a suit in name only. 45$ for 3 eye patches sewn together with floss. She did like the cute little skulls wearing pirate hats on it though.

Riley pulled out a tube of sunblock, insisting Allegra apply it to her skin. This led to another round of tickle wrestling that ended with the pint-sized gymnast sitting reverse cowgirl on her back rubbing lotion all over her. Her feelings were divided on how willing and eager these girls were to grope her, but she also surprised herself at how quickly she surrendered.

Wouldnt want to burn these sweet buns, Sweet Buns. Said Riley giving each buttock a spank. She climbed off of Ally and used the residual salve on her own legs.

Why did you only bring water? Allegra asked, searching through the drink cooler, theres nothing to eat either?

Gabi, who was holding a tanning mirror on her chest, chimed in Oh we dont bring anything but water.

The Lord giveth, added Lakyn, Heads up Retro

At her friends warning, Allegra looked up. In the summer sky, there was a white volleyball with a curly blue stripe, getting larger and larger till it filled her vision. She raised her hands up to shield herself but the ball missed her face and spiked her in the stomach instead.

Woof! For the second time that day Allegra had the wind knocked out of her. The volleyball bounced off her narrow unsuspecting abdomen with a thump. The lanky girl folded around the ball, she lifted a leg and hunched over before dropping to the ground to double up over her knees.

New girl always gets the ball chucked at her. Stated Gabi as though it were an ordinary thing.

Sorry about that, could we get our ball back? A good-looking, suitably muscular, young man about their age jogged up to them. He winced as he saw the cute Goth chick rolled up agonizing on the towel. Oh whoops, is Morticia okay?

Fuck you, Gomez! Allegra moaned curling into a ball.

Youd better get her a beer if you are going to have any chance of getting her number, Said Lakyn, standing close Do you have beer?

A big stupid grin grew on the kids face as his eyes traveled up and down Lakyns ballet dancer figure. Yeah Ill go get her a beer

Four beers! Lakyn called after him, and some snacks.

Allegra chuckled as the guy ran off. Is he seriously going to give us beer so well hang out with him?

Oh honey, hot girls never pay for drinks, dont you know that? She was not certain if Riley was being condescending. Like 99 percent of the things men do is to get women to talk to them.

Do you think Bartholdi and Eiffel would have designed Lady Liberty if they werent trying to impress their wives? said Gabi.

They were paid a lot of money, Allegra set out.

Right. Gabi affirmed, They were paid a lot of money so that they could impress their wives.

That gave Allegra pause. She thought of all those years she hung out with Jarod at his moms house. They shared interests in music and philosophy long before she began to find him attractive. Girls liked his humor and even though he was fat, he was tall and strong.

Allegra scared those girls away, not wanting to see Jarod cuckolded. She also suspected he might be gay. All those years Ally was right there and he never made a move on her, treating her like a sister. Unless Gabi, what are you going to school for?

The curvy blonde smiled, Cosmology! Why?

I think you just changed my life ow!

Before she could express her revelation a football sailed her direction and hit Ally in the head. You motherfuckers!

Calm down Retro, said Riley grabbing Allegras hand and towing her after They want to show off their football skills

But I dont like football.

and maybe tackle you a few times.

***** 

6

Little Riley was popular with the footballers. She was fit, played well, and had no reservations about roughhousing with the boys. The guys had no issue with that at all. All that hard muscle made Riley surprisingly heavy for a girl that barely scratched 1 and a half meters. She just laughed when she was given the ball and they carried her into the end zone. Even the other team started doing it.

After each goal, the game would stop while Riley walked the enthusiastic boys through some of the most basic cheerleading stunts. The L-Stand, the Pony Mount, the Swedish Falls. They convinced Allegra to let them throw her around as well.

Allegra was having fun but had trouble keeping up with the boys who had 50 to 100 lbs on her. At first, she didnt understand why they kept giving Allegra the ball, she was the worst player on the team. Then she reasoned that if she had it, they had reason to tackle her. She had received a lot of accidental elbows and knees to the belly and finally decided the game was too rough for her when one guy, Mike, handed off the ball to her by stuffing it hard up into her gut. She went down with a moan and didnt go back in.

Mike apologized, and the boys backed off with the rough stuff once Riley had a firm chat with them, but Allegra was done. The Blondes explained to her later that some guys were turned on by the faces and oofs girls made when they took one in the belly. Men are weird.

They coaxed Lakyn and Gabi over to do a 3 girl cheer routine. Then Lakyn stayed for a few plays but Gabi was more interested in sunbathing, which nobody complained about either.

Around 8 oclock the sun set and the Dumb Blondes were invited to join the footballers around their fire. Riley was hanging out with the guy, Branson, who was working Base for her when she was stunting earlier. He had a guitar with which he had greater enthusiasm than skill, but Riley also thought that she could sing. They were both wrong but they were cute together.

Gabi had 3 guys hovering around her, but she was more interested in encouraging Riley. Allegra was happy to sit by herself by the fire and make smores. She was going back home in a few weeks and had some things to consider, what was she going to do when she saw Jarod again? Would he even recognize this version of her?

Lakyn had been talking to a guy throughout the day but she suddenly appeared alone and plopped down into Allegras lap. Hey, Retro.

Hey. What happened to whats his name?

Dan, she said, disappointed. Republican.

Oh yikes.

Its alright, I really just want to hang out with you anyway, if thats okay.

Allegra tussled her friends hair. Of course! Maybe I could run something past you? Lakyn adjusted her position so she could look at Allegra comfortably. When I go back home, Im going to see my best friend.

That guy you friend-zoned? she confirmed.

Yeah. Jarod, Allegra did not think of it that way until Lakyn said it, but she was right. hes a good guy, and I think hes been in love with me for a long time.

Theres something wrong with him if he doesnt. Ive only known you for a month and Im in love with you. Lakyn said with a wink. They both knew she was only half-joking.

I honestly didnt realize it until I was living here. I dont know what Im going to do when I see him again.

You dont owe him anything, what matters is how you feel. the petite blonde played with her hair while Allegra thought about it.

In a way, he was my boyfriend all through high school. Allegra said, We just never did anything. If we never do, I think I will regret it.

Youre not coming back? Lakyn said sadly.

It was weird hearing it said in her voice, but Allegra said Of course I am! Youre my girls! Lakyn lighted at that Im just going to rock his world, a few times.

Yay!

But then theres mmm! Allegra was embarrassed to finish her thought.

Lakyn gently pulled Allegras lips down to hers. At first, it was just a soft brush, but the taste of suntan lotion, bubble gum, and brine filled her senses compelling Allegra to explore deeper. She locked her hand behind Lakyns head and aggressively plunged her tongue into the girls mouth. The diminutive blonde eagerly matched Allegras rhythm pulling her in vigorously.

Allegra was giddy and lightheaded when they broke the kiss, overwhelmed with arousal. Lakyn smiled up at her flushed pink. Your turn Gabi.

Allegra was surprised to see that the voluptuous blonde had moved and was sitting next to them cross-legged. Gabi put a finger, painted pink with a glitter flower, on Allegras freshly christened lips.

Shh Just go with it. Gabi was warm, soft, and tasted like strawberries. Just as Allegra would imagine. Gabi giggled as though the kiss tickled her, it was contagious and soon they were both laughing with released sexual tension. Riley?

Its about damn time! Riley said impatiently. Ive been waiting all day, we drew straws on who was going to kiss you first. She was sitting on the other side so that the girls formed a triangle around Allegra. The pint-sized sparkplug put her fingers behind Allegras ears and boldly pulled the girls mouth against hers. 

Oh, and Lakyn lost?

No, she won.

Cmere Retro The kiss was hungry and uneven as Riley took what she wanted, with no regard for Allegras well-being, letting out weeks of attraction and sexual frustration on Allegra. Seeking to devour her. Allegra wasnt strong enough to push her away, not that she wanted to. When Riley was done with her Allegra breathed hard, swooning with desire.

Riley grinned, Could I have my bra back babe? 

In their heated exchange, Allegra had unwittingly pulled the strings on Rileys top and now held them in her hand. The tall blonde smiled defiantly No. Come get them yourself.

Youve never had sex,  Lakyn concluded. Youre worried you wont know what youre doing when the time comes. She helped Allegra to her feet and kept hold of her hand. Theres a private spot down the beach. Do you want to go?

Allegra nodded and let the 3 girls guide her down the beach.


Allegra Caught Naked (Chapter 2)

Allegra grabbed a towel off the rack as she stepped out of the shower. She stood in front of the full-length mirror as she made a turban for her hair. In her year away at college Allegra had become a very different young woman. She had spent high school in heavy mascara and black lipstick, sitting on the outside of social circles with her only friend Jarod.

Allegra finished wrapping her head towel and took a moment to check herself. When she left home she decided to leave everything behind, including the pessimistic girl she used to be. She started wearing girls clothes and watching what she ate. From one summer to the next she had lost a little weight and felt confident enough to wear those short summer dresses that made her skinny legs look a mile long. She had even started wearing bikinis, saw how men lost their minds when she did and wondered why her gender was having such a hard time taking over society.

Wow! Said a deep male voice. Allegra spun around to see Jarod standing at the doorway staring at her. Wet, nude, and in the best shape of her life.

Oops! the naked 20-year-old squeaked. Her face turned hot with embarrassment, but she made no move to cover her body. She made a quick glance down at herself to confirm there was no towel there. Nope. Allegra tried to sound calm, but her voice gave her away. How long have you been there?

Jarod still hadnt blinked. He was a huge guy that dwarfed little Allegra, yet always made her feel safe and protected. They were like brother and sister until they werent. Once there was some distance between them Allegra realized she had an enormous, unrequited crush on him. She had no delusions of having a relationship with him, but she could at least jump his bones while she was visiting.

Not long enough. He finally answered. I uh just got home. Mom said you were taking a nap.

Would I go into the bathroom to take a nap? She said with sarcasm.

Doesnt look like a nap. Jarod nodded, continuing to ogle her bare breasts.

Allegra yelped again, realizing that she was still standing with her arms at her side. She threw herself into the cute naked woman pose, putting a hand between her legs and wrapping an arm across her chest. Didnt Barb teach you to knock before you walk into a shower?

Jarod finally made eye contact, but only for a second Hey! This is MY trailer; I heard the water stop so I came in. I didnt know you were going to be standing there admiring yourself.

Admiring myself? Allegra raised her voice. Youre the one staring!

Well Jarod stuttered, he had to choose his next words carefully Its your fault for getting hot Ally.

What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Allegra said in mock outrage and a little genuine hurt.

Jarod looked terrified, Youve always been flat and skinny, but you look really tight. When did you get hooters?

Allegra rolled her eyes in revulsion, Hooters? Really Jay?

Jarod shrugged Funbags?

Ive always had them dumbass! Allegra said a little more quietly. She had heard Jarod describe girls as tight when he wanted to fuck them.

We used to call you Chicken Legs

Who said I had Chicken Legs? Allegra challenged, outraged.

Jarod backpaddled, Not just me, everybody did. You look like you could kill James Bond with those now though

That doesnt make it okay Jay! She screamed again, and you are STILL ogling me.

Ogling..?

Stop looking at me naked!

What am I supposed to do? NOT look at a nice ass?

Nice ass..? Allegra stumbled. Are you talking about my butt? Jay was being crude and objectifying her. She was more shaken by the fact that he was flirting with her, and she wasnt sure how to handle it. Could you at least turn away for a second?

Jarod fumbled with his pockets pulling out his phone. Shit, youre right I should be filming this!

You mother fucker! Dont you dare! Allegra demanded stifling a giggle.

Ow! No punching! The leggy blonde was on him like a wildcat. Futilely pounding his chest with tiny fists.

Youd better watch where you put that hand pal! He tried to push her away firmly but kept grabbing on to things he didnt want to let go of.

Help! Im being attacked by a naked cheerleader! She was slick with shower water and kept slipping past his defense.

Cheerleader? Those are fighting words!

Dont hurt yourself Alley. Get off!

What do you think Im trying to do? That made Jarod pause, allowing Allegra to get on top of him and pin him down with her elbows. In retaliation, he put his hand on his favorite boob and left it there. Jarod had been in love with her since they were 13. She smelled like flowers.

Allegra moved his hand to a more comfortable spot. Careful, thats not a toy. Do you surrender?

A smoking hot chick broke into my house, took off her clothes, and is now straddling me. How is this a loss?

Allegra laughed, kissing Jarod savagely on the mouth as she had always wanted to. Shut the fuck up, you idiot.


Allegra's Job Interview (Chapter 3)

Allegra was walking around naked yesterday1 Lakyn blurted out during a lull in the conversation.

Allegras jaw dropped. Lakyn! I told you that privately!

Riley slapped the table What?

Im sorry, its too funny. Lakyn shrugged.

OMG! Tell, tell, tell! Gabi squealed excitedly.

Oh fine! Allegra was put on the spot, but she told the story anyway.

So the other day I was going to a job interview, you know that club on Basin Street? She began. I was on the bus and it stopped suddenly, I reached for the overhead bar, but then I heard this ripping sound and I looked down, she explained. I couldnt believe it. I was standing there in just my panties!

Lakyn suppressed a giggle, trying to sound sympathetic. Oh no, you poor thing, she said.

I was in my DJ outfit, Allegra explained. One of my T-shirts and a black miniskirt, dress for the job you want right?. But when the skirt ripped

Gabis eyes widened with excitement at the description. Wow, you must have looked so hot, she said with a grin. But what about your legs? Were they bare or were you wearing stockings?

I was wearing the fishnet stockings, Allegra confirmed. At least I had something on to cover up a bit.

Riley snickered. I bet it was quite a leg show, she teased.

Allegra rolled her eyes. It was so embarrassing.

Lakyn covered her mouth to stifle a giggle while Gabi leaned in closer, eager for more details. Oh my god, what did you do? she asked.

Allegra shrugged. I just grabbed the skirt and covered myself as best as I could, she said. But the other passengers didnt exactly make it easy for me.

Riley let out a laugh. I can imagine, he said. What did they say?

They were all making jokes and catcalling me, Allegra said, rolling her eyes. One guy even asked for my number.

Gabis eyes widened. No way! she exclaimed.

Allegra took a deep breath and continued her story, trying to keep her voice steady despite the embarrassment still burning on her cheeks. So then I went up to the driver and asked him when wed be getting to Basin Street, she said. And he just looked at me and raised an eyebrow. Do you know youre not wearing any pants? he asked.

Her friends gasped and giggled, and Allegra couldnt help but laugh along with them. I mean, I knew I wasnt wearing pants, but to have someone point it out like that? Oh my god! she said. But he was surprisingly cool about it. He just told me that wed be there in twenty minutes.

Lakyn shook her head in disbelief. How awkward! she said. I dont know how you managed to stay so calm.

I think it was just adrenaline at that point, Allegra shrugged. I was just trying to get through the situation as quickly as possible.

Riley, still chuckling to herself, interjected. Come on, youve got to admit that its pretty funny, she said, grinning widely. I mean, everyones always trying to see you naked.

Allegra shook her head, a faint blush creeping onto her cheeks. Well, Id rather they didnt, she said, a bit exasperated. The worst part was when my shirt got caught in the bus door, she said. I was pulling and tugging, trying to get free, but it just kept getting worse.

Gabi gasped in shock, OMG! What happened?

Allegra continued her story, I fell when the bus took off but got back up and run after the bus. It kept going down the street, and it dragged me with it! I was trying to yank it free, and grab onto anything I could reach.

Lakyn listened with a look of disbelief on her face, That sounds absolutely insane! How did you handle that?

I didnt, Allegra admitted with a small laugh. I was freaking out and panicking the whole time! And then it ripped my shirt off! Took my bra too!

Riley let out a burst of laughter, Oh my god, I bet they loved that!

Allegra rolled her eyes, Yeah, it was a real crowd-pleaser.

Lakyn looked concerned, Oh no! What did you do?

Allegra rolled her eyes and replied sarcastically, What do you think I did? I just stood there watching my shirt flapping in the breeze until I realized that I was topless in the middle of downtown L.A.

Gabis eyes widened, You were totally naked?

Allegra blushed, Well, I had my underwear and stockings on she trailed off.

What color were the panties you were wearing? Riley said, still trying to stifle a giggle.

Allegra rolled her eyes. Really, Riley? You want me to describe my underwear now?

Well, yeah, Riley said, grinning mischievously. I mean, its all about the details, right?

Lakyn chimed in, still trying to contain her laughter. Shes got a point, Allegra. What kind of panties were they?

Allegra groaned, but couldnt help but laugh along with her friends. Fine, fine, she said, shaking her head. They were black, okay? And lacy.

Gabi let out a low whistle. Ooh, fancy, she said. And what about your stockings? Were they ripped too?

No, thankfully they were still intact, Allegra said, relieved to move on from the discussion of her underwear. But they were definitely stretched out by the end of that whole ordeal.

Lakyn leaned in, her eyes sparkling with excitement. You know what would make this story even better? If you had taken a selfie or something. Then we could have really seen the outfit.

Allegra shook her head, still blushing at the memory of the whole incident. Are you kidding me? The last thing I wanted was photographic evidence of that moment.

Riley was laughing so hard she started wheezing. You cant stop there, what happened then?

Well I think I screamed like a girl, she said. And I was running around in panic, trying to cover myself up. But there were so many people staring at me!

But thats not the end of it!, Allegra continued. I ran after my shirt, trying to grab from the bus door, it was one of my vintage Ts, and a huge wave of water hit me and knocked me to the ground.

Riley let out a burst of laughter, Oh my god, I bet you were a sight to see!

Allegra rolled her eyes. It was so embarrassing, she said. I was completely soaked and my makeup was running down my face. And to top it off, people were laughing and making crude comments.

Lakyn looked concerned, Are you okay, Allegra? That sounds terrible.

Allegra nodded, Yeah, Im fine. I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.

Gabi leaned in closer, What did you do? she asked.

I just got up and ran away, Allegra admitted. I didnt want to stick around and make things worse.

Gabi was curious, What happened with your interview, Allegra?

Oh, you wont believe it. So, after the whole bus incident, I just ran into the nearest building, which happened to be the club I was interviewing at.

Lakyn burst into laughter,  No way, you went to the interview naked?

Well, I had to, I didnt have any other clothes! Allegras cheeks hurt from laughing so hard. But the guy was surprisingly cool about it. He gave me one of the uniforms to wear and one of the girls let me use her make-up, and we still did the interview. You cant imagine talking about a job to some guy who has just seen your boobs.

I still cant get over the mental image of you hopping around topless! Riley was in hysterics. Thats hilarious! Im surprised I havent seen a clip of it yet.

I bet you could charge people to see you like that! said Gabi sincerely.

Through her laughter, Lakyn tried to sound soothing. Oh my gosh, I cant believe that happened to you, Allegra! It must have been so embarrassing. But you handled it like a pro!

Did you get the job? Lakyn added.

I did! Allegra beamed proudly, I start tonight! He said I really made an impression.

Gabi did jazz hands and cheered. Oh my god, Allegra, thats insane! You deserve it!

Lakyn took a sip of her iced tea. Ill bet you did!


Gymnastics Meet Mishap (Chapter 4)

As the group finished their meal and ordered drinks, Gabi leaned in toward Allegra with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. OMG, Lakyn! Tell her about Rileys leotard!

Dont you dare, Gabby Gabi! Rileys face drained of color, her voice shook slightly, and she fidgeted with the hem of her shirt, visibly uncomfortable with the attention. She warned Gabi, I will haunt you from the grave! 

Allegra turned to Riley with a huge smile, intrigued by what Gabi had just said. No way! Do you have a naked girl in public story too? she asked.

Riley begged, Oh, come on guys, can we please talk about something else? She shifted in her seat, looking around the room nervously, hoping to change the subject. But Gabi wasnt ready to let it go. 

Okay, okay, its my story, so I will tell it, Riley knew that the story was going to be told one way or another, so she might as well be the one to tell it.

Riley took a deep breath, she began, her voice shaky with nervous energy. It was actually my last competition 

And seriously, Riley was bangin back then, Gabi said with a big grin. When she took off her sweats, her legs were like BAM! And her calves were just wow. Gabi made a small circle with her thumbs and fingers to emphasize her point. And her waist was like this she continued, using her hands to gesture a small waistline. Riley rolled her eyes but couldnt help but smile at Gabis exaggerated gesture. 

They were definitely one of the reasons I recruited her for cheerleading, Lakyn chimed in, nodding her head in agreement. I mean, when we saw her perform at that competition, we knew we had to have her on our team. And when she took off those sweats, we were all just like, damn.

I didnt even realize they looked that good, Riley admitted, feeling a little self-conscious.

Please, Riley, you were a total babe. Gabi rolled her eyes. You made the rest of us look like schlubs.

Oh, trust me, they did, Lakyn said with a grin. I remember thinking that I needed to step up my leg game because Riley was just killing it.

We were doing well, feeling pretty confident at that point, Riley went on, but then just as I started my balance beam routine, I noticed a small rip in my leotard. I thought it was no big deal and that I could just deal with it after my routine, but boy was I wrong. 

Oh no! Allegra laughed. Why didnt you stop?

I was in a team competition, you cant stop! They would have zeroed me and the whole team would have lost. Riley explained, still cringing at the memory.

Gabi tilted her head, Wow, really?

They would dock points even if her bra was showing. Lykan offered.

I dont wear anything under my leo, I never did, its uncomfortable. Riley nodded in agreement. It started as a small tear, barely noticeable, but as I performed my routine, it seemed to expand and grow with each split, flip, and cartwheel.

Allegras eyes widened as she listened intently, fascinated by the details of the incident. Oh my gosh, Riley, that must have been so nerve-wracking! she exclaimed.

It was the longest routine of my life, she admitted, her hands still covering her chest protectively. Every time I moved, I could feel the fabric pulling and tugging against my skin, threatening to expose me to the world. I tried to ignore it, to focus on my routine and block out the distractions, but it was impossible. The sensation was too strong, too overwhelming.

Gab giggled, She did the whole thing with her little boobs hanging out.

Riley self-consciously put her hands over her chest. I could feel the fabric slipping down my legs, she continued her voice barely above a whisper. I was praying that it wouldnt come off completely, but at the same time, I couldnt wait to get off that beam.

Gabi let out a loud laugh, unable to contain herself any longer. It was the ultimate unintentional striptease, she quipped, causing everyone to laugh.

Riley rolled her eyes, trying to hide her smile. It wasnt funny at the time, you guys, she said, her tone slightly defensive. 

Allegra gasped, Oh my gosh! How embarrassing!

Riley heaved a deep sigh, shaking her head in disbelief as she recounted the incident. As I approached the final jump before my dismount, I knew my leotard was barely holding on, she said, her voice trailing off,  but I had to push through and complete the routine. It was like a ticking time bomb, waiting to go off.

What did you do? Allegra asked, enthralled by the story.

Gabi and Lakyn exchanged knowing looks, their amusement evident. And the best part was when you finally landed your dismount, and your leotard fluttered away, Lakyn said, unable to hold back her laughter.

Allegra asked, So, you were completely naked in front of everyone?

Ta-da! Gabi was on her feet and jumped into Rileys dismount pose, one leg out and arms up. Naked girl!

The group burst into uncontrollable laughter. Even Riley couldnt help but crack a smile at the absurdity of it all. Lakyn joined in the fun, mimicking Rileys movements as she recounted the routine. And then she did this little spin, and the crowd went wild! Lakyn exclaimed, twirling around the room.

Allegra was doubled over with laughter, gasping for air as she tried to compose herself. Oh my god, you guys are killing me! she managed to say between giggles.

Gabi, still in character as naked girl, hammed it up for the group. I mean, I dont blame the judges for giving her a perfect 10. She was definitely the most memorable gymnast of the competition, she said, winking at Riley.

Allegras eyes widened, Really? Thats crazy!

Lakyn nodded, Yes! And let me tell you, it was quite a sight to see. Riley was all red-faced, but the team was so proud of her. They were shouting her name and cheering like crazy. It was like something out of a movie.

The whole arena went nuts, Gabi added, still laughing. I mean, people were on their feet and screaming like it was the Super Bowl or something.

Then, Lakyn picked up, her team rushed to congratulate her. They were so excited that they lifted Riley up on their shoulders and paraded her around the arena. And then, they poured the keg of water over her head in celebration.

Riley couldnt help but smile at the memory. It was actually kind of fun, in a weird way. I mean, I was so embarrassed, but seeing how happy my teammates were made it all worth it.

Gabi couldnt contain herself any longer. I have pictures! she exclaimed, pulling out her phone. 

Can I see? Allegra asked eagerly, leaning over Gabis shoulder.

Lakyn joined in the teasing, Yeah, Riley, you were like the hottest girl on the team! I mean, your abs were like chiseled stone.

Riley blushed at Lakyns words, feeling a mix of embarrassment and pride. Oh, come on, you guys are just being ridiculous, she protested, but couldnt help but feel a little flattered at the same time. I was just in good shape because of all the training. It wasnt anything special.

But seriously, Riley, Gabi chimed in, with a sly smile. You had abs for days. I remember you would always wear those cropped tops to practice and make the rest of us feel bad about ourselves.

Riley laughed at the memory. I didnt mean to make you feel bad, Gabi. I just wanted to show off all the hard work I put in.

Well, it definitely paid off, Allegra added with a grin. You are a total bombshell.

Riley smiled at the compliment. Thanks, guys. Its nice to know that my hard work doesnt go unnoticed.

Of course not, Gabi said, giving her a playful punch on the arm. And even if it did, we have the pictures to prove it.

Gabi began scrolling through her pictures. Guys always want proof when I tell that story, she defended herself, holding up the phone for the group to see.

Rileys eyes widened as she saw the image of herself, completely nude, on the screen. Gabi! You cant just carry around pictures of me like that!

What can I say? You were hot back then. Gabi pouted defensively, she showed off the pictures on her phone, giggling. See, look at her abs! And her legs! And her

Riley snatched the phone out of Gabis hand. Okay, okay, thats enough. Can we please change the subject now? Im starting to feel like a piece of meat here.

Allegra snickered. You know, you could probably sell those pictures online for some serious cash.

Riley groaned and buried her face in her hands. I cant believe this is my life.


Kiss and Tell (Chapter 5)

The show host, Samantha, stepped up to the mic and addressed the audience, Welcome back to their favorite game show, Kiss & Tell! Today, we will be testing couples knowledge of each other before we blindfold one of them and they are kissed by their partner and two strangers. If they can guess which kiss was from their partner, they win!

She continued, And as always, there are fantastic prizes for the winners. Lets bring out Lakyn, who will tell us more about what the lucky couples could take home today!

Lakyn, the stunning blonde, made her way onto the stage, wearing a tight-fitting dress that showed off her great legs. She took the mic from Samantha and began her spiel, Todays winners will receive not one, but TWO of everything! Thats right, two cars, two vacations, two sets of cookware, because lets face it, they will be breaking up right after this game anyway!

The audience laughed at Lakyns sarcastic humor, and she continued to joke about the ups and downs of relationships. John watched her intently, admiring her quick wit and charming personality.

He had seen Lakyn on TV for months, but seeing her in person, she was even more petite and delicate than he had imagined, with a tiny waist that he couldnt take his eyes off of.

Samantha turned to the next contestant, a middle-aged woman named Karen. So, Karen, are you excited to find out which kiss belongs to your partner?

Karen smiled nervously. Yes, I am. I have a feeling I might be able to tell.

The host chuckled. Well, well see about that. Now, lets blindfold Karen and bring out the kissers!

As Karen was blindfolded, the audience could see her husband standing next to her. They watched as the three kissers were introduced. John kept his eyes on Lakyn, admiring her beauty and grace.

Finally, it was Karens turn to receive her three kisses. The first kisser stepped forward and planted a sloppy, wet kiss on her lips. She tried her best to go along with it, but couldnt help but cringe at the feeling of saliva dripping down her chin.

As the kisser stepped back, Karen shook her head. No, that cant be my partner. Theyre a neat freak and would never kiss like that. It was way too sloppy.

The host nodded in understanding. Interesting observation, Karen. Lets see how the next kiss compares.

The second kisser approached, and Karen took a deep breath. After the kiss, she shook her head. No, that one wasnt it either. It was toogentle. My partner is a passionate kisser, and that kiss just didnt have the spark that we have.

Samantha grinned. Well, that leaves us with the third kiss. Do you think that was your partners kiss?

Karen nodded confidently. Yes, I do. It just felt right.

The host turned to the kisser who delivered the third kiss. Alright, lets see if Karen is correct. Are you the partner?

The kisser removed their mask, revealing Karens husband. Karen squealed in delight and ran to embrace him.

John watched the scene with a smile, happy for the couples success, but his mind is still on Lakyn. Finally, the second show ended and the models started walking into the audience to deliver their kisses.

John watched as Lakyn playfully kissed an old man on the forehead, feeling a twinge of disappointment. However, his spirits lifted as she began to walk towards his section.

As Lakyn approached him, John felt his heart racing. She was even more beautiful in person, and he couldnt take his eyes off her legs as she made her way down the aisle. When she stopped at his row, he felt his stomach flip.

Hi there, are you ready for a kiss? Lakyn said with a smile as she leaned in close. Do you mind if I sit in your lap?

John could not believe what he was hearing, Uh, sure, his voice shaking slightly as he put his arms around her tiny waist.

As John placed his hand on Lakyns bare thigh, he felt the coolness of her skin send goosebumps up his arm, and he couldnt help but feel a sense of arousal. For hours, he had been mesmerized by the sight of Lakyns long, toned legs, and now he could finally feel them under his fingertips.

He was in awe of the smoothness of her skin, marveling at how soft and silky it felt. He couldnt help but run his hand up and down her thigh, taking in the sensation of her flesh as he squeezed her thigh gently.

As Lakyn settled onto his lap, John tried his best to keep his hands from wandering, but he couldnt help but feel a little aroused by her closeness. Lakyn seemed to sense his nervousness and she lightly massaged his earlobe while speaking softly to him.

Are you okay? she asked, her voice gentle.

John nodded, his heart pounding in his chest. Yeah, Im good.

Youre so sweet, Lakyn said, shifting her weight in his lap. Whats your name?

John, he replied, feeling nervous but trying to act casual.

Lakyn smiled at him, then leaned in for the kiss. As she did, John was struck by Lakyns intoxicating scent and The taste of the fruity lip gloss she wore. Like a mix of mint and something sweet. He couldnt help but feel a little lightheaded as she pressed her lips against his and lightly massaged his ear. His heart was racing, and he struggled to keep his hands in place.

Just as he was starting to get comfortable, Lakyn surprised him by sneaking her tongue into his mouth. John was momentarily taken aback, but quickly followed her lead, letting their tongues dance together.

As the buzzer went off, signaling the end of the 30-second kiss, Lakyn didnt immediately pull away. Instead, she went hard on the kiss, pushing her tongue into Johns mouth and exploring every inch. John was caught off guard by the sudden intensity of the kiss, but he didnt resist. Instead, he let himself be carried away by the passion and the heat of the moment.

For a few more seconds, Lakyns lips were locked onto his, and John could feel her tongue moving back and forth in his mouth. He could taste the fruity sweetness of her lip gloss and feel her breath on his skin.

Youre a great kisser, John, Lakyn said, wiping her lipstick off of his face as she pulled back. Thanks for being such a good sport.

I have to get back to work okay? She smiled mischievously at him, then jumped up off his lap, giving him a playful wink as she moved on to the next audience member. John sat there in a daze, hardly believing what had just happened. He couldnt stop thinking about Lakyn and how amazing she had tasted and smelled.

The rest of the show passed in a blur, but John couldnt wait to see Lakyn again. As soon as the show was over, he made his way to the autograph table and waited in line for his chance to talk to her.

When he finally made it to the front of the line, Lakyn smiled and greeted him warmly. Hey, its nice to see you again, she said, leaning in close.

John felt his heart skip a beat as he handed her his program to sign. Yeah, its great to see you too, he managed to say, his voice still shaking slightly.

I had a really great time kissing you, she said with a playful smile. As Lakyn signed his program, she slipped him a piece of paper with her phone number written on it. I have a day off next week, she whispered. Maybe we can grab a coffee, and do it again?

John couldnt believe his luck. He smiled and nodded, feeling like the happiest man on earth. I would love that, he said.

As he walked away John felt like he had just won the lottery.


