A couple women "catch", and Victor is caught in the act.	

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 8 (mf, mff, 1st, bi, inc, mc, nc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Lily and I continued our fun with the local female SpiritWalk players, her enjoying their oral skills while I filled the mind-controlled women's pussies up with sperm.

A few weeks later, my sister Gina told Mom and me that she was pregnant, and since she didn't remember jumping me all those times, she just assumed that it was her boyfriend's. That guy took off for parts unknown when he found out, so I would be stuck with her until I went off to university in a couple years. Gina decided to keep the secretly incestuous baby...I just hoped that it wouldn't come out with two heads.

---

Speaking of pregnancy...

Lily came to my house for a visit. One moment I was meeting her at my bedroom door, the next thing I knew I was on the floor. I sat up and rubbed my sore jaw. The hot blonde was towering over me, her hands balled into fists. I had deja vu from our first meeting.

"Tabby's pregnant but thinks she's still a virgin! Her family believes her and thinks it's the second coming! You have any idea how that could have happened, sex god?!"

"Oh shit."

"Yeah, shit! I told you to stay away from her, Victor! Now she won't be able to go to college or become an entrepreneur like she wanted. She'll be busy raising a child for the next 20 years instead! Oooh!"

She made as if she was going to kick me. I turtled.

"Goddamnit, Victor!"

 I waited, but the kick didn't come. I looked up...she was gone. "Well, fuck." I pulled out my phone.

"What's up, Victor?" Trent de Ruyter answered.

"Got time to talk?"

---

Lily stayed away the next day and wasn't responding to my texts. Frustrated, I commanded the Phys Ed teacher to leave his office unlocked and fuck off for an hour or so while I directed one of the other cheerleaders to join me there. Sheena was blonde, also 16, and physically similar to Lily, though her breasts were smaller, like Tabby's. I pulled off my pants, sat in the teacher's chair, and had her ride me with those strong legs, facing me, while wearing her uniform. I had tweaked the script a bit.

"Ooh, you feel so good inside me, Victor," Sheena whispered into my ear as she bounced in my lap. "Do you feel how hot my body is for you?"

This was a definite improvement to the script! Previously, the hypnotized women would just keep quiet during sex, other than some gasps and groans. "Oh, hell ya!" I responded as I grabbed her tight buns under that short skirt and felt her insides grip me as she came. That was another improvement, making her body more sensitive. I'd probably have to tweak it, but pretty much any stimulation could set her off.

"Nn! Nnh!" Sheena moaned as pleasure radiated through her body, making her bounce harder.

With her blonde hair swirling all around her head, I could almost pretend that it was Lily who was fucking me. "Kiss me..." I commanded her, and we mashed our mouths together, her tongue snaking in to battle with mine. I felt her cum again, which set off my own orgasm.

She pulled back and groaned upon feeling my manhood throb inside her unprotected depths. "Oh yesss..." she moaned, "fill me..." And I felt her cum again, or maybe it was just that same orgasm intensifying as the 'insemination cum' part of the script kicked in.

Sheena shook as my cock throbbed and spat liquid life deep inside her, her mesmerized body pulling the dangerous substance deeper inside her. "Huhh! Huhhh..." she huffed.

Finally, our bodies calmed down and I got her to stand up. I grabbed some tissues from a box on the teacher's desk to catch my semen before it made a puddle at her feet. The script would make sure that Sheena took care of the mess and then forget this ever happened, while I continued the rest of my day with a big stupid grin on my face.

---

I sent a command to Sheena to meet me at my home after school. I was taking a chance, as I didn't know what she was doing at that moment, but I was missing Lily and Sheena really reminded me of her. I waited in my room until I heard the game's chat signal that she had arrived. I looked out into my yard, but she wasn't alone!

"Hellooo! Earth to Sheena!" a brunette girl said to her. "What are we doing here?"

Fuck fuck fuck! Sheena must have been with a friend when she got my command through SpiritWalk. I mentally noted that I'd have to be more careful as I brought the Master Console up. I sighed and relaxed as I saw that Sheena's friend Darcie was also a player. I quickly sent her a basic command to shut up and do as she was told, and after she checked her phone, so did so.

I opened my bedroom window. "Hop up," I told them, and I helped Sheena up and in. Darcie, however, was obviously not a cheerleader, or even athletic. Both Sheena and I had to awkwardly pull her into my raised first-floor bedroom together.

I had a look at Darcie. She was overweight, though not fat, with big, dark brown eyes. She was short but had some nice big boobs, though nothing compared to Mrs. Whittaker, my favorite teacher.

I had planned to just fuck Sheena again, pretending she was Lily, but Darcie gave me an alternate idea. I pulled up the Master Console again and loaded our threesome script for Darcie, with a variation of it for Sheena.

Once the push notification arrived on their phones, both girls pulled off their clothes and got onto my bed, Sheena on her back, her legs spread like Lily's usually would be, and Darcie on her hands and knees between them. Darcie leaned forward to give her friend oral pleasure as I lined my cock up with her puffy pussy.

"Hngk!" Darcie cried out into Sheena's muff as I pushed my hard cock inside her and felt something give. Shit, another virgin! If sex was a video game, I'd probably be earning an achievement. Cherry Buster? I paused to let her get used to the intrusion before continuing.

"Oh shit, your tongue feels so good, Darcie," Sheena moaned.

Right, I forgot that I added verbal feedback to the scripts. I experimentally pulled back a bit, noting Darcie's moans into her friend's crotch, before slowly pushing back in. The former virgin seemed to be taking me easily enough, so I sped up my thrusts. The brunette's insides were very tight, as were most of the virgins I'd had...it made sense, of course...I was 'trailblazing', after all.

*Knock knock!*

I stopped moving. "Don't come in!" I called out.

"You watching porn, you little perv?" It was my sister Gina! "It's too loud!"

"Sorry, I'll...keep it down..."

I heard my sister huff and stomp away back to her room, and then I let out the breath I'd been holding. "Keep quiet," I urged my companions before I continued to thrust.

Surprisingly, the excitement of almost getting caught had made me as hard as steel instead of deflating my member. I wondered if maybe Lily's adventurousness was rubbing off on me. I needed to finish quickly, so I grabbed Darcie's substantial hips and thrust into her fast.

"Mph mph mhp," I heard her gasp into Sheena's pussy.

"You gonna fill her up, Victor?" Sheena whispered up to me. "Gonna plant your flag in her virgin womb?"

"Oh shit!" I gasped as the thought of that set me off and I did that very thing, busting my nut deep inside her curvy friend.

"HHhhhnn!" Darcie moaned, cumming as she felt my hot cum splatter her unprotected depths.

"Oh, I was almost there..." Sheena whisper-moaned.

I quickly pulled out of Darcie and pushed her body up so that she was straddling her friend's torso, and then I shoved my still-spurting cock right up inside Sheena's gaping gash.

"Huhh!" the blonde gasped as she felt the last spurts of my cum inside her, and then she was cumming as well, her undulating insides urging one last burst of dangerous sperm to penetrate her defenseless depths.

My door flew open. "I said--!"

I froze and turned to see my sister standing there in a half-top and tight yoga pants, her mouth open, her face unbelieving. My brain cross-wired as our eyes met, my current sexy situation getting mixed up with my memories of my hypnotized sister riding me, and another orgasm blew through my loins. I instinctually shoved myself as far as possible inside Sheena and moaned as my body somehow shot a second load into the hypnotized girl.

"Huhh! Hnhh!" Sheena moaned as she came again.

"You...you're..." Gina's own brain seemed to be short-circuiting at seeing her geeky little brother somehow in a threesome on his bed. Finally, she backed out of the room and closed the door, keeping her eyes on the impossible situation through the dwindling gap as long as possible until it finally closed.

I quickly pulled out of Sheena and grabbed for my pants. The Master Console! It was my only option! I selected Gina, tapped Take Control, loaded the basic 'do what I say' script, and then tapped Send.

"MOM!" Gina called out from the hallway.

I heard a chime from Gina's room. She didn't have her phone on her! I had to do something, and quickly! I yanked my door open, startling my sister.

"Gah!" she cried out at seeing my full-frontal naked self.

"What is going on?" I heard Mom call out from the back door. I only had seconds...

I closed my bedroom door behind me and then grabbed and groped Gina's breasts, making her gasp.

"What the fuck!?"

Then I took off into her room.

"Come back here, you fucker!"

About 30 seconds later, my mother came around the corner, stopping at my bedroom door, but at my whimper, she turned and joined us in Gina's room. "Victor McCullough! Why the hell are you naked in your sister's room?!"

I was holding my hands over my now thoroughly deflated penis, which also hid Darcie's virgin blood from sight. "I...I was going to have a shower. Gina saw me without my clothes, and said she was gonna get me in trouble. I ran in here because she blocked me from my room and the bathroom while she was yelling for you."

"Gina? Is this true?"

Gina was standing there next to me, dazed, and she nodded at my whispered command. In the intervening time, I had grabbed her phone, swiped across the screen, and then pointed it at her face to unlock it. Then, when she had noticed the push command from the Master Console, she had fallen under its 'spell', just in time.

Mom frowned. "Well, I'm very disappointed in you, Gina. You're going to be a mother in less than a year, and you'll need to grow up quickly. I'll figure out what your punishment should be later. As for you, Victor, you should wear clothes in the hall, even if you're just heading for a shower, okay?"

"Yes, Mom."

"Now..." Mom turned back to my bedroom door and opened it wide.

"Wait--!" I called out.

"Victor! Get over here!"

Oh shit oh shit! I quickly padded over next to her.

"This room is a total disaster area, young man! Clothes everywhere, and it smells like..." She stepped into my room, gave a couple of sniffs, and then frowned, looking thoughtful. "...like...um...well, it smells. Spray some air freshener in here...I see you've already opened your window, so that's a start." She turned back to me, her eyes reflexively flashing across my almost naked form, save for what my hands could cover. Then she looked away, embarrassed, before turning and leaving.

I closed the door behind her and collapsed face-first upon my bed, thanking the preprogramming in the Master Console script that had told Sheena and Darcie to head back to wherever they had been before my commands had arrived.

Then I felt the cold wetness of the puddle of cum that had been left on my bed. Ugh! Now I really would need a shower. Right after commanding my sister to forget what she had seen, of course.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)