The Bathing Suit
byDontBeShyNow©

It was a very hot day toward the beginning of summer and my boyfriend Austin was coming over to hang out by the pool. My parents were out of town for the weekend and hadn't thought better of leaving their eighteen-year-old daughter the house to herself. I knew that he would be excited if I gave him a bit of eye candy when he arrived, so I began strategically planning my outfit.

I knew we would end up sunbathing and potentially swimming in the pool, so I entered my bedroom and pulled out some old bathing suits. I was no tailor but I knew I could have fun experimenting with some of my old suits. I pulled out a few bikinis that didn't quite fit and then found my scissors. After making a few snips without being satisfied, I spotted my black one-piece I'd worn when I was about fourteen years old. I grinned mischieviously as I eyed it, taking in the sight and letting my mind go wild with what I could do with it. Austin would be pleased.

I first tried on the bathing suit just to see where everything fell into place. It covered most of my chest, although my tits were begging to be let out of the tight confines of the suit. Between my legs, the suit gave me a nice cameltoe, nothing too noticable but it was still there. I grabbed a permanent marker from my desk and made a few marks on the suit, barely visible but I knew they were there for my own measurement purposes.

I removed the suit and instead of putting my clothes back on, I stood bare naked in my room. I even went to my window and opened the curtain a little, opening my window as well to let in a breeze. I was feeling damp between my legs and couldn't help myself, peering outside to my backyard to see if anyone was watching. The backyard led to a forest, but there were houses on either side of me. I carefully swung one leg out of the window and planted my other firmly on the bedroom floor. My pussy was gaping open and the breeze was pleasant as it grazed my skin. My nipples hardened and stuck straight out of my perky breasts. I found myself grinding against the window sill and gathering even more moisture between my legs. Before I got too carried away, I reminded myself of the suit and reluctantly removed myself from the window sill.

Grabbing the scissors, I was careful as I made the first changes on the bathing suit. The first thing I did was cut out a large portion of the back. I made sure that there was nothing to cover the backside of my body except a small portion of material on my ass. I kept cutting until I was sure there would be a generous view of the sides of my breasts from either side.

I then went to the bottom of the material that was supposed to cover my ass. I cut it so that my ass cheeks would clearly hang out, forming cute little mounds above my legs. It looked like a slightly thick thong from the back.

I then flipped the suit to the front. I knew I wanted to expose a little bit of pussy. I snipped away a large portion of material used to cover my upper legs, knowing those parts would now reveal my lower stomach and also imply that I was shaved.

For the finishing touch, I cut a deep v out of the front of the suit that reached below my belly button. This meant that my breasts would only be covered by two thin strips that covered little besides my nipples. I knew it would be easy to have something pop out, but it would be just me and Austin, and I knew he wouldn't mind.

I heard Austin's car pull in the driveway so I scrambled into my suit. I looked in the mirror and was pleased with my work, knowing I'd probably flash more than just a smile that afternoon. I covered myself up by putting on a big nightshirt, letting it fall to my upper thighs.

When I greeted Austin at the door, I hugged him tightly, knowing he'd be able to feel my erect nipples through the shirt and tiny suit. He smirked at me, knowing I was up to something. I immediately led him back to the pool area, sitting down with him on the lounge chairs.

After just a few short minutes, I announced my discomfort. "It's pretty damn hot out here," I said, hooking my fingers in the bottom of the shirt. As I began pulling it up, I added, "But it's about to get hotter." 

Austin's face was priceless when he saw me in the suit. Instantly, he had his shirt off and was left in just his swim trunks and his excitement was proven when I saw a small bulge begin to form.

I heard something next door and saw my male neighbor on his deck in his backyard. It was elevated so I knew he could clearly see me. I sent a cute wave his way paired with a smile, acting innocent in my bathing suit that proved the opposite. He smiled back nervously and started up his grill, pretending to be occupied by anything else.

"It seems that it might be easy to get burned in that gorgeous little number, Mandy," Austin declared. He picked up the tanning lotion and shot me a lustful gaze.

"Hm, I guess I'll have to make sure I don't miss anything," I teased as I took the lotion from his grip. He looked disappointed, clearly wanting to apply it himself, but I winked to assure that he was in for a show.

I laid back on the lounger and saw my neighbor from the corner of my eye and knew I had an audience of at least two men. I squirted the lotion onto the palm of my hand and it was already warm from being in the sun. I first lathered up my arms, leaving no part of them untouched.

I gradually moved down to my legs, starting at my ankles. I knew from the way I was sitting up and bending over, my tits hanging down, that my audience would be graced with the sight of the sides of my tits. If only they knew what they'd be in for later.

I worked my way up my ankle to my calves and knees, then my thighs. I gave a slight moan for the men's sake as I massaged my own legs, finishing up quickly on the area near my pussy to tease them.

I put a small amount of sunscreen near my belly button and spread it out, my fingers sliding beneath the two strips holding my breasts in place. As I moved up, my fingers finding their way into my cleavage, I boldly took my lotion-soaked hands and slid them under the two respective strips, each hand resting on one of my tits. I closed my eyes and leaned back, feeling my palms in direct contact with my nipples and letting out a groan at the feeling. I opened my eyes just a sliver to see Austin rubbing himself outside of his swim trunks and my neighbor biting his lip to hold back from moaning as he took out some burgers to put on the grill.

Once I decided that my part of the show was over, I granted Austin's wishes and handed him the bottle of tanning lotion. He excitedly stood up and straddled my ass once I rolled over on my stomach. I could feel his bulge against my scantily clad ass cheeks along with him slowly grinding against my as he poured a generous amount of the warm lotion on the center of my back. As he worked my back, intending more of a massage than actually protecting my skin, I reached over onto the table next to my lounger and picked up my shades. Once I put them on, I knew I could watch our little voyeur without him even knowing.

Austin focused his concentration on the sides of my breasts, occasionally slipping his hands under the strips to feel my nipples and rub the lotion on them until they were slippery. He continued like this for about ten minutes until I decided my back was covered and told him to work on the backs of my legs.

I peeked up at my neighbor and held back a grin when I saw him openly staring at me. He had taken off his shirt, which was excusable because of the heat, but I doubted that was the reason, especially when I saw his hand near his shorts as he flipped burgers on the grill.

Austin's hands were like magic as they paid special attention to my legs. He made sure to cover every inch of my skin, both of us knowing it was more for his benefit than mine. Once he finished my upper legs, knowing he would be lathering up my ass next, I bent my body so my ass was sticking right out at him, like I was in a modest doggy-style position. I wondered if my neighbor could get even a fraction of the view I knew Austin was getting, especially since the strip of material beneath my pussy was soaking wet.

Austin was very slow to finish up my ass and I was grateful, getting very worked up with every stroke. I knew I was fully covered in lotion and wondered what stage two of my exhibition would be. I decided I'd let things happen on their own until then when I went over to the side of pool, Austin quick to follow.

As I pranced around the edge of the pool, I could feel my tits bouncing around. Once I reached the opposite side, I felt my nipple clinging on to the very last centimeter of material and threatening to pop out of the side. I didn't touch it and, in fact, tried to formulate a plan that would allow the nub to make an appearance without making it seem intentional. Casually, I stretched out with my arms over my head, jutting the front of my body out at anyone who was watching. I felt my nipple escape the strip it had been held in and my entire tit jiggled as it sprung out. I even felt my pussy get a little more exposed as I started getting a wedgie in the front of my suit.

I acted as if nothing happened and Austin looked giddy with excitement once he saw the puckered pink bud. I nonchalantly sauntered down the steps of the ladder and submerged myself beneath the water. I was greatly disappointed when I felt my tit fall back into place beneath the strip of material.

Nothing too exciting happened during our first dip in the pool, although Austin seemed to be trying to get a little frisky along the edge of it as we made out. I kept stealing glances at my neighbor and wondered if he was actually cooking anything, because otherwise it would be extremely burnt at that point.

After some time, Austin was called by his mother to fix something at home and promised he's be back soon. We both exited the pool and I rested on the lounger, basking in the sunlight with my sunglasses on again as I drifted to sleep.

I woke up to a few gusts of wind I had assumed were going on while I was sleeping as well. I didn't bother to open my eyes until I felt my torso getting warmer than it had before. I opened my eyes without removing my sunglasses and realized the wind had been pushing the strip over my breast to the side. I held back a grin and pretended to be asleep, still watching from behind my shades, until the wind managed to free both of my tits at once, exposing them to the afternoon air.

I didn't want my neighbor to be aware of what was going on, so I stayed still, not drawing attention to the fact that I was awake. I struggled when the breeze tickled the sensitive flesh of my nipple and sweat droplets forming on the newly exposed skin on my tits, causing my breasts to glisten more every second. I wanted to moan in pleasure and was glad I was pretending to be asleep so I didn't have to stop what was going on. My nipples had to be standing proudly at least an inch from my breasts as the breeze pleased them. The wind seemed to want to tease the neighbor as much as I did, constantly throwing gusts against my boobs and peeling the suit apart even further. Once Mother Nature seemed to have given it a rest, I peered down and realized the strips that had once been parallel in the center of my chest were now at my sides. The knot behind my neck holding them to my body was struggling to be untied and I wanted so badly for it to be undone. I looked over to my neighbor's deck out of the corner of my eye and, clearly thinking I was still asleep, he was rubbing his crotch through his shorts. That was when I drank in the sight of him. He was good-looking, probably in his mid-thirties and unattached based on the lack of women I'd seen at his house. I could clearly see a tent in his shorts and planned how I could get the top of my suit completely off.

Once I saw my neighbor turn to his grill, focusing on the burgers for a moment, I quickly loosened the knot behind my neck until the strings were merely laying on the lounger beneath me. The wind picked up again with the sides of my suit was barely hanging on, and I felt a tug on it as the wind picked up force. Eventually, when it was no longer very windy and starting to get hot again, I was completely topless, the top of the suit around my waist and my nipples glistening from my sweat. I was so aroused that I just wanted to be naked.

I pretended to groggily sit up and stretch as if I just woke up. I took off my shades and stood up, letting the bathing suit fall a bit down my legs since it wasn't being supported anymore. I pretended not to notice when my pussy was exposed to the sunlight, and once I felt the material becoming gravity's victim, I knew there was no turning back. The black one-piece pooled at my ankles and I was standing naked for my neighbor without him even knowing I was aware of it. I feigned a gasp and picked up the material in my hand, acting shocked. I then became very devious and shrugged, then went over to the pool. I got one of the inflatable tubes and tossed it into the water before getting into it. My ass hung out from the bottom, unable to be seen, but my tits were out in the open and I had spread my legs to get them over the rounded edge of the tube. I returned to my nap, hoping my neighbor enjoyed the show.

I woke up to the sound of Austin returning at my house. I quickly hopped out of the pool and put my suit back on, not wanting him to realize I had been naked and my neighbor had seen. I knew he loved when I showed off, but I wasn't sure how he'd feel about it when I did it without him there. I greeted him with a big hug as his hands encircled my body and tugged the thong-like part of my suit and it disappeared between the cheeks of my ass. I realized the view from behind me must have been quite a sight, with only a thin strip running along my waist and nothing else. 

To my surprise, my neighbor poked his head out from his back door and called out to us. "Hey kids, want some burgers?" he asked, and I was getting even more aroused at the fact that he was making it obvious that he had been watching us.

It was approaching four o'clock so Austin turned to me and nodded his head in agreement, still shirtless. We strolled over to his deck easily since there was no fence separating my backyard with his.

"Enjoying the sun, huh?" he asked casually. I knew that he was.

"Yeah, but it's so damn hot!" I exclaimed. Now was my opportunity to see if Austin approved of me showing off to my neighbor. "I just feel like this tiny suit is still too much clothing in this heat."

Austin was quick to chime in. "I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem if you took it off, babe," he suggested.

He didn't know that my neighbor had already seen me naked, but I did. My neighbor was getting the burgers from the grill and his cheeks appeared to be red, probably from the guilt of already seeing me exposed. I leaned over to Austin, about to ask if he'd be okay with me showing a little something when he winked and patted my bare thigh in approval.

My neighbor returned, placing a plate of food in front of all three of us. I put extra condiments on mine with a plan in mind. Once I bit into it, ketchup came oozing out, and it struck right where I wanted it to: on my suit. I let out a girlish squeal and went into a fake panic before untying the string behind my neck and letting the straps of material fall to my waist.

"That should make it easier for me to eat without getting anything on me," I said with a giggle. "I hope you don't mind," I added, directing it at my neighbor.

He simply shook his head, clearly unable to find words as he ogled my bare chest. Step one, complete. For step two, I simply changed my aim. As I took another bite, more of the ketchup poured onto me, but this time directly on my pussy. I looked sheepishly at the men around me and they simply nodded.

I stood up, wiping the ketchup off of me, and removed the suit completely. I was sitting there naked in front of my boyfriend and neighbor! My neighbor licked his lips but I doubted it was for his food.

I don't think the boys were expecting anything else, so I decided to shock them with step three. With my last bite, I watched as the final bit of ketchup landed on my bare pussy. I grinned when Austin flashed me a smile and put on my best innocent face. "Would you mind cleaning this up for me, babe? I wouldn't want it going to waste," I teased.

He willingly obliged and leaned over, right in front of my neighbor, and planted a kiss right on the mound of my pussy, sucking up what had fallen there. I was so aroused that I was sure I was forming a puddle on my chair.

Once we all finished, I asked my neighbor if he'd like to come over for a swim. He told us his name was Adam, and we introduced ourselves as we walked back to the pool. I had my suit bunched up in my hand and I tossed it over at the loungers as we walked over the water. When we were all inside, I came up with a naughty idea to get Adam more than just a sight he'd never forget.

"Let's play Marco Polo!" I said excitedly. The two men agreed and I was the first to go.

Once I caught Austin and knew it was him I'd be tagging, I teasingly reached down and tagged his erection beneath his swim trunks. He groaned at this and then I had another idea.

"I don't think it's very fair that I'm the only one not wearing clothes," I complained with a pout. Before I knew it, both of their trunks were being tossed to the side of the pool. I stole a glance at Austin to see if he was okay with it, and his erection spoke wonders for him.

It was Austin's turn to be it, and he awkwardly caught Adam. I wondered if their cocks touched each other beneath the water or something because they avoided eye contact. I so wished I was part of that.

My dreams came true when Adam was headed toward me. Of course, he couldn't see me, but I was ready and willing to be tagged by him. I pushed out my chest to assure he'd grab one tit or the other, but to my pleasant surprise, both of his hands reached out and he unknowingly grabbed both. I squealed at the feeling and he opened his eyes after squeezing my tits and realizing what he was holding. I felt his cock press against my thigh underwater and moaned, knowing how hard it was.

This went on for a while until we were tired of playing. Adam got a few good gropes of my tits and I was able to feel his dick brush against my skin a few times.

Austin excused himself, probably to use the bathroom, so I joined Adam who was sitting on the edge of the pool. I sat next to him, slightly turned toward him so my hard nipple was pressed against his chest. I rubbed his arm with a sultry smile as I looked up at him.

"It was so nice meeting you today," I said, then looked directly at his hard erection and added, "and you, too."

Adam chuckled to himself and I watched as he stared at my tits, trying to keep his eyes away from my pussy. Just then, as I thought he was about to kiss me, my dog found his way between us and I laughed at the irony of the situation. The night settled down at that point and eventually Adam went home and Austin took me right on the side of the pool, but that wasn't the last time I wore that bathing suit, and it definitely wasn't the last time Adam saw me in it.


The Bathing Suit Ch. 02

"I dare you..." Austin began. Oh no, I knew what was coming. His dares for me had been getting more and more provocative, almost all of them showing off my body after he'd seen how much I enjoyed showing off to Adam. "I dare you to wear the bathing suit from last weekend."

"No problem," I smirked. That was no big deal. I loved wearing that bathing suit. From the back it almost looked like I wore nothing at all and the front was, well, easily accessible to say the least.

"Oh no, I was thinking we'd go to Mike's. He's having a pool party barbeque thing and I think our friends would love to see you in that bathing suit."

"They'd like to see it on the floor, that's what they'd like," I mumbled.

Austin put his hand on my bare thigh and rubbed close to my pussy as he sweetened the deal. "Come on, no limits, no rules. Tell you what, if you show off your tit five times, I'll take you shopping and you can have anything you want. Within reason, of course."

"Oh, so now I'm not only wearing the bathing suit in front of a bunch of your guy friends, but I'm supposed to be flashing my tits, too?" I couldn't believe he was challenging me to do this, although my pussy was becoming wetter and wetter as he kept talking about it.

"It was just an idea, you don't have to do it," Austin said, sounding let down. I knew he'd try to guilt me into it.

"Fine, fine, I'll do it. How many people are gonna be there?" I resigned.

"Fantastic. Mike said he was having 5 or 6 of the guys over but he said you're totally welcome."

I rolled my eyes and went upstairs. I had about an hour to get ready and see what I'd gotten myself into.

-----------

When Austin and I arrived at Mike's, I was wearing a thin cover-up. It wouldn't be long before I had it off because I knew I wanted that shopping spree Austin promised, but I didn't want to jump into things too quickly.

We seemed to be the last people there, as there were approximately five of Austin's friends sitting by the pool, including Mike. All of them were in swim trunks without shirts on and I felt out of place being the only girl there. Austin sensed my nervousness and rubbed my back gently, encouraging me to go toward the guys with him.

Casual greetings were exchanged and I was re-introduced to some of the guys. There was Liam, who had clearly been working out since the last time I saw him and seemed to be all too eager to introduce himself. Dean was next to him and a little shy, but he made up for it with his tan, firm body. Tony was a few feet away and while he wasn't all that built, he was extremely charming. Last was Joe, who I admittedly had a crush on before I got together with Austin. He had a nice face and incredible body, and I wondered how I got myself into such a mix of testosterone.

Austin disappeared toward Mike to help him with something on the grill and I found a seat next to Joe. All the guys seemed to keep glancing at me as if they were waiting for me to take off my cover-up, and since I was getting a little hot looking at all of the toned bodies and being under the blazing sun, I figured "what the hell."

I made a big show off it, standing up and reaching for the zipper by my collarbone. I slowly tugged it down my chest, exposing more and more cleavage, and with the way the bathing suit was set up it probably looked like I was naked underneath. Wanting to involve the boys a little more and prepare them for the eventual flashing, I pretended the zipper was stuck right above my pussy. All of the boys jerked, ready to come to the rescue, but Joe was closest and therefore he handled it.

He knelt down, his face just a foot from my pussy, as he took the zipper in his hands and tugged on it to no avail. His face got closer as he kept trying and I looked around to see if Austin could see but he was nowhere in sight. I wondered what he meant by "no rules" before but I was starting to get an idea of what I wanted it to mean.

Finally, after enough of a struggle, the zipper was completely undone and I slid the cover-up off my body. The boys stared and it seemed as if they hadn't seen a girl before, even though I knew most of them had girlfriends anyway.

Conversations resumed and I suddenly felt out of place again. Joe, however, turned toward me and seemed to want to make me the center of attention again (well, his attention, at least).

"You look incredible in that bathing suit, Mandy. Austin is one lucky guy," he complimented. I wondered if I was blushing.

"Don't flatter me. This old thing? It's a miracle it even covers my important bits!" I teased. If only he knew what he was in for.

Austin interrupted our flirty conversation by pulling up a chair. I shot him a glance to try to let him know I was about to proceed with flash number one, but he wasn't getting it.

"Excuse us for one second," I told Joe, taking Austin by the hand and pulling him out of earshot.

"I was just warming him up. I was about to give him a look at my tit and you spoiled it!" I whined.

"You were about to give him a look and just about anything else," Austin smirked, surprisingly content with all of this.

I blushed, realizing I'd been caught in my little crush. "Aren't you mad?"

He shook his head. "I would be, but he's moving to California soon. No chance of some secret love affair there. Plus, it's pretty hot knowing you're about to show off to him."

"Wow, um, well then," I said as I processed it all. Was he giving me free reign with Joe? I decided to test the waters. "So when you said no rules, you meant..."

"It means whatever you want it to mean. I know you love me and this is a one-time thing, or at least it is for now. Let loose and have fun!" he told me. "Oh, and by letting loose, you might want to let me help you with that." He turned me around and loosened the tie behind my neck just a bit, which made the bathing suit a bit looser. I wondered how easily I'd be able to show off now.

"You're the best boyfriend ever," I said, pressing my lips to his in a full, passionate kiss.

"Go get 'em, tiger," he said, giving me a light slap on the ass to point me in Joe's direction.

I hadn't realized how much Austin had loosened the bathing suit until I started walking. The two straps that the bathing suit basically consisted of felt less and less present against my body. I realized that the string was going to untie on its own due to how loose it was and I bit my lip, nervous for what was about to happen.

I played it cool and let it happen as an accident, because that's what it would be after all, an accident, right? Before I had time to process my thoughts, Joe was looking in my direction and said, "Mandy, your su--" but before he could finish the suit was already around my waist.

I feigned shock and covered my breasts with my hands, but not after I was sure all the boys got a look at my tits. I pretended to be embarrassed, which was easy because a bit of me was, before sitting down on the sun lounger next to Joe again, my hands still cupping my tits.

Austin had disappeared with Mike again but after our conversation I was sure he was watching somehow.

"Would you help me tie my bathing suit again?" I asked innocently as if I hadn't known what would happen.

Confidently, Joe replied, "I'd rather not," before giving in and walking behind me. My hands still covered my tits so he had to reach down at my waist for the straps to tie them and as he pulled them up over my chest, I released my tits and I could feel him pause when he realized his hands were tracing over my bare breasts. His fingers lingered over the edges of my nipples before he finally tied the string around my back. I caught sight of Austin briefly and he gave me a thumbs up.

"How about we all go for a swim?" Liam suggested loudly, brining us all out of our side conversations. The guys agreed and I hesitated, but not for long as Joe took my hand comfortingly and led me over to the pool.

"Chicken fights!" Tony shouted, cannonballing into the pool. I thought it would be a little awkward with me being the only girl involved and wondered how this would work.

Dean paired up with Joe, to my dismay, since I really liked the idea of my pussy on his shoulders. I instead went with Liam, and Tony was the referee since he wouldn't be able to lift those guys and it would have been more interesting with me involved instead of him.

After getting up on Liam's shoulders and straddling the back of his neck, I realized I was going to be battling Joe and this could get fun. With a mischievous grin, I took hold of his arms and the "chicken fight" began. Encouraging shouts were flying, even from Dean, to try to get us to take each other down. Tony was splashing water up at us to make it more difficult. Joe and I were forced closer and closer, and soon enough his hand slipped, pushing one of the straps of my bathing suit to the side and exposing my entire left breast. He was taken back, shocked, and probably a bit guilty and confused as to what to do next, so I took the opportunity to take him down. I lunged forward too quickly and ended up taking Liam down with me, and soon all four involved were in the water trying to reach for someone and battle it out. I felt a bulge against my ass and turned behind me, seeing that Liam was behind me and trying to grab Tony and get him in on the water war. Had I turned him on? Could he see my tit when he was under me? I realized amongst all the splashing and groping (the guys seemed to be "accidentally" groping me but being more playfully aggressive with each other) that both of my tits were now exposed and the string couldn't hold it anymore: once again the suit was around my waist. No one really noticed because they were too busy tackling each other, until I saw Joe approaching from behind and he got me in a playful headlock. His hands wandered until I was being squeezed against him at my chest, and then his hands parted and were fully groping my breasts. The guys noticed and gave us some space, pausing awkwardly and continuing a few feet away while Joe went from aggressive groping to a sensual massage.

With all the movement the suit was making its way down my legs and I'm sure Joe noticed this because one of his hands wandered down my stomach. In a horny frenzy, I tried kicking the annoying suit off of me underwater, leaving me totally naked and wet (in more ways than one) in Joe's hands.

To my dismay, Austin called out that the food was ready, and the guys all rushed to get some dinner, ignoring the naked girl in the pool, to my surprise. Austin's eyes lingered on me and he winked, mouthing "go for it" when he saw that Joe was staying in place when all of the guys were out of sight, probably inside.

I turned to face Joe and stared him straight in the eyes. "I'm naked... Isn't it only fair that you are too?"

He smirked and I felt a naked cock press to my stomach. He must have taken his swim trunks off when all the guys were getting out of the pool.

I wasn't sure where to go from there but I knew Austin approved and I had probably filled my quota for flashing and would get my shopping spree.

"You know, I don't think we know who won that chicken fight..." I teased, knowing his cock was inches away from my entrance.

"I think we both win," he mumbled, suddenly pushing me against the side of the pool and ramming into me. My slippery tits slid against his chest, and my erect nipples felt so good against his wet skin. He quickly took them one at a time in his mouth, alternating from left to right as he kept pushing into me. I'm sure the guys could hear my moans and I know Austin was smiling.



