Dual Apprentices - High Society - Part 2

Master Marrat had made her show him the place where she had dallied with the Coghlander. He examined the alley closely, then began etching small magical symbols about the place, on stones and into wood.

What are you doing? asked Crissa, watching with interest.

He looked back at her. Making this a safe place for you, replied Marrat.

Crissa rolled her eyes. Great, so youll put wards everywhere I have a liaison?

The old wizard shook his head. No, just the places where you are likely to have another.

She looked about. You really think I intended to come down here?

Marrat nodded. Yes. The way you described the events, you did choose this alley, at least some part of you did, he explained.

The apprentice gave a great sigh. Okay, she conceded. She sat upon the same crate she had sat upon before. Faintly, she could hear her cries of passion as the Coghlander rammed his thick pole into her on the barrel and she felt herself growing wet again. Master Marrat, I hate this.

He nodded. Until you can control yourself, I imagine you will, he replied. He turned his wrinkled face to her. Give yourself time, girl, and remember, youre young, you are supposed to be enjoying dalliances and such now.

I know, said Crissa, unconvincingly. But, I hate hurting Wenn.

Marrat nodded. I know you do, dear, and he knows you dont like it, either, and that is why he will, ultimately, forgive you.

This memory flowed through her mind briefly as she laid herself over the barrel, with Charel looming behind her and between her long, slim thighs. The memory faded quickly as he plunged his cock into her tight opening. He moaned at the warm sensation of her welcoming entrance and she moaned acceptance of him and at the wash of lust and happiness that washed over her.

The barrel creaked in protest again, rocking as he thrust into her. She was lying upon her belly this time, and he took her from behind. Not her rear entrance, but that debauched thought had entered her mind as he pushed into her. Wenn, alone, had taken her thus, entering her tighter and more forbidden hole. Crissa wondered how long that would be the case.

Charel was her sixth partner since coming to Norboro, four months ago, not including Wenn. They had all been brief affairs, no more than a few nights, and more often, one. She felt herself growing close to her climax, and began to concentrate in earnest upon the sex she was taking part in now, though it was not exceptional.

Charel was a competent lover, make no mistake, but he was not an incredible one. As he drove into her, she started eagerly meeting his thrusts and gripped his forearms for leverage. Harder, she commanded Charel

He did his best, she knew, and redoubled his efforts. Soon she cried out as the pleasure overtook her, his own orgasm feeding hers to fullness. There was one distinct advantage to being a empath, she decided, if she was only near to orgasm, sensing her partners climax almost invariably finished hers, as well.

He lay upon her for a long moment, and she enjoyed the feeling of being lain upon, the secure and protective weight upon her back. His cock still twitched within her. She quietly hoped he would swell for another erection and take her again.

This did not happen, though, his organ continued to soften and finally slipped from her tight cunt. Charel helped her to stand and pulled up his pants. Wow, I didnt expect that, he said. She felt a wave of smug self-assuredness wash over her from him. He thinks he is just that good, does he?

Crissa nodded. I never beat around the bush when I want a man to bed me, she said. Never have before, and never will in the future.

This comment, while answering his statement, also dismantled some of that self regard he was building about himself like a bastion wall. There was still a firm foundation, though. Its also very private, she added conversationally as she adjusted her skirt and half top. I screamed bloody murder with the last man, for hours, and no one even came to see what was going on.

There goes the last course of base stones, she thought and kissed him. No, good sir, you were good, but not the best, dont get illusions in your head and I may let you go for another ride.

He looked a bit disconcerted with her frank discussion of past lovers, but quickly recovered. Well, it was certainly pleasurable for me, thank you for accepting me to you, said Charel.

Much better, thought Crissa, a bit of humility goes a long way. She pressed her body to him and kissed him passionately. Next time, then? she asked and promised in three words. Do you frequent that tavern?

Yes, he replied, most nights for at least one beer.

She took his arm and started walking him out of the alley. Then I shall know where to find you, hmm? said Crissa.

They walked through town by the foggy and dull illumination of oil lamps located at the intersections of main streets. He stopped before Marrats home, having escorted her to the house. Thank you again, for a grand evening, Crissa.

Crissa smiled broadly. Thank you for the same, Charel, it was very pleasant. With that, she turned and entered the house.



By the One, Wenn, Shanelle said as she sat up, smiling. If a kiss can cause me to release thus, then imagin. . . .

She interrupted herself at what she was about to say.

I have given it thought, said Wenn. And when I find a young woman willing to help me learn more of that, I will then know and let you know.

She turned her nearly black eyes to him. In a way, weve made love already, said Shanelle. I mean, youve made me climax, three times.

Wenn nodded and kept still his tongue.

Would you think me forward if I suggested we try your experiment? she asked.

Not at all, replied Wenn. I would consider it a great honor to have such a beautiful test subject.

Shanelle giggled. Then come, she said, rising from the bench and taking his hand. She pulled him down the dock and up the stairs back to the cobbled streets of Norboro.

He soon found himself inside a small home, inside the foyer and moving up the stairs to the second floor. Where are we? asked Wenn.

Shanelle said, My employers wifes home. They normally rent it out, but they are between tenants.

As the couple slipped into the bedroom, he noted that the room was furnished. Must be expensive to rent, he commented.

She smiled. It is, they are letting me stay here until new tenants move in, so that there is someone keeping an eye on the place. I hope they never find suitable renters.

They embraced and kissed for a long moment. Are you going to cast the spell again? she asked, smiling.

Once weve begun, else we may never get that far, replied Wenn, truthfully. He moved his hands over the bare sides and back of the elven dress she wore and she moaned slightly as his hands rubbed the soft, smooth skin. At the center of her back was the knot that held the entire dress on. He pulled one of the ears and it came undone with no problems.

Shanelle giggled as she stepped back and the dress fell from her body. Only a loincloth decorated her now, tied about her waist with a leather thong. She watched him kick off his boots, and then stepped in to help him take off his shirt and pants. She glanced down at his swelling rod. I am a lucky girl, she said, smiling.

He untied her loincloth and found her to be a follower of elven fashion overall, for she had shaved her pubic hair off, and expertly so. When he ran his hand over her mound as he suckled on one of her breasts, he could not even feel stubble.

She groaned as he slid two fingers into her sopping wet slit. She produced far more lubricant than Crissa, he found, and saw that her thighs, even, glistened with the stuff. Or might that be an aftereffect of the spell from earlier?

The apprentice baker gave him a long look as she pulled him toward the bed with both hands. Cast your spell after you enter me, she said.

Of course, replied Wenn as she pulled him atop her then they kissed as she guided his cock to her opening. As her wetness suggested, he slid in with no effort and she grunted in pleasure as he found her depths.

I dont know that I. . . . she began to say.

Then, for her, the world melted away. It was replaced by the pleasure and joy of a full cunt, magnified many fold. She suddenly was her vagina, and nothing else in the universe mattered. She screamed right off, an orgasm tearing through her like a gale through a forest. Wenn pulled forth and pushed into her again and she screamed again, and again, she her entire body was seized with paralysis now, and she could not move. Fingernails were dug into the sheets, and Wenn heard them rip as she climaxed again. He feared she would faint, so casting feverishly again, he used the spell on himself.

The next morning, the sun warmed his backside as he lay upon the balcony floor, overlooking the street below. A wagon trundled past and he looked about blearily at the rising sun. Wow, said Wenn. He crawled back through the open door to the bedroom they had been in. Shanelle lay upon the floor, her groin covered in drying semen almost to her knees. She was curled in her sleep and he smiled to see she was fine. He barely remembered last night after he cast the spell, just ecstasy.

He lay himself before her and touched her brow, more of his spend had dried there, and in her hair. He looked down and saw that he had a good deal of it on himself, too. That must have been fun, but I wish I could remember it, he thought idly. His cock felt raw and well-worn.

Shanelle opened her eyes slowly, fluttering them. Good morrow, Wenn, she said, a smile coming to her lips. She moved slightly and groaned. By the One, I believe you tried to kill me, she added, grinning. Not that it would be a bad way to die.

She sat up. I have to get to the bakery, she said. I had permission to come in late today, but Ill not be paid, either.

Wenn nodded. As she rose to her knees there was a splash as a huge volume of semen spilled onto the floor from her well-worn vagina. She grinned sheepishly at it. Wow, Wenn, did you ever spend well last night.

He simply stared at the spreading pool of come and shook his head. Amazing, said Wenn, then stood up. He put on his shirt and saw his pants on the headboard of the bed. Leaning over the bed he placed one hand in the center to hold himself up and felt his hand sink into wetness. The bed was soaked.

Shanelle looked at him as he looked at his hand then she giggled. That would explain why Im very thirsty this morn.

I think, maybe, one of us should refrain from using that spell in the future, Wenn said, eyeing the semen still running down Shanelles thigh as she walked to the washbasin. She had an odd gait as she walked. Did you pull a muscle? he asked.

Unless you consider my butt hole a muscle, no, Shanelle said. And I will not ask why my throat hurts, for I fear the answer will trouble me for weeks. She was slipping on her dress now and said, Arent you supposed to go to the Academy this day?

Wenn nodded. But not until the fourth bell.

Shanelle kissed him. Well, then you let yourself out when youre ready, I must go, she said, and then whispered into his hear, Please call on me later at the bakery, so we can arrange another date.

---

Crissa was clearing breakfast as Wenn came into the house. He had kept the presence of mind to clean up before leaving Shanelles borrowed home.

I see you spent the night to your profit, quipped Crissa as Wenn foraged for some fruit from the cupboard.

Old Marrat looked at her askance. Crissa, he said in a warning tone. She bit off her words before she could utter more, turning back to the dishes. Wenn helpfully joined in, even if he had not partaken of the meal.

Crissa leaned toward him and sniffed. You smell of another woman, she whispered.

Wenn looked at her with a worried expression.

Dont worry, it arouses me, she said, smiling broadly, I shall have to remark you later with my own scent. Her mind felt the guilty stink evaporate from him, replaced by an oddly scented sense of worry.

Wenn chuckled at that then felt a twinge of fear thinking about trying to use his worn cock again so soon. He would do so for Crissa, even if it hurt him, he knew.

Suddenly, Wenn noticed she was wearing the elven outfit he had bought her. Youre going to wear that to the Academy? he asked, his eyes going wide.

Crissa nodded, sending a broad smile to him even as his pleasure at her clothing selection for the day flowed over her. I dont wish to embarrass you, she explained.

She felt affection well up in him as he said. You never embarrass me, angel, said Wenn, I just wish you to show off the assets the One blessed you with.

Well, today, at least, I will, she said with a broad grin. And, if I find the reaction to it favorable, perhaps we will have to go shopping for more.

No cloth? he asked, looking down at her skirt. Absent were the typical ends of the long loincloth normally worn with this sort of skirt.

She shrugged. Ive never worn undergarments, and do not intend to start now, explained Crissa. If it offends some, they will simply have to cope, wont they?

Youll not hear me complain, said Wenn, grinning. I hear many girls dont wear their cloths outwardly. They have them sewn into the skirt invisibly. They just WANT the boys to think they wear no undergarments.

Crissa bumped him with her hip. Then the lads will have a pleasant surprise when they see up my skirt, no? she asked.

Marrat muttered something about kids today as he shuffled out of the kitchen toward the study.

Wenn and Crissa spent the next hour preparing for their first day at the Academy. Once ready, they headed for the bell tower that rose above most of Norboro. The Academy was really a small walled compound, where most of the students lived in dormitories on the campus. However, the couple found themselves surrounded by other students walking toward the entry gate. The others all wore sashes of differing colors, some white, some blue, with a precious few green and black. The sashes indicated grade, with the youngest students wearing the white ones.

They started to walk through the gate a girl, wearing a white sash, moved from beside it and intercepted them. She was shorter than Crissa by almost a head and had her hair cropped in a haircut reminiscent of Abian soldiery. Crissa and Wenn? she asked as she got close enough to be heard over the various people beginning to talk in little groups as they met up with friends and acquaintances upon entering the gate.

They stopped and watched her close the last few feet. Yes, Crissa said while Wenn looked about them.

Im Peris, the girl said. Ive been assigned to show the two of you around and get you acquainted with the Academy. She smiled broadly at the two, but Crissa thought the smile she favored Wenn with was fractionally larger and a bit warmer, too.

Crissa nodded. We were worried about that, she said seriously. We werent even sure where to go right now.

Peris giggled. I understand. This place can be rather daunting at first. She looked about herself at the dozens of milling folk who were slowly working their way toward the large building that formed the base for the tall bell tower. Ive got your class assignments and hours, she announced and held out two pieces of paper. Theyre the same as mine, actually. Thats why I was selected.

Wenn smiled at her. I thought, perhaps, it was because you were so pretty, he said. Crissa fought back a flash of jealousy and felt a wave of pleasure come from Peris which caused her to have to clench her fists and tighten her jaw to keep from showing her dislike of the situation.

Peris blushed slightly. Well, she said, rubbing her neck. Thanks? She thought a long moment. I would have thought you two, being from the same town and all, and living in the same home. . . . She let the thought drift off.

We are really just friends, said Wenn hastily.

Crissa cast an askance look at Wenn and added, Who happen to share a bed.

Peris blinked at this display of jealousy in so-called friends, then shrugged. Ill leave that for you two to discuss, she said diplomatically. However, as I have been assigned to acquaint you two with the campus and with your classes and such. I do hope we can all be friends. She favored the two of them with a look of earnest hopefulness and Crissa felt that hope impact her mind so cleanly that she could not help but like the girl.

Im sure we will, said Crissa. She noted that Peris was wearing an outfit of similar cut to her own and with almost the same shade of green. We must, for we both share the same tailor.

Peris grinned at that, eyeing Crissas skirt and half-top. I see that, she said.

Wenn blinked and his jaw hung slack as he watched Crissa take credit for his clothing selection, but kept his tongue still. The keeping silent was easy, especially after the caustic look Crissa flashed at him when his jaw fell open. He clamped it shut.

The shorter girl with the brown hair held out pieces of white cloth to the two of them. Your sashes, as first year students, or the equivalent thereof, she said.

Wenn and Crissa slipped the sashes over their shoulder, as Peris wore hers. She had several small symbols embroidered upon hers, but theirs were bare. What are those for? asked Crissa, eyeing the little symbols.

Awards for achievement and completion, said Peris, looking down. That one, she pointed to one of the symbols, was for mastering the rules of etiquette regarding titled nobility. Then she laughed. Most of the others are for equally important things of earth-shattering moment.

Shes got a sense of humor, Wenn thought, very nice.

Crissa cast him another sidelong look as she felt the low-level wave of desire emanate from Wenn, directed at Peris. She smiled inwardly at this display of unbridled emotion from her partner. Sometimes, she liked how it felt to see him desire others.

Peris escorted them to a small chamber filled with smaller desks and chairs. They peered through the cracked door. This is mathematics studies, said Peris. Our first class, normally, of the day. Inside, they saw a bald man, wearing spectacles pointing to a drawing upon a large black board at chalk symbols. Wenn recognized them right off, as he used them in his magical formulae. Crissa shook her head.

I know nothing of mathematics, she said.

That is why there is a class, to teach you, explained Peris. Its not my strongest subject, either.

As they moved down the corridor toward another of their classes a chime rang out, and a few moments later, students in their colorful sashes began filling the halls, moving form one classroom to another. Crissas eyes grew wide at the sight of so many folk in such a confined area and began to breathe heavily. Luckily, most were concentrating on their tasks at hand, and she was not overborne by a wave of emotion as they moved about her in a milling mass.

Two young men in black sashes stopped before the trio, smiling. Hello, newlings, the burlier of the two said, a youth in his early twenties with light brown hair and narrow blue eyes.

Peris said, Good morrow, Seniors Lentan and Cherle, and nodded elven-style toward them.

Rumor has it that you newlings are responsible for Irvin and Waddens being chucked out of the Academy, the one Peris had called Lentan said. Being sorcerers and all.

Wenn blinked. Ive no idea what youre talking about, he said.

Crissa nodded agreement. We dont even know who those folk are.

They were the lads who roughed up your little man here, Miss Witch, said the slightly smaller of the two, the one named Cherle, pointing at Wenn. I heard they right stomped him near the market square for taking unfair advantage with his magical abilities and hurting their friend.

Peris was growing alarmed at the rather unfavorable direction this conversation was going. Please, thats old news, Cherle, and its not our new students fault that Irvin and Waddens were deviants.

Cherles face grew red with anger. You little cu. . . . he never finished the statement as Wenns fist smashed into his jaw with a resounding crack.

The young man fell to the floor, writhing and holding his injured jaw. You will keep a civil tongue, or I will rip it from your face! screamed Wenn, shaking his hand.

Lentan balled up his fists, but found himself frozen in place by panic, then he backed away from the unknown menace that seemed to come from Crissa, who simply stared at him with angry eyes.

Peris was beside herself. Dear me, she said, watching Cherle collect himself and use his shoulder against the wall to prop himself up as he climbed the wall. 

Ill get you for that, you little shit, said Cherle, his voice slurred by his numb jaw. Many students had stopped their meanderings to watch the little drama unfold, though none seemed eager to intervene on one side or the other.

The two upper classmen backed away from the trio and then walked down the corridor and the watchers wandered off, as well, the show being over.

Peris turned to Wenn. By the One, youre quick with that punch, she said, her tone fluttering slightly with admiration.

Crissa nodded. Yes, only twenty minutes into our first day of schooling and youre already making new friends, she said with dripping sarcasm.

Why waste time with formalities? said Wenn, still shaking his hand, he feared he may have broken something in his hand or wrist, but did not care much. Peris was impressed, and that mattered more than a minor injury.

You do know that Cherle is the son of a duke, dont you? asked Peris.

Is he the son of the duke of Morrovale? asked Wenn in return.

Peris smiled. No.

Then I dont care, said Wenn, letting his self-regard inflate his chest.

Wenn had dropped his small ledger as he threw the punch and Crissa bent to pick it up. A wave of desire hit her with enough force to nearly knock her over. She spun about, expecting to see one of the other students taking advantage of the view up her skirt. Only Wenn and Peris stood behind her and Wenn was looking at Peris. 

Peris, on the other hand, was looking at her.

Crissa knew that there were girls that were attracted to other girls, but that was the first time she had been lusted after by one directly. It felt different from most mens lust, subtler, and maybe hungrier. Unsure herself at her own feelings toward this new aspect of desire, Crissa dismissed it for now, deciding that she could explore it further later.

The remainder of the morning was spent going from place to place, learning where there classes were held and upon what days they would attend each. She showed them the auditorium and the library, which was extensive, but lacked the sort of texts that would truly interest Wenn, though Crissa was duly impressed.

She even showed them the dormitories, where most of the students housed. Even though they would, of course, be living with Marrat while coming to the Academy every other day.

Youre lucky, said Peris as they left the dormitories. You two dont have to do the rather odious chores that the staff cooks up on the off days.

Crissa barked a laugh, replying, No, only the chores that Master Marrat cooks up, like a master chef, every day.

Wenn nodded agreement. Yes, hes changed the location of his privy three times, at a cost to my arms.

She was escorting them down a long, narrow alleyway between two buildings of the campus, which then debauched on a green way. There were suddenly trees about them and a lush lawn. Whats this? asked Crissa, smiling.

The Commons, replied Peris with a wide smile. Its where we students can get away and relax, after hours, of course. The staff hardly ever comes here.

It was a lovely park, well-tended and quite pretty. It ran for a ways, then met the villages wall. I like it, said Crissa. Wenn simply nodded in agreement.

They walked the park for a few minutes before Peris said, We should go to the dining hall, it is nearing lunch.

The three entered the large room just as the first wave of students were also entering the vast expanse of tables and benches. Platters of food were already set out on the tables, sensible if somewhat bland foods.

The three of them ate together as several students, also in white sashes came up and exchanged greeting with Peris and were introduced to Crissa and Wenn. Between two such introductions, Peris said, They want to meet the newlings, but dont wish to seem overeager. Ive not shared ten words with some of these folk.

The two newlings laughed at that and they all bussed their table and left the dining hall. As you can see, we often leave campus for food, though. It nourishes, but doesnt feed the desire to taste something other than shoe leather.

They were passing a privy and Crissa excused herself. As she moved off Peris looked at Wenn. Are you two really lovers? she asked.

Wenn nodded. Of a sort, yes, he admitted. I wont lie to you.

She smiled. Im glad of that. But you say of a sort, what does that mean?

A slightly dark look overtook Wenns features. It means we are free to  enjoy  the company of others, as well.

What a delightfully convenient arrangement, said Peris, smiling broadly.

Wenns own mood improved vastly at her favorable reaction. Do you have a partner? asked Wenn.

Me? Heavens no, said Peris, blushing.

Sorry, said Wenn, I just assumed you were too pretty to be unaccounted for.

She blushed deeper red, almost crimson. Youre a sweet-tongued young man, Wenn, I will be keeping an eye out for your ploys. Boys like you get girls into trouble.

A look of wounded innocence crossed over Wenns features. Ive never, he said, protesting.

She giggled. You already told me you have, that you and Crissa have been lovers and are still, at times.

Crissa walked up to the pair. Did I miss anything interesting? she asked, eyeing the pair with mock suspicion.

Peris expression took on a fleeting fearful look, then settled down when she realized the look was in jest. Crissa noted it, however, and felt the little wash of worry flood out of the girl. She did not wish to embarrass this young woman, though, and rather liked her.

The three walked back to the Commons and found a shaded spot beneath a tree to sit. They sat in a small circle talking about the school and about other matters that they found interesting. Crissa was sitting with her back to a small boulder and her legs toward the other two. She wondered if she had been right about Peris earlier, and lifted her legs a little, giving the other girl a view up her skirt if she were to look.

She looked, and Crissa felt a fresh wave of desire and interest flow over her from the girl. Alarmingly, Crissa also felt her own body responding to the emotional flood. Confused, the young apprentice let her legs lie flat again and regarded Peris as her eyes slowly drifted up from her long legs. She was not staring, but she did watch closely. Ive better warn Wenn, she thought. Then she felt a fresh flow of lust from Peris, and this was directed at Wenn. I definitely need to tell Wenn, she amended.

Would you mind that? asked Peris, looking at Crissa, breaking her from her reverie.

Hmm? Sorry, I was daydreaming, said Crissa, blinking and looking from Peris to Wenn and back. 

Wenn said, I invited her to the house for dinner.

Of course I dont mind, said Crissa, breaking out her best smile. Youre more than welcome. Should we wait for you after classes or give you directions?

Peris smiled. I will simply come with you two as you leave, if you dont mind.

Great, said Wenn, beaming.

They attended a LONG lecture on Westron history that afternoon and Crissa had to nudge Wenn awake twice during the droning of the lecturer. The torment of yawns finally ceased, though, and they were released until the day after tomorrow.

By the One, that was a dull lesson, said Wenn as they exited the gate and turned toward Marrats home.

Peris and Crissa giggled and agreed heartily. Your snoring was more entertaining, said Peris.

Crissas eyes flashed with realization. Peris? Who are your parents? she asked.

Peris regarded her a long moment. My father is the baron of Westfold, she said, in a tone that indicated it was not bragging. But dont hold that against me, while students, we dont enjoy the benefits of our titles. Her tone was almost apologetic.

Westfold was a small realm lying west of Morrovale. Much smaller, but not insignificant, and had been a on-again, off-again ally of the duchy for the last fifty years. 

Our parents are commoners, mine are farmers, and Wenns are tanners, said Crissa.

Perhaps, said Peris, but you two are also apprentice wizards, and that counts for much. For one day, you will both be wizards, wielding great magics. Her expression turned sour. I will be wed off to some other nobleman, to seal some agreement, or achieve one. I would do much to become a wizard and have no mans domination on me.

Crissa felt a sudden pang of pity for the poor girl. To be so cheerful in the face of what seemed to be a enslavement of wealth. Perhaps your husband will be one who you will love? asked Crissa.

Peris nodded. It could be so, I suppose, she said. Though, holding out hope for such may well lead to more disappointment later.

They reached Marrats home and Wenn held the door for the two young ladies. Peris gave him a wink as she walked by, and a tiny fraction of a smile. Wenns reaction to that bit of flirting sent out a signal that bounced off the back of Crissas mind like a sling stone. She glanced back to see Peris smiling at her in return.

Marrat bellowed from the study. Are you two hoodlums back?

Yes, Master Marrat, said Wenn, smiling, and we have company.

The old wizard walked through the doorway to the study and regarded the young lady. Lady Perissen, he said, bowing slightly, a pleasure to meet you.

Peris giggled. Thank you, Master Marrat, she said, though, I am amazed you know my name.

Marrat smiled broadly. It is a wizards business to know many things, milady, he explained.

Wenn opened his mouth to speak, but a quick, warning glance from Marrat stopped him.

Please dont be so formal with me, Master Marrat, said Peris, I seek not genuflection.

The old wizards eyes widened. Genuflection, he said, the Academy does teach you young nobles well, for certain. He thought for a moment. Well, I can just double up your chores tomorrow, off you two go, entertain your guest, then, he finally said, flapping his hands in the air.

Wenn and Crissa did not hesitate to escape his view before Marrat changed his mind and found one little thing for them to do. They bounded up the stairs with the energy only the young can muster, taking them three at a time, with wind to spare for laughter and giggles.

They reached their turret room and Crissa ushered them in. Though the tower at the Academy was the tallest building in town, Marrats home was one of the few at the taller end, and the view from the many large windows was spectacular from up here, overlooking the village on one side and the countryside south of Norboro on the other. Crissa liked to think that one of the indistinct smudges on the horizon to the south was the small wood near her familys farmstead, though she could not be certain.

Peris looked about and gasped. Which of you has such a lovely view? she asked.

Wenn and Crissa gave each other a uncomfortable look, and Crissa nodded to Wenn.

We both do, said Wenn. As we said, we share a bed.

Peris looked at the two of them with wide eyes. I thought you simply meant you occasionally dallied with one another, she said. You really share a bed nightly? Like married folk?

They both nodded slowly, a slight tinge of worry in their eyes. They both sought to not upset or scandalize their new friend, for very different reasons.

She smiled brightly. You two are so lucky, said Peris. To both have a lover that allows you other lovers?

Crissa and Wenn looked at each other again, and Crissa nodded minutely.

Wenn smiled. Sometimes its not quite so fun, you know, he said. We do, on occasion, get jealous of each other.

Peris stared at him for a long moment. I would imagine, she said.

We dont pretend its an easy relationship to maintain, nor even tolerate, sometimes, Crissa added. But we have little choice. She looked out at the clock tower on the town hall. I must go to make supper, it is my chore this day.

Peris watched her leave, then turned to Wenn. Whats it like being intimate with someone regularly? she asked.

Wenn stammered a moment, rather shocked by the sudden loss of the safety Crissas presence had maintained. Well, its nice, I must admit, he said. But its not world-altering. He thought about that last statement a moment. Well, I suppose it is world-altering, actually.

The young noblewoman giggled. I thought so, she said. I envy you two your freedom.

Were not so terribly free, said Wenn. Marrat keeps us plenty busy.

She touched his arm. I mean in being with other folk than those that your family chooses for you, said Peris. My father would disown me if I lost my virginity to anyone but the man he chooses to be my husband.

Wenn touched put his hand over hers. I hate that for you, Peris, he said. It sounds horrible.

She gave him a weak smile. Not really horrible, just frustrating. She met his eyes and put much meaning into her expression. As I would rather give my innocence to the young man of my own choosing.

Wenn felt his breath catch in his throat. I. I can understand that, he said.

Peris let her smile bloom to full growth. I wish you did, she said.  Its infuriating when you wish to have someone and cannot be close to them.

Do you have someone in mind that youre sweet on? asked Wenn.

No, not really, she said, though again, her eyes came around to regard him. Though, it is possible, Ive recently met a boy who may be more than suitable.