I wake up and try to roll over, only to find my hands are cuffed to the headboard. I pull at them futilely, rattling them against the unyielding metal, and nothing changes. I look down in shock as I find myself in a strange bed, clad only in my bra and panties, and alone.
I try to think back to last night and everything is fuzzy. I remember being at a bar, celebrating with Julie the end of an investigation. She had gone home and I started flirting with a businessman in a tailored suit from Kansas. After that, nothing.
It looks like a hotel room. I scream for help, hoping an adjoining room or cleaning person will hear me and help me get free. I scream for what seems like hours, and nothing changes except my throat is raw.
I'm about to scream again when a door opens. A man is there, a large man who oozes power. His face is silhouetted in the opening, and it isn't until he walks in and closes the door that I see who he is. "YOU!"
"Yes, me. Good morning, Rose."
"LET. ME. GO." I was pissed as hell, I couldn't believe a man I trusted would do this to me.
"Not until you listen to me for a minute." He came over and sat on the bed next to me; grabbing the sheet, he pulled it up to my neck, saving me the embarrassment of being there in my lacy underwear. He looked good enough to eat; his muscles played under the custom-tailored dress shirt like bulldogs fighting under a rug. "Those men last night, they are the ones you should be mad at. They drugged and kidnapped you, not me."
I looked at him, staring into his eyes. There were a lot of emotions there, fear, anger, lust, but deceit wasn't among them. I had made my career out of interviewing criminals, I knew when I was being lied to. "How?"
"I was watching you at the bar last night."
"You've been following me?"
"Yes. I told you before, I love you and I'll do anything to keep you safe." He cupped my face, tingles exploded wherever he touched me. It was weird, but I had a rule; he was connected to a case and I didn't mix work and pleasure. I had rejected his advances for five days now, despite how attracted I was to him.
"I don't remember what happened." I relaxed into the pillow, trying to will myself to remember last night.
"I'm not surprised. Your drink was drugged, they slipped a roofie into it." My jaw dropped, I knew what those drugs could do. My own daughter had been raped after an acquaintance drugged her.
"I'm sorry, I didn't figure it out right away. You were at the bar, that man in a suit was talking to you. I saw you get up, a little unsteady, and head towards the bathroom with him. When his friend left and you didn't come back, I got suspicious. One sniff of your glass and I knew what happened."
"But rohypnol is odorless," I said.
"Not to me. Anyway, I followed them outside to see you being shoved into the back of a rental car. They left with you, and it took me a little time to track you down. I called Josh with the plate, then we used the GPS to locate the car here in the parking lot of the hotel. Luckily, I got here in time. When I got them to open the door, you were unconscious, your dress gone, and handcuffed to the bed just like you are now."
"Why didn't you let me go?"
He sighed. "I had to take out the trash first." My eyes got wide. "You called the cops?"
"No, I took care of the problem. They'll never touch what is mine again." He pulled a key out of his pocket and took the cuffs off my wrists, rubbing them tenderly to get the circulation back. I closed my eyes, the tingles and the rubbing felt SO good.
"I have to pee." He nodded and stood up, turning around to give me privacy. I slipped out of the bed, grabbing my dress from the floor, and ran into the bathroom. I took care of business and washed my face, taking my makeup off while I thought of what had happened.
I'd been an FBI agent for almost a decade, I'd faced hardened criminals and several life-or-death situations. I'd killed two men. I'd been scared before, but nothing like what this man could do for me.
He made me vulnerable in a way I'd never been before. The way he looked at me like I hung the moon. The tingles at his touch, his patience, and oh my GOD that body. I knew what it looked like, I had seen the video. Apparently, at sniper school he had lost a bet with a beautiful young woman, and had to walk naked back to the parking lot. I had watched that video repeatedly a few nights ago, while bringing myself to orgasm after orgasm with the vibrator I kept by my bed.
I knew deep down he would never hurt me, he would always be there for me, and it made me want to take my daughter and run.
That was my mind. My body had a completely different, utterly embarrassing reaction. When I thought of him, my arousal was instant. My poor lace panties were completely soaked, just from the time he sat with me. I could swear he sniffed it out as I walked past him.
I looked in the mirror and asked myself what I wanted. "Gunny," I replied. The investigation was over, all that was left was delivering his boss the settlement offer from the government. That's when it hit me, the reason for pushing him away was gone, and I didn't want to push him away anymore.
I left the dress on the vanity and opened the door. He was pacing back and forth by the window, but his eyes went straight to mine as I walked out. My eyes locked with his, my mouth parted slightly and my tongue wet my lips. "Don't hurt me," I whispered.
He was in front of me in an instant, his strong arms pulling me to his broad chest. "I could never hurt you, Rose, it would be like hurting myself." I looked up at him, seeing the truth in his eyes made the rest of my objections melt away. I pulled his head down and pressed my lips to his.
The kiss blew away anything I had experienced before. The feeling, the tingles, I felt it all the way down to my toes. His hands moved down my side, then around as his strong fingers grabbed my ass and pulled me up. I jumped and wrapped my legs around his hips, desperate to get closer to him. I could feel my wet sex rubbing against him through his pants as he hardened under me. Our mouths never separated as he walked us over to the bed; he gently set me down, his arms holding him just above me as our tongues explored each other. Finally, he broke free. "May I?"
I nodded. "Take me... please." I let out a loud moan as his lips moved down to my neck. He was kissing and sucking on the flesh where my neck and shoulder met as a hand snaked behind me, his fingers expertly unsnapping my bra. My hands were busy exploring his arms as his teeth pulled the lace clear, exposing my breasts to his gaze.
"Perfection," he said as he moved down to them. I'd had lovers before, but no one worshiped my body like this man was doing. He was doing amazing things with his tongue and teeth, so much so that I didn't even notice his hand had made its way under my panties until the finger split my folds, causing the first orgasm of the day to crash through me. "Come for me, baby," he said as he hooked two fingers inside me, his thumb circling my clit. I lost all conscious thought as he forced spasm after spasm from me.
When I opened my eyes again, he was licking his fingers. "Delicious," he said. "I could never tire of your flavor." He kissed his way down my flat stomach as his hands went down to my waist, fingers hooking the lace. I lifted my butt up, allowing him to slide them off my body and toss them aside. I spread my legs, and he dove in.
I had my hands in his hair, pulling him tighter to me as his tongue plumbed my depths. He played me like a fine instrument, starting slow and bringing me close to a crescendo before backing off and starting to rise again. He did this a few times, he was so patient with me, smiling when he looked up and making me feel like the most important woman in the world. As I rose to another peak, he took mercy on me. I felt his tongue change, becoming rougher and longer, reaching so deep inside me I couldn't take any more. I broke, squirting liquid into his mouth as he gulped it down like champagne.
He moved back up my body as I lay twitching below him, utterly spent. I opened my eyes to see him looking rather pleased with himself, like the cat that got the cream. I could feel his hard cock as it moved up between my legs, the tip parting my folds. "Mine?" He looked in my eyes.
"Yours," I said. He pushed forward slowly as we both moaned in pleasure. "Oh god, you're so big," He was larger than any partner I had ever had, it felt like he was splitting me apart before my body adjusted.
"You're perfect," he said as he finally bottomed out, "made just for me." He lowered himself onto me, kissing me deeply as my legs wrapped around him and forced him a little deeper. I could taste myself on him, it made me want him even more. My hands ran down his back, tracing the muscles until they reached his muscled ass. Grabbing it with both hands, I tilted my hips and moved him out an inch, then slowly back in as we moaned into each other's mouths.
"Gently," I said. He was, withdrawing almost completely out before pushing slowly back in. It felt amazing, and after a few strokes I was shattering around him again. He stroked through it, moving faster as my hands and moans urged him on. He moved my legs around, his strong hands holding them up by my shoulders so he could pound deeply into me as I screamed in pleasure. I built up to the strongest orgasm yet, triggered by him driving impossibly deep and holding me there as he shot his load deep inside me.
When I came to, I was on my side, my head on his shoulder and a sheet covering us. I looked up at him as he smiled down at me. "I love you, Rose," he said.
It should have scared the hell out of me. In the past, I would have jumped out of bed, gotten dressed and been out the door in a minute flat.
Yet all I did was snuggle closer to him, luxuriating in the feel of being utterly and completely sated. "Will you come visit my family with me?"
"What about Charlotte?"
"We bring her along, of course. I love you, Rose, and I'll love your daughter as my own."
"We'll take it slow, though."
"Of course. Nothing more than you are comfortable with." I kissed him deeply, he tasted amazing, and felt like home.
It must be some kind of Were thing, I thought as he rolled over and started another round.