Sara Gets Ravished
by BobDogwood ©

Everything was back to normal with Eric and me. Although I had many 
problems, the most pressing one was lack of money, which I needed badly to 
take care of some of my other problems. I decided that I could tackle my 
money issue down at "Dredricks of Dollywood" in the mall. A job? Haha! No 
way!

There was a sales manager in the store that I had had my eye on for quite 
a while. Her name was Alexis. She was very attractive with shoulder length 
red hair. She appeared to my untrained eye to be around five foot, six 
inches tall and to weigh around one hundred, thirty pounds. She had a nice 
figure too; underneath the fashionable clothes she had to wear to her job, 
she looked to have about 34D breasts.

I didn't know a thing about her personally, she could have been bi or gay 
or straight for all I knew, but like I said – I'd dug her for awhile. 
Luckily she wasn't there the day Eric and I got it on in the shop. I 
currently didn't even know if any of her staff had reported to her about 
the "incident." If it turned out that I was banned from the store, it 
would ruin all my plans.

I didn't want to this to turn out half ass, timing was of the utmost 
importance, particularly since I was doing this as a solo performance. 
This was going to take a lot more subtlety than just keeping the sales 
personnel busy while some of my friends ran out with merchandize.

I scoped the place out for several days, noticing the store's most busy 
times and who else besides Alexis was working what shifts. I finally 
located the staff schedule just inside the door to the stock room. I found 
a morning during the week when the schedule called for one other clerk to 
be there with Alexis.

The other person turned out to be a young woman named Susy Creamcheese – 
haha! I guess her forebears were big in the cheese industry. Anyway I'd 
been checking her out and she was a real air head, but very sweet. And 
very hot! As you would expect from the name Susy Creamcheese, she had long 
blonde hair, halfway down to her ass. She was tall and willowy, but had 
big knockers and a tiny waist.

All in all, she was a major knockout, although as I've said, a bit short 
in the brains department. I actually wasn't certain what part she would 
play in the scenario, but I knew that I could count on her to do the wrong 
thing under pressure – mwahaha!

Luckily on the morning that was the most opportune time under the 
conditions of both Alexis and Susy being there, there was nothing major 
scheduled for me as far as classes were concerned. The mall ordinarily 
opens at nine in the morning, but that doesn't mean all the stores are 
opened that early.

In fact, Dredricks didn't open until an hour later. Even though I was 
already in the mall, and I was bursting with nerves to begin, I made 
myself wait until 10:30 a.m. I was afraid I would call too much attention 
too early to myself if I were waiting outside while they opened the store. 
I was wearing a rather sedate outfit for me – just an ordinary blouse and 
knee high skirt, but like I said it was nothing like my usual clothes that 
showed a lot more skin.

I had my mother's credit card with me. Sometimes you have to plan on 
making an investment in order to receive a larger return. After I entered 
the establishment, I glanced around casually in the manner of a customer 
who was deciding where to look first. Actually I was, of course, getting 
the lay of the land, so to speak. I was really hoping the actual lay would 
come later.

Despite the relatively early hour, there were four or five young women in 
the store and a couple of college age guys. Alexis was currently behind 
the counter and looked to be involved in some kind of inventory control or 
ordering some new items for the store. Susy was out in the store proper 
looking to accommodate anyone who needed help. I decided I might need some 
help from her real soon!

I chose my first outfit off the rack and took it back to the dressing 
area. It was a teal colored corset that had a tassel fringe and was lace 
and ribbon trimmed. The outfit also included boyshort knickers. The corset 
had a mesh back and held a hook and eye closure, which was perfect for my 
purposes. By the way, I looked extremely sexy in it.

I removed my blouse and skirt and then stuck them under a large collection 
of trash in a waste can outside the dressing room. Standing completely 
naked, I then slipped on the corset and knickers and exited into the main 
part of the store. As soon as I came out I walked over to where Susy was 
working on the racks. 

"Excuse me," I said.

"Oh," the clerk said in surprise, once she had looked up from her work and 
focused her eyes on me. I could tell she didn't quite know what to say to 
me. God, she was stone beautiful close up.

"Could you shut me up?" I asked, turning my back to her.

"Oh, sure," the young blonde said.

As Susy worked on the hook and eye set up, I wondered if she even 
considered why I wanted the corset closed if I was just going to take it 
back off – probably not. I already told you she wasn't real bright. I 
noticed that everyone in the store was currently watching me. I dared to 
lock eyes with Alexis to discover how she would respond and she looked 
away.

Perfect! I took that to mean she wasn't going to challenge me any time 
soon. Once Susy had completed her task, she said, "All finished."

I turned around and then pirouetted, except with my arms out at my side. I 
was attempting to attract as much attention as possible and it was working 
big time.

"You look so hot in that!" Susy exclaimed. "Should I ring that up for 
you?" she asked.

She may have been an air head, but she was still a good little 
salesperson.

"No, not yet," I answered. "I still have some other things to look at. 
Will you help me?"

"Surely," the salesclerk said brightly.

As I began to probe and poke through the different racks, Susy asked, 
"Would you like to put your outfit back on? I could hold this for you, 
after you changed back."

She was not so subtly attempting to stop me from wearing the corset in the 
store.

"No, thanks," I said politely. "I'm fine."

Haha – I was more than fine. I felt my nipples grow hard and moisture was 
forming around my lower lips. The two young men were following my every 
move and the young women were tittering amongst themselves as I pranced 
through the store in what was basically fancy underwear.

"Uh, miss," Susy said.

"Please call me Sara," I interrupted.

"Okay, thanks. Please call me Susy. Uh Sara," Susy began again.

"Oh, look at this!" I exclaimed, pulling a black mesh teddy down off the 
rack. "This is de bomb."

It was partially see through and was trimmed with beaded ribbons and had 
adjustable straps.

"Yes, it is pretty," the young woman naturally agreed, hoping to make a 
sale.

"Help me with the back again," I said.

Susy dutifully undid the hook and eyelets that she had just joined. I 
pulled the corset up over my head and then off my body and handed it to a 
very shocked Susy. I then shimmied down my boyshort knickers and stepped 
out of them leaving me standing there stark naked in the store for a few 
seconds.

"Sara!" the young woman exclaimed in protest, sounding extremely agitated.

I stepped into the teddy and adjusted the straps. I must admit – I did 
look great in that too.

"How do I look?" I asked Susy.

"Uh, fine," she answered, distracted. "Uh, Sara, I think it would be 
better if you changed outfits in the dressing area," Susy suggested.

"That's such a hassle," I said. "To have to keep walking all the way back 
there, this is so much quicker."

I looked around the store. There guys were moving closer to me. One of the 
guys was way cute. He was about six feet tall. He had longish blond hair 
and attractive features. His physique was of moderate proportions. The 
other guy was mostly big, in fact he was huge. The young women were busy 
whispering to each other and then shooting me gleeful looks.

This time I noticed Alexis was giving me the total stare, but not in an 
unfriendly manner. She appeared more intrigued with me than anything else.

"But surely you would it less embarrassing," Susy said, still trying to 
convince me to use the dressing room.

"Oh, don't worry," I said and then laughed. "Trust me, I don't find it 
embarrassing at all."

Still wearing the black teddy, I went back to pawing through the racks. 
Susy was standing nervously by my side, obviously wondering what new 
tackiness I was capable of.

"These look good," I said, pulling out an extremely sexy red bra and 
knickers.

The lace bralette had halter neck ties and the knickers were a G-string 
with side ties. Man, I could hardly wait to get these on – and the ties 
would insure that it would take me quite a while to get them on. Susy was 
already freaking out just looking at them.

"Sara," she said, with an obvious abject plea in her voice. "Please take 
them back to the dressing room to put on."

"No, I'm okay," I insisted.

I noticed the two guys, particularly the good looking one, were now 
standing very close to me. I removed the teddy and handed it to Susy. I 
looked great standing there in the store totally nude and I knew it. I was 
getting off like a race horse when I saw everyone intently staring at me. 
My nipples grew even harder and I felt my clit sticking out. I was so hot 
I was surprised I didn't cum right then. Susy then made matters much worse 
for herself by beginning to struggle with me as I attempted to put on the 
bra and G-string.

"No, Sara," she protested. "Please go back to the dressing area."

It was here that everything became fubar. I don't know if you speak 
military. Fubar came out of World War II and it stands for – fucked up 
beyond all recognition. That is a perfect description of what happened 
next.

One minute I'm standing there naked, fighting with Susy over possession of 
the bra and knickers – the next minute the great big guy picked me up and 
slammed me down on the floor, momentarily stunning me completely.

The second young man – the good looking one – stood over me for a second. 
Then he dropped his pants and his full blown erection popped into view. 
And I mean POPPED! It was huge. He dropped to his knees before I could 
move and inserted his prick straight into my cooze!

The young rapist had no difficulty because I was plenty wet down there. I 
guess rape or no rape, my sexual organs didn't acknowledge the difference 
and became excited immediately. As he rocked inside of me vigorously, I 
realized I had no real chance of dislodging him at this point. Besides, it 
felt so good! And, after all, he was great looking.

I glanced around the store and observed that everyone looked as if they 
were part of a frozen tableau, including Alexis still standing behind the 
counter with her mouth hanging open. Ironically enough, the only person 
moving was Susy. Unfortunately all she was doing was waving her hands as 
if she were attempting to dry her nails quicker after putting nail polish 
on them.

The old sexist saw about if rape was inevitable, then lay back and enjoy 
it sprang to my mind, so that's what I decided to do. I pushed back at him 
with my pelvis in time with his plunging into me, allowing him to go 
deeper. Oh, it felt so damn good. I clutched at him, pulling him even 
closer to me.

"Go faster," I said. "Or you're gonna get busted." I wanted my orgasm!

He plunged wildly into me after that. I reached behind him with my two 
hands, placing them on his butt and pulling him even more closer to me. I 
could just about feel his prick with my tonsils or at least that's what it 
felt like. 

The young women were beginning to talk and I heard one of them say, "That 
guy is good. I only wish my husband was half as good as he is."

"I know that's right," another one answered. "But she's pretty good too."

I wanted to laugh out loud, but I figured laughing while being raped in 
the mall in front of others would be considered too gauche.

"Oh, oh," I murmured as I felt my orgasm on the verge of arrival.

Suddenly it exploded from me! Oh lord, I wondered if being raped always 
felt this good. Now that I had climaxed, I redoubled my efforts at pushing 
upwards and then I gripped his prick with my nether lips as hard as I 
could. It only took a few more thrusts from that point on by the young man 
until he shot his load of semen into me.

"Christ!" he cried out.

"Quit praying and get off me," I said.

The young man jumped up and readjusted his clothing quickly. Then he and 
the other guy not only gathered up all the outfits I had been wearing, but 
they also grabbed a lot of clothing from off the racks. Then holding it 
all above their heads, they ran from the store.

"Quick, somebody call security!" Susy screamed.

"No!" Alexis contradicted, stepping out around the counter and striding 
quickly up to me. "Unless that's what you want, m'am," Alexis said to me.

"No," I said weakly.

"I think that's a wise decision," Alexis said.

She held a hand out for me to grasp and then she pulled me up off the 
store's floor. I stood wavering on my feet as if I were embarrassed and 
punch drunk with all of my nakedness on complete display, cum still 
leaking out of me.

"Come with me back to my office, such as it is," Alexis said.

Now that the danger had passed, the young women crowded around me.

"Are you alright?" one of them asked me.

That question was so stupid, I deigned not to answer it. A couple of them 
were checking out my naked body closely and nodding approvingly. Haha! 
Perversion everywhere! I followed Alexis back to the stockroom. She did 
have a small makeshift office. The manager had a cubicle that held a desk, 
the store computer and a telephone. There were two chairs, one of which 
sat in front of her desk. We introduced ourselves and then sat down. I sat 
all crouched down, still acting as though I was embarrassed over my 
nudity.

Alexis began, "Now Sara, this is a most unfortunate incident and I'm so 
sorry it occurred in our store. The reason I suggested you might not want 
to get security involved is because they would be forced to call the 
police."

I nodded in agreement.

"Once the police get here, I'm afraid you're gonna end up really 
embarrassed.

"How so?" I asked tearfully. I had produced a few tears for effect.

"Because even though you were raped and there's never any excuse for rape 
– let me get that straight right off. Even though you were raped, you were 
prancing around the store naked. I'm afraid the eye witnesses would have 
to testify to that. You would come out looking like a total slut."

I began to protest, but Alexis interrupted. "No, I don't think you're a 
slut, but it might appear that way – you have to admit that."

I nodded my head reluctantly.

"In fact, the police might even arrest you for indecent exposure, for 
being naked in public."

"Oh no!" I gasped.

"Yes, I'm afraid so," Alexis said.

"What should I do?" I asked, my voice quivering.

"If I were you, I'd go straight to my family doctor and get myself checked 
out."

I stood up and said, "That's a good idea and I'd hate to get the store in 
trouble."

That caused Alexis to sit up straight in her chair. "What do you mean?" 
she asked.

"Well, I don't think that it would do the store any good at all if it got 
out that a customer had been raped."

Alexis stood up and crossed over to me.

She said, "No, I'm sure it wouldn't. I know you're really upset right now 
– that's completely natural and you probably don't even realize what 
you're saying. Is there something I could do right now to help?"

I wanted to laugh right in her face, but what I said was, "Yes, I could 
certainly use a hug."

Alexis smiled and embraced me. I grabbed on to her and pressed my naked 
body extremely close to her. I'm certain she could feel my breasts 
pressing against her. Now heavily blushing, Alexis pushed me away slightly 
and I used the opportunity to unbutton the one button of her jacket. 
Before she could protest, I unbuttoned two of her blouse buttons and 
slipped my hand inside and softly rubbed her belly.

"Please stop," Alexis said.

Right then, Susy entered the back of the store. "Oh, I'm sorry," Sara 
said, greatly flustered. God knows what the little air head thought. "I 
didn't mean to interrupt you."

"You're not interrupting anything," Alexis snapped at her. "I'm just 
giving Sara a hug. What is it anyway, Susy?" 

I used this distraction to pull Alexis' blouse completely out of her 
skirt.

"Uh, uh, oh yeah," Susy said. "I can't find Sara's clothes anywhere. 
They're missing!"

"Well, get her something, Susy. She can't very well leave here naked," 
Alexis said.

"Okay, I'll knock before I come in next time," Susy said.

"No, you don't have to knock, there's nothing going on here," Alexis 
insisted.

I unhooked Alexis' skirt and it fell to the floor, revealing her minuscule 
thong knickers.

"Okay, if you say so," Susy said. She giggled and then left.

I allowed Alexis to disengage from me, and as she bent over to retrieve 
her skirt, I ripped her thong off.

"Sara!" she shouted in protest. "Now stop it!"

Alexis did finally pick her skirt up, but made no attempt to put it on. No 
doubt she realized I wouldn't have allowed her to.

"You asked me if there was something you could do to help," I reminded 
her.

"Well, what is it?" she asked.

Alexis looked so damn cute with her little cooze peeking out below her 
blouse.

"I want you to go out there and work the rest of the morning without your 
skirt," I said.

"Oh, no," Alexis said. "No way."

"Well, then I guess I'll just have to go to the papers with this. It will 
certainly make your store look bad and it also won't cast you in a very 
favorable light."

Alexis was already blushing – God knows how red she would become if she 
did go out there right then.

"Come on," I encouraged her. "What's gonna happen? They're all women out 
there. You don't have anything they've never seen before."

Alexis appeared to think it over for a minute and then said resignedly, 
"Okay, I'll do it – but then you'll leave and won't say a word about any 
of this to anyone?"

"Of course," I said.

As the pretty store manager turned to leave, I said, "Now remember, don't 
put anything else on and send Susy back here with my purse. It's in the 
dressing room. And tell her to do anything that I ask her, that both of 
your jobs depend on it."

"Okay," she said, one more time.

She was one beaten down young woman when I got through with her, let me 
tell you. Alexis left the back and entered the front of the store. I knew 
that she had been spotted by the woman customers because at first I could 
hear giggles and then finally guffaws. About a minute later Susy came 
back.

"You wanted to see me? she said, while handing me my purse. Susy was 
blushing and having a difficult time looking me in the eye – or was it the 
body?

I said, "Yes, Susy. What did Alexis tell you?"

"She told me I needed to do anything you needed."

"Good, are you ready to do that?" I asked.

Yeah, I guess so," she replied timidly.

As I mentioned before, Susy was tall and willowy. She was wearing a long 
white dress that buttoned all the way up the front. It was almost see 
through and it hugged her body like a soft glove. She looked very hot in 
it! I stepped up to her, where she nervously waited.

"Are you wearing anything under that dress?" I asked her.

"Of course," she replied heatedly.

"Then let's see," I said.

I started at the top of the dress where the buttons met and just pulled 
all the way down. Buttons flew everywhere as the material ripped. It's 
shocking how poorly made clothes are today. In a flash she was standing 
nakedly in front of me. And she was beautiful!

As I've already alluded to, she had huge breasts with great big nipples. 
She had a small waist and a shaven pubic area. I waggled my finger in 
front of Susy in a good natured way and said, "Naughty, naughty. I thought 
you said you had something on under your dress, Susy. Obviously you lied, 
and what's worse - you work for a store who sells women's underthings and 
you don't even wear them. What do you have to say for yourself?"




The naked young woman was blushing as red as a fire truck. "Uh," she said. 
"I forgot?"

Haha! I got my best laugh of the day out of that – she forgot! I motioned 
her to step closely to me.

"Come on," I said. "I won't bite."

Actually that was not completely true, but she didn't need to know that. I 
stepped up on my tip toes (she was that much taller than me) and kissed 
her. Before she could pull away or complain, I pushed my tongue into her 
mouth and felt all around with it. I felt her nipples grow hard against 
me. I reached down with my right hand, slid two fingers into her labia and 
moved them in and out. I figured out by then that Susy must have had some 
experience with another woman, as she began to move against my hand.

I located her clit and manipulated it. I felt her grow moist under my 
hand. She was moaning loudly. I dropped to my knees and began to tongue 
her clitoris. Soon Susy was rocking with my tongue thrusting against her. 
"Oh, oh," she was continually groaning. Suddenly her orgasm hit her like a 
locomotive judging from the manner that she fell against me. It was all I 
could do to hold her upright.

Later rather than sooner her climax finally finished. I kissed her a few 
more times and then stepped back from her. She was completely flushed and 
swaying on her feet. I would have loved to kiss her pussy too, but I was 
limited by time. I had no idea how long Alexis might wait out there until 
she came back to check on Susy and I.

I surprised the young salesclerk by asking her if her purse was in the 
stock room. She answered in the affirmative and I told her to go bring it 
to me. No, I hadn't been reduced to petty thievery. After she went and 
secured her purse, I asked her to give me her driver's license.

Holding it up, I said, "oh, you got screwed. This is a horrible picture." 
Susy laughed and agreed with me. I said, "Alexis told me that if I didn't 
report the rape happening in your store or try to sue you all, I could 
take whatever I wanted."

A look of doubt actually passed through Susy's beautiful features. "Oh, I 
don't know about that," she said, her voice full of disbelief.

I picked up what was left of her dress and clutched it. "Well, I'll wait 
here if you want to go out and check with Alexis."

It took Susy awhile to figure out what I meant – that she would have to go 
out into the store clothes less and then the thought of it caused her to 
start blushing again.

"What do you need?" the young woman finally asked me.

"Just help me get some of this stuff into the car outside," I explained.

We loaded up quite a lot of inventory into an old station wagon that was 
parked outside the back door. Once we had finished, I handed Susy what was 
left of her dress (only God knows how she wore it after I left) and 
waggled her driver's license at her.

"I know your name and where you live. No doubt I won't have any difficulty 
finding your telephone number," I said. I want you to get all the security 
video tapes and take them home with you. I'll call you tomorrow and come 
get them; then I'll give you your driver's license back – okay?"

Susy readily agreed. I told her to wait until I left before doing anything 
else. I gave her a goodbye kiss and then stepped out the back door. My 
friend, Brad, a.k.a. the rapist, came from around the corner. He and his 
girlfriend Bonnie were close friends of Eric and me and we had spent many 
a night together as a foursome. I was proud of him and the way the entire 
scam had come out perfect.

I had no trouble at all at locating Susy's telephone number online. I, of 
course, didn't meet Susy at her home. Even I'm not that stupid, just in 
case she had snitched me out. I met her in a wide open area and Brad had 
dirtied up his license tag enough so you couldn't read it clearly. I gave 
her the driver's license and she gave me the surveillance tapes. Susy and 
I did go out that night, but that's for another chapter.

They were some cool souvenirs. In fact, I think I could have probably used 
them as a porn audition. No wonder everyone had been fooled. I made a lot 
of money from everything that was stolen. Don't worry – I have my 
connections. Next I had to put my money to work for me. 

 
