The Post Office Dare 
By: Hooked6 
 
The following story is true. The identity of the main character has been intentionally left out per her request. 
 
I accepted this as a random dare. I have always been tremendously interested in taking risks with my body but NEVER actually done anything like this until now. I am a petite, 23 year-old female with small, pointy, b-cup breasts and full pubic hair. My nipples and areola are really dark against my un-tanned flesh which serves to draw attention to my chest - which I really dislike. I guess I don't really like my body which is why I guess I have this subconscious need to fantasize about showing it off and people actually "liking" it. This web site has brought me to the point where I wanted to actually see what it would be like to try out one of my fantasies. Here's what actually happened.  
 
Living amidst urban sprawl, I ruled out doing this dare where I live. I decided to mail a letter at night, completely naked, inside a post office in the next town. 
 
Wearing a tank top and a pair of running shorts, drove to the next town and drove past the post office several times checking things out. It was close to midnight and although there were cars that would occasionally drive by on the main road, the parking lot was deserted. I finally drove into the lot and parked the car near the main entrance. The building is off the road about 500 feet or so and the inside is laid out like the letter "E" - that is, one main corridor parallel with the street with three separate aisles containing post office boxes. The main entrance is located about where the second aisle is (the middle line of the letter "E") and the outgoing mail slot is located at the end of the first aisle (or the bottom line of the letter "E"). 
 
I sat nervously in the car for a few minutes watching the street behind me. I knew I had better get to it before I chickened out. I slowly removed my sandals and running shorts and put them on the seat next to me. Looking one more time at the street and seeing no cars approaching, I took off my top. I was now naked sitting in my car.   
 
I almost had a heart attack when I opened the car door and the interior light came on! I jumped out of the car and slammed the door shut. I then ran into the post office and literally FLEW down the main corridor to the first aisle. When I got to the relative safety of the outgoing mail slot, I stopped a minute to catch my breath. I never felt so NAKED before! It's funny how being without clothes in a place where you're supposed to being wearing them makes you feel REALLY vulnerable - and in my case so very aroused! It was then that I realized that I had forgotten the letter I was supposed to mail as part of the dare. I wasn't going to cheat myself out of this so I ran back to the front door and, after checking to be sure the road was clear, ran outside and retrieved the letter.  
 
Once inside, I 'walked' this time back to the mail slot and dropped the letter inside. I savored every moment. This was really COOL! I thought, that is, until I heard a car pull up outside! I froze and my legs began trembling and my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth it was so dry. I wasn't sure what to do. I instinctively backed against the wall in my aisle as if to hide. There was no place to conceal myself though. I then heard the front door open and the sound of footsteps on the floor. Fortunately they headed away from me. I then heard the sound of a post office box opening and mail being retrieved. Soon the box door closed and I heard the footsteps go a short distance and stop. I heard shuffling of papers and a man's voice say "Junk", then a pause, then "Bill", then a pause then "Junk".  GOOD GRIEF! This guy was sorting his mail while I was NAKED around the corner! My heart was pounding so fast as I mentally cursed this fool!  
 
Then I heard ANOTHER car drive up and the door open! I was really starting to panic now. I felt like caged rat with nowhere to run - but at the same time I was really aware of how aroused I was. I actually could feel my nipples tighten and the dampness "down there".  I continued to press my flesh against the wall and tried to think of what to say if I was discovered. I heard another box open and someone - presumably the second person, getting their mail and soon after that the sound of the front door closing. 
 
I listened intently and heard nothing. Did both people leave? In all the excitement I wasn't sure if the guy sorting mail had already left or not - or was it him who opened the door and the second person was still in the building?!  I strained my ears listening for ANY sound that might tell me if anyone was present. NOTHING! Several more minutes passed and still nothing.  
 
I decided to get up my courage and make my way to the edge of my aisle and peek around the corner. Slowly I crept forward with my body hugging the wall trying not to make a sound. When I reached the corner I carefully put my head around and looked. I saw nothing. I tried to see if I spotted another car in the parking lot, but the only windows were right next to the front door and I couldn't really tell for sure. From what I could see it was clear - but I could really only see a small section of the lot, not even my own car was clearly visible. I drew my head back and listened some more. Nothing. 
 
Surely everyone was gone, I thought. I decided I had better get the heck out of there before someone else came by. I started my run for the front door and as I reached the center aisle, I came face to face with another girl about my age. Her mouth dropped open and she said in half whisper, "COOL! You're like, NAKED!" A smile came over face as if she was pleased with her discovery while I was in shock! 
 
I didn't know what to do, frozen in my tracks as it were. I was really embarrassed as I saw her eyes travel up and down my body taking in the view. I'm really a private person and very few people have ever seen me naked. Heck I don't even have a steady boyfriend. All my imperfections this stranger was seeing - especially my small breasts that I'm quite self-conscious of. She then said, "Man, I wish I had the guts to do something like that. Are you a nudist or something?" Stupidly I answered that I was doing a dare off the Internet. I started to look outside as we were standing right in front of the main door! Luckily the coast was clear. She wanted to talk but I wanted to run. I opened the glass door and ran to my car as she followed me outside. 
 
"Hey, you don't have to be afraid of me. I think it's neat!" she said as I opened my car door and got in. I didn't even bother to try and get dressed, I just wanted out of there. I started the car and bid goodbye to my unwanted audience and drove off. I drove naked for about three blocks before finding an empty parking lot to get some clothes on. 
 
I REALLY enjoyed myself though and now am hooked on this. I am going to get up the courage and do another dare soon! I don't know if I'll read through all the dares and pick one I think I can do or just get up the courage and do a random dare again. I must admit, random dares have a real element of danger in that one never knows what you'll have to do. Maybe I'll do another one of those. It worked out OK this time, I guess. 