My wife and I go to see a movie
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife has very sensitive nipples. Once I start tweaking them between my index finger and thumb she becomes plain horny. She has been faithful to my six-inch brown cock for as long as I can remember. Anyway, to go ahead with what I wanted to share with all of you horny guys, last weekend my wife asked me if I wanted to go and see a movie. It was out of the blue and since she usually doesn't like to see movies I said yes, before she changed her mind, we were on our way to the Cineplex.

There were a couple of action movies on but I think she was in the mood for a romantic "thriller". A poster caught my attention and I glanced from the corner of my eyes that it was one of those soft porn Korean flicks. She told me to buy tickets for a Resse Witherspoon movie and went to buy some popcorn and coke. Of course, I went ahead and bought two tickets for the Korean flick. It was going to start any moment so when she returned I grabbed her by the arm and went in the theatre. "The movie you wanted to see is only running the afternoon shows, so I just bought tickets for this nice Korean romantic movie," I mumbled to her as we searched for our seats.

It was a late night movie and since it was Sunday, there were not that many people. Our seats were in the left hand corner of the last row - and it being a small theatre, there was no aisle on the other end. As it turned out, it wasn't a soft porn flick it was indeed a girlie mills & boons sort of romance. So I was getting bored out of my wits and cursing myself to fall for the sensuous poster. But to not let such an evening go wasted I started playing with her tits. Initially she kept pushing my hand off but then she just let me be. I had a field day rubbing her slowly hardening dark nipples. The dime sized fuckers were rock hard in ten minutes and my wife was squirming left and right. Slowly she grabbed my hand and pushed it to her clothes covered pussy.

My fingers couldn't say no and slowly slipped inside her skirt and felt the tingly pubic hair waiting to be caressed. With all the manipulation of her nipples, her pussy slit was soaking wet - too inviting for my probing fingers and I slowly parted her slick pussy lips apart and eased one and then two thick fingers inside to start a slow finger fuck of her burning hot cunt hole. My cock was straining to break free inside my pants when the phone rang.

Fuck. I cursed the inventor of mobile phones and answered it. It was my business partner. He had heard some bad news about our company's stocks and wanted to apprise me. I cursed him in my mind but excused myself out of the theatre to work out some figures. I heard my wife's lusty and angry growl at being left out on the verge of a glorious orgasm. But like is a bitch and so is the stock market, so I mouthed sorry and went out.

I must not have taken 15 minutes but by the time I returned and readjusted my eyes to the darkness, I was surprised to see someone sit next to my wife. My wife's head was in his lap and the way its outline was bobbing up and down, she was sucking his cock. I was furious, and curious. I walked to the extreme left (inside the heavy and musty smelling curtains that were lined up on the back wall) and peeked slowly at the live scene unfolding in front of me. My wife was indeed slurping on a nine-inch long and thick as my wrist dong of a stranger, whose hand was jammed inside her pussy. Her skirt had ridden up and her panty had been taken off. Suddenly the man held her head from behind and pushed it all the way down on his cock. Seeing the way he was jerking and spasming it was evident that he was blasting his nuts in my wife's mouth. Once he was finished he just got up and walked away. My wife quickly looked around and tidied her clothes and hair quickly and then sat down like a prim and proper housewife that I thought she was.

I slowly sneaked in besides her and whispered my apologies and told her in a few words about the stock problem. She grinned back and said all was forgotten since I had returned. I turned to give her a kiss and she quickly pulled back. But not quick enough for me to have missed that unmistaken smell of a cock and warm cum. Soon, my hand was back on her breasts and tweaking her still hard nipples to a new delirious state. She again started squirming and without any invitation I moved her hand to her pussy. I pretended to not notice the lack of underwear and freely stroked her blood-engorged clit. Then the fucking phone rang again. Oh shit, I thought and hurried outside. This time it was a wrong number and when I was returning I decided to play the fool and watch what she was doing.

She was already standing and stretching herself lewdly. One hand was fondling her breasts and the other was fingering her pussy in such a way that if anyone chose to turn his head he could see her bare hairy pussy on a wanton display. The three rows to our front were empty but there was a scattering of men in other rows. There were three men seated in the front row and one of them had been turning around his neck to survey the theatre for some action. He caught her movement and was in our row in a few seconds. Once there he didn't waste any time and opened his zipper and hauled his cock out. It was still soft and was carrying about six inches of uncut meat. My wife looked around (possibly for me) and bent down in his lap like a two-dollar slut. Her tongue flicked out and started lapping at his cock, which was growing rapidly. Soon she was holding his monster meat in both her hands deep-throating his cock like a born-slut. She had also pushed his hand to her brazenly open pussy. He slid in his thick long fingers in her pussy easily and started humping her. For five minutes this went on and then the man pushed her head away. His shiny black cock glistened in the flickering reflection of lights from the screen. Then he slowly pulled her up from her waist and made her sit down on his.

"Oh no, I don't do fucking," she whispered. He didn't like that response but forced her down on his cock anyway. She whimpered as I saw the thick cock disappear in her spread pussy. She kept looking at the entrance to check for me coming back. But her pussy violator didn't care a hoot about that. He whistled softly and I guessed it must have been a signal for his two friends who turned and with wide grinning faces, leaped to the row of action. There were a few other couples around and when they noticed what was happening, they just started walking away. Now there were only five of us in the whole theatre - the three fuckers, my wife and me. And one by one, they fucked her silly till she was half unconscious. They were done before the movie ended and left the theatre chuckling loudly having eased off the tension in their cock and balls.

Now I had no option but to return. When I did, my wife just broke down and started crying on my shoulder. When I asked, after the usual showing surprise and shock on my face, she said that one man raped her right here in the theatre. I apologized to her and comforted her as much as I could and prayed to god that she wouldn't notice my rock hard cock.

Just then the usher walked in. Apparently the couples had complained to him before leaving. He walked in and switched on the lights even though the movie was still going on. He was a black man of 65 or more. He was way too lanky and his grey freaky hair looked unkempt even with the smart uniform of blue overalls he was wearing. His face had a sinister look that I had often seen in movies where weird black men are shown in prisons. He was also reeking of alcohol and some rank body odour that I thought was like a mixture of sweat, piss and sugarcane juice.

"What have we got here," he mumbled looking piercingly at my wife's body spread at the foot of the seats. She looked quiet hot, lying down there on the floor amongst discarded popcorn boxes, mint foils, hair, chocolate wrappers and all kinds of litter. And of course, her skirt was torn from the side and flashed her freshly fucked pussy clearly (from the old man's angle).

"Mister, some one raped my wife here," I said.

"Really? How come she never screamed? The other people complained that she was behaving like a slut," he retorted.

"What nonsense? My wife is a prim and proper lady and would not do anything like that."

"Yeah, and I am Saint Peters," he scowled, "I need to report this to the police."

"Oh please, we don't need any more stress dealing with the police," my wife said in a very pleading tone (I was laughing my head off at her feigned innocence).

"If you were raped they will only help you find the fuckers...er rapists were," he said, his eyes darting on the cum seeping from my wife's stretched pussy. I pretended to not notice. My wife noticed and pretending to not notice too.

"...maybe we can come to some arrangement if you really don't want me to report this to the police," he said leering.

"Sure, what do you have in mind Mister," I asked, while pulling my wife's left leg up under the behest of making her more comfortable. This only made my wife's pussy lips stretch open a little more.

"First let's move missy here to a better place, I think she needs to rest," he said and moved forward to help her stand. I was rolling my eyes upwards to see that he had chosen to support her by holding her breast under one arm and her bare thigh (just an inch away from her seeping pussy) with the other hand. "Come here man, help me carry her," he told me and I pulled her up with her hands and backside. Together we carried her to a side door labeled "staff only". He let go of her heavy breast (I noticed the nipples were hardening again) and opened the lock of the door. The room was dark and after he switched on a dim light I realized it was being used to store the cleaning stuff and some broken chairs.

He pulled five chairs together and we helped my wife lie down. Then he stood over her head - one leg on each side - his crotch forming an obscene lump right above her head. He then bent down to adjust her skirt so that his crotch was directly above her mouth and for a moment I thought I saw his growing lump touch her nose (she closed her eyes and inhaled his deep musky aroma but I caught her expression). He lingered for a while and stood up again.

"Sir," he addressed me, "please go and get a glass of water for your wife while I clean her up." Like fuck was I going to get water. I hid behind the curtain and watched as he dished out a rag (that looked like someone had wiped shit with it) and slowly started wiping her thighs and started slipping up towards her hairy honey pot. "Looks like more than one man raped you, right dear?"

"I am afraid so. And they were very big too my...er...pussy is still sore from all that fucking...er...raping they gave me."

"You poor thing! Papa is here to take care of you my child," he said in a quivering voice and swiped her pussy slit with the smelly rag. My wife shivered in pleasure.

"I can't see your slick pussy clearly as all the light is being blocked by my big black body," he said and moved away to his original posture - crotch on her face, "here, much better baby. Let me wipe all that sperm your fuckers blasted in your hairy pussy." He started swiping along her pussy slit and also started grinding his crotch in her face. His overalls were tenting with his erection. And there must have been a hole in there for, pretty soon, my wife fished out his black hairy balls and started licking them like ice-lollies.

Meanwhile, I saw some water in a mop bucket. I filled a discarded coke cup with the water and made an appearance. The old usher stood up upon seeing me. I looked worried and went to my wife's side and set her head in my lap. The old man was still standing in his original position. But he had forgotten to stuff his hairy big black balls inside his overall. I pretended to not notice. I lifted her head and put the cup to her mouth, "here darling, have a sip."

"What the hell is that," he roared and ripped the plastic cup from my hand. In doing so he jerked so wildly (intentionally I think) that his entire cock flipped out and landed on my face with a thud. A single thread of his precum sort of joined him and me together. His uncut cock was still soft and covered with a wrinkled tip of foreskin. It was so heavy and thick that when it hit me in the face I felt like I was punched.

"Mister, I think your penis fell out accidentally," I said, pointing.

"Never mind that, let's attend to the woman first, she needs me to clean her up," he said and bent down again to start his pussy cleaning job with the dirty rag. This time, since her head had risen up in my lap, his blue black monster of a cock softly came to rest on her face. His hairy balls stretched all over hear forehead. I gently lifted his cock and balls off her and asked her, "darling, can you breathe?"

"Yes," she said in a voice heaving with lust. I saw her tongue snaked out to lick at the tip of the old black man's cock. He must have stretched a bit more than required for right at that moment his overalls gave way and the tear under his balls ripped all the way to his back. He was not wearing any underwear so his hairy asshole winked at me in the face. Tentatively I moved forward and took a long sniff of his shit hole. Rank smell filled my nostrils and my cock jerked and released some more precum.

"Your earrings are scratching my cock, child," the old black man said, "just open your mouth so that I can keep it safe inside." My wife looked at me from under his ball sack and I said, "yeah darling, the poor man is only trying to help you please keep in soft cock in your mouth."

The cock was not soft anymore and all of it didn't fit inside my wife's mouth so she started moving up and down on his cock so that his entire cock was safe. I helped her move up and down. Then I saw that the rag had been thrown and the old usher was cleaning my wife with his tongue - lapping all along the length of her slick slit and then going back. His big black bony finger was busy cleaning ...er...massaging her thick clit.

I was going a bit crazy with the smells from his shithole so I just snaked my tongue out and took a lick. It sent shivers down my spine. Even his black cock jerked wildly with my action on his asshole and hardened even more. Now my wife was holding his balls with one hand and fucking her mouth with his big black old cock. She was also squirming left right and centre because of the tongue flicking on her pussy and clit.

After about seven minutes of this oral play from all three mouths - my mouth on his black bung hole, my wife's mouth on his big black smelly cock, and his mouth on my wife's hairy gaping and inviting cunt - he stood up and said, "I think now I need to clean your face, it looks very sticky and gooey." With that he changed position so that his long thick fat black cock shining with my wife's saliva dangled dangerously close to the winking entrance of my wife's hairy pussy.

As he bent down, ostensibly to wipe my wife's cheeks wet with her saliva and his precum, the purple head of his black cock peeked from under his jet black foreskin and knocked at the hole of my wife's hungry pussy. Her pussy opened its cuntlips wide and swallowed his cock half in one gulp. The second thrust came from the bony old man as he shoved his midriff and plunged more than half of his smelly cock inside my wife's slick pussy.

Soon my wife was eagerly receiving his massive and urgent thrusts. Being an old man, and his cock being teased by my wife's expert mouth and now pussy muscles, he could not hold on to his nuts for too long and erupted inside my wife's fertile pussy like a sleeping volcano. White seed seeped out of my wife's pussy canal even though it was jammed packed with his blue black meat. The white load matted her cunt hair and splashed around towards her ass slowly. The old man collapsed on top of my wife in a heap of bones. His crinkly grey hair tickling my chin. I bent and saw that his thick black lips were still nibbling on my wife's pink lips. And that her pink tongue was snaking inside his toothless mouth. 

Aroused beyond any expectation, I slowly pulled myself out from under my wife's head. I moved about and bent down to witness the union of that old blac0B