Michelle’s private school nightmare
by Revengedpirate

Michelle’s private school nightmare. Part 1

It was eight in the morning, when Michelle woke up. She took her towel and wash kit and headed to the girls dormitory showers. Michelle was 14 nearly 15 and went to a private school. The school buildings were old and the dormitories were no where near the shower rooms.

All the boys and girls in the school knew to take spare clothes or towels with them as the walk between both was really long.

Michelle was one of the first girls in the shower that day. She took her clothes off and put them on the old benches across the room from her. She pulled back the curtain and stepped towards the shower.

She turned the shower on and shut the cubicle curtain before scrubbing her completely naked body from head to toe. Once her shower was finished she pulled back the curtain only to find her towel and clothes gone completely.

She looked left and right but the locker room seemed empty until she saw Chloe stood there.

“Chloe please help me, my clothes are missing. Have you seen anyone take them?” Asked Michelle.

Chloe was always picked on and humiliated by Michelle, but she was a kind hearted girl and felt sorry for the naked girl.

“Ok wait in the cubicle, I’ll see if I can find them if not I’ll bring you some alternatives.” Said Chloe.

Michelle did as Chloe suggested. She couldn’t believe Chloe of all people were trying to help her.

Unbeknownst to Michelle, Chloe was setting her up for the most embarrassing day of her life. Within a few minutes Chloe returned.

“I’m sorry Michelle, but all I could find was this mask, nappy, T-shirt, and converse blue high tops.” Said Chloe.

“Well anything is better then nothing.” Said Michelle.

She pulled the T on, the picture on the T was Minnie Mouse. She then put on the baby blue converse high tops. She couldn’t put the nappy on herself.

“Chloe could you help me put the nappy on?” Asked Michelle.

“Ok lie down.” Said Chloe.

Michelle lay down on her back. Chloe took some rash cream and started to apply it.

“What are you doing?” Asked Michelle in shock at the cold liquid.

“I’m applying nappy rash cream. Whilst your walking around in a nappy, it’ll prevent it from rubbing your legs and inner pelvis area. It basically makes it more comfortable for you to walk.” Said Chloe.

Michelle let Chloe continue putting the nappy on. Chloe then covered the cream in talcum powder before putting the nappy on. The nappy was snug and fit perfectly. It was a good job Michelle was a skinny person.

Chloe had gotten a nappy in advance and made sure she had Michelle’s measurements memorised. Chloe had taken the measurements when Chloe had slept in her dorm a few nights back.

Chloe had managed to slip Michelle some sleeping drugs which had made it easy.

The nappy’s pattern was also that of Minnie Mouse. Then Chloe helped Michelle stand up. Chloe gave Michelle the mask, which was a picture of Minnie mouses face.

“This way no one will know who you are even if we bump into someone.” Said Chloe.

“Good idea. But it’s really hard to see in this mask, you’ll have to hold my hand, and guide me through the school, back to the dormitory, ok?” Asked Michelle.

“No problem.” Said Chloe.

She took Michelle’s hand and guided her towards the changing room door. Michelle was disoriented from the start. Chloe opened the door and turned right towards the dormitory. Michelle followed.

Chloe then took the next three rights taking Michelle back to where they started. Chloe tried her best to disorientate Michelle before walking her into the school gymnasium from the back.

At the back of the gymnasium was a stage. This was currently where school assembly’s were being held. It was big enough to accommodate the whole school, and this morning at nine o’clock was to be a school assembly.

The back of the gymnasium was hidden by curtains. Chloe lead Michelle up to behind the curtains. Once in place Chloe grabbed a couple of dangling chains and cuffed Michelle’s hands in place.

“Now keep very quiet and still. I’m going to school assembly if you make a noise you’ll be discovered. It’ll be easy to move you once assembly is finished.” Whispered Chloe in Michelle’s ear.

Chloe had no intention of saving Michelle’s modesty. She had already organised every last detail. Apart from the unknown aspects of how their teachers would react of course.

Chloe’s friend Danielle was in on the plan, and was currently back stage. Chloe gave her friend the thumbs up before disappearing behind the curtain and hiding amongst the students. Danielle’s escape was a little complicated.

She would sneak out the back door before locking it with the key. She would then hide the key in the gym bin and sneak back into the gymnasium also disguising the fact she was gone by the mass of students.

Danielle started listening intently to the headteachers waffle. Michelle was doing the same, suddenly she felt her arms which were by her side, get yanked straight up above her head.

Next she heard gasps from the students and teachers followed by laughter.

Then she heard the headteacher close to her.

“Whoever this is, will be punished severely.” Said the headteacher.

The head teacher sounded like she was stood next to Michelle.

Suddenly Michelle felt the mask being taken off her head. The sight that greeted her, rocked her to her core. Michelle wished she was stood there in anything but a nappy and T right now. Michelle would of even preferred full nudity to a nappy.

Michelle saw the entire school in assembly stood in front of her. The head teacher Mrs Roberts holding her mask. Michelle squirmed trying to get free.

“Hey look at Minnie.” Shouted out one boy.

“That’s not Minnie, it’s Michelle.” Shouted another.

Mrs Roberts looked at Michelle’s hands which were cuffed above the girls head. Mrs Roberts got a chair and stood it behind Michelle. She then stood on it to get a closer look at the restraints holding Michelle’s arms in place.

Unfortunately Mrs Roberts lost her balance and fell forward. She put her arms out trying to catch her fall. She caught Michelle’s T but, instead of stopping Mrs Roberts fall, it ripped and came off.

It left the head teacher to face plant the floor, with Michelle’s top in her hand. Michelle audibly screamed as she now stood topless, her A cup breasts out for the school.

Stood there in just blue high tops and a nappy Michelle struggled as hard as she could to free herself. It was no use.

“Hey, that boy was right she should be called Minnie.” Laughed another girl.

“No she’s a Minnie baby.” Said another girl.

“A Minnie baby Michelle.” Said another.

“Wait I’ve got it. She’s a mini baby Melle.” Shouted a third girl.

“Mini baby Melle.” Shouted a fourth.

Then the whole school started chanting it as Michelle burst into tears red in the face and totally humiliated. Michelle had never been so humiliated in her life, unfortunately Michelle’s embarrassment came flooding out of her, literally peeing herself and filling the nappy.

“Wow Mini just wet herself.” Shouted a boy at the top of his lungs.

As he said it, Michelle’s nappy couldn’t take the strain. It fell to her ankles and Michelle stood there in shock. Her legs spread slightly, her arms in the air. The only thing hidden from view was her feet and ankles from the high tops.

“Wow she’s totally bald. God she looks like a five year old.” Shrieked a girl from her class.

Michelle couldn’t hide, she hung her head in shame as the laughter continued.


Michelle’s private school nightmare. Part 2

“Mrs Roberts you fucking bitch!!!!” Screamed Michelle at the top of her voice.

“You couldn’t leave me alone. Instead you take my mask off and strip me fucking topless.” Shouted Michelle, Rage engulfing her.

“And now here I am totally fucking naked apart from my fucking trainers and everyone is fucking laughing at me.” Michelle continued her rant.

“You fucking bitch!! Mrs Roberts, you get me fucking down or I’m going to scream until you fucking make everyone leave. You’re the biggest bitch I know.” Shouted Michelle still from the top of her lungs.

Michelle felt totally humiliated and embarrassed, her face was a deep dark red, tears were streaming down her cheeks. All she could do was shout and rage at her embarrassment.

Michelle’s rant had silenced the hall, no one would dare call the head teacher a bitch. Michelle had crossed some invisible line.

“Go ahead, Miss Turner. Have your baby tantrum. Show everyone what a big girl looks like.” Said Mrs Roberts.

“Shut up, shut up, shut up, I’ve had enough of this fucking school, I’ve had enough of fucking people laughing at me. I’ve had enough of you, fucking bitch.” Screamed and hollered Michelle.

SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK
SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK

Everyone wondered what was going on, they soon realised that Mrs Roberts was spanking Michelle’s bare bottom. The students watched on as Mrs Roberts spanked the poor defenceless girl.

Michelle clearly wasn’t expecting it, and cried even harder then before.

“Mrs Green, please get the students to their next class, whilst I sort out this little girl.” Said Mrs Roberts.

Mrs Green started sending the students off to their appropriate classes, leaving Michelle and Mrs Roberts alone.

“Right have you calmed down? Who put you up here?” Asked Mrs Roberts.

“Chloe.” Said Michelle through tears.

“Chloe Ranger?” Asked Mrs Roberts.

Michelle just nodded. She watched as Mrs Roberts walked off and out of the now empty room leaving Michelle stood naked on the stage. Michelle couldn’t believe she was still trapped on stage or that the entire school had seen her completely naked.

Michelle wanted the ground to swallow her up, though she most wanted to run but knew she was unable to go anywhere.

It wasn’t long before Mrs Roberts returned with Chloe. Both walked onto the stage.

“Chloe has something to say to you.” Said Mrs Roberts.

“I’m really sorry, Michelle. I didn’t mean for this to happen to you.” Said Chloe.

Michelle didn’t answer. She was embarrassed and too worn out from her earlier tantrum. Michelle just nodded in shame.

“Chloe would you undo the handcuffs?” Said Mrs Roberts.

Chloe undid the handcuffs with the key. Michelle fell to the floor completely exhausted. Chloe helped her up.

“Chloe take Michelle to the nurse, then return to your class. I will see both of you first thing tomorrow in my office.” Said Mrs Roberts.

“Yes Mrs Roberts.” Said Chloe.

Chloe helped Michelle to walk to the nurses office where she left Michelle and she went off to class.

That evening in the dormitory. Chloe came over to Michelle.

“I’m really sorry Michelle. I really was trying to help you.” Said Chloe feeling guilty.

“Hey mini, what’s up?” Said Becky giggling as she passed the two of them.

“Hey leave her alone.” Shouted Chloe.

“Who’s going to make me? You mickey?” Said Becky laughing harder.

Maybe you should give your girlfriend mini a kiss.” Said Becky.

Chloe stood up and pushed Becky.

“I said leave Michelle and me alone, Becky.” Said Chloe getting angry.

“Fine Chloe, I’ll leave you alone. Oh before I leave here’s a souvenir.” Said Becky.

She shoved a piece of paper into Chloe’s hands and walked off. Chloe opened it, she looked at the paper in shock, before screwing it up, and throwing it in the fire.

“What was on the paper?” Asked Michelle.

“You’re not going to like it.” Said Chloe.

“What?” Asked Michelle.

“It was a picture of you before your mask came off. It also had the words Mini baby Melle printed over the top.” Said Chloe.

“Look, I was at least dressed when that mask was on, anyway, I forgive you ok. I know I’ve hurt you in the past. I got what I probably deserved for being such a bully. Not just to you but everyone ok. Don’t punish yourself.

Let’s get an early night, we’ve got to see Mrs Roberts in the morning.” Said Michelle.

“Ok I’ll see you in the morning night.” Said Chloe.

Both girls went to bed. Next morning Michelle woke up, her bed was soaking wet. It looked like she had wet herself during the night. Michelle never wet the bed. Just then the nurse came in the dormitory and over to Michelle’s bed.

“Let’s get these wet things off, and take you to the shower.” Said the nurse.

The nurse took all the bedsheets and put them in a big bag, before pulling off Michelle’s wet nightie and knickers. She placed them in the bag.

“Good let’s get you showered then.” Said the nurse.

Without warning she took Michelle by the hand and took her out of the dormitory and down the corridor to the girls bathroom. Michelle tried to protest as she was still completely naked. The nurse wasn’t listening.

Michelle held her head in shame as they passed the odd student every now and then. The students they did pass looked first at the clear bag, which contained wet bedsheets and clothes. To Michelle who was completely naked.

The students laughed or giggled. They said things like.

“Look Mini has wet herself.”

Or

“Aww the poor baby.”

Michelle knew she may of gotten away with wetting herself in the gymnasium in front of the school, but wetting the bed was totally different. Michelle was in tears by the time they reached the bathroom.

The nurse put Michelle in the shower, then washed her completely, not letting Michelle wash herself. Then after the shower, the nurse took Michelle to her office in just a white towel. The nurse led Michelle into the back room. She put Michelle on a table.

“Right let’s get you dressed.” Said the nurse.

The nurse grabbed a nappy, rash cream, and powder. The nurse started applying the cream.

“Wait, what are you doing?” Asked Michelle.

“You’ve had two accidents in twenty four hours, you need a nappy on, till you can prove the accidents stop.” Said the nurse.

“But I wet myself yesterday out of embarrassment.” Said Michelle.

“I’m sorry, I can’t take that risk. Besides it’s school policy dear.” Said the nurse.

Michelle was red faced as she lay there, the nurse putting her back in a nappy. Before dressing Michelle in her school uniform. The nurse put a skirt on Michelle without tights.

“Why am I wearing a skirt?” Asked Michelle.

“How would I check you otherwise. With a skirt it’s easy I just lift the skirt, like so. Oh you’re to come see me after wetting yourself, and once every two hours. You’re not to use the toilet am I clear.” Said the nurse.

“Yes.” Said Michelle.

“Good, oh if you’re not here on time I will come to you and change you wherever you are. Am I clear?” Said the nurse.

“Yes, can I go now?” Asked Michelle.

“You’re dressed of course you can.” Said the nurse.

“Wait a minute, how did you know I’d wet the bed this morning? I didn’t know till a few seconds before you came in.” Said Michelle.

“Becky told me. Don’t worry I told her not to tell anyone.” Said the nurse.

Michelle left the nurses office and went up to Mrs Roberts office. Chloe and Mrs Roberts were already waiting for her. Michelle knew whatever lay in store for her today, it couldn’t be worse then yesterday could it?


3