He'd deliberately chosen a day when he knew he wouldn't be busy for this, knowing that the images of the delightful sight he'd left would be enough to distract him from anything important. By noon Merlin was more than ready to return to his tent and continue Arthur's training. He ordered that he wasn't to be disturbed for the rest of the day and the next, barring emergencies, as he wanted to be able to take his time over his plans for his plaything.

He entered quietly, taking the opportunity to watch Arthur while still unobserved. The prince's eyes were closed and he was obviously concentrating on breathing evenly. His legs were spread wide, though, and his hips were gently rocking in a way that made it clear that he was teasing himself with the plug, moving it against the place inside him that brought such incredible pleasure. If the thought of Arthur had been difficult to resist, then the sight of him so surrendered to the needs of his body was nigh on impossible.

"Very nice," Merlin said, and watched Arthur jerk to a halt, trying to bring his greedy hips back under control. "I hope you've been enjoying yourself in my absence."

He walked towards the bed, close enough to touch and Arthur closed his eyes, and begged, "Please..."

"Please, that sounds good. What do you want, Arthur?"

"I want to be fucked. I want your hard cock inside me, stretching me, filling me up. I want to be used for your pleasure..."

The words were impossibly arousing, but Merlin saw an ugly flush of shame spreading across Arthur's face, and he realised he'd pushed too hard. He wanted Arthur taking pleasure in his own submission, not fighting it. It took only seconds for him to decide that he needed to do something to prove to his captive that there was no shame in wanting, even in wanting to be fucked.

"Yes, I know exactly what you mean. You mustn't be greedy, though. You have such a beautiful cock, I can't wait to have it inside me."

Arthur opened his eyes in shock, staring at Merlin in apparent disbelief.

"What, surprised I want to have some fun as well?" Merlin said, as he started to undress. "If a tongue in your arse feels great, a hard cock feels even better."

He'd had every intention of taking full advantage of his lover's body sooner or later, and it really was no hardship for it to be sooner.

He moved into position, straddling Arthur's body, and oiled his fingers before pressing two inside his hole, stretching himself while Arthur watched, still incredulous but also beginning to lick his lips in anticipation.

Merlin knew his body well enough not to need long-drawn out preparation, as fun as it could be on occasion. This time though, he wanted Arthur inside him as soon as possible, proving the truth of his words. So it wasn't very long at all before he pulled out the fingers, held Arthur's cock steady and sank down on it, slowly burying it inside his body. He sat on Arthur's thighs and rolled his hips gently, teasing his prostate with the hard length that filled him.

Arthur thrust up, unable to resist the urge to bury himself even deeper into Merlin, and moaned as the dual stimulation to his cock and prostate nearly overwhelmed him. Merlin let him set the pace, moving with his rhythm, fast and hard and desperate, and it wasn't long at all before Merlin was ready to add to his seed decorating Arthur's belly from the morning.

"So very good at this, I love the feel of your cock inside me."

"I know you've been wanting all morning, it's okay, you can let go now."

As Merlin's come covered him again, Arthur thrust one last time and climaxed.

He collapsed back to the bed, boneless from his release, and Merlin took advantage of his relaxation to remove the plug and the manacles.

"Let's get you cleaned up, you've been so very good today."

It wasn't as if Merlin needed servants to fetch and carry for him, though it made his people feel better if they could contribute to his care, and so it didn't take long before Arthur was washed and refreshed. This time Merlin made sure he healed any soreness completely; it was clear Arthur had learnt exactly how much his body loved to be filled.

"Thank you," Arthur said, and it was Merlin's turn to stare at him in surprise.

"Because I prefer a clean partner at my meals?" Merlin asked.

Arthur flushed, but pressed ahead with an obviously prepared speech. "Thank you for understanding. I..."

"Arthur, I would love nothing better than to be buried inside you, taking you apart on my cock, but this isn't about punishing you. I won't make you beg again until it's what you want to do. Now, come and eat, you must be thirsty, and you need to keep up your strength." Merlin smiled expectantly, he had every intention of enjoying the rest of the day, and putting this minor setback behind them.