Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Nine: Girlfriends by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Rachel knelt, and gave my cock a few sweet pecks, as I sat at the edge of my bed, then reached her hands up to take hold my shaft. She opened her mouth and took the tip of my head between her lips.

Once again, her method was not skillful; she stroked a bit with both hands and held the tip in her mouth, but nothing more. But I didn't want to give her any advice. I just wanted to watch her while she experimented, while the little cock-pleaser tried to figure out on her own what she needed to do.

Eventually, of course, I took over for her, at which point, the little hussy did what she had done the first time--she leaned down further, and gave my ballsack a kiss. When she came back up, she had a big smile.

"Do you want me to cum on your face again?" I asked her, panting.

She just gave me that sweet smile, and nodded.

I jacked for a few more seconds, and then, feeling that wonderful surge, lowered my cock to aim directly at her. She flinched when I let out a loud exhale, squinting her eyes in anticipation; I paused my stroking until the feeling passed, then started up again. With my cock aimed point blank at her nose, i moaned again, she flinched again, I paused again until the feeling passed.

We played this little game for another half a minute, until I couldn't take it anymore; with my cock aimed no more than an inch from her nose, I exploded, coating the poor child's face with several solid streams of semen. She shook as each shot struck her, but, remarkably, she didn't turn away, instead sitting with her face turned up towards me, passively letting me dump my load on her.

"There's so much!" she said with obvious amazement when I'd finished, holding her hands palms-up under her chin to catch the drips. I'm sure she would have been wide-eyed as she said those words, but for the fact that she held her eyes closed tight because they were covered in oozing cum. She lifted her hands and wiped my semen from her eyes, then looked up at me. "You really like doing that, don't you?"

"I think you like it, too!"

"It's very warm," she responded. "And gooey."

Rachel grabbed her shirt from the bed and used it to wipe off her face. Then, tossing the shirt onto the floor, she climbed on the bed, propped herself up on her elbows, and looked at me with a self-satisfied smile. Still naked, I climbed up next to her and gave her a kiss.

"You're a really remarkable girl, Rachel," I said. "I think I like you."

She smiled, but with an odd look, like she was troubled about something. "I talked with that new girl, Alice, this morning," she said.

"Oh?" I was curious, and now a bit troubled myself, about why she would be bringing up Alice right now.

"She introduced herself to me," the girl continued. "She seems nice."

"Yeah," I agreed, "she is."

"Is she your girlfriend?" she asked, as point blank as my cumshot had been a few minutes earlier.

I wasn't exactly sure how to respond, which was probably a bad thing at that moment, because it made it seem like I was hesitating. The truth is that I'd grown rather fond of thinking of Rachel as my "little girlfriend," and I hoped that she might see things the same way. But on the other hand, I also found myself quite enamored with Alice, and not just because of the fabulous sex--"Hitchhiker" was a pretty remarkable girl in a whole lot of ways. I also thought, or at least hoped, that Alice might be feeling the same way about me.

"No," I answered, which was true, but certainly wasn't the whole truth.

"But you have sex with her, right?"

"Yeah..." I said, then quickly added, "but she has sex with all the guys."

Rachel looked away for a moment, absorbing that piece of information into her ten year old worldview. Then she looked back at me.

"And you have sex with my mom, too, right?"

"Did Alice tell you that?" I asked her, suddenly feeling defensive.

"No! I just figure, I mean, I saw you guys--"

"Oh," I said, understanding. "Yeah, we do have sex, but just because your dad can't. I just help them out."

"Help them out?"

"Yeah. Your mom and dad like having sex, like, together. With each other. But your dad can't... can't get..."

"He can't get an erection?"

"Right, so I--"

The little girl grinned. "You don't have any problem getting an erection. You seem to have one all the time."

I laughed. "How can I not, when I'm around a sexy girl like you?"

Rachel blushed, and smiled, and then said, "Or like Alice?"

Hmm. Alice again. "Sure... Like Alice."

"So..." Rachel hesitated for just a moment, "...do you think that we'll ever have sex? I mean, you and me? Like you and Alice do?"

Maybe I'm a fool, but I hadn't seen that question coming. Luckily, Alice had prepped me for this--she'd convinced me that I had an obligation to make sure that the girl knew that I wanted her. And it was clear that Alice was right; Rachel was angling to find out how much I was really attracted to her, how she compared in my mind to my other sex partners. So, thanks to Alice, the answer came easily.

"I really want to," I said. I waited a couple seconds, just to let the answer sink in, and then added, "But only if you want to. Only when you're ready."

The sweet smile on her face melted my heart, and I was so thankful for Alice and her advice--her demand. Even if Rachel and I never have sex, that little smile made me incredibly glad that the adorable girl knew that I was interested in her. That sex with her was something I wanted as much, or more, than I wanted to have sex with Alice or her mother.

Still smiling, Rachel set her head on my chest and closed her eyes. "I think I really want to, too," she sighed.

I kissed her forehead. "We'll just take it nice and slow. No pressure or anything."

The topless little girl looked up at me with her big blue eyes. "Okay."

"Now," I said, "since you've been asking me all these questions, I have two questions for you."

"Mmhmm?"

"Okay, the first one... You asked if Alice is my girlfriend, but, the truth is, I don't have a girlfriend. But I'd really like to have one."

"You would?" Her eyes were even bigger, and more beautiful, now, as she looked up at me with what I thought must be nervousness, or anxious anticipation.

"And there's one girl I'd really love to have as my girlfriend."

"Me?" She asked, unsmiling, in a plaintive little voice.

I looked her right in those big eyes, my heart fluttering like a schoolboy's. "Will you be my girlfriend, Rachel?"

Now she smiled, so big that adorable dimples graced her rosy cheeks. "Yes!"

At this point, we both had huge silly grins. After just looking at her shining eyes for a moment, hoping that my over-anxious heart might settle down, I leaned into her and we consummated this new step in our relationship with a long romantic kiss.

"What was the other question?" she asked, when the kiss was finally done. "You said you had two questions."

"Oh, right," I said, looking into those beautiful eyes. I'd honestly forgotten what the second question was, but I new one escaped my mouth before it'd even formed in my conscious brain. "Rachel... Would it be okay... if I touch your pussy?"

She gave me a little smile. "My 'pussy?'" she said, apparently finding the word to be odd, or funny. But even as she said the words, her hands were reaching down to unbutton her pants.

Her pants and panties in a jumble at her ankles, she shyly held her legs together, and I could see only the soft chubby rise of her hairless mound, and the beginning of a little slit. But as my fingers inched down, she spread to give them access, and her slit was revealed to my longing stare. At the same time, her pale lips parted slightly, revealing the most beautiful little shock of pink that I had ever seen

We kissed, my middle finger sliding up and down her slippery slit, gently teasing out her demure little clit. Soon the ten year old was squirming to my touch and moaning softly around my tongue. So I broke the kiss and moved down, kissing her chin, and her neck, and her chest, latching onto a delicate swollen pink little nipple. She lifted her chest to encourage my suckling, and made the most adorable little sounds, "Uggghhh, uggghhhh..." I could feel a tiny teat swelling against my tongue.

Having given my love to both of her nipples, I continued kissing downward: sternum, bellybutton, pale puffy hairless pubic mound. Then I moved between her legs, and she wantonly lifted her hips to present her little pussy to me.

I had the most graphic view. Her clitty, no longer shy, was a tiny bluish bulb peeking out to greet me from inside of its pale wrinkled hood. Below her clit, her pink labia parted as she spread her legs yet wider, revealing the dark reddish wetness of her vagina and just a hint of its guardian--the taut pink skin of her hymen, with a tiny hole in its center giving me a teasing glimpse into the paradise inside.

I kissed, and kissed, and licked, and licked, my tongue tickling her clit, then sliding down between her lips and caressing that sweet hymen, the tonguetip poking into the little hole to explore.

Rachel came. She came hard, pussycum flowing out of her and coating my face as I rubbed against her quivering, orgasming sex.



"Did you get any further with your little girlfriend?" Alice asked me that night as we walked out among the stars, holding hands like teenage lovers.

"A bit," I answered. "I went down on her."

"Sweet!" Alice said with a big smile. "I bet she loved that!"

"She seemed to like it."

"I'm sure she did. I love it when guys go down on me!"

"Hmm. I can't recall, have I done that to you yet?"

"No, you haven't," she said matter-of-factly.

"That's odd, since I admire your pussy so much."

"It seems to me that you were more interested in my asshole, the first time we had sex."

"Hmm. That might be true."

"I guess you like your little girlfriend's pussy more than mine," she pouted.

"Not true at all! I admire them both, a whole lot!"

"It's okay," she said. "So long as I have Mr. Richter to kiss my pussy, I'll be a happy girl. That man sure knows what to do with his tongue!"

"Okay, now I'm jealous." My turn to pout.

Alice laughed. "You don't have anything to worry about. I like Mr. Richter just fine, but he's not really my type."

"Oh? Why not?"

"I dunno. He's fun, and really good in the sack, but he's kinda tedious sometimes, you know?"

"Tedious?"

"Yeah, I mean, I like tripping a lot, but all these people, like Starfire, she just loves it when he starts in on the mystical stuff. But I just want to dance and, you know, get naked and do stuff. That's what I like."

"I like that, too."

She grinned up at me. "I know you do!"

"So then, what is your type? A guy who parties?"

"Um, no, not really. That's fun and everything, but... I guess I'm really a Daddy's girl."

"What's that mean?"

"I don't know, I guess it means I like older guys? Guys I can look up to, that're smart but not like professors or something, and strong, and who treat me nice"

"Have you ever met a guy like that?"

"The first guy, he was like that. But he didn't like it when I called him Daddy. He said it made him 'uncomfortable.'"

"Really??"

"So, do you like it when I call you Daddy?"

"Yeah... I've never had a girl call me that before, and I really like it."

She gave my hand a squeeze. "Come to think of it, I have met one other guy who's just my type."

"Oh yeah? Who's that?"

She giggled. "I'm with him right now!"

I laughed. "I don't know if I fit the bill, but I sure as hell think that you're just my type."

"Oh? What's your type?"

"Smart and sexy and sassy!"

Alice giggled hard at that. "Well, you 'fit the bill' just perfect, Daddy, even if you are a square. "No, 'specially if you are a square!"

"You think squares are sexy?"

She gave me her best effort at a little girl demure smile, and nodded.

"Well then, I'm the squarest guy you've ever met."

"No you're not, Daddy, you're not square at all, but that's okay. I still think you're totally sexy."

"I'm glad you think that, princess," I said, "but I think maybe I need to show you just how nice I can be."

"Oooh, 'princess,' I like that! How are you going to show me that, Daddy?"

"If you come up to my bedroom, princess, I'll give you lots of kisses."

"Kisses! I love kisses! Where will you kiss me?"

"Where do you want me to kiss you?"

Alice's eyes twinkled in the starlight. "You could kiss me like you kissed your little girlfriend."

"That's what I was thinking."

"Yay!"

In my bedroom, she lifted her skirt. "Look, Daddy! No panties!"

"Beautiful," I said reverentially, looking down at the little batch of curly auburn hair between her legs.

"I bet your little girlfriend doesn't have any hair, right? Maybe you'd like it better if I shaved mine?"

"I like yours just the way it is." I knelt in front of her and leaned in and nuzzled into her pubic hair.

"Mmm," she said, putting her hands on my head, then sitting down on the bed and pulling me into her. "Tell me about Rachel's pussy."

I flicked my tongue over her clit. "She has the sweetest little clitty--" lick "--so shy, so tiny."

"Mmm... Did you lick it?"

"Umhmm." I slid my tongue down to her slit.

"Did you put your tongue inside her, Daddy?"

I pushed my tongue into Alice's slit. "Mmhmm."

"Does she taste good?"

I had to pull my tongue out to answer. "She tastes sweet and fresh, like you." My tongue slipped back in.

"Did you fuck her with her tongue?"

"Mmhmm." My tongue slipped in and out of the opening to Alice's vagina a few times before I added, "Well, I tried, but her hymen stopped me."

"Ughh..." She ground her hips against my face. "I don't think she's gonna have that cherry much longer!"

I flicked my tongue up her clit, and her thighs quaked against my cheeks. "She did ask..." I flicked over her clit again, and she shook in response. "...if I think..." I licked the length of her clit, and she shivered and moaned. "...that we'll ever have sex." I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked it into my mouth.

"What did you say?!?"

I sucked her clit hard before answering, "I told her that I want to have sex with her."

"Oh god Daddy!" She lifted her ass off the bed. Her whole body was shaking. "Fuck your little girlfriend! Fuck your slutty little virgin girlfriend!" She settled her ass on the bed again, coming down from orgasm. She lifted her head to look at me. "Please, Daddy? Please fuck me now. You can have my little cherry. I'll be your virgin princess slut tonight."

Alice lifted her hips as I entered her, pushing them towards me in counter thrust as I pushed into her. The result was that I slid effortlessly into her well-lubricated fuckhole. She arched her back, lifting herself up onto the top of her head, and cried out. I grabbed her hips, holding them up, and we ground our bodies together in the intimate dance, the dance of Daddy and his princess.

Daddy groaned, when after ten minutes of raw copulation he was ready to complete the act. Princess knew he was ready; she understood such things.

"Oh Daddy," she whispered, her cheeks bright red, her face shaking but her eyes locked unmoving with her Daddy's, "please cum in me. Make me your dirty little princess."

I strove in deep, my ballsack slamming against her ass, held myself there, and unleashed a torrent of sperm. The look on Alice's face, I'll never forget. A great big happy smile.

We lay together after, her arm across my chest, her little breasts against my skin. "I got really turned on, when you said you told her that you wanted to fuck her," she sighed. "You have no idea how much I wanted to hear that, when I was ten."

"I can't imagine not wanting you when you were ten."

"I wish I knew you then. We could have had sex every night. I would have wanted you so badly."

"I would have wanted you even more."

She gave a grin. "So when do you think you'll have sex with your little girlfriend?"

"I don't know. Maybe never? Just seeing the way she smiled when I told her I wanted her, that was more than enough for me."

"She's so sweet! Of course you're gonna have sex."

"I don't know, she's so small. I think I'd hurt her."

Alice sat up on an elbow, looking at me. "Daddy..." she said, very sternly. "Sex hurts sometimes for girls. That's what it's like for us. You think it didn't hurt when you fucked me in the ass? It did! But that didn't stop you!"

"Yeah, but..."

"But what? But I'm not your 'precious little china doll girlfriend?' I'm just a slut for your amusement?"

"Alice, that's not--"

"Trust me, she's not gonna mind if you hurt her. The last thing a girl wants is for a man to treat her like a delicate little doll. She wants you to treat her like a woman, like you treat me--like you treated me when you wanted ass sex, and you figured I was slutty enough to let you do it. And like you treat her mom, when you fuck her from behind like you own her. Anything less than that, and your little china doll girlfriend is gonna think you don't really want her. That you want me and her mom more than her."

"Okay..."

"And don't wait. I know you're trying to be gentlemanly, but that's not what she wants. She doesn't want a gentleman, she wants to know that she makes you a sex-crazed maniac who can't control himself when you're around her." She took a big deep breath and her eyes twinkled. "I used to dream, when I was ten, that a man would like me so much that it made him crazy and he couldn't stop himself. That's what I wanted. Hell, that's still what I want, and that's what she wants, too."

"Jesus, that's hot."

She smiled, and settled her head back down onto my chest. "You're hot, Daddy," she sighed, and closed her eyes.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
