Chapter 2 - Alone

Reprieve, or condemnation? I shook my head as I returned to my apartment. I was one of perhaps a dozen teachers and staff who still breathed. Should I consider myself lucky? Or damned?

Pausing to bolt the door, I rested a hand against the heavy wood, tasting each indiscretion it had witnessed. My eyes closed, allowing moments of my life to replay behind the lids, a red-tinged home movie I would rather not revisit.

I couldn’t know if my secrets were still intact, but part of me knew it didn’t truly matter. I had my orders, and I would find a way or they would kill me. Simple, direct, precise. No more games. I’d been involved in too many of those. Never again.

One by one I went through my rooms and my desks, seeking out the trappings of the old order and packing them away. Paperwork unfinished found itself swept into a box, my responsibility no longer. My bare hands burned with each lonely scrap of paper, each battered file, the residue of humanity clinging stubbornly to the debris of a fallen order. The pain grew, driving me onward at a mad pace; sweat dripped from my forehead, matted my hair. I wiped an arm across my face, every fibre in my body trembling and on the edge of shock. I clung to the heavy mahogany desk as though it were an anchor against the storm.

Slowly I regained my composure and put my gloves back on, tugging them into place with crisp precision, as I always had. Decades of service and not one whisper that anyone knew of this gift, this curse, this madness that kept me apart from my fellows and untouched by all but a few.

All but one…

This room still remembered him. I tried, oh God I tried, but without directly willing it I removed my gloves again and set my hands flat to the wall beside the office door. He had slept here, his hair touching the wall as he turned in his sleep, his face as calm and still as an angel’s.

I could almost smell the shampoo. My lips parted and I sucked at the air, desperate for a taste, a moment of the past to redeem all my pain. Air burned into my chest, bitter and cold and tasting only of spent freon and dust.

I stood there, embracing the wall, daring the past; my pulse thundered in my ears. He had been perfect, unspoiled, and for one brief moment mine.

[The phone rings. A secretary’s voice. “I am to inform you that new orders have been issued in the matter of the boy precog. He is to reside with the general populace effective tomorrow.”

Panic, dread – that would be like handing him over to a pack of half-starved jackals! – “There must be some mistake, I was assigned to mentor him and keep him under personal surveillance for four months!”

“There is no mistake. I have the orders right here, sir.”

Dread becomes horror and I ask “Who signed the order?” through lips gone suddenly numb.

“Herr Sonndheim, sir.”]

My knees gave way and I allowed myself to crumple to the floor, my fingertips trailing white fire down the wall. I should have distanced myself, I should have simply turned away, but I could not bear the thought of that monster getting hold of that sweet boy. I knew what games Sonndheim favored, and I knew from the first that he wanted Bradley. Bradley, my sweet young hope. My diamond, my star.

My retrieval team had found him on my lead, a boy of unusual gift in a humble corner of the world. I had felt him, known where he would be. What I had not known was how powerful he truly was, or what he would one day become. Becomings are not a thing I can taste, they reside in his world, in the immensity of the future.

Memory tormented me, replaying that damn phone call over and over:

[“Herr Sonndheim, sir.”]

[“Herr Sonndheim, sir.”]

[“Who signed the order?”

“Herr Sonndheim, sir.”]

I screamed, an incoherent roar of fury as I leaped to my feet and began ripping the desk drawers free one by one and dumping their contents in the packing box or on the floor or wherever the hell they landed before hurling the drawer into the far wall with all the force of my training behind it. Shards of mahogany and brass fittings flew back at my face like shrapnel.

[“Who signed the order?

“Herr Sonndheim, sir.”]

I jumped onto the desk and tore at the ceiling tiles, pulling them free and sending them tumbling floorward. My fingers searched for the pain among the wiring and insulation, and found nothing.

As though merely descending from a stair-step I vacated the desk, jarring my back as my feet returned to the floor but not caring. I had work to do, and less time to do it. I should have done this years ago, but in the beginning it was far too dangerous and later it had become meaningless. Now it was the only thing I had left, the only unfinished business with a corpse, and I was determined to finish it before taking up my new command.

One by one I scoured each room, climbing onto desks and bookshelves to rape out the hidden spaces above my home. My hands hurt, but I was without pity or mercy, just as I was trained to be. I heard myself cry out as my fingers closed over a length of wire that still carried its origins in its heart. Wrapping it around my wrist for leverage, I pulled, hard, and heard a satisfying ripping sound as it came free, nearly plunging me from my perch in the process. The tiny camera had played silent witness to every moment I spent in my living room, every meal, every breath, from kitchen to window to sofa. The sofa…

I snarled aloud and continued my rampage, determined to rid my life at last of that maggot, that miscarriage, that demon that was Erich Sonndheim.

[A dismissive glance. “Herr Crawford, I presume?” A proprietary leer. “Handsome boy, Konrad. Needs more sun.”

“Always a pleasure to meet one of Schoenberg’s boys. Good evening, Bradley Crawford…”]

The snarl escalated into a full-throated howl. My body trembled with the force of it even as it tried to reject the psychic poison that lived in Sonndheim’s camera wiring. The man was dead, dead and gone, executed by perhaps the only one who could have pulled it off.

Executed by my star, my brilliant unspoiled diamond.

And with that move, they had both condemned me to a life in hell. I could never leave here, with Sonndheim dead: someone had to keep watch over the animals in this monstrous menagerie, and that honor had fallen in turn to me.

My dream of tenderness, of love, with my star shattered; my dream of freedom scattered into a million fruitless imaginings.

Betrayed.

Red tinged my vision – red fire, red hair, red blood. Breath came in ragged gulps, bringing dizziness and a sense of euphoria. The euphoria of the damned.

I threw my head back and bellowed at the heavens. “You were supposed to take me with you!”

A/N:

From “Standing Outside the Fire”, Bradley’s POV: He said something else in German, pausing in the middle to look me up and down like a side of beef; I felt my face go red, but I couldn’t understand exactly why.

Here we find the scene from Konnor’s point of view: A dismissive glance. “Herr Crawford, I presume?” A proprietary leer. “Handsome boy, Konrad. Needs more sun.”

Bradley Crawford was a farmboy from Kentucky. He arrived at the end of summer. He would have a healthy tan…most everywhere.

Not much more to add here, I think.