The last thing that Sam wants is to get tangled up again with the angels.

Heaven's soldiers are bad news, he knows that. He remembers his scriptures where angels were the last resort when God wanted something destroyed and forgotten. If He wanted something wiped off the face of the planet with only a crater left behind He sent an angel. For anything else humanity can cope.

When Ruby shows up at the bar where they're hustling pool, talking about how the demons are trying to get their hands on a girl who can hear the angels talking and Sam doesn't want to get involved. Sam is of the opinion that Heaven and Hell can go hang so long as he gets Lilith's head on a platter. He's unsure whether or not he wants decoration on the plate.

The Darkness suggests pickled onions.

Sam questions that, not because he doubts that pickled onions go best with children's heads, but because his abiding memory of them is of a Christmas at Pastor Jim's and Dean eating a whole jar of them without being dared.

It's the kind of thing that they do on Japanese game shows but still Dean did it, and Sam's never been able to face them since he sat next to Dean throwing them up . Even the concept of them served with Carpaccio of Lilith disgusts him.

That he honestly considers Carpaccio of Lilith as a meal disgusts him.

Then his mouth waters at the thought. The meat thinly sliced and almost dissolving on his tongue counter pointed by the taste of the sweet, sharp, onions.

Whilst he daydreams, Dean has taken in the details of the case because, of course, Dean has to run to help the angels. Although he says that they're dicks, Dean has this serious case of hero worship. Any chance he gets Dean's on his knees for them , and then Sam thinks about it.

There is a third option here, he thinks, that serves him and not Heaven nor Hell. Dark Jess, invisible to the others, wraps her forearm over his throat and presses her weight and heat against him. "That's my boy," she says softly and kisses the back of his neck with her softlips.

***

The civilians think that Anna Milton is mad. Sam thinks the name is ironic but doesn't mention it to Dean. She's a pretty girl in the photos, over sculpted, pale as milk, with hair naturally the color of blood. She tells everyone what she can hear and has gotten herself committed for her trouble.

She's wearing a sweater that belongs on an old woman and on the surface looks fragile and haunted, but a closer look reveals that it's as if she was carved out of marble for there is no give in her. She doesn't look real and she moves with a strange coldness, one that is not like the angelic naiveté but more like a robot or an alien who is aping humanity . . . badly.

Anna looks at him as if she can weigh his soul with her dead eyes. He wonders if Dean wouldn't have been better to go to the hospital, he has the same deadness in his eyes now. But she recognized Dean's name, and she looked at him like he was Christ reborn.

Sam can't help but look down at her, sitting in the pool of sunshine in that old lady cardigan, just a scared little civilian in the wrong place at the wrong time and without the wit to just end it.

He doesn't press.

He doesn't need to.

He can smell the angels on her, a thick tang of old incense and obfuscating fog. "You could eat her," the darkness suggests, Sam ignores it. "You could break her." There is a brief image of this girl with her blood red hair prostrate in front of him with her dead dark eyes and the darkness coils over her like a mass of snakes and she likes it.

Sam waves it away as he smiles at her and tries not to think of what the Darkness is showing him; the sensations it is feeding into him, of keeping her as a slave, of the feel of her cunt slick around his cock, and the pulsing of her throat as she swallows, breasts pressed against his back as she does what he wants her to do.

And when she speaks, she reveals the secrets of the angels.

He could even share her with Dean.

He remains quiet because he knows he'll own her , and wonders if demon blood strengthens him and it is a corruption of angel blood, what Anna's blood would do ?

Anna doesn't notice what he's thinking and in some ways Sam is glad. Perhaps if she did notice she'd step out of this war, where even champions are cruel and covetous. He thinks of Dean and adds the coda, broken – the champions of this war are broken.

Anna turns out to have slightly more wit than most of the victims he deals with. But not by much.

Hiding in a church is one of those things seems like a good idea, but at the same time this isn't the kind of church that has power.

He can taste the faith here, weak and watered down.

The altar isn't even consecrated. The Darkness laughs in his head, because so much of the old magic is gone, lost to reason, and all the things that might have bound it are long gone.

There are churches that demons couldn't enter, but this one might as well be a house or a strip mall. When the statue of the Virgin begins to weep blood Ruby sounds like she's going to give birth to kittens.

Sam doesn't care, he can take it, he can take them all.

***

Sam learns more about Dean through the demon's taunting than in the months since he's returned from Hell.

The demon, Alistair, is sneering, nasal and cruel. So when the darkness suggests an alternative , a third option to letting the demons have her, or letting the angels have her, of using the angels, who want the girl dead as she is a liability, and the demons who just want her, and letting them fight it out, he's happy to send Ruby off to be tortured.

Dean is raw, looking like a kicked puppy, and when the girl speaks to him Sam considers it inevitable that he falls into sex with her. Dean's been covering his flaws with sex for years.

That in itself doesn't bother Sam, because there have always been girls, they don't mean anything, even with Jeremy and Perry whooping and laughing and telling tales, and little Daisy Rae jumping at doors complaining that she can't see.

Sam can't see either, and that's fine.

But when Castiel sees Dean there is something in the air between them. It feels like ice or fire or electricity.

It has power.

The demons notice it so it must be clear. Castiel looks wounded and Dean wavers between aggressive and scared. Anna misses it all.

And then Dean – who wants to run, to vanish into another country to get away from this mess, from that demon— runs into the fray armed with nothing but a tire iron. He does it all to save Castiel.

Sam's not sure who is more surprised: the demon, the angel or Dean himself.

But he saves the day and the girl by tricking that super-dick angel and gives Anna, who of course is an angel, because that's just the way their life works. If their lives were novels, they'd be cheap sensationalist trash. Even if Ruby is holding in her intestines and Dean is going to spend the next few weeks moping over his lost angel love who exploded into a ray of light, the Darkness thinks the whole thing is hilarious and that's the only thing Sam still feels .

***

Dark Jess is showing her amusement with the oily fabric of her dress, her tanned and golden skin, and the soft press of her lips. She's feeling indulgent but Sam's mind is on other things, even as she bites at his nipples and skims her hot hands over his stomach.

Dean is sitting in the car in the motel carpark.

He has his hands on the wheel but he clearly doesn't intend to go anywhere. He doesn't even have the radio on. He's just sitting there, belted in.

Sam is lying there on the cheao motel bed as Dark Jess shows how grateful she is for all the blood he took from Ruby, licking up the wound in her belly, but his mind is with his brother, even as she dislocates her jaw to swallow his cock down to the hips.

Dean told him about Hell and Sam couldn't help but think of the foggy town with its monsters and it's lingering nursery rhymes and the mysterious man in the dark coat. He thinks Dean might be over exaggerating because the sign said it all, "Welcome to Hell," and it makes sense to Sam that Hell would be suburbia.

It's not Hell Dean's fussing over, it's the angel. But as Sam's hips rock up into Jess' mouth, hot and slick and strong, he wonders what is going on between Dean and Castiel. Something passed between them, and the last thing Sam knew was that the two of them were fighting.

Dean is keeping secrets, Sam thinks as Jess pulls back, sucking his balls into her mouth. An orgasm hits him with the sensation.

Dean's secret is obvious; it's not what he did in Hell, because Sam's sure that he made that up.

Dean is fucking Castiel.

Or at least, he was. The two of them can't seem to be together long enough to do anything but argue as Dean's fight reflex kicks in and the angel doesn't know what Dean needs to hear.

Sam lets Jess finger his ass as Sam grins to himself, Sam knows what Dean needs to hear. Sam knows what to say. He wants Dean to be who he was, what he was, and to belong entirely to him. The angels aren't allowed his brother, Dean has always been Sam's, and if he's going to spread for a man he might as well spread for the most important person in his life.

"Mmmhmm," Jess says from between his legs, "you want him," she says clearly, "you need him." She kisses the inside of his thigh, licking up semen and sweat with a pointed little tongue. "Take him ."

And Sam decides that maybe he will.