Story:   Katrina F/M (cons)

We were in the pancake house having a leisurely Saturday morning breakfast.  I looked across the table at Katrina's face and reveled in the beauty of her innocent look.  She looked into my eyes, reached her hand across the table to hold mine, and said, "I'm going to give you a good paddling this morning.  And later today, I'll use the strap."  She said it in a way that told me the decision had been made and was irrevocable.

Even though we had been together for almost a year, I got that funny feeling in my stomach, like "butterflies" - the same feeling I had when we undressed each other the first time we had sex.

"Why?", I asked, knowing that she didn't really need a reason.

"Because your reaction to being spanked gets me so hot," she replied, half whispering, with a coy smile.

There definitely would be a reaction from me during the paddling and strapping.  When she paddles me, I'm totally undressed, and bent over the back of a chair.  A paddling is never over-the-lap.  She uses the hairbrush for over-the-lap spankings.  When she applies the strap, I'm either bent over the back of the chair, or face-down on the bed with pillows underneath to raise my hips.  If we're role-playing, I may lean across her desk, while she, as the stern principal, punishes me, the naughty student.

My thoughts then went to the usual routine of the paddlings.  I retrieve the paddle from the closet, and hand it to her.  She watches me in silence while I undress.  She positions the chair in the middle of the living room, and I lean over the back of the chair.  Katrina never announces to me how many strokes she will give.  Her formula is simple: SHE decides when to stop.  While the first few swats sting (her motto: make every stroke count), it is usually after six or seven strokes that the cumulative buildup of the pain is so intense that I don't believe I can take any more.  She hears me pleading with her to stop; she sees my wiggling and squirming; she sees me doing all I can to stay in position and not stand up, because I know I'll get extra strokes for each time that I get out of position.  I beg her not to paddle so hard.  She keeps on.  And keeps on.  And keeps on.  When she stops, she does not say anything.  I stay in position until she tells me I can stand up.

The scene has a few differences when Katrina gives me the strap.  She places the pillows, covered with a towel, on the bed, while I undress completely.  Then she retrieves the strap and sings "It's time!"  A slight smile is on her lips as I position myself face down.  She walks to one side, does some fingertip tickling of my bared bottom, and then, without a word, starts wielding the strap.  She pauses for a moment after ten to twelve strokes, and then gives another set.  Sometimes she will prance to the other side of the bed and deliver a few sets of strokes.  Each stroke gets a vocal reaction from me, accompanied by wiggling after she has delivered a set or two.  You can imagine the effect of a strapping after a paddling.  This is usually a role-playing event in which the paddling is "at school" and the strapping is "after I get home from school".

I thought of how this had all begun.

I remembered how nervous I was at first, bringing up the subject of spanking, and how I'd peppered little hints through our conversations.  I remembered the first time she was curious about the scene, and offered to experiment; how I rather clumsily positioned myself over her lap after handing her the paddle.  Then I told her how to use it.  A few light strokes.  I told her I could hardly feel them, and that she should use the paddle with more force.  Eventually she placed a few medium strokes on my bared bottom.  Then she wanted to go over my lap to know what it felt like.  Although I applied the paddle with much less force than I would have wanted her to use, I occasionally gave a sharp smack.  After a few more swats, she said she'd had enough, and got up.  She was aroused, and we went to the bedroom.  As time went on, I talked her into using the paddle a few more times, then a strap.  In the beginning she was very concerned about "hurting" (translation: injuring) me.  I t
ook her aside and told her that it makes me happy for her to spank me, and that as long as there is no permanent injury, I'm okay with that.  I told her that it's okay to give a severe spanking, and that even severe spankings, done right, don't leave permanent effects.  I told her that I'd "train" her to give me spankings, and that I thought she would come to enjoy the scene.

Katrina did start to like those adventures, saying that it was a great way for her to relieve her frustrations.  I taught her how to use the hairbrush on me.  I always got turned on by getting across her lap for a hairbrush spanking.  She has incredible legs, and the sensation of her bare legs against my hips was arousing - before she started spanking.

Later on the paddlings, strappings, and hairbrush spankings got to be something she looked forward to, and she began to get more confident in assuming a dominant demeanor in our relationship.  I introduced her to the rattan cane.  She really liked using the cane on me.  The sessions became more severe as Katrina became knowledgeable about my limits.  And, she liked to, and often did, extend those limits.

One noticeable characteristic of the discipline I get from Katrina is that the more severe the whipping, the greater the reward afterward.  

We finished our breakfast and got home after an errand or two.  A little while later, she called from the other room.  I entered her study to see her standing there, holding a Spencer paddle.  She started to speak in a firm voice.

"So, you've been disrupting class again, have you?  Apparently you didn't learn from your last paddling.  I'm going to see to it that you remember this one.  I've already called your governess, and she gave me free reign to punish you as hard as I think you deserve.  Oh, and she also said that you're going to feel the strap tonight.  But what your governess plans to do has no bearing on what I'm going to do.  Now, you have one minute to get completely undressed, with your clothes arranged neatly in the corner, and to get into position bent over the desk."

I quickly complied, grasping the other end of the desk as I got into the desired position.

"You'd better not let go, or you'll get extra."

I didn't have long to wait for her to begin.

Katrina stood to my left as I was bent over her desk.  She held the polished plywood paddle firmly in her hand as she prepared to paddle me.

"I'm going to give you a good, hard, red-hot paddling.  When I'm through with you, you're going to be nicely prepared for your governess' strap that she promised to give you tonight."

Then it started.  The paddle always hurt a lot more than I expect, and after a few strokes I started to give a vocal reaction.  After a few more strokes, I kicked and twisted, all the while desperately trying to stay in position so I won't get extra strokes.  Katrina rarely gives fewer than 45 to 50 swats.  When she tries to extend my limits of endurance, she gives a lot more.

There are times during the paddling when I didn't think I could take any more without standing up.  I tried to get her to stop by pleading with her, interspersing my pleas with phrases such as "Oh, God, Katrina, no more!" and "Stop, Katrina, stop! Just for a minute, stop!".  But she didn't stop.  She never stops.  I know that she was getting intensely aroused as the paddling progressed.  

There were two paddlings I did get out of position.  After I got back into position and she finished, she was true to her word.  I got extra strokes, but not with the paddle.  She used a narrow strap, giving me twenty strokes as hard and as as fast as she could deliver them, for each time I got out of position.

I remembered how much those extra storkes hurt then, so during today's paddling I held on to the other end of her desk so tight that my knuckles were probably a pale white from the effort.  I begged and I pleaded, knowing that my pleading was very sweet music to her.  I kicked and writhed, knowing that she became further aroused at the sight.  But I kept my bare bottom just where she wanted it for the whole time.

When Katrina finally stopped, I stayed in position, knowing that I'd be punished more if I stood up before she said I could.  She then started to handle my testicles until I naturally showed a reaction by getting a good erection.  After playing like this for several moments, she told me to get dressed.

Most of the afternoon went as usual with no mention of what was to come. When I walked, or when I would sit, I got a definite reminder of what had transpired that morning.  A little later in the afternoon Katrina came to me with a firm look on her face and said, "I had a little talk with your principal today.  She told me that she was going to give you a good paddling.  I told her to give you as much as she wanted, and further, that you'd get the strap when you got home.  Since I'm your governess I'm going to make sure you learn your lesson.  Go get the strap, get completely undressed, and lay face down on the guest bed.  I'm going to give you a strapping that you're not likely to forget."

I did as she ordered, with a combination of excitement and fear in my stomach.  I wondered how much I'd be able to take after this morning's paddling.   This was probably one of those times when she wanted to extend the limits of my endurance.  A few moments later Katrina came in, picked up the strap, and started to powerfully wield it, interspersing the strokes with phrases such as, "You're going to have to learn to behave at school, young man."

Now, the guest bed was a single bed, which means that Katrina can use the strap from either side.  She usually gives several sets of strokes from each side of the bed.  During this severe leathering session she in fact did apply strokes from one side, then pranced over to the other side of the bed and delivered several sets of strokes, alternating like that every few moments.  
I knew that Katrina was of course getting very aroused by my reactions to her attentions.  I begged her several times to stop, while she warned me to stay in position, and she delivered stroke after stroke of the strap to my very reddened bared bottom.  There were times that I did not believe I could take any more.  When Katrina sensed this, she would slow down the tempo a bit, while placing one hand somewhere on my back to hold me in position while delivering the strokes.  As always, she was the one in control, and she was the one who decided when to stop.  

It was a very severe session, and it was one of the times when she used a session to extend my limits of endurance by considerably lengthening the duration of the punishment.

I stayed face down on the bed when Katrina stopped.  A few moments later she entered the room and proceeded to lightly massage my well-punished backside with a soothing lotion.  After a while, she told me to turn over.

I saw that she had brought two glasses of wine - my favorite claret.  And she was completely undressed.  We sipped some wine, and then, with a look of wide-eyed excitement, Katrina draped her body on top of me.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
