Slutty Sue's Sex Experiment
byraidernation25©

When I was a college student one of my favorite classes was psychology. We often spoke about the behavior of people in unusual situations. My professor showed a video of a man in England who was acting drunk to show how people would take advantage of him.

In the video people are rummaging through his pockets and wallet and we found the video to be very enlightening. We spent a long time discussing how people reacted so I decided that I was going to try an experiment on my own.

Every Saturday night during football season there were parties all over campus. I picked one party to go to at a popular frat house. I had a classmate and friend from the frat and I told Tim what my plan was. I was going to pretend to get completely wasted and see what the frat brothers would do to me.

Tim was going to be the bartender at the party and he agreed to give me no alcohol but drinks that look like mixed drinks. I wore a low cut sundress with no bra or panties. I arrived at the party and it didn't take long for the frat boys to try to get me drunk.

"Hi Sue! How ya doing?" Tim asked.

"Great. Can I get a mixed drink?" I asked.

"What do ya want?"

"Scotch on the rocks."

Tim poured me what appeared to be a scotch on the rocks and soon I found myself in a corner with another frat boy Sam.

"What are you drinking?" Sam asked.

"Scotch on the rocks," I replied.

"Okay. I'll get you another one," he explained.

Sam returned in a couple of minutes with my next drink. I downed it fairly quickly and decided to start my experiment.

"Wow!" I exclaimed. "I think I'm nearing my limit," I stated and I started to slur my speech and pretended to act drunk.

"Have a seat Sue. I'll go get you another drink and something to eat," Sam stated as I sat down on a couch.

"Here's another drink and some peanuts. Cheers," he said as we both finished our drinks.

"Sam I don't feel good. Is there anywhere I can lay down for a few minutes?"

"Sure. You can go to my room and lay down."

I leaned on Sam as we made our way to his room. His hands were all over me, pinching my ass and rubbing my tits through my dress. We finally got to his room and Sam opened the door and turned the light on.

"Here you go Sue," he said as he helped me onto his bed. "Relax and I'll check on you later," he explained as he closed the door behind him.

I was laying in his bed listening for anyone to come into the room when I heard his door open. I pretended to be passed out but was completely aware of my surroundings.

"Awesome!" the voice stated. "She's out cold."

"I don't know Phil?" Sam stated.

"Come on dork. She's prime for the taking. We can fuck her and she'll never know who did it," the other frat boy Phil said.

I felt a hand between my legs pulling my dress up. 

"Holy shit Sam! She isn't wearing panties. This bitch really wants it bad," Phil exclaimed.

"Wow!" Sam exclaimed. "Take her dress off and let me get my camera."

Phil pulled my dress up past my waist and he picked me up from my waist and pulled my dress off over my head.

"Damn! Nice tits!" Phil stated.

"Oh yeah!" Sam replied.

I felt a hand pulling my legs apart and rubbing my slit.

"Geeze...this bitch is already wet."

"Roll her over. I wanna get some full frontal shots of her," Sam commanded.

They rolled me over and I was laying naked in front of these two frat boys. I saw the flash from Sam's camera so I knew he was taking tons of photos of me.

"I'm gonna fuck her. Make sure you get some pictures," Phil said.

"Are you sure?" Sam asked. "We don't want any proof that we did this to her."

"Oh yeah. I guess your right," Phil replied as he rubbed his hard cock against my pussy. "Well I'm gonna enjoy this," he stated as he penetrated my cunt. "Fuck this bitch is tight."

Phil had my legs up over his shoulders as he pounded away. He didn't last very long because he let out a scream and I felt him explode inside of my pussy in less than a minute.

"Oh fuck yeah!" he screamed as he kept his cock inside of me until he drained his load deep inside of me.

"Get up Phil. I'm next," Sam stated and he went in for sloppy seconds.

Sam was much better than Phil. He teased me with his cock rubbing his purple tip against my clit. I let out a little moan and I thought Sam was going to shit himself.

"Are you gonna fuck me or play around?" I asked.

"I thought you were passed out?" he replied.

"Nope. I was drinking ginger ale and cola pretending to be drunk," I stated. "So hurry up and fuck me."

Sam quickly penetrated me and I wrapped my legs tightly around him.

"Come on Sam. Fuck me, fuck me harder!" I screamed.

I rubbed my clit as he fucked me and Phil returned with a few more frat boys.

"She's awake?" Phil asked.

"Yes I am," I replied. "You're not nearly as good as Sam here. Keep it up Sam. Yes that's the spot!" I screamed as I climaxed.

"Fuck you cunt!" Phil cried out as he put his semi-erect cock in my mouth. "Suck it slut."

I squeezed his ball sack as I devoured his cock in my mouth.

"I hope you last longer this time," I said looking up at him.

Sam soon came and filled me with his sticky seed. As soon as he pulled out another frat boy took his place. I sucked on Phil's cock for another ten minutes or so until he pulled out and came all over my face.

"Oh yes. Oh yes!" he moaned as he gave me a facial. "You're a great cocksucker," he exclaimed.

Soon I had another cock in my mouth and another buried in my cunt. This is how my night went. I'd fuck one frat boy while giving the other one a blowjob. I lost count of how many guys I slept with that night but it was a fun experiment to do. My friend Tim told me that I did the entire frat house and that was about 25 guys. I realized that any girl who got drunk at a frat house would probably get taken advantage of. But this time I'm the one who wanted to be used and abused. So that's another story from my slutty college days.