The only girl in the team
by Girlspns 

The only girl in the team part: 3

Both sides were equally matched and the intensity was growing with every minute.

at some point, all you could hear was yelling of encouragement and commands from both teams.

I even heard some swearing as players got frustrated when they couldn't reach the ball on time. Everyone seemed to be sweating profusely, including me but that didn't stop us from playing our hearts out.

My team had some good shots but so did the enemy team, it was clear that both teams were getting tired as fouls became more and more frequent, which explains why what happened next happened.

I was running after the ball when one of the players from the other team gave me too hard a push and my bra got ripped. I blushed in embarrassment as everybody stopped the game and stared at me. Even though I had already been playing in only my underwear, this was different as it was not my choice anymore.

"Sorry Astrid, let's pause for a second so you can take off your bra" captain said being more than kind to me.

I felt like I could die right there but I knew that I had no way out so slowly and with trembling hands I removed what remained of my bra and threw it away. Now all eyes were on me staring at my bare breasts, I felt myself burn up with shame standing here in just my thong.

The game resumed once again and I tried my best to ignore the stares and continue playing. It was hard to focus with the constant feeling of being exposed, but I had to push through it.

The game became even more intense than before, with players sliding in the mud and diving to catch the ball. It was a fierce competition, and both teams were determined to win.

As the game progressed, I found myself getting more and more turned on by the physical exertion and the feeling of being exposed. I could feel my nipples hardening and my thong becoming wet with excitement.

Suddenly, I felt a hand on my bare back, sending shivers down my spine. It was Einar, who had come up behind me in an attempt to steal the ball.

I panicked and passed the ball, sending it flying to the other side of the field. My team members ran after it and in seconds they scored a goal! We had won, and my teammates cheered in celebration, I didn't even mind the fact that my breasts bounced for all to see in my excitement.

I was exhausted but I felt proud at the same time. We had just won a game while playing shirtless! I turned around to face Einar and saw that he was also smiling, clearly proud of our victory. In that moment, I had never felt more alive, but strangely, now that the tension had passed, that tingle came back with a vengeance.

As we headed in after the game, I and the rest of the team decided to shower, the reasonable assumption was that they finish showering and I'd take mine after, but I went in with them, they were shocked to see me come in, they were all naked and they seemed in need of relief, I took off my thong and shoes, leaving me naked too.

"Astrid, what are you doing here?" The captain asked, shocked.

"Well, I'm one of the team, aren't I?" I replied, I tried to play it cool, but my ears were pounding with the rush of blood.

The shower itself was awkward, I could see the boys stealing glances at me and whispering among themselves, my little puss was on fire and I was beginning to regret this decision until Einar, flanked by the rest of the boys, came up to me:

"Hey Astrid, can we ask you a favor?" Einar looked like he wanted to vanish, and not ask what he was about to ask.

"What?" my eyes couldn't help but wander downwards and see all the boys standing in attention.

"Can you get on your knees?" I just about passed out, but I did so without hesitation, the boys surrounded me and they began masturbating to the sight of my naked body.

I couldn't take it anymore, I let my hands join in on the action and began touching myself, tugging at my nipples and rubbing my pussy, this only got the boys going harder.

By the time I had my orgasm, the boys had covered my body in nearly a dozen loads, and some of them, including Einar, were already prepared for round two, I decided to use my mouth and give them a quick release.

I had to take my shower again as the boys left me to clean up, when I was finally clean, I was mostly alone in the locker room, I quickly got dressed and called my mom who came to pick me up.

"So did you have fun?" She asked, seeing how brightly I was glowing.

I just smiled.

