Best Laid Plans (Chapter Sixteen)

Breathing. It didn’t used to be this hard and Willow really wasn’t sure why it was so hard now. After all, it wasn’t like she was facing a horde of bloodthirsty demons or anything; all she was doing was telling the gang that she was moving to Los Angeles. And hopefully keeping them from figuring out that she was moving there because she and Angel were sex bunnies now.

Okay, maybe demons would be better.

Too late. She and Angel had reached the door of the Magic Box. Why had they driven? If they had walked...it would only have postponed the inevitable. And hey, at least with the car parked right outside, they had a chance of making a clean getaway if things went south.

She took his hand for a moment, gathering strength from the brief contact, before dropping it again and moving to open the door. Angel stopped her.

“Willow.”

“Yeah?’

“You need to breathe.”

Had she forgotten that again? Man, this inhaling/exhaling thing was much more challenging than she remembered it ever having been before she and Angel got together. Was it because she was dating a vampire now? Or was it because she’d sort of stolen the love of her best friend’s life?

Yeah, she kinda thought it was that second one.

She took a deep breath, then let it out. Let’s try that again, shall we? Good. The breathing thing was happening. Everything was going to be okay. Really. It was.

She reached for the door handle once again. This time Angel stood aside and Willow opened the door. Buffy and Xander and Anya had obviously been waiting for her. Dawn, she noted with a touch of regret, was not there.

“Hi, guys!”

The smile on her face felt unbelievably false and Willow didn’t think anyone who knew her well (or at all, really) would buy it. Sadly - or actually, happily, but still sadly - her best friends in the world seemed to think it was absolutely real.

“Hey, Will!” Xander looked so pleased to see her that Willow’s heart both rose and fell at the same time. Gosh it was going to be hard to leave him behind. But when a glare from Anya and a glance at the still noncommital expression on Buffy’s face caused his enthusiasm to immediately dim, Willow’s heart picked a direction and stuck with it - down.

Things didn’t get better when her companion joined them.

The look on Buffy’s face...Willow’s guilt level rose to uncharted new heights of awfulness. Because the love in Buffy’s eyes was a terrible thing to behold. She dared a glance back at Angel. His face was stone, not a bit warmed by the sight of his onetime one-and-only. Was she going to Hell if that made her smile so much closer to the real thing? Maybe Angel could give her some tips to make it more bearable when she got there.

“So, Angel, not that you’re not just super welcome. But why are you here?” The more things changed, the more they stayed the same. Yeah, Xander still hated Angel.

“Willow needed a ride back.”

“And once again I ask: why are you here? You couldn’t have just dropped her off?”

“Xander.” Buffy chided him. Her eyes never left Angel’s face as he moved to stand beside Willow, who wanted so badly to touch him but didn’t dare.

“No, Xander, I couldn’t.”

As Xander's mouth was opening to come back with what was sure to be an attempt to start an argument, Willow decided to head him off at the nastiness path and just out with it. She really couldn’t think of any better way to say what she had to say anyway. All the carefully-planned words in her carefully-planned speech had departed her mind at the door.

“Because he’s just taking me right back tonight.”

Spike suddenly appeared at the back of the room and Willow watched him carefully, hoping he’d keep to the terms of their treaty agreement. With Spike, you could never tell what he would do.

However, she didn’t have much time to worry about him as the reactions to her announcement started coming in.

“What?”

“What?”

“Good. That means you won’t be stealing from my store anymore.”

Well, at least there was one person who wouldn’t be hurt by her departure. Nice to know that being human was working out so well for Anya; she had the friendship and forgiveness aspects down pat. Yeah, sure thing. Willow felt very sorry for Xander right now.

“Why?”

And Spike joined the conversation. Luckily, he didn’t sound arch or sarcastic. But Willow was on her guard and Angel, she was sure, was too. He’d better not be trying to start something.

Buffy looked a bit discomfited by his presence and Willow found that she empathized with Spike. Really, what the heck was Buffy so ashamed of anyway? Spike wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about. Actually, she figured he was a cut or two above Riley and he was leagues ahead of Parker so... Okay, he wasn’t Angel, but that ship had sailed (straight into Willow’s harbour, in fact) and as far as moving on went, Spike seemed like a pretty good place to move to in her book. But then again, Buffy hadn’t really made much sense since she came back (okay, since Willow had ripped her out of Heaven) and Willow didn’t really understand her so-called “best girl friend” anymore. The thought made her sad.

Enough of that. She needed to stay focused on keeping her story straight and getting safely out of town. There’d be time for melancholy reflection later...at least if she made it through breaking the news of her new status in Angel’s life to Cordelia.

“Yeah, why?”

This time it was Xander asking the question, and he even seemed upset. Willow figured she’d better answer before someone figured out she was hiding something...well, hiding a lot actually.

“I know this seems like a really hasty decision...”

“That’s one word for it.” Spike actually looked a bit depressed and Willow decided that, for all his supercilious and condescending behaviour (especially the other night), she was going to miss him.

She caught the death glare Angel shot him and she only hoped no one read anything into it.

“Like you even care, Spike.” Buffy’s words were a bit of a surprise. This was her response to Willow’s news? Snarking at the idea that Spike might actually be sorry she was going away?

“What? Red’s the only one of you lot I can stand, so yeah, I care.” Spike was a darn good actor, because for a moment Willow almost believed that. Then the fact that he was sleeping with Buffy reemerged from her memory and she wondered if there was any way he could go on the stage without having to appear in matinees.

Buffy snorted and Willow was starting to truly be hurt. It seemed like Buffy was never going to forgive her. Of course, if she’d been ripped out of Heaven, maybe she wouldn’t be too forgiving herself. Some wrongs were just impossible to make right.

“Thanks, Spike. But really, this is the right thing to do. They need my computer skills in L.A. and it feels so much easier to stay away from magick away from the Hellmouth and all, plus...”

“There’s the fact that you obviously had orgasms there.”

Oh great. Anya wouldn’t care if Willow was torn limb from limb right in front of her, but she notices whether or not Willow had sex? This could not still be that Cordelia thing, could it? Once more Willow wanted to know: How much seer-cred could that girl possibly have racked up?

“Willow?”

“What about Tara?”

“Good on you, Red.”

What was she going to say? If the Powers were ever going to be on her side, the time was now. Please let them help her talk her way out of this.

“Umm...umm...well...I...I guess...gee...I mean...well, Fred’s pretty cute and really smart and...” Oh goddess. She only hoped Fred either never found out or didn’t have any issues that would make her really upset about being used as a lesbian beard.

“Fred? You’re back to being straight now?”

“No, Xander. Fred’s a girl. Her name is Winifred.” Angel oozed contempt, but at least he was backing up her story.

“Yeah, and she’s a physicist!” Willow hoped like the dickens that her enthusiasm would make the whole idea ring so true that everyone would stop asking questions. Everyone knew brains would turn a geek like her on more than anything, right? All she knew for a fact, though, was that she must be back on the good guy team, because she was finding lying tougher than she had in a long time.

“So just like that you’re dumping Tara? After everything you’ve put her through?” Buffy’s voice was cold and it sank Willow’s spirits like a stone.

Wow. That was surprisingly harsh. Since when was Buffy so concerned about Tara anyway?

Her meeting with Tara today flashed through her mind...how quick Tara was on the uptake. Suddenly it occurred to Willow that Tara might well have evidenced that same insight with others - like maybe with regards to Buffy and Spike? Oh.

She wasn’t the only one with secrets, now was she? She supposed she could, with reason, be angry at Tara about this, but really, she figured it was water under the bridge. Besides, there was something to be said for having the character to keep a confidence, even at the expense of the one you loved.

“I’ve already told her, Buffy. I saw her before I came here. I told her everything.” Which was true. She really had told Tara everything...the whole truth, in fact. Which was more than anyone else was going to get, at least if Willow had anything to say about it. “She’s okay. She knows I never meant for this to happen. But it did and...well...she and I were technically not a couple anymore, so...”

“I just don’t see how you can just run off like this.”

Okay, the frostiness from Buffy was getting tough to take. If her friend wanted her to stay, she was doing a darn poor job of giving Willow any reason to want to, that was for sure. Angel squeezed her shoulder reassuringly.

“Buffy, we need Willow. From what I understand, you don’t have nearly as much use for her skills as we do and she wants to make a difference. What’s wrong with that?”

“What’s wrong?” For the first time, Buffy sounded really animated. Willow clung to a small hope that it wasn’t only because Angel wasn’t fawning all over her. “What’s wrong is that this is her home. This is where the people who love her are. And here you are dragging her off to a strange city...and for what? Because you need her computer skills?”

Willow was torn between being touched that Buffy was concerned about the possibility she was just being used and being...angry that Buffy assumed she was probably just being used.

“Look, Buffy. It’s not like I’m going to the moon or to Pylea or anything. I’ll only be a short drive away. I’ll come back to visit and stuff. I just need to feel like I’m really doing something again, being a real part of the fight. You know? Plus, there’s Fred and...it’s something to be looked at like that again. Like I’m beautiful and special and not like I’m a screw-up and a junkie and something scary and awful.” She was pleading with her eyes now, hoping like anything that Buffy (and Xander...she could care less about Anya) would understand.

“Did you tell them everything?”

Buffy’s words were almost a slap in the face and Angel was obviously getting fed up. “Yes, she did. She told us all of it. About Rack, about Dawn, about everything. And you know what? We don’t hate her. People make mistakes, they stumble, they fall, they’re not perfect. We love Willow just the way she is.” Willow turned to Angel and smiled. Maybe he wasn’t perfect, but he was perfect for her.

Oops, the word “love” might have been a major gaffe, and they’d better tone down the affectionate gazing thing, too, because Anya was looking at them a bit strangely. Willow watched fearfully as her mouth opened. But she stopped, appeared to have an internal discussion (involving much furrowing of brow and a single raised eyebrow that commanded far too much of Willow’s thought processes), and closed her mouth again, looking puzzled but not inclined to talk about it. Phew. That was a close call.

“Thanks, Angel. I love you guys, too.” She injected as much chummy bonhomie as she possibly could into the words and hoped they carried the ring of platonic truth in their semi-fraudulent depths. Because she loved Angel, but she barely knew Gunn or Fred, and while she thought Lorne was pretty darn neat, she and Wesley had an odd history to overcome, and the idea of loving Cordelia made her vaguely nauseous.

“We love you, too, Willow.” Xander’s voice was soft - he was obviously a bit cowed by his girlfriend - but he said it and Willow teared up a bit. “And we want you to stay here where you belong. With us.”

Then came a real surprise.

“Xander’s right, we do love you. I guess maybe we haven’t been so great about showing it lately, what with everything that’s happened, not that we didn’t have a right to be angry, but...” Buffy sounded so sincere and Willow was stunned at the sudden and dramatic turnaround in her attitude. “I just think we can get back to the way things used to be if you’d stay here where you belong. Okay, Will?”

She was touched; she really was. It had been so long since she’d truly felt that Buffy cared about her. If it wasn’t for...well if it wasn’t for...she would have been happy to stay. As it was, she knew she loved Angel with everything she was since she was still willing to walk away.

She extricated herself from Angel’s arms and immediately drew Buffy into a tight embrace. “I’m still going, Buffy. I have someone waiting for me and... But hey, you can visit me any time you want. L.A.’s got all the best shopping, so we can have some fun “girl time” together. And after all, you’ve got Spike to console you and...” And couldn’t she have been struck mute before those last words came out of her mouth?

Oh no. What had she just done?

Quite a bit, it seemed, since Buffy pushed her away like she was something diseased; Xander was suddenly reduced to making loud, incoherent vowel sounds; Spike looked like he was both proud and terrified; and Anya, well Anya simply crowed, “I knew it!”

“I can’t believe you think that...with Spike! I would never...!”

Willow was shocked at Buffy’s vehement denial. Angel looked at her and pointed to his nose.

Scarlet was not the most attractive colour on Buffy, but there it was. Was it fury, shame, or both, that cloaked her in that unbecoming shade? Willow moved imperceptibly to put Angel between her and danger. Not that she was afraid of Buffy or anything.

Okay, she was. Sue her. Buffy was a Slayer with a notable tendency to live in the moment and right now, at this moment, she was probably pretty pissed off at Willow.

Surprisingly, Buffy stayed fairly calm. Red-faced, but reasonably calm. Willow decided that cautious optimism was perfectly okay.

“How did you know? Did Tara...?”

“Tara knew?” Gosh, Willow hoped that was believable. “I didn’t know that. But I’ve known about you and Spike for awhile. I just figured you’d say something when you were ready. I’m sorry that I sort of made the announcement for you. But hey, at least now you know we’re okay with it so you don’t have to hide it anymore and...”

“Speak for yourself! Why am I always the last one to get the memo? Spike?!? You’re involved with Spike? What is it about the dead guys?”

“Xander! You’d think you’d be a little more understanding. I mean, hello? You are engaged to a demon.”

“Ex-demon.” In stereo, no less. Maybe Xander and Anya were perfect for each other.

“There’s nothing to tell anyway. Spike and I, we’re just...it’s nothing. It doesn’t mean anything.” She was gazing at Angel, her eyes full of longing and a plea for him to still feel for her the way she still felt for him. It was heart-wrenching on many levels.

Angel's attention, however, was elsewhere. Willow saw him look at Spike and she was stunned. With all the bad blood (so to speak) between them, it seemed nothing short of miraculous to see so much compassion in her lover’s eyes. It made her love him all the more and she struggled to keep that love from shining forth in every aspect of her mien. For all the anger and distrust and enmity between them, Angel still cared about Spike, still felt for what he must be going through right now. Heck, so did Willow. It was too agonizing to see him struggle to keep his pride while the woman he loved dismissed him so contemptuously.

She wanted to say something, but she wasn’t sure what she could say. On the one hand, she felt for Buffy and didn’t want to burn the bridge that had been built just moments ago. Of course, chances are it was going to be burned in the near future anyway since she figured Cordelia would call Buffy and spill the beans the moment she learned about Willow and Angel, but still...was it so terrible to want at least a few more moments of Buffy being her friend? Yet, there was Spike, pain shining from those really-quite-nice blue eyes, and...

Willow leaned against Angel, forgetting herself for a moment, wanting to offer him comfort and get some, as well.

That was, unfortunately, a mistake. Because Anya’s attention span was pretty short and she’d already gotten over the revelation that Buffy was sleeping with Spike and had moved on (or rather back) to the sex life she’d correctly deduced that Willow now had... that was not a good thing.

The staring, brow furrowing, and open mouth were back as Willow could almost see a light bulb going on and off over Anya’s head. This time the internal discussion didn’t stay internal.“They’re...no...they can’t be. What about Angel’s soul?” Anya was talking to herself, but loudly enough for even the ones without super hearing to pick up on. “And Willow’s a lesbian, right? Didn’t she say there was a girl named Fred? But what kind of name is that for a girl? Maybe there is no Fred. Because it definitely looks like...”

“An, what are you talking about?” Oh no, Xander. Anya, please, please, please don’t answer that question. Willow tried as surreptitiously as she could to put some healthy, platonic distance between herself and Angel. Tragically, it appeared to be a bit too late.

“I’m trying to figure out how Willow and Angel could be having sex when Angel seems to still have his soul and Willow’s supposed to be gay and sleeping with someone named Fred.”

As chaos - and incoherent vowel sounds - erupted in the room, Willow decided that Cordelia was nothing compared to Anya. She squeezed Angel’s hand with all her might. How on Earth were they going to get out of this one?

Tbc...