Their honeymoon--because that's exactly what it feels like--passes by surprisingly smoothly.
If anyone had asked Simon two months ago whether he'd be able to spend any length of time with Jayne without feeling the need to perform a frontal lobotomy on the man, he would have laughed them out of the room. But the truth is that they can and do enjoy living together.

Simon's come to the conclusion that the reason he and Jayne got along so very badly on board Serenity had nothing to do with the carping of unrequited desire, but was, in fact, down to sheer boredom. Neither of them can abide having nothing to do and here in Gainsborough there's a whole new life that needs building, enough to keep two men occupied for a very long time. The telegraph machine lies, gathering dust, in the corner of the kitchen.

It's only three weeks since they've been marooned here and already Simon's a changed man. He's never felt so comfortable with his own body before… or someone else's for that matter. That late summer storm, which blew itself out just as quickly as it arrived, has left in its wake weather that's fresh and invigorating, although, thankfully, it's still hot enough for them to enjoy the outdoors. Simon busies himself fixing up their new home whilst Jayne does all the heavy jobs and also hunts game. However, in between all the work, they spend a lot of the time naked and have already managed to christen most parts of the farm.

When Simon finally revisits Gainsborough he can't believe the difference. Jayne's done a great job of clearing the streets and Simon's impressed at how appealing the small town looks -- on the surface at least. They burn the makeshift morgue to the ground and whilst Jayne watches over it, a hosepipe ready to douse any unwanted fires that may erupt, Simon gathers up supplies to take back home. By the time he's finished, the trailer is filled with a ton of electrical equipment and every book he can find on the subject of rewiring. Jayne's his usual teasing self, laughing hard at the determined look on Simon's face, but amusement soon turns to kisses and they end up fucking on Mayor J.T. Griffiths' bench right there in the main street.

Today, Simon's intending to finish the external work on the solar panels. They have just five drums of diesel left, enough to last them about four months, and not knowing how long or how cold the winter season will get, means that they have to be prepared for the worst. Simon refuses to consider what will happen if there's not enough sunlight to power the panels through the dark half of the year.

He's already set traps, catching a dozen or so big rats, and re-wired what needs fixing inside, but has been putting off the roof work for a while now. Positioning the rickety ladder against the wall, he checks his tool box for materials and the wiring scheme and is about to make a tentative climb up to the roof when Jayne yells at him from over by the paddock where he's fixing the fences.

"Wait now."

Simon's about to get annoyed at being treated like a girl when the big man adds, "I'll hold the ladder for you while you get up there."

Turning a half-circle, Simon rests one heel on the bottom rung and watches Jayne stroll towards him, all nut brown farmer's tan and shifting muscles, and he feels a tongue of desire unfurl inside his belly. He wants to fuck Jayne again. It's not something they do often, mostly just sucking and jerking each other to climax, but tonight he needs that big, handsome body spread out beneath him.

Jayne glances down at Simon's crotch then looks back up with a smile, a hand coming to rest on his shoulder. "You gotten the horn again, Doc?"

"Always," Simon answers and the word hitches in his throat as both pairs of pants come down and they reach for one other.

Leaning back against the ladder Simon lets Jayne go to work on him, hips pumping shamelessly as he rubs off a climax all over that big cock which, soon enough, is shooting right back at him.

Pulling his pants back up, he ignores the rivulets of semen trickling down his thighs. He likes the smell of sex all over him. The smell and the feel of Jayne.

"You certain your legs ain't too shaky to make it up to the roof?" Jayne leans in and nuzzles at his neck.

Threading his fingers into Jayne's hair Simon initiates a long drawn out kiss. "My stick legs will be fine," he says with a slow smile, remembering Jayne's words from a lifetime ago.

"Not so stick like, nor as pasty as they were." Jayne squeezes Simon's muscles appraisingly. "Good and strong now."

Simon's fairly certain that he should hate these words. If he were female and Jayne was sizing him up in this way then it would be every kind of wrong, but he's not a girl and this is far from a normal situation and here he's allowed to enjoy the approval. A new world to live in means new rules to live by.

As Simon picks up the tool box and begins to climb the ladder, Jayne rests his foot on the bottom rung and holds the side struts. "Be careful now," he says, dropping a kiss onto the exposed strip of skin just above the waistband of Simon's pants.

"I will. You get on with what you were doing. I don't think this'll be too difficult."

Once again Simon is proved wrong. It's a lot higher than he imagined it would feel and having rested the tool box in the guttering, he tentatively slithers up the roof, using one of the solar panels as a hand rail. Finding a safe place to rest, he reaches for his wiring scheme and with a screwdriver, opens up the casing.

It doesn't look complicated. Part of the cabling exposed to the elements has been eroded and all he has to do is to excise the wires and replace them. It's all going smoothly until he receives a small shock from one of the capacitors which throws him off balance and sends him skidding down the tiles, desperately scrabbling for purchase.

Flying backwards off a roof is not something Simon ever wants to repeat. With adrenaline coursing through him he manages to grab hold of the guttering and wrap one foot around the ladder.

"Jayne," he shouts. "Jayne!"

Footsteps come running at fast pace across the yard.

"Aiya, Doc! What the fuck are you doing?"

What does it look like he's doing? "Preparing to fall off this roof," explains Simon breathlessly. "You can jump in and spoil my fun anytime you want." The banter doesn't mean that he isn't terrified; it's just his way of dealing with stress. As his aching fingers begin to sweat he does a quick estimation of the injuries he's likely to receive from falling onto the flagstones below and it's not a pretty story. He can't hold on much longer. "Jayne!"

"I got you."

One strong arm leans out and grabs hold of him, hauling him in like a thrashing fish on the line and as both his feet make contact with the wooden rungs he remembers that breathing is a useful way of keeping the body alive.

"The good news is the solar panels are working," he pants.

"Fuck the power," says Jayne as he descends the ladder keeping as close to Simon as possible all the way down. "Gorramit, are you trying to get dead?"

Simon laughs shakily because for the first time in years he actually cares enough to want to live. "No. I'm trying to make certain we'll both stay alive."

"We'll be okay," says Jayne on solid ground now and waiting for Simon to take the last few steps. "We'll be okay." His lips press quickly against the back of Simon's neck.

Shivers tumble down Simon's spine and as his feet make contact with the flagstones he leans against the ladder, clinging tightly to it.

"You got good reason to be stuck to that piece of wood?" asks Jayne when minutes pass by and Simon's still hanging on to the struts.

Simon turns, resting his butt on a rung. He's feeling calmer now, more like himself. "I love this ladder," he says. "I had great sex up against it and then it saved my life."

"Could be that I had something to do with both of them things." Jayne leans in, resting his face up against Simon's neck.

"Could be."

They remain still, leeching comfort from the contact until Simon glances up at the sky and sees layers of dark clouds building to the east. Pushing Jayne gently away he turns to go back up the ladder.

"What, in the name of rutting hell, d'you think you're doing?"

"I have to fix the casing in place before it rains," Simon explains, looking around the yard for his screwdriver. Unable to see it anywhere he decides it must have rolled into the guttering.

"The fuck you do." Jayne makes a grab for the waistband of Simon's pants, but Simon's too quick and darts away from him up the ladder.

"It's not difficult. It'll take five minutes at the most," he says, trying his utmost to ignore how similar his words are when compared to the first, disastrous time he attempted this job.

There's concerned anger wafting in waves off the big man and Simon understands. It's not as if he's particularly thrilled at the idea of clambering about on the roof again, but this has to be done and he's the only one who knows what to do.

"I ain't happy 'bout this," growls Jayne and when Simon glances down he sees that the mercenary has set up camp at the base with his foot on the lowest rung and his eyes fixed upwards. "And this time I'm staying right here 'til you're done."

Simon's not going to argue. Tentatively he begins the climb; his legs are wobbly and he can feel fear welling in the pit of his stomach, but he's not about to give in. Neither River nor Jayne know the meaning of the word 'defeat' and from now on he's going to attempt to be more like them.

Just as he surmised, the screwdriver is resting in the half pipe and, reaching for it, he sprawls over the roof tiles, anchoring himself into the safest possible position before slipping the casing into place. Once the screws are tightly fixed he collects the tool box and heads back down the ladder, his head spinning from the enormity of how good it feels to achieve something useful.

"All done," he says, stepping onto the flagstones and enjoying the feel of Jayne close up against him, warm breath dampening his skin.

"Should hope so. Had enough of rescuing you. Can you at least try and stay in one piece from now on?"

*

After a good supper and a full hour spent relaxing in the tub, Simon comes down to the kitchen to find that Jayne has the telegraph machine in pieces.

Just the sight of it sends him into a blind panic. "There's no point," he says morosely, resting his butt on the edge of the table and idly flicking at one of the screws until it spins away across the surface. "As far as I've been able to find out no one uses high frequency any longer."

"Just 'cause it ain't written about in books don't mean a thing." Jayne looks up at him. "Think about some of the gorram antique parts Kaylee makes use of on Serenity."

Simon's punched in the guts by the revelation that he doesn't want to think about the Firefly ever again: that he doesn't want things to change. "No one's looking for us," he says, reaching out and tracing the line of Jayne's jaw with his finger. "As far as they're concerned we're dead." Why not let it stay that way.

"We got nothing here." Jayne stares down at the mess of wires and keys. "If you'd've fell off that roof then there ain't no one or no place to fix you up." He looks up. "I lived like that, remember? I had to look after sick kinfolk with no hospitals and doctors there to help. It weren't fun."

"But you managed," says Simon. "And you made it your home."

"And I got off that rock soonest I could. If'n I can't get this thing working then we head to Hartford and see what's to be had there."

Jayne's as stubborn as a mule when he wants to be and even though Simon knows that the telegraph machine is unlikely ever to work, he's filled with a sudden desperation to distract the man.

"Hartford is way over the other side of the mountains." Slipping to his knees he unbuckles the belt of Jayne's combat pants, unfastening the catch and sliding down the zipper.

"Doc, we gotta-"

But whatever Jayne thinks they have to do is forgotten the moment Simon begins a gentle blow job, sucking on the head of Jayne's ji ba and feeling it swell and leak against his tongue. The tables have turned again. Not so long ago it was Jayne persuading him that everything was going to be alright. Now he's the one trying to keep them here. This is a feng le situation alright, downright insane, but Simon has the chance of a lifetime spent with a man he's starting to care deeply about and he isn't about to let it go.

Fully hard now, telegraph machine long forgotten, Jayne cards the fingers of one hand through Simon's hair and masturbates with the other. "Gotta have you," he groans, promptly getting to his feet and hauling Simon over his shoulder. Holding onto his pants with one hand he stumbles out into the hallway and up the stairs.

Simon's head thumps repeatedly against the wall of the stairwell, but he doesn't care. He had intended to top Jayne tonight, but that's unlikely to happen the mood the big man's in and, to be honest, it excites Simon to see him this way. Jayne has been less than sure of himself as far as their sex has gone and Simon's partly convinced that he still feels as if he's the object of revulsion. It's not surprising, their history least likely of any couple to indicate a future as lovers, but lovers they are, good ones at that, and as he's thrown down onto the bed Simon discovers that the seed of happiness inside him is growing into something much bigger.

"Fuck," he says, struggling to get out of his clothes. "Wo yu wang ni. Ji tai yin jing nei wo."