Maggie’s Slutty Fantasies
by thesecretslut

MAGGIE'S SLUTTY FANTASIES CH. 08

Maggie starts to live out her fantasies.

Oh god, what was coming next?

I turned around and thought for a second, I could leave right now, head back to the apartment, end this before I got in even deeper. But the video would be released, with all my information and god knows what else they had now and the world would know the side of me that I've been trying to hide for years. My friends, family, teachers, everyone I know would see me naked, used and even worse begging for it. That wasn't the real problem though, if I took a moment to think about things, how I felt at this very moment, I didn't want it to end and that thought scared me a little, purposely jumping down the rabbit hole, not caring how far down it took me, body and mind.

"Are you coming in slut? Or are you making us all wait," John came out looking for me.

"Yes Sir," I headed towards the door.

"Since it took you so long to come in, you need to be punished," he scanned over my body with his eyes, making me feel nervous at how I was going to be punished.

"Lift your skirt up."

"Please can I come in, I just needed a minute to collect my thoughts."

"A slut doesn't have thoughts, other than to be used, either lift the skirt or lose it for the rest of the day."

Out of fear of losing it, I lifted my skirt up, exposing my embarrassingly dripping pussy, the aftermath of my kiss with Holly as well as everything that had happened up to this point today.

"Higher," motioning with his hand to pull it all the way up.

I lifted it exposing my pussy and ass completely, a shiver running up my body, not even knowing if anyone else could see me other than John, lowering my head in the process, unable to look at him.

"Are you enjoying yourself so far?"

I didn't know what to say, if I admitted it, I was now consenting to all of this and it wasn't because of the blackmail, if I said I wasn't, he'd probably be able to tell I was lying.

"I am," still holding my skirt up over my waist.

"Deep down, you enjoy being exposed like this don't you?"

I couldn't even bring myself to say it; I just nodded my head still looking down at the ground and my hands exposing myself.

"Turn around and do exactly as I say."

I turned around and looked up to see the college guys still across the street watching me, one with his phone out either taking pictures or recording me.

"Smile and give them a wave, then you can come back inside and make sure it's good or else I'll have you walk over there and do it closer."

Knowing he actually would make me, I lowered my right hand to my exposed thigh, letting it trail up towards my wet pussy, letting my fingers run through my slit wetting them. The feeling of my fingers touching my pussy and running over my clit caused me to close my eyes in pleasure and my mouth open into a moan. They continued moving up my skirt, up over my stomach and higher to my breasts, teasing my hard, sensitive nipples and then finally towards my mouth where I sucked my fingers clean for them to see. I opened my eyes holding back a surprised look to see them all with their phones out pointing at me.

"Hello!" I waived with a smile on my face, letting go of my skirt to let it fall back into place before I turned around to see John was gone and the door was wide open.

I quickly walked in feeling so light headed from what I had just done that I almost felt faint. My pussy was dripping from the exposure and my openly slutty behavior. I could only imagine how much more intense it could have been, if I hadn't been wearing a mask. I jumped as the door slammed shut behind me.

"Ouch!" if that didn't startle me enough the sudden slap on my ass did, as I'm only guessing John was holding the door, waiting for me to come in.

"Took you long enough Princess, did you put on a whole masturbating show for them or something?" John smirked, hand back on my butt leading me to the center of the room.

The tables were moved around, creating a circle and at the center, some kind of saddle was set up with a box underneath.

"Take a seat, time for the next task little girl," John patted my back.

I took a seat on the saddle, straddling it, like I was about to ride a horse. Ron walked up to me, first he pulled the skirt out from under me, now draping over my legs allowing my ass and pussy to directly touch the saddle. It felt weird though, rubbery almost and had a nub that was almost touching my pussy. I didn't really pay much attention when I sat down, something I feel I probably would regret soon.

"Time to get you strapped in," Ron said, smiling in front of me.

Straps on the saddles base were wrapped around my thighs, as they were tightened, it caused me to move forward making the nub on the saddle slowly move between the lips of my pussy, and press against my clit. I tried to move but all that did was cause it to rub up against me even more. My arms were brought behind my back and my legs were bent at the knee causing all of my weight to be put on my ass and pussy as cuffs were placed on my ankles and connected to my wrists behind my back.

"Mmmmm," the saddle started to vibrate, teasing my pussy, stimulating my clit, it felt amazing.

"Time for the next task!" John announced, "our Princess here has to be able to withstand 5 minutes on the sybian, without having an orgasm and to make it fair, we have a 10 sided die to control the speed and we will roll it every 30 seconds."

"This, mmm, isn't so, oh, bad," believing that 5 minutes was no time at all and that it usually took me a while to have an orgasm.

Laughter broke out in the crowd for those that heard my comment.

"That's just the motor," Ron said, "we haven't even set it to level 1 yet."

My eyes went wide thinking the machine hadn't even started yet and I was already moaning from the vibrations. Was it going to be that powerful or was I just that sensitive... or worse both. I was now worried, not sure if I could handle 10 seconds let alone 5 minutes and dreaded what the punishment was going to be. Ron kneeled down next to me, a small box with knobs in his hand attached to some pretty thick wires connected to the saddle.

"Let's give her a quick preview Ron of what the sybian can do," John patting him on the shoulder.

"Oh god," the sybian came to life underneath me.

"That's level one, should we let her experience all of the settings?" Ron announced.

"Nah, let's keep those a surprise for the Princess," John chuckled.

The sybian was turned back down off of...level 1 and my body felt like it relaxed all at once, if it wasn't for the straps bounding me, I feel like I would have just slumped over and fallen to the floor.

"So who wants to start things off?" John held up the die.

Hands went up, but one man confidently walked forward. It was Benjamin; it was hard to mistake that confidence and clothes. Ron handed him the die as he walked up to me.

"Blow on them for luck little slut?" he leaned in close, his hand in front of my face holding the 10 sided die.

I tried blowing on them, but as I did, he "accidentally" dropped the die, landing on my skirt. His hand made its way down to retrieve them as I felt his breath on my ear.

"That won't be the only thing you'll be blowing tonight, hopefully," he whispered as I felt the back of his hand press between my legs.

He walked away and I heard a die roll on a table close by, "set the controls to 3!" John yelled out to the crowd, resulting in a bunch of unsatisfied noises.

"Oh my god!" the sybian came to life, stronger than anything I had ever felt in my life, "mmmm, wow, mmmm, oh god."

I could already feel myself getting close, but did everything I could to hold it back, I wondered if this is what it felt like for men when they had to hold back from cumming.

The dice rolled again, "6!"

The sybian got even faster, more intense, I could feel the vibrations go from my wet cunt all the way into my ass. I tried desperately to get away from the vibrations, but I was bound too tightly to it.

"Fuck!" I screamed, the first time I had cursed ever in that store.

"That's no language for a Princess," John scolded me, making the crowd break out into laughter again.

Pure pleasure was assaulting my lower body and I didn't know how much longer I could last. Another roll of the die, any higher and I wouldn't make it.

"1!" I thanked whatever guardian angel was watching over me as the speed of the sybian dropped.

I was still on the edge, holding off with all my will, but it got easier after handling level 6 of the sybian. I tried to control my breathing, think of anything to take my mind off of the feeling in my pussy, Pokémon, cramps when I used to run, my old neighbor that lived next to me back in Florida. I must have been soaking wet because you could almost make out sloshing under my skirt, which sent a wave of embarrassment over me, making my face redder than it already was.

"I don't think she's going to make it! Sure she hasn't cum already! I bet she can handle max power!" people yelled out from the audience.

I felt a body behind me and an arm wrap around my torso as someone's hand slipped into my blouse and start to fondle my breasts, "don't listen to them, you're doing just fine," it was Holly whispering into my ear, then nibbling on it. With her full mask I was unsure how I was able to feel her mouth.

"I'm getting close!" I announced remembering the rules.

"Nuh uh Princess, you still have 3 minutes," John said rolling the die again, "very lucky Princess, another 1."

It may as well have been a 10 the way Holly was manipulating my nipples and teasing my ear.

"You love this, don't you?" she whispered into my ear.

"I, mmm, do, uh, mmm, yes, I do."

"What does that make you?" she spoke quietly, her voice making my whole body tingle.

"A slut," I said quietly, embarrassed to say it louder.

"I don't think they heard you." She said as her fingers pinched my left nipple causing a surge of pain.

"A slut!" I answered louder, embarrassed.

The intensity of the sybian grew, I had no idea what number was called, I was half way there and it felt like I was going to make it if it wasn't for Holly's teasing. I didn't know what was giving me more pleasure, the sybian or her.

"What do you want right now?"

"You, mmm, ah, I want, mmmm, you," the words flowing out of my mouth without thought and all of them were true.

She moved from behind me to in front of me, and I noticed she dawned a mask a lot like the one I was wearing. She hiked up her dress and straddled the sybian facing me. One hand grabbed my hip, while the other made it's way through my hair to the back of my head drawing me in to a passionate kiss.

"Yeah!" the audience cheered like someone had just scored a touchdown.

The sybian went into overdrive, my legs, pussy, ass; my whole body felt like it was suddenly vibrating as the motor roared underneath us.

"Mmph!" I began moaning uncontrollably into Holly's mouth as she began to moan into mine.

Holly's hand reached down pulling my skirt up and I could feel her start to grind her pussy into me, obviously feeling the power of the sybian as well. Her kisses becoming even more passionate, her tongue entering my mouth, her fingers back digging into my hip, I was melting again.

Her hand grabbed a hold of my hair tightly and pulled hard, the pain causing even more pleasure. Her lips left mine making their way down the side of my face to my neck with a trail of kisses and licks. I could feel her trying to muffle her moans and screams on the side of my neck causing a sensation I had never felt before.

I didn't even notice that John was standing over us, smirking, phone in hand either taking pictures or video, I wasn't sure and I didn't care. I was holding on by a thread and that thread was starting to unravel fast.

"Please, god, please, Sir, can I cum, mmm, please, please, I can't hold back much longer!" yelling, begging, feeling my hold slipping away.

John snaked his hand between us, I felt it make it's way all the way down between our grinding pelvises and the back of his hairy hand on my pussy.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! God!" Holly was screaming into my neck as her arms wrapped around me and squeezed me so tightly I thought she was going to break me in two, but then loosened as her body suddenly went limp on me.

I then felt his hand turn around and his finger slip past my clit and just barely an inch inside me, the vibrations of the sybian running through his finger into my pussy.

"I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm," I was so close, I couldn't hold back anymore, I was falling head first into a massive orgasm.

John pulled his finger out and with my mouth open repeating over and over that I'm going to...something, he shoved his finger into my mouth, coated with both Holly and my juices. I sucked on his finger greedily, as my eyes practically rolled back into my head and I started cumming.

"Mm, cmmming, mm, cmmming, cmming!" I tried my best to say I was cumming with a fat pussy coated finger in my mouth, but it just sounded like loud moaning.

The vibrations suddenly stopped as the finger was pulled out of my mouth with a shockingly loud pop, I was sucking on it pretty hard. Even with the sybian off I still felt like I was vibrating all over and my orgasm was slowly, very slowly working it's way down. My back was still arched, all of my muscles still tense from the orgasm and I think even the lips of my pussy and assholes were still convulsing.

I had no idea how much time had passed before I regained some concept of what was going on around me, like waking up out of a dream and realizing you were actually in bed. I looked down to my shoulder to see Holly slowly coming to as well.

"That was really nice," Holly said looking up at me, giving me a soft kiss on the lips and smiling like we had just had our first date.

She tried to get off of the sybian, slipping backwards off of the front, but her legs were obviously so weak she nearly collapsed forward having to hold onto the sybian for support. Her dress was still hiked up high enough for people around to see the incredibly sexy pair of red lace panties she was wearing. Without even thinking I involuntarily licked my lips as I looked at them, thinking of all the possibilities.

"Four minutes, forty eight seconds," John announced to the crowd causing a big awe for everyone, "only needed 12 more seconds, you were so close, and no one here actually believed you were going to make it the full 5 minutes. You really surprised us all Princess."

I looked up worried and slightly angry, I wanted to say how unfair it was that Holly came to stimulate me and John started fingering me, but I had a feeling that any argument I made would have fallen on deaf ears, so I just waited for the punishment. I took the moment to regain what little composure I had and prepare myself for what was coming next.

While John paced back and forth looking like he was hard at thought, trying to figure out what my punishment was going to be, Ron was busy undoing the restraints around my arms and legs. My body felt so spent that Ron had helped me lay down next to the sybian on the floor, I closed my eyes for a little bit, the last thing I remember seeing before I did was John's shoes in front of me.

Although I was lying on the carpet floor, it felt comfortable, much more comfortable than how I had just been restrained. I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew I was dreaming that I was back home at the local grocery store. The weird thing though was as I was walking around, it felt like everyone was staring at me. Some people looking at their phones then pointing at me, I felt very exposed. I ran into one of my friends from high school, Carlos, who looked like he was working there now.

"Hey! I liked your video, I had no idea you were like that, and it was really hot." He said in a tone I never heard from him before, kind of, well, sexual, lustful, a way that none of my guy friends had ever talked to me in the past because I was just one of the guys.

"What do you mean, what video?" Honestly confused at what he had said.

"It's all around town, everyone knows about it, some people think it's bad, but I think it's awesome, here let me show you."

He pulled out his phone and there was a video of me in the middle of a bunch of guys, completely naked as they all took their turns fucking me in every hole, I was being gangbanged.

"How did you, I need to go," I said upset as I walked to the front of the store trying to run away from my shame.

The stares of the people now apparent as to why, and just as I was leaving the store someone called out to me.

"Ms! Excuse me Ms! You forgot something!"

I had just gotten outside and turned around to see who was calling out.

"You forgot your clothes!"

I confusingly looked down to see I was completely naked, a trail of clothes behind me. I looked around to see everyone staring at me, as their attention was drawn to me by the guy yelling out that I had forgotten my clothes and I turned around to run but ran head first into my 12th grade math teacher causing me to fall on my ass, I looked up to se him looking at me in shock.

"No..." I woke up startled, looking around forgetting where I was for a second.

"Our Princess is finally awake, we thought we would let you rest a little since you had two tasks and one intense orgasm," John said looking down at me smiling.

"How long was I out for?" still groggy from the sybian and the sudden awakening.

"Oh, only about 45 minutes, which is ok because it gave everyone some time to think about a proper punishment for not finishing the last task. What are some ideas everyone?"

People started yelling out ideas one by one.

"Lose the mask!"

"Maybe later," John announced.

"Have her call someone on her phone."

"We've already done that...twice"

"Make her drink a cup of piss! Lose some clothes! Get us some food next-door I'm hungry! Take a selfie and put it on Facebook! Facetime someone while we toy with her slutty little body!" the ideas kept coming and coming, some arousing and some scary and some both.

"Should she be masturbating or something!" someone yelled out.

"Princess, go sit on the counter and make yourself useful," he commanded while helping me to my feet and giving me a little shove over to the direction of the counter.

I sat up on the counter spreading my legs and pulling my skirt up, some people began to watch, while others still discussed possible punishments. I saw Benjamin standing in the front of the crowd watching me, his eyes staring at me intently, leaning up against a table, legs crossed, like something out of a clothing magazine. I didn't know what came over me, still looking at him intently, I started to unbutton my blouse slowly. I knew the rules, but for some reason I couldn't help myself. I could almost sense him smiling at me as I removed my blouse and laid it next to me on the counter.

I looked directly into Benjamin's eyes as I undid the clasp on the skirt and pulled the zipper down. I raised my ass pulling it down from my waist, from under my ass and when it finally got low enough, I let it fall down to the floor as I sat there naked for him to see. At that moment it felt like we were the only two people in the room and I think he felt it too as he walked up to me.

"Our little Princess decided to get naked it seems, why is that?" he said with a smugness that I'd already grown accustom to.

"I... honestly don't know, the look in your eyes just demanded I strip," the shyness and confusion now apparent in my voice.

"I don't hear moans of slutty pleasure over there!" I heard John from the other side of the room.

Not wanting to get in trouble I began rubbing my clit, still giving Benjamin my undivided attention. I never thought I would ever picture myself casually masturbating while talking to someone, until today. I looked down for a second, an obvious hard on forming in his pants, which made me feel so incredibly sexy sitting there in front of him. I wanted it so badly, I wanted to see it, touch it, taste it, have it inside of me and feel it's release.

"Mmmm," moaning at my own stimulation while thinking of the possibilities of his cock, I could feel myself growing very wet again.

"What are you thinking about little girl?" John's question bringing me back to reality.

"Your cock," I answered without thinking still staring at it through his pants.

"That was very honest and straight forward, are you always so blunt Princess?"

"Only when I, mmm, get this turned on it seems," my fingers still rubbing my clit, my eyes locked on his cock and licking my lips, "I can't help it for some reason."

"That can be kind of dangerous for you, can't it?" he asked with curiosity rather than concern.

"The danger, mmm, turns me, mmmm, on so much, the exposure of it," my arousal spiking as I plunged two fingers into my pussy, shaking from how turned on I was.

"So you'll really answer anything I ask?" the words spoken with a slight sadistic tone behind them.

"Anything," my other hand began to play with my tits, circling my nipples as I bit my lip trying to look seductive.

"Let's put that to the test shall we, what do you want right now?"

"Your cock, fucking me, right here, right now."

"So what's stopping you little girl?" he said as he moved closer between my legs.

Like I was some kind of expert, I reached out pulled down his zipper, slipped my hand into his pants and found the treasure I had been waiting for and pulled it out in all of it's glory. It was perfect, just like the rest of him, long, cut, 8 maybe 9 inches and thick, it almost felt, god like. I pulled it towards my waiting hole, but he teased me only inching forward slowly towards the promise land.

"Please, I want it so badly." Talking like a bitch in heat.

He inched forward again the tip of his cock at the entrance of my hot, wet hole, teasing it.

"What a little cock slut, how old were you when you had your first?"

"18, it was just yesterday actually..."

"Just popped your cherry and already craving it so badly, who was your first? Do you have a boyfriend waiting for you at home?"

"It was my brother-in-law." I knew I probably shouldn't have said that.

He inched his cock into me, it was so hard and thick, and the slow entrance was driving me crazy.

"Your brother-in-law, that's just wrong in so many ways, what a dirty little slut."

"Oh you have no idea." The urge to tell him more, to spill all of my dirty little secrets was intoxicating.

He inched into me slowly, "tell me more little girl."

It felt like he was trying to pick a lock in my brain with his penis and it was working.

"I masturbate sometimes in front of my window at home, completely naked."

"Why do you do that?" he was almost half way in, not batting an eyelash, or a single break in his voice.

"I want to be seen, I want to be caught, I want the world to know what I am."

"What's that little girl? What are you?"

He knew exactly what he was doing to me, when I took to long to answer he would start pulling his cock from me, leaving me feeling empty as he withdrew it from me.

"That I'm a dirty, cum craving slut, that yearns to be degraded and humiliated in public, exposed to the world," every word feeling like it was earning me every inch of his cock, until he was almost completely inside me.

He leaned in close, hands on my ass, whispering into my ear, "what is your real name?"

"My name is," he started withdrawing his cock from me again, faster this time till almost just the head of his cock was inside me and stopped, "Maggie," he didn't move this time my pussy gripping on the head not wanting it to leave, "Hill!" I almost yelled out too loud as he suddenly thrust his cock back into me.

"Oh my, oh my, what is going on here," John said walking up to the counter.

"Oh John, the Princess and I were just having a little conversation waiting for you," Benjamin answered him; his cock still inside me like it was perfectly normal.

"Well, we figured out which punishment we wanted to administer, but we didn't think you'd be naked, I'm a little shocked you are actually, but the customer is always right," John sounding as nonchalant as Benjamin about the whole thing.

John had my phone in hand, making me nervous about what was going to happen next. Was he going to make me call someone, like my sister again, or my parents or someone completely random on my contact list and what would they be doing to me while I was on the phone. I didn't realize all the dirty thoughts and arousal were coming from the slow, torturing pace Benjamin took sawing his cock in and out of me.

"You have to take a selfie and put it on your Facebook," John said while handing me the phone.

I went into Facebook and hit the camera button under status; it immediately showed a cock entering my pussy and I nearly had a heart attack thinking what would happen if I accidentally posted that. I switched it to selfie, which didn't make it any better seeing me topless, and the look of lust in my face I didn't know was there before. John's pace began to pick up making it harder to stay still and keep a straight face while trying to take the picture.

"Come on Princess, either take the pic or I'm going to take the pic," John growing more impatient by the minute.

"Please, mmm, Sir, I just need a second, mmm, I can't hold it still, ah, long enough to, mmm, take a good, oh god, pic," I couldn't keep my sentences straight let alone the camera.

Benjamin took the camera from my hand, took a picture of me and handed it over to John. His fucking me now feeling like a jackhammer on steroids.

"That'll do, it's perfect," a smile on John's face that made me scared.

You can't post nudity on Facebook or else it'll get taken down and my account reported and he needed that, so my wonder was quickly satisfied as John turned around the phone to show me.

"It looks amazing," I said quickly, really not caring, more caring about the amazing fucking I was getting by a cock I could only dream of.

It was hard to see clearly anyways being fucked so hard, but I could make out my shoulders and head and if you didn't know any better I was just giving an awkward smile, like I usually do in photos. I guess it wasn't so bad, I could explain the mask by saying I found it at a costume shop and took a picture.

"Mmm, you are amazing Sir, your cock is amazing, please you are going to make me cum," words being pumped out of my mouth through my cunt, "please, please fill me with your cum Sir."

"Stand up now," Benjamin commanded pulling out of me.

I stood up, but wasn't standing for long as he made his way behind me, picked me up with my back on his chest, his strong arms locked around my knees forcing my legs to spread wide apart exposing me to the audience that I had forgotten completely about. Everything was out in the open, more than it had ever been before, my legs were spread so wide, my pussy was gaping open, my asshole was on display as well and I couldn't do anything about it.

"Maggie says she wants to be humiliated," Benjamin announced as I felt his cock enter me again, "degraded," he lowered me, his cock going in deeper, "exposed to the world, so everyone, please take out your phones and take some pictures," his cock so deep inside of me driving me wild.

I didn't care anymore, I didn't care everyone was watching me, seeing every inch of me as I got fucked like a total slut in front of them.

"Yes, take all the pictures you want of this little slut, his cock feels so amazing, you have no idea. I love it! I love it all!" I said moaning.

I was posing as they took pictures, smiling and putting up peace signs like some kind of hustler model, showing how much fun I was having. The braver ones even took selfies with me as I was getting fucked, grabbing a breasts or kissing me, some even went as far as to rub my clit.

"Yes! More, I want it all, I want more, you're going to make me cum!"

Looking down I realized I was never taking the full length of Benjamin's cock, he still had a few inches to go. He stopped thrusting into me and just started pushing me down trying to shove it all inside of me and I didn't care if he broke me in two, I wanted it.

"I didn't know it was so big, I don't think I can take all of it inside me, he might break me in two!"

He pushed me down harder as his cock went in deeper and deeper till it actually started to hurt, but the pain was turning me on even more. Every inch feeling like a foot of cock was being shoved inside of me. It was almost all the way in; it almost felt like he was banging against my womb. My eyes were rolling into the back of my head again, my tongue was out practically drooling and I was being consumed by my lust.

"Please shoot your cum in me Sir," was the last thing I said before I felt the last of his cock enter me and start shooting his load deep inside of me, so warm, so dirty.

"I'm cumming!" I moaned loudly having an orgasm that only rivaled the sybian orgasm I just had.

He pulled out of me with a pop as his cum and my juices started to leak out of me, people coming closer to get more pictures and video, my face turning bright red with embarrassment. He lowered me onto my knees on the carpet, looking down at me still leaking his cum.

"Princess, will you clean our guest now?" John asked nonchalantly.

With all my strength I got up as high as I could on my knees and put his cock into my mouth, it was so long and thick I could only get a few inches.

"What a worthless slut, can't even clean a cock right," Benjamin said disappointedly, "relax your throat and try to yawn and let me do the rest."

I tried my best to follow his instructions as he grabbed my head and forcefully pulled it towards him. His cock moving into my mouth, down my throat nearly making me gag at its girth, burning as it penetrated me. I tried my best to breathe through my nose, but I wasn't getting nearly enough air, my lungs felt like they were on fire and I was starting to worry that I was going to suffocate.

"There you go, what a good little slut," Benjamin announced and behind me everyone applauded as I took his entire cock down my throat.

Along with the fear of suffocating to death, I also felt a strange sense of pride that I was able to take the whole thing. He pulled out and I was finally able to breathe again, gasping and coughing for breath. The taste of my juices and his cum lingering on my tongue once I was able to get past the need for air. I was able to sit up, leaning against the counter, legs still splayed out, cum leaking out of pussy, hands at my sides making no effort to cover myself.

I looked up to see John still on my phone, had he been on it this whole time, what was he doing with it? He saw me looking and he gave me a devilish smile like he was scheming something. Well, there was nothing I could do about it or did I not want to do anything about it, the thought confused me.

John walked up next to me trying to get everyone's attention.

"Ok everyone, time for the next task, and since it's almost noon, I guess it's time for lunch, who is ready for some food, we're getting some take out delivered."

I didn't realize it, but I was starting to get a little hungry.
