A fortnight passed before their third clandestine escapade, though not without incident. Merlin, unabashed by their tryst in the stables, had developed the nasty habit of standing too close for too long without touching Arthur unless necessary; born competitive and bred to be a champion, Arthur had readily taken up Merlin’s metaphorical--sexual--gauntlet.

The first week, Merlin challenged Arthur’s tolerance for teasing solely with his hands. Whether he was putting Arthur’s armor on or taking Arthur’s clothes off, Merlin moved deft fingers deliberately slow and feather-light, always leaving Arthur torn between closing his eyes to enjoy the ghostly touches or watching Merlin’s hands on him to ensure they were really there. Uncharacteristically, he would never bully Merlin to hurry the hell up since he had better things to do.

One morning, while peeling another sweaty tunic off of Arthur, Merlin took advantage of the fabric still shielding Arthur’s face and briefly brushed a nipple with the tips of his fingers, the touch bold and certain. Arthur groaned involuntarily, but when his head was finally freed from the tunic and he’d shot Merlin a pleading glare, Merlin merely looked on impassively--innocently, even--save for the triumphant glint in his eyes. Conceding Merlin’s victory, Arthur snatched the tunic from Merlin’s hands and sent him away. Merlin left obediently, but not before Arthur glimpsed the smirk on his manservant’s lips. He spent the rest of the afternoon never once summoning Merlin; that night, he locked the door to his chambers.

The following day found them in the same situation. Merlin had removed Arthur’s armor and was reaching for the hem of Arthur’s tunic when Arthur locked both of Merlin’s bony wrists in just one of his hands.

“That’s all for today, Merlin.”

Merlin glanced down at their hands; his fingers were already losing sensation in Arthur’s vice-like grip. He cocked his head questioningly.

“So, am I free to go?”

In answer, Arthur relented his hold on Merlin’s wrists and pulled out the chair at his table, sweeping an arm in offering. Merlin blinked dumbly at the gesture, and Arthur heaved a put-upon sigh.

“Sit.”

Merlin returned the sigh before obeying. But Arthur gave him little time to relish in the feel of the sleek furs draping the chair before he approached Merlin, nudging his knobbly knees apart to stand between them. The breath that hitched in Merlin’s throat may have gone unnoticed by Arthur, but there was no missing his gasp when Arthur thumbed the hem of his tunic to unveil millimetre by glorious millimetre of taut, sun-browned skin.

“You see, Merlin,” Arthur drawled in explanation, “I wanted to know for myself why you’ve enjoyed removing my clothes with the speed of an arthritic mare as of late.”

When he’d hiked the tunic to his waist, he held the fabric there with his right hand and trailed the fingers of his left along the sprinkling of hair leading down from his navel. Seeing Merlin’s gaze rapt and following his trekking fingers, Arthur progressed lower until he was palming his half-erect cock through his breeches.

“As Crown Prince,” he continued, “I do have places to be, duties to fulfill, though never the liberty of taking my time. But, I see now why I‘ve allowed you delight in this.”

To prove his point, Arthur drew the tunic farther up his body so it was gathered at his collarbone and dragged his hand from its lazy stroking of his cock, digging his nails into the skin of his chest. Arthur crowed inwardly, spotting Merlin’s fisted hands twitch on their perches on either knee and his eyes trained on the faintly pink, raised welts Arthur had laced across his own abdomen. Arthur circled one of his nipples with a fingertip, and he felt Merlin’s knees quake against his calves. Merlin’s breath, hot and ragged, was harsh on Arthur’s already sensitized skin.

The tip of Merlin’s tongue peeked out to wet a corner of his mouth, and Arthur was struck with a brainwave: he rested two fingertips on Merlin’s bottom lip.

“Lick.”

Miraculously, Merlin didn’t need telling twice; a greater miracle still, he took the initiative of doing more than licking the proffered digits, parting his lips and--after an obligatory slide of his tongue along the length of both fingers--drawing them into his mouth with a delirium-inducing suction. His fingers acting like a conductor, Arthur felt Merlin’s resulting moan spike through his arm and the rest of his body, so it became impossible to discern when Merlin’s moan ended and Arthur’s began.

Arthur, now completely hard and needy, feasted on the sight of Merlin peering up at him through his lashes, of Merlin’s lips gliding over his fingers, of Merlin unashamedly stroking the bulge in his own breeches. Reluctantly, Arthur yanked his fingers from their slow devouring--though he barely contained a guttural moan when the action dragged Merlin’s top teeth on the back of his knuckles--and took two wobbled steps away from his for-once compliant manservant.

“Good,” he rasped. “That‘s--really all--for today.”

Merlin blinked dumbly at him again, and it took Arthur every ounce of conditioned discipline not to shove his fingers between Merlin’s still-parted, spit-slick lips again. Before he could give in to the temptation, Arthur turned on his heel, shedding his tunic as he strode awkwardly--due to his painfully erect state--to hide behind his privacy screen.

“And Merlin, close the door on your way out.”

Their new post-knights-training routine of Arthur undressing for a submissively seated Merlin, then having Merlin suck on his fingers, carried on for the remainder of the week, Arthur always resisting the urge to ravage that sinfully talented mouth, Merlin always having his hands batted away when he tried to touch Arthur. Still, they’d stepped up to wanking (themselves), Merlin sucking on three or four fingers now. But, as retribution for Merlin’s teasing the week prior, Arthur would pull back and walk away whenever he sensed Merlin was reaching his peak and dismissed him, even at the price of fiercely beating himself off moments after Merlin had shut the door.

Finally, it seemed Arthur had worn Merlin’s patience too thin: one day, Merlin denied Arthur’s fingers entry, no matter how insistently they nudged at the firmly drawn line of his lips. Arthur was about to give it up as a lost cause when Merlin betrayed the silently established rules and lifted his hands from their assigned spot on his knees to grip Arthur’s hips. Arthur raised an eyebrow in question, but mutely yielded to the gentle pull of Merlin’s hands. Merlin met him halfway, scooting forward to the edge of the chair until Arthur was nestled between his thighs. Arthur’s mouth dried, trying to predict Merlin’s next move; Merlin’s pretty, delectable mouth stretched into a knowing smile.

“You‘ve punished me for long enough, don‘t you think, Arthur?” Merlin murmured, his breath hot and damp and thrilling on Arthur’s exposed abdomen. “You‘ve been punishing yourself, as well, I‘d say.”

Arthur only groaned in reply, a groan that morphed mid-way into a hiss when Merlin slipped just the tips of his fingers into the waistband of his breeches and half-heartedly added weight without actually budging them down Arthur‘s hips.

“I‘ll take that as a ‘Yes, Merlin, you god, get on with it,’ My Lord?” Merlin huffed, amusedly.

Arthur groaned again from the wafting of Merlin’s taunt across his confined erection. But even if saying ‘Yes, Merlin, you god, get on with it’ would prompt his manservant to get the fuck on with it, Arthur refused to submit. So he jerked his hips forward, his hard-on brushing Merlin’s jaw. Merlin absently hummed in agreement before shucking Arthur out of his breeches in one nearly-fluid motion, save for the garment catching uncomfortably on Arthur’s cock. The prince barely stifled a yelp.

“Couldn’t give a man some warning, could you, Merlin?”

In what could be interpreted as an apology, Merlin rubbed his cheek against the unbelievably hot shaft of Arthur‘s cock, pressing his nose to the dense, dark-gold hair at its root and inhaling deeply, dragging his nails across the tender flesh of Arthur‘s inner thighs.

“I thought you with your warrior instincts would be able to anticipate,” Merlin sniggered, then added a wry, “Sire.”

Merlin forestalled what was sure to be a clever (though, more likely than not, angry and immature and rubbish) argument on the prince’s part, choosing the same exact moment that Arthur opened his mouth to make said argument, to wrap his lips around the swollen, precome-leaking head of Arthur’s cock.

Feeling Merlin moan around his fingers was one thing; feeling Merlin moan around the head of his cock was something entirely different--brilliant--fucking fantastic--and Arthur expressed his approval with a deep-bellied growl. His hands immediately scrabbled at Merlin’s shoulders, Merlin’s muscles quivering beneath his bruising grip, desperate to redirect his focus from the nagging, writhing need in his gut and gain some semblance of control.

Merlin remained motionless, hands still caging Arthur’s hips, lips still just barely covering the crown of the smooth head, and permitted Arthur several shaky breaths before experimentally swirling his tongue. There was that exhilarating--fucking fantastic--phenomenon again, the doubled intensity of feeling and hearing and sharing the same moan. Arthur surrendered and concentrated solely on their point of contact, Merlin’s gorgeous mouth--is on my fucking cock; Arthur’s gorgeous cock--is in my fucking mouth, and he needed more, Merlin’s mind drowned in the taste of Arthur.

And if it wasn’t enough that their thoughts and bodies and moans were connected, they locked gazes--Merlin’s up through long lashes, Arthur’s down beneath heavy eyelids--and acted on the same impulse, Merlin hollowing his cheeks and--Arthur arching and--slow, slow--Merlin’s lips stretching around--Arthur easing his hips--fucking slowly--until Arthur felt himself brush the soft palate at the back of Merlin’s throat--until Merlin had to squeeze his eyes shut to fight the urge to gag, had to remind himself to breathe through his nose, had to still Arthur by digging his thumbs into Arthur’s hips.

Arthur’s cock, hot and heavy and pulsing on his tongue, slid back and out, and, though it brought him some relief, Merlin snapped his eyes open to glare up at the prince, feeling ridiculously disappointed and desperately hungry. Still, Merlin followed the motion, pulling back and going cross-eyed to curiously watch each inch reappear, dark with arousal and shining with spit. When it was only the head between his lips, he smirked around it, gave another swirl of his tongue, before taking as much of it back into his mouth, welcoming the invading feeling, and completely forgoing any notions of teasing or taking his time.

After a dozen, fully devouring passes with his mouth, each time quicker-wetter-louder, Merlin smugly suspected that Arthur was teetering dangerously close, judging by the frenetic nature of Arthur’s hands--constantly moving from Merlin’s hair to his shoulders, his neck, his upper arms--and his inability to say Merlin’s name without an interrupting gasp or groaned ‘fuck, yes, like that.’

Merlin had to admit the prince was remarkably restrained, never once forcing himself too far down Merlin’s throat or trying to dictate the pace. Maybe another time, if there came another time, Merlin would try to crack Arthur’s self-control; but this time, Merlin was grateful for it and allowed himself the selfishness to release one of Arthur’s hips, frantically reaching into his own breeches to stroke his neglected prick in time with the sucking of Arthur’s.

Vaguely noting the change, Arthur glanced blearily down at the erotic display of Merlin, his manservant, expertly handling both of their cocks--his red-raw lips gliding over Arthur’s so eagerly, spit and precome were dribbling from a corner of his mouth--his pale and long-fingered hand fisting his own, just barely freed from his breeches, at a punishing speed. As if he knew Arthur was watching, Merlin leered up at him, eyes dark and smoldering, and Arthur had half a mind to gasp ‘Oh, fuck, Merlin, I’m--’ and to shove urgently at both Merlin’s shoulders in warning, but Merlin only grunted and moved his hold on Arthur’s hip to Arthur’s arsecheek and squeezing, his demand unspoken but nonetheless understood: Stay.

And like that, Arthur was coming, head thrown back, mouth opened in a voiceless shout, senses frazzled. Arthur’s come--slippery, salty, sweet--flooded Merlin’s mouth, thick and hot, and it didn‘t occur to him to not swallow it down ravenously, and Merlin came then, head swimming with the almost-overwhelming, heady taste, fingers slicked with his own come, and taking extra care to not bite Arthur’s cock but to milk it, slower, gentler, for everything the prince had to offer.

When both his and Arthur’s pricks were finally spent and losing their tumescence, Merlin drew back and rubbed his jaw, chin and mouth across his sleeved forearm. Arthur muttered an exhausted but distinctly satisfied ‘fuck’ before withering bonelessly to his knees, propping his elbows on Merlin’s thighs. Merlin favored the panting, glassy-eyed prince with a half-concerned, half-indulgent raise of an eyebrow, to which Arthur responded with a hoarse chuckle.

Merlin grimaced, unsticking his hand from his flaccid prick, and was about to wipe it on his tunic--for lack of anywhere else to do so--but found his wrist in the familiar grip of Arthur’s hand. Arthur tugged Merlin’s hand toward him, eyes slightly more focused now as they inspected the come-smeared digits and palm, before ducking his head and licking a tentative stripe from Merlin’s wrist to the tip of his thumb. Merlin couldn’t help his strangled mewls as Arthur diligently scoured every surface of Merlin’s hand with a hot, deft tongue.

After an eternity contained within what was really the span of several minutes, Arthur examined Merlin’s hand, nodding at his job well-done. Merlin laughed at the childishness of the prince’s actions, but Arthur just smiled crookedly, lacing their fingers together and raising his other hand to card through Merlin’s dark, sweaty curls. Applying pressure to the base of Merlin’s skull with his fingertips, Arthur willed him closer.

Neither knew how or when kissing had become so natural, any inkling of timidity long forgotten, as their mouths met, already open and expectant, faces already angled. They licked into each other’s mouths, breathed each other in, sighing and moaning as they tasted themselves, each other in their joined mouths. They stayed like that for another few, infinitely long minutes, tongues working and jostling, until Merlin pulled back reluctantly, lips so swollen Arthur doubted they’d ever go back to normal--not that he’d mind, since it would be his doing--, his eyes darting to the door of Arthur’s chambers.

“What is it, Merlin?”

‘It’ turned out to be an attendant knocking on the other side of the heavy wooden door, announcing,

“--your presence, Sire.”

Arthur groaned his annoyance and scrubbed his eyes with the heel of his hand.

“Who needs to see me?” he shouted impatiently.

The answer was immediate, fearful: “The King, Sire.”

“Yes, of course,” Arthur shouted, still impatient, and somewhat weary now. “Inform my father that I‘m coming.”

But the attendant’s ‘Yes, Your Highness’ was overridden by a loud snort from Merlin, and Arthur whipped his head back to his manservant, sneer set.

“What now, Merlin?”

Merlin’s eyes, over-bright and mischievous, raked over Arthur’s debauched appearance before he quipped,

“’Coming,’ are you, Your Highness?”

Arthur shook his head in disbelief at Merlin’s cheek but couldn’t bring himself to force back another crooked grin. He planted a final kiss--chaste and lingering--to the back of Merlin’s knuckles, their hands still clasped and collecting warmth, answering with a,

“Yes, Merlin. You‘d know all about that.”