"One more week, Jerry. In another week I'll be your wife, and I'll submit to you whenever you want me. But you've got to hold off until then."

"Oh God, Jessica! I don't know if I can take it!"

"You've got to, Jerry. If you want me to submit to your cock, if you want me to take it whenever and however you want it, you have to show me that you can keep from ejaculating for another week."

Jessica's pussy was tingling and creaming with arousal. She liked the rush of power from telling her future husband that he had to control himself until the wedding night - along with her being a subtle and relentless cock tease.

Jerry panted. "I feel like I could cum if you just touched it. I need to cum, Jessica!"

She giggled. "No, sweetheart, you don't need to cum. You just want to cum. You want to do now what you're not supposed to do until we're married! Try not to think about it. Now kiss me and say that you'll control yourself. Oh, and I'll know if you give in before you're supposed to."

He groaned as their lips met for tender kisses. "Okay, Jessica, I'll do it. I'll control myself. Oh God, it's hard."

"I know, honey, but it'll be worth it. You want to fuck me 'till my head spins on our wedding night, don't you?"

"Yes. Yes, Jessica!" he sighed.

"You want me to surrender to you in any position you want, don't you?"

"Oh God, Jessica!"

She giggled. "I'd better go home now. Remember, no ejaculating before the wedding night!" She kissed him again and was on her way.

She pulled into a driveway. Ned was waiting and got into her car. Then she drove to her place, and they both went to her room.

"Oh God, I'm so hot!" she panted. "He's in such a state, he almost spurted in his pants! Get your clothes off!"

They hurriedly undressed, and she pulled him on top of her. His engorged member easily slid inside her. "Oh, you ARE hot!" he exclaimed. "You always did get aroused from teasing!"

Jessica giggled. "I got him to agree to hold off until the wedding night. It's already been ten days since I gave him a hand job. He'll have blue balls by then!"

As much self control as Ned had, Jessica was always a challenge to his well practiced training. She loved intercourse with him, because he almost always held back from ejaculating until she was ready. There was another reason she liked his throbbing cock inside her.

They fucked vigorously in different positions while she moaned and told Ned how much she loved his cock inside her.

"Jessica -"

"Not yet, Ned. A few more minutes, okay?"

Ned did his best to hold back under Jessica's intense stimulation. She loved that about him. She vigorously rode him until she was about to crest into orgasm.

"Okay, Ned. You may cum."

As soon as he began to spurt, she surrendered to her orgasm, making the experience sweeter for both of them. He bucked under her like a wild horse as his ejaculation went on and on. She knew she was getting a pussy full of sperm.

"That felt good, Ned. Are you ready?" she panted.

He reached forward and grasped her hips and helped her straddle his mouth. He licked and kissed her pussy, swallowing several times and giving her three intense orgasms. Then she collapsed on top of him and they both slept.

The next morning she dropped Ned off at his place. "I've booked the room next to where Jerry and I will spend our honeymoon," she told him. "Don't ejaculate before then, okay? I'll make it worth your while."

Ned sighed. "Okay, Jessica."

"You won't back out, will you?"

"I won't back out. Sucking on your cum-filled snatch after you're married is too nasty to pass up."

She giggled.

On the day of the wedding, Jessica was consumed with anticipation. So were two males - Jerry and Ned. Jerry was about to go crazy from the denial of ejaculation for more than two weeks. He could scarcely think of anything but the forthcoming moment of consummation in the bridal bed. Ned tried to conceal his erection thinking about Jessica's plan, when she would slip into his room and settle her sperm-filled pussy on his mouth. And what did she mean when she said it would be worth my while, he mused. And why did she tell me not to ejaculate for a week? Is she still going to let me fuck her married pussy?

The ceremony was dreamlike to Jessica and Jerry. She knew he was struggling with his arousal. I hope he doesn't cum in his pants before we get to the hotel, she thought to herself as she smiled brightly.

Ned's anticipation was fueled by the sight of Jessica in her wedding dress. He knew how ardent Jerry's desire must be after waiting, and waiting. He was also keenly aware of his own desire, having abstained for a week at Jessica's direction.

Several hours later, Jerry anxiously led Jessica into their hotel room. She wiggled out of her wedding dress and got completely naked. He shed his clothes in record time. His purple cock was more than ready, and Jessica's pussy was lubricating heavily.

"Now tell me the truth, Jerry. Did you refrain from cumming as I asked you to?"

"Yes, Jessica, yes. It almost killed me, but I want to please you."

She smiled. "Good." Then she got on the bed and spread her arms and legs. She grasped the headboard and said, "I'm your wife now. Fuck me!"

She kept her arms and legs spread as Jerry impatiently entered her and brusquely pumped. She made sexy sounds with each of his penetrating thrusts, and in short order he spurted inside her. Oh, the sweet feeling of hot jets of sperm forcefully ejected into the depths of her inner grotto.

Jessica giggled. "Feel better?"

"Oh my God, Jessica! That was so intense!"

"I want more. Just handle me and I'll get into any position you want."

Jerry was ecstatic at his good fortune. The girl that insisted that he not ejaculate for over two weeks prior to the wedding was now a submissive and yielding bride. He nudged her over on her tummy and entered her pussy from behind. He got down on top of her in full body contact and lustily pumped his hips. The inside of her pussy was slippery from his earlier profuse ejaculation and he thrust for a while before the feeling in his cock intensified and he shot another series of hot spurts inside her.

"Oh, Jerry, I love this!" she exclaimed. She poured two glasses of wine and they leisurely sipped it while basking in the glow of their new status. When they finished, Jessica said, "I need more cock, Jerry. Here, just lie back and I'll get on top and I'll do the work."

Jessica inserted his hardening member inside her and steadily pumped while giggling. This went on for some time before she felt his cock expanding within her. "My husband is going to give his wife another serving," she teased. Not long afterward, her relentless pumping got him to spurt forth. Jerry got drowsy and was soon soundly sleeping.

She put on a robe and quickly went to the room next door. Ned had all his clothes off and had been anxiously awaiting her.

"Three times, Ned! Lay back now."

Ned eagerly licked and kissed Jessica's well spermed pussy and gave her three orgasms over a twenty minute span. Then she accepted his raging member inside her and lay on top of him, face to face. She pumped her hips as she had when she was atop he new husband in the next room.

"How do you like licking another man's cum from his new bride?" she giggled. "And how do you like having your cock inside a newlywed wife on her wedding night?"

"Jessica -"

She giggled. "I thought you'd be excited about that. Can you keep from cumming until I'm ready?"

"I'm trying, Jessica. Slow down. Please."

"Uh-uh-uh, Ned. This is my wedding night, remember? I want to ride your hard cock for a while before you spurt."

"But Jessica," he panted, "You didn't want me to cum for a week!"

"I know," she giggled. "I want a lot of sperm on my wedding night. That's why I wanted Jerry to have blue balls!"

The stimulation in addition to her naughty talk was too much. "Uhhhh! I can't help it!" he exclaimed, and vigorously bucked as he spurted a week's worth of lust inside her. Jessica had known that Ned would not last very long inside her in the charged setting. She straddled Ned's mouth and had him lick his profuse spent sperm from her newlywed pussy.

When she had calmed down from her second orgasm, she noticed that Ned's cock was hard again. She lay on her back and pulled him on top of her and inserted his willing member. "Fuck me, Ned. Nice and deep."

"What about your husband?" Jerry asked.

"I made sure he'll be asleep for a while."

They had long, slow, tender intercourse in varying positions. Finally Jessica whispered, "Ned - would you like to give me your cum?" That was all it took, and he helplessly spurted inside her.

"I've got to get back now. Expect to eat some pie every night this week." Then she stealthily went back to her marriage bed.

-----
This story is copyright 2012 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
