Entry tags: 

spander advent, spike/xander

A Spander Advent (3/3)
Title: A Spander Advent 
Part: 3 of 3 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Warnings: angst, slash 
Summary: Takes place during AtS S5, and ignoring the comics. Angel sends Spike on an errand, and Spike meets up with an old acquaintance. 
AN: A bit of a Christmas gift, from my nekid numbers choices of Advent and Xander. I'll post all three parts today. Thank you to sentine for the perfect banner!!

Twenty One

Spike had a terrible nightmare—something about burning fires and the cold depths of the sea—and he woke up shouting and clutching at Xander, who’d slept chastely beside him. Xander held him and smoothed at his hair and back, murmuring little nothings into Spike’s ear, until Spike had calmed a bit.

But then another thought hit him and he tensed in Xander’s embrace. “Talisman!” he said. The word was muffled by Xander’s chest.

“What?” Xander said, peeling Spike slightly away from himself.

“Talisman. Stupid bloody trinket. Do you still have it?”

“Yeah, Spike, it’s fine. It’s in my jacket pocket right now.”

Spike heaved an enormous sigh. “Was afraid it might have been lost when we took our little swim.”

“It wasn’t. The world won’t end this week, I guess.”

Spike sagged back against him. “Good,” he mumbled.

Twenty Two

Spike felt well enough by evening to pull some clothes on over his still-tender skin and hobble down to the bar, where Mike waved at them as he tended to a table full of businessmen in suits and ties. When he came over a few minutes later, Mike was already carrying a bottle of Full Sail and a tumbler of Jack Daniels. “Jesus!” he exclaimed. “Just a few days ago you were practically torn into pieces, and here you are, good as new.”

“I mend quickly,” Spike said drily.

“I guess so!”

“Look, mate, what you did for me—“

Mile waved his hand dismissively. “Don’t mention it. It wasn’t that big a deal. Besides, you two are so adorable, and Xander was so frantic about you….”

Spike glanced over at Xander, who looked faintly embarrassed. Then he looked back at the waiter. “I appreciate it. Cheers.”

Mike only shrugged and smiled.

Spike cleared his throat. “Xander says he told you what I am. That doesn’t bother you?”

“Nah. Don’t get me wrong, I wasn’t really expecting it. But, well, I fell once for a Mormon. Love conquers all, right?”

Spike snorted out a laugh.

Then Mike bent down and whispered, “Do you really, uh, have fangs and all that?”

Spike glanced around. Nobody was looking at them. He allowed his face to morph and he grinned widely, showing off his sharp, sparkling teeth. He owed the bloke at least as much, he reckoned.

Mike’s eyes went big and round. “Wow!” he breathed. “That is the coolest thing I’ve ever seen!”

It wasn’t the usual reaction to his demon face, but still Spike found it oddly satisfying.

“And you really drink blood?”

Spike nodded. “I do. I’d demonstrate right now, but it’s a bit, erm, private.”

Mike glanced at Xander who blushed and nodded. “It sort of, um, erotic,” he admitted.

Mike’s mouth fell open. “Holy shit!” he said reverently. “Oh man, I so wish I’d convinced you guys to jump me before you became a couple.”

Spike shifted his face back, and Mike stood. “Gotta go work. Take it easy, you two. No attacks tonight, okay?”

Xander and Spike drank silently for a few minutes, each lost in his own thoughts. Then Spike said, “Pet? What he said about us being a couple—“

“Hey! I know!” Xander had his hands up defensively. “No need to go there, okay? I know this thing is just—isn’t really even a thing. Just…passing the time.”

“Right,” Spike agreed miserably.

When their glasses were dry, they went for a brief walk—heading inland this time. They had their arms around each other, mostly because Spike could still use a bit of support, and it felt nice, and Spike could almost fool himself into thinking there was more to it all than lust and idle amusement. Almost.

Twenty Three

The bar was full with some private party, and Mike could only wave at them as they passed by. They sat in the lobby for a time—it smelled of lavender—and idly discussed going someplace else for a few drinks. Spike was feeling nearly all mended and they were both restless and out of sorts.

Then Spike’s phone rang. “What?” he demanded. Both their phones had been ruined in the Bay, but Xander had replaced them.

“We’ll be finishing up tomorrow,” Angel said. “You can come back then.”

Spike tried to ignore the way his stomach clenched. “And the talisman?” he asked.

“Looks like the Canadian clan gets it first. Xander’s supposed to take it to Vancouver.”

Spike glanced over at Xander, who was scowling at the floor. “Does he know that?”

“I don’t know, Spike.” Angel sounded irritated. Nothing new there, then. “The Watchers are supposed to tell him. So when he takes off you can, too. My Viper’s still okay, right?”

“Bloody car’s fine,” Spike said tiredly.

“Good. I’ll see you in a couple days, then.”

Spike mumbled something in reply and then rang off.

“Bad news?” Xander asked as Spike shoved the phone in his duster, which had survived the Pterachis mostly unscathed. Xander had had it cleaned and repaired while Spike was convalescing as well.

“No. Good, actually. They’ve sorted the Raars.”

“Oh.” Xander didn’t look especially pleased about the world’s salvation.

“They’ll wrap it up tomorrow, then you’re meant to bring the trinket to Vancouver.”

“Oh,” Xander repeated. As if on cue, his phone rang. “Hello?” he said. Spike leaned back on the cushions and refused to listen to the conversation. When Xander put his phone away a few moments later, his face was serious. “So, you were right. I’m booked on a flight to Vancouver the morning after next.”

“Happy Christmas,” Spike muttered.

“Yeah.” Xander sighed. “You know what? I don’t really feel like going out. Do you mind if we just head back upstairs?”

In their room, they sat on separate beds, staring blankly at the telly. They had the remains of a case of Heineken, and they drank it all, silently piling the empty bottles on the nightstand between them. In the wee hours of the morning they stripped and slid between the sheets of the same bed, but they weren’t touching. Xander turned out the light. “Spike,” he said into the dark room. “About us—“

“Only a fling. Yeah. We don’t have to speak about it again.”

After a long pause, Xander said, “Okay.”

Twenty Four

Christmas bloody Eve, Spike thought sourly. The bar closed early, and Mike had a family event to attend. Before he left, though, he gave them each big hugs that smelled of peanuts and alcohol, and they thanked him again and gave him their phone numbers. After he was gone, because he’d refused a tip from either of them, Spike marched over to hotel manager and left an envelope for Mike. It contained $1000 in cash—Wolfram & Hart’s money, and never better spent—and a gift certificate to the Pleasure Chest in the Castro.

Nothing else was open either. It was a clear night, though, and they went for a last stroll, watching the lights twinkle on the bridge and across the way in Oakland. “Someday I’m gonna come back when I can actually see the city,” Xander said.

“Yeah? You should.” Spike wasn’t looking at the boy at all.

“What will you do, Spike? Gonna head back to LA?”

“Might do. I could keep busy there, I expect. Or perhaps I’ll head back to Europe. Haven’t been there since Dru got hurt in Prague.”

Xander nodded and they walked a while longer. “You know,” Xander said hesitantly. “If you ever do come back to England, you could look me up. We could…see the sights together.”

“Sounds lovely,” Spike said without irony. “And if the Wankers Council ever sends you to Los Angeles….”

“You’ll be the first to know.”

Then they didn’t talk, but they did walk hand in hand, like lovers did. Like friends. A middle-aged woman in a red wool coat smiled at them as they passed.

Just outside the hotel, Xander halted. “I was wondering if maybe, um, you and me….”

Spike held his breath.

“….maybe we could just kinda get together one last time,” Xander continued, the words like nails in Spike’s heart. “I mean, we were good together, and who knows when we’ll get to again, and—“

“It’d be lovely, pet,” Spike said, and Xander smiled.

When they reached their room and took off their coats and shoes, they undressed each other slowly, carefully, each pausing to kiss bits of skin as they were revealed. There were some fading bruises on Xander’s torso, the skin the color of yellowed parchment, but if they were still sore, Xander didn’t let on as Spike caressed him. Spike’s own skin was as white and flawless as ever. Nude, they embraced and kissed, also slowly, deeply, as Spike memorized the flavor of the man, the precise way the back of his teeth felt against Spike’s tongue, the way his whiskers caught at Spike’s chin and cheeks like tiny barbs.

Xander dropped to his knees and wrapped his arms around Spike’s hips. He pressed his face into Spike’s groin, dropping small dry kisses on his thighs and bollocks, on the base of his cock and the thin skin just under his hipbone. Spike simply carded fingers through Xander’s wavy hair. Spike felt as if he were being worshiped.

They teased each other like that as long as they both could stand it, and then fell onto a bed together. The tube of slick appeared magically in Spike’s hand and he uncapped it, spread a dollop on his fingers, and used it to prepare Xander’s willing entry. By the time Spike removed two fingers from Xander’s body and replaced them with his own cock, Xander’s eye was wide and shocked-looking and his head was stretched back on the pillow, his corded neck an invitation Spike wouldn’t be able to refuse for long.

He didn’t bite yet, though, at least not yet. He wasn’t ready for this to be over yet. He kept his thrusts slow, no matter how much he wanted to move faster, no matter the needy whimpers that rose from Xander’s throat. He was going to memorize this as well. Tight heat clutching him, strong fingers digging into his back, pebbled nipples hard beneath his fingers, rapid breaths whooshing out in tandem with his own. The sound of Xander’s heartbeat, thud, thud thud; and of his blood, whoosh whoosh whoosh. The scent of him, salty like the sea, sweaty, slightly musky, a living smell that Spike wanted to wear like cologne. The smell that had attracted so many demons like a keg of beer attracts frat boys.

But even vampire stamina only lasts for so long, and Spike could see the pulse fluttering in Xander’s veins. He changed his face—“Oh gods, yes!” Xander cried—and bent down, and sank in his teeth.

He didn’t take much, only tablespoon or two, but the blood trembled through him as if he’d swallowed a live wire, the connection from mouth to cock and balls running right through his still heart, and he howled and came and came, until he felt as empty as a shell and as insubstantial as a dream.

Their bodies were still connected as Xander petted at him and laughed. Spike buried his face against Xander’s chest to hide his own tears.

“Merry Christmas,” Xander said after a time.

Spike sniffed. “Didn’t get you anything.”

Xander squeezed Spike’s arse. “I beg to differ. That was the nicest present I’ve ever had. Beats Aunt Betty’s packages of socks and underwear any day.”

Spike lifted his head to look at Xander’s face. “You should be spending the holiday with family.”

“C’mon, Spike. You’ve met my family. I’d rather spend Christmas with a Pterachis demon.”

Spike had to admit, the boy had a point.

Twenty Five

“I was thinking,” Spike said.

Xander looked up from his suitcase, into which he had put his laptop and was now carefully placing his extra shirts. Spike was surprised that his movements were slow and mournful; he’d have expected the boy to be eager to leave his gilded prison. “Yeah?” Xander said.

“You still have to get the talisman safely to Vancouver. What if some sort of nasty tried to waylay you between here and there? Could use some vamp security, perhaps.”

Xander blinked at him. “So you’re proposing…?”

“I’ll fly with you to Canada, make sure you finish your mission safely, yeah? Then I can fly back here and drive to LA.”

Xander’s face split into a grin. “That’d be great. I’d feel…safer.”

Spike rang Angel, who groused until Spike told him about the Pterachis attack. Spike was fairly certain the attack had had nothing whatsoever to do with the talisman, but Angel didn’t know that, and Spike might have implied that they were related. Within minutes, Angel had arranged for one of the firm’s jets to be flown from LA to SFO, from whence it would ferry them both to British Columbia.

Together they gave the room a last, almost-fond look, then they rode the lift down and checked out of the hotel. The streets were eerily quiet as Spike drove them to the airport. He parked the Viper and the two of them made their way to the proper terminal.

They didn’t speak much as they walked. Truth be told, Spike was a bit nervous about flying for the first time. He was also convinced that, in the unlikely event that something really did spring on Xander at the last moment, the boy would be able to manage it just fine. Xander had proved to be much more capable than Spike would have previously given him credit for.

A smiling young man with curly black hair met them on the tarmac and waved them into the small jet. He followed them inside, made sure they were seated comfortably, brought them each a bottle of beer, and then disappeared somewhere. A few moments later the pilot was talking to them and then they were taxiing away.

“I’ve never flown in a private plane before,” Xander said, running a hand down the leather armrest. “It sure beats the cheap seats I’m usually stuck with.”

Spike nodded and glanced uneasily out the window.

“Course,” Xander went on, “even the most economy of airplane seats is luxurious compared to some of the transportation I experienced in Africa. Fewer goats and chickens on airplanes, generally, and more climate control, and hardly ever random scary men with guns and machetes.”

Spike made a dismissive noise. “You want frightening? Try busses in the Andes. Or steam locomotives across Siberia.” He grinned. “With a hungry vampire or two on board.”

“A vampire on board is not always such a bad thing, as I’ve lately learned.”

“That’s because I’m sodding tamed now. Back in the early twentieth century—“

“I don’t think you’re tamed, Spike. I mean, you may be playing for the other side now—in more ways than one, now that I think of it—but you’re as scary as ever. Scarier, maybe. The way you went after that Pterachis, even as badly hurt as you were…definitely still the Big Bad.”

Spike leaned back a bit in his seat, trying not to glow with the compliment. He couldn’t quite control an idiot smile, though, and Xander smiled back.

Just then, though, the plane left the ground. Spike clenched his hands so tightly on the armrest that the plastic began to squeak and then crack in protest. He closed his eyes and tried to pretend they were still on solid earth. But then Xander was tapping his shoulder. “Spike?”

“Hmm?” Spike asked without opening his lids.

“You look like you could use some relaxing. And, uh, there’s something I’ve always wanted to try.”

Thirty minutes later they squeezed out of the tiny bathroom, both new members of the Mile High Club. Spike did feel considerably less tense, actually, and Xander looked happy as a clam. They spent the rest of the flight chatting amiably about old times and trading stories about Angel.

In the end, though, it wasn’t a very long flight. The plane bumped to a landing and made its way to the terminal. “We’ll be heading back south in half an hour,” the curly-headed bloke informed Spike, who nodded unhappily. The man wished Xander a Merry Christmas. Spike and Xander walked into the building, where a trio of Raars was waiting for them, all smiles and handshakes. Xander handed over the trinket without any ceremony, they bowed their thanks and left.

“So that was kinda anticlimactic,” Xander said when they were gone.

“There ought to be a bigger fuss when you save the world.”

“Yeah. Like, I dunno. A band playing songs, maybe. Or giant checks, like they have on tv when someone wins the lottery. Some sort of ceremony involving fireworks.”

“Thought you had your fireworks on the plane, pet,” Spike said.

“I did.” Xander sighed. “Hey. Thanks for the bodyguarding. And, well…thanks.”

Spike nodded and they stood there uncomfortably until they collapsed into a close embrace. For just a moment, Spike allowed himself to lean his head against Xander’s. Then he let go and stepped back, and straightened his duster awkwardly.

“Well, I need to catch a shuttle to the international terminal,” Xander said. “My flight to London leaves in less than an hour.”

“Travel safely.”

“You, too.”

“Bye, Spike.”

“Goodbye, Xander,” Spike whispered. Then he turned and marched back into Wolfram & Hart’s little plane.

The flight back seemed much longer than the one up to Vancouver. Spike drank and stared morosely out the window, watching clouds pass beneath him and the landscape laid out like a map. What would happen to a vampire who fell from such a height, he wondered, and then he snorted at himself. There was no such thing as a fallen demon.

When he landed once again it was nearly midnight and the airport was almost deserted. He walked slowly back to the Viper, which was surrounded by acres of empty spaces. It looked lonely. Perhaps he wouldn’t drive straight back to LA, he thought. He could go down 101, stop along the coast somewhere, perhaps spend some time looking out at the ocean. Or he could turn inland, head east until he ran out of dosh and Angel cancelled his credit cards. Or he could—No. It didn’t matter where he went, really. He’d still be alone. So he threw his bag in the Viper’s tiny boot and unlocked the door, then collapsed into the driver’s seat.

“Took you long enough.”

Spike did not scream in an entirely unmanly way, nor did he jump high enough to bump his head on the roof of the car. “What the bloody hell??” he sputtered.

Xander smiled smugly at him. “It pays to be friends with witches.”

“Witches?” Spike realized he was gaping like a fish, and he shut his mouth with a snap.

“Witches. As in, ladies who can transport you from a bathroom in Vancouver to a sports car in San Francisco in about two seconds flat when they owe you a favor. Next time, though, I’ll stick to something more conventional. This almost made me puke.”

“But…but…why?”

Xander bit at his lip. “Because I lied. This thing with the two of us, it really was a real thing, to me anyway. I wasn’t just passing the time. I mean, maybe it was no big deal to you, maybe you do this kind of thing all the time, but I don’t, and I was hoping maybe you didn’t either, and maybe there was a thing for you, too, and I told you I was hoping for someplace I could belong and now I’m pretty sure that place is with you, so if you think the same, maybe we could—“

“Xander!”

Xander took a deep breath. “Sorry. Defensive babbling.”

Spike’s head was whirring like a blender. He took a few calming breaths of his own. “Now, slowly and in the Queen’s English, what are you doing in my car?”

“I’m…trying to tell you I don’t want to leave you. I want to be with you, Spike, on an experimentally permanent basis.”

“Why?”

“Because I’ve been happier with you—stuck in a hotel room on a short leash, babysitting an ugly hunk of metal, mauled by demons—I’ve been happier with you than I’ve been…since I can remember.”

Spike couldn’t begin to get his thoughts in order enough to articulate them. None of this was expected.

“Spike?” Xander’s voice was soft and tentative. “You’re not saying anything. I wasn’t expecting declarations of eternal love, but I was hoping I wasn’t making a complete, humiliating fool of myself.”

When Spike was still silent, Xander’s shoulders slumped and he reached for the door. “Sorry. Do me a favor? Pretend this conversation never happened.”

But as he started to work the handle, Spike grabbed his arm, “Wait!”

Xander froze and looked at Spike, his face a mask of mingled fear and hope.

“Give a bloke a mo to get his head together, yeah? You’ve had time to think about this. I’ve just had Xander Harris materialize in my car and tell me I make him happy.”

“But you do,” Xander mumbled miserably.

If Spike’s head had been straight his chest might have burst with the unanticipated joy of it. It would take some time for the situation to sink in enough to dust him, he decided. In the meantime, he might as well be honest.

“You make me happy, too, Xan. I’d rather tear my heart out than be away from you. My heart’s useless, but you—I think I might need you.”

Xander blinked at him and then whooped loudly, the sound echoing loudly enough in the car to make Spike wince. He grabbed Spike’s head and gave him a sloppy kiss on the lips, more like an overeager golden retriever than a…boyfriend? Lover? Partner? Whatever it was Xander seemed to be now. Spike wiped his face with the back of his hand and grinned like an idiot.

“So,” Xander said, bouncing slightly in his seat. “Where to?”

“You’re not needed in London?”

“They’ll survive without me.”

It was Spike’s turn to grab his boy, his man, and to snog him slow and deep. When he pulled away, he said, “Fancy a drive to LA?”

“Sounds like a plan. What’ll we do there?”

“I was thinking…let’s spend New Years with Peaches.”

Their combined laughter rang out like a Christmas carol, like a hymn, as Spike gunned the engine and headed for the freeway.

---fin---