Drake retired at around 6:45 a.m. about 10 minutes before the sun rose. I laid in bed for a few minutes afraid to move. Not because I was afraid of him, cause' I wasn't. But, I was afraid that one wrong move and I'd fall on the floor and wind up having to crawl everywhere.

After I angered him earlier he had decided to take the violent route as punishment and wound up bruising some of my ribs. They'd heal on their own. I was so close to healing them myself, but then I stopped. Drake would know something was up if they just magically healed.

Drake may know I'm a hybrid, but he doesn't know what powers I have. Well, of course other than the ones that my hands control, of course. Otherwise that Jonas guy from last week would've never known. I didn't want to risk having Drake know anymore of my powers. If he did then I'd be completely defenseless. That wasn't something I wanted to happen at all.

Finally, I decided that it was now or never. I had to suck up the pain and deal with it. Painfully, I pushed the cover off of me and swung my legs over the side of the bed. Once my feet were planted flat on the floor, I pushed up off of the bed and stood.

After getting acclimated to the pain, I made my way into the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind me. The light coming in from the window was enough to light up the bathroom enough for me to see everything, so I didn't even bother turning on the light.

Closing the lid to the toilet I sat down. I decided that now would be a good time to go inform everyone of where I was. It was indeed now or never. Closing my eyes, I began concentrating hard on blocking out all of my senses to the world I was now. In order to astral project I'd need to be completely oblivious to my surroundings.

--------

At first I tried the house, but no one was there. Then I tried Merlotte's. It was a bit harder to be there and not get seen by someone, but I managed rather well. Neither of them were there either. So, I assumed that Rachel and Sookie were probably at Fangtasia. It was the only other possible place that they could be.

Projecting myself to Fangtastia, I wound up in Eric's office. Seeing no one there, I walked over to the door and opened it, peaking outside and looking both ways I saw that the coast was clear. Therefore, I made my way across the hall to the doorway, separating the main club from the back.

I peered around the corner. Surprisingly, I saw Eric sitting on his throne on the stage, Pam was standing behind his chair like she did the first night I had met them, and Sookie and Rachel were sitting in two chairs on the opposite side of Eric than Pam was standing.

Rachel, sensing me there; it's twin or in this case triplet telepathy I'm telling you; turned her head and her eyes widened when she saw me. Sookie seeing her turn my way was the next to see me and then after that Eric and Pam saw me, too.

Rachel stood up quicker than I'd ever see her stand up and she jumped off the stage instead of using the stairs and ran over to me, pushing through the crowd of vampires, tourists, and fangbangers in her way. Fangtasia didn't close for another 20 or so minutes. Sookie was following suite right behind Rachel. Eric and Pam were, too, but they weren't making a scene like Rachel and Sookie were.

"Selena!" Rachel and Sookie both squealed, reaching me at about the same time.

We were all three in the hall now. I had backed up when they were coming to me. I didn't want anyone else to see me. Sookie and Rachel both took turns hugging me before Eric and Pam made their way into the hallway.

Eric ushered all of us into his office. Once we were all in he closed the door and locked it. Now would be the worst time to be interrupted.

"Where are you at right now?" Rachel asked, jumping on the asking questions train.

"Who has you?" Sookie asked, jumping onto the train that Rachel had started.

If it weren't for Drake never having been invited into the house before. Sookie's question would have been a stupid one. But, of course, Drake never had been, so no one would have jumped to the conclusion that he'd taken me.

"How are you even here?" Pam wondered out loud. I could tell that she was intrigued. She knew it had something to do with magic since she hadn't seen me come in.

"Astral projection," I answered simply. Then I turned to Rachel. "Some all vampire hotel in San Fransisco. Of all places that dumbass could take me! It just had to be a place that I know like the back of my hand. I lived there for four years. Sometimes he just doesn't have a brain." Next was Sookie's question. I turned to her. "Drake," was all I said. I didn't need to say anymore than that.

"Drake has you? How? You never invited him into your home," Eric said, speaking for the first time.

I turned and looked at him. "He sent one of his day guys to get me. Apparently, the day guy somehow got into the house and hid in the closet until he heard me coming. Then he must of grabbed the closet blunt object he could find and hid behind the door and hit me with it when I walked in," I explained my theory about what had happened that night.

Eric was furious. I knew that he considered me his. Even if that were the farthest thing from the truth. I had told him since day one that no matter what I belonged to me, myself, and I. I would never change or give that up for the world.

"What floor are you on?" he asked, sitting in the office chair behind his desk. His eyes were practically glued to me.

"The 11th. Suite 1107," I answered and then I added just for the hell of it, "The honeymoon suite to be exact."

Eric growled. Again he's just so possessive over something that's far from his.

"How do you know all this?" Sookie asked, curiously.

"Drake may be a vampire, and clearly the lights are on, but unfortunately, there's no one home. When he went out to buy me a change of clothes he only left two vampires guards at the door. Of course, I killed them both, and was so close to escaping, but he fucking showed up when I was almost out the door."

"You killed two vampires? How? I'm sure the one aside from the one you killed spotted you after you killed the first one," Rachel said.

I nodded, "He did." "But, then he threatened to bite me and I shocked him when I showed him my..." I stopped short and looked at Sookie. She didn't know about me being a vampire. So, I lied when I continued, "When I showed him what some of my powers could do."

Everyone, but Sookie knew exactly what I was actually talking about.

"And while he was shocked I got the upper hand, but that's when the confusing part happened."

"What do you mean?" Rachel asked.

I had every attention in the room now.

"One second the vampire was there and the next he was going up in flames and then next he was just a pile of remains on the floor next to the other vampire," I answered, truthfully.

"Up in flames?"

I shrugged, "New power, I guess." To hell if I knew how it really happened. Everyone's guesses were as good as mine.

"New power? What makes you think that?"

"It happened so quickly. I told him that he could burn in hell and in my mind I was thinking truly he could burn in hell for all I care and then her burst into flames."

All of a sudden, I heard the sound of pounding in my head. Oh, no! Damn it! Someone was banging on the door back in the suite and my body was responding to it. I knew it wouldn't be much longer until I was back into my own body.

"Oh, shit!" I exclaimed in the here and now.

"What?"

They were all alarmed.

"I have to go. Find me quick before there isn't anything left of me to find. I can only hold Drake off for so long without using my powers. Once he finds out about my powers it's sayonara to me," I told them all in complete honesty.

"We're on the first flight out of here," Rachel assured me.

"I'll call the airport as soon as I get home and get us tickets," Sookie said, nodding in agreement with what Rachel had said.

I turned to Eric. "You can catch a flight tonight. Try and act as human as you possibly can so that you can survive a flight without freaking people out. The flight is only about three and a half hours from here to there. You'd arrive in San Francisco with hours and hours to spare before the sun rises," I told him. I had done my math before when I went to college. I just never knew that I'd need it now. Thank god I did know it, though. "Oh, and also...Sookie you need to bring Bill with you and Eric you're going to have to pretend that Rachel is yours. The only humans who are allowed in that hotel are humans that belong to a vampire." "Oh, wait! Another thing! Rachel if Drake sees you, you pretend like you had no clue what-so-ever that I was even there."

Rachel nodded in understanding. "If that's what we have to do then consider it done," she told me.

I looked at Eric who nodded also.

"I'll be there," Eric told me simply. He was standing in front of me now. "He'll be dead and out of your life for good before you know it."

"I sure hope so," I said before returning to my body.