I am my Brother’s Slave
by Vanessa Evans

Part 1

Okay, I admit it, I’m not the brightest girl in town and I am a long way from being the girl with the biggest tits in town but I’m me and there’s nothing that I can do about it. I was always the bottom of my class at school except for in PE where I enjoyed myself and did better than a lot of the other girls.

My name is Ella and I’m 18. I’m pretty much average in the whole looks department except that I’m a bit on the skinny side and my tits never grew beyond an ‘A’ cup. My story starts just after my 18th birthday, I lived with my parents but when I turned 18 my mum told me that now that I was an adult I had to find a place of my own and fend for myself. 

I was at a loss as to what to do because I had only just left school and didn’t have a job so after a few days worrying I decided to go and talk to my older brothers, Logan 20 and George 21 who lived in a house on the other side of the city. I set off in the morning with just my purse containing what little money that I had but didn’t get there until evening because I kept getting on the wrong bus.

A party was just starting when I got there and after I’d told Logan what my problem was he just told me to enjoy the party and that we’d talk about it in the morning. A party sounded fun but I soon realised that there are different sorts of parties and this party wasn’t like any that I had been to before. There were no balloons and no cake, just booze, snacks and more booze.

It didn’t take long for a guy to start talking to me and getting drinks for me and I soon realised that this type of party could be fun as well. The fruit juice that the guy got me tasted funny and I soon started feeling what I assumed to be drunk. The guy started grabbing my little tits and pushing his hand up my skirt and into my knickers and I felt helpless to resist.

I knew what was happening to me was wrong and I should be stopping it but being drunk I just had no control over what was going on. I vaguely remember my clothes being taken off me and then a cock pushing its way inside me, after that it was all a blur. I vaguely remember being moved about, sometimes on my stomach and sometimes on my back and I vaguely remember cocks going into my mouth as well as my pussy.


When I started to wake up was on the floor, naked, feeling sore in and all around my pussy.  My head was pounding, I was thirsty and I felt sticky all over. When I looked around I saw bodies of passed out people everywhere, guys and girls, most of which were in some state of undress or even as naked as I was.

I just lay there, not even bothering or even realising that my legs were wide apart. After goodness knows how long and how many times that I wished that I was dead, I opened my eyes and saw George looking down at me.

“Hi there sis, when did you get here? Wait, don’t tell me, look at you, you must have arrived last night. Hey, I think that I might have fucked you last night, all the other girls that were here have bald pussies and I remember grabbing a handful and thinking what stupid girl doesn’t shave her pussy these days.”

“George,” I managed to say, “what happened to me? Why do I feel terrible?”

“It looks like you got drunk and fucked every guy here Ella. What the hell are you doing here anyway?”

“Mum and dad told me that I had to move out and I couldn’t think of anywhere else to go.”

“Right, you thought that you’d free-load on your brothers.”

“I can’t pay you anything but I can earn my keep, I can do the cooking the cleaning, anything.”

“I think that we both know what the ‘anything’ includes Ella.”

“You’d fuck your own sister?”

“I think that I already have, and by the looks of you, Logan has as well. Shit, are you on the pill girl?”

“No, why?”

“Well if every guy here dumped a load in you last night you might just have got yourself pregnant. Hey, were you a virgin before you came here?”

“I didn’t ask them, or you, to fuck me and yes I’d never been fucked before.”

“Just being here like that is enough of an invitation Ella. Fuck, get yourself cleaned up and then start on this place. When everyone’s gone we can talk, okay?”

“Thanks George. Do you know where my clothes are?”

“How the fuck should I know? If you can’t find them you’ll have to stay like that.”


I got to my feet and just stood there for a few seconds making sure that I could stay on my feet then I looked around for my clothes. Not seeing any sign of them I headed for the bathroom only to find another naked girl in the bath. I really needed that shower so I touched the girl on her shoulder, then pushed her a little until she woke up. 

“Fuck, who are you?” she said to me.

Then she jumped up, climbed out and knelt in front of the toilet. As she was throwing up I climbed into the bath and turned the shower on. It felt good but my head was still pounding. I found some soap and shampoo and got myself clean, having a pee whilst I was doing that.

Feeling at least clean I climbed out and searched for a clean towel, the one that was over the radiator looked like it had been used to mop the floor.

Then I went back to the lounge and again looked for my clothes. After a few minutes I had managed to find my shoes but that was all so I gave up for then and went to the kitchen. It was a tip but I managed to find the kettle and a mug and made myself a coffee.

The smell of the coffee started to wake people and one by one they came into the kitchen and asked me to make them a coffee. The girls that came in were either just wearing knickers, or bra and knickers or were as naked as I was, none of them being bothered about their state of undress, Not like me, I tried to cover my tits and pussy whenever a guy came in but one of the girls said,

“I don’t know why you bother love, we all saw you naked and fucking last night.” 

What she said made some sense so I stopped trying.

Most of the people who came in didn’t say anything, just grunted when I gave them their coffee.  


People started leaving then Logan and George came into the kitchen. 

“Ella,” Logan said, “Get us some coffee then come and tell us what’s going on.”

I made 3 coffees then sat at the table with my brothers.

“So Ella,” Logan said, “let’s see if I’ve got this right, mum and dad have thrown you out and you want to come and live here with us. Right so far?”

“Yes Logan, I don’t have a job but I’ll do anything to pay my way.” 

“Anything?” George asked.

“Anything.” I replied.

“Well we could do with someone to clean the place.” Logan said.

“I can do that.” I replied, and the shopping and the cooking.”

“What about the fucking?” Logan asked.

“I can do that?”

“Weren’t you a virgin yesterday Ella?” George asked.

“Yes I was.”  

“And you’d have no problem letting any of the guys that were here fuck you again?” George asked.

Before I could answer Logan said,

“We all fucked her last night so it will be nothing new to her, she can be our fuck bunny.” 

“I can do that.” I said, not really grasping what Logan had said.

“We’ll have to get her some clothes I suppose, she can’t stay like that for ever.” George said.

“Yeah, but for now she can borrow a shirt whenever she goes out. Talking of which, she’ll have to go and get the morning after pill and some contraceptive pills, the last thing that we want here is some sprogs running around the place.” Logan said.

“Is Angie still here?” George asked.

“ANGIE.” Logan shouted causing me to jump a bit.

“WHAT?” A voice from the lounge shouted.

“COME HERE, WE NEED YOU.”

Angie cam into the kitchen, still wearing only a G-string.

“What. Do one of you want to fuck me again?” 

“Not right now, but we’ll both fuck you again if you help us.”

“What with?”

“Our little sister here was a virgin when she came here last night and she isn’t on the pill so  will you take her to the pharmacy and get a morning after pill for her and get her on the pill?”

“You both fucked your sister last night?”

“Yeah we did but we were too far gone to realise it.”

“Would you have stopped if you’d realised that it was your sister that you were fucking?”

“No.” Both Logan and George replied.

“Okay honey, I’ll look after you, I’ll get dressed then we can go. Put your clothes on sweetie.”

“I don’t know where my clothes are.” I replied.

“I’ll lend her a shirt.” George said.

“This will cost both of you guys you know that don’t you?” Angie asked.

“How many fucks?” Logan asked.

“Four from each of you, and I get to eat this young pussy any time that I want?”

“Deal.”  Both Logan and George replied.

“Do I have any say in this?” I asked.

“No.” All three replied.

Then Logan added,

“Not if you want to live here you don’t, your ass is our ass from now on, you do exactly as we say Ella.”

“Okay, but can I sleep in a bed please, that floor is a bit hard.”

“We’ll give you something else that’s hard to sleep with Ella.”

“What do you mean George?” I asked.

“Don’t you worry your sweet little pussy Ella, it’s nothing bad. Now, a shirt, come on sis.”


I followed Logan upstairs and to his bedroom where Logan got out a couple of shirts then turned to me and looked me up and down.

“You can’t go out with that bush Ella, have you ever shaved it off before?”

“No.”

“Well I guess that I’ll have to show you how to do it. Come on.”

Logan led me to the bathroom then sat me on the side of the bath.”

“Spread ‘em sis.”

I did then watched Logan trim my bush then shave it all off. As he was doing it his fingers rubbed my clit and he finger fucked me. Just as he said that he was done he flicked my clit and the orgasm that had been building burst out of me and I got a bit vocal.

When I shopped shaking and got back to normal Logan said.

“So that’s exactly how to shave your pussy, can you remember that Ella?”

“Including the flicking of my clit?” I asked.

“Especially the flicking of your clit Ella and we want you to shave yourself everywhere below your neck every day, and flick you clit when you’re done.”

“Okay, I can do that, shall I dry myself now?”

“Yes Ella, then come and try on those shirts.”

I did and both of them were very short on me, only just covering my butt and pussy. What I didn’t like about them was that there were buttons right up the front and the bottom button was just below my belly button. I just knew that my pussy would be showing some of the time.

“It feels strange not having any hair down there.” I said as I went back to the first shirt and put it back on.

“You’ll get used to it Ella, borrowing that one are you?”

“Yes please.”

“Come on Ella, let’s see if Angie is ready.”

She was and Angie and I left to go to the pharmacy. As we walked I said,

“This feels so weird Angie?”

“What does?”

“Being outside with just a man’s shirt on.”

“Does it make you feel horny Ella?”

“Yes if does.”

“Then it’s a good thing right?”

“I guess so but people can see that all I’ve got on is this shirt.”

“Well I guess that that’s your fault for loosing your clothes Ella.”

“I didn’t loose them, someone stole them when I was drunk.”

“Then you shouldn’t have got drunk.”

“The guy told me that it was fruit juice.”

“So now you know not to trust guys. Does it make you horny flashing your pussy as you walk Ella?”

“Yeah but it’s wrong, mama told me that I should always be covered down to my knees.”

“Your mama has some strange ideas girl, probably an age thing, lots of girls flash their goodies a lot these days.”

“Do they?”

“Well your brothers will be making you flash yours a lot from now on Ella.”

“Oh, I guess that I’ll have to get used to it then.”

“Yes you will, and all the cock that you can take.”

“I don’t know if I can do that.”

“Of course you can girl, you proved that you can last night.”

“I guess that I did.”


A minute or so later we arrived at the pharmacy and went to the counter. It was a man that served us, Angie telling him that I was gang-banged the previous night and that I needed the morning after pill and the contraceptive pill so that I won’t get knocked-up the next time.

The guy smiled and said, 

“You realise that the pharmacist will have to examine her before she can have the contraceptive pill?

“That’s okay, she came ready for that.” Angie replied, then she grabbed the hem of the shirt and pulled it up revealing my bare and bald pussy to the man. 

I wanted to pull back and tell Angie to stop it but something told me to just keep still..

“So I see, I’ll see of the pharmacist is free.”

The man turned and walked away and I said,

“Why did you do that Ella?” I asked.

“That was nothing girly, I’m sure that your brothers will be showing your naked ass to a lot of people quite a lot from now on.”

“Will they?”

“Yes Ella, so you’d better get user to it.”



“Could you follow me please young lady?” The sales guy asked me.

He led me to this little room that was a bit like a doctor’s examination room complete with a bed with those metal things on one end. I remembered that from when my mother took be to see a doctor when I first had my periods and it hurt me a lot. The doctor examined my pussy and told my mother that there was nothing wrong with me. My mother told me to stop being a wimp and to suck it up.

Anyway, Angie followed me into the room then the man that was there waiting for me told me to take my clothes off and get on the table which I did, automatically lifting my legs and resting them on the metal things. Then he started feeling my little tits saying that he was looking for lumps.

“The only lumps that I’ve got on my tits are my nipples and they’re hard and tingling right now.” I said.

“So I see young lady.”

He continued feeling both my tits then lightly rubbed his fingers across my nipples which made me moan, then he moved down my body and started pressing all around my belly and lower tummy.

“Right young lady, I need to check all around your vulva then inside you.”

“You mean my pussy?”

“Yes, your pussy.”

I felt his fingers on my pussy then I felt something cold go inside me.

“That’s cold.” I said as whatever it was felt like it was stretching my hole open wider.

“Sorry about that, it will be over in a minute.” 

I couldn’t see what he was doing, all I could see was that his head was right in front of my pussy for a minute or so. He was right and after a minute or so whatever it was was pulled out of me and he stood up.

“Just one more thing young lady.” He said and I felt his finger touch my clit causing me to gasp then say,

“Hmm, that’s nice.”

Before I knew it I was cumming, my body shaking and me moaning out loud. When I got back to normal I looked up and saw the man just smiling at me. We stayed like that for a few seconds then another man came into the room and said,

“Ah, I see the patient is ready for me but you shouldn’t really be in here Ben, you’re not scheduled to start decorating this room until Monday.”

As the man who had just examined me left Angie said,

“Wasn’t that man the pharmacist?”

“No,” the real pharmacist replied, “he’s the decorator and he shouldn’t have been in here, sorry about that. Now, you’re wanting the contraceptive pill young lady. It looks like someone has told you that I need to do a quick examination of you.”

“What! I’ve just been examined.” I said.

“Not by me and it’s me that has to sign your prescription.”

I looked over to Angie who was smiling, then to the sales guy who was also smiling, then I thought,

“There’s something funny going on here. Why do I need to be examined twice?”

I didn’t say anything because the pharmacists fingers were now groping my tits and if felt nice.

I just lay there as the pharmacist did the same to me as the previous guy had done, including touching my clit and making me cum. When I was back to normal the pharmacist said,

“Okay young lady you can get dressed now, your prescription will be waiting for you when you get back to the sales counter.”

With that he was gone. I the shirt back on and Angie and me went back to the sales counter where the sales guy arrived back a few seconds later with the boxes of pills and my prescription.

“Sorry about that, I thought that the new decorator was the new pharmacist. Still, no harm done. Now young lady, you read the instructions on the boxes carefully.”

As Angie was paying the man she said,

“Don’t worry, I’ll make sure that she knows what to do.”


As we were walking back to George and Logan’s place Angie asked,

“Are you okay honey?”

“Yeah, what happened back there? Why did I have to be examined twice?”

“Don’t you worry about it honey, all that matters is that we got the pills that you need.”

“I guess so, those 2 cums were nice.”

“I’m sure that you’ll get lots of those if you’re going to to be living with George and Logan.”

“Good, but I hope that I don’t have to work too hard to earn my keep, I need to find some time to find a job to earn some money.”

“Don’t you worry your sweet little pussy about that girly, you’ll enjoy earning your keep. Have you ever had your pussy eaten honey?”

“No, it’s still all there.”

“No, I mean have you ever had it licked?”

“Only by my mum’s dog once when I was asleep. I’d forgotten to put my knickers on before going to bed and the dog crawled under the sheet between my legs and licked me. It made me cum like those men just did.” 

“Oh, you like dogs as well, do Logan and George know?”

“No, it was after they both moved out and I never told them.”

“Well if you want another dog to lick your pussy and maybe more, you’d better tell them but in the mean time when we get back I’m going to show you what a girl can do to another girl’s pussy.”

“Okay.”


We got back to the house where George and Logan were sat in front of the TV and playing a game of some sorts, the place still looking like a tip.

“Guys,” Angie said, “I’m just going to start Ella on these pills then eat her out before the morning after pill makes her feel all shitty. Then when she feels okay she can start cleaning this pigsty.”

Neither of my brothers answered so Angie told me to take the morning after pill and one of the contraceptive pills. I did then she told me to go and put the shirt where I got it from. Angie followed me up to the bedroom and after I’d put the shirt away she pushed me down onto the bed and pulled my legs wide apart. She was smiling as her face went to my pussy and as soon as her tongue touched my slit I was moaning with pleasure.

Angie brought me to 2 orgasms and when she was done I said,

“That was so much better than when the dog licked me.”

“Good, now I hope that you remembered what I did to you because now it’s your turn to do it to me.”

I watched as Angie took off her jeans, tank top and G-string which was all that she was wearing and climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees but on top of me. Her pussy was right in front of my face and as I looked at it I saw that it was different to mine. Angie’s has these flaps of skin on each side of her lips that I don’t have.  

I didn’t get a chance to see any more because she lowered her pussy right onto my mouth, Instinctively I started licking and doing to her what I thought she had done to me. Whilst I was doing that I felt Angie’s breath on my pussy and it felt nice. Then she started licking me again.

It didn’t take long for first Angie to cum then for me to cum as well. Angie had leaked a lot of her juices onto my face, some of it going into my mouth. I don’t know how to describe the taste but it wasn’t bad. I don’t think that I leaked like Angie did.

Angie rolled off me and we both just lay there recovering when Logan came in.

Got her nice and wet of me have you Angie? Logan asked as he moved between my still spread legs.

“Didn’t need to mate, she was gushing before I even touched her.”

“Good, I like a girl who’s always wet, it makes fucking her so much easier.”

Logan pulled my butt to the edge of the bed, lifted my legs up and out then put them over his shoulders and rammed his cock into me. As he was fucking me I thought about what Angie had said. I hadn’t really thought about it but my pussy was wet most of the time. Did that mean that I wanted sex all the time? I decided to talk to Logan or George about it later but right then Logan was taking me to yet another orgasm that day.

I’d never had so much sex and so many orgasms ever before, but I have to say that I was enjoying it. I’ve never felt so wanted before as well.

I came before Logan did and after he’d started to go soft he pulled out and pushed my legs off his shoulders.


“Ella,” Logan said, “start on cleaning up the place as soon as you’re ready and then see what food we’ve got. I’m starting to get hungry.”

As I left the room I heard Logan say,

“She’s your anytime that you want Angie.”
 
I got started on the clearing up and as Angie had said, my stomach did start aching. I had to go to the bathroom a couple of times which also gave me the opportunity to clean up Logan’s cum that had been creeping down my legs and to wash my face that still had Angie’s dried juices on it.  


There were dozens of empty beer bottles and cans and Logan told me to put them in the wheelie bin outside. When I asked him if I could borrow his shirt again he just told me to go as I was. When I was on my second trip a man came out of the house next door and he saw me.

“So the boys have a new naked housekeeper have they? I’m Tom by the way. I nearly said that I’d see more of you later but I don’t think that there’s much that I haven’t seen already.”

“Hi, I’m Ella, Logan and George’s sister. I’m going to be staying here for a while. Sorry about the lack of clothes, someone stole mine.”

“Don’t you worry about it Ella, you’re not the first naked girl to wander around out here. They’ll have you going to the shop like that soon.”

“I hope not, it was bad enough going to the pharmacy only wearing one of Logan’s shirts this morning although that didn’t stay on when I was in the shop, they wanted to examine me before they’d give me the pill.”

“I bet that you enjoyed that Ella.”

“I did actually.”

“Well I’d better let you get on, if they think that you are slacking they’ll spank that cute little bare bottom of yours.”

“Seeya.” I said and went back in for another load of bottles and cans.


“Where’s George?” I asked after I’d finished with the vacuum cleaner.

“Work, he’s on afternoons this week. I’m on days but I took a couple of days off.”

“When can we go and get me some clothes?”

“When you’ve got some money Ella, we’re not a charity case.”

“But I can’t get any money until I can get a job and I can’t get a job until I’ve got some clothes.”

“Then I guess that you’ll be staying like that.”

I was disappointed but at the same time I was starting to be comfortable with being naked.

“When can we talk about my living arrangements?” I asked.

“At the weekend when both George and I are here. In the meantime you’ll have to sleep with either George or me. Mind you that might become permanent if we can’t find another bed. Or of course you could always sleep on the floor.”

“No, my butt is still a bit sore after last night.”

“Are you sure that wasn’t because of the pounding that you got last night?”

“They were fucking my butt?”

“It’s one of your 3 holes isn’t it? And you got it in all 3 holes last night.”

“All at once?”

“Sure, you seemed to be enjoying every second of it.”

“I don’t remember any of it.”

“Don’t worry Ella it will happen again and when it does we can video you so that you can look at the video with fond memories.”

“Jeez Logan, you and George were never like this when you lived at home.”

“Yeah, well let’s just say that we’ve discovered a whole new world. A nice one and I’m sure that you’ll come to enjoy it as well.”

“I think that I already am.”

“Good, what food have we got?”

“Beans. Bread, eggs and some milk but that is starting to go off.”

“Then you’d better go to the shop and get us some more food then Ella.”

“Err 3 problems bro, firstly no money, secondly no clothes and thirdly I don’t know what you want me to get.”

“Wow Ella, all this fucking is making your brain work properly, okay, this time I’ll come with you, introduce you to the shopkeeper so that he knows that you’re with us. Go and get that shirt and put your shoes on.”


As we were walking down the road Logan said,

“So you’ll be happy being our fuck bunny will you Ella?”

“I don’t know what a fuck bunny is Logan, I’m not a rabbit.”

“It just means that we can fuck you whenever we want, we can let other guys or girls fuck you whenever we want and your body is ours to display and use whenever we want.”

“I guess that that’s fair, but you won’t let me get locked up will you??

“Nope, a fuck bunny that’s in jail is no use to us.”

“You used the word ‘display’ earlier, what do you mean by ‘display’?

“Surprised that you picked up on that, it’s nothing to worry about it’s just that you’ll have to get naked wherever and whenever we tell you. Like you can walk back from the shop without the shirt on when we’ve finished here.”

“You mean?”

“Yes, it’s only a few minutes walk and we haven’t see anyone on the way here have we?”

“No, but?”

“Do you want to live with us Ella?”

I thought for a few seconds, that neighbour, Tom, was right. Where else would they expect me to be naked? What would mum say? To hell with it, mum threw me out so what do I care what she thinks.

“Okay I’ll do it.” I said as we entered the shop. 

“Harry, this is our sister Ella, she’s going to be living with us for a while.”

“Hi Ella, why would a beautiful girl like you want to live with those 2 reprobates.”

“My mother told me that I have to find somewhere else to live.”

“I see, well I’m sure that your brothers will look after you.”

Logan and I went round the store and got what we needed then when we were paying Logan said,

“You’ll be seeing a lot more of Ella from now on Harry, and you Ella, you do what Harry says and you’ll pay a good price for the food that we need.”

“Cheers mate.” Harry said.

“Right Ella,” Logan said, “give me that shirt.”

I looked around and was happy that Logan and I were the only customers then I unbuttoned the shirt, took it off and handed it to Logan who stuffed it in one of the shopping bags. Standing there wearing only my shoes I felt my pussy tingle as Harry looked me up and down.

“Cute isn’t she Harry?”

“She sure is, are you going to send her shopping every day?”

“Maybe Harry, but you treat her nice and she’ll do whatever you want.”

“Thanks Logan. I will, and I’ll see that you get good food for her to cook.”

“Right Ella, come on, my stomach wants some of that food in it.”


We walked out of the shop and I was again pleased that it was the middle of the afternoon and not many people were out and about. As we started walking I was looking all around and Logan was smiling.

“Just act natural Ella, it’s only a couple of hundred metres.”

“But what if someone sees me?”

“Just smile and keep walking and don’t you dare try to cover your tits or pussy.”

“Yes Logan.”

Only one old man walking his dog saw me and he just smiled and stared at me as we passed him. Even though he was old enough to be my grandpa I felt my pussy tingle some more. When we got home Logan told me to put the food away and get cooking. As we were eating I said,

“What did you mean when you said that I had to do what Harry says Logan? He’s the shopkeeper and mum said that the customer is always right.”

“What I meant Ella was that if you let Harry fuck you or anything he’ll give us some free food.”

“Oh, and you want me to do that?”

“Yes Ella.”
 
“Okay, I can do that.”

“Good. When you’ve cleaned up here you can do some washing. Do you know how to use a washing machine?”

“Of course I do, mum stopped washing my clothes just after you 2 moved out.”

“Well at least you won’t have any of your clothes to wash?”

“When can I have some clothes? I don’t feel comfortable walking around outside without anything on.”

“No idea. You were okay coming back from the shop and you hardly had anything on when you went with Angie for your pills. I bet that you were turned on those times weren’t you?”

“Yes I was.” I quietly replied. “There you are then, you don’t need any clothes.”

“Yes I do, what if you take me somewhere where there might be some coppers?”

“Fair point sis. I’ll ask some of the girls that I know to see if they’ve got anything that you can have.”

“Thanks Logan, you’re the best.”

“You’re getting used to being naked aren’t you Ella”

“It depends on where I am, I am here but not outside, how do you know?”

“When we walked back from the shop you’re nipples were hard and it wasn’t cold out but right now they’re soft.”

“They aren’t tingling and neither is my pussy.”

“That just proves my point then.”

“You’re so clever Logan, you will look after me won’t you?”

“Of course we will, you’re our fuck bunny and we don’t want to loose you.”

“Thanks Logan. So what so you normally do on an evening here?”

“That depends on what we’re doing the next morning. If we’re at work we’ll have a quiet evening watching TV or playing electronic games but if not we might go to the pub or invite some friends round for a drink here or if we can get any girls to come we’ll probably have a bit of an orgy.”

“So if I’m here will all the guys fuck me?”

“Probably, is that a problem for you?”

“No, I can’t remember anything about last night but when you fucked me earlier I liked it. I didn’t know that sex can be so good. Mum would never let me go to grown-ups parties.”

“They’re not all like ours but I bet that we have more fun at ours.”

“So what are you going to do this evening?”

“Fuck you again then have an early night, I have to get up at 6.”

“Okay, can I sleep in your bed tonight then?”

“Sure but don’t wake me up after I’ve gone to sleep.”

“I won’t.”


After I’d cleaned up Logan was sat on the sofa so I went and sat next to him but as soon as I was sat down he told me to turn round and lay back so that he could get a good look at my pussy. Then he put one of my feet on the floor and the other over the back of the sofa. I was spread open more than when he had shaved me earlier that day.

“You’ve go a nice pussy Ella, nicer than all the other girls that come here.”

“Thank you Logan.”

“And I like the way your little clit sticks out all on its own.”

Logan reached over and put a finger on my clit causing me to moan.

“In fact I’m going to chew on that right now.”

Logan moved around so that he could get his mouth to my pussy and he started doing all sorts of nice things to the whole of my pussy, including chewing my clit. He made me cum 3 times before he lifted his head away from my pussy.

“My gawd Logan, that was amazing, better than when Angie ate me.”

“It’s your turn to blow me now Ella.”

“Blow you, what’s that?”

“Give me a blowjob.”

“I’ve never given one of those and why is it called a blow job when I have to suck not blow?”

“I have no idea, really, you’ve never given a blowjob before, didn’t any of the boys at St. Jo’s get you to give them one?”

“Tommy Matheson ask me to but I refused because I didn’t know what one was.”

“Well you certainly found out last night you must have had 8 or 9 cocks in your mouth over the evening.”

“I don’t remember. Is that why my jaw ached a bit this morning?”

“Probably, get on your knees between my legs and give me one.”

“Okay, but I don’t know what to do.”

“Do what you do when you eat an ice lolly and the same sort of thing that you did to Angie and I’ll put you right if I need to but girls usually know instinctively what to do.”

I did and as I licked it I saw some clear liquid come out of the end of Logan’s cock.

“Is that your cum?” I asked.

“No, the clear stuff is called pre-cum, it’s to help lubricate your hole so it doesn’t hurt when I ram my cock into you, not that you need any lubrication, Angie was right you produce so much natural lube we could bottle it and sell it. Proper cum is white, you’ve seen that seeping out of your hole and running down the insides of your legs but the load that I’m going to give you later will go all over you. My first load is going down your throat like the guys last night did.”

“Is that why I wasn’t very hungry this morning?”

“I doubt it. Shut up and put your mouth over my cock girl.”

I did, remembering that Angie had licked and sucked my pussy so I did the same to Logan’s cock.  After a while Logan started pulling my head closer to him so that his cock was going into my throat and I heard him say,

“Relax Ella, I’ll let you breathe when you need to.”

And he did, each time that I thought that I was about to choke Logan pulled my head back and I took a deep breath before he pulled me onto him again. He started pulling and pushing my head faster and faster until he pulled my head onto him and I felt his cock jerk and his warm cum go down my throat.

He must have know that I needed air because he pulled my head off him while he was still shooting his cum into me and some of it stayed in my mouth.

“Don’t swallow that.” Luke said, “show me what I’ve just given you.”

When he pulled his cock out of my mouth I left it open and looked at his face to see if he was looking at mine. 

“Good girl.” He said, “now swallow it then show me your empty mouth.”

I did and he again called me a good girl.

“So what did that taste like Ella?”

“I don’t know, it wasn’t bad but it wasn’t nice like strawberries, it was just, okay I guess.”

“Well pretend that it’s strawberries because you’re going to get a lot of that in your mouth and throat as well as your pussy. Now suck my cock until it gets hard again then I’m going to stick it inside your cunt.”

I did, tasting his cum again and deciding that I liked the taste. I told myself that the taste was a new type of strawberries.

When Logan was hard he stood up then pulled me up to my feet then put his arms round me with his hands under my butt, Then his lifted me up high and lowered me until I felt the end of his cock against my pussy. Instinctively I waggled my butt a little until the tip of his cock was at the entrance to my hole and Logan lowered me so that his cock went inside me. He kept going until I told him that he was hurting me.

I wrapped my legs around him as he used his arms to lift and lower me over and over. He did that for ages not stopping when I had an orgasm. I was starting to think that he was going to kill me when he turned, lifted me up and off and threw me down on the sofa. As I lay there looking up at him he grabbed his cock, pointed it at me as started shooting his second load all over me from my pussy right up to my face and hair.

When the strings of cum finally stopped coming out of him I said,

“Do all guys shoot that much cum each time, I’m covered in it.”

“Sometimes, it depends on a lot of things. You can scoop it up and eat it if you like.”

I did and the more I had the more I liked it. As I was doing that Logan asked,

“How do you fancy having lots of men shooting their loads all over you at the same time?”

“That could be fun.”

“Good because I’m going to arrange a bukkake for you, that’s what it’s called, a bukkake.”

“That’s a funny name.”

“Yeah, I think that the Japanese gave it the name. Go and get showered then come to my bedroom. I’m going to show you how to be a cowgirl.”


As I was washing myself I decided that I was going to like living with my brothers.

  
I like fucking cowgirl style, reverse as well. I like the way that I can control what’s happening, not that I don’t like it when my body is just being used by the man, or men, I do, I really do.  It’s a different way of fucking, a way where I can control when I cum instead of just laying back and letting the man do his thing hopefully making me cum along the way.

Just before I went to sleep Logan told me that tomorrow I was going to show him how I make myself cum. I hadn’t done that very often partially because of what my mother made me wear in bed but occasionally I had taken my pyjama bottoms and thick knickers off under the covers and explored myself and discovered what can happen if I play with my clit. 

When Logan told me that I thought about asking Angie how she did it and if she could teach me but then I thought that maybe Logan or George can teach me. I’d had a lot of orgasms that day and loved every one of them and I wanted more and more and if I could do it myself that will help me to have even more.

*****

When I woke up it was still dark and someone was shaking my left tit and a hand was over my mouth to keep me quiet. When whoever realised that I wasn’t going to scream he took his hands away and whispered for me to follow him. I carefully got out of Logan’s bed and followed George.

In his bedroom George told me to get on his bed on my hands and knees and after he pulled me to where he wanted me he rammed his cock into my pussy and said,

“I’ve been wanting to do that for hours.”

With my butt up in the air and being pounded my shoulders went down onto the bed and my right hand went to my pussy. I was thinking about what Logan had said about making myself cum and my fingers found my clit and started rubbing.

Wow, rubbing my clit whilst a cock is going in and out of my hole is amazing. I was having my second orgasm when I felt George dump his load inside me. Then he pushed me onto my side and I watched him take his clothes off then lay on the bed beside me. One of his hands came over me and started playing with one nipple but his teasing slowed then stopped and I guessed that he’d gone to sleep so I relaxed and it was a happy Ella that soon went back to sleep.

*****
