I awoke with a start that Sunday morning as I recalled the pain that the fake breast whipping had caused me and the orgasms I had had. As I gently rubbed my clitty I cleared my head and eased myself up and sat on the edge of the bed, I had made a mess on the sheets and still had my clothes from Saturday to clean so the obvious choice for today's clothes was my maid's uniform. I stood up and stripped the bed leaving the bedding in a heap on the floor and headed to the bathroom to have a long-scented bubble bath soak. An hour later with the water cooling I finally got out after drying I wrapped the towel around me as I saw my wife do, I took two steps and I nearly tripped up as the towel fell to the floor and ended up at my ankles, I tried again this time twisting the top of the towel and folding it upon itself, it held!
I then put on my clean breast forms and gaff, this time not repeating the mistake of Saturday I left them switched off till I was ready to play with them. Then followed the gaff, shrinking my penis with ice, squeezing it into the tube adjusting it, so it sat comfortably and giving my new pussy and breast a spritz of perfume.
I walked over to the walk-in closet, picked out my maids uniform and laid it on the bed. I then rummaged around in my lingerie stash and pulled out the black corset, frilly maid panties, black seemed stockings, I then pulled up onto each thigh a white and pink garter with frills and bows. I set the 150mm stiletto heels in patent shiny black leather with lockable ankle straps on the floor by my wife's chair. I had bought these from the sex shop, and at t the same I bought several time delays locks so once they were on I had to wear them until the time expired or cut the straps! But what I did not know was laced between inside the leather straps, was a thin braded steel wire that prevented slaves from cutting the so they could remove the shoes the same applied for the collar. I used the same locks on my locking slave collar, I was playing a dangerous game by using time delay locks, it just added to the excitement for me.
I had some initial trouble with the corset, I had to buy several before I found one that fitted perfectly mainly because I had no-one to pull and tighten the back laces. I was happy with the fit and feel of my new restrictive corset, it gave me an enhanced waist and flattened my stomach although it made bending over a real pain. It also pushed my fake breast up and together filling the cups out nicely and giving me a view of genuinely nice cleavage to look down on. It came with six suspender straps so my stocking tops would be level all round. I liked my stocking tops to end just at the crease of my buttocks on my wife, so I followed suit. It gave my smooth legs a nice sheen and the swish and rustle of the thigh garters was sexually exciting for me. I could feel my cock twitch inside the gaff as the precum silently made its way down the orgasm tube of the gaff.
I pulled up the black thong and settled it nicely between my butt checks stepped into my heels. I reached for the petticoats all seven of them frilly fine mess and lace in white, the petticoat's pushed out the bottom of my maids dress at almost eighty degrees exposing my stocking tops and the bottom of my butt if I bent forward. I slipped the maids dress over my shoulders and zipped up the side zipper it was a snug fit and finishing the ensemble off with a white apron, maid cap and gloves. I felt sexy as hell as yet more precum slid down the gaffs tube, oozing in a gentle tingly stream from my balls up my cock and along my fake vagina. I reached down with my hand and slid two fingers in the gaffs sex canal, rubbing along the length of my cock, I felt the sticky goo and pulled some out. I looked at the almost clear viscous liquid on my fingers and slipped them into my mouth. Licking and tasting the salty goo like I would a lollipop, boy was I aroused just from dressing up.
I sat down at the dressing table and after applying make-up in subtle tones of pink including nails all round. I then set the time delay for the shoe locks at four hours, I had spent two hours in them before so I thought I could manage four. Delayed set and locked. Collar set and locked and leash dangling between my fake tits. Fantasy after fantasy was filling my mind as my precum filled and seeped from my fake vagina tube.
Calming down a little.........................but not by much...................................I then took my time and set up my remote controlled SLR digital camera and opened the video camera on my computer. I took some test shots to make sure if I would be in the frame and after a few slight adjustments I was happy. I posed for several minutes, in front of both, knees bent, waist bent, pouting lips, hands on hips and my favourite sat cross legged showing my entire outer thigh and curve of my buttocks the suspender straps, my thigh garters and locked heels. I even did some legs open shots and pulled my thong to either side to show my pussy, but the best shot for me was I was bent over at the hips, one hand pulled the thong to one side with my other hand inserting two fingers and drawing out some cum, I even managed to capture a thin string of cum about 100mm long. As I removed my fingers on video into my mouth and sucked eagerly on them like a true whore!. It was then that I decided to switch on the breast forms and repositioning the computer to capture me laying on the bed.
I spread my legs and pulled the thong to one side, I inserted two fingers into the gaffs sex canal, and began to rub my trapped clitty. The precum oozed out even more making it easier for my fingers to slide in and out. As the tingling sensation built up I knew I was close to Cumming. The feeling started deep in my balls, passed through the length of my penis, and eased itself out of my helmet. It exploded out and down the gaffs vaginal canal filling it with my white sticky cum, it slid out of the vagina opening like a cream-pie and puddled on the mattress protector. I caught as much as I could, but the post orgasmic convulsions took me over the edge once more as my hips bucked several times.
I laid on the bed for several minutes till my breathing returned to normal and I could sit up, I fingered as much out of my pussy as I could and lapped it from my finger eagerly sucking each finger clean of any cum. Afterwards I took some tissues and wiped my false vagina of any that remained and the bed too.
I gathered the sheets and took them to the washing machine and set the machine on a white cycle. I then strutted my stuff around the house, pretending to do some cleaning as I went. After three hours I had to sit, my feet were killing me, I sat at my computer desk and looked at the video and photos of me dressed as a maid. As I looked at the video of me masturbating I could not help myself and started to rub my clitty trapped in the gaff. Several minutes of slow edging brought me to another climax, as the orgasm ripped through me I wondered what it would feel like with the dildo doing the job?
It was then that the gate bell rang, my heart jumped out of my chest with my heart pounding I switched over to the security camera and over the intercom spoke with the delivery driver. I arranged to buzz him in and leave the package on the doorstep, I told him I was busy at work in London, that he could leave the parcel on the step. Being behind gates it would be safe enough till I got home. I thanked him for his co-operation in this matter. I then waited till he was outside and away from the front door before I tentatively went outside for the first time. I grabbed the parcel and hurried back to the bedroom.
I ripped open the box and took out the largest realistic dildo I had seen in the flesh so to speak, it was a remote-controlled ejaculating vibrating penis. Thick veins along the shaft and the large helmet and oversized balls made me think twice but I summarily dismissed any misgivings when I read the operating instructions. It had several ranges of motion up/down, side to side, round down and thrusting and several strengths of ejecting the fake semen, from a slow dribble to a spurt of three feet.
You loaded the balls up with a syringe and set the timer from a three-minute quick shag to a sixty-minute slow sensual fuck. It even had a blowjob setting of twenty minutes.
I could not wait, seeing that I was a virgin I decided to use my schoolgirl outfit to lose my virginity.