My First Day Back
byfancy_desires_17©

As I tell my stories I will try my best to write my experiences as they happened and as though I haven't experienced them yet to help you, my readers, experience my stories as I have and hopefully persuade you to try some of your own. (Share them, with me if you do!)

It's been a few weeks since that night in the school and I can't stop thinking about having that boy watch me. It seems silly but now every time I think about it I get horny and I wish I was back there, being watched. At the same time though, it was so terrifying I can't ever think of going out and trying something like that again. 

Anyway, school starts again today and I have no idea what to wear. When I threw out all my panties I completely disregard that I still have school. Although I only have school first semester I have school nonetheless. It's a different school, one designed to help kids finish school faster and since I'm new I don't know anyone. I'm so terrified what if someone sees I have no underwear. What if they start telling everyone I'm such a slut... and maybe I was I mean who lets some random stranger watch them finger themselves. I decide to just play it safe today and just wear some sweats and a jacket, no bra, no panties. I make sure I get a pair of sweats that are loose to make sure I don't show off a camel toe. I may not look my best but with my hair up I still look damn good.

I drive my car to school and make sure I beat all the school traffic. I go to class and like every year we go over rules and expectations and all this crap. We usually have it in the gym so our whole class can have it at once. I sit at the very top corner of the bleachers. It's the senior class so everyone has their groups and no ones looking for a new girl. During the long boring presentation I notice someone sitting on the opposite side of the gym. IT'S THAT BOY!! 

The one who watch me! I'm in such a shock, scared, but surprisingly turned on suddenly. God, it's like he's watching me all over again in an abandoned school all alone... fingering myself... my pussy getting so wet and my lips tingling in the cool air. Ugh fuck I can't think. I'm not thinking... what the fuck am I doing?! I slip my hands in my jacket and I start feeling my body going lower and put a hand in my sweats. I'm already so wet just from seeing him. There's a group of guys, that look like jocks, not 2 rows down and they don't even notice. They must think I'm just cold. If only they knew what I was doing behind them, I didn't make it so obvious even if they did look at me they wouldn't even know what I was up to. I feel myself getting wetter as I play with myself. I rub my clit one hand and with the other I pull my phone out and put the vibrator on the lowest setting then pull my arm back in my hoodie. I rub my phone all around my clit I get so lost in trying to cum the presentation ends. We have to go to our next class and I'm soaking wet so close to getting off and I can't finish... yet.

I get to my 3rd period (the presentation took 2 class periods) and I try to find a seat as far back as possible. 

Random boy: "Whats that vibrating sound?" 

Fuck me I must have left my vibrator on. 

"Sorry that was my friend."

Some douche: "Girlfriend?" 

"No I haven't stolen yours yet so I don't have one right now"

All the jocks ooohh my comeback like a bunch of idiots. I may be bi but only I can make it sexy not some asshole without permission. I go sit down and try to finally get myself off. 

Asshole: "So are you interested in dicks too? Cause I'd be glad to give you mine."

Teach: "Alright class let's get down to business." 

Thank god get assholes are away from me. As the teacher gives his speech I get to work trying to finish myself off. I'm still so wet, just the feeling of not wearing panties gets me wet. I start rubbing my clit trying to get back to where I was. In a stroke of good luck the teacher turns off the lights to show the class our syllabus video he made that's just as long as the rest of class. Now the real fun begins. Fingering myself looking at all the people in the room with me I get a little daring. I start to unzip my jacket a little at first to see what I can get away with. I pause half way with some cleavage showing, and still no one looks. I grab my breast and give my hard nipples a few good twists and flicks. Still no one looks. I put the girls back in my jacket and start unzipping even more and more, slowly looking around to see if anyone looks my way so I can cover up. I want to leave my zipper on that low in case someone turns around, but I want to see how far I can go. I unzip the rest and still no one looks. If only they could see me with my hand down my sweats fingering myself and my perky tits out. I lean forward onto my desk as if I was sleeping and finger myself harder. I'm so horny and wet. My pussy so warm and stimulated. Oh GOD I'm so close. I cum and I'm struggling not to make a noise. My legs shaking violently I start to zip up and I can barely get it together. I stay bent over in case anyone looks they can't see my breasts. 

Class ends just as I finish zipping up. I cannot believe no one saw that or heard me! I'm kind of disappointed that no one did but relieved at the same time. I struggle walking to fourth period gym. I get my papers I need for gym and sign them myself since I'm my own adult and I go home. I only have 4 classes this year. Throughout gym and my way home I still feel the pleasure. Damn it takes time for me to cum but when I do it's beyond amazing. Damn first day back in school and I do that. I wonder what else I'll do in school. Oh and by the way yes this is a true story I can hardly believe it myself. 

And if any teachers read this thanks for turning out the lights

-Sincerely horny girls in school.

