Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Nineteen: Futa Delights! Things Get Wild in the Other World
Summary: The futa harem is reuinited and has one hot and wild orgy!
Keywords: Hhh HHh hhh hh inc oral creampie voy exhib orgy inter fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Kalirisia

Willow slid her mouth off my dick while Lady Virginia smiled down at me. Hope thundered in my heart as I stood up. I was fully healed. The wound to my back had been mended. Gasps and moans echoed around me. Crystals glittered in the ceiling. Purple water flowed out of a well.

“The Cave of Dreams?” I asked, looking around.

“I thought it was the best place to take them,” Willow said. “None of them have drunk from the River of Nectar.”

“Is that bad?” Lady Virginia asked.

“Sounds yummy,” said a black-haired futa that stood beside the Futa-Heroine. “Nectar!”

“It is the nectar of dreams that waters the Dreamweave Trees that grow outside,” I said. “If you drank from it, you would fall into a sleep that would last as long as a tree dreams.”

“How long is that?” the black-haired futa asked, sounding nervous.

“From when they sprout from their seeds until their ancient limbs can no longer draw in the sunlight.” 

“So, longer than a weekend.” The black-haired futa shivered, her green eyes trembling. “Got it.”

“What's a weekend?” I asked.

“Two days. Unless you're lucky to get a three-day weekend.” The girl thrust out her hand. “I'm Saffron. You've met my bustier half. I'm Virginia's twin sister.”

I gasped in shock. They didn't look much alike, maybe in the eyes even if they were different colors. “You are most fortunate indeed, Lady Saffron.” I took her hand in both of mine and shook them. “Most fortunate.”

“So,” Saffron said. “You ever been fucked by a pair of twins?”

“I would definitely remember something that intoxicating,” I moaned. “Would you honor me by sliding both your cocks into my pussy at the same time?”

“Well, fuck, yea!” Saffron grinned and then smacked her twin sister on the rump. “What do you say? Want to fuck some elf-poon together.”

Lady Virginia shook her head. “She's just excited for her first orgy. She missed the early one.”

“Enchanted by a succubus,” Saffron said in an off-hand manner. “You know how it is. Occupational hazard.”

Her words were so strange. She kept saying things that I didn't understand. But I smiled at her. I liked her enthusiasm. And she was the Futa-Heroine's twin sister, so I had to give her all the respect and reverence possible.

“So, how do we do this sharing pussy thing?” Saffron asked.

I stretched out on my side. “One of you can fuck me from the front and the other from behind. I will be honored however you choose. I am just thankful that you will use my pussy. To have twins' dicks in me... Oh, that makes me so excited.”

Saffron winked a green eye and then she stretched before me. She had small breasts, not the round mounds of her sister. She cupped my face and kissed me, her clit-dick nuzzling into mine. This heat rushed through me as we kissed. Our tongues danced together. A naughty shiver ran through me. This was so exciting.

Then Virginia was behind me. She pressed her girl-cock into my pussy. I shuddered at that wicked contact. A wave of heat washed through me. I groaned, so eager to do this. I shivered, my blood on fire. I wanted to be hammered so hard.

“So we just push our cocks into your cunt?” Virginia asked as I kissed her sister.

I broke in to a moan, “Yes!”

“Kinky,” Saffron said and shifted her cock down my dick while snuggling closer to me. 

My big boobs pressed into her small tits. A naughty tingle ran through me. At the same time, her dick reached my pussy lips and nuzzled into Virginia's. A hot quiver ran through my body while my clit-dick throbbed against her belly.

Together, they pushed their cocks into my cunt. The wonderful delight of my pussy lips stretched and stretching and stretching to swallow all of their dicks swept through me. It was fantastic. I groaned as their cocks pressed into me. This huge rush of delight washed through me as they slid further and further into me. 

I trembled as the futa-twins' dicks slid into my cunt. I was blessed to house both their incestuous shafts in my pussy. My clit-cock twitched into saffron's belly. Virginia moaned behind me, her round breasts rubbing into my back.

“Holy shit,” Saffron moaned. “Holy shit, we're in the same pussy, Virginia.”

“I know,” the Futa-Heroine purred. “Ooh, our cocks are pressed tight in Kali's wonderful pussy.”

“You so honor me,” I whimpered, stuffed so full of their dicks. My toes curled as my cunt clenched down on them. “So honored.”

“I'm just glad we could save your life,” Virginia moaned. “Saffron is a big reason while you're here. She risked herself to save you.”

“Lady Saffron, I am deeply grateful to you for risking your life for me,” I moaned.

“It's cool, Kali.” She winked at me. “I'm sure you'll save my butt someday and we'll be even. Plus...” She shuddered. “Sharing your pussy with my sister is fantastic. Ooh, we're going to fuck you together. Just pump in and out of you together. This is so hot!”

“It is,” Virginia moaned.

The two futa-sisters drew their cocks out of my cunt. I shuddered, my pussy clamping down on their shafts. I squeezed them tight, reveling in this moment. It felt so incredible. They rammed back into me, their dicks plunging to the hilt in my cunt. It was incredible to have them do that to me.

I groaned as they fucked me. They pounded me with such passion. They drove their girl-cocks into my cunt. I loved it. I savored that amazing delight. My pussy clenched down on their dicks. I whimpered, loving everything they did to me.

Their cocks soon slipped out of sync with each other. They were sliding past each other, pistoning in and out of my cunt. I gasped, my clit-dick throbbing as their shafts buried into me over and over again. Saffron fucked me faster, her face twisting in delight.

“God, that's so hot!” she moaned. “Every time our cocks pass each other, our clits kiss.”

“Right!” gasped Virginia. “Oh, my god, that's incredible. Yes, yes, that's amazing! I'm going to cum so hard. Ooh, I love it!”

“Yes, yes, I bet you do!” groaned Saffron. “How about you, Kali. You're quiet.”

“It's so amazing, Lady Saffron!” I trembled, my pussy drinking in the thrill of their clit-dicks burying into me over and over again. “Lady Virginia! Yes!”

They fucked me with such passion. They pounded me with all they had. It was incredible. I loved everything they did to me. It was fantastic to squeeze my cunt down on their clit-dicks. The twins pounded me, burying their cocks into my pussy.

My nipples rubbed into Saffron's small boobs. They were so firm. Our nipples kissed. Sparks flared. My clit-dick throbbed. Pleasure built and built in me. My ovaries drank in the friction. My clit-dick had such a swelling ache. I would just explode.

I whimpered, squeezing my twat around their wondrous clit-dicks. It was amazing. Fantastic. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my veins. It was awesome. I would have such a huge climax. Just burst in rapture. 

“Oh, my god!” Virginia moaned, burying into me. “Oh, that's so good, Kali!”

I just squealed as their cocks buried into my cunt at the same time, both stretching me out to my limits. It was just for three strokes that they were in sync and then Saffron's faster strokes pulled ahead. I shuddered, my pussy melting around them.

“Seven Harmonious Goddesses!” I moaned. “Eenoy's holy pussy and Gnila's mighty girl-cock!”

“Such mighty girl-cocks!” Saffron purred. “Mmm, we're going to flood your pussy with our cum.”
“Please, please, honor me with your incestuous seed!” I quivered. I was so lucky. My destiny was at a hand. The rewards were even sweeter than I thought possible.

They pumped away at me with such hard strokes. They buried into me hard and fast. I groaned, squeezing my cunt down on their clit-dicks. I was so close I couldn't take much more of this as their futa-cocks plunged to the hilt in me. 

I exploded.

My pussy convulsed around their two wondrous clit-dicks. I came on the twins' cocks, my own shooting cum that splattered my big boobs. I trembled, stars dancing across my vision. Rapture and ecstasy surged through my body and crashed over my mind.

“Lady Virginia! Lady Saffron!” I howled, my body trembling between them.

“Oh, yes, Kali!” moaned Lady Virginia as she thrust away at my spasming pussy with her hard shaft. “That's so hot! Saffron!”

“I'm with you, sis!” 

They both slammed their girl-cocks into my pussy. They filled me and erupted. The twins' fired their futa-cum into my cunt. I gasped and moaned, my twat rejoicing as they pumped all their seed into me. Their twin futa-passion painted me over and over again.

I trembled, my cock gushing jizz. I moaned out my delight, my cunt writhing around both their cocks. I milked their two futa-dicks. It was incredible having them pump me full of all their seed. Their incestuous cum swirled about in my snatch.

“Oh, Lady Virginia!” I gasped as I hit the peak of my orgasm, a final spurt of cum splashing on my boobs. I shuddered. “Oh, Lady Saffron. Mmm, you and your sisters have left me overflowing.”

“May I clean you up,” Willow whimpered.

“Of course,” I moaned. “Lie down, and I shall sit on your face and pour all that wonderful cum into your mouth.”

Willow beamed at me, her curly-green hair spilling around her nut-brown face. This was such a wonderful day. I was so thrilled to enjoy this passion. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Willow

Saffron and Lady Virginia pulled their girl-cocks out of Kalirisia's pussy. I licked my lips, so eager to taste their wonderful seed spilling into my mouth. I just knew it would be fantastic. This would be a passion that I would remember. I quivered, my heart pounding with such excitement.

I stretched out on my back, the orgy raging around us. I smacked my lips as Kalirisia, a hand clamped over her pussy, rose and moved to me. I licked my lips as she sank to her knees. She ripped her delicate fingers away from her bald pussy. I opened my mouth to catch the stream of cum that ran out of her.

It splashed into my mouth. It was such a treat. I groaned, letting that delight melt over my mouth. The flavor was wonderful. I shivered, the heat shivering through me. A quiver throbbed up my clit-dick. I ached something fierce.

She settled her pussy on my mouth. I grabbed her clit-dick and stroked up and down her as more and more of the incestuous mix of the twins' cum spilled into my mouth. I savored Lady Virginia's cream mixed with Saffron's. It was amazing.

And with it was the honey delight of Kalirisia's pussy. What a treat for me.

“Oh, yes, yes,” gasped Kalirisia. The elf clenched her butt-cheeks before my face. They were so pale and plume and wonderful. “Ooh, just start licking me. I love it when you lick me. That's always such a rush.”

I licked her. I lapped at her. I loved her with everything that I had. It was amazing to enjoy. My tongue stroked through her snatch, gathering up her honey juices and the salty jizz. I shivered, loving what I was doing to her. It was amazing to feel her pussy lips against my tongue, a quiver rushing through me.

“Yes, yes, yes,” she moaned. “Ooh, ooh, that's so good. That's wonderful. Thank you! Thank you!” Then she gasped. “Ooh, who are you?”

“I'm Avice,” said a lovely voice. “I'm a futa-priestess and concubine to Lady Virginia. Blessed by the Seven Harmonious Goddesses upon our growing harem, Lady Elf.”

“You can call me Kali!” Kalirisia's butt-cheeks clenched. “Oh, and Willow will definitely enjoy you riding her dick.”

“What a beautiful name,” Avice said. She grabbed my cock. I felt her knees around my sides. Then came the ticklish kiss of her pubic hair on me. She was lowering herself down to sit on me. That was so exciting. A quiver ran through me. I wanted this so much. I whimpered as she sank down on me, her pussy lips sliding over my cock. 

I gasped into Kalirisia's pussy as this naughty quiver shot through me. My cunt clenched as Avice's pussy sank down me. Her cock smacked lightly into my stomach. She moaned, her cunt clenching about my cock. 

She rose up my shaft, her cunt clenching about my futa-dick. Pleasure shot to my pussy. I stroked Kalirisia's dick. I pumped my hand up and down her shaft, loving the way she throbbed in my hand. It was such an exciting delight to fist her and eat her sloppy cunt and have Avice riding my cock.

“Ooh, Willow, that's so wonderful,” moaned Kalirisia. “Mmm, Willow, lick that tongue into my pussy!”

“Ooh, yes, Lady Willow,” Avice moaned, her futa-dick slapping my belly every time she slammed her cunt down my dick. Her hot and juicy snatch felt so wonderful on my clit-cock. “You're so magnificent.”

“And you're so busty,” said the elf.

Avice giggled, her pussy squeezing about my dick. “I could say the same thing about you and Lady Willow!” 

They both gasped and moaned. Were they groping each other? I bet they were. That was so hot. I thrust my tongue deep into Kalirisia's cunt. I stirred around in her pussy, causing more cum to trickle out of her depths and pour in my mouth. Honey and salty delight poured down my throat.

Avice moaned, riding me faster and faster. The ache swelled down my girl-cock and into my pussy. My ovaries brimmed with all the wondrous seed I would fire into the human's cunt. I would baste her with so much spunk.

It would be a wonderful delight.

My tongue kept dancing around in Kalirisia's cunt. I stirred her up. She moaned and whimpered, grinding her hairless twat down on me as I stroked her girl-dick. I fisted up and down her as I feasted on her, my orgasm building faster and faster.

“Your tits are so much fun to play with, Lady Kali,” moaned Avice, her cock smacking into my belly. Precum flicked my tits. 

“Yes, yes, yes,” Kalirisia gasped. “Ooh, they're so nice and plump. And I have Willow's tongue driving me wild.”

“It's her dick!” gasped Avice. “I'm coming so close to cumming on her dick.”

“Do it!” gasped the elf. “She'll love it.”

“I will!” I moaned, so glad to be in this wonderful harem. I didn't have to fear any of Lady Virginia's women. They were all so wonderful. I was so happy.

My tongue danced around in her cunt. It was fantastic to enjoy. I licked and lapped around in her cunt. I fluttered my tongue through her snatch. I savored stirring up her honeypot and fisting her dick. My own clit-cock throbbed in Avice's cunt. She sucked at me with her hot flesh. She brought me to the brink of erupting.

“Yes!” gasped Avice as she slammed down my dick.

Her pussy went wild about my cock. Her cunt suckled at me. I shuddered, savoring the way her hot flesh massaged my dick. Her cum splashed on my boobs. Hot jizz painted over my tits. It was so exciting to feel. I moaned into Kalirisia's cunt and fisted her dick so fast.

My cock throbbed in her cunt. She spasmed about me. Sucking at me. I whimpered before I exploded into her snatch. I fired over and over again into her cunt. Her pussy drained me dry. It was incredible. I loved every moment of it. I arched my back, basting her cunt with all my spunk.

It was incredible. Stars danced across my vision. I loved it. I squealed my delight into Kalirisia's cunt. She gasped, her cock throbbing in my hand. Her honey gushed out of her pussy into my mouth as her jizz fired out and splashed my belly.

“Ooh, we're cumming on each other's dicks!” gasped Avice, her pussy milking my cock.

“We are!” squealed Kalirisia. “Yes, yes, yes, Willow!”

“Lady Willow!” gasped the human, her pussy writhing around my cock.

Pleasure slammed through my body. My mind burst with rapture. I drank down all Kalirisia's wonderful juices as my futa-dick unloaded the last of my spunk into Avice's pussy. I trembled, loving every moment of that wonderful threesome.

I was so glad that Lady Virginia was here, because the end had come upon us. We needed her, or our world would be destroyed by the Demon Lord. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I pulled out of Kali's pussy, my dick slipping past my twin's. I was horny and looking for something hot to do. It was so hot getting fucked I spotted Lada and Brígida. They looked chummy. I crawled over to them and stared at my friends.

“You know, neither of you has fucked me in the ass once,” I huffed. “Not once. I thought we were friends. What gives?”

“You're always doing solo thief stuff,” Lada said. “So I haven't had a chance. You, Brígida?”

“She missed out on the orgy in the home ec room. She was playing with an evil succubus.”

“Don't remind me about that cunt,” I muttered. “Ooh, I'm going to fuck her in the ass.”

Lada laughed and slapped me in the rump as she moved behind me. “That's the spirit. You're totally going to fuck her hard. Just bugger the living fuck out of that succubus cunt.”

“That's right,” I purred as Lada pressed her futa-dick into my butt-crack. The blonde was smooth, her dick finding my asshole.

“Hey, wait,” Brígida gasped. “You're taking her asshole?”

“You snooze, you lose,” I said. “But don't worry, I'll suck your cock. How does that sound?”

“Like the consolation prize.” Brígida pushed up her glasses. “Mamacita, I hate losing.”

“Then let me console you with a blowjob, chica.” I smacked my lips. “You'll love it. I suck cock like no one else.”

“I have to find that out for myself,” Lada said, drilling into my asshole.

“So you'll let me fuck her in the ass?” Brígida asked as my anal ring widened and widened.
Lada popped into my bowels. I groaned as she said, “Nope. I'm already in her ass. Enjoy that world-class blowjob. You're going to cum nice and hard, Brígida. I just know it.”

“¡Mierda!” Brígida glanced down at me. “Well... You better suck cock like a champ!”

“Like a boss!” I opened my mouth wide.

Brígida slid her golden-brown cock into my mouth as my bowels clenched around Lada's thick dick. My own shaft throbbed beneath me. The salty flavor of Brígida's precum spilled over my tongue. I danced it around her crown, her dick throbbing in her mouth.

I loved how she tasted. I suckled on her as Lada pumped away at my bowels. She felt so incredible in me. I savored every moment of her pumping in and out of me. It was outstanding. I shuddered, her bowels slamming into me with such passion. Such force. 

My futa-cock bounced beneath me as I nursed on one girl-cock and another fucked my asshole.

An orgy raged around me. This was amazing.

I suckled with passion on Brígida's dick, my tongue dancing around her crown. She moaned, her small tits quivering over me. She stared at me through her glasses, her eyes brimming with all her pleasure. I knew she would just fire so much cum into my mouth. 

It would be awesome.

“Oh, damn,” Lada moaned as she pumped away at my asshole. “Ooh, you got a great ass, Saffron. It's just amazing to be in it.”

“I bet,” Brígida groaned. “Ooh, but she's got a nice mouth on her. Mmm, yes, you do, chica.”

I winked at her.

The velvety heat burning in my asshole from Lada's hard thrust melted down to my pussy. My cunt drank it in, warming up my ovaries. Juices trickled down my shaft, leaking out of my cunt. They reached my tip which beaded with the urge to cum.

I wanted to just explode with rapture. Lada had me swelling and swelling to that wonderful moment of gasping out in rapture with her hard thrusts. My futa-dick bobbed beneath me, the pressure aching at the tip while I nursed hard on the girl-cock in my mouth.

“Ooh, that is great,” Lada moaned, her hands stroking up and down my sides. She felt so wonderful to me. Just amazing.

She pumped away with those powerful thrusts, just ramming that big dick deep into my twat. I shuddered, loving every moment of her pounding me. It was awesome. My bowels squeezed down on her dick, the friction melting such wicked heat down to my pussy.

My ovaries drank it. I moaned around Brígida's cock. I sucked on her like there was no tomorrow. We were in a fantasy world. Any number of crazy shit could happen. Why not. Eat, drink, and fuck because tomorrow we face centaurs or something.

Unicorns?

Who knew what was coming.

I just suckled with passion on that wonderful dick in my mouth while my cock savored that dick drilling into my asshole. Girls were gasping and moaning and cumming all over the room. It was a symphony down here. I loved it. I savored every gasp and moan. It was just perfect. Just the sort of passion that I wanted to hear. 

My pussy grew so hot, juices running down my aching cock. I whimpered, building towards that burst of rapture. My bowels squeezed hard around Lada's dick. Her crotch smacked into my cute rump, driving me wild.

“Okay, okay, chica!” moaned Brígida. “You're proving it. You're an amazing cocksucker. I'm going to cum. You're going to get just a mouthful of jizz.”

I purred around her and suckled hard.

“She wants that cum,” Lada moaned, slamming her girl-cock into my bowels. “Damn, she wants it. That's something else. I love the way she's squeezing her asshole around my futa-dick. She wants to take jizz in both their holes.”

Hell, yeah, I did.

The ache throbbed at the tip of my cock. Lada slammed into my bowels. The velvety friction melted heat down to my cunt. My ovaries boiled over. I squealed as the cum fired out of my dick and out the tip of my cock.

I basted the floor with my cum. I spurted onto the stones as my bowels rippled and writhed around A Lada's dick. She plowed into my convulsing anal sheath. I squealed around Brígida's cock, sucking hard as rapture and ecstasy shot through me.

Dual delights of cumming as a futa.

“Saffron!” gasped Brígida. “Yes!”

Her hot cum fired into my mouth. I reveled in that salty cum pumping out of her girl-cock. At the same time, Lada buried into my asshole. She moaned, her cum firing into my bowels. I shuddered as she bathed me with all that wonderful spunk.

“Shit, that's it!” gasped Lada, her jizz flooding my spasming asshole.

I milked her cock and suckled down Brígida's salty load. I trembled the entire time, stars burning across my vision. My pussy gushed juices that spilled down my futa-dick. Cum splashed my legs. I trembled, hitting that wonderful peak.

“Oh, wow, Saffron,” Brígida moaned. “Ooh, I have to fuck your asshole now.”

“Yes, yes, fuck her asshole,” Lada purred. “I got her lubed up.”

Yes, she did. I shuddered, so glad to be enjoying my first orgy. I never thought I would be in one. Not until I became a futa. Now it felt like the only way to unwind after a long day of kicking ass, taking names, and not talking about certain embarrassing incidents with a succubus.

God, she was a bitch. Ooh, I couldn't wait. Payback would be so sweet. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

“You now, Aria,” Jeanette Porcher said. She was a busty futa-cheerleader. “I always had a huge crush on you.”

“On me?” I asked, staring at her. “Before you became a futa?”

“Yeah. I'm so a lesbian.” She grinned. “A lesbian fujoshi. Is that weird?”

“I don't know what a fujoshi is,” I said. I was hesitant to find out.

“Your mind should remain pure and innocent, Aria,” the White futa said. She cupped my cheeks. “As wholesome as apple pie.”

I flicked my gaze around. “I could hardly pretend to be that after this.”

“Mmm, it can get worse.” She winked at me. Then she kissed me.

I shuddered as her lips sealed on mine. I melted into the kiss. She was one of Lady Virginia's concubines. There was no adultery here at all. I could kiss her to my heart's content. I could make love to her, too.

Her big, pale tits pressed into my round boobs and the tip of her cock throbbed against me. I groaned into her lips, loving the feel of her. I just had to be in her. That was what I needed. So when she pulled me to the floor, I sank down with her.

My breasts rubbed into her big tits. They were so soft. Our cocks throbbed together, both of us excited. This was such a wicked moment. I was so ready to see where this would go. My heart pounded in my chest.

She broke the kiss. “God, I don't know about you, but I'm soooooo ready to do something wild.”

“As am I,” I moaned. “I want to make love to you. We can do that now.”

“So it never would have happened if we hadn't become futas?” she asked, her hand stroking up and down my back.

“I was straight then.” I gave her a sad look. “And much too religiously uptight. But I follow the Seven Harmonious Goddesses. They approve of our shared passion.”

“Mmm, yes, I bet they do.”

My beaded braids clacked as I drew back my hips. My cock slid down her dick. I nuzzled down and found her shaved pussy folds. They had a delicious slickness to them and an inviting warmth. I found the entrance to her pussy and thrust into her.

She gasped in delight, joy flashing in her eyes. Her cunt squeezed about me in such a wicked way. I groaned as I slid deeper and deeper into her pussy. I bottomed out in her twat, her clit-dick throbbing between our stomachs. 

“That's wonderful,” she purred.

I leaned in to kiss her when a cock slipped between us. I kissed it instead. I blinked and looked up to see redheaded Frederica Trask, one of the futa-mages. She had a big grin on her face, her glasses slipping on her nose. 

“Mind sucking on me while you two fuck?” she asked. “You two look so awesome together. Chocolate and vanilla. I love it.”

“Sure,” I purred and suckled on one side of her cock. I heard Janette on the other side. It was such a thrill to nurse on Frederica's spongy tip while I made love to Janette.

I drew back my hips, my pussy sliding out of her cunt. That wonderful flesh felt amazing on me. I shuddered and then thrust back into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her, loving the way her cunt clamped down on my futa-cock.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion, her futa-cock throbbing between us. My lips nibbled on Frederica's salty crown, her precum spurting out. My lips brushed Janette's. There was something so naughty about sharing a cock like this.

“Ooh, this is hot,” Frederica moaned. “You two make my dick just tingle. I love this harem so much. I'm so glad that Virginia chose all of us.”

“Yes,” Janette moaned, her pussy clenching down on my cock. 

She held me tight with that wonderful pussy of hers. I loved every second of it. It was an amazing delight to feel as I pumped away at her. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her over and over again. It was outstanding to be in her.

I licked Frederica's cock. My tongue danced over her dick, brushing Janette's cock. Then I turned my head and just sucked all of her shaft into my mouth. I took every last inch of her into my mouth. I nursed hard on her.

“Ooh, no fair, Aria!” gasped Janette, her pussy clenching about me. “You stole her.”

I felt so wicked for doing it, but I had to steal her. It was just a wonderful delight to nurse on her girl-cock. I fluttered my tongue about that wonderful dick, savoring the way she throbbed in my mouth. I suckled with passion on her. 

I nursed with everything that I had as I pumped my hips forward. I drove my dick into her pussy. I slammed hard and deep into her snatch. I buried into her twat, the ache building and building in my dick. In my ovaries.

“Oh, that's so hot, Aria,” moaned Frederica. My cheeks hollowed as I nursed on her clit-dick. Her precum spilled into my mouth.

She whimpered and moaned as I suckled on her. I nursed with such passion on her. I suckled hard, my tongue dancing around her crown. It was so hot to pleasure her.

“Yes, it is,” moaned Janette. She licked my ear, sending a shiver through me. “Just keep driving that cock into me. Ooh, I'm almost there.”

I swirled my tongue around the crown of Frederica's clit-dick. I loved the taste of her. It made me nurse so hard. I wanted her cum to fire into my mouth. I shuddered, pumping away with hard strokes. I buried deep and hard into Janette's cunt.

Her pussy held me tight. She gripped me with that wonderful passion of her. I hurtled towards that amazing moment when I would cum. I was just so looking forward to exploding. I slammed into her cunt. Her futa-cock throbbed between us.

“Yes!” Janette gasped. Then her pussy went wild around my cock and her clit-dick erupted.

Hot cum splashed our boobs pressed together. Her dick pulsed between us as I rammed my cock into her spasming snatch. It was amazing being in her pussy. I shuddered, savoring the way her flesh convulsed and writhed around me. 

I loved the pleasure of it. Her pussy rippled about me in such an exciting manner. I groaned as she suckled at me. I nursed hard on the dick in my mouth as I buried deep into her writhing twat. The pressure hit that bursting peak at the tip of my cock. 

I erupted.

I groaned around the dick I suckled on. I nursed on her as I pumped my futa-spunk into Frederica's pussy. Her hot flesh rippled around me. She squealed as I bathed her. My pussy convulsed. Dual pleasure shot through my body. 

“So fucking good!” gasped Janette, more of her cum pumping between us, coating our bodies as she squirmed atop me.

I whimpered, stars dancing across my vision. I suckled hard on the dick in my mouth. Precum spilled over my taste buds as Janette's pussy milked my futa-dick dry. I shuddered, hitting that peak of my pleasure.

“Yes, yes, yes!” Frederica moaned and erupted in my mouth.

I drank down all the futa-jizz that spurted from her futa-dick. I groaned as the salty flavor spilled over my taste buds. It was a wonderful treat to drink. I nursed down every last drop of cum that I could. It was a fantastic delight, I guzzled over and over, drinking down every bit of cum I could.

“Oh, Aria,” whimpered Frederica. “Ooh, that's so good.”

I buzzed from the delight of my orgasm as it passed while nursing down every drop of her cum. It was fantastic to guzzle it down. Just a treat for me to enjoy. I shuddered, my cunt rippling and writhing from the delight that had just shot through me.

It was such a wonderful moment. I was so glad that I could enjoy this. I nursed on her futa-dick. I worked out every drop of cum she had. Janette whimpered beneath me. I felt so alive, and there were so many more delights out there to enjoy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

I pushed up my glasses as I looked around at all the delights. Lada rubbed her futa-dick against mine. The blonde futa-cheerleader purred, “God, that was hot watching Virginia and Saffron share the elf's pussy.”

“Yes, it was,” I purred back, my heart pounding. “It looked so hot. I would love to try it with you.”

She thrust two fingers into her mouth and whistled. The shrill sound caused brassy-haired Mackenzie Richardson to bound up. She had a shaved pussy and perky tits. The White girl snapped a naughty salute. Cum dripped down her breasts, one bead caught on her nipple.

“Yes, Captain?” she asked, a smoky look in her eyes.

“You're going to fuck our cocks,” Lada said. “Both our dicks are going into your pussy.”

“Ooh, that sounds hot,” the cheerleader purred. She glanced at me. “You're cute, Brígida. Love the glasses. So, how we getting both of you in my twat?”

“I have an idea,” I said. All those naughty hentai I had “sampled” now paying off. “Lada, you're familiar with lesbians scissoring their pussies together.”

“Yep!” she said. “Janette once described it to me. She was talking about how she would love to scissor me or, well, any girl on the squad.”

“Then let's scissor our pussies together and you know what that will do.” 

A big smile spread on Lada's lips. “It'll push our futa-dicks together. They'll be right next to each other. All hard and ready to have a certain hot cunt sliding down them.”

“Exactly!” I purred as I sank down to the floor of the cave. It was surprisingly smooth and comfortable. It was like orgies were meant to happen in here or something. A place where dreams were born or something like that.

Lada had a wicked grin, her big boobs jiggling as she sank down after me. We did some readjusting to get our legs to scissor together. Then we slid them closer and closer together. It was such a naughty thing to do. This wicked heat rushed through me as our cunts came closer and closer together. My heart pounded in my chest. 

Then our cunts came together. I felt my thick bush rubbing into her shaved pussy. She shuddered, big boobs jiggling. Our cocks thrust up together, big and thick and throbbing. Mackenzie took one look at them and beamed in delight.

“Ooh, yes, this is what I need,” she moaned, straddling us. She grabbed our cocks and pressed them together. “I am going to love this. Two dicks in my pussy. What a happy futa I'll be.”

“So happy,” I moaned, my heart pounding in my chest. “You're going to love it.”

She winked at me as she lowered her cunt to our dicks. My cock throbbed against Lada's futa-dick. It was so hot to feel. I shuddered, swallowing. My heart was racing. I couldn't believe we were really going to do this. 

I quivered as Mackenzie's shaved pussy lips reached our dicks. She kissed us with her hot cuntlips. Then she slid her pussy lips over our flesh. It was incredible to feel. I groaned, my face contorting from the delight of this moment.

“Oh, fuck,” I groaned, feeling her flesh sliding over and over my futa-dick and Lada's. It was incredible to feel her hot sheath squeezing our dicks even tighter. We twitched together as her cunt engulfed us. “That's so hot, Mamacita.”

“Goddamn, it is,” Lada moaned. “Work that cunt down our cocks. Yes, yes, just like that. You're making us feel amazing.”

“Ooh, ooh, this is it,” Mackenzie moaned. More and more of her pussy swallowed our cocks. Her perky tits jiggled and her futa-cock thrust out at me.

I grabbed her clit dick and stroked her. She smiled at me, her brassy hair framing her face. Then her thighs flexed. I gasped as she slid up us. Her cunt squeezed us tight while her hot flesh massaged my dick, especially that tip.

Her face contorted. I groaned. Lada moaned. My hand pumped up and down Mackenzie's cock as she slammed her cunt back down our futa-dicks. She felt so amazing. It was just the best thing in the world to feel. I whimpered, loving the way she gripped us.

Her juicy pussy worked up and down our clit-dicks. We throbbed in her snatch. I whimpered, pleasure shooting down my shaft and soaking through my pussy. I squirmed on my back. I whimpered and moaned, my face contorting from the delight of this moment.

“Oh, my fucking god,” I moaned. “Oh, that's incredible. Your pussy feels so amazing on our cocks.”

“You have no fucking idea,” Mackenzie moaned. “Oh, my god, no fucking clue. You're both so thick in me. You're both stretching me out. This is the fucking best thing in the world.

Her boobs bounced as she rode us. I shuddered, my dick aching in her cunt. Lada's throbbed against mine. Our pussies rubbed together. I felt her hot folds rubbing on mine through my bush. We squirmed and moaned as that hottie rode us.

The futa-cheerleader squeezed her cunt around our clit-dicks as she slid up us. I fisted her futa-cock, loving how she throbbed in my hand. I whimpered, loving every second of her riding me. It was incredible. Fantastic.

“Oh, my fucking god,” Lada howled.

“I know!” I moaned, rubbing my cunt into her. “This is amazing. Oh, yes, Mackenzie! That pussy! That pussy is incredible!”

“I'm so glad you love it!” Mackenzie moaned, slamming her pussy down our dicks. “Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to cum.”

“Cum!” I gasped, my clit-dick throbbing and aching. “Just cum all over our dicks. That'll be incredible!”

“Yes, yes, yes!” she moaned, her pussy engulfing our girl-cocks. I shuddered at the heat of her pussy around us. She slid back up us. “I'm going to explode!”

Her perky boobs bounced. Her clit-dick throbbed in my hand. She slammed her pussy down our futa-cocks. I gasped as her hot flesh squeezed me so tight against Lada's. That wonderful heat engulfed me. Then Mackenzie squealed, her pussy going wild around our dicks.

Her futa-cock erupted. Hot jizz slashed on my titties while her pussy rippled and writhed around our clit-dicks. I gasped and Lada moaned. Then her shaft pulsed against mine while her pussy cream gushed out and bathed my twat.

“Fuck, yes!” gasped Lada as she came.

I whimpered, Mackenzie's wonderful dick bringing me to the brink of cumming. I shuddered and then I erupted. I exploded into her pussy, adding my cum to Lada's spurting on it the girl. The pleasure slammed into my mind. 

I unloaded blast after blast of cum while my pussy convulsed. Juices flooded out, mixing with the passion squirting from Lada's cunt. We both moaned and groaned, trembling on the ground as we basted Mackenzie's pussy with our cum.

“Mamacita, yes!” I moaned, more and more of her cum splashing on my chest. “That's so good. That's wonderful.”

“It so is!” moaned Mackenzie. She trembled there. “Oh, it's amazing. I love it. I love having two dicks in me! Oh, Captain! Brígida! Yes!”

Her cock spurted a final time while her pussy wrung my clit-dick dry. I shuddered through my orgasm, jizz running over my tits and chest. This all felt so delicious. Just such a blast. Moans echoed around us. The orgy was well underway. How awesome was that?

Super awesome. Having a futa orgy in another world. Mmm, that would be a great title for a hentai Isekai anime. Just so wicked. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“Hey, cutie,” I purred, stumbling into Aria, both of us dripping in futa-cum. “Fancy meeting you in this orgy.”

Aria smiled at me in such a way that made me know her cheeks were burning with a blush. I loved how innocent she could still be even though she had pearly jizz dripping down her brown breasts. I leaned over and licked some up.

“Mmm, that's good jizz,” I purred, the salty flavor melting across my tongue. “Wanna sixty-nine.”

She smiled even more deliciously. “I would love that.”

“Good,” I said. “Mmm, I want to suck your cock, Aria. I feel like we don't suck each other's cocks enough.”

“We haven't had our cocks for more than a day,” I pointed out to her. “Hardly much time to do much cock-sucking.” 

“So let's rectify that!” I said and sank to the floor. “Mmm, just slide that big dick into my mouth. I want to nurse out all your cum.”

Aria did, her round breasts jiggling. Her beaded braids made such a wonderful clatter. Then she grabbed my dick. I grabbed hers. I opened wide and suckled my cock into her mouth. I nursed on her. with hunger. 

“Ooh, Lada,” she moaned as I suckled on her cock. She scooted closer to me, my boobs piling into her stomach. She grabbed my dick and licked the tip.

I shuddered, suckling hard on her girl-cock.

She slid her mouth over my cock. She nursed on me. It was so wonderful to have her mouth wrapped around my dick. I nursed on her dark dick while she suckled on my light one. I loved that we were coming together. Chocolate and vanilla, loving each other, blowing each other's girl-dicks.

It was amazing. Our tongues danced around the other's crown. I loved the feel of her dick in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around her. I danced about her, loving every moment of nursing on her. We suckled on each other.

I bobbed my head, my lips sliding up and down her girl-cock. it was amazing to enjoy, My tongue danced around her shaft. She moaned around mine. Our passion hummed together. It was such a treat. I loved it. I suckled with such passion on her. I nursed with everything that I had.

She moaned, her passion humming around my dick.

I suckled on her, bobbing my head. She whimpered. 

The sweet aroma of her pussy filled my nose as we worshiped each other. We suckled with such passion. She groaned, her tongue dancing around my cock. It was fantastic. I loved every moment of it. I savored the way she nursed on me. It was outstanding.

My orgasm built and built. My ovaries felt it. I would have such a big cum. It would be a fantastic burst of pleasure. My tongue danced around her clit-cock. I played with her. Loved her. She felt so wonderful to me. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming.

She suckled with passion on my dick. Our sucks and slurps echoed around us. My toes twitched. Curled. This was so wonderful.

I would have such a big orgasm.

I nursed so hard on her girl-cock while she suckled on mine. I bobbed my head, my big boob rubbing into her stomach. My nipples tingled, shooting delight down to my girl-cock. She moaned around my shaft, her dick pulsing in my mouth.

She erupted.

Hot cum spurted from her futa-cock and flooded my mouth. I moaned at that, savoring the taste of her. It felt so wonderful to have her spunk jetting across my tongue. My taste buds came to life. I gulped it all down as she squealed around my dick.

Then I burst with rapture. I shuddered, my body trembling. I came so hard. My pussy convulsed, juices squirting out of me. It was incredible. This heady rush of delight surged out of me. I shuddered on the ground, loving every moment of it. 

I fired my cum, my pussy going wild. Rapture and ecstasy rushed through my body. Two wondrous delights that mixed and swirled and merged. She moaned, sucking hard on me. I nursed on her and drank mouthful after mouthful of spunk. 

It was wonderful to cum in her mouth as she came in mine. I loved drinking down her cum. I hit that wonderful, quivering, and exciting peak. I squeezed my eyes shut and sighed my delight. Around us, the orgy raged.

It was so awesome being one of Queen Virginia's girls. Made me feel so special. It was such a rush. I loved every moment of it. This was the life. I squeezed my eyes shut and nursed on her. I suckled with such passion on her clit-dick.

I drew out every drop. She did the same to me. I buzzed with bliss.

I loved all these girls so much. I didn't know my heart could have room for so many, but I did. I would protect them all. That meant I needed weapons. Where the fuck was I going to get weapons? I had no idea. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“Kali,” I said, finding my elf getting fucked by redhead Georgiana Clarkson and Karrie Pearce, whose black pigtails were flying.

The three were cumming, Georgiana flooding the elf's asshole and Karrie her pussy. Jizz splashed on Karrie's breasts. The two futa-priestesses and Kali trembled through their pleasure as I knelt beside them, Avice's cum dripping out of my pussy.

“Lady Virginia,” moaned Kali. “Do you wish to suck my cock.”

“I need to know how to get to the pool with the slime maidens.” If I had to stop Ella and her forces, then I needed to power up. The rest of our classmates were under their “care.” That worry grew in me. 

“Oh, yes, we have to get out of the woods.”

“We have bigger problems,” said Lada. She came up, cum and drool on her chin. She knelt beside me. “My girls need weapons, Kali. And not ones made of bloodiron. Is there an armory or something around here?”

“Yes, but it'll be dangerous,” Kali said.

My stomach tightened. I didn't want anyone to be in danger for me.

To be continued...
