CHAPTER TWO

Methos was pounding away at his forge. As sweat trickled from his brow, he forced the hard iron to bend to his will. Already, he could see the shape of the fine blade it would soon become.

Suddenly, a strange vibration tickled the hairs at the back of his neck. At the same time, the door to his smithy squeaked open. He didn't have to turn to find out who his visitor was.

"You never quit, do you Cassandra?" he commented in exasperation, without looking at the beautiful seeress.

"He is close," she replied.

"So he's close. What could I do about it?"

"You know as well as I do that you're the only one who could stop him." Cassandra could barely hide the anger in her voice.

Whirling around, Methos declared, "Look! It's done! Over! History! Nothing you say or do could ever make me take up the sword again!"

"Would you want the deaths of innocent people on your conscience?"

"As long as they are not by my blade, I could live with it." Turning back to his work, Methos gripped his hammer tightly and pounded hard on the iron, red hot from the fire from the forge. "Do you know how much I loved what I was and the things I did? I liked the sounds of the screams of the dying and the weeping of the mourning. I liked the smell of blood and the smoke of destruction."

Cassandra nodded her head. "I know."

Methos gritted his teeth. Of course, Cassandra would know. He had destroyed her village centuries back. She was one of his victims. The only reason she survived was that she, like him, was Immortal. And now, she was his friend...after the change, that is.

"For centuries, you have terrorized the world," her words reached his hearing. "You have shown no remorse for the evil you have done. And yet, one night, your humanity was restored to you, and you have been carrying the weight of your guilt for thirty years."

"Do you think," Methos began, "by reminding me of that terrible night, you could convince me to help you?"

"It would help ease your conscience."

"Nothing could ease my conscience, Cassandra! NOTHING!" His voice was choked with emotion. "How could stopping a potential bloodbath absolve the heinous sin I had committed, when I had taken one innocent..." Methos couldn't finish what he was going to say.

"By taking up your sword again," the seeress answered, "you can prevent history from possibly happening again. You can stop another Death from taking another child!"

At these words, Methos struck the hammer down so hard that it broke the sword he was making. Bowing his head, he was thankful that his long hair shielded his face, so that Cassandra would not see the anguish in his eyes.

"Cassandra, I want you to leave," he muttered under his breath. "There is nothing I can do to help you. I'm sorry."

There was such disappointment in the seeress' voice. "I'm sorry, too, that you turned out to be such a coward. Stay in this hidey-hole like a rat! You could rot here for all I care!"

Storming off, she paused at the doorway. "You know, Methos?" Cassandra said bitterly. "I'm glad Alexa is no longer alive. I don't think her good heart could have handled the knowledge that her beloved husband was once a killer, a rapist and a God-damned pederast!"

Saying this, the seeress slammed the door shut behind her. When she was gone, Methos laid his hammer down on the anvil and walked wearily towards the table. Opening the drawer, he pulled out a long leather strap. There were gold buckles on both ends. Ornate designs were etched into the leather finish. Methos pressed the handfasting band close to his heart.

"She knew, Cassandra," the Immortal whispered as tears flowed from his eyes. "Alexa knew."

Methos was kneeling at Alexa's bedside, gripping her cold hands tightly. His body shook with the force of his sobs.

Unable to bear the burden in his soul, he had told his wife the entire truth. Methos was expecting anger and revulsion, that Alexa would drive him away.

But his wife's reply was a sorrowful smile and words he was surprised to hear.

"Who am I to condemn you for the things you have done in the past?" she asked softly. "What I do know is the man that you are now." Alexa gently caressed his cheek, brushing away his tears. "My loving husband!"

"I am a monster!" he exclaimed in despair. "How could you be so understanding and kind, after knowing the horrible crimes I have committed?"

"You are NOT the monster!" was his wife's firm answer. "The real monster was the one who ordered you to do those terrible things!" Sorrow filled Alexa's eyes. "I fear for you, Methos. Promise me you will not take up the sword again. Your...Master. If the bloodlust overcomes you, he might control you once more."

"Ever since...that night...I have never picked up my sword," Methos revealed. "I will never do so again, ever!"

"I'm glad." Alexa cupped Methos' face in her hands. "I know I don't have long to live..."

The Immortal shook his head. "No! Please, Alexa! Don't say that!"

"Forgive me, but it's the truth. My illness... It grows worse every day. Oh, if you could only spare me a year or two of your eternity."

"Alexa, don't leave me! I can't live without you!"

"You WILL live!" Alexa declared. "This is another promise you must keep! I may not be able to see the future like Cassandra, but I do know that you will not be alone for long. You will find someone to love, and who will love you back just as much." His wife smiled at him reassuringly. "I could feel it in my heart. It will be someone you already know."

Methos' memories ended there. With a sob, he whispered, "God, Alexa! I miss you so much! I wish you were here to tell me what to do!"

A few hours before dusk, Methos stood at the bank of the small pond, the handfasting band laid in his hands. This place was his and Alexa's favorite spot. His dark stallion, Hesperus, was tethered to a pine, his Ivanhoe sheathed on the saddle.

"Alexa, I'm so sorry," he said sadly. "I know I promised. But Cassandra's right. I can't allow the killings to continue. I'm taking a huge risk by confronting this new Death. Wherever you are, I hope you will forgive me. I pray that you will watch over me and keep me safe from the Master."

Just as he was about to throw the band into the water, the Immortal heard a rustling in the brush. Swiftly, he hid behind the bushes, just as a rider emerged from the trees. Methos' eyes widened in shock.

The rider was clad in a flowing white hooded cloak stained with blood. His shirt was also white, although it was also spattered with dried blood. His kilt was a deep blue. The knee high boots on his feet were jet black. His mare was grayish white. Getting down from his horse, he pulled back his hood to reveal a face that was painted blue and white. Methos knew Death when he saw him. After all, he had assumed the persona for many centuries.

As the blacksmith watched, Death unlaced his cloak and let it fall to the ground. Walking towards the pond, he began to peel off his clothes. First, his boots, followed by his shirt. Then, he removed the belt of his sword and unwrapped the kilt from his waist, leaving only his loincloth.

Methos couldn't help but admire the firm lines of that broad back. It tapered down to a narrow waist and rounded buttocks. His legs were long and graceful. Wavy dark brown hair caressed his shoulder blades.

Death dove into the pond and swam in its cool waters, letting the dirt and paint be washed away from his skin. The Immortal contemplated running to his horse to get his sword, but when Death emerged and climbed onto the shelf of rock near the shore, Methos paused, frozen by the alluring siren before him.

Indeed, Death was a beautiful young man. Long eyelashes capped his lovely dark brown eyes. His cheeks were flushed from the swim. The full lips were parted, letting small sips of air in.

Methos could feel his heart beating rapidly. <Good lord, what is happening to me? He's here on a reconnaissance mission. If I don't kill him now, I may never get the chance again. But, curses, why can't I do it?>

To make matters more disturbing, the Immortal saw Death lie down on the rock and begin to play with himself. Methos knew from experience that the bloodlust was strong enough to excite one sexually. He felt an eager twitch in his loins, watching the young man's hands flutter all over his body. As Death rubbed his palms over his chest, a groan escaped from those luscious lips as his fingers brushed over the tiny buttons. He moaned in pleasure when he pinched and pulled at his nipples. Then, his hands descended, settling around the impressive erection between his legs. Slowly, he began stroking himself, pumping his hard organ from the base to the tip. Already, Death was eagerly thrusting his hips upwards, as if he were making love to the air above him. Nearing the climax, his strokes became faster and furious, his cries more ecstatic. When he came, Death's scream pierced the silence of the woods. To Methos' chagrin, he felt wetness in his own breeches.

Damn it! the Immortal berated himself for a thousandth time. What IS happening to me?

While Death wiped away the traces of his self-abasement, Methos' eyes turned to his sword again, forcing his mind to accept the necessity of killing the young man. But it was a deed his heart would not accept. Instead, he found himself staring at the ornate band in his hands.

The implication of what his heart wanted him to do shocked him. This is insane! I can't! I WON'T!

But his body was already moving on its own accord, controlled by a force more powerful than his mind. As he approached, it was then that Death heard him. Turning, Death's eyes flared up with the unholy light of hellfire.

Swiftly, he dashed towards his sword lying on the ground. Methos, however, was quicker. With a lunge, he tackled Death to the ground. The two men wrestled furiously, exchanging blows. Methos was caught at an early disadvantage, not having fought in years. Soon, thankfully, his battle instincts resurfaced. With a fierce twist of his body, the Immortal trapped Death beneath him, his hands behind his back.

Taking the handfasting band, Methos tied Death's wrists with it, pulling the strap through the buckle hard. He secured the other end around his right hand.

Hauling Death to his feet, the Immortal pushed him in the direction of his black horse. He snarled, "You're my prisoner now. It would be in your best interest if you behave. Otherwise, I'll be forced to kill you."

Death cocked his head up and laughed. "Do you think this flimsy strap could hold me? I'm no one's prisoner! I am Death, and I will be the one to kill you."

Methos gave him a smug smile. "You're welcome to try. I am much more resilient than you think."

Nearing the Immortal's horse, a wicked grin formed on Death's lips. "Do you mind if I put that notion to the test?"

Suddenly, the strap just fell loose that Death's right hand was freed. Before he could release his other hand as well, Methos jerked hard on the band that it tightened around his wrist. The sudden movement startled Hesperus that he reared up, his hooves flailing in the air. Grabbing the reins, the smith tried to control the horse, but it was difficult, especially when he had a killer desperate to break free.

Unknown to the two men, dark clouds were gathering high above them. Sharp forks of lightning crisscrossed the skies.

"Give in!" Death shouted as he pulled at his bonds. "I could give you a swift end. It wouldn't be as painful as having your head bashed in by a horse's hooves."

"NEVER!" Methos roared. "I WILL NEVER GIVE IN! I WILL NOT LET YOU GO!"

"These bonds will not hold me for long! SURRENDER NOW!"

"Maybe not," answered the Immortal, as a sense of calm fell over him. "But there are other ties that could."

Lifting his eyes to the stormy skies, Methos began to pray, "God in heaven! Hear my prayer! Help me end the killings! Let me be bound to this man who is the mirror of my being! Mind to mind! Heart to heart! Soul to soul!"

"NOOO!" Death screamed in rage. "NEVER!"

Feeling Death's bonds loosen, Methos cried, "I BEG YOU, LORD! LET YOUR WILL BE DONE!"

At these words, lightning snaked down from the sky and struck the two men. Feeling the jolt of electricity, the stallion jerked his reins out of the blacksmith's hand and galloped a short distance away.

As the raw power from the heavens coursed through their bodies, Methos felt a part of his Quickening pulled from him, entering Death's body. The Quickening zipped back and forth between them. The agony was more than they could bear that they screamed.

In their pain, they didn't notice the gold buckles of the handfasting band begin to melt. Guided by a higher power, the metal wrapped around their wrists, molding into bracelets. Tiny lightning bolts etched intricate designs into the bands. The bonding accomplished, the power surge stopped. Both Methos and Death collapsed lifeless to the ground.

Night had already fallen when Methos awoke. As he slowly sat up, he felt the bracelet wrapped snuggly around his wrist. Raising his hand, the Immortal looked at it curiously. The gold band was decorated with tongues of red flame. Gazing down at the band around Death's wrist, it was decorated with the intricate blue flakes of snow.

Fire and ice, Methos mused. So we're bound together now.

Standing, the Immortal went to get Death's white steed. Probably recognizing what he had once been, the horse obediently followed him. After securing the mare's reins to his horse, Methos gathered the young man's things and placed them inside his saddlebag. The curved blade he sheathed in the harness, while he tied his own Ivanhoe to his back. He then lifted Death onto his saddle. Methos brought them to his home in the forest.

Carrying the young man inside, he laid him on his bed. The Immortal opened a trap door under the table, revealing a chest. Taking Death's clothes, sword and the Ivanhoe, he placed them inside the chest, closing the lid with a large lock. He then sealed the trap door.

Taking a chair, Methos sat down and waited.

Two hours later, the man gasped in searing air, as he woke from First Death. There was such bewilderment in his dark brown eyes as he looked at his surroundings. The absence of the murderous light in his orbs relieved Methos.

"What happened to me?" he asked in confusion.

"You were hit by lightning," Methos replied.

"Where am I?"

"You're in my..." The Immortal hastily amended, "You're in our home."

"Our home?"

"Yes. Don't you remember?"

The young man shook his head. "Are we...are we brothers?"

"No. We're handfasted to each other." Methos placed his banded wrist next to the other man's. "See?"

"We're...lovers?" he queried in disbelief. "It couldn't be!"

Methos tried to look hurt. "I'm afraid it's true. The lightning must have affected your memory. Give it time, you'll remember soon enough."

There was such sorrow in the young man's eyes. "I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. If we are lovers, I wish I could remember. I don't..." Such a lovely smile curled up his lips that Methos felt his heart skip a beat. "I don't even remember your name."

"I'm Methos."

"What about my name?"

The Immortal shook his head. "No. I won't tell you that. It doesn't take much effort to remember one's name." He urged, "Go on! Think! What is your name?"

A frown formed on the man's face as he closed his eyes and struggled to remember. After a few minutes, he opened them again. There was such aching shyness in those doe eyes.

"I... I think my name is Duncan. Duncan MacLeod."

Methos smiled. "Yes! Oh yes! Duncan MacLeod. That is your name."