************************************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following story is
for the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit
sex. If you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read
any further. If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work. Copyright by Stuffin. Reposting or any other
use of it is strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the author, except that it may be posted as part of a review or posted to a
free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone, either alive or
dead, is purely coincidental.
 
Please!   Send me your comments!

Email to stuffin4321@gmail.com
************************************************************************

Helping the Babysitter Become a Model
By stuffin
Chapter 20

Mara leaned in and started kissing Brenda, slow and passionately, rubbing her hands up and down her friend's body.  Brenda let out a low moan as Mara started nibbling on her neck.  Mara slipped her hands under Brenda's shirt, slowly pushing it up over her head.  As soon as her shirt was off, Brenda reached behind her back to remove her bra.  While Brenda was taking off her bra, Mara was unfastening Brenda's pants.  She pushed them down Brenda's legs and Brenda stepped out of them, leaving her standing there in front of Jim in just her panties.  Her panties were sexier than Jim had ever seen her wear before, even on their honeymoon.  

Mara looked at Jim, "Your wife has a beautiful body.  She's definitely better than you deserve.  Are you ready to watch me make her cum harder than you ever could?"

"Fuck you, Mara."  

"I don't think so, but I think I'll fuck your wife now.  Brenda, do you want me to fuck you?"  Mara had her hand between Brenda's legs, rubbing her pussy through her panties, using the other hand to squeeze her breasts.

"Hmm, yes.  That feels good."  Brenda was moving her body, trying to get Mara to rub her pussy harder.

Mara guided Brenda over to the couch, pushing her down and kneeling between her legs.  She started kissing down Brenda's body, stopping to suck on each nipple.  As she continued down her friends body, kissing as she went, Brenda lifted her ass off the couch and Mara pulled her panties down her legs.  She picked them up and stood up, leaving Brenda sitting on the couch with her legs spread wide, giving Jim a perfect view of her pussy.  He couldn't take his eyes off of it.  He had noticed that it was bald the night before, but now he had a better view and he could see that she was so wet her juices were already starting to run out and make a wet spot on the couch.  Mara walked over to him, holding his wife's panties up to his face.  

"Look at how wet her pussy already is."  She held up the crotch of Brenda's panties to his face, showing him the wet spot, his wife's juices glistening on the fabric.  She hung Brenda's panties on his head, making sure that the crotch covered his nose and mouth but his eyes were still clear.

"Take them off, Mara.  This isn't funny anymore.  Let me up."  Jim started to struggle, trying to get his hands free.  "Let me go, dammit."

"Put something in his mouth to shut him up. I'm tired of listening to him."  Jim looked back over at his wife and she was stroking her pussy, running her fingers up and down her slit.

Mara stepped back from him and started undoing her pants.  "I have just the thing."  She pulled her pants and panties down, stepping out of them.  Jim saw the glint of a piercing in her crotch before she was shoving her panties into his mouth.  She walked into the kitchen and came back with the packing tape that they kept in one of the drawers.  Jim tried to spit out Mara's panties before she taped his mouth closed, but wasn't able to.  Now he was tied and gagged in the middle of his living room, waiting for his neighbor to fuck his wife in front of him.

"That's better.  Now we can get back to what we are really here for.  Brenda, are you ready?"  Mara turned back to her friend, still sitting on the couch and stroking her pussy.

"Yes, please hurry.  I want you to make me cum."  Mara dropped back down between Brenda's legs and started eating her pussy, making Brenda arch her back in pleasure.  

The sound of the two women was driving Jim crazy.  Mara wasn't trying to be quiet as she was eating his wife's pussy, her slurping and sucking noises were almost as loud as the moans that were coming from his wife.  As angry as he was, he still couldn't help getting an erection.  Ever since he heard Brenda and Mara talking at the dinner table he couldn't stop his cock from getting hard.  He hated that his wife was getting her pussy eaten by someone else right in front of him, but he hated the fact that he wanted nothing more than to fuck her right there even more.

Mara reached down and lifted Brenda's legs into the air.  Brenda grabbed a hold of her knees to keep her legs in the air as Mara continued to eat her pussy.  Jim watched as Mara started dipping her tongue down to lick his wife's asshole.  Each time, Brenda would moan louder.  

"Fuck me, please.  You have to fuck me now."  Brenda begged Mara.  Mara stood up in front of Brenda and spread her legs, her back to Jim.

"You have to eat me first.  Make me cum and I promise that I'll fuck you better than he ever could."

Brenda dropped off the couch onto her knees before Mara.  Jim had a perfect view between Mara's legs as Brenda crawled under the other woman and started eating her pussy.  She wrapped her hands around Mara's legs and grabbed her ass, pulling the other woman's crotch into her face.  Jim watched as his wife's pussy continued to drip onto their hardwood floors as she ate her friend's pussy.

It didn't take long before Mara was cumming, Brenda sucking on her cunt trying to swallow as much of Mara's cum as she could.  Jim watched it all, looking between Mara's legs at his wife.

"Good girl, you eat pussy like you were born to it."  Mara looked back at Jim and said, "Look at your wife's face.  Doesn't it look good with my cum all over it?  I think so."  She looked back at Brenda, "Do you like the way my pussy tastes?"

"Oh, yes.  It tasted so sweet, I loved the way it felt when you came in my mouth.  But I want to cum too, you promised you would fuck me.  How are you going to do that?"

"Go get my gym bag."  Mara started pulling the rest of her clothes off as Brenda went to the front room to get her friend's bag.  When Mara was completely nude she stood in front of Jim, looking at his erection.  As Brenda came back in the room Mara asked her, "Is that as big as he gets?"

Brenda looked at him and laughed as she handed the bag to Mara, "It is.  Pretty pathetic isn't it.  He used to try to tell me that he was at least average, but I never really believed it."

"Well, if that is what you are used to, I've got a surprise for you."  Mara unzipped the bag and pulled out a dildo even bigger than the two that Brenda had used on herself the night before.  It was at least twelve inches long and three inches around and had straps at the base.

"My god, that's huge."  Brenda gasped.  She knew exactly how big it was, having set this all up beforehand.  It was almost as big as Big Rick's cock.  Brenda was proud of Mara's performance so far.  She would have to tell Bob how well his new slave was working out.  "I don't know if that will fit in my pussy."  

"It will.  It will fit in your pussy and then it will fit in your ass.  Have you ever been fucked in your ass before Brenda?"  Mara had put on the strap on dildo and was standing in front of Brenda.

"No, but I've masturbated with a smaller dildo than that in my ass.  Do you really think that will fit in my ass?"  Brenda was standing in front of Mara, stroking the plastic cock.

"I know it will, but you might want to get it a little wet first.  Why don't you show your husband that you can suck a cock this big?"  Mara asked.

"I'll try."  Brenda dropped back to her knees in front of Mara.  This time the two women were standing with their sides to Jim, so he had a perfect view of the giant plastic cock jutting out from Mara's crotch.  His wife, who had never really gotten into oral sex, started licking the dildo from the base up to the tip before trying to put it in her mouth.  She had to open her mouth wide to get it to fit, but she pushed her head down as far as she could before starting to gag.  She sucked the plastic cock more vigorously than she had ever sucked Jim's dick.  She was starting to drool, her spit running down the plastic cock and dripping onto her tits.  

"Okay, Brenda, I think it's time for you to get fucked by a real cock.  Get down on your hands and knees in front of you husband.  I want him to get a good view of you getting fucked."

Brenda moved over so she was right in front of Jim.  He could see how wet she was, her juices running down her legs.  Mara kneeled down behind her, rubbing the cock head up and down Brenda's slit.  It was huge, Jim knew there was no way it was going to fit in his wife's pussy, let alone her ass.

"Don't tease me, Mara.  Put it in my pussy, please."  Brenda was starting to whine, begging for the hard plastic cock.

Mara pushed forward slowly, burying the dildo's head in Brenda's pussy.  Brenda sighed as the cock slowly started moving further into her cunt.  Jim was surprised that she wasn't screaming.  He could see the way her pussy lips were stretched and he could swear they looked like they were going to rip.  To his amazement, Brenda started pushing back on the cock, trying to get more inside of her.  

"That's a good girl, fuck yourself on my cock," Mara cooed to Brenda as she continued to push her body back against her friend.  She slowly pushed the cock all the way up her pussy, moaning in pleasure when it was finally all the way in.  Jim didn't know how she did it without passing out.  Instead, she slowly started rocking back and forth, fucking herself.  As the cock came out of her pussy, Jim could see her cum glistening on it.  Brenda slowly fucked herself for a few minutes, "Oh god, it feels so good.  My pussy is so full.  I love it."  Brenda kept up a constant stream about how good it felt to be fucked by Mara's cock.

Mara was looking at Jim as she sat still, letting Brenda do all the work.  "Were you ever able to make her moan like that?  I didn't think so, not with that tiny cock.  Oh, look at it.  It wants to come out and play, but it's too little." Mara laughed as Jim started to struggle harder, not wanting to listen to her teasing him as she fucked his wife.  "Your wife is quite the slut, isn't she?  Are you ready for me to really fuck her now?  Do you want to hear what she sounds like when I'm fucking her hard?"  Mara didn't wait for his response, not caring what it was.

She reached down and grabbed Brenda's hips and pulled her back on her cock.  Brenda gasped as the plastic cock was quickly shoved up her cunt.  Mara started pistoning the strapon in and out of her friends pussy, faster and faster, fucking her as hard as she could.  Brenda couldn't stand it, she felt so good.  But she wasn't able to cum yet, knowing that she would as soon as Mara started fucking her asshole.

Mara stopped, pushing the cock all the way inside Brenda's pussy, leaving her friend panting and trying to catch her breath.  Mara started rubbing her friends ass, slowly stroking and squeezing.  "Do you think she's ready to get her asshole fucked?" She slowly started pushing her thumb up Brenda's ass, making her moan again.  "It's pretty tight.  We might need to stretch it out a little first."  Mara stuck her other thumb up Brenda's ass as well and started pulling her asshole open, pulling her thumbs apart, the dildo still buried in her friend's pussy.  

"Fuck, that feels good."  Brenda had her head down, concentrating on the sensations in her pussy and ass.

"Are you ready, Brenda?"  Mara was still pulling Brenda's asshole open with her thumbs.

"Yes, please put it in my ass now.  I want your cock in my ass, Mara."

Brenda's pussy made a slurping sound as Mara pulled the dildo all the way out.  Brenda made a disappointed sigh, but didn't complain, knowing that the dildo would soon be up her ass.  

Mara pushed Brenda out of the way, laying on the floor facing Jim.  "Climb up here Brenda and sit on my cock.  I want you to face your husband so he gets a good view of you fucking my cock."

Brenda eagerly scrambled up and straddled Mara's body.  She leaned back on her hands, her legs on either side of her friend with her crotch facing her husband.  Mara helped her guide the dildo to her asshole and paused there, getting ready to push the giant rubber cock up her ass.  "Are you sure it's going to fit?"

Mara didn't answer, she just reached up and grabbed Brenda's hips, pulling her down on the dildo.  The dildo didn't immediately fit up Brenda's ass, but remained at the entrance, trying to push in.  The dildo started to bend under the pressure until Brenda's asshole opened enough to let the cock head in, the dildo straightening and shooting up her ass.  Brenda screamed at the pain in her ass as she felt like it was ripping her open, but her scream of pain turned into a scream of pleasure as her first orgasm washed over her.  

She continued pushing down, squatting on the cock, trying to get it all the way in.  She would pull out an inch and then push down again farther each time.  She had already cum five times by the time the dildo was all the way up her ass.  Her pussy juices were oozing out of her cunt and running down the dildo in her ass. She paused there, catching her breath and looking her husband in the eyes.  "It feels so good, Jim.  Better than you could ever make me feel."  Jim looked down in shame, no longer able to look his wife in the eyes.  He stared as she started moving again, riding the giant cock buried in her asshole.  She would come up far enough that the dildo was almost all the way out of her ass and then thrust her ass down again, burying the cock all the way to the hilt in her ass.  Each time she would shove the cock up her ass, she would have another orgasm, her pussy juice gushing out of her cunt onto the dildo, adding more lubrication.  After a dozen more orgasms, Brenda rolled off of her friend and collapsed on the floor, exhausted.

Mara stood up and looked at her friend lying on the floor, covered in sweat, her asshole still gaping and cum oozing out of her pussy.  She stood next to Jim, looking down at his wife.  She started removing the tape from his face, ripping it off.  He immediately spat out her panties, "Let me up, you stupid bitch.  I'll have you arrested for rape."  He was starting to struggle again, pulling at the ropes.

"I don't think so, Jim," Brenda said breathlessly.  Brenda had turned over and was looking at him as she crawled first to her knees and then to her feet.  "If anyone is going to call the police about rape it will be me.  I was completely willing to get fucked by Mara.  Can you say the same thing about when you fucked Kristin?  The argument could be made that she was unwilling since she was tied to the bed when you fucked her."

Jim was shocked into silence, his mind racing.  She knew.  She knew and she was doing all of this to get back at him.  How did she find out?  Did she find the pictures that Bob had left or had Bob told her the last time he was at the house?  He never should have had sex with Kristin.  He never should have kept the pictures that Bob had given him.  There were a lot of things running through his mind that he shouldn't have done.  

"So if you don't want to go to jail for statutory rape, you will do whatever I say.  Including watching me fuck whoever I want."  Whoever she wanted?  What did that mean?  Was she going to fuck other people besides Mara?  "Now we are going to untie you and you are going to eat both of our pussies.  Do you understand?"

He had no other choice.  "Yes, I understand."

Brenda grabbed his cock and squeezed.  "From now on you will call me ma'am."

Tears welling in his eyes, he replied again "Yes, ma'am, I understand."

Both women untied him as he sat there, not resisting.  When he was untied, Brenda grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled him off the chair and pushed his head down to the floor, putting his face right over the puddles of her cum.  "Clean up this mess."  She pushed his face down harder, rubbing it in her juices. 

"Ow, that hurts, Brenda."  

Brenda reached around with her other hand and grabbed his balls, squeezing.  "You think that hurts?  I'll show you pain."  She squeezed harder, making him try to pull away.  She increased her grip on both his hair and balls until he stopped fighting.  "For already forgetting my instructions I am going to have to punish you.  But for now, you will get down and suck up all my cum off of the floor before I let you eat my cunt.  Now what do you say?"  She squeezed his balls harder for a second to emphasize her words.

"Yes, ma'am."  

"Good, boy."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Brenda spent the rest of the afternoon humiliating her husband with Mara's help.  Jim was forced to eat both of their pussies and asses multiple times.  Brenda made him jerk off but never let him cum, always making him stop before he was able to finish.  At one point he noticed the cameras and asked what they were for.  Brenda looked at him and said, "God, you aren't very smart.  I'm beginning to wonder why I ever married you."  Jim didn't mention the cameras again.

At nine o'clock, after over four hours of abuse, Brenda finally told him to get dressed.  She was sitting on the couch, fondling Mara's breasts and playing with her piercings.  Jim had been on his knees, eating Mara's pussy again.  He had lost count of how many times he had eaten each woman's cunt and his mouth was sore from the effort.  Both women sat there watching him get dressed.  He still didn't know what he was going to do.  It didn't seem like his wife intended to leave him, but he didn't know if he was going to be able to put up with this kind of treatment until she forgave him.  As soon as he was dressed Brenda told him, "Go to the kitchen and make us a snack.  And hurry, Tye should be home soon."

Jim went into the kitchen but he just stood there.  He was in shock at what had happened this evening.  He thought he had been depressed before, but now that he knew that Brenda knew what he had done he couldn't think straight.  He wanted to just shut down, but he knew that if he wanted any hope of saving his family he would have to do what his wife said.  He went to the fridge and started pulling out some fruit and cheese.  As he was making the snack, he heard Mara fucking Brenda again with the strapon, making her cum one last time before their son got home.

"Fuck, Kristin has Tye.  She's going to be here," he thought.  What was he going to do?  Was Brenda going to confront Kristin?

By the time he had the snack made and put on the dining room table, Brenda and Mara were finished, finally getting dressed as well.  Mara had put the dildo away, thank god.  He was tired of hearing how small he was, anyone would be considered small compared to that thing.  At least, that is what he thought.  They sat down at the table to eat their snack as someone knocked on the front door.  

Jim just stood there, he couldn't face Kristin now, and why would Brenda want him to.  It didn't make any sense that Brenda was still using Kristin as a babysitter, knowing what they had done together.  

"What are you waiting for, go get the door."  Jim looked at his wife, wondering what she was thinking.  He had no idea.

He started to move towards the door when she stopped him, "Did you forget something?"

He didn't know what she was talking about.  "No, I don't think so."

"You forgot to say `Yes, ma'am'.  You don't learn very well, do you?  Now, what do you say?"

"Yes, ma'am."  He said dejectedly as he again turned to answer the door.

He went to the door, dragging his feet.  He tried to gather himself before opening the door, but still had no idea what he was going to say to Kristin.  He finally opened the door and saw her standing there.  Tye was asleep in his arms and he bent over to take him from her without saying a word.  He accidently brushed her breasts taking Tye from her arms and flushed bright red but tried to pretend that nothing happened.  He turned to go back into the house, still not saying a word to her when Brenda stepped up beside him and stopped him from going inside.  Mara had also come out and she took Tye from his arms and carried him inside.  

"Don't you have something to say to Kristin?"  They both stood there, looking at him.  What did Brenda mean, did she want him to tell her that Brenda knew that he had fucked her.  As far as he knew, Kristin didn't even know it had been him.  He just stood there, not knowing what his wife wanted.

"Tell her thank you for watching Tye."  He was so relieved that was all Brenda wanted him to say that he almost let out a sigh.  "And then invite her in for a few minutes.  I think we need to talk."  His heart dropped. His wife was going to confront Kristin about what had happened between them.  If Kristin didn't know it had been him, she might want to press charges when she found out.  But he still had to do what Brenda said, or she would turn him in.  How had this happened to him?

"Thank you for watching Tye.  Would you like to come in for a few minutes?"

Kristin looked questioningly at Brenda before answering.  Kristin had been a little confused when Brenda asked her to drop Tye off at her mother's house and then come back over, but she was starting to get an idea of what might happen.  Brenda smiled at her and then Kristin smiled back, "I'd love to."  Both women pushed past him, walking back into the house.  He turned slowly, pulling the door closed behind him.  

When he went back into the living room, Brenda and Kristin were sitting on the couch, waiting for him.  Mara came into the room from the hallway leading to Tye's room and took a seat next to Brenda on the couch.  He stood in the entrance to the room, not knowing what to do.  

"Come in, Jim.  I think you still have something to say to Kristin."

Jim walked into the room, moving to sit in one of the chairs that were in the room.

"I don't think so, Jim.  Come stand in front of us."  Kristin looked at Brenda as she commanded her husband to come stand in front of the three women.

He moved to the middle of the room, not knowing what his wife expected of him.

"Kristin, I want to show you something."  She reached behind the couch and pulled out the photos that Bob had given to him.  So she had found them and she hadn't found out from Bob.  He started to get a little hopeful that she didn't know everything.  Brenda handed the photos to Kristin who started flipping through them.  She didn't know before then that Jim had been one of the men who had fucked her before, but it didn't really matter.  Kristin just wanted to see where this was going.  "Did you fuck Jim willingly, or did he rape you?  Did you even know it was him?  It looks like rape to me."

"Kristin, I'm sorry..." Jim began before Brenda cut him off, "Shut up, Jim.  You will speak when I tell you to."

Kristin continued to look at the photos.  It made sense though.  She remembered Bob telling her that she was going to be fucked by one of his partners but she couldn't know who it was.  She remembered that night and way the person on top of her had fumbled around, not able to give her any pleasure as he fucked her.  She wasn't sure what Brenda had planned but she hoped that it would be unpleasant for Jim.  "Mrs. Wilson, I never wanted to get fucked by your husband,  I never even knew it was him so it must have been rape."

Jim couldn't believe it.  He was going to go to jail and lose his family.  He would probably never see his son again.  His legs folded under him and he fell to the floor.  The next thing he knew, the women were helping him up, sitting him in the chair.  He didn't realize they were tying him up again until it was too late.
