The Video Club
by Oblivion

 Herein lies a work of fiction.  It springs forth from this mind of mine,
half formed and in need of shaping, molding and polishing.  In reality
there is only so much I can do in this isolated mind of mine, it takes the
help of others to find the weaknesses and flaws so they can be removed or
strengthened.  This why I need your help.  Good or bad your responses to
what I've written can only help me write better, and that, for me, is my
ultimate goal.  Also, I am looking for a couple of people who would be
willing work with me as editor and proof readers, if you're interested
please let me know.

   Remember, this is fiction, what happens is not real.  In many ways it
should never become real.  It belongs in this realm of make-believe so that
it may entertain and maybe teach us.

   It is my hope that you find enjoyment here and will want to come back. I
know that most of what I've written is unfinished, mostly that is because
without any response from those of you who wander by I lose the drive to
keep working.  A count of hits has no meaning, no substance, just the fact
that someone looked, I don't even know if it was even read?  Your response
entices me, prods me to work.  I would be willing to pick up any of my
works and continue them, but without interest, that will only happen as the
mood strikes me.


Chapter One: 

"Ok, I know I've asked all of you this more than once, but I have to be sure. I've read what you gave me, three times now, and you're sure you still want to do this?" I was standing in my living room with ten twelve year olds, seven girls and three boys. 

Vanessa spoke first, of course. "Dad, I never would have asked you if we weren't sure."

I smiled down at my daughter, "Sprite, I know what you've told me and I believe you, I do, it's just..."

"Mr. Davis, we've been talking about this for weeks, we really have, and when Nessa told us about all the cameras and stuff you have we knew you'd be perfect." Jenna had been Nessa's best friend ever since we had moved into the neighborhood seven years earlier and was here at our house more than at her own it seemed.

"Oh, I know I have the equipment, it's just that this is NOT something that I'd have ever expected to be asked, not by my daughter and her friends."

"Mr. Davis," Jimmy said, "when Solange found that first story and showed it to us, we talked about it. We thought it would be fun to act it all out and stuff but we were still all a bit scared too. But we all agreed that it wasn't gonna be very fun with it just stopping the way it did. And when we found that second story we knew what we wanted, you know, to use the video idea instead. But we knew we didn't really know what to do and all, and, well, Nessa..."

I looked over at my daughter, you know, the one I had thought was still a sweet, innocent little girl.

You know, until she dropped a bombshell in my lap the night before.

***

"Dad, can I ask you something?"

"Sure, Sprite." I was sitting in bed reading as Nessa stood in the open doorway to the hall. It was a normal Friday night, school was out for the summer, my work week was over and the movie we'd watched together was long over. Actually, I'd thought Vanessa had already gone to bed, so I guess things weren't quite as normal as I'd thought.

"Well, I have more than one."

I laughed, I couldn't help it. The look on her face was so sweet. She was all red in the face, her hands were clutched together, fingers crushing each other, she couldn't look me in the eyes and her feet wouldn't stay in one place.

"Sprite, is this about boys?"

"Uh..."

"It's OK, sprite. You can ask, I don't mind. Hell, I'd rather you ask me than find out the wrong things, OK?"

"Dad, it's not just..." She sighed heavily, obviously exasperated with her inability to say what she wanted.

I patted the bed next to me, "Come here Sprite and lets figure out what's on your mind."

"Ok, dad." Then she hesitated. "Dad," she looked over her shoulder a moment then looked back at me. "I'll be right back, OK, I need to get something first."

I nodded my acceptance and she spun around and disappeared down the hall towards her room. Moments later she rushed back into the room carrying a black binder. My heart dropped as I saw it.

Vanessa stopped at the foot of the bed.

"Nessa, how long have you known about that?" I asked.

"Almost two years now."

"THAT" was one of nine binders of pictures that Kathy, my deceased wife and Vanessa's mother, had put together for me after we found out she was dying of cancer. She had been too sick at the time for us to add to them anymore, but what we did have was more than enough to fill far more than just the nine binders. 

"THAT" was a history of Kathy and my adventures in sex.

Sweet, loving, passionate sex.

Dirty, nasty, perverted sex.

Exhibitionist, group, bondage sex.

Swapping, swinging, gang bang sex.

"Nessa, do you know about the tapes?"

"Yeah, I only watched one of them though."

"Which one, Sprite?"

"The one labeled 'Birthday Surprise.'" she replied.

I couldn't help but sigh, relieved that it hadn't been one of the really raunchy ones. Those had been later though, lots later.

I sighed again.

"Come on up, Sprite, it's not like I can put this can of worms away now, can I?"

Her face brightened at that and she actually giggled a bit before climbing up on the bed and up beside me. She set the binder on her lap and looked up at me. 

"Dad, did you and mom really do all that stuff?"

"Yes, Sprite, we did. We did more too, stuff there's no pictures of because no one else was there with us." I laughed, it just came spilling out, along with it I guess I spilled out a lot of tension, tension I thought had long since been gone.

"You stopped because mom got sick, didn't you?"

"Yeah, mostly, we tried a few times, later, you know, but your mom, well, it was just too hard by then. That's when she made these, so I could remember..."

I cried then. 

A while later we were looking through the album and Nessa was asking questions. I was being frank in my answers, it wasn't as if I could refute the evidence right in front of my daughter as she would point at a picture and ask her questions.

She asked what "sex" was, what it wasn't, and why.

It was well after midnight when she dropped the next bomb.

"Dad, how old were you when you first had sex?"

"Sixteen, Sprite, sixteen and horny, and clueless."

"What happened?"

"Well, it was a bright, warm spring day and Cindy, my girlfriend at the time, were walking to her place after school. She lived about two miles up a country road and as we were walking past this huge hay field I pulled her down the hill out of sight of the road. We lay in the hay, kissing and touching for a while and then I started undressing her. She didn't stop me, or even say anything. When she was naked I looked at her, touched and fondled her, and kissed her. I sucked her tits, kissed her eyes, everywhere I could. When I finally slid my hand down to her pussy for the first time I felt the string from the tampon she had in. It didn't stop me though, I'm not sure why Sprite, but it didn't bother me, not at all.

"When Cindy figured out that I wasn't stopping, disgusted and everything, she started getting more involved, instead of just letting me do whatever I wanted. She even started undressing me too. Once I was naked too, I reached down and pulled the tampon out of her and tossed it out of the way. I did notice the brown blood stains on it but there wasn't any fresh blood. Once it was gone she spread her legs and guided me down on top of her, taking my cock and putting it at her pussy.

"Once I was in her, we started and she told me what to do. I know I didn't last long, but she didn't care. We did it twice more in that field before we got dressed and I finished walking her home."

"I like that story dad."

"It's not a story Sprite, it's what happened."

"I know, but I still like it." Nessa snuggled up close to me then, her head on my chest.

We lay like that for a while before she said anything else.

"Dad, my pussy is all squishy, is it OK if I play with it?"

"It's your pussy Sprite, play with it any time you want, well, maybe not "Any" time, but you know what I mean, right."

I felt her shift a little as she slipped one hand down between her legs and she started rocking against me.

"I know dad," she said, a bit breathily. 

Her little moans, shivers and occasional gasps went on for a while, until she let out a long, soft sigh. Her forehead was beaded with sweat and her face and chest, where I could it see, was flushed. The unmistakable aroma of aroused girl was very, very strong, and my cock was quickly growing.

Before that point it hadn't been more than half hard during our discussion and I'd been quite pleased with how well I been reacting to the situation. Now though, I was the one starting to sweat and get flushed.

I'd have to guess, but she must have seen the shift in the covers as I hardened because her head turned as it did.

"Dad, you're hard now, huh."

"Yeah."

"Can I see it?"

"I guess so, you've enough pictures of it so I doubt you're gonna get all freaked out by it."

With that permission given she pulled the covers down my belly and then off my thighs, exposing my cock to her eyes for the first time. I spread my legs some so she could see my balls as well and she cocked her head and watched as my cock and balls moved on their own as the blood and shifting tension moved through them. She seemed fascinated at the motion.

"Does it always move like that?"

"Yeah, as long as nothing else is controlling it."

"OK, but what makes it move like that?"

"Well, you've had the sex-ed class, right?"

"Yeah, but they don't say anything about a cock moving like that."

"OK, but they did tell you that a cock gets hard because it fills with blood, right?"

"Yeah."

"OK, so you know that we all have a pulse, right, and that the heart is what causes that as it pumps blood around the body. Well part of the movement is because part of the cock always wants to shrink and push the blood back into the body so it can be used again. That's why the cock it self moves and jumps around a little. The balls are a bit different though. They mostly want to be at a certain temperature so that they can make and store sperm. Too cold and the production stops, and too hot and the sperm dies."

Nessa nodded her head to show she was following.

"Well, the scrotum, the ball sack, is filled with muscles that can make it smaller, and even pull the balls all the way back up into the body if it needs to to keep things warm enough. If the balls get too warm the muscles will relax and let them go lower, away from the heat of the body, so they can cool off."

"Ahhh... so they move to keep everything just right."

"Yep Sprite, that's it."

"Cool."

She laid there, her head propped up on one hand, watching my cock and balls move until my cock started to soften.

"What's happening dad?"

"Well, a cock won't stay hard forever. If it did the blood in it would go bad and the guy would get pretty sick. It's called blood poisoning and if it gets bad it can kill you."

"We sure don't want that, do we?" She said as my cock shrunk.

Nessa pulled the covers back up over us and pulled the album back over, opening it to a new page.

"Dad, who's taking all these pictures?"

"That depends, the ones that both your mother and I are in were taken by others in the group, if it's just your mom, or just me in the picture, then most often it was either me or her taking them. We always did everything together, even if it was only one of us having sex."

"OK."

She sat up then and started paging through the album and I just watched, waiting for her next questions.

"Dad, did you like having people take these pictures?"

"Yeah Sprite, we both did. We liked having sex in front of people, we liked having the pictures, so we could look at them later when we were alone. It made sex more fun for us, even when it was just the two of us."

"Dad, would you take pictures of me?"

"Naked?" I had to ask.

"Yeah, I think I want to try that too."

"Nessa, I'm not sure that's a good idea. If anyone ever found out about them the least that would happen is me getting arrested, and probably going to prison too."

"I know, but I still want to. Maybe if we made sure to find a much better place to hide them than you did with these..."

"You got me there kid, I thought I'd had these where no one would ever look."

"You're just not sneaky enough dad."

"I guess."

"I still want to..."

I sighed. I knew I'd give in, I just knew it.

"Thanks, dad."

She went back to paging through the album for a while, occasionally asking about one sex act or another, what it felt like and why we wanted to do it. I had to tell her several times that I wasn't going to be able to explain how a lot of it felt, that it took trying things to know what it really felt like and whether she, or anyone, might like it or not.

"Dad, do you read stories about sex?"

"I used to Sprite, but it's been a while."

"Don't you like them, you know, get hard and all that?"

"Nessa, when your mom died it took me a long time before I was interested in sex, at all. I missed her so much, and thoughts of sex with anyone else seemed like I was cheating on her. It was why we moved really, it got to be too hard to see all the friends your mom and I had for all those years being reminded of all the sex and fun we had."

"Uh-huh..."

"Well, after a while I did start getting horny again and I did start reading some stories and watching some videos, but it still felt wrong, well, not wrong, but not right, if that makes any sense."

"I guess I can understand, dad."

"Even when I watched the videos of your mom and I it still felt strange, so after a while I stopped. Now, I guess it's been three or four years now since the last time."

"Well, some of my friends have been passing some stories around that they found. Some of them are pretty cool and it makes my pussy all squishy when I read them, some seem pretty lame though."

I chuckled at her choice of words... lame.

"That's nothing new Sprite, writing is harder than most people think and sex stories are even harder I think. It's hard to write about things that make people feel so differently, I mean that you can't ever really explain how an orgasm feels, you know, and how if someone hasn't ever felt one it doesn't matter how many words you use, they still won't understand."

"Uh-huh, I know I like it lots when I play with my pussy, and it feels so nice and all that."

"Sprite, I'd be willing to bet that as nice as you think it is, it's not as nice as it could be. There's a world of difference between masturbation and real sex, you know."

"Mm-hmm, I kind of figured that out already dad."

"That's good Sprite, but don't get in too much of a hurry either, life has a way of pushing us along faster than we want as it is and it won't hurt to let some things wait a while."

"Umm, I guess."

"So, are we done Sprite?"

"Well, I did kind of want to show you one of the stories I like, if it's OK."

"Sure, go get it then."

Nessa scrambled out of the bed and out the door, returning moments later with a small sheaf of paper. She crawled back under the covers with me and handed the story to me.

I took it and started reading as she moved the covers to expose my cock again. I stopped reading and looked down at her.

"I want to watch it some more, is it OK, dad?"

I shrugged and went back to the story.

The story was pretty well written, about a group of teenagers already bored with their summer vacation. The mixed group of kids started by playing some truth or dare and between them figured out they were all virgins, then the dares to expose themselves started, nothing more than some mostly innocent fun, until they got interrupted by parental units coming home.

The next day the mixed group of boys and girls escalated things by playing a straight strip game that left all but one of them mostly naked for most of the day. The story was well written enough that you could get a sense of the excitement of the kids, and the envy of the one that was now feeling left out because she was dressed while all the others were near naked.

The rest of the story told of two of the girls figuring out some rules for the club they wanted to start with the group, when they would all lose their virginity, expose themselves in public ways and experiment with sex.

That's where it ended. 

It seemed obvious to me that was where the author had found he, or she, couldn't figure out how to make the story plausible and so stopped. Probably more frustrated than any of his readers.

"Well Sprite, this kind of leaves things hanging, doesn't it?"

"Yeah, some of my friends have said they kind of want to act this out and stuff, but are kind of scared too, you know."

"Well, I can imagine that it could be pretty scary to think about actually doing some of this for the first time. I know a lot of what your mom and I did was like that, the first time could be hard, not knowing what it would be like for real instead of just talking about it. Especially when we were planning to do it with new people."

"Uh-huh, that's what we thought too."

"Nessa, 'We'? Just who is in this 'we'?"

Her hands shot over her mouth and she turned the brightest shade of red I've ever seen as she started to stammer out a reply.

I placed a finger over her mouth and shh'd her.

"Nessa, have you told anyone, or shown them the albums?"

"No." Her eyes were focused on the bed in front of her.

"Have you mentioned me in any way?"

"Well..."

"Nessa?"

"I... well, I told a couple of my friends that I thought I could ask you about some of it."

"So, that's what this has all been about?"

"Yeah." She whispered.

"And I bet you thought you couldn't just come out and ask me, didn't you?"

She nodded her head.

"And I bet you thought I wouldn't like it if I knew the truth either."

She nodded again.

"Baby," I said as I reached over and lifted her chin so I could see her eyes. "Baby, the only thing I'm at all upset about is that you didn't trust me. Have I ever refused to answer any question you've asked?"

"No..."

"But you thought because this was about sex that would change."

"Yeah, I..." She stopped and took a deep breath, "I thought that you'd think I was still too young, and that... that..."

"I'd get mad."

She nodded again, tears forming in the corners of her eyes.

"Baby, tell me the rest."

"The Rest" came spilling out. It turned out that there were around four or five stories that the group had been passing around. each with it's own ideas of how a small group of friends would learn about sex and more from each other, or from an older guy. The real shock for me was how this group of her friends had latched on to an idea of them combining these stories and not just acting them out, but making videos of it as they did.

***

"Dad, we know we don't know enough, but that's why we want to do this, so we can learn. And have a lot of fun while we do."

"Oh, I don't doubt that for a second Sprite." I said as I chuckled. "But, this is serious too, it has to be because we, mostly me, could get into an awful lot of trouble if we ever got found out. Hell, even talking about this now could get me arrested."

"Mr. Davis," Solange started. She looked at a loss for words for a moment then she stood up and started pulling her clothes off. "Mr. Davis, I want to do this," she unbuttoned and shoved her shorts down her legs, "more than I know how to tell you, so..." she paused as she pulled her shirt over her head, revealing her bare chest to the room, "so... here's my proof," as she pushed her panties down, "that I know what I want." She finished by kicking off her shoes and tugging off her socks, then standing naked in front of all her friends, and me.

I guess that broke the ice, each of the kids stood and stripped, one after the other, until there were ten naked kids standing in my living room.

I looked them over noting the variations. They were all twelve but some were still older than others, like Solange, I knew from years past that she was oldest and would be turning thirteen if a few weeks. I knew Jimmy was youngest having just had his twelfth birthday in May. Some of the girls had some pretty well developed breasts, most just had soft mounds that barely protruded from their chest. The boys all were hard, their cocks sticking out in front of them, none more than four or so inches in length. There was a smattering of hair on pubic regions, both girls and boys, but it was all sparse, mostly confined to the area right over the pubic bone on each. One of the boys was still bald, and so were three of the girls.

"Alright, I guess I can believe that you're all serious."

That got me a bunch of nodded heads and a few affirmative noises.

"OK, does anyone have any ideas on how you want this to happen?"

