Tucker, me and my wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My brother-in-law was horny. My sister had just given birth and he had not had any sex for a long time. He had seen me blow our servant eight years ago when he had just got married and since then he had blackmailed me into giving him an occasional blowjob whenever he desired. I had to swallow his bitter sperm. This continued even when I got older and got married.

So here we were, in my bedroom as he fucked my mouth raw with his bareback black 10-inch uncut cock. My wife, dead drunk from the party we just had, was lying next to me. Tucker, my brother-in-law, was straddling me over the chest. This was the first time he had cornered me into giving him a blowjob right in my own bedroom, my wife just inches away from his thick, hairy black thighs. I had just fucked my drunken wife and she lying there naked. My cum still leaking from her drunker, wasted pussy.

Tucker whispered to me, hovering his throbbing giant black cock over my parted hungry lips, "Can I put it in her mouth?" I said no. He said, "Just a little...okay I will only rub the head of my cock on her lips..." I had no choice...I was the victim. He got off my chest and straddled my wife. He was large enough to straddle her and she wouldn't be aware of it. I saw as he rubbed the precum coated shiny black cock over her slightly parted lips. He squeezed the root of his fat cock and dribbled a heavy string of transparent, thick, gluey precum straight down my wife's throat. I sighed with a little jealousy and my wife smacked her lips savoring his hot, delicious prefuck manjuice. Then Tucker peeled his thick wrinkled foreskin back and pushed his four-inch wide purple and slippery cock head inside my wife's mouth.

"Stop," I shouted in a whisper but three inches of Tucker's black meat were already inside my wife's mouth. I know nothing would rouse her from her drunken blackout but still...Tucker can't fuck my wife's mouth with his horsecock like that. Anyway, he fucked her a few strokes and grinning like a cat that just got some cream, returned to me. He rammed his entire meat in my mouth sending me gagging...but he loved it. Just then, my wife stirred and threw away the blanket covering her naked body. It was getting hot in there anyway. Tucker feasted his eyes on my wife's lovely lumps and traced a finger along her pussy slit (still flooded with my creamy sperm) even as I sucked on his monster. As he slid one and then two and finally three fat black fingers in my wife's spunked cunt, his cock jerked and enlarged a little more.

Tucker whispered to me, again hovering his giant black cock over my mouth, "Can I rub my cock on her pussy?" I again said no and he said, "Just a little...okay I will only rub her pussy lips thrice..." I looked up and looked away.

He got off me and pulled my wife's legs apart. My heart shrank from the fear of her waking up. But she didn't. Tucker placed her creamy white legs over his broad black shoulders and positioned his long and thick black cock over her tiny pussy slit. He rubbed it along the slit and as her had promised he only rubbed thrice but the third time, his pushed his cock in just as he was rubbing it down and with a wet sound of phachak his black meat impaled my wife on it easily. My wife's pussy, slicked with my cum was already prepared for such an onslaught and his black cock, though giant had been lubed up by my saliva.

It was the first time, I had ever seen my wife with another man. And a man who was only mine so far. I was jealous. I wanted to offer my manpussy to Tucker but he was blinded by my wife's sexy hairy bushy pussy. He fucked her inches away from my face and the smells of their sex - his cock and her pussy - hit me like a poisoned dagger. I saw her pink pussy lips clinging to his black shaft as he pulled out after each strong thrust. Tucker fucked my wife for twenty minutes and then emptied his black seed deep inside her pussy. Then he was over me again, "Asshole, suck me clean." And I sucked my brother-in-law's cock clean. Just as he was leaving he informed me, "Quickly clean her pussy with your mouth, asshole, I am gonna send Dick for a helping too." I did as I was told and patiently waited from Dick, Tucker's brother, to make an appearance. I had anyway lusted after his 11-inch black uncut man meat!

The end.