T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 69

Somewhere between the emotion of feeling so puny among the much taller and developed teenagers, and the fervor of being so needed, if only because I was willing to act while totally naked, I blurted out, "I'll do it!" Almost immediately, I wished I could take back those words, but the warm acclamations from the older teenage actors, put me at ease.

Having committed to performing in the play, also meant I was now committed to remaining naked for the entire week. I was uncertain how to feel about that, but for now, I decided to savor the moment. Sharon and the actors all towered above me, but I started feeling more like an young adult, rather than a little kid.

Connie and Kevin suggested we go through one act of the play, since we were already in costume, so to speak. We decided to start with "Act III", where the young nudist first met a group of teenagers. She was being led by the woman from the camp office, to a cabin that was occupied by three girls her age, and their camp chaperone.

No one actually rehearsed their parts in the play. We all performed our roles in, 'Act III", based on our own individual reading of the script. When we were finished the first unofficial rehearsal of the play, everyone looked at each other with such excitement, as we all knew we had something special here.

We went through "Act III", one more time, then Sharon and I were invited to join the others, as they went to tell Lauren the good news. Her play was finally going to come to fruition, live on the campground's outdoor theatre stage. Sharon told me she wanted to let our mother know where we would be. Ever the big sister, and concerned about my welfare, She invited Kevin and the other boy, Tony, to take the walk with her. They happily agreed, and the three of them walked back in the direction of our cabin.

Left with the four well developed teenage girls, I stood there feeling dwarfed, as they thanked me for agreeing to play the role of the young nudist, in the play. As we headed down the path toward the pool and office areas, I started feeling apprehensive about my decision. After walking about fifty feet, I suddenly heard one of the girls say, "Tell me Kelly's first little crop of pubic hair isn't precious", as she smiled down at me. The other girls all smiled in agreement, as my naked little body became the focal point of their attention.

Before arriving at the pool, we took a turn down a dirt path, I had not been on before. I could see an opening ahead of us, when Connie said, "Lauren should be at the soccer field by now". We continued to the opening, then stepped into the clearing. My heart dropped as I saw what came into view. The soccer field had dozens of little girls wearing yellow T-shirts and green shorts. There were four little daisy troops, playing in two separate soccer games, simultaneously. It wasn't long before they spotted me.

I was first noticed by only a few girls, as I discreetly hid behind the teenagers, hoping they wouldn't notice I was panic-stricken by the five year old girls.We made our way over to Lauren, as she was instructing the girls playing in one of the games, while Stephanie was coaching the girls in the other. As more and more of the girls noticed I was naked, they stopped playing and started staring at me. I was petrified they would degrade me again, in front of my fellow actors.

The laughing and finger pointing started with only a few girls, but the others would all soon jump in. Another of the teenage girls noticed I was frozen with fear, and said, "Come on Kelly. You can't be afraid of a few little girls". Not being an eye witness to my two prior encounters with the little terrors, she could not have know the level of degradation they were capable of thrusting on me.

Having witnessed the girls debasement of me for herself, Lauren took a stand. "GIRLS!...SILENCE!", she called out, in a tone that could not have been mistaken as a casual request. All twenty four girls stopped dead in their tracks, and never uttered another word. Lauren waved us over to where she was standing. "Kelly! Does this mean you're going to perform in the play, sweetheart ?", she asked, obviously noticing I was with four of the campground actors.

Trying to ignore the twenty four little demons, I focused on her comforting face, and replied, "Yes", still apprehensive, as the five year old girls were eerily silent. Sharon and the two male teenage actors arrived at the soccer field. She looked around, then down at me, and said, "I see your fan club has grown", as she laughed. I kept silent, afraid any sign of weakness would ignite another firestorm of laughing, finger pointing and ridicule.


T-shirt for sale. Part 70

Lauren smiled with excitement, then told me she would catch up with me after soccer practice, to go over my part in the play. I agreed, and we all left the field and headed for the pool area. Being a full head shorter than Sharon and the campground actors, not to mention being totally naked, made me feel bit inconsequential, even though everyone was so thrilled I had decided to act in the play. We arrived at the pool area to see many more people were now out and about. I could feel the adrenaline running through my veins again, accompanied by an ominous feeling of dread.

It finally occurred to me, it was Sunday. The day many of the families would be checking out, while many others would be checking in, for their week long stay at the campground. The idea that an entire new audience would be seeing my naked body, was both exhilarating and intimidating at the same time. An unbearable sense of shame came over me, as Bruce walked out of the office with an incoming family in tow. It was 'Brenda', (from my school) with her parents and two younger twin brothers. Brenda took one look at me, and shrieked, "KELLY ! WHY ARE YOU NAKED ?" All eyes turned to my little naked body, as I was unable to respond.

Afraid I might change my mind about performing in the play, due to the obvious and overwhelming sense of shame and humiliation thrusted on me by Brenda's question, and the tone in which it was asked, Connie started to speak. Before she could get a syllable out, Brenda's mom stepped in and said, "Brenda! Don't you dare be "Rude or Intolerant", young lady! Bruce just explained to us there was a young nudist staying here". "But mom! I didn't know it would be Kelly!", Brenda argued. "No matter dear", Brenda's mom continued, in a reserved tone. "It doesn't matter that you know her, Brenda. Kelly, is a practicing nudist, and you should respect her life choices".

Brenda's mom then turned to me, and said, "Hello Kelly. It's nice to meet you", as she reached out her hand to shake mine. I took her hand, but was only able to mumble, "Nice to meet you too". Then her father acknowledged me, and said, "Brenda. How about your mother and I take your brothers to get the cabin ready, while you spend time catching up with your friend here?" Her mother nodded in agreement, as Brenda and her eight year old twin brothers just stood there, gawking at my naked body.

Before I knew what was going on, Brenda's family started walking away toward their cabin, leaving her behind with me. With her eight year old brothers, still looking back to get a last minute glimpse of my tiny patch of pubic hair, or maybe it was my erect nipples that adorned my barely visible breasts, either way I didn't know, but I found myself petrified to look in Brenda's direction. As I contemplated looking in her direction, I suddenly felt her warm breath on the back of my neck, as she whispered in my ear, "Kelly. I know what this is all about. I had my first orgasm three weeks ago, and have many more since".

I was frozen in fear, as she continued, "Kelly. You don't need to expose yourself like this to be aroused. You just need to imagine in your mind, the circumstances that allow you to make yourself cum. Don't worry Kelly. I'll show you how". Still petrified to look in her direction, I listened, as she continued. "Why don't you take me for a tour of the campground, so we can get reacquainted?", she said, as she took my hand and led my naked ass away from Sharon and the Campground actors. I was unable to even speak, as I allowed Brenda to pull me away from my sister, and those who I had come to trust concerning my "Oh So Public Nudity".

I turned back toward Sharon and asked, "Are you coming?' with a look of desperation on my face. She just gave me another sinister grin, and replied, "No Kelly. You two kids go on and have fun", as she winked. We weren't twenty feet away when Brenda asked, still clutching my hand, "So Kelly. What's all this Nudist crap about?' I was trapped in the persona of being a nudist, and had no other option but to play out the role for the next week. I quietly replied, "Deep down I know I am a true nudist, so my mom brought me here so I could explore the lifestyle in safety. Brenda was from our neighborhood, and was in the grade above me at school. She was 13, about to turn 14, so her breasts and hips had developed more than mine. It's amazing what a year can do to the figure of an adolescent girl.

What Brenda would say next, absolutely floored me. "Well Kelly, deep down I know I'm a lesbian. Seems to me we can help each other out. I'll see to it you get to expose your pussy and nipples, to everyone new who arrives at the campground, and you let me eat your pussy after you have exposed and humiliated yourself into a sexual frenzy". I was stunned! Finally, I managed to murmur, "That's not why I'm a nudist". Kelly led me off the trail and into the woods. She turned me around, facing her, then knelt down and looked up to me.

"I know your getting aroused displaying this adorable little pussy in public, along with your priceless fresh crop of pubic hair. That's why your nipples are perpetually erect", she said, as she turned her gaze, to my now soaking wet pussy. I started to tremble when she looked back up to me, and asked, "Kelly. Can I please just have a little taste ?" Having completely lost control of my senses, and all perception of propriety, I spread my thighs and pulled Brenda's face against crotch. She immediately found my clitoris with her tongue, and licked it for a few seconds. I thought I might explode right there, only yards from the main trail of the campground.

Brenda jumped up, much to my disappointment, looked into my eyes, and said, "Kelly. We need to find a private place where we can meet up during the week". "I think I know just the place, I replied. "Come with me". The two of us walked the hundred or so yards, down to the stables. Doris was brushing a horse that was tied in the stable aisle, as we walked in. She turned toward us and said, "Well hello Kelly. Who's your friend ?" This Is Brenda. She lives near us, and go to my school", I replied. "Well Brenda, any friend of Kelly's is a friend of mine. What brings you two down here?", she asked. I replied, "Nothing", but Doris knew something was up.

She never mentioned anything about me being a nudist, or commented on me being totally naked. Doris didn't treat me any differently, than if I were fully clothed. I loved that about her. She went on to inquire, as she asked, "So what brings two beautiful young girls down to this smelly stable, on such a beautiful morning?", as she continued brushing the horse. "Nothing really", I replied. "We just wanted to get away from my older sister, and Brenda's younger brothers for a while", looking to Brenda for any input at all. "Ah Yes. Siblings", Doris responded. "I can see how you two might need a little space and time, away from your families for just a bit.

Doris then stopped brushing the horse and turned to us, with her left hand resting on the horses back. She looked both of us over, then said, "None of the horses are ready to go out yet girls, but if you two want, I have some old bridles in the tack room that need to be cleaned". She walked past us, then led us to the tack room in the far corner of the stable. The door creaked as she opened it, and stepped inside. Brenda and I followed her in. It was a small but clean room, with saddles and bridles sitting on their stands and hooks fastened to a wall, while along another wall, blue, red and yellow ribbons and trophies, were displayed. Best of all, it had an old sofa!

Doris picked up some old bridles from a box in the corner that were covered in dust, and obviously not used for sometime. "These will need to be cleaned eventually", Doris said, "There's no rush, but if you two will spend a little time cleaning them, you can use this room to get away from your siblings, as long as it's alright with your parents", she continued. "You mean it?" I exclaimed, then making a feeble attempt at reversing my excitement. Doris looked down at Brenda and I, and replied. "Well. Since you are both girls, I don't see any harm in a little experimentation". She walked out of the tack room, saying, "Use the lock on the door please....And keep it down! I'm running a business here!"


T-shirt for sale. Part 71

Brenda quickly locked the tack room door and we spent the next hour experimenting (As Doris had put it) with our sexuality. I won't get into any of the details, but I will say this, we both exited the tack room with smiles of satisfaction plastered across our faces. When we entered the stable aisle, we noticed Doris was now surrounded by some new campers. There were about twelve kids, ten years old or so, accompanied by four adults. Doris seemed to have forgotten we were back in the tack room, and quickly asked, "How's the bridle cleaning coming girls ?" We both said, "Good. Almost done", as we were now under inspection, from this group of new arrivals to the campground.

One of the women in the group spotted me , then quickly walked up to Brenda and I. "You must be Kelly!", she exclaimed. "I know that because you're naked", she continued. Everyone seemed stunned, as an awkward silence came over the group, and all those in the stable. All eyes could not have been anywhere else, except focused on the twelve year old naked girl standing there, wearing nothing but her sneakers. A sense of paranoia came over me, as I became concerned that my sticky pubic hair, and slightly pink and puffy pussy lips (brought on by Brenda's enthusiasm, as we shared our first lesbian experience together) might be noticed by the crazed woman. Worse yet, brought to the attention of the others.

The woman introduced herself as "Brandy", then reached out to shake my hand, as she said, "It's a pleasure to me you, Kelly", with continued exuberance. I stood there in silence, shaking the hand of a woman who seemed to be a bit unhinged. I mean really. Who would approach a twelve year old naked girl, a stranger no less (nudist or not) and bring her nudity to the attention of others in such a public and dramatic fashion? Who would do that ?" The woman then took my other hand, and said, "Let me get a look at you", as she examined my naked frame, up and down. Unable to cover my vagina, I was frozen with fear. I thought the evidence of my first lesbian experience, might be noticed, then broadcasted to everyone there. I felt so ashamed.

"I'm sorry for being so forward, Kelly, but when I heard there was a young nudist girl staying here at the campground, I just had to meet you. You see, we're here for a progressive retreat, to allow twelve young boys and girls to find their inner selves. As soon as I heard about you, I thought how wonderful it would be, if you would give our group a little presentation", Brandy continued. "A presentation?", I asked, complete befuddled by the woman's request. "Yes sweetheart. A little talk about what 'Nudism' is, and why you have chosen it as a lifestyle", she replied.

Everything happened so fast. It was less than a minute, and I was still trying to comprehend this unfortunate turn of events, when the unthinkable happened. Brandy noticed my slightly swollen pussy lips and sticky pubic hair. She looked at Brenda, then leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Don't worry Sweetheart. It will be our little secret", as she winked at both of us. I had been at the campground for barely two days, and now had two adult women, keeping my orgasms, 'Our Little Secret'. So Kelly. You'll give the group a small presentation about 'Nudism' ?" , She inquired. 'I WAS TRAPPED'! If I said, "No", she may make public my lesbian encounter with Brenda. If I said "Yes", I had to give a speech about 'Nudism', in front of twelve kids and four adults, all complete strangers, while completely naked.

Just then, Doris walked up and said, "Brandy...Kelly's just a young girl, experimenting with nudism for the first time. I think we should give her a little time to think about it. What do you say?" Brady replied, "Of course, Doris". By this time everyone had made their way down the aisle, and were encircling us. Brandy then turned to me and said, "Kelly. How about you taking the boys and girls for a tour of the campground. I'm sure they would learn more about the nudist lifestyle without all of us adults hanging around". Thinking it would be better than giving a speech, while naked, about something I really didn't know anything about, I agreed.

Brenda took the opportunity to make her 'Get Away', and said, "Kelly. I have to help my parents and brothers set up our campsite. I'll catch up with you later", as she made her way to freedom. Brandy told me the five boys and seven girls, were all between the ages of eight and ten. She introduced me to them and the other three adults, but there were too many names to remember. Anxious to get away from the utter humiliation of the encounter, I looked down at the twelve fully dressed prepubescents, and said, "You guys ready?" They all replied "Yes", as Brandy told me the location of their campsite, so I could get them all back.

Barely outside the the gate leading to the stable, it occurred to me. Less than two hours ago I was surrounded by seven (including my sister Sharon) fully developed, fully clothed teenagers, that were all a full head taller than me. Now I was surrounded by twelve fully clothed prepubescent kids, that were all at least six inches shorter than me. In between, I had been brought to orgasm by Brenda, during my first lesbian encounter. I must admit, I felt more in control and less embarrassed, in the company of the twelve kids, than the seven teenagers. That was until the questions started coming.

I decided to take the kids to the lake first. It was close and they could see the canoes and other activities available there. Since it was Sunday morning, I felt most people using the lake at this time, would be those who were already at the campground, and going to be leaving later that day. Those people had already seen me naked somewhere in the last two days. The new arrivals were probably setting up their campsites and cabins for the week. I figured the twelve kids with me, were probably going to be the only fresh supply of humiliation, I would have to endure. Believe me. They supplied plenty.


T-shirt for sale. Part 72

We arrived at the lake to find few people there. Of course my cousin Cathy had to be there, with her two year old twins, and Aunt Barbara was still looking for something through her binoculars, seemingly in the same location she had been standing on Friday afternoon, two days before. When she noticed me walking across the beach totally naked, with twelve kids behind me, she aimed her binoculars at me, and said, "Well Kelly. I see your mother took my advise". I told the twelve to remain where they were, then walked up to Aunt Barbara, and asked, "What advise?" She replied, "Your mother was so upset Friday, that I had to remind her of her younger days. I explained your were just experimenting with nudism, the way she had done, when she was young. I told her she should let you express yourself. Knowing Lauren and Bruce would not disapprove and give their O.k.. she agreed".

In an attempt to conceal my indignation with her for butting in, I just murmured, "Great. Thanks Aunt Barbara". She replied, "Your welcome dear. Now run along and play", looking through her binoculars, completely oblivious to my plight, while treating me as if I was still six years old. Cathy walked over with the twins, looked down at me, then said, in a tone laced with sarcasm, "Good morning Kelly, my little nudist cousin. Holding a 'Nudist Lifestyle Class' for your little friends over there?', as she chuckled. "Something like that", I replied, adding my own level of irony to the tone of my reply.

The twelve kids walked over to us, as the smallest (an eight year old little girl) took my hand, and asked, "Excuse me, Naked Lady. Aren't you supposed to be showing us around?" Set back by the question, I started fumbling, while looking for an answer, when a ten year old girl from the group, said, "Natalie! She's not a Naked Lady. She's a Nudist, and her name is Kelly". Cathy had to restrain from laughing out loud, and said, "Yes Naked Lady. Aren't you supposed to be showing them around?" I sneered at Cathy, and replied to the group, "Yes. So lets move on". As we walked away, Cathy called out, "Excuse me Naked Lady. Will you be joining us for lunch at the 'Mess Tent' ?", no longer being discreet, and laughing out loud.

I didn't reply as I led the twelve kids away from the lake area and back toward the stables. We passed the stables, and headed up to the General Store when one of the boys asked, "Kelly. Are you allowed in the store, since you're naked ? Before I could answer, another one of the boys said, "I've never seen a girl's vagina in real life before". I thought I would die of embarrassment, as I could hear the snickers from the entire group. Knowing I had to keep my composure, or be eaten alive by the twelve younger kids, I suddenly turned, stood with my feet over a foot apart, then put my hands on my hips and stared at them.

Allowing all of them to focus on, and study my naked anatomy, or just plain gawk at my erect nipples and exposed pussy, seemed to be the only way to curve the sense of impropriety, and satisfy their curiosity, even if it felt naughty, yet brazen. I counted to ten in my head before I spoke. "Now look you guys. Nudism is the belief or practice of going nude in social settings that is part of a conscience choice of lifestyle". As I attempted to stare them down, while on full display, I was thankful Doris had a dictionary, along with some other books in the tack room. Brenda thought it would be a good idea to better understand 'Naturism' as it was defined in the dictionary, if I was going to have to explain my nudity over and over again, to strangers all week.

The twelve kids just continued to stare at me, when I turned, and said, "Let's go". Just as I was about to take them to the store to meet Beth, Brandy and the other three adults from their group appeared before us. Brandy said, with a huge smile across her face, "Kelly! That was awesome! That's exactly the type of education I was hoping these young minds might encounter, by spending time with you". "If she only knew", I thought to myself. The other three nodded in agreement, as they all stepped aside to let us pass.

As we walked up the stairs to the porch of the General Store, one of the men called out, saying, "Now you kids listen to Kelly. She's like a grownup". CAN YOU BELIEVE IT ? LIKE A GROWNUP ! What could be more condescending than that? I guess all you have to do to be a grownup with these people, is to take off all your clothes in a a public setting! I started to think I would have been better off if I had declined, and Brandy had announced through the campground intercom system, "Now hear this everyone! Brenda has just brought Kelly to an orgasm in the tack room, down at the stables! Give them both a big hand of applause !"

I looked around for Sharon, hoping for assistance out of my predicament. She and the teenage actors were nowhere in sight. I just rolled my eyes and led the kids into the store. We entered the store and the group walked around checking the place out, as Beth greeted me. "Hello Kelly. I heard you were chaperoning an incoming group of children. Quite a responsibility for one so young", she said. I took no offence to her words, but rather was happy someone recognized that I was just a kid myself. Even if I was true nudist, as opposed to being someone pretending to be one, due to multiple circumstances that seemed to pile up on me over the last two days, I was still only twelve!

I heard the store door opened, and for once I didn't even flinch. I didn't care who was coming in to see my naked body, among the clothed patrons. I didn't even care if it was the Daisy Troop. "Bring it on!" I was thinking to myself, as I turned to see it was my mom. I ran up to her, and said, "Hi mom. If you need me to come back and help at the cabin, I will". Her reply was nothing short of deflating. "Oh no sweetheart. Everyone has heard how you're taking this young group of campers under your wing, and showing them how a person of 'Real Conviction' behaves. We are all so proud of you honey. I just stopped by to pay Beth for the eggs. Now you have fun with your new friends, and I'll see you back at the cabin later".

With that, all hope to free myself from the twelve kids, had disappeared. I rounded them up and said, "Let's continue the tour of the campground kids", in a tone with so little sarcasm that only I new I was being facetious. I just wanted to get the campground tour over, so I could return them to their campsite. "Next stop...The pool!", I boldly said, as I led them from the store. We were passing the office, on our way to the pool, when Doris walked out the office door. "Oh Kelly. Do you have a moment?", she asked. We stopped, then Doris took my hand, and led me about ten feet away from the kids.

She leaned over, and said, "Brenda wanted me to tell you to meet her in the tack room at 3:00 if you can", as she winked at me. I think the reason Doris was being so compliant concerning my little rendezvous' with Brenda was, she felt two young girls, barely into puberty, exploring their sexuality, was safer than me running around naked in the woods, with my three guy friends. I thanked her, then told her to let Brenda know, I would do everything I could to meet her at 3:00. I gave Doris a hug, then continued marching my twelve little friends to the pool.

We stopped by the pool area, and all twelve kids ran up to the fence and looked in at the pool. It seemed it was the first time anyone of them had seen an inground pool. At least one they were going to be able to use. Bruce came over to us, and said, "Hi Kelly. Lauren told me about you deciding to perform in the play. She's so excited and grateful. I just wanted you to know that". I simply replied, "Thanks". He then said, "She and I are making sure one of us is at the office for check ins today. This way we can explain to the incoming guests that we have a young nudist staying with us this week".

I saw an opportunity, then quickly responded, "If anyone has a problem with me being nude, I can put some clothes on. I mean....I don't want to cause any trouble". Bruce immediately replied, "Oh no Kelly. Not only has anyone not showed concerns, but once they find out you are of such a tender age, everyone has been more than supportive of your lifestyle choice". Disappointed, I just put on my best 'Fake' smile, and said, "See you later", as I led the group around the pool, and up the path towards the soccer fields and outdoor theatre.

Even though it looked like I was going to be compelled to remain naked for the entire week, I found solace thinking about Brenda. I was in a sort of daydream when we reached a point of being away from everyone, both eyesight and earshot, almost to the soccer field trail. That's when one of the ten year old boys stopped, and asked in a demanding tone, "O.k. Kelly. What's the real reason you're letting everyone see your nipples, ass and pussy?" "What?", I replied in horror. "You know....Did you lose a bet....Are you being punished....Or are you just a Slut?", he continued. I was traumatized, and they all knew it.


T-shirt for sale. Part 73

I turned to the 'Smart Ass" ten year old boy, and said, "What is your name?" He gave me a snide look, then in a contemptuous tone, replied, "Alex". "Well Alex. Brandy and the others are going to hear how rude and disrespectful you have been", I said, trying to be as authoritative as one can be, when only two years older than her nemesis, and totally naked. "Go ahead. Tell them. They won't believe you", he replied, in an obstinate tone. One of the girls looked at me, and said, "He's right Kelly. They won't. They never believe any of us when we tell them what Alex is really like".

I knew I had to maintain my composure, now that I realized what Alex was like, and could see how he intimidated the others in the group. He gave me another snide look, then said, "Well Kelly. You didn't answer my question. Did you lose a bet, or are you flaunting your pussy in front of everyone, because you're a slut ?" I couldn't believe these words were coming from the ten year old boy's mouth, and was taken completely off guard. Truth be told, I was crumbling emotionally, yet he continued, "Why don't you turn around and bend over, so I can check out your ass and pussy from a different perspective. After all, you have nice stiff nipples, but no tits", he said.

Again I was horrified, and completely out of my element. Natalie came to my side, took my hand, then yelled at Alex, saying, "Leave the Naked Lady alone Alex, I like her!", as she squeezed my hand. Alex looked directly at my pussy, and said, "I like her too, Natalie", as he started to smack his lips. ENOUGH WAS ENOUGH! I walked up to Alex and shoved him, saying, "Alex. I am twelve years old! I can Kick your ass and no one would think anything about it! So if you don't want to be known across the campground as the boy who got his ass kicked by a naked girl, you better wise up!", as I shoved him so hard, he fell down on his ass.

"NOW!. Get in line Alex, or I will kick your ass! Understand!", I said, as the rest of the group looked as though they had just been liberated from the claws of a tyrant. Alex's eyes started to get watery, as he sat on the ground, surrounded by the rest of the group. An overwhelming sense of empathy came over me, so I told the others to continue on the path to the outdoor theatre, and Alex and I would catch up.

"What's your problem ?", I asked him". "I've been in three foster homes Kelly, and no one has ever stood up to me before. I'm used to getting my way, well... by being a jerk", he replied. I reached out my hand to help him up, and said, "Alex. Jerks end up being lonely". He took my hand, but was unable to restrain himself, and asked, "Can I grab your ass?", as he snickered. I slapped him on the back of his head, saying, "Try it. Alex....I dare you to try it", as we both laughed, and walked toward the outdoor theatre, to meet the others. "Kelly". he said, almost like a question, while we were walking. "What Alex" , I replied. "What should I do next? You know. To try and fit in ?"

I was walking up the trail with Alex, completely naked, with just my small patch of pubic hair covering my fresh young pussy, yet I felt like I was meant for this moment. "Alex. Who are you closest with of the four people that brought you and the others here?" He didn't have to think about it. "Christopher! I'm closest to Christopher", he replied. "Well....If I were you Alex, I would ask Christopher to go horseback riding, just the two of you, and let him know what's been bothering you, and what you have been through. I bet, he'll be the one to help you get on the right path", I replied.

Alex stopped, turned in my direction, then hugged me. He held my naked body so tight, I wasn't sure if he was just trying to get a piece, or needed someone to comfort him. I decided it was the latter, but remained vigilant as he held on to my bare flesh. He finally released me, looked at my nipples, before working his eyes up to my face, and said. "Thanks Kelly". I was feeling pretty emotional as he let me go, so allowed him to step back and take in every inch of my slim, naked body. He started from our eye to eye contact, made his way down to my large, erect nipples, then to my belly button, and finally to my now moist pussy, covered only by my sparse pubic hairs. I was becoming so aroused, I said to Alex, "O.k. That's enough. We need to meet the others".

Alex and I reached the clearing by the outdoor theatre. I was shocked at what I was seeing. All eleven kids had stripped off all their clothes, and were running around on the stage, completely naked. I ran toward the stage, yelling, "What are you doing? Put your clothes back on!". I was in panic mode when out of nowhere, Brandy and the other adults from their group, walked up from the direction of the cabins and campsites. The four adults looked at the eleven children that were in my care. They were dancing around on the outdoor theatre stage, totally naked.

I ran to the stage, and said, "Guys. What are you doing? Please. Put your clothes back on". As I pleaded with the eleven naked kids, I was suddenly accompanied by Brandy. Now standing next to me, she looked at the children with a big smile on here face, and asked, "Hey guys. What inspired you take off your clothes ?" I was petrified to hear what they might say. Little Natalie was the first to walk to the edge of the stage. Wearing nothing but a smile, she recited what she had heard from me earlier, "Nudism is the belief or practice of going nude in social settings that is part of a conscience choice of life style". Who would have thought this sweet little girl had a photographic memory.

Delighted by Natalie's response, Brandy re-asked here question. "Natalie, sweetheart. How come everyone took their clothes off ? Adorable little Natalie, totally smooth and hairless, but with great confidence, looked down from the stage to Brandy and I, and said, "We got naked so Kelly didn't feel alone". Brandy eyes welled up with tears, as she looked at the other naked children, then to me with an expression of benevolence, and said, "I knew you were the one to free the wonderful spirits of these children. While I was wiping my own tears way, I noticed Alex walking up to Christopher. I didn't hear him say anything, but I could tell Christopher and Alex would be addressing Alex's issues, at the campground this week. For the first time since Friday afternoon, I didn't feel naked.


T-shirt for sale. Part 74


While Brandy and I were having our moment, watching the younger kids running around on the stage, totally naked, without a care in the world, Lauren walked up behind us. I turned to her and said, "I'm so sorry Lauren. This is all my fault". Lauren watched them on stage for a moment, then turned to me, and said, "Well Kelly. It would appear you've had quite an effect of them". I started to blush, not knowing if I was in any kind of trouble. Brandy assured Lauren that she would have the kids get dressed, then take them back to their campsite, promising no further displays of public nudity would occur.

Lauren nodded and smiled at Brandy, then said, "Is it O.k. if I take my lead actor in Saturday's play, for a walk ?" Brandy replied, "Of course it is!", as she gave me a hug and thanked me for bringing out the inner free spirits of the kids. Lauren took my hand and led me away. I had this ominous feeling, like I was going to be punished for inciting the naked exhibition, put on by the eight to ten year old, girls and boys. The awkward silence got the best of me, so after about fifteen seconds, I asked, "Lauren. Am I in trouble?" She stopped, and replied, "Of course not sweetheart. Why would you think that?"

When I was dealing with Alex, all the kids took off their clothes and started running around on the stage. That's when Brandy, the other adults arrived. I told them to put their clothes back on, but they wouldn't listen to me". Lauren started laughing, and replied, "I had a feeling it was something like that". She then continued, "Kelly. Those children got naked all on their own. Not just because you were naked, but because your were able to inspired them, without saying a word. That's the sign on a Real Leader. Everyone is so proud of you, and their curiosity has turned to respect, over the last few day. I'm so happy you decided to experiment with your new found lifestyle, here at the campground honey", as she hugged me.

As we continued walking, I asked Lauren, "Are the kids going to be in trouble?" Lauren responded, saying, "No Kelly, they won't be. I'm sure Brandy will have a talk with them concerning the subject of "There's a time and place for everything", and they did pick the right time and place for their little naked romp, after all. After a few more steps, she asked, "So....How did it feel?" "How did what feel?", I asked. "How did it feel to be the oldest, tallest and the only one with pubic hair? I mean compared to being surrounded by fully developed teenage actors, who are all at least eight inches taller than you ?", she replied. I looked down at my tiny patch of black pubic hair, and said, "It felt good".

I couldn't believe the words were coming out of my mouth, but I went on to say, "I felt like a grown up". Lauren stopped and looked down at me, with the most reassuring expression on her face, and said, "Kelly. There is more poise, wisdom and fortitude in your twelve year old body and mind, than in most of the 'Grownups' I know". I was unsure of where we were walking too, but Lauren had made me feeling pretty good about myself, along the way. I didn't know what time it was exactly, but I figured it to be between 1:00 and 1:30. I started thinking about Brenda, and our 3:00 rendezvous.

We were on the path down to the pool area, when four young female campers, around the age of fifteen, walked passed us. We heard one of the girls say, "That must be the nudist girl, we heard about". Lauren stopped in her tracks, turned around, and said, "Girls. Come here please". I felt so embarrassed as the four girls walked up to us, staring at my slender, under-developed body. "The 'Nudist Girl', as you put it, has a name. Her name is Kelly. Now say hello". All four girls smiled and said, "Hello Kelly". I said, Hello" in return, then Lauren took my hand, winked at me, and we headed on our way.

"You've become quite the celebrity around here, Kelly", Lauren said. "That's only because I'm naked", I replied in a somewhat somber tone. "No Kelly....It's not. It's because you have 'Chosen' to be naked, by making an adult decision to adopt the Nudist Lifestyle, without being concerned about what others may think of you. That young lady is what we call, possessing both Character and Fortitude", she responded. Lauren and some others, were making me out to be some kind of a hero, but I knew my public nudity started out being imposed on me, by my mom.

Lauren said, "Kelly. Bruce and I have received eight request in the last two days, to turn the private beach at the north end of the lake, into a 'Clothing Optional' swimming area". "Are you going to do it?", I asked. "Well honey, there's more to it than that, but we will be looking into it. Once again Kelly, I'm sure the requests were motivated by your courage and unshakable commitment to your new lifestyle". Now I knew I was trapped in my "New Found Nudist Lifestyle", for the entire week.

We were almost by the pool, when Lauren brought up the play. "Kelly. We will be running through our first rehearsal tomorrow at 10:00, at the outdoor theatre. This will be when we make any necessary changes to the script, and everyone will get a grasp on their parts. Rehearsals will be every day from 10:00 am until noon, then from 2:00 until 4:00 in the afternoons. So plan your schedule this week around those times honey". "O.k." was my simple reply. Your mom will be leaving soon, so make sure you see her before she goes, and I'll see you at 10:00 tomorrow morning. We were just arriving at the clearing to the pool area, so Lauren headed back to the office, while I returned to our cabin, to say goodbye to my mom.


75