Man's Running Shorts 

I sat in an secluded grass area behind some sands hills as it was windy at the beach. After I had settled down and got my book out I noticed the only other person in the space was a man in running shorts. As looked closer I noticed they were short a silky style with a slit right up the side to the waistband. Where they joined underneath between his legs the width of cloth was only about one inch in total. He was not wearing any underpants and I could see right up inside the garment. I pretended to read my book but watched totally fascinated as he moved around changing positions. He was unaware I was looking as he was laying on his back with a towel over his face to block out the sun and so sleep. If he raized his knees and spread his legs I could have a perfect view of his penis, testicles and anus. Even with his knees down I could see up these shorts. Being light soft silky material the wind blew them up anyway showing everything. I could not believe it was really happening totally unplanned and no one else was around being a windy day. But it was and I was the only observer. He must have run a long way as he seemed totally exhausted and did not know I was there. His penis seemed to go through different stages and was completely involuntarily erect at one stage. I loved that. At another time it dribbled pre-cum juices. Perhaps he was having an erotic dream? Once he fondled his cock, balls and butt hole sleepily still with the towel over his face. Another time he casually masturbated for quite a while but to my disappointment stopped. That dream again? I was very aroused as I could enjoy my voyuerism in private. My breasts swelled, nipples erected, my vagina was soaked and my clitoris hard itching and throbbing. I was so turned on I quickly took off my my bikini and only put on my very thin skimpy G-string see through panties. I had never done such a thing before but was very turned on indeed. My head was spinning. What was I doing?? I wanted him to see me nearly naked when he woke up if he did. I had my camera with me and the next time he raized his knees I took zoomed in photos of all his genitals and cute butt hole. I was totally engrossed and carried away. I was shocked at myself. I was rubbing my clitoris on my towel on the ground. To my delight he began to masturbate again with his legs up and spread. I hoped he would not stop this time. I put my camera on video and waited. I was very hot and aroused indeed. No one came to our spot. His penis was long thick and wet and I knew he would come soon. He suddenly ejaculated in huge spurts all over the grass. I was delighted and got it all on video. He went back to sleep and I had to go unfortunately. I will never forget that day and often look at that video. I will go back and hope to see this man again. I get a wet vagina whenever I think of him and his silky little running shorts.
