This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. ======================================================= 
Strange things were happening.  It was the start of summer when I received a message from a European collector stating that I was referred to him by a collector on the other coast who suggested that perhaps I could help him.

I wrote back stating that I had no idea what he was seeking, but in the interest of helping a fellow collector, if I could be of some service, I would be happy to consider helping.

He replied to my message explaining that he was in touch with a nearby couple who had communicated with him, but he was unable to fly here, so perhaps I could step in for him.  

I replied by saying that I'd be happy to assist, if possible and asked for information and an email introduction to the folks.

Dear Debbie and Chris,

I am, with regret, unable to fly into the USA to meet with you, but do have a someone in your area who will be able to I'm sure accommodate you in lieu of myself.

I am copying this gentleman so he will not be surprised to hear from you and also so you can get in touch with him directly.

Really wish I could be there, but...

			Sincerely,
			Hans

After I received the copy of the email I almost immediately received an email from Debbie introducing herself to me, and asking that I call her asap.

I felt that this was moving too fast, so to slow it down some,I replied that I was unable to call immediately, but would do so within the next day or two.  I then sat back and waited.

Two days later I picked up the phone and dialed Debbie's number.  A very very sweet voice answered the phone and when I asked for Debbie, Just a minute was the reply.

I could hear some background noise, then the same voice said, this is Debbie.  I introduced myself on the phone, and asked if it was perhaps a bad time for her, and if so, I could call back.

No, no, she said, there was no problem talking right now, I just needed to turn down the TV, that was all.  Well then, I said, I'm sort of at a loss here as all I have is some information from Hans and then the introduction via the email, your message and so, what can I do for you, I inquired?

First of all, she said, please don't hang up, but it would be best if you spoke with my husband.  Will that be okay, she asked?  I suppose so, I said wondering just what the hell was going on here.

Another few seconds and a heavy voice could be heard, then it came on the line saying, hello.  Hello, I said.  I'm somewhat confused about all this, and Debbie referred me to you.  Is this a good time to talk?

Yes, said the man.  My name is Chris and I appreciate you calling.  No problem, I said, but what can I do for you?

In a nutshell, he said, I need you to totally have your way with my wife.  He continued by saying, I have been unable to function for sometime now, and I am the only person Debbie has ever been with.  Anyway, she doesn't want to cheat on me, but I also don't want her to be without because of me.  In addition, her being without, well has impacted a few things, which we can discuss later.  Does this all make any sense, he asked?

I suppose so, I said, and the need to talk late, I presume is confidential just between you and me, is that correct?   Yes, he replied.  Well, it's just a little unusual, for me anyway, to have someone such as yourself involved me like this, I continued.  Also, why not, well just hit a bar or club someplace and find somebody, I asked? 

Chris continued, as part of the agreement between Debbie and myself, I'm going to be there and we want you to also film everything so the stranger thing, like the club just isn't going to work.  I'm listening, I said.

That's about it, he said.  Any questions, he then asked?  Several to many, I replied.  Such as, he asked?

Debbie know about this, I asked?  Yes, he said, and no problems.  Payment, I asked.  Well, he said, Debbie for as long as you want her,  copy of the film and that's about all I can think of he said for now.  So there is more, I asked?  Yes, later, he said.

About 2 tomorrow afternoon, I suggested.  Yes he said, adding, actually they are also my mine as well.  Any problems, I asked.  No, he said.  What about Debbie, I asked.  She, he began and I finished, she's unaware of the special whatever isn't she.  Yes, he said, that is correct.  But you are aware of these things, and you've no problem with them.  Yes, he replied, I understand and there is no problem.  See you tomorrow at 2, and hung up the phone.

The following afternoon, I located Chris and after introductions we sat at a corner table and talked.  Seems that he has a medical problem, and Debbie has been without for about 5 years.  At an office party, a man named Jack who didnt know him pointed out Debbie and commented that she was a bitch in need of a good fucking.   Then later I was having a drink by the bar when a woman who works for Debbie approached me and asked if we ever partied.  I wasnt sure what she meant, but she said she thought Debbie was attractive and perhaps we would sometimes consider some adult partying.

Now, Chris continued, I havent said anything to Debbie about any of this, but shes finally agreed to being with another man in the attempt to seeing if I can be stimulated.  Whether or not I can, remains to be seen, but regardless, I want my wife to be turned into a whore or slut or whatever you want to call it.  I want to go to a party and know that if the opportunity happens, she will perform. 

And, just how are you planning for this to occur, I asked.  Blackmail, said Chris, invented false, fictious blackmail, he smiled.  An I guess that is where I come in, I asked?  Yes, he said.  And what do I get out of it, I asked?

You get to have your way with my wife, he said, then added, you also get to film everything and get a copy for yourself.   And Hans?  He get a copy of the film also.   Anything else, I asked?   Ive already spoken to the woman I told you about, Sally, and shes intereted  in helping and also the guy, Jack said hed probably lose his job over this, but it would be worth it.

By helping, I said, you mean.  I mean, Christ cut in, that both of them are willing and wanting to fuck the old lady.  Fair enough, I said.  And whats to prevent her from screaming and walking out the door, I asked.  

Debbie is very dollar aware, so were putting up $5,000 as default money to you and Hans if she refuses.  Looks like youve thought of everything I said.  Let me go through things and be in touch.  We shook hands and went our own way.

A few days later I called and after some small talk with Chris said,  you understand that if we go forward and......  But Chris cut me off and said, no there won't be any problems.  Okay, I said, because understand if there is a problem, well, Hans & I will require financial compensation.  I understand fully, he said.

Very good then, I said, tell me about your wife.  I think you'd better speak with her, he said, then obviously passed the phone to Debbie.

Hello, she said into the phone.  Hello, I said and continued, well it seems that we're all going to get together.  Yes, she said, so it seems.   You okay with this, I asked.  Yes, a little nervous, but so long as Chris approves, and is there, I'll be okay, she replied.

And according to Hans, you are a manager or, hmmm I'm not quite sure, I said.  I'm an office manger, she said, and have worked at my company for the last 14 years.  No affairs, I said.  No, none, she said.  And Chris is the only man you've ever been with, I said.

Yes, that's correct, she replied then added, I was a virgin when we married.  There could possibly be some major differences between Chris and myself, I said.  Debbie giggled, and said, probably.  Besides that, I said, I'm talking about performance, technique, activity and things like that.  Oh, said Debbie, I hadn't though much about that.

Well to be silly I said, I might want you to stand on your head, and maybe Chris has never ever though about asking you to do such a thing.  I understand, she said.  So, you okay with possibly new things, I asked?  Yes, she replied adding, just please no rough stuff or marks.

Very good then, I said, I'll be in touch and hung up the phone.  This was going to be interesting as well as a fun experience.

I emailed Hans, advised him of my phone call and asked him for some specifications if he had anything special in mind.  I also mentioned the "special request" to him and expressed some concern about being able to complete it.  He wrote back explaining that he knew about this earlier from Chris and gave me the name and phone numbers of both Sally and Jack advising that he had already spoken to them.

After some further email exchanges with Hans, I was contacting Jack and Sally.  After a  brief introduction and review of situation, I completed all the details and we were ready to go beginning the following Friday at about 2PM.  I next contacted Chris and Debbie and advised them that the coming Friday was the scheduled day for us to get together.

Debbie wrote back that she had a meeting at work, but would reschedule and take the day off of work.  Chris, replied saying that he was looking forward to the day.

With everything in place, I next wrote to Debbie and gave her a suggestion as to what to wear.

Now with everything lined up, I began to gather my equipment and myself for Friday, which then seemed so far away.  The time dragged ever so slowly, and I realized that I didn't have any inkling of what Debbie looked like.  What would happen, if...I though, then put the thought out of my head.  

Then it was Thursday night and when I logged on to my computer there was some email waiting for me, 2 messages in fact.  The first was from Hans saying he wishes he was there instead of me, and telling me to have fun and just follow the outline.  The second was from Chris saying that he was okay with everything, so I wasn't to worry, and also that he was more than looking forward to tomorrow.

Friday morning I left my garage with everything packed into the van and drove to the hotel.  After checking in and seeing the suite I began to move things from the car through the indoor garage and up to the suite.

Once I had the car empty of equipment it didn't take long for me to set things up and await everyones arrival.  Jack arrived first and after a brief introduction, I hid him behind a sofa pushed close to the wall.  Next came Sally.  She was cute, bubbly in her mid 40s and excited to be there.  I showed her where Jack was hiding and offered her a seat on the sofa.  You going to have any problems with this, I asked her.  No, none she said, why do you ask?  Just wanting to make sure, I said and move my hand over her tit.  Sally smiled at me and asked if I liked that.  Yes, I said, then asked about Debbie.  Oh, youll like her said Sally, then asked, wont he Jack?   

I glanced at my watch, almost noon.  A few minutes after the noon hour Chris called from the lobby to get the room number which I gave him.  I waited to see who would walk through the door and wondered.  Trophy wife, old wrinkled woman, a 300 pounder, what?

The door opened and in walked Debbie.  Short white hair, about 5'7", and not a size 2, but certainly not a BBW, just what I'd call a very nice looking mature woman. She probably wore I'd guess a size 8 or 10 dress. 

Hello she said, extending her hand to me as I looked at what I could see of her figure beneath the cloths.

Hello, I said, you look quite nice this afternoon.  Thank you, she said, I hope that this is all correct, sort of spreading her arms so I could see her attire.  Yes, you look just fine, I said.  Nervous, I asked?

Yes very, she said, and turning towards Chris, he also said, yes as he shook my hand as I then directed him towards a seat in the corner.  I then reached and flipped the switch on the small console I had set up, whereupon the red lights came on indicating it was recording.  A quick glance at the various cameras around the room also showed their flashing lights as well.  

So, for the record Debbie, I said, why don't you explain why we're here.  Guess it's a long story, but I'll try to shorten it, she began.  

We, Chris my husband and I, had purchased some porn video's which were made by Hans and we enjoyed watching them, she said.  Why did you purchase them, I asked?

Chris, my husband, has a problem, so we thought we'd try to see if watching the porn films helped him.  And did it, I asked?  No, she said, but then we were talking and Chris said, maybe it was the women he was watching instead of me.  And that lead to....I said.

That lead to us talking for some time, and finally our contacting Hans about making a private porn film with me in it, said Debbie.  And you're both okay with this, I asked. 

Yes, said Chris from his seat.  Yes, I suppose so, said Debbie, though I must admit I'm very nervous.  Anyway, she continued, as you know, Hans couldn't do this because of our distance, so he referred us to you.  And here we are, I said.  

Chris, I asked, you've thought about seeing your wife with others, I asked?  Yes, and I know I'll be excited by it, he said.  Excited, physically or mentally.  Well mentally for sure, he said, already am, and hopefully physically as well.  Any basis for this, I asked?  

Yes, I guess so said Chris.  Debbie was a virgin when we married, and I've always fantasized about a naive woman in a compromising situation, so perhaps seeing her with someone else, especially when it is for the first time and having it recorded will be my a fantasy I can live out over and over.  Also, I love Debbie and that should add to my emotions and physical state, I hope, plus aside from that, he continued, I want her to experience these many things I've thought about with her, but have been unable to do.

So for the record, and to be certain that there is no misunderstanding, I began, in addition to what you just said, you both do realize that there is a default penalty of $5000.00 involved here, do you not?  Yes, from the back corner said Chris, we're aware of it.  

So, from this time forward, if either of you choose to stop doing this, then you welcome to leave, but minus the $5000 cash, which I assume you've brought with you, and minus any video or pictures taken to the moment you walk out that door, I said.  Yes, said Chris, we understand.  Debbie, I asked, what about you?  Yes, I understand, she replied.

Also, Chris, you realize that you're sort of giving Debbie up while we're here.  I mean if this takes an hour, or 16 hours this is up to me.  Yes, I understand, said Chris.  Debbie, I asked?  Yes, she said, I understand.  And neither of you have a problem with this, I said.  No problem said Chris.  Okay, said Debbie.

Now, for the record, may I see and record the presence of the default cash.  

Chris got up and came forward and counted out 50 one-hundred dollar bills and he was video taped doing this.  Very good, I said, and also for the record, so there is no misunderstanding, should we complete the agenda you will receive 2 copies of the video, I will retain the master, and Hans will receive 1 copy as a referral fee.  As both Hans and myself are collectors of this sort of material, we both agree to protect and hold private our copies for 7 years, after which time we can do with them as we please.  Do we all agree, I asked.  Yes was the reply from both Debbie and Chris.  

Very well, I said, Chris put the cash in this envelope, seal it, sign the seal and lets put it under the vase over by the wall.  You'll either leave with the envelope and copies of the activities or you'll just leave minus the envelope, fair enough?   Yes, that will be fine.

After the envelope was sealed and put under the vase, I motioned Chris to his seat behind where I had most everything set up.  The chair was in the corner, but provided an unobstructed view of the room from alongside the lights and cameras. 

As he was returning to the back I said to Debbie who was seated on another sofa, you realize that Chris has gone through most everything with first Hans and myself and that you are becoming a part of his fantasy and you've no problem with this.  Yes, I understand, she said, and I've no problem.  Just hope I won't disappoint anyone.  

No, you'll be fine I said, and now for the record, here is a copy of the local newspaper.  Will you please read the date on it, and then hold it up for Chris to read the headline.  Debbie looked at the front page and read the date, then held the paper in front of her and Chris read the banner headline.  I was watching the camera meter to see that the sound was heard and recorded.  

Okay, now fold the paper, please.  I'm going to keep the paper visible throughout so as to insure that no one claims something happened later on and tries to put off the 7 year agreement.  You both understand this, I asked.  Yes, both replied.

At that point, the business was concluded and the work began.  

I turned to Debbie.  Mrs. Wilson, I began, you understand that you're now becoming my sex slave, I said.  Yes, she said.  Ever been a sex slave, I asked.  

No, I don't think so, she said, adding please call me Debbie.  Are you ashamed of your married name, I asked?  No, its just that, well I thought, she started to reply before I cut her off.

How old are you, I asked.  I'm 54 she said.  And, I continued, I understand that you married as a virgin and have never been with anyone other than Chris, is that correct?  Yes, all true she said.  And the last time you had sex, I asked?  About 4 years ago, she answered.  You masturbate, I asked.  Yes, she meekly replied.

Hopefully we'll remedy things, I said, so lets get started as we've a long day and a lot to accomplish.  54 huh, you certainly don't look 54, I said.  Thank you, said Debbie.  You're really a MILF, I said.  What's that, she asked.  Mother I'd Like to Fuck, I answered.  Debbie blushed a little and didn't reply.

Continuing, I said, looks like you've got nice tits and a nice ass and I'll bet your pussy is equally as delightful.  Debbie sort of smiled and said thank you.

Really, I continued, hasn't anyone told you that you've got some nice tits or patted you on the ass, I asked.  No, I guess not, said Debbie.  Well, they certainly look nice from here, I said.  

So you watched some porn, I continued.  Yes, said Debbie.  What kind did you like, I asked.  I don't know what you mean by kind, said Debbie.  You know, I said.  Boy, girl, 2 guys and a girl, 2 girls, animals.  Animals, questioned Debbie.  

Yea, like maybe a girl and her dog, or something like that, I said.  Oh no, I don't believe that, said Debbie, least ways I've never seen something like that she said.  Well, maybe we can do something about that, I said then continued as a shocked look came over Debbies face, so, what did you like, I asked?  

You know, the usual, she said.  Usual, you mean like a guy and a girl, I said.  Yes, she said.  Any of the films show 2 girls together, I asked?  Yes, said Debbie. Did you like those also?  I really don't know, replied Debbie.  

Did you think the women attractive, I asked?  You mean together or just nice looking.  Nice looking, I said.  Yes, some of them were very nice looking;  had good figures, she said.

What about your figure, I asked?  Mine, she asked?  Oh no, I'm certainly no where near as attractive as those girls were, she said.  Self-esteem problem, I asked.  No, certainly not, she said, but lets be honest, they were probably in their 20's and I'm getting to be an old lady.

And, I said, you're an officer manager with a large company, isn't that correct?  Yes, that's correct, said Debbie.  You telling me that at work, if you raised your skirt some, or undid a button or two on your blouse, nobody would pay any attention.  I don't know, she said, I've never done anything like that, but even if I did, I doubt anyone would.

Well I think it's about time you did, I said, so unbutton your blouse and let me take a peek.  Debbie looked at me for a moment or two, then undid 2 of her buttons and pulled the blouse apart.  You know, I really can't see all that much, so why don't you bend forward so I can see more, I said.

Again, she looked at me, then leaned forward so I could see down her blouse and into her bra.  Now that's a nice view, I said.  You've got lovely tits.  You ever dance around or do some sort of a strip tease for your husband, I asked as she straightened up.  

No, no not really, was the reply.  Really, I said, so you just hide in the closet and get undressed then crawl under the cover and hide after the light is out.  No, was the laughing reply from Debbie.  

So what is it that you do do, I asked.  I guess I just go to my bedroom and change out of my cloths, take a shower, put on my nightgown and go to bed, said Debbie.  Lot different than what you saw in the porn films, I said receiving no comment from Debbie.

Ever been to a topless beach, I asked.  No, I haven't she said.  Then I guess a nude beach would also be a no, I said.  

So, Mrs. Wilson, tell me how you feel about being here.  Please, call me Debbie, she said again, adding, I'm I guess a little nervous.  You nervous about me, I asked, or nervous about your husband watching you.  A little of both was the reply.  

In that case, I said, while you're sitting there pull up your skirt so I can see your legs and maybe your panties.  Debbie shifted about in the chair for a bit as she pulled her skirt about three-fourths of the way up her thighs.  This okay, she asked not looking up at me.  

Open your legs so I can see your panties, I said.  Debbie slowly opened her legs as the skirt move up a little further exposing her panties.  

Nice panties I said, then asked, you shaved like I asked you to?  Yes, she whispered her reply.  Mrs. Wilson, I said, can't hear you.  Yes, I shaved, she said.

Chris ever see you shaved, I asked.  No, I don't think so.  You like oral sex, I quickly asked.  You mean, she asked.  Yes, you like it when your pussy is licked and kissed and do you also like to do the same and suck a man's cock?  Sometimes was her reply.

So then tell me Mrs. Wilson, I continued, just how long has it been since you sucked a man's cock or had your pussy eaten.  There was stunned silence from Debbie who just sat there and looked at me saying not a word.

Would you like to leave, I asked?  No, she answered back.  

Then lift your legs to the cushion for me and move your panties out of the way, so I can see your pretty pussy.  Debbie just sat there, not moving but staring at me.  Come on Mrs. Wilson, show me your fuck hole, I commanded.

Debbie at first slowly lifted her legs, then hooked the heels of her shoes at the edge of the cushion.  This caused her butt to slide forward in the seat raising the skirt still further.  She then spread her legs and using the fingers of her right hand grasped the edge of her panties and slowly pulled it aside partly exposing her pussy.

Why Mrs. Wilson, I said, that is such a pretty pussy as I moved my hand to cover her mound and started to slip the middle finger into her hole.   You're getting wet, I said, you like being finger fucked, I asked.

She didn't answer, but looked at me as a blush crept over her face and she wiggled slightly to accommodate my finger invasion into her now fully visible love hole.

Debbie was so horny that it wasn't long before she was attempting to hump my finger, moaning and even trying to push my hand deeper into her.  

I suddenly removed my hand, taking her pleasure away from her and surprising her once again, and causing her to moan her disappointment.  Please dont stop, she whispered in a somewhat husky voice.

We'll fill your hole in a little while, I said, but first you need to give me a blow job.  Debbie looked at me, reached for my pants and began to unfasten my belt and waistband.  In less than a minute she had fished out my cock and was holding it in her hand.  Go ahead, make me cum, I said.

Debbie looked up at me, then proceeded to work her hands, tongue and mouth on my cock as I sat and enjoyed the attention.  In a little while I once again instructed her to make me cum.

Debbie began with yet more vigor to work my cock and finally I held her head and pumped my load into her mouth and throat.  She gagged once, but then took control of herself and swallowed licking her lips to catch any small amount of cum that escaped her mouth.

This is all good and well, I said to Debbie, but remember we've a movie to make, so lets get started shall we?  Okay, Debbie responded slowly, what do you want me to do?

First of all go into the bathroom and freshen up and I'll get things set up here.  When you hear a knocking, you'll come out of the bathroom over there, pretending you're entering the room from the outside.

Okay, I can do that, said Debbie.  I know you can, I said.  Remember, I said, your no longer the office manager or the boss, you're just Debbie Wilson and Chris Wilson over there wants to walk out of here with his cash and lots of video's of you.  I understand, said Debbie.  

And one more thing, I said, if you're surprised by anything, don't be, just have fun and you'll put on a good show.  And remember, I said, if you stop, you lose a good sum of money.  I know, she said, then raising her voice said, Chris, I love you.

After Debbie went to the bathroom, I quickly waved the surprise guests who then moved to the back of the room behind the lights and for the most part out of sight.  Hans had done his homework when first contacted and with Chris approving arranged for these two people to participate.  

I heard the toilet flush and waited a minute, then knocked and Debbie opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom, pretending on coming into the suite from outside.

Welcome, I said, it is good to see you.  Thank you, said Debbie, as she began to 'play along' yet a little blinded by my intentionally repositioning a few lights before she came back into the room.  You're here for the interview.  Yes, that's correct she replied.  
  
And your name is Mrs Debbie Wilson, I said.  Yes, but please call me Debbie, she said.  You are still married, are you not, I asked?  Yes, I am.  Does your husband know about this interview, I asked?  Yes he does, she said.  

Very well, I said, you know that it is mostly visual in these projects, so lets find out a little about what we're going to be seeing.  Okay, said Debbie.

How tall are you, I asked?  I'm 5'6" in my bare feet.

What size dress do you wear?  Size 6 or 8 but, depends on the designer

And your bra size, I asked?  I'm a 36D

Panties?  Size 5 or medium

Shoe size?   7 1/2

Any tattoos or piercing, I asked.  No, just my ears, she said.

Shaved?  Yes, she whispered then louder said, Yes, I'm shaved.

Nipples sensitive?  Yes, very.

Like to be touched?  You mean, she began, then said......yes.

Like oral?   Yes.

Are you going to be shy, I asked.  I hope not, said Debbie.  And, you're going to do everything you're told to do, aren't you?  Yes, said Debbie.

How do you feel about someone other than your husband seeing and touching you, I began.   Im very nervous, said Debbie.  I hope I dont disappoint you. 

Lets begin with having a look at your lingerie, I said.  You mean, she began, then let her voice trail off.

Yes, take off your street cloths, I said.  Debbie paused for a very long second or two, then reached for her skirt and began to unzip it.  It wasnt too long after that that she slid the skirt down her legs and stepped out of it.

Turn around so I can see your legs, I said.  Debbie, her blouse covering her panties turned slowly.  Youve got nice legs, I said.  Thank you, she replied.  Now take off the blouse, I said.

Debbie tried to glanced towards the corner where Chris was seated, then reached for the top button of the blouse and unfastened it.  Soon the blouse was unbuttoned and she slipped it from her shoulders and set it aside.  Now standing before me in her bra and panties a little blush came over her.

Youve a nice figure, I said and I like your taste in lingerie as well.  Turn around I said.  Debbie turned her back to me and I looked at the 3 hooks on her bra and also how the panty covered her ass.  

Pull your panty down, I want to see your ass, I said.  Debbie reached for the waistband and slowly slipped the panty down over the cheeks of her ass.  Nice, I said, as I motioned for Jack to step forward.

Stepping forward was a young man named Jack.  He began to rub her ass as I continued to talk to Debbie.  Do you like that, I asked?  Yes, she horsely said as Jack began to probe her ass and began to tease the lips of her pussy.  Would you like your tits played with, I asked from behind her?

Yes, that would be nice, she said.  Jack moved his hands around the front of her and began rubbing her stomach then moved upward to feel her encased tits.  Want to take off the bra, I asked?

Debbie reached back and unfastened the bra and pulled it away, as Jacks hands began roaming freely over her tits and pinching her nipples.  You have nice tits, I said.  Anyone else in your office have nice tits, I asked?

Debbie was surprised by the question, then said I dont know.  Well, I asked, whos tits would you like to play with?  I dont know, I really dont want, she started to say.  Oh, come on Mrs. Wilson, I said, there must be one of the ladies in the office with a nice pair and arent you just a little curious about them.  You know to maybe feel them like yours are being felt, or would you just rather kiss and suck on the nipples?

Jack moved his hand between her legs and nodded to me.  Hmmmm, youre nice and wet, I said.  So whos tits were you thinking about, I pushed the question?

I, I wasnt, replied Debbie and Jacks finger apparently slipped into her pussy.  Well, if you were, I asked, who in the office has the nicest tits?  Alice, Virginia, Sally, Cindy?   I dont know, said Debbie.  Well whos the biggest, I asked?  I guess, Paula, she said.  You like to play with them, I asked again, and signaling to Jack at the same time.  Jack moved a finger and started to push on Debbies rosebud.  Oh, no...please, she said, trying to move away.  You didnt answer me, I said.

No no, I dont want to play with...Ohhhhh nooooooo she almost screamed.  You like that, I asked?   No, please dont do that, begged Debbie.  I motioned to Jack and he eased up and Debbie relaxed some.  Continuing I said, well Mrs. Wilson, if you dont want to play with Paulas tits, how would you feel if one of the girls wanted to play with yours?

I dont know, she replied.  Well, would you object or encourage it, I asked?   I dont know, said Debbie, why?  Well, when I was planning this and checking things out, one of the girls asked . . .  My voice trailed off and I nodded towards Jack.

He immediately stepped back from Debbie as I grabbed and cuffed each of her wrists.  Come with me, I said, moving her into the doorway.  Once there I raised first one arm then the next and hooked each above her head on the door frame.  

With her arms stretched, and Jack back behind the lights, I was free to enjoy Debbies tits, which I played with for a few minutes.  I then cuffed each ankle and attached those cuffs to the door frame as well.

I then returned to sucking on a nipple and pushing my hand down the front of her panties, I worked my finger into her pussy and rubbing her clit.  As Debbie began to once again start to enjoy the attention, I said, Mrs. Wilson, Ive a surprise for you.

Surprise, she asked?  Yes, a couple of your coworkers, I said.  A look of fear crossed Debbies face as she tried to look around, then called Chris.

Oh dont worry, I said, Chris is aware of this and has no objections, do you Chris, I called out.   No, Im okay came the reply from Chris.  

Well then I said, lets continue and I waved my hand and a Sally stepped in front of the lights.  Hello Mrs. Wilson.   Sally, Debbie asked?  Yes, she replied, and you know, you are very attractive, just as I guessed you were.  

Debbie suddenly realized that she was naked and tied up standing before Sally.  Let me go, she said.  Oh no, said Sally as she stepped to Debbie and covered her tits with her hands.   Oh, your just as I imagined, she whispered, then she began to lick and suck Debbies nipples.  

Sally, Debbie began, but she was cut off as Sally reached and moved her hand to cover Debbies mound.  Oh yes, she said, I havent been here in a long time.  My husband just doesnt understand, she continued.  Mrs. Wilson, said Sally, youre making my dreams come true, then she proceeded to withdraw her hand and from the outside push the panty aside exposing Debbies pussy.  Oh, thats so nice said Sally as she spread Debbies pussy open with her fingers and slipped them into the open slit.  

I let Sally enjoy herself for a few minutes, then pulled her away from Debbie leaving Debbie once again unsatisfied.  

Debbie, did you enjoy that, I asked.  No, Yes, she said adding, Sally I didnt know, I havent ever.  So, I asked, you think at work now, you can call Sally into your office and perhaps let her help you to enjoy the day some?  I dont know, said Debbie.  Well, would you eat her, I asked?  I dont know, said Debbie once more.  Want to see Sally naked, I asked?   No, yes, I suppose so said Debbie.

When I free you, will you undress her, I asked?  I, Debbie began, but hesitated, then realized about the default, so asked, am I being told to do this?  Yes, I said.  Okay then, Ill do it, she said while I was standing next to Sally and feeling her tits.

I freed Debbie and stepped back as Debbie moved to Sally.  I didnt know, she said, then pulled Sallys top up and over her head revealing a push up red bra.  Do you like my breasts, asked Sally?   Youve always been very pretty, said Debbie.  

Thank you, said Sally, Ive always admired and fantasized about what youd be like.  I told my husband once, but he said I was being silly and to forget about it, but I couldnt, just couldnt.  

Debbie had finished unfastening the waist band and was lowering Sallys skirt to reveal the matching red panties she was wearing.  Do I excite you, asked Sally, do you like what you see?  

Debbie straightened up, but didnt say anything as she glanced at Sallys boobs laying atop the pushup bra.  Take off my bra, said Sally.  Debbie moved her hands between the cups, but there wasnt a clasp.  In the back, whispered Sally.  Debbie stepped behind her and slipped her hands beneath the strap pulling it together to unfasten the hooks.

Push against me, said Sally, I want to feel your tits against me.  Debbie followed the instruction and Sally reached behind her trying to once again feel Debbies pussy.  Come take off my bra, said Sally.  Debbie stepped to the front and Sally wiggled her shoulders causing the straps to fall and immediately exposing her tits.  Now you play with me, said Sally reaching to cover Debbies mound with her hand saying, we need to get rid of those panties.

Debbie reached and covered Sallys tits with her hands and began to fondle each as she became more accustomed to what she was doing.  Oh, that feels so good, said Sally, please dont stop.  I let the girls play a little longer then moved to them and turned them around so that Debbies back was to the cameras.

I then spread her legs and began playing with ass and pussy while she continued to fondle Sally.  I stopped for a moment and motioned for Jack to come forward once again.

As Jack took up my position and smiled at Sally, Debbie wasnt aware of the switch.  So, asked Sally, did you ever think about any of the guys in the office?  No, replied Debbie.  I think Jack is kind of cute, said Sally.   Yes, he is, said Debbie.  

So, what do you think, asked Sally?  About what?  About fucking Jack, said Sally.  Oh, I couldnt said Debbie as she jumped a little as Jack slipped his cock into her.  Id let him fuck me if he wanted to said Sally.  
Then without any hestitation, Sally asked, Jack would you like to fuck me when youre done fucking Debbie?  How about a blow job, while Debbie checks our your pussy for me, he replied..

Debbie suddenly realized what was going on, and screamed Noooooo as she tried to pull away from Jack.  Twisting around she saw Jack.  Hi Mrs. Wilson, said Jack, as he drove deeper into her.  Chris, Debbie cried out...OMG, what are you doing to me, she asked no one in particular.  No no no, she cried and the tears began to stream from her eyes.  Chris, please, she begged as Jack continued to pound her, then began to shake some as he emptied his balls into her.

OMG cried Debbie who fell to the floor.  Sally moved to her side and began to stroke her hair and kiss her face as she tried to comfort and calm her.  Shortly Debbie regained her composure and focused to see Sallys nipple inches from her face.  Please said Sally, as she lifted her tit and pushed towards Debbies mouth.

Oh yes, whispered Sally as Debbie began sucking and nibbling on her nipple.  Yes, thats good said Sally, adding, I want you to lick my pussy too.  Will you do that for me, she asked?  



Here this will be easier said Sally, who lowered herself to the floor and guided Debbie down towards her as she opened her legs.  Debbie now on her hands and knees had Jack push her legs apart and he once again slipped into her.  Please said Sally as she pushed Debbies head down towards her pussy.   I, I cant she said, starting to shake as Jack began pounding her a bit harder causing her hanging tits to sway with the motion.

If you arent going to go down on Sally, I said, then you can go down on me, I said stepping in front of Debbie.  Seeing me there with my cock hanging in front of her face, she suddenly realized that someone was buried in her pussy.  

 

Were liberating you said Sally.  Just then Jack emptied his balls into Debbies pussy and pulled away from her.  Lick me clean he said as he moved to in front of Debbie and pushed his semi-swollen cock in her direction.

Its and order, I whispered.  With a freightened look, Debbie reached for Jacks cock and began to lick it clean.  

You know Mrs. Wilson, began Sally, youre always above everyone in the office, so when I bumped into Chris one day, we got to talking about you because I was almost in tears.  Anyway, he calmed me down and over time he helped me to come to realize that you were a little uptight over sex.  

One day I jokingly told him that if I could help to give me a call.  I guess you and he talked because one day he called me and that got me involved and in turn involved Jack.

So now, if your finished with Jacks cock, weve some more fun and games planned for you, said Sally. 







 
























Then stepping closer to her, I said, get on your knees or have a seat, whichever you like.  Debbie sat down on the edge of chair and I moved yet closer to her.  Now, to get started, I want you to give me a blow job, and afterwards we'll have a good look at what you've got to offer in return, I said.  

Debbie sat there not doing a thing.  You going to take my cock out, or do I need to do it for you, I asked?  Slowly, she reached up and rubbed my once again swollen cock though my pants, then undid the belt buckle and loosened my pants.  As she pulled down my boxers, my cock sprang out and hit her chin.  Oh, I said, you better kiss it and make it all better.

Debbie did just that, and continued to lick the shaft, head and finally started to bob her head up and down on the shaft while she worked my balls with her hands.

Like sucking my cock, I asked?  Debbie shook her head yes.  Going to swallow, I asked?  Debbie shook her head no.  I reached down and began squeezing her tit, and said, I want you to. As I held her head in place, I began to pump my cum into her mouth and it having no place to go, she began to swallow, though with some slight gagging.    

Good girl I said adding, now I think you should be introduced to your costars and waved my hand asking for her costars to join in.

Debbie froze when she hear a very familiar voice say, hello Mrs. Wilson and Jim stepped into view followed seconds later by Sally also saying hello Mrs. Wilson.

Jim and Sally were Chris and Debbie's neighbors across the street.  They had bought many different porn films from Hans and when he saw the street numbers it wasn't too hard to tie the people together.  An inquiry from Hans as to whether they wanted to get involved with someone for fun and games brought a quick yes.  I then followed up with them and after Chris approved, told them about Debbie and Chris.  Both were very excited to say the least.

Sally, Debbie began, then looked to Jim and tried to see if Chris was there and what should she do.  

But before she had much time to think Sally said, Mrs. Wilson I can't tell you how excited we are to be here.  We've admired you for afar for some time now, but were afraid to suggest anything to you and Chris.  Now it turns out, we'll, her voice trailed off.

Then Jim said, since this is an interview, Mrs. Wilson take off your skirt and blouse.  Debbie in shock instinctively moved her hands to her blouse and began to unbutton them.  One by one without a word being spoken she undid her blouse and then pulled it from her skirt and slipped it from her shoulders.  

That is a very nice bra, said Jim.  Now take your skirt off.  

Debbie, again without a word, stood to unfasten her skirt and in moments was pushing it over her hips and letting it fall to the floor.

Cute panties, said Jim then added, take off Sally top.  Debbie froze, as Sally stepped to her and said, it's okay, I want you to and leaned in and kissed her on the cheek and she held Debbie's hands and guided them to her top.

Debbie hesitated a second, then grasped Sally's top and pulled it over her head and tossed it aside as Sally's pushup bra was reveled.  Take off her skirt, said Jim.  

Sally turned her back to Debbie allowing her to see the zipper and hook.  Debbie fumbled for a second or two, then opened the skirt and it just dropped to the floor.  Debbie didn't realize it, but Sally wasn't wearing any panties, so her bald mound was clearly visible to the camera. 

That's good, said Jim.  Now, when Sally turns around, I want you to look her in the eye and rub your hand over her panties.  At that, Sally turned and stood close to Debbie, who continued to follow the directions.

As she moved her hand and began to touch Sally, it didn't take her long to realize that Sally wasn't wearing any panties and that she was running her fingers along her pussy.  

Debbie began to step back, but Jim, said no and removed his wife's bra, telling Debbie to look at her tits.

Debbie glanced down as Jim instructed realizing that Sally was naked in front of her.    



















Remember a little while ago we talked about things in your office, I asked?  Yes, I remember.  Good, I said, because now we're going to begin a totally unrehearsed movie about this.  Except, I added, except that now you won't be the office manager, you'll just be the 54 year old woman, understand?  Yes, I think so, said Debbie and will you give me some directions?  Yes, I said, you'll be given direction or instructions, now button your blouse and straighten your skirt so we can begin.

Debbie looked down, buttoned her blouse and smoothed her skirt.  Stand up, I said.  She stood up and I thrust my arm up under her skirt and felt her ass, mound and legs.  Just checking to see your all arranged, I said.  Standing, I covered her tits with my hands and felt each trying to pinch her nipples.

You've got nice tits, I said.  Maybe later I'll fuck your tits, would you like that?  Debbie didn't answer, but allowed me to continue to feel her.

I stopped and moved to a closed connecting door.  To be a movie star you need a support cast, so lets meet your costars, I said opening the door.

First through the door was Jim, who's presence caused Debbie's mouth to drop in pure shock as he said,  Hi Debbie, or would you still like me to call you Mrs. Wilson he asked?  Debbie was wild eyed.

What are you doing, Debbie began to say, as Jim who was a department manager where she worked interrupted saying, I'm been looking forward to this afternoon for some time now.

A stunned Debbie looked to Chris for some signal but he just sat there as he heard Jim continue by saying, you know Mrs. Wilson I've often wondered about you, and now I'm going to find out, that is unless anyone objects.

Debbie started to open her mouth, then stopped, then asked, what do you want from me?  Jim looked to me and I nodded my head, so he said, everything you have, every which way, and then some.

Continuing he said, you know you've sometimes strutted around the office looking holier than thou, so now I want to see you strut around now.  So this is a pretty large room, so why don't you just begin by walking back and forth to the door, he said.

Debbie turned and began walking towards the door, when Jim said, come on Mrs. Wilson, shake your ass so I'll want to see what's under that skirt.  When she turned her back another surprise visitor entered the room and remained in the back behind the lights.

Debbie put a little sway in her step then at the door, turned and started to walk back towards Jim.  Oh come on he said, shake those big titties for me.  Debbie tried to put a little bounce in her step, but there wasn't much visible giggle from her boobs.

When she stopped in front of Jim, he reached for her hips then ran his hands over her hips and thighs before reaching behind her and squeezing her ass.  He then reached for the snaps and zipper on her skirt.

Think it's about time I get to see what you've been covering up, said Jim as he unfastened the skirt and then slid it down over Debbie's hips to the floor, then helping her to step out of it before looking straight at her crotch.

Jim put his hand between her legs and started to rub his thumb over her her panty saying, now take off the top Mrs. Wilson.

Debbie shuttered a little, then reached for the buttons on her blouse and began unfastening them until her blouse was open and a portion of her bra was fully exposed.  Take it off, said Jim to which Debbie removed the blouse and tossed it aside leaving her in just her bra and panties.

Now, said Jim, this is what I've been wondering about for some time, what was really under those dresses. Nice tits, nice ass and I bet a very sweet pussy, he said.  Now show me how everything moves, he said to Debbie....go ahead, to the door and back and make it all move.

Debbie turned and walked to the door her ass was visible through her panties.  As she turned around and walk back towards Jim, her tits were clearly giggling above her bra.

Unhook your bra said Jim.  Debbie reached behind her and unhooked the bra allowing the straps to flap free as she held her arms against her body.  Now turn around, said Jim.

As Debbie turned Jim reached and pulled her panties down and helped her step out of them.  He then pushed her shoulder straps off her shoulders and watched as her bra fell to the floor.  As a flush passed over Debbie, Jim cupping her ass said, Mrs. Wilson bend over.

As I continued to film the scene, Debbie bent over a bit and Jim started to spread her cheeks apart.  Bend further, said Jim, put your hands on your knees for support.  Debbie followed his instructions and soon heard him say, oh Mrs. Wilson you've got some sweet fuck holes.

He then began to push a finger against Debbie's rosebud, but she jumped and almost seemed ready to bolt out the door.  No, not that, she said to Jim, then returned to her bent over position.

Jim again moved to her rosebud asking if she was a virgin.  Yes, she said, and again jumped as he pushed against it.  Please don't, she again asked.  

What's it worth to you for me to stop, asked Jim, as the tip of his finger began to disappear into her.  Don't, she said, Stop!  And then she straightened herself and turned around to face us.

Those are nice tits, said Jim, let me feel them.  Debbie however stood her ground and looked to me, then over towards her husband, Chris.  Sorry, she said, guess we're going to default.

Want to see if things can be worked out, I asked looking first to Debbie, then to Chris?  Chris and Debbie looked at one another and he nodded his head in approval.

Okay, Debbie said, Chris wants me to continue, but no anal, she added.  And what's the trade off, asked Jim?  Adding, what do I get in lieu of, he asked.

What do you want, was the very nervous question from Debbie. Come here said Jim, I want to feel your tits while I think about it.  

Debbie took a few steps towards him and stopped.  Lean forward he said, I want to enjoy 100% of your tits.  As she started to bend forward, he took her hands and put them on his shoulders and in moments Jim's face was all but blocked from view by Debbie's hanging tits.

As he began playing with her hangers and pinching her nipples, Jim asked, Mrs. Wilson is it fair to say that your pussy and mouth can be fucked, but your ass is off limits?   Yesssss, wailed Debbie as Jim accented the question with an extra strong pinch to one of her nipples.  

Before Debbie could answer further, Jim thrust his hand between her legs and started rubbing her pussy, while she continued to support herself and he still played with her tits.  Oh she moaned as he began fingering her and shuttered some which shook her tits.

So you willing to bet you ass, Jim asked Debbie, as he lovingly slapped her tit causing it to swing in front of him.  What, what do you want, asked Debbie.

For a start, said Jim, you, to fuck and suck when I want for the next 6 months.  I can't, said Debbie, then called out, Chris I love you, but he didn't answer and Jim pulled on both her tits causing her to cry out, then instead he said, your going to undress my wife and then lick her pussy while I fuck you.

Debbie heard what was said, but didn't react to it until from out of the shadows Jim's wife Sharon stepped into the light.  Without missing a beat Sharon was on her knees



     






Oh, continued Jim, do you remember my wife Alice he asked.  Debbie looked to Alice and started to acknowledge her.  Get Out, Get Out before I call the police.  Chris, Chris, she called, make these people leave.

Now now I said, calm down.  Debbie, I said, remember the agreement. Yes. Well this is part of it, I said and is Hans request.  But, she started to protest, as I held up my hand not wanting to hear it.

Jim said, I guess your husband heard me commenting at an office party once on how hot you were and the next thing I knew, well here we are, he said.

Hot, Debbie said with a giant question mark in her voice.  Oh yes, hot hot hot said Jim.  When you walk through the office in your skirt and blouse I watch your tits bounce, and then your ass sway under your skirt,  yes very hot, he said, and you know I was right...just look at you.

Alice chimed in, and when I asked Jim what was happening at work one day, he confessed to me about you, so I certainly wanted to meet you at the last office gathering and was equally impressed.

But, began Debbie, I'm, well older, I......her voice trailed off and she just looked at everyone.  Doesn't matter, said Jim, I've watched you for a few years now.  Your tits under those silk blouses and your ass wiggling as you come by my desk and now...I know I want to fuck you.

Please, Debbie started to say, but I cut her off.  Debbie, I said, lets stop this here and now.  You remember what we're here for, I asked?  Yes, she meekly replied.  Good, I said, now undress Alice for me.  Debbie looked at me in shocked disbelief as I added, and also tell Chris and the camera about it as you proceed.







I, I don't know what to do, began Debbie.  Take off her dress, I said and with that Debbie stepped behind Alice and unzipped the dress and pushed it from her shoulders revealing Alice's black lace push up bra.

Keep going, I said, and Debbie begin to push the dress over Alice's hips and ended up with her face staring at Alice's bare ass as she was wearing a thong.

Debbie was sort of in a state of shock not knowing what to do in the circumstance, when Alice turned around and faced her then put her hands on her tits and buried her face in Debbie's cleavage.

Oh Jim, said Alice, you're just going to love these tits.  They're so nice and bigger than mine too.  

As Alice was about to step out of the dress laying on the floor, I told Debbie to look at Alice's tits.  She stood up after helping Alice and stood to the side of her.  What do you think, I asked Debbie.  

She has a very nice figure, was the reply.  You like the way her bra shows her tits, I asked.  I don't know, I guess so, Debbie replied.  Do you have a bra like this, I asked?  No, I don't think so, said Debbie.





Debbie moved her hands to the belt and untied it, then peeled the robe from her shoulders and tossed it aside.  Wow said Jim, you are beautiful.  I love your tits, he said as Debbie started to cover herself, but then began to blush from his attention.


















