Wife Exposed At Resort
by Butchheathway

Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 01

Wife gets daring at resort spa.

This story happened when my wife and I were having a well- earned break at a resort in Sabah Malaysia.

I was offered the break free of charge through contacts at work so with very short notice we packed a few things and flew to Kota Kinabalu for 10 days sun, sea and relaxation.

My wife (Wendy) and I had been busy working and hadn't taken a break of any length in over a year so we were both desperate to get away and do nothing in particular, relax and unwind mostly.

When we arrived the temperature was high and the humidity was outrageous. I was covered in sweat by the time the door closed on the taxi.

The resort was some way from the airport so we had a good 45 minutes in air-conditioned comfort as we discussed what we had planned for the next few days.

"I just want to lay on the beach and drink cocktails." Wendy said.

"I'll be joining you but the pool here is supposed to be fantastic."

"Too many people at the pool I bet, I just want some peace and quiet."

When we pulled into the driveway of the resort it was already early evening and as we got out of the taxi we were greeted with a welcoming drink and a quick run through of the resorts' various amenities.

We were shown to our room and left to our own devices.

"What do you fancy doing?" I asked Wendy.

"Oh, let's just grab a bite to eat, maybe another of those delicious cocktails and go for a walk along the beach."

"I need to freshen up so I bag the first shower."

As she said that she ran to the bathroom, discarding her travel clothes on the way.

I sat on the edge of the bed and followed the trail of clothes with my eyes.

First the loose cotton top, then the baggy leggings in a crumpled heap and her bra dangling from the door handle.

I got up from the bed and walked towards the open door, as I reached the door I looked down to see her black knickers lying on the tiled floor.

I pushed open the bathroom door and looked in to see Wendy facing up to the shower-head while holding her curly auburn hair back from her face.

Her magnificent 36dd breasts taking the full force of the powerful hot water stream.

She was unaware of my presence as she started to soap up her entire upper body, slowly rubbing between her butt cheeks with her left hand while her right hand moved lower and lower until it reached between her legs to massage her pudenda.

She seems lost in her own world as she slowly strokes between her legs from in front and behind.

She opened her eyes and noticed me standing there staring at her voluptuous naked body.

With a naughty glint in her eye she switched the source of the water from the overhead shower to smaller shower head attached to a hose.

She theatrically started to rinse off the suds, first from her breasts and belly then, holding the showerhead over her shoulder rinsed her back and backside.

She slowly moves the showerhead down her back, turns to face me as she opens her legs and aims the water stream up and between her legs.

She looks glorious as she holds one arm across her breasts while the other aims the water jet onto her clit.

She stands up straight and turns off the water.

"That shower attachment is going to come in handy." She laughs.

"I'm looking forward to helping you play with it."

I quickly shower and join my wife in the living room area of the suite.

She is already dressed in a pair of light coloured loose cotton mid length pants and a light coloured t-shirt and sandals.

"I'll have to buy a few things as I didn't pack much and I can see I'll be changing twice a day at this rate."

"The resort has a decent sized shop so we could pickup basic stuff from there I suppose, otherwise it's a trip into town."

"Yes, we can check it out in the morning."

We walked over to the main body of the resort to check out what the food options were.

There were four different restaurants and a couple of stands servicing a communal seating area, kind of like a small food court.

We sat and ate a little street stall food and ordered a couple of long island ice teas from the bar, and then a couple more and then went for a walk along the beach.

We walked away from the resort about 1km until it was dark and then turned around and started back to the faint lights of the resort.

We walked in the shallow surf carrying our footwear, as we got closer to the resort we could see that we were the only ones on the beach.

The lights from the resort barely made it to the waters' edge so I suggested a skinny dip.

"Come on, we can leave our clothes on one of those picnic tables and have a quick swim, no one is around to see."

Wendy was unsure at first but the heat and humidity must have persuaded her as she started to strip down to her knickers.

"I'm leaving these on, I'm not feeling that daring."

Her white knickers seemed to almost glow in the dark and her breasts looked glorious in the dim light.

I stripped off completely and said, "Who cares, let's go."

We waded into the shallow water and it was luke warm.

We had to wade out quite a distance before we were waist deep.

I followed Wendy on the way out so I could see her stride over the low, gentle waves, watching as her knickers gradually became see through as they became wet.

We paddled around a bit with me trying to grab her and pull down her knickers.

We splashed around for a bit when she suddenly stopped and looked back towards the beach.

"I think there's someone there by the trees watching us."

"I can't see anyone". "Anyway they can't see much, there's not enough light."

"I suppose."

I moved next to her and put my arms around her waist and nuzzled her neck.

She stayed still kneeling in the water facing the beach.

I kneeled behind her and started to move my left hand down her belly towards the front of her knickers.

She opened her legs slightly.

I move my hand inside her knickers and get three fingers between her legs.

She rises up slightly so her knickers are just up out of the water.

I use my right hand to pull down her knickers at the back so I can place my now erect cock between her legs.

She moans quietly as I open her lips with my fingers and gently slide my cock back and forth between her legs, brushing her clit with my cock.

She has one arm across her breasts, stroking her right nipple with her left hand and her right hand is rubbing her pussy from the front.

"I think they're watching me." She groans.

I'm becoming more excited although nowhere near orgasm when she stands up, pulls her knickers up roughly and starts wading towards the beach.

I follow her in and quickly overtake her so I can see her from the front, as she strides in I can clearly see her full bush through her now transparent knickers, she looks like a goddess with her proud breasts swaying naked and free.

As she approaches the table where we left our clothes she looks left and right along the tree line and seems agitated as she sits at the edge of the table.

I walk towards her and step between her open legs.

"Do you want to be fucked?" I whisper in her ear.

"Yes, fuck me."

I pull the crotch of her wet knickers to one side and slide into her incredibly wet pussy.

She groans as she lies back on the table with her legs dangling off the edge.

I lean forward as I slowly slide my cock in and out and suck her left nipple into my mouth.

I use my left hand to rub and tweak her right nipple until they are both engorged and hard.

Her head is slowly rolling from left to right and then stays facing her right as she brings her hand up to her mouth and starts to suck and lick her middle finger.

This sets me off over the edge and I start to really thrust deeply and ask her.

"Is this how you like to be fucked"?

"Yes, fuck me, harder, faster."

"Would you like it if someone was watching now?"

She really sucks her finger into her mouth.

"Would you like a cock in your mouth while you're being fucked?'

She groans as she starts to convulse and I can feel her pussy gripping my cock as she has a powerful orgasm.

She takes her fingers from her mouth and grabs me with both hands to pull me in deeper.

"Fuck me, fuck me harder, harder."

I'm pounding away at this point and just before I cum, I pull out and shoot spurt after spurt of jism over her pussy and belly.

She lies back on the table for a while idly toying with the cum on her belly with her fingers.

I'm gradually shrinking but the sight of her lying back with her legs wide open is starting to stiffen my cock.

This is unusual, I normally need at least 15 minutes at the best of times.

"Would you like to be fucked again?"

She gets up off the table and turns around and bends over the table.

I rip off her knickers and she leans further forward and opens her legs wide.

"Fuck me, fuck me good and hard."

I slide my cock into her gaping pussy and proceed to fuck her hard.

She is more worked up than I've ever seen her.

I decide to see if I've guessed this fantasy right.

"Did you like it when I was watching you fuck your husband?"

"Yyesss."

"Do you like being fucked by a complete stranger?"

"Yes."

"My friend is over there watching, would you like him to join in?"

"Yes."

"What would you like him to do?"

"Fuck me."

"You're going to suck his cock bitch."

"Mmmmmm, yes."

With her head flat on the table she opens her mouth and starts to suck the fingers of her right hand.

She's groaning as she fucks her mouth with her cum covered fingers.

I thrust harder and faster until I pull out and cum all over her arse.

She still has her mouth full as I sink to my knees and find her clit with my tongue and insert three fingers into her sopping pussy.

It isn't long before her legs start to quiver and I feel the tell tale grasp of her pussy around my fingers.

She sighs in contentment as she comes down from her orgasm.

"Oh, that was nice, I feel well fucked."

"You were well fucked, three times, did you enjoy being watched?"

"I loved being watched, let's do it again tomorrow."


Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 02

We were lazing in bed the first morning of our stay deciding what to do on our first full day.

Wendy wanted to check out the resort shop to see if there was any clothing she could pick up as she'd only packed a small case as the trip was so last minute.

I suggested that the shop may be fine for emergency items but if she wanted more choice then we should head into town, which was only a 30-minute car ride.

"Ok, we can have a quick look and then see about getting a car into town." She said.

Although the resort shop was fairly well stocked it was still a pretty limited range of clothing on offer.

We arranged with the concierge to get a lift into town in one of the grand old Mercedes cars, which the resort used as courtesy cars.

The driver wore an old-fashioned uniform and cap to complete the illusion of being in the 1920's or something.

As we drove into town I quizzed Wendy on what it was she was looking for.

"What do you want to find in town?"

"Oh, a swimsuit at least and maybe a dress for eating out and something more casual perhaps."

"So not much then." I laughed. "Sounds like we're going on a spree."

"Don't be silly, it's only a couple of outfits and they won't be very expensive."

"I don't mind at all, especially if you buy some sexy underwear to go with your fancy dresses."

"I'll keep that in mind." She said as she playfully punched my arm.

The driver steered the car into the entrance of a multi-storey building, which turned out to be like a large department store with different shops on each level.

"This is the best shopping in town." The driver said. "Everything available here."

We walk through the car park to start our shopping trip on level five.

There are about twenty shops on each level situated around common seating areas with a central set of escalators going up and down to each level.

Wendy enters the first shop, which appears to have a large selection of swimsuits.

She picks a couple of one-piece bathers to try on first.

"Come and tell me what you think." She says as she enters the small changing room situated at the back of the store.

I find a stool to sit on as she pulls the curtain closed behind her.

"I'm not sure about this one." She says as she opens the curtain to reveal a pretty conservative dark blue swimsuit with thick shoulder straps that leaves everything to the imagination.

"I sure, it's awful. Your grandmother wouldn't wear it."

She closes the curtain and I can hear her shuffling around removing the granny suit.

"Let's see the next one."

She pokes her head around the curtain. "Hang on, have some patience."

I notice as she looks towards me she glances over my shoulder at someone she has seen hovering at the clothing rack behind me.

She looks back at me and gently bites her bottom lip.

The next time she opens the curtain she pulls it all the way open and stands wearing a very revealing black swimsuit.

She stands with her legs slightly parted and her hands on her hips.

"What do you think?"

The swimsuit is really sexy with high cut legs and low cut top and a cut out centre exposing her belly button and most of her midriff.

"I think it looks great, turn around."

She slowly turns to reveal what looks like a pair of bikini bottoms and a couple of thin straps crossed over the shoulders holding the front up.

"Oh my, that looks good."

She looks over her shoulder at me and again I notice her glance beyond me at her unknown admirer.

She turns and with both hands starts to adjust the suit either side of her pussy.

"You don't think it's cut a little high?" She asks.

I smile as I say.

"I don't, but then I've never minded seeing a little hair poking out."

"Cheeky sod."

She closes the curtain but not all the way.

She seems completely unaware of her audience.

I watch as she slowly peels off one strap then the other and then starts to pull down the front of the suit to reveal her magnificent breasts.

I quickly glance behind me to see a casually dressed black guy pretending to look at the rack of clothes hanging in the window.

I look back at Wendy as she turns around and peels off the suit from her backside, her bare arse is completely exposed as she bends down to pick up the suit from the floor.

She turns back around to face me holding the suit in front of her.

It's hanging between her breasts and just about hides her pussy from view.

She seems to be frozen in place and is looking beyond me as she stands there completely naked.

She slowly closes the curtain and when she's dressed steps out with the bathing suit in her hand.

"Let's get this one." She says again glancing over to her unknown admirer.

We buy the suit and leave the shop.

"Did you see you had another admirer back there?" I asked her.

"Yes, not at first but I saw him when I wore the second bathing suit."

"Is that why you left the curtain open?" "To give him a better view?"

"No, not at all." "I didn't notice really until I stood up with the suit in my hand."

"Really? How did it make you feel?"

"Well, I was quite horny to begin with but seeing someone else there made me really hot."

"He was pretending not to look but I saw him rubbing his cock through his trousers."

"I think he's following us now, what do you want to do?"

"Just ignore him and carry on shopping."

"Ok but a six foot tall black guy is going to be pretty hard to ignore."

We find a shop selling pretty fancy designer knock offs so we walk in and I notice after a minute or so our voyeur friend follows us.

"I shouldn't have stood there that long letting him see my tits but I was kind of in a trance."

"Plus it turned you on."

"Yes, yes it does turn me on."

"Are you going to show us some more?"

"I suppose I might."

Wendy picks up a couple of outfits and takes them to the dressing rooms at the rear of the store.

The dressing room in this store is quite big with a large mirror on the back wall a wide curtain at the front.

I can hear her changing into the first outfit behind the curtain as I hear movement behind me.

Wendy appears in front of me wearing a loose blouse tucked into a just above the knee pleated skirt.

She looks at me then glances to her left where I presume her voyeur is standing.

"What do you think?" She asks.

"It's ok I suppose but not particularly sexy."

"You haven't seen what's underneath."

"Well, are you going to show me what's underneath?"

She looks down and starts to unbutton the blouse slowly starting at the top working her way down until she pulls it open to reveal a very sexy black lacy bra.

She looks up towards me and then another glance to her left.

"More?" She asks.

I nod as she starts to unfasten the large buttons on the side of the skirt, starting at the bottom and working her way up.

She reaches the top button at her waist and teases it loose then slowly unwraps the skirt and exposes her black lacy knickers and a flimsy garter belt.

Again she raises her eyes and looks at me.

I can feel my heart pounding and my dick hardening.

I can't believe how hot she looks.

I can't believe how horny I am.

I look beyond Wendy to see in the mirror her admirer give an approving nod.

Wendy retreats into the dressing room and closes the curtain.

I approach the curtain and speak to her.

"I take it back about the outfit, it's a keeper."

"I'm glad you like it, I feel so horny knowing I'm wearing that underneath."

"Me too, what's next?"

"Just wait."

I turn around to walk back to my vantage point and see the guy sheepishly shuffle over to a clothes rack and pretend to be interested in the lingerie hanging there.

Wendy opens the curtain once again and this time she's wearing a very tight fitting pale green dress.

It is very low cut at the front showing her ample cleavage and has a split at the side starting at her hip.

"I'm not sure about this one."

"Oh, why's that?" "It looks great to me."

She turns to show her beautiful backside tightly covered in the fine fabric.

"I can't wear any underwear if I'm wearing this."

She's right, there are no tell tale lines around her backside and the open back reveals she's not wearing a bra.

She looks so fucking hot my cock is uncomfortably swollen.

"Show me."

She pauses, and using both hands smoothes the fabric down over her backside.

She then turns toward me and gently parts the fabric at her hip to expose the naked flesh beneath.

Wendy then moves her right leg forward and I can see her inner thigh all the way up to her pussy.

"Oh my, that is gorgeous, you have to take that."

She looks over toward her not so secret admirer and smiles warmly and opens the fabric wider while holding the pose.

She turns and heads back behind the curtain.

I approach the closed curtain and speak to her through it.

"You've got me so hard I can barely walk straight."

"You'll have to wait until we get back to our room before we can do something about it."

"Oh you tease, you're killing me here."

"You're not the only one, I'm enjoying this so much."

She leaves the changing room and buys the outfits and underwear she likes and we proceed to the next shop.

Wendy picks a couple of summer dresses and takes them to the changing area that is in a corridor between two shops.

This is going to make it difficult for our voyeur to remain incognito.

She enters the end cubicle and closes the curtain behind her.

I look behind me to see if our friend has followed us, of course he has and is standing about five yards behind me.

He can't pretend to be doing anything else at this point so he just gives me a sheepish grin and looks past me at the closed curtain.

Wendy emerges wearing a very pretty, light summer dress with three big buttons holding it together at the front.

"That's nice, I'm guessing you're wearing knickers under there."

"I might be, I might not."

"Show me."

She looks at our friend and unbuttons the top button and slowly opens the top of the dress until she exposes her naked breasts.

She then unbuttons the next two buttons and with her legs slightly parted opens the dress wide to fully reveal her naked curves.

My god, she looks magnificent.

Her breasts are big and perfect with large dark red nipples, fully erect.

Her slender waist sits above her beautiful curvy hips and soft downy neatly trimmed triangle between her open legs.

She looks like a goddess. She is a goddess.

I hear a faint groan behind me and see Wendy staring at our friend stroking his cock through his trousers.

She retreats behind the curtain.

I walk towards her and ask her if she's ready to go, as I'm desperate to get her back to the room and fuck her.

"I'm not sure, I'm so horny, so wet."

I pull open the curtain and step inside closing the curtain behind me.

Wendy is naked hanging the dress up on the back wall of the small cubicle.

I step forward and put my left hand over her mouth and my right hand between her legs.

She stumbles forward slightly and braces herself with both hands on the wall.

I ease her legs apart slightly with my knee.

"Stay quiet and you won't get hurt, do you understand?"

She nods slowly.

I remove my hand from her mouth and slide first two then three fingers into her soaking wet pussy.

"You've been teasing me all day and now you're going to be fucked."

"Do you want to be fucked?"

She groans "Yessss."

I reach around and start to gently rub her clit as I slide my fingers in and out.

"Oh give me your cock, fuck me."

I remove my fingers and replace them with my cock.

The curtain opens and our friend is standing there openly wanking his large cock.

Wendy looks around to see and while I'm still inside her kneels down sideways on the bench against the back of the cubicle.

There she is on her hands and knees being fucked from behind with a complete stranger furiously stroking his cock just inches from her face.

I realise I'm not going to last long this is so erotic.

My wife is mesmerised staring at this strangers cock.

She has taken over playing with her clit as I hold her hips with both hands as I frantically fuck her from behind.

The top of my thighs are slapping against my wife's arse as I pick up the pace ramming my cock into her pussy as far as I can go.

"Oh, this is too much I'm going to cum." She gasps.

She starts to tremble and is panting and groaning with her mouth wide open.

Our friend takes full advantage of Wendy's position and slides his cock into her open mouth.

My legs start to buckle as I feel my wife's pussy contract around my cock.

I give one last thrust sinking my cock deep inside before pulling out and showering Wendy's arse in cum.

Wendy has both hands now bracing herself on the bench as she moves her mouth back and forth over the stranger's cock.

I've never seen her like this, she's never been a big fan of oral but she looks like an expert cocksucker.

They are both groaning and I set Wendy off on a second wave as I fuck her with my fingers.

My wife is in the middle of her orgasm as the stranger starts to thrust a little more forcefully and he grunts as he fills my wife's mouth with cum.

Wendy clamps her mouth around his cock and wraps her fingers around the base as she swallows the entire load.

She's sucking him dry as his legs tremble with the effort of standing in place.

She gradually withdraws her lips over his cock until she sits there with her mouth open and a thin string of cum joins the tip of his cock and her tongue.

She leans forward and takes his entire length into her willing mouth and slowly withdraws licking the end clean of all traces.

It's one of the most erotic things I've ever witnessed.

Without a word being spoken the stranger quickly zips up and scrambles away back down the corridor.

"Oh my god, I feel so dirty." Wendy says.

"Wow, did that just happen?"

"Yes it did now let's get out of here."

We packed up everything and made our way back to the waiting car and drove back to the resort.



4