This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  The author may be contacted at rkhaan@ix.netcom.com.  Copyright 1998, Robert B. Morton II, all rights reserved.


Disclaimer

For those individual not of legal age to read this where they live, shame on you!  For those folks who may be offended by this writing, all I can say is caveat lector - you have been warned.  The following is a work of fiction and the usual statements about bearing any resemblance to people or places, living or dead, being coincidental, etc., apply here.

The Long Walk, by Rob Morton (M/M, some hetero)

ONE

I got out of the cab, thanking the driver for the ride.  As he sped off on another trip, I stood looking at the rather small bungalow-style house, thinking about the woman on the other side of the door waiting for my arrival.

Before I could knock on the door, it opened to reveal Lynn, her bright blue eyes glimmering in the reflection of the overhead street light.  I smiled appreciatively at her, taking in her short blond hair framing an impish face, making her look younger than her 28 years.  At 5'3", she had to look up a little, her smile fading just a little.

"What are you smiling about?" she asked, stepping aside to admit me.  I gladly stepped inside - it was a little brisk this evening and the weather was calling for snow overnight.

"Nothing.  Just thinking how much you look like a little girl."  I handed her my coat, soaking in the welcome warmth of the living room.

"Little girl my ass," she replied, punching me lightly on my arm.  "Want some coffee?"

"Please.  It's cold out."

Coffee was served up and we sat for a moment talking about the day's events.  As Lynn talked, I took in her beauty, noticing for the first time the powder blue, lacy nightgown she was wearing.  My mind was already envisioning filling her tight cunt with my hardening shaft.

Lynn sat forward suddenly, her brows furrowing.  "You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?"

Uh, oh.  "Sorry, hon, I was just admiring the view," I replied, nodding at her rather revealing outfit.

Lynn's glare softened as she took in my dark features.  "Like what you see, do you?"

"You know it."

Lynn got up from her favorite chair, crossing the short distance between us to place her firm bottom on my lap, further encouraging my cock to sit up and pay attention.  She held my face in one hand, toying with my tightly braided hair with the other.

"If my mother could see me, she'd have kittens," Lynn commented, placing light kisses along my cheeks.

"Why?" I asked, getting very much aroused.  I could feel the heat of her center, burning like a coal into my crotch.

"Decent white women like me shouldn't be fucking black guys like you."

I choked back a laugh with some difficulty.  "Whoever said you were decent?"

"You motherfucker!" Lynn grabbed a few strands of my goatee and pulled just hard enough to get my attention.

"And," I continued, "I never fucked your mother.  At least not yet I haven't."  My lips sought out and found a certain spot along Lynn's neck, sucking gently.

Lynn moaned softly, clutching my head to her neck.  "Mom'll just have to get her own..."


TWO

A couple of hours later, I left Lynn sleeping peacefully.  It was really late and I had to get back to the city for a few hours of sleep myself.  Feeling pretty good, I had decided to walk.  I had spent the last two hours fucking Lynn stupid and was pretty energized.  Making sure the door was secure I flipped up the collar of my field jacket, jammed my hands in my pockets, and headed home.

My thoughts were occupied with Lynn, her screams of pleasure as orgasm after orgasm flowed through her, her pleas for me to stop falling on deaf ears.  I smiled; that was one lady who had definitely bitten off more than she could chew!  I was so absorbed in patting myself on the back for a fuck well done I didn't hear the car pull up alongside me.  A honk of the horn shattered my reverie - and damn near scared the piss out of me.

I turned to see a man peering out of the passenger window, which was down.  "Need a lift?  I'm heading towards town..."

In an instant, I went from feeling the afterglow of good sex to fully alert and ready to fight.  Most people wouldn't dream of picking up a tall, muscular Black man in this part of town and at this time in the morning.  For me, anyone who would got my undivided attention.  The man behind the wheel looked to be in his late 40's, soft and flabby and not very dangerous.  More reason for me to be careful.

"Nah, I can walk.  Thanks anyway."  I turned to walk away, my senses open wide for any signs of trouble.

"Hey, wait a minute!  Man, it's cold as shit out here and, look, it's starting to snow."

Sure enough, I could see the first fat snowflakes beginning to fall.  Damn!  Even as I stood pondering things, the flakes began to fall faster, covering the sidewalk at an alarming rate.

"Well?" the man asked.  "What's up?"

Against my better judgement - and motivated by the prospect of a long, cold, snowy walk home, I said, "Sure."

"Cool.  Hop on in!"  As I slid into the welcome warmth of the car, the driver pulled off.

"The name's Allen.  Man, it's gonna snow like a bitch!"

"Rob.  Which way you headed?"

Allen nodded in the general direction of the city looming ahead of us.  "Seventh and Church Street."

Good.  That wasn't far from where I lived.  "I can get out there, if you don't mind."  I sat waiting for any objection from this guy, a sure sign something would be wrong.

"No problem," he responded.  We continued on for about another mile or so in silence before Allen broke the silence.

"Can I ask you something?"

"Go ahead."

"How much would you charge somebody to suck your dick?"

I knew it!  I rolled my eyes heavenward.  Every damn time!  Beside me, Allen waited for my answer, so I gave him one.  "A thousand dollars."  There, that should take care of that.

"A grand?  Man, you look like you got a big dick, but it ain't worth no thousand dollars!  I'll give you a hundred."

Shit!  A hundred bucks?  I turned my head just enough to catch a glimpse of Allen looking at me with great anticipation.  Ah, well...

"Deal," I said.


THREE

Minutes later, we arrived at Allen's place which was rather unremarkable.  Suddenly, I was having second thoughts about this but, stupidly, I'm pretty much a man of my word.  If I say I'm gonna do something, I do it.

Impatiently, I stood in the middle of the room while Allen muttered apologies for the mess in the room.  I wanted to get this over with, collect my $100 and be about my business.  After a few minutes, Allen finally turned to me, a crisp new $100 bill between his pudgy fingers.

"Let's see the merchandise," he said his voice suddenly husky.

"Sure," I said and proceeded to undress.  As I did so, I could see Allen's eyes light up with anticipation, his breathing becoming a bit labored.  Seconds later, I stood before him naked.

"Yeah," he said.  "I was right.  A damned big dick, a fine piece of black snake!"  He reached across handing me the $100 bill then fell to his knees, his scruffy beard tickling my stomach as Allen ran his tongue along the top of my cock shaft.  Despite the virtual wrestling match I had with Lynn, my cock began to rise.

"I taste pussy.  You fucked a woman with this, didn't you?"

"Yep."  No harm in telling him the truth and, besides, I had the $100.

Allen stood, practically tearing his clothes off.  "On the bed - hurry."  I followed the little man to the bedroom.  He sat on the edge of the bed and I caught a glimpse of his erection - and the devil jumped up on my shoulder and whispered in my ear.

"Turn the table on him!  He won't be expecting it!"  Sounds like a good idea to me...

I stepped toward Allen, my cock bouncing in front of me.  Like a starving man, he began to suck me in earnest, making the kind of obscene slurping noises you'd expect from some bad X-rated flick.  His hands pawed at my ass, holding me in place while he gobbled my maleness.  I looked down, taking a perverse delight in seeing my thick cock disappearing between his lips, thinking he was better at this than Lynn was.  That got me smiling and the devil, who was also sitting on my shoulder biding his time said, "Now."

I took a small step back, my very rigid cock plopping out of his mouth.  In the same motion, I shoved Allen back onto the bed which such force he slid back until his head hit the headboard.  Still in motion, I grapevined his legs with my arms and lowered my head to his small member.  As I took him into my mouth, I had an absurd thought:  My dick was bigger than his soft...

Taken completely by surprise, Allen squealed in protest.  "No!  No!  Stop!  Don't do this!"

I lifted my head long enough to say, "Shut the fuck up."  I returned to sucking his cock, taking the entire length of him and his balls into my mouth.  Beneath me, Allen struggled to free himself, pleading with me to stop and he'd pay more money if I did.

Fat chance, Al old boy.  Even after a few seconds, I could feel the tremors running along his cock and, seconds later, he filled my mouth with his come, which was being kind.  It was more like he issued a few, pitiful spurts, not even enough for me to barely taste.  And, for some reason, that really pissed me off.


FOUR

Allen lay on the bed, trembling and I stood watching him, my own hardness surging before me.  Looking around the room, I found what I knew would be there - a well-used tube of K-Y jelly.  As a rule, I didn't make it a habit to fuck other men - I myself don't like being fucked.  Oh, but this son-of-a-bitch deserved to be fucked, especially after that little dribble of come.  Crawling across his prone form, I reached for the tube.

Allen followed my hand, his eyes growing wide as he made the connection.  "Aw, fuck!  No, man!  Please!  I'll give you the grand!  Just don't fuck me!"

"Why?  You got the clap or something?"

"No, no!  I just, well, I mean..."

"Then shut the hell up.  Be still, fool."  And, to my surprise, he did just that.  My, this was going to be interesting.

Slowly, I opened the tube of lubricant, making a grand show of greasing up my cock.  Allen's eyes followed my every move and I could see, no.  I could FEEL the fear flowing through him.  It was some heady shit, let me tell you.  He knew what I was going to do to him, knew he was powerless to stop me.  Finished with the show, I cast a cold look at him.  "Open.  Now."  Son-of-a-bitch!  Allen did as I said, spreading his legs and lifting his knees.  Oh, my...

I positioned myself on top of him, my cock poised to tear into him.  "Rob, no!  Man, please!  I'm beggin' you!  I'll give you two thousand!  Just don't stick that motherfucker in my ass!"  My answer was to direct my 180 pounds forward at one specific point in space - the puckered opening of his ass.  Allen screamed out in agony as my knob plunged into him, followed quickly by eight more inches of rock hard cock.  I could hear him gagging and I leaned forward.

"You throw up, I'll be very pissed at you, Al."  His eyes went wide and he clamped his hands over his mouth.

"That's better.  Now,..."  I began to fuck his ass like it was nobody's business.  Funny thing, though.  Part of my mind was horrified at my behavior, really sick at what I was doing.  The other part, well, it was a little busy egging me on.  I plowed into Allen's ass with little mercy.  I could feel the little man's body shake with each hard thrust I put into him.

"Oh, Jesus, oh shit!  Somebody get this crazy motherfucker off me!  Oh, DAMN!"

I look down just in time to see the load of come spurt out - and did it ever!  This load flew out of the head of his cock, coming to rest just under his right eye before running down his cheek.  The second blast reached his eye.  I was, to say the least, impressed.  To show my appreciation for his manly display, I doubled my efforts in his tight, uh, once tight opening, using my 180 pounds to maximum advantage.  The headboard was banging against the wall hard and loud, right in time with my strokes.

Another cry from Allen - I'd long stopped paying attention to them - and a lesser stream of man-juice flowed from his cock.  Just as well, because I was getting close to creaming his asshole.  I withdrew, leaving the head in place and gave Allen two hard, vicious strokes, burying my cock into his ass up to my nuts.

"Oh, Christ!  Don't cream me, man!  Don't bust a nut in my ass!"

"Too late," I grunted and flooded his ass in long spurts.  The devil, busy getting off himself, told me to pull out, so I did.  I reached down and pulled on my quivering meat as spurt after spurt landed on Allen.

I stood, looking down at Allen.  "Hmm," I said.  "Now, that was fun, wasn't it?"  I went into the adjoining bathroom and cleaned up, actually humming to myself.  When I came out, Allen was on his feet and facing me.

"You bastard.  You goddamned, stinking bastard.  You're gonna get what you deserve for what you did to me!"

Halfway dressed, I tensed.  Without taking my eyes off of Allen, I finished dressing, stopping long enough to pick up the $100 bill I'd dropped.  "Really, Allen?  And what do I deserve?"  I was ready to defend myself, if necessary.

"This."  I almost hit him as his hand shot from behind his back but stopped short upon seeing the wad of money, wrapped in a rubber band.  "You deserve all of it.  But, I gotta ask you something."

Pocketing the money, I relaxed.  "What's that?"

"Can I see you again?"

I turned and headed for the front door, Allen right behind me.  I opened the door and stepped through, turning toward him.  "Don't think so, Al.  See, I'm not really into men.  Oh, I like to suck the occasional dick every now and then, but this ain't my bag.  I like women too much."  I closed the door and started home, nodding in great appreciation at the $4,000 in twenties and fifties Allen had given me.


