I have seen a female Dr at the surgery a couple of times to be examined naked from the waist down. 
The first time I had some spots on my bum they had been there a few days and didn't seem to be getting any better so I thought I had better ring the Dr, I spoke to a male Dr and told him about the spots and he asked if I could go to the surgery later so he could take a look so I made an appointment. 
When I got to the surgery I took a seat in the waiting room, I was called into one of the consulting rooms and when I opened the door I saw a female Dr sitting there not the male one I had talked to on the phone. 
I went in and she said "I see you are worried about some spots on your bottom", I said "yes" she then asked if they had spread anywhere else I replied "there are a couple around the front as well"
She then said "ok if you can go over to the examination table and drop your jeans and under wear I will take a look". 
I went over to the table and undid my jeans and pulled them down to below my knees and then did the same with my boxer shorts and bent over the table feeling somewhat exposed and embarrassed she then came over and started to examine the spots and pulling my cheeks apart to examine my arse crack. After a bit she asked me to turn around so she could examine the spots around the front which I did and she took hold of my penis and balls to move them aside so she could see. She then said I could get dressed and that it was nothing to worry about, it was just an infection in the hair folicals and would clear up soon. 
About 6 months later I had been having some problems with my water works and it seemed to be getting worse so I thought I had better get that checked so after looking online I realised that I would probably need to have my prostate checked so I thought to myself it might be a bit less embarrassing if I see the same Dr as she had already examined my bum, so I made an appointment to see her when I went in she asked what what the problem was and I told her. 
She asked if I knew how she would need to examine me, I admitted I had looked online and that she might need to do a digital rectal exam to check the prostate.
She  said I was correct and talked me through what she would do before asking me to go over to the examination table and remove my trousers and underwear and lay on the table on my side I went behind the curtain and took them off placing them on the chair and turned around to see the Dr was washing her hands at the end and had seen me undress and I was now facing her naked from the waist down which made me feel embarrassed but I got onto the table and covered myself with the towel she had put there although as she had seen me undress and then face her and was going to examine me it seemed a waist of time. 
She came over and moved the towel so she could examine my bum (I had also had some bleeding and there where still a couple of spots) she spread my arse cheeks wide apart then after a bit she said "ok I'm going to get a glove and examine your prostate" she came back and I felt the coldness of the lube as she rubbed it around my arse hole then she told me to relax as she started to slide her finger into me.
I felt totally humiliated laying there as good as naked with my bum on full show as she examined me with a finger up my bum but I started to get turned on and was glad that my cock was between my legs and stomach where she couldn't see it. As she continued to examine me I got harder until I had a full erection and as she pushed against my prostate I cum a little bit. 
When she had finished she went and got a tissue and wiped the lube from my bum then asked me to lay on my back so she could check my testicals (she had asked if I had been in any pain and I had said I had had a ball ache for a couple of days) I just lay there on my side then I guess she guessed why as she said "its perfectly normal to get an erection while being examined so don't worry I won't be offended" so I rolled over and she took my hard cock in her hand and felt my balls after what felt like a good examination of them she said I could get dressed and there where some tissues to get cleaned up with if I wanted. 
She pulled the curtain back a bit so she could still see me as she sat at her desk typing on her computer, I just lay there for a few seconds and then stood up and cleaned the bit of cum from my cock and wiped my bum again as it still felt slimy from the lube and got dressed, she said everything seemed ok and gave me some tablets to try.
As I walked through the waiting room with my bum feeling slimy I cum just a little bit. So I went into the toilet to wipe the cum from my cock and try to stop my bum feeling so slimy I decided to strip off to wash my bum but when I got naked I felt a bit naughty so decided to wank myself off. I cum in the toilet then cleaned up my cock and washed my bum, it felt so good knowing that just outside the door in the waiting room there where still 7 or 8 people who had no idea what I was doing in there