My Sisters and Me
by Drew

There wasnt much more to Franks tale. The police never found any other hard evidence that Paco had abducted those girls, and the story later became an urban legend around the town. Frank moved away shortly after the disappearances and never looked back. As far as he knew, Paco, nor any of the girls, were ever found. Nonetheless, the story was going to stick with me, for obvious reasons.

The group of us piled into a taxi van and headed into town. There were a couple of bars that seemed to be bumping, with long lines outside. We got out at one of them and got in the back of the line.

This bloooows, Kenzie groaned, after about 20 minutes of not moving. Theyre not letting anyone in!

I know. Maybe we SHOULD have left at 9PM! Maddy said, giving her big sister an accusatory look.

Oh, shut it. Franks story was prolly the most fun well have tonight. Katie said.

It was creepy! Ara said.

Yeah, seems like it actually DID happen too! Theres some old articles when you Google search it, Kelly said.

What do you guys say we lean into the creepiness? Katie asked.

What?

Lets ditch this tourist club, were not getting in, anyway! Im sure we can find a dive bar down the road.

But we got all dressed up, Kenzie protested.

Who cares? We either show off our outfits to some old local drunks or we stand out here all night getting more and more sober, Katie said.

Im down for a dive bar, Jordan said. And the others agreed. The swaying factor was Katies line about becoming more sober.

We began walking down the main drag of town, which was just one street, about 2 miles long. We branched off one the side-roads and found our way into a poorly lit neighborhood. Wasnt long before we found what Katie was looking for.

The building was an old piece of shit. It was built of weathered bricks and had a sign out front that read Mikes. The sign wasnt even lit. We bashed through the front door and it felt like we were a group of summer interns, their first day on the job. All eyes were instantly on us, judging us, checking out the girls, and ultimately deciding that we werent worth the hassle.

There were more people in the bar than I wouldve initially thought. Maybe 15 to 20. Mostly older men, but there were a few women that looked rough around the edges and never grew out of their high school looks. We were clearly out of place, even without being overly dressed. Luckily, I still had a decent buzz going.

Clubs are over on Main, The bartender grumbled. He was a tall, fat man, with a scraggly, grey beard.

Couldnt get in, Ill take a Miller draft please, Katie said with her alluring confidence.

Ditto. Kelly said.

The bartender looked curiously at the girls before pouring their beers. The rest of us ordered, and he didnt bother to check any of our IDs (shocking, I know.) We found a table and began drinking up, not saying much, but observing the crowd. They werent very interesting. They played some pool, played some darts, argued amongst each other, and told some stories of their youth that they had probably told fifty times before.

OH MY GOD, wait till you guys see whats over there! Maddy said excitedly when she came back from using the restroom.

What?!

You gotta go see it, Im not spoiling it!

Alright, I gotta see this, Katie said. She strolled over to the back hallway where the bathrooms were located. She took her time and wasnt overly obvious before she came back to her seat with her eyes wide. She, too, didnt ruin the surprise.

One by one we walked over there, and by now, some of the patrons had noticed what we were doing. But I had had a couple more beers in me and really didnt give a shit. I walked over and saw it. A black leather plague doctor mask hanging on the wall.

That things scary A-F! Ara said once all of us had seen it.

Why would they have that on the wall?! Kelly asked. You think thats.the actual one Paco wore?

Okay, one, theres no actual evidence it was Paco, Jordan began. The girls looked at him as if he were a dumbass. What?! Theres not! Yeah, he was perving on his sisters and prolly knew how bad that looked, so he skipped town. Im sure they searched the fuck out of his stuff, they wouldve found something on the missing girls.

Not if he hid all that evidence somewhere elseor you knowburied it with the girls. Kelly said.

Then why did he leave the tape recordings of his sisters? Jordan asked. I really wanted this topic to be dropped.

I dont know, why DID he? Whether he kidnapped those girls or not, it was a stupid thing to leave behind. Not sure why leaving them makes him more innocent? Katie asked.

Thats my point, it WAS stupid. Why was he so careful with everything else, but so careless with the videos? I think when he found out the real plague doctor planted those pictures at the school, he panicked and ran away cause he knew the cops would come back after him. And he knew what they would find. It wasnt worth going back to his place to grab the tapes and risk getting caught.

Youve thought a lot about this, huh, Jordan? Kenzie laughed.

Yeah, weirdo, Kelly laughed as well. What do you think, Drew? I almost spilled my beer.

I errrI dont know. He prolly did it. I guess? Like Katie said its usually fam "

I was interrupted by the bar door opening, and an older man with long black hair, tan skin, and chiseled features came slowly walking in.

WHAT THE FUCK?! Maddy whispered excitedly. Thats him!

Shut up, Mads, no its not, Katie laughed.

Yeah it is, thats him!

Youre being racist, Maddy, Katie continued to giggle.

The man looked around the bar before his dark eyes lingered on the girls at our table  particularly the ones with black hair. He then moved past them, and took a seat at the bar. The others didnt pay him much attention.

We gotta get the fuck out of here! Maddy said, hysterically. It actually was pretty funny now.

Mads, relax! Katie said. You really think all these other people would just be chilling here if that was him?

They all forgot about it! You heard Frank!

They clearly didnt, with that plague mask over there, Kelly said.

Yeah Mads, look around, Katie said. these people have all been coming to this bar since Nam. These are the leftovers from that era.

Whattever, this place gives me the heeby jeebies. Can we go back to the resort? Maddy pleaded.

Agreed, yeahI dont know if this is all some elaborate prank your grandpas pulling or what, but as a girl who prolly fits pretty damn close to how those kidnapped girls looked, Id feel safer at the resort, Ara said. She seemed genuinely nervous, for the first time since Id met her. And I felt extra guilty, given the fact that I had already creeped on her changing. Thank GOD I deleted that video.

Alright, we should all start heading back. Definitely dont think you guys should be going alone, I said, standing up from my chair.

Boooo, you guys are lame, Katie said. But she stood up as well.

We all gathered our things and made our way to the door. I held it open for the girls and Jordan. I dont know why I did it, but I looked back into the bar at the tanned, black-haired man. His coal eyes stared back at me.


**********

Once we got back to the hotel, and in the comfort of familiar faces, it was time to let loose. The hotel bar remained open, though most of the wedding crowd had dispersed. Jim and Kevin were still out, enjoying a nightcap. Emilys bridesmaids were still out and about as well, though Emily herself, along with Amira, seemed to have called it a night.

Nonetheless, our group was the rowdiest. The spookiness of the night had gotten all of us in an excited, playful mood. Jordan and Kenzie had turned their flirting dial up full notch, and I had zero doubt they were going to hook up tonight. They were handsy, making out in public, and even tugging on one anothers clothes. Two cats in heat.

Will you two just go and get it over with already?! Katie asked, loudly.

The couple ignored her.

Uggghhhh theyre insufferable, Kelly groaned.

Tell me about it, I said.

Lets just let them be, Katie started. Theyll eventually find themselves up in one of our rooms and bang it out. Then itll be over with.

Yeah, good plan. Kelly said. A few months ago, she absolutely did not want her brother hooking up with Kenzie. But now, she had given up trying to fight off the inevitable. Katie, Kelly, and I got up and walked out to the pool area with our drinks.

Maddy and Ara were all over the place. They were toasted. Dancing, singing karaoke (poorly), and causing a scene. Jim and Kevin were laughing at them. Emilys bridesmaids looked more annoyed. Even Michaela, who had been drunk this entire trip.

I turned on the gas fireplace out by the pool and hooked my phone up to the Bluetooth speakers. Kelly snuggled up right next to me, and began subtly caressing my arm. I caught Katies grin and raised eyebrows out of the corner of my eye. My arm hooked around Kellys waist, and my hand rested on her thigh.

Katie sat down opposite us. Im not sure if she was trying to get attention, or maybe just teasing me and entertaining herself while Kelly was turned away, but she sat with her legs spread open showing off a TON of thigh. To the point I saw her light panties pop into a view a few times. She also dropped her phone and bent over slowly, exposing her cleavage. I was starting to get horny. But Kelly didnt want to start making out in front of her friend. I actually think she was beginning to get annoyed by the fact that Katie was still here. She let out a tiny sigh, and got up to use the restroom.

You just gonna third-wheel us all night? I said to my sister once Kelly was gone.

Is that what Im doing? She said, unbothered. I just rolled my eyes at her. That why you cant take your eyes off me?

I didnt respond, and the silence was broken by the younger girls.

You guys! Maddy said excitedly. Lets go spy on Kenzie and Jordan!

Oh, leave them alone. Like I said, once they hook up theyll stop acting like this. But if you interrupt it Katie said.

Drew?! Ara asked, ignoring Katie.

I didnt have any interest in seeing what Jordan and Kenzie were up to. I wanted to get laid tonight. Kelly came back out.

Kelly! Were gonna go creep on your brother! Maddy said.

Eww! Kelly said. I dont wanna see that, she giggled.

Cmon! Itll be funny! Maddy said.

Kelly looked at me and smiled. Drew? You gonna go up there? Her facial expression filled in the unsaid words. Perhaps we can sneak off on our own after?

Sure, I said. Lets go.

Nice! Ara and Maddy said. Katie gave me a curious smirk, but got up herself to follow us over to the elevator. We rode up to Jordan and I's room. But as it turned out, we didnt have to do any creeping.

HAHAHAHAHA! There was cackling as soon as the elevator door opened.

Jordan!!! Kenzies screams could be heard. Come back!

Jordan came sprinting down the hallway wearing only boxer briefs and swinging around material in his hand.

What the - ! Katie blurted out.

Jordan! Gross!! Kelly said as she covered her eyes. Put some clothes on!

THE PLAGUE DOCTOR IS BAAAACK!!!!! Jordan cried out. And I realized what was in his hand. He held Kenzies underwear up with pride and burst out laughing. He had drawn a large smiley face on them.

OHHHH MY GOD!!! Maddy was laughing, but put her hand over her mouth in shock.

Jordan! Those are expensive! Kelly scolded him.

She dont care! he replied.

KENZ!!!! Ara shrieked.

Kenzie had sprinted out of the hotel room into the hallway after Jordan. And she was buck ass naked!

AHHH! She yelped when she saw the crowd, but she didnt bother to cover anything. She ran right toward us, her tiny tits barely moved at all. She ran up to Jordan as he held her panties above his head. Kenzie had zero shame, as she jumped up and down, tits and cooch on show, trying to steal them back. Eventually, she gave up, and bent over laughing, and to catch her breath. She finally draped her arms over her privates.

All the commotion had caused some neighboring doors to open. Emily was the first one. She peaked her head out and saw the ridiculous scene. Oh my God! She said. She was somewhat annoyed, somewhat amused. Can you guys take this elsewhere?

Emily, what is it!? I heard Brians excited voice from behind her.

Nothing Brian! Emily screamed out. Go back to bed!

I wanna see whats  whoah!!! Brian snuck his head out and got a full view of Jordan holding the smiley faced underwear and Kenzie cowering beside him. Brian looked her up and down before Emily forced him back into the room.

Goodnight, guys! She said, slamming the door.

On the other side, Alex had opened her door and was staring at us. Once we noticed her, she said Oh! Errr sorry! and shut the door quickly. THANK GOD Nancy hadnt come out. Jordan gave Kenzie her underwear back and she quickly slipped them back on in front of us  showing us her cute little ass in the process.

Guys, we gotta get out of this hallway, I said.

Night swim!? Jordan proposed.

Yeah! Ara and Maddy said. The rest of us agreed to partake. In celebration, Ara whisked Kenzies panties back down to her ankles. For the third time in 24 hours, I got a good look her Kenzies freckled box. She groaned and rolled her eyes at her friend, before nonchalantly pulling her underwear back up.

The girls went their separate ways to get their swimsuits. I guess Kenzie must have stopped at the store at some point to buy another pair of bikini bottoms. Jordan and I went back to our room. The place was a mess. There were drinks and food all over the place from earlier. Sheets on the floor.

Well? I asked him as I tied up my swim trunks.

Oh yeah, a proud grin emerged on his face. Shes a wild one.

I bet, I chuckled.

We finished getting ready and made our way down to the pool. Katie and Kelly followed, showing off their curves in their bikinis. The four of us swam and continued to drink before the rest of the girls showed up. They had towels wrapped around themselves.

Thought wed liven this party up! Maddy exclaimed.

With a little bit of....SKINNY dipping!! Kenzie announced, and the trio of girls laughed.

Jordan and I got excited. Seriously?! I asked.

They're definitely wearing their bikinis under that, Kelly said.

Yeah calm down, doofus. Theyre not actually gonna do it, Katie scoffed.

Oh yeah?! Maddy asked her older sister. She reached her hands under her robe and finagled her bikini bottoms down to her ankles. Her eyes went wide and her mouth agape wearing a I cant believe were doing this! expression as she looked at her friends  who followed suit.

Maddy, Kenzie, and Ara then all reached up under the upper portion of the robes and untied their tops. They tossed them to the ground.

We seriously doing this!? Ara asked with excitement.

Yup! Kenzie said.

God I could kiss Frank for telling us his tale earlier and getting these three hotties in such unusual (well, not unusual for Kenzie) frisky moods.

With their bikinis on the cement, the girls began counting down.

THREEEE..TWO They began untying their robes. ..ONE!!!!!!!!!!!

All three of them opened the robes and tossed them aside, but.ARA was the only one naked! She screamed in shock as she saw her friends had tricked her. Her dark nips and smooth pubic region were briefly exposed, before she shot her hands to cover up.

NICE!!! Jordan and I shouted triumphantly.

AHAHAHA!! Maddy and Kenzie cackled and jumped into the pool in their "backup" bikinis.

Ara followed suit, jumping nude into the water. She probably should have grabbed her bikini first, but I guess she figured this was the quickest way to cover up.

You guys! Oh my God!! Ara yelled at her friends when she resurfaced.

Shouldnt have pulled my underwear down! Kenzie laughed.

That didnt even bother you! Ara argued.

ARAS NAKEY, ARAS NAKEY!!!!! Maddy started to drunkenly chant.

Stop! Ara treaded water with fear on her face as she shot some looks over at Jordan and I. We couldnt really see anything while she was in the pool. A lot of dark, murky, flesh. But that didnt stop us from wearing big, shit-eating grins on our faces.

God, yall are loud! Jim and Kevin strolled out on the pool deck. I had no idea they were still awake. Michaela, Allison, and the other bridesmaids were behind them.

Seriously! Ara muttered under her breath. She began splashing her friends.

Jim spotted the three bikinis on the ground. Damn, aint it a bit cold out for swimming buck nekkid? He and Kevin sat down on some of the pool chairs and lit up cigars. The other women sat down near them.

Ask Ara, Maddy said, and burst out giggling. Ara splashed her again.

It IS getting cold out here, now that I think of it, I said, mischievously. Jordan grinned at me, with understanding. I swam over to the ladder and climbed out. He, and then Katie and Kelly, climbed out after me.

Awww cmon girls, didnt have the cajones to take your suits off?! Kevin asked with disappointment as he checked out Kelly.

No cajones here, Kev, Katie said, pointing to her groin. She and her friend wrapped themselves up in towels and relaxed by the pool fire.

Ya know, that DOES look tempting! Kenzie said.

Ohmygod, you guys dont! Thought it was just Drew and Jordan! Ara pleaded.

But Kenzie didnt listen. She climbed out of the pool to the boos of the men and waltzed over to the fire.

Well, theres three bikinis out here and only two of ya left in there. Not sure how that works out, Jim said.

Theyre just a bunch of teases! Michaela said.

Maddy hung out in the water with Ara for a bit, but you could tell both of them were getting cold. They started to shiver.

Sorry, Ara! Maddy said.

Maddy dont! Please?! Ara continued to beg.

Just do it quick, its dark out, they wont see much, Maddy said, and she pulled herself up out of the water, put her robe back on, and joined Kenzie by the fire.

Jim and Kevin didnt say much when Maddy got out. Not really kosher to voice your displeasure that your niece (or cousin) isnt nude in front of you. But I could tell by their faces they were let down.

Cmon out and join us, Ara! Kenzie shouted.

Shut up! Ara said. She was treading water more ferociously now, trying to stir up some heat. But it wasnt helping. I could hear her teeth chattering.

Jim, Kevin, and the bridesmaids gave no signs of leaving. Once, when Jim got up to pour himself another drink, Ara neared the edge of the pool. I thought she was going to go for it, but right as she grabbed onto the ladder Jim turned back around to face her.

Noooo! she murmured.

Just get it over with sweetie! Michaela cried out. We wont bite!

Another 5 minutes or so passed and it was clear that no one was coming to Aras rescue. She continued to shiver, and we all knew she wasnt going to last much longer in the water. She swam back over to the ladder and took a deep breath. She pulled herself partially out of the pool.

Whoah! Jordan said, as we saw the top portion of Aras chest  but nothing else.

Ugggghhhh! She groaned and dipped back underneath the surface.

BOOOOOOO!!!!! The crowd yelled.

Ara collected herself and again, made her way to exit. She paused at the ladder before taking a big exhale. She closed her eyes and turned her head, with a dimpled, nervous smile on her face. She pulled herself entirely out of the water and stepped onto the concrete to an eruption of cheers. She was dripping wet, hands on the ladder, and her cute rack and bald little kitty were bared for our viewing pleasure!

YEAHHHHH!!! Jordan and I exclaimed.

YIPPI KI-YAY!! Jim joined in our cheers. Ara had gotten out of the water and cupped her pussy, but left her fun, mango shaped tits on show. Ya got me that bachelor party after all, Kev! Jim continued.

Ara rolled her eyes and grabbed her robe. She threw it on quickly, but not before giving us all one last look at her front side. Hate you guys! She shouted at Maddy and Kenzie. They were in a fit of laughter. She sat down with them around the fire, finally getting warmed up.

That it?! Michaela let out a loud, obnoxious yawn. Ara side eyed her. Michaela and the rest of the bridesmaids got up and walked back inside.

Yeah, think its time I hit the hay too. Ems prolly wondering where I am, Jim said.

Thanks for the show girls! Kevin said and he walked away with Jim.

Man, you guys are a good time! Jordan said once the crowd had dispersed. He looked extremely satisfied as he reclined his chair and gazed up at the stars. I voiced my agreement with him. Briefly, just briefly, that old jealous flicker emerged in Katies eyes as she glanced over at me.

