Forest Prank Gone Wrong
by ENFobsessed 

Promt 2: Tied Naked

Chapter 1 - The Setup

Samantha had just finished her Senior year of college. She was in that phase of life where she had no idea what to do. She got her degree but did not have a job. She decided to spend the summer at her childhood home for a few months to figure things out. Samantha was not the only person in this position though. In fact, most of her childhood friends were also in town, and they decided to have a camping trip to celebrate the beginning of adulthood, and to reconnect.

Samantha and her three girlfriends, Ashley, Kaylie, and Jenna chose Bear Mountain State Park to camp. It had various hiking trails and ample camp sites. It was a popular spot for the people of Smallville to relax for a weekend. Because of its popularity, it was possible to run into old friends there, however unlikely due to the sheer size of the park.

The four girls had an odd game they liked to play in their childhood. They liked to gang up on a person in the group at random and try to pin their limbs to the ground. It was just a fun practical joke they played on one another. It never went father than pinning a friend down for about a minute before they yelled, “SURRENDER!” Which meant the person admitted to losing the game, and the friends would let go of the limbs.

The girls arrived at Bear Mountain State Park and immediately grabbed gear and started to hike to an appropriate campsite. After a little more than 2 hours they started to get hungry. All the campsites they came across so far were filled with people.

“Let’s sit down and have a quick picnic before we move forward,” said Ashley.

The girls agreed as everyone was hungry. The blanket was placed on the ground and food quickly placed in front of everyone. Throughout the meal the girls reminisced on old times when the pinning game was brought up.

Remember when we used to pin each other to the ground! That game was hilarious, who was the last person we ever pinned, it’s been so many years I can hardly remember?” Inquired Kaylie.

“It was Samantha!” exclaimed Jenna “I remember because she blushed really hard since we overpowered her in front of some random guys!”
Samantha hated being the target of this game, it was usually Kaylie that was the target, however towards the end of their childhood Samantha became the target more and more since she embarrassed easily.

Kaylie suddenly leaped towards Samantha. Samantha was not prepared for a chase and was easily brought to the ground. The other two girls quickly went to her arms and legs. Samantha wiggled her body wildly, and aggressively. She was not about to be overpowered easily. She fended off Jenna from her legs with wild kicks. One of her arms was pinned by Ashley while the other still moved freely. Kaylie lay on her stomach and pinned her shoulders to the ground. After many minutes Ashley finally pinned both arms.

“WE JUST NEED TO GET HER LEGS AND WE GOT HER!” screamed Jenna, however she struggled to pin the legs. This was a surprising turn of events since Samantha was a small girl. No taller than 5’1, and less than 120 pounds.

Ashley let go of the arms and helped Jenna with the legs. They each were able to pin one each. Now Samantha laid on her back with Kaylie sitting on her torso, hands pinning her shoulders. Jenna and Ashley each had a leg pinned, but Samantha still fought back with both arms. She tried to throw Kaylee off her but to no avail.

“Jenna let go of her leg and grab my backpack, I have some rope in there for out tents!” yelled Kaylie.
Jenna let go of the leg and ran over to get the rope.

“NO ROPE, THAT’S NOT FAIR!” screamed Samantha, “WE ALWAYS JUST PLAYED WITHOUT PROPS!”

“We’ll now that we’re older we don’t be able to pin you without it!” Kaylie replied. Jenna came back with the rope. Then proceeded to tie Samantha’s legs together with the help of Ashley.

“LET GO OF ME!” yelled Samantha. But it fell on deaf ears as her legs were now tied together at the ankles.

“LET’S ROLL HER OVER GIRLS!” Kaylie instructed to the group. The three girls rolled Samantha over to her stomach. Kaylie grabbed both arms and pinned them together behind Samantha’s back. Jenna came over with some rope and proceeded to tie the arms together at the wrists.

Before the knot was finished Samantha yelled, “SURRENDER!” but the three friends did not listen. They finished the knot, and Samantha now lie on the forest ground tied at the ankles and wrists.

“Okay you got me guys, I yelled surrender now untie me please.” Samantha said to her friends.

“I think we should update the rules a bit since it’s been a few years since we played this game.” Ashley said. “Let’s see how long we can keep Samantha tied up for!”

“That’s not funny guys untie me now!”

Samantha’s pleas fell on deaf ears as the friends did not untie her.

“Let’s finish eating lunch,” said Kaylie.

Kaylie, Jenna, and Ashely sat down and continued their lunch.

“GUYS WHAT THE FUCK UNTIE ME NOW THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR!” Samantha yelled. She tried to curl into a ball and put her arms under her feet so her tied hands would be at the front of her body. She was almost successful too, but Kaylie looked over at her and noticed. She quickly ran up to Samantha and rolled her over to her back. The other girls helped flatten the limbs out to the ground.

Let’s just use the rest of the rope and tie her to the tree over there so she has no chance of untying herself. We don’t want to lose the game after just a few minutes” Jenna said.

The three girls spotted a sturdy black oak tree, maybe 50 feet high and 35 inches in diameter, and proceeded to tie Samantha to the trunk by the waist, and again by the neck. The rope was not nearly tight enough to choke her, but she could no longer bend her body at the torso, she was forced to stand straight with her back against the tree, and hands behind her back.

“SURRENDR!” Samantha yelled. But her girlfriends just laughed.

“Sorry, that’s not the game anymore!” Kaylie said with glee. “Us three are going to move onto the trail and look for a camping site. Since we used all our rope on you, we’ll come back once we find a spot.”

“YOU CAN’T JUST LEAVE ME HERE TIED TO A TREE!” Samantha pleaded to her friends.

“You’ll be just fine! It shouldn’t take us more than a few hours to find something, I’d honestly be surprised if it took that long.” said Jenna.
Samantha’s face started to blush.

“Oh my, are you embarrassed already! There’s no one around except us!” exclaimed Ashley.

The pure helplessness of the situation was making Samantha not only nervous, but she was already feeling humiliation.
“What if somebody unties her and takes our rope?” asked Jenna.

“I have a pen and paper in my backpack, I’ll put a sign over her head.” Kaylie said.

Kaylie then took the notebook and pen out of her backpack, ripped a page out, and proceeded to write the following note.

‘To whomever comes across our friend Samantha. Please do not untie her as the rope we used is our only rope for our tents. We left to find a good spot while Samantha looks after the ropes. You might be wondering why she is tied to a tree. Well, every year we play a practical joke on someone in our friends’ group where we pull a prank, and various people take a picture with them. Feel free to take a picture of our friend in her predicament and place your photo in the notebook.’

Kaylie nailed the note a few inches above Sarah’s head.

“OK girls lets all get in with Samantha and take a photo together!”

The girls all smiled, except for Samantha, who was still slightly red from embarrassment. A selfie was snapped by Kaylie, who proceeded to tape the picture into her notebook, and leave it by Samantha’s feet.

“We’ll be back sweetheart, have fun with your new friends!” Ashley said as the three girls proceeded to walk away.

“PLEASE DON’T LEAVE ME HERE!” Samantha begged. But it did not stop the friends from walking away.

This was not good; Samantha was tied to a tree and at the mercy of whoever happened to walk by her on the path. Who knows hold long that would be. Time wasn’t on her side either. She didn’t want to tell her friends since she was too embarrassed, but it had been a few hours since she went to the bathroom. She had to pee, badly. She wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold it.