..crawling into bed..making my way to you and crawling on top of you.. looking into your eyes, taking your face in my hands and leaning down to kiss you deeply. you can feel how warm & wet my aching pussy is, pressed against your thighs. your grinding on me whilst our tongues dance. 

i grind on top of you gently.. as i lean in to whisper in your ear, ' i want you on your hands and knees, bryan, so i can eat that fucking asshole'. you moan softly and nearly toss me aside.. planting your knees and palms on the bed.. breathing deeply.. i position comfortably behind you and reach thru your legs to stroke you firmly.. tugging at your balls..squeezing them gently..  i beg you sweetly to give me your hand.. cupping it in mine, we stroke your cock together.. when your rhythm is established, i remove my hand and join it with my other in spreading your cheeks wide and spitting precisely onto your delicious asshole.. then i blow softly, teasing you.. before planting a deep, tongue filled kiss on your sweet spot.using my thumb and forefinger, i dig in closer and spread you wider.. penetrating you with my wet, wet tongue.. in and out and in and out.. breathing heavily..drooling.. fucking your ass with my face.. tongue held station.. head moving wildly.. youre stroking your cock and im keeping rhythm with you.. the smell of our sex and the glorious taste of your ass.. it drives me wild.. the sheets beneath me are wet as my cunt is now flowing with fucking honey.. ready to be fucked hard.. deep.. im wild with lust. entering you with my tongue, then switching to quick lil lashings along the rim.. you're positively about to come off the bed.. i love your ass. it makes me drunk.. i tap your side to gesturing for you to lay on your back.. knees up, legs spread, i spit and rub it in gently with my fingers.. i begin stroking your throbbing cock mid shaft to base, whilst taking the bell end in my mouth and sucking deeply.. following my hand, up and down..my free hand probing the rim of your ass and tugging your balls.. then i move to lick you with full soft tongue from your asshole, over your balls, sucking each into my mouth, and all the way up the length of your shaft..sucking you until a thin, hot pre cum covers my tongue.. .careful not to lose it, i move back down and spit again, while stroking you with my left hand, i carefully slip the tip of my ring finger inside you and push to the side.. pressure on your sweet spot.. you moan loudly.. i push in a little deeper.. then knuckle deep.. in and out.. in and out.. cooing obsenities at you.. fucking joining my other ring finger inside you.. in together.. then withdrawing with separation.. a little more each time.. commanding that asshole to open wide for me.. then i remove the second finger and push it inside my aching pussy.. fingering myself as i finger you in rhythm.. i breath, open mouthed, while taking your cock down my throat .i rise up on my knees and you lower yours.. i wriggle my way up to your face and lower my pussy to your mouth.. your tongue lapping hungrily.. your whole face soaked with my want for you.. i move back down.. grazing my fingernails along your sides.. pausing, here and there, to nibble and lick and blow across your sun kissed skin.. i love the salt of your skin.. the way your belly rises and falls in response to this touch and that touch.. returning upright.. on my knees.. i direct you to stroke your cock again.. while taking your free hand in mine to let you feel how sweetly your asshole gapes for me.. 'do you want me to fuck your ass, bryan?' i ask you.. while burying a finger inside you.. then two.. mesmerized by how fucking wild it turns me on to see my fingers sink easily inside.. then how your glorious asshole puckers as i pull them out slowly.. your cock is twitching now and i take hold of it firmly.. and warn you not to cum.. as more precum floods my palm.. tsk tsk.. i crawl off the bed and grab my strappy from my pocket book.. 'im gonna fuck the shit out of you for that..' you moan as you watch me fasten the clasps around my waist and climb back on top of you.. kneeling astride your chest.. 'open your mouth.. i run my friend along thelength of your tongue.. slowly.. all the way to the back ofyour throat.. you gag a little and close your mouth.. 'open it!' and you do.. i politely fuck your opened mouth. 'get it good and wet, bryan.. you'll be more comfortable in a minute.. '.. you then take that as permission to close your mouth.. you hold my hips station and push me up.. sliding out from beneath me.. you kneel like a proper gentleman.. and spit on my lavendar cock.. then devour it.. your thumbs reaching between my body and my toy.. gasping at how fucking wet i am.. your thumbs glide easily the length of my wet pussy.. i push you back and you hold your legs up close to your body..i suck your cock so fucking hard that a complimentary slippery precum fills my mouth.. i move quickly to offer it to your gaping asshole.. spitting deep.. and fingering you once more to get it good and wet..  i lift up and press my weight against the backs of your legs as i line my purple cock with your inviting asshole..and coo for you to relax.. you breathe out as i push my way inside you.. to the initial point of resistance.. and i stroke your cock sweetly.. waiting for you to ease that natural reflexive resistance.. and when you do.. you get it to the hilt.. my thighs hit yours with a wet, sweaty slap.. and i fuck the fucking shit out of you.. 'do..you..like..being..fucked..like..a whore?'.. i use each hard thrust as emphasis on my words.. youre gripping the sheets.. moaning wildly.. beautifully.. godDAMN, i love fucking your asshole! its MINE.. my beautiful lil man pussy..  in one quick snap of my wrist, im free of the accoutrement and i have the base of the cock in my hand.. angled just right.. im fucking you with a tremendous pace.. watching your face.. reading your body.. when you're about to cum.. i stop abruptly.. but leave you filled with 6 inches.. 
then i rise quickly, lower myself and relax the weight of my body; slowly, deeply lowering myself onto your magnificent cock..all the way to the hilt impaling my ass.. still circling my clit with my finger, i ride you hard.. pounding down on top of you.. faster and faster, pulling my hair in a twist and letting it fall down my back.. my boobs bouncing nicely.. eye contact.. deep breath.. obscene, wet slurping and skin slapping against skin.. wet with my drenched pussy.god, im gonna cum on top of you.... i bite my lower lip and close my eyes.. arching my back..and you feel warmth on your thighs as i cum so hard.. so wet..moaning your name and a few obscenities as i cum and cum and fucking cum.. i can feel you cumming now too..i reach back and slip the toy from your ass.. applying pressure; left of the base.. so that it pulls from your asshole whilst grazing all the right places. youre out of your fucking mind..  filling me with hot, deep spurt after spurt of thick, glorious spunk.. gushing out of me and onto our thighs as i push down onto you.. over and over. then we collapse.. spent. heady high.. happy. thank you. 