Mariah's first adult spanking

It must have been about two years ago that Mariah got her first adult spanking.  Seems we were both lightly spanked as children.  
 
We both agree that it was a Saturday afternoon, and we also agree that Monday was a holiday of some sorts of we just did not have school that Monday.  We were close but had not graduated yet.    The best we can do is put it about April or May 2006.  
 
Let make this clear, neither Mariah nor I are like the characters that Jenn created and used our name for.   I am the noisy party girl, while Mariah is the quite studious type.  Some how the mix works very well for us.  If it is needed, and that is seldom Mariah is the designated driver.  I can honestly say that we have never driven home drunk.  We do go out to eat and we do have a drink with meals. We don't smoke but we do drink at home.  Normally there is a glass of wine with dinner. We do Party at both our home and other private homes.  Maybe four or five times a year we do make the public Party scene.  Mariah has never had to carry -  more like drag - me up the steps and into the apartment.  Not sure she could carry me if she wanted.  I might have bounced off a couple of walls but I was able to make it in the house with just a little assistance from her.  Trust me, she always points it out and I promise to do better. That normally lasts for at least a couple of months :-) 
 
Back to the spanking.  We were sitting around the house and as usual Mariah was sitting at the table with a book.  She got up and knocked a large drink on the floor.  For the very first time is our lives, I heard Mariah cuss.  She was also in tears.  There was broken glass on the floor.  I was sitting on the love seat watching TV.  I said, without thinking; "Bad Girl".   Mariah turned and gave me that look that only she can give when she is upset - She replied, "What are you going to do, spank me?"   For a couple of seconds, I was too surprised to think and reply.  I just looked at her.  I jumped up, got a couple of towels out of the bath room and tossed them on the floor help soak up the spill.  We were both on our knees working on the spill,  when she sniffed, looked directly at me and said, "Well are you"?".   There was something in the look that told me exactly what I needed to do.  I stood up, and told her that I was going to give her a spanking that she would not forget for a while.  I went on to explain that her spanking was not because she knocked over the drink and made a mess.  That she should be happy that I was not going to wash her dirty mouth out.  She, started crying and said she probable needed it.  You really had to know Mariah to understand that for her to swear was just so out of nature for her.  She does not even use the "F" word.   "Shit" is a major dirty word in his life. She was raised in a very strict home and that type of language was just not allowed. Her influence even has my potty mouth cleaned up some. I'm working on it. .  
 
She finished the floor, put her book(s) away and asked if I wanted her to fix dinner.  She also said that she was very sorry for her out burst and hope that I forgave her.  I assured her that she was forgiven but she still had a good old fashion spanking coming.  We had dinner and we sat around and watched a little TV.  Mariah acted strange.  She sat on the floor at my feet.  She hugged my legs.  She had a puppy look and asked four or five times if the spanking was going to hurt. I assured her that it would be a lesson she would not forget too soon. The more she talked about it, the more she held on to me.  It was about 10 pm,and we turned off TV and we headed to the bathroom.  We both dropped our clothes and stepped into the shower.  We enjoyed a nice warm shower and we helped each other wash. We both agree that it was during this shower that Mariah started to feel like she was a very naughty young girl.  She started to make strange sounds.  All of this was very new to both of us.  But, the more I thought about spanking her, the more I was getting turned on. The more I thought about it, my mind starting going a thousand miles a minute.  I now know that Mariah was going deeper and deeper into sub mode, but I sure did not know that at the time.  Sorry but all of this was very new to both of us. I had read very little and had no real idea what I should do or how I should do it.  We did not have a book at home that I could run and read in a hurry.  What do you say-- I'm going to spank you as soon as I figure how to do it?   Much later, Jenn suggest that we read a newsgroup but so far we have not.  It was a lot more fun to explore this whole new world a little at a time.  We are still learning today.  We were given a couple of Shadow Lane movies to watch by a friend.  
 
I had zero experience in giving an adult a spanking or really any type of punishment.  Looking back on the night, I probably would have been smart, to go in the bedroom and try to call Jenn for some help.  But, I knew that I needed to do this myself.   Back in the shower, I told Mariah to remain in the shower and I got out. I dried off, put the toilet seat down, and put a towel on my lap.   My mind was going a thousand miles an hour, it a lot of different directions at the same time. It was clear that Mariah wanted to be punished and she wanted a spanking.   I don't know where I got the idea of washing her mouth out with soap, because my parents never did it to me, but I must have read about it.  It also took me about one second to realize we did not have a bar of soap in the house.  We use soft soap in a bottle.  I made a mental note to buy one and put it in a special place.   I had no idea that my mouth would be the first to taste it in a couple of months. 
 
To both Mariah and me, it seemed it took a long time for things to unfold, but in all reality it took only seconds.  I told Mariah to turn off the hot water, which she did. She was yelping when the cold water was chilling her.  I than told her step out of the shower and I guided her across my lap.  I was happy that I had put a towel on it.  I touch her bottom and it was cold.  I then started giving her a hand spanking.  It didn't take long until she started to tell me how sorry she was.  She even sounded like a small child.  I guess I gave her less then thirty swats and told her to get dry and handed her a dry beach towel.  She was cute standing there with a nice pink bottom.   Seems she thought that the spanking was over,  but I told her it was just starting. You had to of seen her face when she was told that.  Her eyes dropped.  She body slumped.  She really hurried with the towel.  We both wiped a towel around her hair and we went down the short hall to the bedroom.   I pointed to the corner and told her to go put her nose in it with her hands on her head.   I was stalling a little and wanted time to think. 
 
I left her standing in the corner. Again she was making strange little noises.  Not really crying but moaning was more like it.  I found a nice leather belt and a straight back hair bush, which I put on the night stand. 
 
I call Mariah over and had her kneel on the floor in front of me.  I put my hand on her chin and lift her head up so we were looking eye to eye.  I asked her - are you sure you want to be punished for what you did today?   She said clearly - please punish me, I need it.  I told her that she no longer had a choice.  I would decide what punishment she would get.  I also make if crystal clear that I was going to do this because I loved her and I agreed that she did need this.  With words and points she placed herself across my lap with her toes and hands on the floor.  Her cute pink bottom sticking up in the air.  I started with my hand.  I moved up to the hair bush.  Somewhere during the hair bush and her bottom turning a bright red color her actions started to change.  I did not catch it at first.  She was no longing crying - she was no longer kicking and twisting.  I felt it and her hips were starting to grind into my leg.  She was getting turned on.  I stopped spanking her and order her up on the bed,  I put both pillows in the middle of the bed and picked up the belt.  At some point, my finger also found out that she was wet and the crying was more a sexual moan now.  I gave her ten hard swats of the belt right in the sweet spot where the legs join the bottom.  I rolled her off pillows, sat on top of her and started to play with her. She had floated to another land. We had explosive sex that night.  She was always good but that night she was extra good and her tongue was doing all of the work. WHOW.  Never had a guy do what she was doing that night.  It was probably around 4am before we both just fell exhausted and drifted off to sleep.  We both needed another shower but that did not happen until later.  If anybody cares, we did need have to change out the bed clothing and clean up the bedroom.  We don't member if our hair was dry or wet but we sured made good use of the towels. 
 
She was laying on her back. We have talked about it and she is not sure if she kept raising her hips to take pressure off her bottom or because she was so sexually charge.  We think it was a combination of both.  I kissed her and told her three or four times that she was forgiven and she wrapped her arms around me and we worked together for each others sexual enjoyment.  I have not attempted any of it, except one or two drags on a weed one of the guys had, but when you were as high as we were that night, there is no dope in the world that could have done it. 
 
There have been many spanking since that first one.  There have been a few times that I have been on the receiving end but most of the time it is Mariah who  breaks the rules.  There are also a few times that Mariah just makes it clear that she wants a spanking by acting like a total brat.  We have added some items to the toy chest since that night also.  We have even found out that some of our best friends are into spanking also.  They have given us a few ideas.  Bob was the friend that let us use one of his canes before we got our own.  Mariah goes out of her way to brat with Bob and he has given her a couple of swats because of it but their interplay is just that - play.   We have seen the marks he can leave on his wife who comes over to visit often   I have forgot what Jenn wrote, but we have never had a threesome or a foursome etc.  Mariah has never been truly spanked by anybody but me and I have never been spanked by anybody but her.  That does not mean that there was not been a lot of play and teasing where our bottom have been hit with variety of items by a lot of our friends.  Their's also.  Some of the Parties do get wild.  But our real bare bottom spankings always lead to sex and we keep that private.  
 
When I get time, I tell you the story about the rest of the weekend - it did not end that night.  I think you would enjoy the Poker party story also.  Let me make this clear, six month ago, you would have never read any of this.  We are have a circle of friends and posting this to an email group is just something we ever thought we would do.  I hope you are enjoying this.  We would like to hear from you.  Jenn's list needs to come alive again. 
 
Jessi 
 
--- Don't know why but Mariah is pulling me towards the bedroom. She was sitting next to me and reading this as I typed it in.  Do you think maybe she? 
