Adults only, no prudes.  If you don't like sex stories containing people
engaging in weird perversions, or you can't separate truth from fiction,
get lost.  The author does not advocate or condone anything that goes on
in this story.

This story is mine.  You can repost it or archive it only if 1) you
don't change it, 2) my name and this disclaimer remain attached, and 3)
you aren't making money off it.  That includes posting it on some
slimeball banner farm web site.  Yes, that means you!

You know the drill: If you like it, let me know.  You can find this and
other stories of mine in the following archives:

www.asstr.org/~Richard_Bissell
www.asstr.org/~MichaelD/
www.storiesonline.net (under authors, MichaelD38)

Overall Story Codes: Mf, MFf, Mm+/f, teen, bdsm, humil, mast, piercing,
oral, anal, gangbang

AMBER: THE MAKING OF A FUCK TOY

(C)opyright 2000 by Richard Bissell

---

Chapter 13.

I found Amber still asleep in the basement. I kissed her nose to wake her up. 
Her eyes fluttered open, and she stretched out.
"We need to get you home."
She nodded and got dressed. On the way back over to school, I broached the idea 
of keeping Cindy around.
"Did you like that?"
She nodded.
"It was a lot of fun."
"You got to see a different side of yourself. Sluts need not be exclusively 
submissive. It's possible to be dominant and still a slut."
"Like with other girls."
"That's one way. Would you want to do that again?"
"With Cindy?"
"Maybe. I got the distinct impression she wanted to. She all but begged me for 
it."
Amber's eyes went unfocused.
"I don't want to share you with her."
"It would never be like it is with us. I think she wants something different. 
I'm just thinking we could have some fun playing with her."
"How?"
"The sorts of things I've been doing with you. Changing her wardrobe. Making her 
come to work without panties. Getting her pierced. That sort of thing."
Amber was quiet a moment.
"I liked spanking her. That really turned me on."
"Me too."
"She would be ours, right? Not just for you?"
"Exactly. Don't give me answer now. Just think about it."
Amber was pensive, and I drove on.



Sunday afternoon, she called me up around one, giggling.
"You're never going to believe what happened."
"With what?"
"At church. Reverend Ellis took off. He's taking a break at this retreat in 
Colorado."
I laughed.
"Oh, my God."
"They say there's no telling when he'll be back. Everything is in an uproar."
"You think it's because of you?"
"What else could it be?" Her voice was full of mirth. "He's been acting really 
uncomfortable around me ever since that afternoon. Last week during the sermon, 
he kept making eye contact with me. So I stared at him and licked my lips really 
slowly. He stuttered and lost his place for like five seconds. So yeah, I think 
it was me."



Monday morning, Amber agreed to bring Cindy into our little ring of sluts. That 
afternoon, during some free time, I typed up a list of instructions for her. 
Essentially, she was to cease wearing any undergarments (to the extent practical 
with her bustline), keep her pussy waxed clean as necessary, get her nipples and 
clitoris pierced with rings to match the one in her navel, and be prepared to 
expose herself to or service anyone Amber or I told her to. If she found this 
agreeable, she was to place her panties in my center desk drawer. Then I sealed 
the instructions in an the envelope and stuck it in her box in the lounge. 
An hour later, after returning from the bathroom between classes, I found her 
panties in my desk. The crotch was still damp.



On my way to football practice that afternoon, I came upon Amber and Meredith 
sitting in one corner of the quad. They both grinned at me.
"So Mr. B.," Meredith began, "Amber was telling me about your little faculty 
conference this weekend."
"Uh-huh."
"Did you talk to Miss Reynolds today?" Amber asked.
I explained what I had done, then discreetly showed them the panties. Both jaws 
dropped, and Meredith began laughing.
"Are those really hers?" Meredith asked.
"Unless someone else stuck them there."
She reached for them, and I handed them over. She inspected them gingerly, then 
handed them back.
"Eww. Teachers wear such boring underwear."
I grinned.
"Not anymore, at least not in her case."
"So, like, what are we going to do with her?" Amber asked.
"Whatever you want to. Use your imagination."
"We should make her wear a dildo and a butt plug all the time. To school, you 
know? Make her try to teach that way."
Meredith laughed in disbelief.
"God, you guys are awful."
"She's yours as much as Amber's," I said to her. "If you want her."
Meredith's face paled a little as she absorbed this.
"So, like . . . if I wanted her to eat me out, she would?"
"Yes. Do you want her to?"
"Uh." She glanced at Amber. "You mean right now?"
I took my clipboard and wrote a quick note: Cindy: Please show Meredith what a 
good pussy-eater you are--Mike. I tore it off and handed it to her. She stared 
at it in awe."
Her classes are over for the day. You can probably still catch her."
The two of them looked at each other and began giggling. 
"I have to go to practice. Have fun."



Football went well enough. My players, having realized that they were better 
than they had thought, were now doing their best to live up to their new 
expectations. We had a good workout, and things began breaking up around dusk.
Tommy Nelson approached me as I was packing up my gear. His slightly nervous 
manner and the way he seemed to make sure no one else was in earshot told me 
what he was about to ask me.
"Coach?"
"What's up, Tommy?"
"Um, about the Bet, I know you told us all not to talk about it or anything--"
"Yes, I did."
"I know. It's just, some of the guys, we kind of want to, just, you know, be 
sure what it is you're going to do."
I stared at him for a second or two.
"I'm not going to say it, Tommy. You guys should have figured it out by now. I 
mean, if I was just talking about a party, I could be more explicit, you 
understand? I'm not going to be explicit about this."
"But . . . that is what you're going to do, right?"
"Yes."
He laughed nervously.
"Okay. I got it. Thanks, coach."
"You haven't earned it yet anyway."
"I know. We will, coach. I swear we will. It's just two more games."
"I know you can do it. Just prove it to me."
"We will, coach."
He turned and jogged off toward the other players.
Two more games. Two more games, and then I would have to turn Amber over to 
them. I walked unsteadily off the field, trying not to come in my pants.



When I got to my car, I found Amber and Meredith waiting for me, both of them 
wearing big grins on their faces.
"Well?" I said.
"She's not that great," Meredith said slyly. "She got me off, but she's not that 
great." She reached over and played with Amber's hair for a second or two. 
"Amber's a lot better."
"Cindy has very little practice. She'll get better at it."
I looked around to be sure we were alone. I saw nobody else in the parking lot.
"How did it go?"
"We just walked into her room and shut the door," Amber said. "She looked a 
little shocked when she saw us, especially Meredith, but when I showed her your 
note, she got right to work."
"She did me right on her desk," Meredith said.
"Me too," Amber said giggling.
"And then?"
"We made her get herself off," Amber said. "I made her fuck herself with a big 
magic marker."
I laughed.
"Poor Cindy. I need to get home. You girls need a ride?"
Meredith laughed.
"Yeah, a ride. We need a ride, all right."
"A long, hard ride," Amber said.
They both stared at me, eyes big and horny. Meredith gnawed briefly on her lower 
lip, fighting a grin.
"Your folks aren't going to wonder where you are?"
Amber shrugged.
"They're being normal, for now. Like I told you."
They got in the car, and we drove back to my house.



Meredith and Amber went straight down to the basement to inspect my little 
dungeon. I followed them down with an armload of beer. They were fiddling with 
the stocks when I came down.
"You locked Miss Reynolds up in this?" Meredith asked.
"Yep."
She stood up, looking at the ropes in the ceiling. Then she turned to Amber.
"Let me tie you up."
Amber glanced at me, but I motioned for them to continue. Meredith attached the 
collars to Amber's wrists and pulled her into position. 
"What should I do to her?"
"Undress her first."
She pushed Amber's T-shirt up over her tits, then unbuttoned her jeans and 
tugged them down. In a few moments, Amber was nearly naked. Meredith played with 
her clit ring briefly, smiling at me. Then she reached around and smacked Amber 
on the butt.
I found the yardstick and handed it to her.
"Here."
I sat down with my beer and watched as Meredith swatted Amber repeatedly. Every 
now and then, she would stop and reach between Amber's legs, rubbing her 
briskly. Amber's face fogged with arousal, and she was soon flushed and gasping 
for breath. Finally, as Meredith played with her, she shuddered and came 
quietly. Her head sagged and she went limp in the restraints.
Meredith grinned at me.
"This is pretty cool."
"What's sauce for the goose should be sauce for the other goose."
Her forehead wrinkled.
"What?"
"It's only fair that you let Amber reciprocate."
Understanding bloomed.
"Oh."
She helped Amber out of the restraints and began undressing. When she got down 
her panties, she stopped and turned to me.
"Oh, hey. Check it out."
She pushed her panties down, and I saw that she was as bald as Amber now.
"Nice. Shaved?"
"Yeah. 'Cause there's no way I could get a wax. Like it?"
"Yes. Actually, I'll take you to get waxed if you want."
She glanced at Amber.
"That would be cool. Thanks."
They reversed position, and Amber tied Meredith up. She began swatting her 
friend, who took a little while to get into it. But instead of using her 
fingers, once she had Meredith's butt nice and red, Amber dropped to the floor 
in front of her and began eating her. Meredith went limp, writhing around, and 
came in a few minutes.
We went upstairs after that and fucked in a variety of positions for about an 
hour. I ordered a pizza, and the girls lounged around my bedroom eating it in 
the nude.



"Mr. B?"
Meredith was lying on her stomach across the bed, finishing off a piece of 
pizza. One calf was up, and she was twitching it back and forth in time to the 
music on my stereo. Amber sat beside me against the headboard, reading my copy 
of "The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty."
"What?"
"I had an idea."
"Which was what?"
"Have you ever been to a rave?"
"No."
"My sister Jessica is coming home for the weekend. She's going to the University 
of Colorado, and the two of us usually go out partying when she comes home. I 
thought we could all go with her."
"I don't know."
"Wait. This is the cool part. We'll bring Miss Reynolds and make her have sex 
with people. Like give away free blow jobs and stuff."
Amber laughed.
"I love it. Let's do it."
I cocked my eyebrow at Meredith.
"Your sister wouldn't see anything wrong with that?"
She shook her head.
"No way. She's into stuff like that. S&M, you know? She's got pierced nips like 
Amber, plus she has this totally awesome dragon tat on her back. It's huge, like 
all the way from her butt to her shoulders. My mom hates it, but I think it's 
really cool."
"What does she look like?" Amber asked.
Meredith shrugged.
"Sorta like me, I guess. Red hair and all. But she's taller. And bigger boobs. I 
think she'd get off on what you guys have got going. I'd like to see what would 
happen if we all got together."
"The three of us, plus her and Cindy?"
Meredith grinned.
"Yeah."
"All right. Ask her and see what she thinks."



The next night, I got a call from Meredith informing me that not only was her 
sister willing to go along with this idea but that she was "totally psyched" 
about it. There was indeed a rave going on somewhere not far away, and Jessica 
had the line on getting us there.
"Oh, and, um, you do know that everyone will be doing drugs at this thing, 
right?"
"Like?"
"Mostly just E and acid."
"E?"
"Ecstasy."
"Oh. Well, that's not really my thing, but if you guys want to indulge, go 
ahead."
"I've never done acid, but I like E. It gets you really horny."
I suddenly had an idea.
"Do you think you could get us some beforehand?"
She laughed.
"What, are you changing your mind now?"
"Not for me. For Cindy."
"Ohhh. Gotcha. I'll ask Jessica."
I called Cindy immediately after hanging up with Meredith.
"How would you like to go to a gangbang this weekend?"
I heard her gasp over the line.
"A what?"
"You heard me. The girls and I are going to a rave this weekend. They wanted to 
take you along for some extra entertainment. You're going to be the party 
favor."
A few moments of silence.
"Oh."
"Yes or no?"
"I--I--" Her voice trailed off.
"It's up to you. But if the answer is 'no,' you can consider our arrangement 
over."
I heard a quiet whimper. She didn't answer me for a few seconds.
"Okay," she said softly.
"This is going to be mostly kids, so no more of that high-class hooker nonsense. 
Dress to look as young as you can. Slutty, but young. If I don't like what you 
show up wearing, I may just make you go in the nude, okay?"
"All right."
"Good. Be at my place around nine."
I hung up.



We conveniently did not have a game that weekend, so we began assembling at my 
place on Friday night. Amber showed up at seven, wearing very low-cut hiphugger 
jeans and a spandex bra top. It was tight and thin enough to make her nipple 
rings quite obvious.
"Is this okay?"
"Wonderful."
"Meredith and I pulled a double whammy with our folks," she said grinning. "They 
think we're spending the night at each other's houses. So we can stay out as 
late as we want."
Meredith and her sister showed up a little later. Jessica proved to be a 
slightly older, taller, curvier version of her sister. She wore jeans and a 
short T-shirt, exposing the stud in her navel, and from the ample jiggle behind 
the shirt, she didn't appear to be wearing a bra. Meredith had on her usual 
skategirl threads, cargo pants and an olive-green Hurley T-shirt.
She introduced me to her sister.
"This is Mr. B. Mr. B, this is Jessica."
She gave me an appraisal that came dangerously close to being a leer.
"Hey," she said.
"Nice to meet you."
She looked around the living room.
"So, like where's this slave of yours?"
"Not here yet."
Amber introduced herself. Jessica gave her another once-over.
"Mere said you've got your nips pierced."
"Yeah."
"Can I see?"
Betraying only a little surprise, Amber pulled her top up. Jessica reached out 
to tweak the ring in her left nipple.
"Pretty hot. I've got studs in mine. Never been much for rings."
"Show them your tat," Meredith said.
Jessica nonchalantly pulled her T-shirt over her head and turned around. Her 
breasts were full and nicely formed, pierced with silver studs, but the tat was 
definitely the main attraction. She unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them down a 
few inches to show the whole thing off, a Chinese-style dragon stretching from 
her butt-crack to her shoulder blades."
Wow," Amber said.
"How long did that take to do?" I asked.
"A few weeks, with all the detail."
"I like it."
"Me too," Amber said.
"I want to get something like it," Meredith said, "only I'm thinking like a 
tiger or a panther."
"That big?" Amber asked.
"I can't decide."
The doorbell rang.
"That should be Cindy," I said.
I found her on the doorstep, wearing a black lycra miniskirt and a white halter 
top. She had no make-up on and her hair was loose around her face. She indeed 
looked quite a bit younger, as I had instructed.
She stood there nervously waiting for my judgment on her outfit.
"That will do. Come in."
She followed me back to the living room, where Jessica was still topless. Cindy 
quivered for a moment when she saw Jessica but stood her ground.
"This is her."
Jessica leered at her, and Cindy's eyes dropped to the floor.
"Nice tits," Jessica said.
"Which I reminds me," I said, "you were supposed to get your nips and your clit 
pierced this week. Let's see it."
Hands shaking, Cindy disrobed. Through both nipples and her clitoris were gold 
rings matching the one in her navel. The flesh around each was still red and 
swollen. Jessica walked up and took Cindy's clit ring between her fingers. She 
began twisting it slowly."
Does this hurt?"
Cindy whimpered.
"Yes."
Jessica gave it a final tweak and laughed.
"I like her."
She finally put her top back on, and I let Cindy get dressed. Jessica went to 
call for the directions for the rave and returned a minute later.
"Okay. It's a couple of hours from here, so we should probably go."
The five of us piled into my car, and we got on the road.


---

-To be continued.-

---

Amber: The Making of a Fuck Toy
Copyright 2000 by Richard Bissell
Free redistribution permitted; no commercial use without authorization.

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ----- send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org> |
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html>  Moderator: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|Archive: <http://assm.asstr.org> Hosted by Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository |
|<http://www.asstr.org>, an entity supported entirely by donations.         |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
