Triggers15

   Mama shook her head, trying to clear her mind of the clouds that 
had overcast her consciousness since she had arrived at the strange 
store called Blueblood. She was going to learn about who was in 
charge, what kind of mojo they used, how to help the poor woman 
named Charlotte that had come to the store seeking help. But while 
they looked around, the store manager walked up to her right side 
and whispered something, and suddenly she was here, in a small dark 
cubicle, large heavy earphones on her head.
   This young girl whose body she had traded with, had some 
subconscious weakness, some catch phrase, which allowed the manager 
in the khaki pants to bring her into this room, in the second sub 
basement, and set the headset over her blonde hair. Mama suddenly 
regretted swapping with this woman. `Why do dese young girls always 
be so messed up', she thought, sadly.
   A man sat on the small plastic chair in front of Wendy-Mama. A 
search of the blonde dance instructor's memory showed him to be 
either a dentist, or her fiance. How could he be one or the other 
but not both? She took off the headset, but felt slow and heavy.
   "You got no bidness doing dese tings!" She shook her finger at 
the man, who made no move. He looked at the woman for several 
seconds, wrinkled his brow, and then sighed.
   "Now, I need some straight answers, and you are going to give 
them to me, aren't you?" The man with blue eyes and dark hair leaned 
forward.
   "So many problems, you got. You let Mama help you, ev'ryting be 
alright, you see." She looked around for something to use as a doll, 
to represent him, and control him.
   "Sit still." The man leaned forward, as if to hug Mama, and she 
tried to lean back, but didn't want to offend him, and she had to 
confess to herself she was intrigued as to what he was going to do, 
so she sat still as he draped something soft and light, like a 
velvet collar, around her neck. Something cold  touched her neck, at 
the collarbone level. The man with the doctor's demeanor leaned back 
into his chair and smiled. He was perched so close to Mama she could 
feel his breath from his nose on her chest.
   "Wait, you name Lewis, dat right?" Mama squinted her eyes trying 
to recall more about him. His right finger shot up and rung the 
little brass bell around her slender neck. It tinkled three or four 
times.
   "And you Wendy baby, or whoever you are, will now tell me what 
has happened to you in the last two days."
   Mama yawned, and giggled. She then explained in great detail how 
she had been trading bodies with young women for almost a hundred 
years. How she had been taught black arts as a young girl, and grew 
to trust it, use it, and expand her abilities. She told her fiancee' 
about how many times she had traded bodies, how she used her arts to 
help other girls, or men in her small village. She told him 
everything about her in fact, while his cameras rolled and he took 
very careful notes. He consoled her, caressed her, relaxed her, and 
explained how she had been wandering aimlessly through time, until 
fate and chance had brought her to her natural place, at his side. 
He tickled the small brass bell with his left index finger, and 
Wendy-mama giggled loudly. The more he explained, the more truth he 
showed, until she realized he had stopped talking, and had just been 
staring at her for several seconds.
   "So my baby Lewis, you got heavy eyebrows. Mama knows dat means 
you got de troubles. You jes' tell Wendy-mama what I can do." She 
sat upright, her head feeling much clearer. Her hand went 
instinctively to her neck, to make sure her beautiful velvet collar 
and bell were present. Her fiance ran his hands up and down her 
thighs and knees.
   "Wendy-mama, let me tell you what you are going to do now."