Feldare Tales - Like Cats and Dogs  - 2 of 3
by Mack the Knife

In the morning Sharesh awoke with the smell of cooked sausage and barely cooked beef assailing her nostrils. She opened her emerald eyes to see the smiling and lovely face of Vannah gazing at her form across the platter which laid over her lap.

Good morning, Mlady. Vannah said, smiling with morning sunshine. She was uncovering various carnivorous delicacies on the tray.

Vannah, She said, good morrow to you. She replied sitting up slightly and looking at the mouth watering selection laid out before her, including Vannah, who was unclad and sitting opposite her. She smiled at the young woman, and reached out and popped a slice of sausage into her mouth. After carefully chewing the meat and swallowing, she said, You did very well last night, both during and after the Counts test.

The girl giggled and said. It was easy, and I find I do like other women in my passions.

I would never have guessed. Said the cat. You seemed so shy. She gave the girl a sidelong look, then smiled when she blushed.

A page knocked on the door, and Vannah answered it, still unclad, she stood boldly before the lad, almost her own age, as he delivered his message to her. She closed the door quietly, and returned. The Count wishes to see you in an hour. She said, grinning. I think he may be eager for more lessons. She said, her expression positively lascivious.

And you are looking forward to more tests. Sharesh added, smiling at the eager young woman. The girl nodded happily that she was, and they ate for a while. The cat noticed that the girl was partaking of the cooked portions of the all-meat meal and smiled. You sure seem to take to my cattishness. She said. Could it be youre a cat lover of long standing? She asked.

The girl nodded. Yes, I had four at one time in my youth, they fascinated me with their stalking and their wantonness.

Well I will happily stalk you and will definitely engage in wantonness with you, whenever I can. Sharesh said. As she finished her meal, she started to groom herself, a process that caused Vannah to watch in slack-jawed fascination.

As the cat girl licked down her own thigh, moving inexorably nearer her vagina, the girl leaned closer and closer. Finally Sharesh stopped and looked at her. If youre wondering, yes, I can. She said, smiling her feline smile at the girl.

Vannah giggled, and Sharesh continued bathing herself, taking especial care to clean her own vaginas lips and somewhat inside, before moving on to the other side.

That is amazing. Said Vannah, smiling with her eyes widened like silver marks.

Sharesh shrugged. If only it felt as good as anothers tongue, I would never leave my home. She commented, then commenced from her knee to her foot.

Vannah moved closer and started licking her arm, and Sharesh started purring in response. She liked the personalized attention she was getting from the girl, and loved how accommodating she was of her particular tastes and preferences. When the girl grabbed her head and started licking her forehead and between her ears, she moaned in pleasure, subtler pleasure than sex, it was the sublime pleasure of someone truly being pampered, and she loved it. The girls tongue was not nearly as well-suited to the task Vannah was putting it to, but she did reasonably well, considering. Between the two of them, she was bathed in only about fifteen minutes, and stood. You may get hair in your throat, I recommend bread with butter on it to get it down. She advised the girl. But I definitely appreciate your attentiveness, my lover.

The maid giggled and nodded, saying she would go down and get some when Sharesh went to the Counts chambers. She then said. Ive never had such pleasure as I did last night, Milady. Both you and the Count. It was blissful. She looked a bit embarrassed.

Sharesh looked at her and said. Ive rarely felt more than with you last night, if ever. She said. When you cut yourself to let me taste your blood, I almost climaxed. She admitted. It was incredible, like you had been making love to rakasta for years. She said. Youve bested the only other rakasta Ive bedded, to tell the truth.

The girl smiled humbly and bowed. I only sought to please you, Milady. She said.

Well you may very well have made me fall in love with you. Sharesh said, kissing the girl on the cheek. I am going to inquire to the Count as to the price of your serfdom, if you do not mind.

The girl smiled. Who would refuse? she asked in return. I would be happy to serve you as a handmaiden. She said, smiling brightly.

In Ghant, my love. The cat said. There are no serfs, everyone is a freeman. The girl gasped.

You would give me freedom? She said her eyes sparkling. Then I certainly would never refuse.

Not that Ghantian law would allow otherwise, but yes, I would grant it if I can afford your fee. She said. I cannot promise it, Im afraid, since I have limited resources with me.

I will hope then. The girl said, and kissed Shareshs neck and then her ear. I would love to serve you for a very long time.

With that, and the feelings this young lady was setting off in her, she decided it was time to cloth herself and get ready to see the Count. She went into the closet and dressed, with Vannahs intimate attention, a slender gown cut high on both sides and low in the front and back. It reached the floor, or nearly so, but covered almost nothing from the proper angles. She put on bracers of silver wire, woven into intricate shapes, then a circlet about her neck, a simple silver band. The girl pronounced her lovely, and demonstrated it by kissing her fully, and well. She reminded the girl about the bread and butter trick then headed to the Counts chambers.

She knocked on the door and it was promptly opened by the same butler, whom she favored again with a long tail stroke, this time across his thighs as she slid past, and she gave him her best come-on smile. The butler again closed the door as he left.

The Count was lying in the bed, still under the covers. You are early, Sharesh. He said appraising her in the green gown. You and the girl did wonderfully last night. I am well pleased and cannot wait to put my newfound...talents...to use.

She bowed curtly and said. You did all the work, milord, we simply gave you tips and a canvas to work upon last night. She smiled at him. You are the artiste.

He laughed heartily at that. Well, let us hope I become one anyway, though I shall admit the painting I brushed last night turned out well, indeed.

She looked at him. You summoned me, Victor, is there something I can do for you right now?

He looked at her. I would have your advice on a matter. He said.

For her bravery in facing me last night, after the use I put her through the night before, I wish to grant Vannah her fee. She was very convincing. 

Milord, no convincing was necessary. You may not believe me, but I did not coach her actions or reactions. She said, grinning. What happened was purely in response to you. She looked at him again. But if you wish to give away her fee, I am sure that is a more than generous gift.

He nodded. Then I will do so, as soon as my training is over. He looked at her a bit askance. I understand the two of you have become very close.

She gave him a wide smile. We have, milord.

Well, then, I will sign her fee to you, and you may free her. He said. Since, apparently, youve already freed parts of her. He grinned with mischief in his eyes. Now on to pressing matters. He changed subject. I would have your lessons today. I believe you said something about restraint?

She nodded, but said. I wish first to explore your condition. She looked at him carefully. Man and beast man are not your only forms, is that right? She asked.

He shook his head. I also may take form as a wolf, without hands nor upright pose. He said. I enjoy running in such, for it is a form most swift and agile. His eyes gazed into the middle distance and he smiled hauntingly.

Do you ever take women in that form? She asked. I mean, I can understand many womens hesitancy to allow an animal to mate with them.

He nodded. On the occasion, I have mounted a woman as a wolf, though, truth be told, I usually mount only other wolves as such, for somehow, women arent as attractive to me then as in my current guise.

She smiled. It would make sense, after its fashion. She put her hand on his arm. I would see this wolf you are. She said.

He seemed to stare into space, then his form shrank, mass flowed from it and he became smaller. Within a few seconds, there was something wresting its way free of his clothes on the floor, and the great shaggy head of a black wolf emerged, with those same deep pits of eyes. The wolf shook its head in a most dog-like fashion, and he prowled forward to near her legs, sniffing at her.

How in control is the man in this form? She asked the animal now sniffing at her groin. The wolf made a sound like a whimper mixed with a bark, then sat down. It simply watched her, seeming to smile.

She petted the wolf between its ears, and it stood up again, and sniffed her hand, then up her arm a ways. Very wolf-like, indeed. She said as he sniffed her body then stuck his wet nose around the side of her dress and smelled her crotch. You do know that women who would lay willingly with you in this form will be few?

The wolf made a rather odd growling sound, like a groan, and its head nodded. Then she smiled at him. Luckily, for you, I am one of them. She said, and squatted down beside him. He licked her face and she giggled at that, licking him back in return. She shed the dress quickly and the two of them began to play on the floor, jumping over each other and sniffing, and licking and even kissing. The play got rougher, though, and shortly, they were tumbling on the floor, knocking over the table near the large padded chair and taking playful nips at each others tails. A soft knock came from the door, as Sharesh was grappling with him at the foot of the bed, and the butlers head popped in. Will you... He said, then stopped, looking down at the two, his jaws around her leg and her mouth around his tail, and both of them looking like animals caught in the henhouse. I will return later. He said, his mouth twitching with a near smile.

As soon as the door shut, they resumed their mock battle, she felt his teeth grip her neck, and the loose skin there, allowed him a good hold. Purely by reflex, her ass raised up invitingly to him, her legs splayed apart, and her tail pulled to the side sharply, moving alongside her body, twitching. He took the invitation and mounted her, plunging his pointed organ into her body. Soon it began to swell, and thicken. She groaned as his knot filled her vaginal opening, and squeezed him deeper, past the muscular ring that lay just inside. He began to thrust into her his organ twitching and pushing on many confined places. She growled her approval of the sensation and he released her neck, to lay his great head upon her back, and his forepaws wrapped her small waist tightly. She dug her steel-tipped claws into the wooden floor for purchase as he started thrusting in earnest.

Within seconds she was caterwauling like a wounded thing, but anyone who knew cats knew the sound. The wolf growled and grunted as he took his bitch, and mated her thoroughly. Sharesh was not even sure if she climaxed, so feral was the sensation of being taken by a wolf, but she did feel much better after. The wolf, for his part, still laid upon her back, his swollen knot tying him into her tight vagina. A few minutes later, it began to shrink, and soon slipped out of her. She rose from the floor and told Victor. That was not bad at all. She scratched his head. That may be your least mean form, as far as sex. 

He shifted back to a man, sitting on the floor in a rather painful-looking pose. Do you really think that is so? He asked. But I was not holding anything back.

She grinned at him, and sat on the bed, donning her dress again. Well, youre not quite so well endowed as a hundred pound wolf as you are as a large man or wolf-man. She then added. And youre very playful, did you play with the human women such as that?

He nodded. Some of them. He replied. They have become my favorites, they did not scream and try to avoid my affection. He said after some thought.

And do you wonder at that? Sharesh said, looking at him with a small tilt to her head. The ones you actually played with, and gave some fun to before taking them were enjoying your coming, even if it meant being bedded by a dog later.

While I am no human, and only somewhat knowledgeable of their ways. She said. I think that the women are quite easy to satisfy, easier than I often am. She kissed him as he stood up. Where did you learn of women?

He looked down. I was not really taught about women. He said. At twelve, I was sent to my fathers Captain of the Guard, and made to soldier until I was twenty-five. He looked quite unhappy. The Captain did not allow me to be near women, he said it would distract me from my education in the ways of war.

He was a fool. Said the cat. She lifted his downturned face. A real soldier fights best when he is defending something. She kissed him deeply, and with as much feeling of affection as she could muster. Which, right after love play, was usually quite a lot. He taught you the ways, but not the whys. She chuckled at her own play on words. A soldier defending people he loves and women he cares for will fight much harder, smarter, and valiantly than a man just fighting to win.

Victor nodded. I saw that in battle. When we fought against the Rojandos from the south. The men who were married and had families were our finest warriors, they would stand at the gates of the village, even other peoples villages, and fight like madmen. His eyes took on the distant look of an old campaigner. She knew it well from veterans in both the Windy Isles and Ghant after the ill-conceived wars that Ghant launched on the island nation. The youths would break easily and be cut down as the enemy rode over them. He smiled with old memories. But the married men, and even the widowers, and the ones with lovers at home, they held the line and drove their foes back and often bested them. He said. My own natural abilities were all that kept me from dying many times over. He pointed out. Few could abide me, and fewer still had a hope of actually hurting me.

She imagined his nine-foot form, armored and with massive claws bolted to his gauntlets, tearing through the enemy like a child rips through a shrub in play. Enemy shot and arrow bouncing off his armor and hide, and turning aside blades and spear like a stone pillar.

He looked at her. I did not enjoy the slaughter I wrought. He said. Some of the others of my kind did. Other nobles of Wulfen blood. He cringed. They reveled in it, howled at the enemy and taunted them as they disemboweled them. Raped their women and dismembered their children. A few tears fell from his black eyes. I did not partake of those pastimes. When the battle was over, I went back to the camp, and to the chapel tent and prayed to the One to deliver us from the hell we were creating. He sighed. After the war, some...many of the Wulfen lords could not adapt to peace. They ravaged their own fiefdoms, and the King, and even their own people dragged them down. He looked at her. That is part of why what you said yesterday struck home with me. I fear my people becoming so frightened of me that they decide that they would be better off under a man who is not a demon among them.

She patted his naked thigh. You are no demon. She said, then leaned to him and kissed him again. You are a man with a gift. A very dangerous gift, mind you. But a gift nonetheless. She looked distant a moment. Show me a hundred men eager to do battle, and I will show you seventy-five dead men. She said, it sounded like a quote.

Who said that? He asked. Those are wise words.

She said. My father. She smiled wanly. He was a leader of my kind, if you will believe it. She looked up. Before we were driven from Niliwan, we had wide holdings there, and were among the great houses. She shrugged. But the fortunes of politics and war, and we were on a refugee ship and landed in Ghant. She laughed bitterly. Luckily, I was old enough to protect myself and young enough to attract men who could help me forward my plans. She looked toward the door. There are a few of us, a few hundreds, mostly in a Ghetto in Varice. She shrugged and stared into his eyes. But we will no longer make war, for Ghant or anyone. We will defend ourselves and our city-state. But we will not go to others homes and take death to their doorstep.

Victor nodded. Nor will I. He said. And now I wish to take no misery to anyones doorstep, especially my own peoples.

You know, the demand of service from women is considered such in some places. She said, eyeing him with a sidelong gaze. Especially of married women, whos husbands are being dishonored by your requirements. Not to mention the girls involved in general not being give the right to consent.

He nodded. I know. He looked ashamed. But the urges are mighty, and when the blood of the wolf flows strong, on nights of high moon, I cannot fight it. He looked at her. I think I can control it enough to try to make it pleasurable for them, but I cannot go without, it would drive me mad. He shrugged. The wolf in me thinks this is my pack, and these are my bitches. He waved his hands out in an all-encompassing gesture. And I will service them, and they me. He sighed deeply. It has always been thus with Wulfen both fair and foul. He smiled sourly. Only the foul ones often leave their women dead or entire families. Luckily, those are mostly gone, and only the few of us with what restraint we had remain.

Are there female Wulfen? She asked. Women who can take your impulses and urges and not be hurt, even if fully loosed on them?

He shook his head. Only males are born Wulfen, and even if the child is my issue, there is no guarantee of it. He said. I have sired over a dozen children since ascending to my fathers chair, and none have been of the blood.

How do you know when one is? She asked.

He smiled. They are born as pups. He looked at her. A litter of two to four of them. He chuckled dryly. The mothers are usually quite surprised, but all the midwives about know to send for me if they come across such. He looked at her. We have good records here, for much of the past is important to us. When a woman is with child and carrying to term, it is noted, and the results of the birth or loss must be recorded, lying would not be easy. He saw the look she was giving him, of dubious worry.

I see. She said. I am sorry our lesson got so sidetracked today. She smiled. I will make it up to you with a pleasant test tonight.

He grinned at that. Vannah again? He said, sounding hopeful.

You favor her? She asked, looking at him with knowing eyes.

He smiled. I guess I do, she has been with us a long while, and she is a fine girl, and quite pretty. He said. I desired her when I was a youth, even, before I went to war, and she to Ghant. He admitted. But both of us were too young to do anything of that. He looked at her earnestly. Do not say anything to her. I wish her freedom and I cannot marry her or even take her as consort, her lowly status would prohibit it.

Sharesh rose from the edge of the bed. I will keep still on it. She promised. And, as my assistant, Vannah will be administering the test again tonight.

The smile he wore as he dressed was quite happy looking, and expectant.

---

I cannot believe I find myself looking forward to being with the Count again. Vannah said as Sharesh bathed her. The cat wondered if she realized what an honor receiving a tub bath from a rakasta was, Sharesh was getting wet for her sake.

The scratches on her leg were mending well, and there was little sign of the bruising on her womanly parts. She talked animatedly most of the bath, causing the cat to smile a lot while she scrubbed and soaped, and played. The girl turned in the tub to face her, and giggled. You look so pitiful. She said, looking at the normally sleek and tawny Sharesh with her fur matted to her body, making her look thirty pounds lighter. 

The cat smiled. I know. I hate baths. She said.

Then why are you in it with me? The maid asked I could have bathed myself for tonight.

Sharesh kissed her, grabbing the girls wet hair and holding her in the kiss for a long while. When she broke off the kiss she said. And miss a chance to feel your body? She scoffed. I think not. And her clawed hands massaged the girls conical breasts, causing her to moan.

The girl giggled, and ran her slim fingers up Shareshs normally sleekly furred thigh. In the water, it felt like thick paste on her flesh. Its hardly the same, is it? She said, touching the wet fur.

For me either. Sharesh answered. Next time, I bathe you my way.

Vannah squirmed at the thought. I would love that, though I will not be of much help, I cannot reach as many places as you on my own body.

Sharesh leered at her. Good, you just lay still then, and I will tend to it. The long cut the girl had given herself with Shareshs claw was just a thin scab now. The cat looked at it and traced its path with an extended nail.

You wish to reopen it? Vannah asked, a promising smile playing on her face.

Sharesh looked at her wide eyed. After it heals, if you wish it. She said. Inflicting pain is not my personal preference.

The girl sighed and grabbed her finger, and extending the claw, licked it, pressing it dangerously hard to her tongue, it did not break the skin, but it easily could have. I will wish it. She said. Your claws are unbelievably sexy to me. She said. Deadly and precise, weapons and tools, exotic and lethal. She said, letting the cats hand go.

She looked at her claw and smiled uncomfortably. You have me bested in an area of erotic desire, Vannah. She said. But I will accommodate your tastes, as I find you more and more irresistible. She shook her wet head. I must get out of this water, though. She said, with disgust in her voice.

The girl giggled as she stood up and shook the majority of the water from her fur, starting at her head and then working the intense shaking down to her tail and legs. She then walked out into her room and laid down on the floor where the evening sun was pouring through the windows.

Vannah finished bathing and then toweled herself off. She came to the room and sat beside the reclining cat. Youre so pretty, Sharesh. She said, petting her quickly drying chest and belly.

The cat looked up, opening her large emerald orbs. Youre pretty yourself, you know? She said. Your hair is so lustrous, it reminds me of my mother, and of the human women of Niliwan, my original homeland, they had thick black hair like yours, though not quite as thick, but equally black. My mothers was thick, though, and lustrous, and shone blue in sunlight, like yours. She said, and touched the girls long tresses. As she touched the girls hair, she responded to the contact by rubbing her face and hair on Shareshs hand. Are you quite certain youre not part cat? She said, smiling up at the girls closed eyes and subtle smile.

I suppose I might be. The girl said. But so far as I have seen, all my lineage is human.

The cat-girl giggled and extended her claws behind Vannahs neck and pulled her down to her. The girl did not resist and they laid side by side and caressed each other until most of Sharesh was dry.

---

It was again ten oclock, and the house staff had left for their quarters. The girl did not look as if she were going to a funeral this time, she was animated and happy as they treaded their way to the Counts chambers. Sharesh smiled to see her thus, knowing that it was a very positive sign of Victors progress to becoming a good and pleasurable lover.

Vannah knocked upon his door before Sharesh could and Victor asked them in. They both entered and the girl smiled and bowed to him. Milord. She said, and Sharesh smiled and nodded.

Victor was standing near the window. It was dark out, and the room only slightly brighter, with only four candles burning in the corners. Sharesh had requested the mood lighting for tonights testing. He was wearing only a robe, a fine linen one, and Vannahs was identical in her size. It was symbolic, the cat knew, to place them on equal footing in tonights act.

Victor cleared his throat. Good evening, Vannah, you look lovely tonight. He said. The lines were not terribly creative, but the girl smiled widely nonetheless.

Thank you, Victor. She said. I see Sharesh has something in mind, given our attire.

Sharesh placed a hand over her chest. Me? She shook her head. Im just here to observe. She said defensively. Well, that and tell you two how to start, then Im going to fade into the woodwork.

Victor chuckled. Very well, my mentor. He said. How shall we start?

Sharesh said. Play.

The Count knew immediately what she meant and quickly shifted into the great wolf shape he had used earlier. Vannah smiled but looked very nervous. I am very uncomfortable with the idea of a dog taking me, milord. She said.

Sharesh leaned in close to her ear. Dont think about him as a male, think of him as a playful doggy, and play. She said in a whisper.

Vannah smiled and nodded. Okay. She said, and let her robe fall from her shoulders. She hunkered down and Victor responded by lowering his forelimbs and head almost to the floor, with his tail wagging fiercely. He yipped playfully then barreled at her, with his mouth closed.

The girl tried to catch his weight but they both tumbled across the thick carpet with a rumble and a crash as they knocked that same table over. She was laughing heartily as she pushed his head away and leaped upon his back, grabbing him about his middle and bearing him over. He kicked and yipped, and playfully bit at her arms, though he never seemed to actually get a good grip on them. He turned and pushed back and she fell onto her butt. Instantly he spun about and licked her face and neck. She grabbed his great head in both arms and pushed him aside, but he bore her back, bringing his face around for another series of fierce lickings. She continued giggling and laughing throughout this. For a brief moment, she was atop his back and he ran with her there, laying across him, facing backwards, but then she tumbled off and he pounced upon her, laying his weight on her belly and taking little nips and licks at her legs and thighs. She squealed as he grabbed a foot and tickled it with his tongue, then let it go and ran toward her as she sat up.

He turned sideways as he rammed into her upper body, and she grabbed him around his belly again. They both rolled over and she flipped him onto his back. She held him there for a moment, catching her breath while he flopped about unable to get any of his legs to the floor with her centering him on his back. She rose to her knees, and started scratching his exposed belly with her nails and he stopped squirming, enjoying the feeling. Then she turned to his massive head and grabbed his ears. He flipped over and jumped over her back. She started to turn when she felt his teeth on her neck. She moaned as she felt him on her back, and she responded by assuming the same pose Sharesh has, almost automatically, her legs splayed apart and her upper body lower down. 

Her breathing was heavy and fast, and he was panting around her neck. He looked at Sharesh expectantly. Do you wish him to not do this? Sharesh asked her quietly. 

Vannah smiled at her hungrily. I wish him to do something, I am very aroused.

Immediately, he plunged into her, his narrow penis slipping easily into Vannahs body. The girl groaned, and her upper half collapsed to the floor. She pushed back with her ass and thighs, taking him into her. He started pistoning in and out, and she met each trust. She clawed at the carpet as his organ within her swelled, filling with blood. Then groaned loudly into the floor as his knot expanded, stretching her.

She looked back over her shoulder at the feral form taking her and moaned loudly then smiled contentedly as the wolf started to use her. She was his bitch for now, and this did not upset her at all. She started grunting as he pounded into her, taking very short, very fast thrusts. Sharesh could hear the girls orgasm approach rapidly with the intensely fast movements. The wolf started to growl and grunt just before that, signs that he was coming then. The girl finally bucked against him and yelled out Victors name again as she worked her long, pleasurable way through her orgasm. She smiled as he slowed. Then raised back up to her hands. He relaxed onto her back, and she felt his cock pulsing in her, pumping semen. She reached one hand back and petted Victor, who was panting and wearing a wide dog-like smile.

A few minutes later, he shifted back to man form, still buried deep in her vagina, but going limp rapidly. He grabbed her sides with his hands, and began kissing her shoulders and the back of her exposed neck, which still had little red indentations from his teeth. Finally, he slipped out of her, and stood up. He helped her to her feet, and she looked down at her knees, they were red and raw.

Sharesh clucked her tongue and said, Carpet burn. I have ointment for that in my room. She giggled, still examining the girls knees. Hazard of the job.

The girl turned to Victor and kissed him, possibly the first time one of his people had made a move at him since he ascended to his chair. He responded by kissing her back and pulling her into his arms. She put her own arms around him and kissed a long while. Finally Sharesh said. I think our test was a success. She said. Was it so bothersome with a wolf Vannah?

The girl smiled. Not really, especially since I knew who the wolf really was.

Sharesh took her hand. Until the morrow, milord.

The Count looked after them. You said if I was doing well, you might consider sharing my bed.

The cat regarded him. So I did. She looked at him and Vannah. You will not sleep alone tomorrow if you do well.

He smiled and nodded. The two girls bowed and left the room. They did not make it to her room before they started kissing in the hall. Vannah stopped the kiss and said. That was incredible! Her eyes were huge. I felt so...so naughty, with an animal using me! 

Sharesh smiled patiently. It is intense, is it not? Now you see how much stimulation comes from your own mind. She said to the girl who nodded.

Vannah smiled. Even if you left now, and everything went back to as before, I would thank you. She said. I have had pleasures these last two days enough to make me forget any pains.

Sharesh took her hand again. I have several more days here, and you several more tests to administer for me. She said. So dont go thinking you are out of the wood yet.

The girl laughed. I look forward to it, may the One help me, I do. She said, slightly dazed about that. It is a thing most amazing to me, that what I once dreaded, with just a little change, becomes something I not only seek, but wait excitedly for.

The cat kissed her cheek and said. It is a nature of the beast.

---

Sharesh let Vannah go home to her family in town the next morning, to visit them, as she normally does every two or three days for a short period. She prowled the manor after breakfast and poked her nose into rooms. She was a cat after all, and it was in her nature to peek into all the corners of her environment. She prowled down the hall from her room, past what appeared to be other guest rooms, as they were decorated differently from hers but had similar furnishings. Finally she came across something different. The room was a library, or she was seriously mistaken. She looked at the rows of books, there were hundreds of them. She looked at the shelves laden with them, heavy oaken things. The room smelled a bit musty, but she supposed a lot of books would smell that way.

She slunk about the room, looking at various artifacts on shelves and little tables that were placed randomly in the vaulted chamber. There were a lot of little clockwork devices that she found charming to watch when she wound them up and let them go. A few items looked rather dangerous, with wickedly barbed blades and razor cutting edges. Sharesh could not read Eastron, though, and soon tired of the room. She crept into the hallway and found a staircase down.

She walked down the stairs, it was a very narrow staircase, and she decided it must be the servants stairs. She emerged into the kitchens, confirming her suspicion. There were half a dozen people in here and they all turned to look at her. She smiled nervously and waved. Several of them made tentative waves in return, but the rest simply stared for a few moments then went about their work. 

She walked through the kitchen and out through a pair of double doors, which led to a huge and ornate dining room. A huge table ran through the chamber with at least thirty chairs around it. A fireplace large enough to roast a whole boar within stood against the wall shared with the kitchen.

She rowred in appreciation for the paintings on the wall in here. There were over twenty of them, all featuring handsome men wearing severe clothes, black and gray, like the Count seemed to favor. She looked at several closely, and there was definitely a family resemblance to the Count. The page she had cornered yesterday came into the room, headed toward the kitchen. She smiled at him and he stopped dead in his tracks. He babbled something short to her and smiled back. She said I dont speak Eastron, sorry.

He said. Me speak bad Ghant. And smiled embarrassedly. He was a skinny lad, and looked maybe sixteen. She quickly considered if she should seduce him, and decided that she would let him have her if he tried. She thought about Juan Cervezas published theory that All girls decide if they are wanting you within five minutes of you meeting them. She had to agree. Then again, she had only met a few men she would not give at least a cuddle to in her life.

He looked at her oddly for a moment. Its not terribly bad. She said, and passed by him on the way out the door, slipping her tail over his tight pants and the tight bottom under them. He stared after her as she went into the grand foyer. She looked back over her shoulder. I hope we run into each other another time. She said, giving him a inviting look. She turned around and almost ran into Alexei. Alexei! She exclaimed, causing the poor pudgy man to jump a bit. I wanted to ask you a favor.

She gave him some rather detailed instructions, then sent him on his way. He bowed and left the room, headed toward the stables. She smiled, the lessons would be more fun today than before, for both of them.

She wandered across the foyer, she had been here before and knew the sitting room was opposite, so she went through the other doors off this room. She opened it slowly, and peered in. There was another huge room here, and it was completely empty. A ballroom, she decided, looking at the band alcove at one end. It was lovely, with bas-relief carvings on the walls and a ledge at about shoulder height for setting drinks. She could not resist the urge to walk out onto the polished marble floor and do some expansive spins, twirling athletically across the floor. She imagined grand ball music playing for her, and began to dance. She had never been taught dance, and had a rather unique form, combining Niliwander martial arts, as taught by her father and rather acrobatic antics that only a rakasta can manage, except maybe by particularly gifted elves.

As she landed from a massive leap, she slid on the marble for a long distance before coming to a rest, with her legs spread apart fully. She moved her hands, claws extended, in an intricate pattern, refracting the dappled sunlight pouring in the huge bay windows along the back wall. Then pressed her whole body to the floor. 

She almost leaped to the massive crystal chandelier when she heard clapping from the doorway. Victor was standing there, smiling broadly and applauding heartily. There was no sarcasm in his expression. I should hold a ball before you leave, to let you embarrass the noblewomen of this land. He said, grinning. Your grace is even greater than your beauty.

She smiled and thanked the One that she could not blush, though her ears were laid to the side, indicating her mood to any who could read cats well. She pulled her legs together, standing in the process, in another move that most humans would find difficult. She said. We should dance with you in your beast-man form, that would set the society to talking, would it not? She said.

He thought for a moment. Do not tempt me, Miss Sharesh, I may just do that. He said, chuckling.

She walked up to him and kissed him on the cheek. Youre a lot sweeter than you think. She said. You should let some of your women out there see that. She smiled at him and pulled him onto the dance floor. She danced about him, spinning and writhing suggestively. Ive taken a liking to one of the page boys, I think. She said, sliding over his back and pressing her hands to his sides as she passed. May I play with him on the side, if it comes up? She asked.

He said. Of course you can. He said. You are not the one taking lessons. He smiled as she rounded and slipped up over his leg, gripping it with hers and tilting back until her hands touched the floor then releasing his leg and flipping over to land on her feet. You seem to know your way about both men and women, so I would say you are already trained.

She rotated toward him, spinning like a top, with just her toes metal claws on the floor, bent forward until the round back surfaces rested on the floor. She spun very fast, making her a blur of motion. As she got close to him, he reached out one large hand and, timing it well, gripped her shoulder and stopped her as she spun into his arms. She slammed into his body with her back, and arched her back so that she was looking up into his face over her head. He kissed her deeply upside down, and she slipped her tail up between his legs and dragged it over his butt as forcefully as she could. She liked the tight pants that the men wore in this country. She started purring. We can do your next lesson here, if you like.

The servants would talk. He said, smiling.

She widened her eyes at him. Theyre already talking, from what Ive seen. Hopefully what they are saying is good. She said. Then folded herself and slipped backward between his legs and rolled until she was well behind him and unfolded herself into a leap that let her gently land on the drink ledge. His eyes followed her movements and he applauded again. You could earn a fine living as a dancer, you know?

She bowed toward her audience and said. I have, and as many other things before courtesan. She grinned from her perch. And I still do, actually. I make a living doing whatever is asked of me, and you would be amazed at how many men do not want to buy sex. She dropped off the ledge, no longer displaying acrobatics. Id say half of them just want someone to pay attention to them, or show them something theyve never seen.

And the other half? Victor asked.

She swished her tail around and nuzzled it like a baby in her hands. They want to bed me. She said with a wicked smile.

He held out a hand, and she gracefully took it. The two left the ballroom and he escorted her up the wide staircase to the second floor. They were soon in his bedchamber. I wonder what it is like to be one of the half that does not want to bed you. He said as he shut the door.

I wouldnt know, I want to sleep with almost everyone. She said, shrugging.

What will we learn today? He asked her.

Restraint. She said. You will be practicing what you learned the last three days, with a new girl, with whom youve never had sex, at all. She smiled as he looked confused. I will return when the lesson is ready. She said, and left the room, and the confused-looking Victor.

---

A hour and a half later, Sharesh appeared at the his chamber door, with Victor sitting on the couch, still, looking over some documents. He looked up, and waved her in. She came in with a young girl in tow. The girl looked almost terrified. Her eyes were wide and her expression extremely nervous.

Victor stood and walked to the cat. Is she not a little young? He asked. I am a beast, but I do wait for them to be of age. He looked at the girl.

She is of age, as of three days ago. Sharesh said. And she volunteered. She added. Her sister and mother have both suffered at your...hands, and she knows that she will share that outcome if you arent changed.

He looked at the girl again. She was slim and short, with the thick black hair common around the Eastern Realms. Her eyes were exceptional, though, being almost the same green that Sharesh had. She had a rather average face, and her mouth was thinner than he liked, with narrow lips and a rather sharp nose. She was not beautiful, but she was not ugly either. She watched the Count with distrust, and a bit of fear.

Now, you will get seduce her. The cat said. You will get her to want to make love to you, and you will do it, without hurting her any more than any other deflowering.

I do not know, Sharesh... He started, still regarding the young woman.

Sharesh cut him off. You will, before anyone will spend the night with you. She said, and went to sit on the sofa. She folded her legs under herself and watched with detached curiosity.

Victor glared at her a moment, then turned again to the girl. Welcome to my home...er? He said in Eastron.

She looked at him and bowed deeply. I am Trinka, milord. She said, quietly. She smiled timidly.

Sharesh couldnt understand them, but got the gist of what was being said by their gestures and reactions.

You seem afraid of me, Trinka. He said, giving her a gentle smile. There is little to fear.

Trinka looked at him and a bit of distrust crossed her face. Begging your pardon, milord, but I was told to speak truly to you. You frighten me greatly, you have hurt my sister and mother in the past, and I fear you will hurt me too. Her eyes flicked to Sharesh.

The Count said. Please, call me Victor, we are alone and I do not need my titles when alone with someone. He said, smiling again.

The girl gulped visibly. Yes, Victor. She said, and gave back a nervous smile.

Much better. He said. I understand you volunteered for this... He shrugged, ...lesson.

She actually giggled. Yes, I did. She looked at the floor. I was afraid you would be taking me soon, and did not want it to hurt. A tear rolled down her cheek. At least my first time.

He sat on the arm of the padded chair. If you choose to let this happen today, then I promise it will hurt as little as possible. He said. You are an innocent, though, and there will be some pain, I am sure.

She nodded, then looked a bit confused. If? Victor, I said I would do it before I was brought here.

He nodded back to her. But only if you decide that you really want to, not just to avoid later pain. He sighed. I promise if you say no, you will be taken home and I will never touch you, but you must give me some time.

She smiled at him. Time I am happy to give, Victor.

Good! He said, standing. You are a clever young woman, Trinka. He said. I will not lie to you, I would like to make love to you today. Youve a lovely figure. He said, giving her body a long glance. She did look good in Shareshs form-fitting dress.

She said. The cat-lady gave me this. She looked at the dress. It is pretty, but a bit revealing.

He nodded. She seems to like showing off her figure. He said, glancing at the cat. But, then again, you should, too, for yours is very nice, as well.

She blushed a little. I wish I were prettier, Victor.

Does not everyone? He asked, chuckling and holding his hands out from himself. Myself included.

She stared at him. You? She giggled. Youre very handsome, milord. She said. If you were not so rough with us women of the village, most would give themselves quite freely, from what I hear them say. She looked at the floor. Myself included. Her green eyes flicked to his. She kept going. I even hear about you becoming a beast man or wolf with them and they say those would even be tolerable, as they are handsome beasts, and amazing to behold.

It is only my roughness with them that makes them dread it? He asked.

She shrugged. For most, yes, though there are some who wish to be loyal to their mates or betrothed. She shook her head. I think you would upset them in any case. She looked at him. Last you were with my sister, you broke her wrist and she could not work for three days from the other pain, and her wrist is still mending. She sighed. You are too aggressive with us, Victor, if I may say so.

I am trying to put an end to that. He said. But I was complementing you. He said, his smile surfacing again.

She smiled at his words. Thank you victor. She said. But I know I am plain, and wish you would say so, rather than ply me with compliments that are hollow to my ears.

He smiled again. You are a very clever girl. He said. And that is meant just for you. He looked at her. And you do have very nice legs, and quite a lovely rump. He said, walking close to her. She tried to keep him in at least her peripheral vision, but he walked all the way around her.

She giggled. Than you, Victor, those are compliments I will accept. she looked at him. If I may say you are handsome, and the very image of a great man. She looked him over, with an equally studious eye.

He sat back on the arm of the chair. My teacher has challenged me with you, she has. He said, looking over at Sharesh.

The girl looked over, too. She is an amazing woman. The girl said. My cousin spoke most highly of her.

You are kin to Vannah? He asked her.

She grinned. Yes, and Vannah says you are a wondrous lover now. She looked at the floor. It is the main reason I volunteered, in case you start to hurt us again, I will have enjoyed the more enjoyable times at least once.

He touched her shoulder and she turned. I am still very scared, though. She said as she faced him.

He stood, and stepped right in front of her, dwarfing her. I suppose you should be. He said. But I keep my promise. He said. He pointed to the door. If you wish to leave, then do so. I will never touch you.

She stood there for a long moment, then looked at him. No. I wish to stay. She gulped. I...I want you to take me. Her breathing had changed tempo, and he could see her eyes flickering over him. It is not just the lessons. When I heard Vannah describe to me what loving you was like, I wanted to know it for myself. She swallowed again. I think it will be something I will never know again, if I do not try it now.

He smiled gently again. You underestimate yourself. He said, and put both of his massive hands on her shoulders. She did not flinch away, just started breathing more heavily. Calm a little, Trinka. He said, and kissed her neck. She sighed at that, inhaling deeply, then exhaling slowly as his tongue touched her throat under her ear. Her hand came up and touched his hair and he turned his head and kissed the palm.

She smiled. Then pulled his head gently back to her neck. He began kissing it again, and using his teeth to bite her throat gently. She let out the tiniest of moans and gulped again.

He used his hands on her shoulders to start her turning, and she did so. She looked up into his black eyes with her luminous green ones. He lifted her chin with one hand and kissed her gently at first, then more aggressively. His tongue brushed her lips and then parted them. She opened her mouth a tiny way as he slid his tongue within. He felt her tongue against his, and toyed with it for a moment. She gasped as he pulled her hips to him and she felt his manhood press against her belly.

What acts have you done with a man? He asked her quietly.

She swallowed again. Very few. She said. I have kissed a few boys, and once pleasured one with my mouth and hands.

Victor nodded. Very normal for a girl your age. He said. He put his hands back on her shoulders and kissed her neck again. She moaned gently. He slid his hands to the sides of her shoulders and the straps of the flimsy gown went with them, then fell to the floor. She was nude beneath it. Her olive skin was near unblemished, smooth and very tight over her muscles and bones. She made no move to cover herself, but she did blush deeply. You have never been unclothed in sight of a man before? He asked.

She shook her head, and looked down. He touched her chin again and lifted her eyes to his. You have been denying men a fine view, then. He said, appraising her figure. Youre body is glorious. He said.

She looked down again. I said idle flattery was not to my liking, Victor. She said.

He said It is far form idle, young lady. He regarded her body. It is well knit and very well formed. You have nice hips, and very firm breasts. He looked lower, and you womanhood is very attractive to the eye, and believe me, milady, there are unattractive ones out there. He mocked a cringe.

This made her giggle and smile up at him. Then I will accept your compliment.

He reached out with one hand and touched her stomach, and felt her strained breathing. You are still too nervous. He said, and kissed her cheek. Then he moved that hand up her chest and onto one of her breasts. She gasped, and her hand covered his. Her young face was very plain, but instantly became more attractive as she started to feel passion. With her lips parted and her eyes cast up to him she was much more desirable.

He looked down her long torso to her pubic mound, she had a sparse covering of fine black hairs, he could still see her olive skin through the hair, but it would fill in within the next few years. He took her hand from his and put it upon the top button of his shirt. She looked at him then moved her other hand to it and started unbuttoning them. When she had finished she was not sure what to do. She moved right on to his belt, and unfastened it. He watched her as she untied the front of his tight pants, and then she pushed them down clumsily, lowering them to his knees.

She giggled when she got to his boot tops. I should have taken these off first. She said. He lifted his foot and she pulled off one boot, then the other as he lifted that foot. She pulled his pants on down, then finally looked back up from her kneeling position. She gasped when she saw his engorged manhood. Would you like me to pleasure you from here? She asked him.

He shook his head. I wish to pleasure you first. He said. But I appreciate you asking, very much. She smiled as he lifted her to her feet. He shrugged off his shirt and it fell to the floor among their other clothes.

With a gulp, she reached for his erect cock, and encircled it with her hand. Youre quite large, Victor. She said. It is little wonder you cause some women pain. 

He nodded. I know. Then he said. I assume youve heard of my changing forms?

She smiled. Yes, I know you get bigger still, and that, I have to admit, frightens me very much. She looked at his pole again and her hand enwrapping it.

He backed toward the bed, and she followed, still holding his penis. He sat down and she sat beside him, her hand never leaving his organ. He chuckled, You seem attached to that. He said.

She smiled up at him. I want to get to know what is going to deflower me. She said. Then she looked down. Unless you wish to change forms for that.

He lifted her head again, and kissed her deeply. Then he said. No. I will open you as I am.

Her face showed relief. Thank you, Victor. That thought had me worried. She giggled nervously.

He gently kissed her again, reclining her as he did so. She laid back and he started to kiss his way down her body. Stopping and suckling on each breast, and causing her to moan as he nibbled on the nipples gently. He then began kissing her belly and then dragged his tongue through her pubic hairs. She gasped as he found her clitoris. Her legs moved apart slowly, and he moved between them with his head. Ive never had a man do that before, Victor. She said breathily.

He smiled up at her. Then be sure the man you marry will do it before you marry him. He said, and chuckled. She giggled with him, smiling as she laid her head back and he began flicking his tongue over her labia and clitoris again.

She moaned softly as he worked between her thighs, and she moved one hand down to run through his hair. That feels good, Mlo...Victor. She said, her face a mask of pleasure. He thought about his old ways of taking women, and knew that by now, a mere week ago, and she would be crying as he pounded his swollen cock into her virginal cunt. Now she was moaning in pleasure and encouraging him with her hands.

Her moans turned into groans as he shifted to the beast man, his snout grew long and his hair under her fingers thickened and stiffened into the short bristles of a wolfs massive had. She looked down and sighed out loud as he drove his long tongue into her, feeling about her inner place with it, exploring it deeply. He lapped at her, tasting her virginity that was taken without her notice by his slippery tongue. She writhed on the bed, and grabbed his head with both hands. He growled deeply in his throat, and started lapping at her between long thrusts of his tongue. She pulled on his head, pulling him onto her, driving his moist nose into her clitoris as his tongue filled her up. Her legs were in the air for a moment, then they came to rest on his massive shoulders, and she relaxed them for a brief space. Then they tensed up again, like they were suddenly made of metal, Her lower body lifted from the sheets, and she started moaning loudly, the moan grew louder until it shifted subtly into a high-pitched scream. She yelled incoherently as she reached her climax, and then came back down just as fast, descending through the volume to a whisper of By the One. She laid there and panted a few moments before she looked down again. Victor, I never expected that. She said. I will never doubt my cousin again. She giggled, and closed her legs as he stood. 

He smiled at her and shifted back to human form, gazing at her and lying beside her as she continued to writhe her thighs together. I am very glad you liked it, Triska. More than you can know.

She grabbed his head in both hands and kissed him aggressively. She pulled her lips from his and said. I am glad you did it. She said. Milord, You may have me when you like. She said. I will suffer some pain to earn that pleasure.

He grinned and again glanced at Sharesh, who was watching them intently. He noticed she had one hand down between her own legs, and was slowly stroking her own womanhood. She pointed at the girl as if to say Not me, her!

He gently urged her to the center of the bed, and laid her flat on her back. He kissed her some more, and played gently with her soft breasts. Finally he said. If you would have me, then move your legs apart.

She complied immediately, smiling as she did so. Like this? She asked.

Now you play coy? He teased her. She giggled again, and spread her legs more, and lifted her knees. 

He moved between them poising his large erection over her tiny hole. It glistened with her juices and his saliva. He gently moved down a bit, the head moving her soft labia aside. She moaned at first contact, and her ankles met on his back, just above his butt. He moved down a bit more, and pushed up. She gasped as the thick knob of his head parted the labia and entered the ring of muscle within. Her eyes were locked on his and her mouth partially open. Take me, milord. She whispered to him. I give myself to you freely. He slipped in more, and she shook, her eyes widening, but never blinking or leaving his, her mouth moved open farther and a tiny sound of pain left her throat. She slowly stopped shaking and he pushed in another ways, eliciting the same reaction, but this time she recovered faster, and she smiled. I thought it was supposed to hurt a lot. She teased him. Ive harmed myself worse stubbing my toe. He smiled and finished his plunge into her, giving her almost half of it in one movement of his hips. She groaned in the back of her throat, and her eyes grew very large indeed. But again they did not flinch, nor did they leave his eyes. I did not mean to upset you, if such I did. She said, smiling gently. I simply sought to lighten the mood a bit.

He grinned down at her. I did not mean to hurt you, I simply sought to bury my cock in you. He responded, chuckling as he kissed her.

She smiled wider and said. I am surprised, by your reputation, that it did not hurt more, but I suppose that is what you have been trying to do.

He nodded, and pulled partially out, then back in, she groaned. Oh. She said, her eyes finally shutting, he repeated the motion, then began to take her in fact, not just enter her. She laid very still, but she did seem to be enjoying it more than being upset about it. Victor felt Shareshs hand on his shoulder as he pumped into her. She licked his ear and said. Shift now. Quietly into the cup of his ear.

He began to slowly change form. As his already large shaft grew, the girls eyes widened, and she started moaning louder, but still seemed to not be in overly much pain. He continued to grow and she began to show signs of it hurting. Now shift back, stop getting bigger. The cat said. And he painfully for himself stopped the process and reversed it. The girls face registered relief as his organ shrank back to normal proportions. Thank you milord. she gasped between thrusts. I do not think I am quite ready for that. She said, and put her arms about him. 

He grunted in orgasm as he spilled his seed into her small body, and she sighed as she felt it. He spent himself into her and she caressed him as he laid on her chest. Thank you. She said again, stroking his hair. I saw that stopping hurt you, milord, and I will make it up to you one day. She smiled at him. It would be the least I can do.

Victor looked about for Sharesh but she was gone. He slipped off of the girl, and kissed her for a bit. She sat up and looked around, too. Where did the cat-girl go? She asked.

I think she was done with us. He said, smiling at her.

The girl smiled back. Should I leave? She asked him.

He kissed her some more. When you are ready, I will have you driven back to your home.

She giggled and snuggled up to him. If you leave it to me. She said, smiling. Tomorrow then.

The two shared the bed that night, and he made love to her two more times, not shifting, but staying a man and pleasing Triska, and himself in the process. Sharesh checked on them a few times, and once she found them sleeping, cuddled together, she returned to her own room, where Vannah was also sleeping. She laid next to the girl and cuddled up to her. I told you youd have company tonight, Victor. She whispered.