                     Oh, Sister! - Chapter 4

That evening seemed the longest in Becky's memory.  Longer 
than even Christmas Eve when she was a kid.  She knew she'd be 
screwing with Vic again as soon as it was safe to do so and she 
waited impatiently for their parents to retire after supper.

During the meal she and Vic had kept exchanging glances like 
secret lovers, which, she supposed, they were.  She had barely 
been able to supress winking at him, thinking mainly of how 
puzzled her mother would be at this odd action.  Vic looked at 
times as though he were supressing a grin but they made through 
the meal without exacting comment.

After supper they had both washed the pots and dishes that 
wouldn't go into the dishwasher.  The close proximity of this 
task let them cop a few surreptitious feels.  Becky had 
"accidently" filled one of Vic's hands with a breast when she 
reached up and over for a dishtowel in the cupboard and Vic had 
cupped one ass cheek a moment when he passed behind her.

All of them then watched the annual broadcast of The 
Nutcracker and they managed to get squeezed together on the 
couch.  Becky watched the final waltz with rising anticipation 
for she knew both her parents usually went to bed right after the 
program was over.  Sure enough, as the dancers were taking their 
bows and the credits rolled, both of them yawned, got up, and 
started up the stairs.

"Stay up as late as you like.  We don't have anything 
scheduled until tomorrow afternoon when we visit Aunt Marge and 
Uncle Milt."

"O.K., Mom," came from the two of them, who hadn't moved 
apart on the couch.

"An hour," mouthed Vic silently and Becky nodded assent.  

They managed not to get into a necking session while they 
were waiting, just in case someone should come down again.

Finally, the end of the local news signaled that an hour had 
passed and they started up the stairs.  Becky trembled as she led 
the way up and it was obvious Vic was also impatient.  He 
suddenly took advantage of his position to slide a hand up her 
dress and cup her ass in earnest this time.  Becky shuddered 
slightly with anticipation as she felt the warmth of his hand so 
high up.

They went down the hall to Vic's bedroom, further from the 
master bedroom than Becky's room was, and closed the door behind 
them.  Immediately they embraced, caressing each other from 
shoulder to ass as they clung together.  Vic then started 
unbuttoning Becky's dress, working his way from the bottom up the 
back.  When he was done, he unbuttoned her sleeves and pulled the 
upper part of the garment forward and down so that it hung from 
her waist.

Becky, anticipating this moment when she dressed for dinner 
that evening, had chosen the sexiest, flimsiest excuse for a bra 
in her collection.  Very low cut, the cups exposed her breasts 
almost down to the nipples, which were clearly visible anyway 
through the black lace covering them.  Vic massaged the warm 
mounds and felt both nips instantly erect through the thin 
covering.  Excitedly, he made short work of unfastening the catch 
at the back and pulling the confining undergarment off so her 
tits bounced free and settled in their unsupported position.

Vic undid the belt at his sister's waist and pulled her 
dress over her hips and let it drop to the floor.  Kneeling in 
front of her, he helped her step out of the heap of her dress, 
then pulled off her shoes.  He reached behind her to hook his 
thumbs under the elastic on her white satin half-slip and slid 
them around and down, pulling the slip over her hips and copping 
a feel of her ass at the same time.  Becky stepped out of her 
slip and stood before her brother in only her panties.  
Anticipating again, she had left off her panty-hose.

This last undergarment was a match for her now-discarded 
brassiere.  Made of the same black lace, it was little more than 
a G-string.  Becky pirouetted slowly in front of her kneeling 
brother so he could get the full effect.  The back made only a 
token attempt to cover her ass cheeks and the front was totally 
inadequate for hiding her bush.  Curls of the brown hair peeped 
out of the top and either side of the sheer lace delta that was 
over her sex.  The elastic bands around her hips were about the 
width of a shoelace.

"Boy-oh-boy-oh-boy-oh-boy," Vic managed to get out.  "You 
sure don't dress like a sister."

"This is the first time I've worn them since I bought them 
six months ago," Becky said.  "They were eighty bucks--ever 
notice how the price goes up on these things as the area covered 
shrinks--and I never felt the occasion for them was right until 
now.  Like them?"

"Yeah, but I like the contents better.  You'd better peel 
them off yourself.  I'd probably tear them in a wild frenzy," her 
brother leered.

"O.K." she replied, and turned her back to her brother.  She 
took her time to work the taut elastic strings past the swell of 
her hips, then slipped the weightless bit of lace to the floor in 
one graceful movement.  Vic got a glimpse of the coral groove in 
his sister's crotch before she straightened up again.  Vic got to 
his feet and drank in her form as she turned around again.  Becky 
could tell he was aroused by the bulge in his pants.  She made a 
token attempt to cover her sex with her hand.

"I feel funny," she said.  "You've got your clothes on and 
I'm prancing around nude."

"You can fix that easily," Vic retorted and waited for his 
sister to strip him.

She approached, embraced, and kissed him.  He put his hands 
on her waist then slid them down to cup the soft twin hemispheres 
of her ass and press his sister's loins into his.  Supported by 
his grip, Becky leaned back and unbuttoned Vic's shirt.  As she 
worked her way downward he enjoyed the view of her jiggling 
breasts and just a glimpse of the top of her muff pressed firmly 
against the erect shaft of his penis, rigid under layers of 
cloth.

Finished with the buttons, Becky made a motion to step back 
and Vic released her.  She quickly pulled the tails of the open 
shirt out of his pants and stripped it from his body, then did 
the same with his tee-shirt.  Becky stepped closer again to her 
now topless brother and swayed her shoulders so that first one 
tit, then the other brushed against his chest.  Her nipples 
instantly erected and Vic could feel them brushing him like firm 
little erasers.

"Stop tantalizing me," he demanded and swept her into his 
embrace to kiss her again.  The kiss was much deeper this time 
and they both opened their mouths to take in and be taken by the 
other.

Not breaking the kiss, Vic turned his sister slightly in his 
arms and supported her shoulders with one arm as he bore her 
back.  She clung to his shoulders as with his free hand he played 
with her lolling boobs, massaging the soft girl-flesh and 
strumming both puckered nipples with his thumb.  He then swiftly 
went south and cupped his sister's love mound, prominently 
displayed by her arched back.

"Mmmmm . . ." she murmured appreciatively through the still 
unbroken kiss and spread her knees as he massaged the hair-
covered erotic flesh.

He worked his hand deep between Becky's thighs until they 
passed her clitoris and reached the bare inner lips of her cunt. 
 They were already damp with anticipation and gently he worked 
the pink flanges apart, then sank his middle finger deep into her 
canal.

Becky's knees felt weak as her brother's probing digit 
penetrated her to the first knuckle.  It was only a minor sample 
of what was to come, she knew, but it was enough to bring her to 
a small climax.  She broke the kiss and sighed as she bucked her 
clit three times against his palm.

"Oh, Vic." she finally got out.  "I can barely stand."

"You're already bare," Vic joked.  "And as for standing, 
that's not necessary for the next step.

He set his sister back upright and eased her down to a 
kneeling position.  She was eye level with his bulging crotch and 
she looked at it longingly before bending down to his feet.

"Men with shoes and no pants look silly," she commented as 
she slipped off his loafers.

"How would you know," Vic retorted but shifted to help her 
as she peeled off his socks.

Done with the mundane, Becky returned to the top of Vic's 
trousers to unbuckle his belt.  Vic enjoyed watching his sister's 
tits bobble as she pulled the leather strap free of the loops in 
his pants and tossed it aside with a soft clank.  His hands 
itched to feel them again.

Becky caressed Vic's cock, then undid the snap of his pants. 
 She pulled down the zipper and, purposefully averting her gaze, 
spread the concealing garment open and slipped it to the floor.  
She thrilled to Vic's touch on her shoulder as he steadied 
himself while stepping out of the heap around his ankles, then 
slowly raised her eyes to her brother's loins.

He had worn briefs that were almost entirely made of blue 
fishnet.  The netting did little to conceal the pale flesh it 
contained, and only a strip of opaque cloth kept his cock from 
her view, and the tautness of it highlighted every detail of the 
rigid sex organ it contained.  The rounded twin bulge at the 
bottom disclosed where his balls rested in their hairy sac.  
Becky's heart bumped as she realized that they were where her 
brother stored the sperm he would soon be pumping into her.  She 
imagined the hot cream making its round-about journey deep into 
his body, then pausing at the base of his penis before making its 
final rush.  Despite the cloth, she could make out the tube of 
his urethra and her eyes traveled up the vertical length of his 
cock as she thought of the fraction of a second his semen was 
going to take spurting up those eight inches as he ejaculated.  
She could make out the clefted underside of his cockhead and 
remembered how it felt scraping her quivering cunt.  Vic was 
obviously thinking the same thoughts for the blue cloth at the 
tip of his pole was stained dark by the sex-fluids he was already 
seeping.  More of the thick, transparent syrup welled through the 
cloth as she watched.

"Sexy," she breathed, and made a circuit on her knees around 
her brother, taking in his form.

The briefs were, indeed, entirely fishnet except for the 
modest strip encasing his penis and balls.  The rest of him was 
visible through the open weave of the netting, a tactic that 
served only to enhance his near-nudity.  When Becky reached Vic's 
backside, she studied for a moment her brother's ass, the same 
ass she had looked at so longingly just two nights before.  She 
could never have dreamed, then, that they would be so enticingly 
close.  Becky took advantage of the closeness and filled a hand 
with one of his ass cheeks.  The warm flesh quivered in her palm 
as Vic shuddered under his sister's touch.

Becky completed her tour and returned to the front of Vic.  
The wet spot at his cock tip was bigger than ever; a circle more 
than two inches in diameter was stained dark.  Becky was suddenly 
overcome.

"I can't wait any more," she cried, and vigorously tugged 
down at the top of the insubstantial underwear.

"No!  Wait!  Hey!  Ow!" Vic exclaimed as the elastic 
waistband inevitably caught at the base of his cock, forcing it 
downward as Becky yanked.

He backed hastily out of his sister's reach and stood there 
a moment.  His tool was entangled in the briefs and forced 
horizontal.  It stuck out rigidly and he bent forward at the 
waist to reduce the discomfort.  Rearranging things back to 
normal he said, "Let me show you how to unpeel a hard-on."

"I'm sorry," Becky said meekly.
"'s O.K.," Vic replied and got within range again.  "How were you 
supposed to know?  Here: Push my dick flat against my belly."  
Becky did so and he continued.

"Now, pull down on the front until the head's exposed . . . 
Now you can let go and yank."

Becky obeyed, tugging Vic's last garment down to his knees 
and watched in admiration as her brother's stiffened sexual 
apparatus sprang out into the open and settled down to a forty-
five degree salute before her eyes.  She clapped once gleefully, 
like a little girl.  Vic restored his underwear to its original 
position and went on.

"If the flying phallus is too startling," he said, "you can 
also do it the sexy way.  Reach inside and grasp my cock."

Becky pulled the briefs open with one hand and reached in to 
fill her hand with Vic's penis.  As she closed on the warm and 
rigid man-meat, it pulsed in her hand and more pre-coital fluids 
emerged to lubricate her palm where it enclosed his nut.  She 
slowly jacked her hand up and down his penile shaft.

"Na--now peel the shorts da--down," Vic continued, plainly 
distracted.

She again exposed her brother's cock.  The few gentle 
strokes she had given it had made it redder, larger, and harder 
than before.  She dropped the weightless briefs unnoticed to the 
floor and studied the cock that had deflowered her scarcely 
twenty-four hours before.  Becky found it amazing that such a 
huge, gristly piece of stiff flesh could have pierced her 
virginal hole without splitting her in two.  She remembered how 
it had pulsated against the walls of her pussy as it spat its 
load of thick jism into her body.

As if it could read her mind, Vic's penis suddenly twitched 
and exuded another drop of pre-coital fluid.  The clear liquid 
beaded up at the eye in his penis, magnifying the tiny slit it 
had just emerged from.  As if hypnotized, Becky approached the 
transparent gem on the end of her brother's cock.  Vic watched 
breathless as she drew nearer.

Becky suddenly flicked her tongue to collect the droplet.  
Vic's cock quivered and his knees nearly buckled as the touch his 
sister's tongue sent sparks flying down his penis, up his spine, 
and into his brain.

Becky analyzed the tiny sample in her mouth.  It felt thick 
and tasted a bit salty.  Yet there was something more.  Vic 
himself, she supposed.  She went back for another sample.  Her 
brother's cock head filled her mouth and felt warm and velvety.  
She sucked hard and was rewarded as a larger sample of sex-fluid 
was drawn out.

"Yep," she thought to herself.  "It's Vic, alright.  The 
stuff tasted like he smelled after sweating, but before he got 
all stinky.

Vic had watched as Becky engulfed the head of his prick.  
The sight of his sister sucking his cock was nearly enough to 
send him over the edge to orgasm and she got several more samples 
as he struggled to keep his pulsing penis under control.

"Oh, stop, Sis, stop!" he implored and she immediately 
turned him loose.  "I don't want to cum yet," he said, "Not 'till 
we've fucked."

"That was neat!" Becky exclaimed.  "People should do it!"  
She had somehow missed hearing about oral sex.

"Um, people do all the time," replied Vic, perplexed at this 
sudden hole in his sister's sexual knowledge.

"Oh."

Sensing her embarrassment he quickly went on.

"Hey, a virgin isn't supposed to know everything.  Here, let 
me show you how its done the other way."

He helped her to her feet and over to the bed where she sat, 
her ass just on the edge.  He laid her flat with her feet still 
on the floor, knees still together.  Vic then knelt in front of 
his sister's knees and slowly drew them apart.  Becky felt a 
thrill go through her as she thought of how her most private 
areas were being displayed to her brother.

Vic thrilled, too, as Becky's genitalia unveiled themselves 
one step at a time.  Once again, her meaty, hairless labia majora 
kept closed as if guarding their little sisters and the chamber 
of delights they flanked.  As he continued to widen the distance 
between her thighs, though, they suddenly gave up and parted to 
reveal all at once the thin, wrinkled pinkness of her labia 
minora on either side and the fleshy clitoral sheath, in the same 
shade of pink, at the top.  Becky's love button had not yet come 
out to play but Vic, by the way the end of the hood gaped open 
slightly, knew it was lurking just out of sight, waiting to be 
coaxed.

Vic leaned forward, stuck out his tongue, and touched it to 
the hollow end of that sheath.  He paused as he felt Becky twitch 
slightly at the unfamiliar feeling of an oral organ on her sexual 
one.  Then he pushed his lingual digit in until he found the 
convex stiffness of his sister's clit.  She jumped again as he 
massaged the sensitive button and he felt it swell and surge 
forward as if eager to receive his caresses.  When her clitoris 
stopped growing, he used his lips to push back its protective 
hood and sucked powerfully to draw it deeply into his mouth.

Becky gnawed the heel of her palm to keep from screaming 
with delight as she felt her brother simultaneously suckle her 
electrified joy buzzer and swirl his tongue around its sensitized 
head.  He was even nibbling--ever so lightly--on the hardened 
shaft just behind.  The powerfully erotic sensations he was 
eliciting made her powerless--she would have agreed, at that 
moment, to anything her brother proposed.  She could feel her 
love lubricants forming deep within her vagina.  When her brother 
started jacking up and down the length of her clit with his lips 
while vigorously attacking the tingling tip, she almost 
immediately climaxed.  She went rigid and grabbed the back of his 
head to ruffle his hair as the waves of pleasure washed over her 
once again.  Vic paid no attention but kept on suckling, keeping 
her orgasm going as long as possible before the inevitable 
relaxation.

When he at last felt his cheek muscles getting tired and his 
pursed lips stiffen, Vic relinquished his grip on Becky's sexual 
center and drew back to admire his work.  The engorged organ 
stood out a good half-inch like a midget penis until the 
enclosing sheath crept down to its normal position to hide all 
but the tip, which pulsed visibly.

"That was lesson number one," he said.

"There's more?  God, how could I stand it?" his sister asked 
in wonder.

"Oh, I just started out with a--if you'll pardon the 
expression--bang," he explained.  "Next I'll lap your cunt.  It 
feels very different, I'm told, but not nearly so powerful."

He leaned forward again and regarded his sister's pussy  
gaping open before him.  Her inner lips were definitely damper 
than a minute ago, but their ruffled, complex folds made it 
difficult to discern exactly where the entrance to her vagina 
was.  He reached up and put one palm firmly on the hair covered 
bulge of her mons veneris and pushed rhythmically a few times on 
it to get her back in the mood.  He then put both his index 
fingers on her love mound, at the top of her sexual cleft.  Ever 
so slowly he moved them down, deeper between her thighs.  They 
parted on either side of the clitoral ridge and wound up gliding 
on downward between her inner and outer cuntlips.  Becky's thighs 
quivered uncontrollably as they slid through the slickened flesh. 
 
Vic paid no attention, but stopped when his fingers were at 
the point where her outer lips gaped the widest, then reached in 
with his thumbs to grasp the thin inner lips gently between them 
and his forefingers.  As gently as dissecting a flower he teased 
the damp folds outward and apart, stretching the pliant lips 
until they, too, parted with a faintly wet sound to reveal the 
closed vestibule of her vaginal entrance.  That loose, red slit, 
so recently broached by his penis, spasmed slightly as he watched 
and exuded a thick dollop of Becky's own lubricant.  The musky 
scent of it wafted into his nostrils.

Vic suddenly collected the slick woman-stuff on his tongue 
and savored the salty tang of it.  Eagerly he went back for more. 
 He rasped with his tongue the innermost folds of his sister's 
vulva.  He probed deeply into the gushing well of her canal and 
drank in the ocean-like vital fluids he tapped there.  He swirled 
his head around, flicking his tongue around the whole area, clit, 
lips, vulva, and all.  Becky could feel the sexual arousal within 
her rising again and, when he speared deep into her pussy again, 
she had a second climax.

"Vic was right," a small part of her mind analyzed somewhat 
brokenly in the throes of orgasm. "This one is gentler yet 
different than the clitoral climax a few minutes ago."

Vic could plainly feel his sister cum.  Her box pulsated 
against his plunging tongue in a vain attempt to hold the 
slippery intruder within her, and the savor of her juices 
suddenly tripled as more gushed out from within her.  He eagerly 
drank down this eau de Becky as she relaxed a second time.

"That was lesson number two," he said somewhat stiffly.  His 
tongue was tired.

"Is there another lesson?" she asked, wondering what it 
would be.

Vic hesitated.  What came into his mind he had never done 
before with anyone.  It just hadn't come up.

"What the hell," he decided.  "She gave you her cherry . . . 
You owe her one!"  He cleared his throat.

"The next lesson is . . . analingus."

With that he rolled Becky over so that her hips were bent at 
the edge of the bed with her knees on the floor.  He put his 
hands on the round, resilient spheres of her ass cheeks and 
spread them apart.  Becky obediently spread her knees, displaying 
the entire nether region between her thighs including, for the 
first time, the puckered brown orifice between her ass cheeks.  
The wet gash of her vagina was just visible below it and Vic bent 
his head low to lap another helping of sex-fluid from his 
sister's cunt.  He then massaged the taut perineum just above 
with his tongue, wetting the entire crease copiously with his 
saliva.

Ever so slowly, almost teasingly, he approached her asshole 
until he went around it a couple times, an inch from  the closed 
sphincter.  Then, continuing the circles, he suddenly closed the 
distance and rimmed the muscular ridges of his sister's anus.  
the taste was very faintly acrid, yet Beckyish, like her cunt 
juices.  It wasn't nearly as bad as he had feared.

Becky, for her part, was quite startled by the wet, muscular 
probings of her anal orifice--quite unlike anything she had felt 
there before.  The feeling was compounded when he stopped 
swirling and probed the center of her back channel.

"Oh!" she exclaimed with a start, then tried to relax.

Vic felt her sphincter loosen as Becky got into his lingual 
treatment.  He spread the quivering globes of her ass farther 
apart and probed deeper.  It felt like he must be an inch up his 
sister's ass with his tongue, though it couldn't really be that 
deep.  He closed his lips around the area and started sucking 
again.  The muscular ring of resistance slipped another fraction 
up his tongue and Becky started moaning with passion.  To her it 
felt as if her brother was trying to draw her innards out her 
ass, but it was highly erotic, just the same.

Feeling as though his tongue was about to drop off, Vic 
finally broke his hold and drew back to regard the scene before 
him.  Becky was panting excitedly and pumping her ass up and down 
with a faint sexual motion.  The red inner lining of her asshole 
was visible as it winked at him.  Wasting no time, he wet a 
finger in his mouth a moment, then screwed it full length up his 
sister's ass with a twisting motion.  Becky gave a shuddering 
gasp as she was impaled, then started pumping her ass harder than 
ever.  Vic plunged his digit in and out of her hot, tight rectum 
as if he were fucking her with a slender prick.

Becky fucked right back and reached back to caress his hand 
as he plunged into her nether channel.

"Oh Vic!  It's so good--So good!" she reported in gasps, 
then, "Oh!  I'm there!  I'm cumming--I'm cummminggg!!!"

She screamed into the pillow in front of her as her third 
orgasm took her.  Vic could feel the firm squeezings she gave his 
penetrating digit and kept ramming it into her anus.  Finally she 
relaxed again and he pulled it out of her with a slight sucking 
sound.

He climbed up on the bed and lay on his side next to Becky. 
 He had been fully aroused by his sister's three climaxes and his 
erect cock poked stiffly into her side.  Feeling the stiff man-
meat, Becky rolled to face Vic and grabbed his prick to place it 
between their bodies.  She undulated against her brother and felt 
his penis slide up and down, between pubis and navel.

"Ummmmm, it feels so warm and hard,"she said suggestively.  
"I want to feel you in me again."

"O.K." said Vic in a matter-of-fact voice, and put his arms 
around her only to roll back so that she lay full length on him.

"You're on top, though.  This time you fuck me!"

Surprised, Becky lay still a moment, then grinned as she 
drew her legs up to wind up crouching on her brother, knees on 
either side of his chest.  She raised up off his body and peered 
down between her dangling breasts.  Vic's cock was completely 
erect and so rigid that it no longer lay on his belly but, 
instead, was raised off of it as if searching for her pussy.  The 
one-eyed snake it bobbed up and down as he waited for her next 
move.

Becky sat fully upright and slid a few inched backwards, 
carefully picking the right height so that her gaping pussy lips 
anointed her brother's shaft as they passed over it.  When the 
underside of his penis, wet with her personal lubricant, appeared 
between her thighs, she rise up higher, grabbed the pulsing tool, 
and raised it more or less vertically.  Holding her breath, she 
positioned the purple cock head at the dripping entrance of her 
honeypot, then deliberately relaxed her thighs and impaled 
herself on her brother.

His penile shaft easily parted the clinging walls of her 
love canal to slide deeply into her.  She gave a shuddering sigh 
of relief, a sigh that was echoed by Vic, as the now-familiar 
full feeling in her cunt returned.  She was beginning to feel 
incomplete without being stuffed by a man's cock.  Becky looked 
down at where their genitals joined and noticed, like her 
brother, that their intermingled pubic hair was identical in 
color.

"God!  It feels good to have you in me!" she exclaimed.

"I'm finding the feeling pretty addictive myself," replied 
Vic.  "Start humping; I need to cum."

Becky raised up to expose a few inches of Vic's cock, shiny 
with her juices, then relaxed to let it slide back in.  She 
slowly repeated the actions, then ever so slowly, began to 
accelerate.  Each time the blunt cock head drove into her was 
like the first time.  It thrilled her to know that she was now in 
charge.  She was in control of how fast and how deep the knobbed 
invader penetrated her body.  She liked the feeling of being in 
command.

Vic, for his part, was fascinated by the sight of his 
sister's bobbing breasts.  With each stroke, the gorgeous pair of 
pendulous boobs before his eyes gyrated and rippled sexily.  He 
reached out with both hands and began to play with the soft, 
pliant girlflesh.  He gathered a handful in both hands and held 
the warm tits still, so that her humping disturbed only their 
roots.  He held his palms flat so that her bullet-like nipples 
rubbed them as they were yanked up and down.  He grabbed her 
nipples between thumb and forefinger so that only they were held 
still and Becky's beautiful breasts oscillated about their tips.

All these ministrations redoubled Becky's pleasure as she 
bounced up and down on her brother's pole.  She started moaning 
and cupped her tits as she leaned forward.  Vic took the hint and 
latched onto one nipple with his mouth.  He suckled the 
protuberant erotic flesh in time with her thrusts.  The electric 
feeling from her tit met the charge coming up from her cunt and 
they both continued upward to flood her brain.

Becky pulled back to break Vic's sucking grip, leaned 
forward, and looked down again at where she was pounding his 
loins with a near-wild frenzy.  Her pussy-juice, whipped into a 
foam, had collected at the base of his rigid shaft and more was 
being added with each thrust.

"Oh, Becky!  Oh Becky!" he started to murmur, and caressed 
the back of her head.  He was on the verge of cumming.

Taken with a sudden idea, Becky thrust a couple of times 
more until she could feel Vic's thighs trembling.  Just as he 
started clutching her shoulders spasmodically she gave one last, 
extra deep thrust, then raised up higher so that her brother's 
penis disengaged from her cunt.  It fell with a quivering wet 
plop against his belly for a moment, then raised up blindly.

"What are you doing?" Vic demanded.  "I was---aaahhhhh!"

She had timed it perfectly.  Vic's orgasm hit him and he 
threw his head back in a moan.  His cock quivered again and spat 
a solid stream of semen as she watched.  The hot jism caught her 
square on the face and she ducked, blinking the clinging, 
translucent fluid out of her eyes.  The pungent smell of her 
brother's seed filled her nostrils.  Vic ejaculated again with a 
little less force.  The white jet arced inches into the air and 
spattered on his chest, forming a wet puddle between his flat 
nipples.  The third and forth bolts spurt from the slit in Vic's 
penis like clockwork, each landing a little shorter on his chest 
and belly, but with all the volume of the first sample.  By the 
fifth spasm, though, Vic was beginning to run low on ammunition, 
and the thick, white cream was scarcely a quarter the volume of 
the first blasts.  His cock was beginning to diminish too, and 
the sixth and seventh pulses barely gushed out to wet his bush.  
Finally, one last charge welled out to slide down his reddened 
glans, and Vic's sexual apparatus lay in a wet, wrinkled heap in 
the matted hair of its nest.

Vic opened his eyes to see the semen dripping off his 
sister's face.  Becky grinned at him as she wiped some off her 
cheek with her finger.

"Wh--why'd you do that?" he asked.

"I've never seen a man cum before," she said.  "I've felt 
you spurting inside me and wondered what it looked like."

She regarded the jism clinging to her finger, then caught it 
on her tongue.  It was as salty but even more flavorful than the 
pre-coital fluid she had tasted a few minutes before.

"Mmmmm, good," she said teasingly.  "But I never realized 
before how much you contained.

Vic looked down at the puddles of his own cum adorning his 
front.  They were beginning to run as they cooled.

"Contained is right," he said.  "Go get a towel or 
something.  I can't move or I'll drip all over the place."

"I've got something more fun than a towel," Becky replied 
and started licking up the mess.

She climbed off her brother and knelt next to his supine 
body.  Bending down she started at the pool highest up on his 
chest, pursing her lips to draw the salty cum-fluid into her 
mouth, then licking the area until she tasted just skin.  She 
then moved down to the next puddle, then the next, then the next 
until she had reached Vic's pubic patch.

Becky drew some of the matted sex fur in and washed it clean 
with her tongue and saliva.  For the first time, she could taste 
the tang of her own juices that had leaked out when they had 
coupled.  She slowly washed all of Vic's bush, scrupulously 
avoiding his cock; she was saving that for last.  Vic lay silent 
during her ministrations, but caressed the back of her head and 
neck while she worked.

When she was done, Becky again straddled her brother, but 
backwards so that she faced his crotch.  His sex organ lay in 
soft, curled repose, the dried love juices forming a visible 
crust on the textured skin.  Even his scrotum, dangling from the 
root of his cock, was coated with the evidence of their fucking. 
 Meanwhile Vic was getting an eyeful of his sister's whole sexual 
apparatus--everything from her hair-covered love mound in the 
front to her intriguing, puckered anus in the valley between her 
round ass cheeks in the back.

Becky leaned forward and took the whole soft mass of her 
brother's penis into her mouth.  Her tang was very strong now, 
and there was no taste of his jism since his prick had not been 
anointed with its own ejaculation this time.  She closed her lips 
at the base of the male appendage and sucked mightily.  Vic's 
cock responded instantly and started to lengthen.  Becky slid her 
mouth up and down the length of her brother's rod and each time 
she reached its' base, his glans pushed farther down her throat. 
 Finally, it poked deeply and she choked.  After that she took 
only what would fit into her mouth and covered less and less of 
the total length with each stroke.

Vic's penis stopped lengthening and started growing more 
rigid.  Becky could feel her jaws forced farther apart as the 
thick shaft of her brother's tool finished its erection.  When he 
started squirming under her, she stopped suckling and turned her 
attention to the other half of his genitals.

Becky urged Vic's knees up to his chest and apart so she 
could gain access to all of his loins.  His hairy ballbag hung 
slackly from the root of his wet, turgid cock.  The rounded mass 
of the two balls within dragged their double-lobed pouch down so 
that it almost hid his asshole from her view.

Becky ran her tongue down one side of the wrinkled jewel 
purse, across the base, and up the other.  She could feel Vic's 
balls shift as they responded to her tongue's touch.  She then 
lavaged her brother's entire scrotum, darting her tongue around 
to lick the entire area, and drawing one ball at a time into her 
mouth to suck on it gently.  Becky finished off by licking deep 
between his ass cheeks until she reached his anus.  She copied 
his treatment of her there, circling his puckered asshole then 
probing it deeply with her tongue.  Vic groaned with pleasure as 
she penetrated him.  When her tongue tired, she stopped and gazed 
down at her brother again.

Breathing heavily, he was fully aroused.  His cock bounded 
slightly in the air and was seeping again from the piss-slit in 
the reddened nut.  His balls had retracted slightly so his 
scrotum was a firm, round mass between his thighs.

"Now for the next lesson," Becky said.  "How to eat a man.  
Tell me what to do."

"Well," her brother replied, "the head is the most 
sensitive.  You can't go wrong putting most of your attention 
there."

Becky complied by popping her brother's cockhead into her 
mouth and sucking busily.  The heated flesh was softer than the 
firm rod it capped and she loved its texture under her tongue as 
she caressed it.  After a couple of trips around, Becky probed 
the eye of her brother's penis, stretching the tiny orifice and 
probing the exquisitely sensitive tissues of his meatus.

"Ah . . . yes," he managed to say.  "Ru--run your tongue 
around the rim--that's it!  Now play with the cleft on the 
underside.  Oh, God, yes!  Na--now pump up and down so it's like 
I'm fucking your mou--Yess!  Tha--that's it except for licking 
the shaft and plu--playing with my balls . . . Nonng, nonng!"

That plainly was all Vic was going to be able to say so 
Becky started rotating among the various techniques he had just 
told her.  She suddenly felt him licking her own box as he 
reciprocated and they started a 69-contest to see who could bring 
the other to a climax first.

Becky grasped her brother's cock at the base and rimmed the 
flange of his nut furiously.  Suddenly, she felt his balls under 
her hand pop into his groin as his orgasm approached; she had 
never realized that they did that.  She stopped a moment to look 
at the odd sight of Vic's wet penis and the empty sac at its 
root, then quickly plunged the turgid sex organ into her mouth to 
drive him over the brink.  The spongy flesh of his glans touched 
the back of her throat with each stroke as she took as much of 
him as she could between her aching jaws.

Becky felt her brother's cock pulse and got the first taste 
of cum fresh from his penis.  It then started twitching in 
earnest as he spewed into her mouth.  Becky desperately swallowed 
the thick, hot semen as he arched his hips to spurt his seed into 
her.  Unable to keep up, she let a creamy white rivulet stream 
down his rigid shaft.  The jets diminished in force and quantity 
as his climax ended.  Becky sucked the last few drops out of 
Vic's cock, then finally turned it loose and swallowed the last 
mouthful of his jism.

Instantly, Vic latched onto her clit.  Drawing the erect 
female organ from its sheath, he suckled powerfully and tapped 
its head with his tongue.  He even penetrated the first bit of 
her vulva with his nose.  In seconds, Becky achieved her own 
climax.  She gasped as once again the waves of her orgasm 
engulfed her.  As they subsided, she crawled off her brother to 
lay beside him, and they caressed each other as they relaxed.
 

 
 
