It is well after dark when Arthur returns to the longhouse, with Kai leaning heavily on his shoulder, mute and exhausted. For politeness' sake, Arthur joins their Cornish visitors around the table, and tells them of Roland's funeral pyre in as few words as may be. Mark is oddly quiet, as he has been all evening; his killing of the Saxon seems to have sobered him. Kai stumbles away to bed without speaking to anyone.

As they break their fast around the high table the next morning, Kai is absent. No-one there remarks on it; but Mark speaks quietly to Arthur, who nods and points in the direction of the west hill.

'I have something here that belongs to you.'
Kai swings round, startled; lost in his own thoughts, gazing out across the landscape from the vantage point on the slope, he hadn't heard Mark's approaching footsteps.
'I took this from Pethig last night. I didn't think it right that he should keep it.'
Mark speaks in a subdued and surprisingly uncertain tone; he is holding the silver Saxon medallion in his big hand. 'It's little enough, I know, after the loss I caused you. But it's yours, if you want it back.'
Kai can't meet the big warrior's eyes, but he nods and mutters gruffly, 'Thank you.'
He holds out a hand; but Mark steps closer to him. 'I had your smith mend the chain.' He reaches out and puts the chain gently around Kai's neck. 
'I have more to give you besides, if you wish.' His voice is very quiet; his big hand lingers a little too long on Kai's shoulder. 'I could help you...'
Kai can't quite believe what he's hearing, but when he dares to look up there is no mistaking the desire in Mark's eyes. He backs away, out of reach. 
'I know. It's too early yet. But perhaps when your grief is less fresh, you and I could talk... we could help each other...'
'No.' Kai forces the word between clenched teeth.

There is an awkward silence; then Mark says, with uncharacteristic mildness, 'As you wish.'

Kai heaves a sigh of relief as he watches Mark stride away down the hill again.

He would be less relieved if he could see the simmering anger in Mark's face as he goes.

An hour or so later, Kai has also made his way back to the village and is sticking close by Arthur's side, giving Mark no chance of finding him alone again. The Cornish party are preparing to leave, and there is much bustling and shouting before their horses are saddled, their gear is packed, the last missing cloak has been found, and all but their leader are mounted and ready to ride.

Arthur, Llud and Kai come out to the yard to bid them farewell. Arthur is holding the big two-handled mead cup, a traditional courtesy offered to arriving and departing guests.

'You will drink a last draught with us before you go?'

He takes a token sip from the cup and hands it to Mark, who half-drains it at a gulp, then tips his head back with a raucous laugh before handing it up to be passed around his mounted followers.

Then Mark holds up a hand for silence.

'I thank you for your hospitality, Arthur. And I have something to say before I go. To our friend Kai, here.'

Arthur glances sharply at Kai, who feels a tightening in the pit of his stomach, as he does before a battle that he knows will be hard-fought. He wonders what is coming.

But Mark is smiling affably.

'Two things I would give to you, Kai. One, my apology for the killing of your Saxon friend. I could not have known; and you should have spoken of it, to Arthur if not to me; but still I am sorry to have caused you such a loss.'

Everyone is looking at Kai. He wishes the ground would swallow him up, but somehow he manages to bow his head and murmur something polite.

'And two: I would make some reparation to you. This belonged to my late commander, Agdor, killed by that same Saxon. It is now yours.'

There is a murmur from the crowd as a man comes to Mark's side, leading a horse.

And what a horse. Tall, glossy, black as the night and in prime fettle; a battle stallion to excite any warrior's heart. His rich harness gleams; his ears are alert and his red nostrils flaring.

Llud's mouth falls open, and Kai hears Arthur give a gasp of astonishment.

For just a moment, Kai is tempted; he imagines what it would be like to gallop into battle at Arthur's side, or race him across the hills, on such a mount.

But he knows what he has to do.

He steps forward.

'I thank you, Mark. This is truly a generous gift. But I have no need of a horse. I am sure there are warriors among your own people who can put him to good use; but for myself, I must decline.'

There is a stunned silence.

'Your other gift, however, I will accept, and gladly. An apology from Mark of Cornwall; now, that is a rare thing indeed. One that few men have ever received. I am honoured by it. '

He holds out a hand.

For a moment, he is afraid that Mark may strike him; but then Mark recalls the watching Celts and forces himself to smile.

'Very well. As you wish.'

He clasps Kai's hand briefly, says his farewells to Llud and to Arthur, and at last he mounts his horse and turns to muster his men on their way.

Kai has no time to feel relieved; Arthur seizes him roughly by the shoulder as soon as the Cornishmen are out of earshot.

'What on earth were you thinking of? Spurning a gift from Mark of Cornwall? In front of the whole village, too.'

He is furious.

'I had no need of Mark's gift,' Kai says, trying to keep his voice from shaking. 'Nor do I wish to be indebted to him.'

'You refused a horse? For the sake of your pride?'

Kai says stubbornly, 'I have no need of one.'

'There are many others here who do.' Arthur is angrier than he needs to be. 'A man on a horse is worth ten on foot. Horses are more use to us than gold. And to turn one down when it is offered - a Cornish cavalry stallion, too -'

'I tell you, I had no need of it.'

'And what of our treaties with Cornwall? Do you not realise the risk to us all if you insult Mark? Did you learn nothing from what happened yesterday?'
Kai is cut to the heart by his leader's disapproval, but can't tell him the real reason he refused Mark's gift.

Any more than Arthur can tell him the real reason behind his anger.

'Leave me alone.'

And Kai storms off down the track that leads to the forest.

Arthur watches him go, with a very thoughtful and worried expression on his face.

Arthur is not the only one who watches Kai leave the village; Mark notes out of the corner of his eye which way that flash of blond hair is heading. As soon as his party is out of sight of the village he gives a curt order to Pethig to lead the men on homewards, and doubles back to follow Kai to his refuge. This time he is in no mood to be gentle. He has been insulted, and spurned. And he knows that Kai left the village without even stopping to pick up so much as a dagger.

Kai is sitting on a fallen tree trunk in the deep forest clearing that is one of his favourite refuges when he needs to be alone. Or when he has a girl he wants to keep to himself for a while. His blond head is bowed to his knees, but he's too exhausted for tears. His head is pounding. He has lost his childhood friend, caused pain to Llud, made an enemy of Mark, and worst of all, angered Arthur, and perhaps hurt him too… He can't get Arthur's reproaches out of his mind.

Once again he doesn't hear the approaching heavy tread until it is too late.

Suddenly he is grabbed by his right arm and hauled to his feet.

'I have another gift for you,' a familiar voice says, in a tone of menacing sweetness. 'And this time you're going to take it.'

'Leave me alone,' Kai snarls. 'You have nothing that I want.'

It is empty bravado, and he knows it.

'You don't fool me,' Mark sneers. 'All that chasing after girls – it's because they don't satisfy you, do they? No girl can give you what you need.'

He grips Kai's arm tighter, twists it up painfully behind his back. Kai feels hot breath against his ear.

'But I can.' Mark is drunk, and dangerous.

'What you need is a MAN. Don't deny it. You know it's true.'

Kai can't deny it. And it is true. But the man he needs is not this one…

He may not have a choice, though.

Mark seizes him roughly by both shoulders and slams him against a tree. His big body smells of sweat, horses, leather. Kai struggles, but he knows it's futile; he fought this man only yesterday and is painfully aware of the frightening strength at Mark's disposal.

'Let me give you what you need.' Mark's breath is a sickening blast of stale mead; his wiry beard scratches against Kai's face.

'No –' Kai turns away, but to no avail; Mark's iron-hard hand forces his head round again.
'Then I will take what I need.' Furious now, Mark leans in closer and covers Kai's mouth with his own, hungrily and violently, drawing blood.

A stifled cry of protest is ripped from Kai's throat as he feels Mark thrust in his tongue, almost choking him. The Cornish leader's muscular bulk is crushing him until he can hardly breathe. A big hand gropes down his belly, invades his groin, slides around to molest his rear, fumbling and squeezing in a clumsy attempt to arouse him. His mouth is released; but to his disgust, he feels Mark's hips move against his, the unmistakable hot swelling hardness pressing against him, grinding into him, defiling him. He is suddenly, terribly afraid of what may follow.

He can bear the pain, and the humiliation; but he cannot stand to think of Arthur's face when he finds out.

The panting, stinking breaths on his face grow faster and deeper, the pressure on his body more unbearable, until suddenly Mark curses explosively, and arches his back. Even though he knows this may be his deliverance, Kai is still appalled; the other man is coming, uncontrollably and violently, and pressed closely against him as he is, Kai cannot help but feel every jerk and shudder of it, and the spreading dampness seeping through his clothing. He stays as still as he can, fighting the urge to cry out.

Mark is finally spent, and draws back a little. He keeps his hands on Kai's shoulders, but Kai can breathe again. There is a silence, and Kai dares to open his eyes.

What he sees surprises him.

Mark's head is drooping; his anger and passion seem to have spent themselves along with his seed. He looks tired and ashamed, just as he did yesterday when he killed the Saxon; and suddenly Kai is not afraid of him any more.
'That's enough,' Kai says, just as he did yesterday. 
'Please - ' Mark asks hoarsely. 
'No.' Kai looks him directly in the eyes. 'It's over. I swear to tell no-one. Just - go.' 
Mark backs away, but Kai stays leaning against the tree for support; he is afraid that if he moves, he may fall. The worst danger may have passed, but still he cannot afford to show weakness.

'Come with me.' Mark makes a final plea, although it shows in his eyes that he knows in his heart it is hopeless.

'Never.'

Mark's voice is low and cold. 'You don't want to make an enemy of me.'

'I don't want to make anything else of you, either.'

'I should kill you here and now.'

'You won't, though.' Kai looks at him steadily.

'Oh? And why not?'

'Because I understand you too well. I know how it feels to want, and be denied.' Kai can't keep the sadness out of his voice. He never thought he'd feel sorry for this man; but he looks at him now with compassion, and sees comprehension dawning on Mark's face. 'And now you know my sorrow, as I know yours. I give you my word; I will not betray you.'

Mark's eyes are downcast. He looks utterly beaten and ashamed.

'Nor I you,' he mutters at last, holding out a reluctant hand.

Kai cannot bring himself to take it.

Mark strides out of the clearing without looking at him again. Kai hears him swearing at his horse, and then the heavy hoofbeats pounding away into the distance.

Kai finds that he is shuddering from head to foot with relief and shock. The acrid smell of Mark's sweat is still in his nostrils; he feels violated, ashamed, and unclean. His skin burns where Mark's hands touched him, and there is the taste of blood and stale mead in his mouth. A sudden wave of nausea washes over him, and he has to lean against the chilly, rough bark of the tree and vomit, retching painfully again and again as though his body is trying to rid itself of some foul poison. He sinks to his knees, still heaving.

'Kai.'

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Arthur is kneeling beside him.

Kai groans. 'Leave me alone.' He can't face Arthur, not after what's just happened. He can't -

Another spasm grips him, and he doubles over in helpless misery. Tears run down his face, and he can do nothing to stop them.

'Not this time.' Arthur's voice is gentle, but brooks no argument. His hand on Kai's burning forehead is strong and cool. When the worst is over, he helps Kai to sit up, brings him water, takes off his own cloak and wraps it around his friend's shoulders.

It is some while before Kai can raise his head to say hoarsely, 'Thank you... How did you know I was here?'

'I saw which way you went out of the village. And I saw the look on your face. So I came to look for you, to say I was sorry, and then I saw Mark galloping off down the track as though seven devils were after him. I couldn't get here fast enough. I was afraid you'd had another fight and he'd killed you.'

'We had - an argument,' Kai mutters. 'But it's over. I – I gave him my word not to speak of it.'

Arthur looks at him sharply. 'Did he hurt you?'

'No.' But Kai knows that his cheekbone is bruised and his mouth is bleeding, and Arthur can see it; knows that there will be marks on his back and wrists and shoulders from today's rough handling, and that when they strip for bed in the longhouse tonight, Arthur will see those too.

Arthur sucks in a harsh breath. 'I have no right to ask. But it would be a kindness if you would tell me. I have to know the truth of it, Kai. Are you and Mark... did he...'
'No.'

Arthur speaks slowly, almost to himself, working it out, as Kai is half-hoping, half-fearing he will. 'This morning… he said he was going to return the medallion to you… and he came back with a long face, and you came back afraid to be anywhere that I was not… did he try to give you something else along with it? And then he tried to win you in public with an extravagant gift he thought you wouldn't be able to refuse. And I gave you such a hard time for refusing it. I'm sorry. I didn't understand why…'

'It doesn't matter.'

'Yes, it does, Kai. I was wrong to be so hard on you. I drove you away, left you unprotected for Mark to try to win you over again. He might have killed you, or – or worse.'

'Worse? How could it be worse?'

Arthur looks away and says in a low, taut voice, 'He might have succeeded.'

Kai can't quite dare to believe he's heard aright; but then Arthur turns back to him and he sees the tears in Arthur's eyes, and he knows.

'He would never have succeeded.' His own voice sounds strange in his ears. He reaches out, cautiously, to lay a hand on Arthur's arm. 'I would never have given him what he wanted.'

'Never?' Arthur whispers.

Kai shakes his head, and smiles into Arthur's anxious eyes.

'Not to him, no. But to you, I would.'

They sit in the clearing together for a long time before they go back to the village.