That night everything took a turn for the worst or maybe a little bit better. I was sitting in the bedroom on the bed flipping through channels, bored out of my mind. Being kept hostage is the most boring thing ever. Well, in my opinion. I wasn't gonna be bored for much longer, though.

My attention was stolen away from the tv when I heard the door knob rattle. I looked that way instantly and the door opened. Of course, it was a no brainer of who was there. Drake walked in the room and threw something on the bed in front of me and then dropped a pair of boots, it looked like, on the floor next to the bed.

"Put this on and ask no questions," he told me.

Of, course he wasn't stupid enough to think I wouldn't ask questions. "What is this for?"

"I said no questions."

"I don't give a damn what you said!" I snapped. "I'm the one who's being held hostage! Not you! I at least deserve to know what the hell I'm wearing this dress for! And, those fucking hooker boots!"

Annoyed and impatient he answered, "You're accompanying me to the vampire party being held in the lobby tonight."

I couldn't hold back from laughing. "Vampire party!" I exclaimed, laughing like crazy. I don't why I was laughing, but I was. "I never thought that vampires would dress up and have a party. What do all the vampires wear fancy dresses and tuxedos?" Oh, so that's why I was laughing at the idea of a vampire party.

"Just get dressed and meet me out in the foyer," he said, turning and walking out of the room. Before he went out, though, he stopped and turned back to me. "You better be on your best behavior tonight. Otherwise the consequences will be hugely painful," he threatened before turning back around and retreating out of the room, closing the door behind him.

I grabbed the alarm clock from the nightstand and pulled it out of the wall, throwing at the door. What? It's a lot better than putting a hole in the wall and breaking more of my fingers. Wouldn't you agree?

Standing up, I stood in front of the dress and examined it. It was a red dress. My favorite color. So, that was one plus. It looked like it would go down past my ankles when I put it on. It would cover up those hooker boots he left for me to wear. So, that was another plus. Then it had one strap only. No bra for me tonight. I'd rather not show off my bra strap. It'd make me feel easy and cheap. By no means was I easy or cheap.

Reluctantly, I grabbed the dress, shoes, and a clean pair of panties and went into the bathroom to shower and get ready. I prayed to god that I'd run into Rachel, Eric, Sookie, and Bill down there. At least I'd feel a little less out of place. All I'd be without them there is a piece of fucking eye candy for Drake. That jackass. I couldn't wait to see him burn in hell.

After taking a quick shower...there was no possible way that I could take a relaxing one because me even being relaxed wasn't possible right now...I got dressed. When I looked at myself in the mirror. I half smiled and half frowned. Believe it or not, I actually thought I looked good in the dress. The red went so well with my skin. It even gave me room, so that my bruised up ribs, which I had bandaged up, wouldn't get squished and hurt like hell.

At a quarter to 8:00, well from what the clock on the wall read, an impatient Drake was banging at the bathroom door. "SELENA! LET'S GO! NOW!" he hissed through the door.

"I'M FUCKING COMING!" I seethed back at him before making my way to the door, unlocking, and opening it.

Drake was about to yell again, but once he saw me he took a step back. "Hmm." He looked me up and down as I watched him in disgust. "Might I say you look especially tasty tonight."

I felt throw up rise in my throat. Eww! I held up a finger, signaling for him to wait a minute before slamming the door in his face. I made it to the toilet just in time. Everything I ate in the past day, which wasn't much, came out of me and into the toilet. There was only so much I could take. I released the contents of my stomach for probably a good minute or so. Thankfully, Drake stayed outside of the bathroom and waited for me to finish.

After throwing everything in me up, I stood in front of the sink for a minute or two just looking at myself in the mirror. I was turning into a complete mess. Not a hot mess...just a plain old fucking mess. I splashed cold water on my face and rinsed my mouth out a couple of times.

About five minutes later, I went back to the door and opened it. Drake was sitting on the bed waiting for me. He looked at me angry and impatiently. Apparently, he was still attached to his human self. Drake, even when we were dating, always got a little testy whenever something would happen to make us late. As if I can control what the fuck happens and when it happens. I'm not mother nature nor am I god.

"Are you done now?" he asked, standing up.

I nodded, still to queasy and disgusted to open my mouth again.

"Good! Now let's go," he hissed, walking out of the room. "We're already fucking late as is," he muttered to himself, thinking I couldn't hear him, but I could. That's a good thing about me being somewhat of vampire nature.

I reluctantly followed behind him.

--------

We had been at the party about 20 or so minutes already when I spotted Sookie and Bill and Rachel and Eric walking into the hotel. Sookie and Bill were arm in arm and so were Rachel and Eric. They had to sell it some way. If you were a human and walked in you'd never expect that everyone here was a vampire or a fangbanger. Everyone in this place acted like the couples that you saw in the movie Titanic, one of my favorite movies of all times if I may add.

Never in my life had I been more happy to see any of them. Finally, I knew that freedom was soon to come. Maybe not tonight, but possibly tomorrow or the next day. I didn't care as long as it was as soon as possible.

Luckily, Drake was distracted with talking to some of his vampire buddies or whatever that he'd met in his couple of years of being a vampire, so he didn't notice them come in. All four of them noticed me standing there and looked at me.

They all looked a little shocked and sad. I looked way different than I did when I astral projected to Fangtasia this morning after Drake retired for the day. The reason for that, though, was that when you astral project your body stays put and your soul goes where ever you want it to, Of course, your soul isn't going to show how your body looks on the outside. Your soul only reflects what's on the inside. Therefore; when I was there they couldn't see what was really going on with me.

Sookie was wearing a long blue spaghetti strapped dress that went down to just above her ankles and open-toed glass shoes, just like the shoes that Cinderella had worn to the ball. Bill was wearing a black tuxedo with a black tie, white dress shirt, etc. You know how that goes. Rachel was wearing a reddish pink colored dress that went down past her ankles and black open-toed shoes. Then there was Eric. I was surprised at how good he looked in a tuxedo. He was just so tall. I just never expected him to ever wear or look good in a tuxedo. The tux was navy blue and he wore black, shiny dress shoes.

Eric caught my gaze and we stood staring at each other from across the room for at least a minute. Then he broke it to look me up and down. Unlike with Drake, when Eric checked me over, I actually felt special and not like some cheap whore or hooker or someone else that falls into that category.

Oh, how I wished that I were his date tonight. Come to think of it...I honestly have no idea where Eric and I stand after you know...the night in the living room. Anyways, I had no idea what we were or anything. Well, either way that's something to worry about another night. Tonight, I just had to find a way to get through it without losing what was left of my mind.

So that Drake wouldn't come looking for me, I politely interrupted his and the other vampires conversation and let him know that I was heading to the bathroom. After informing him of my about to be whereabouts, I slowly started walking away. When Rachel, Sookie, and the vampires noticed me again, I motioned my head towards the hall where the bathrooms were.

Luckily, the bathrooms were indeed on a long hall. You actually had to enter a closed door to get to the bathrooms, which were on either side of the hall that you entered when going through the doors. The hall was rather wide so the five of us all fit without being scrunched up. There was a square sitting area when you walked a little farther down the hall. The mens room was on the left side a few feet from when you walked in through the closed door and the ladies room was down a little ways, after you passed the clearing where the sitting room was, on the right side.

"God, Selena! You look horrible," Rachel was the first to speak.

I fake smiled, "Well, geez! Thanks, Rachel!"

"You know what I meant, Selena," she scolded.

I really was out of it right now. "Yeah, I know."

"I hate seeing you like this," Sookie said sadly. She shook her head, "I hate not seeing you as the girl with the "nothing scares me and I'll take on anything you throw at me" attitude."

I briefly smiled. She had a point. I missed that part of me, too. I missed that part of me way too much right about now. I felt like breaking down and crying right about now, but I didn't want to give up what sanity that I had left in me.

"We'll get you out of this," Rachel told me.

"Somehow," Sookie added.

"We promise," they both said in unison.

Both Eric and Bill just sat back quietly while the girls talked to me.

"As soon as possible," I said to them all. "I'll be honest here...I'm losing it. I am fucking losing it. I'm losing my sanity and everything that I have left in me rapidly. Yes, Drake rented out the honeymoon suite and let's me roam around it all I want. Yes, he was nice enough to buy me a change of clothes. Yep, he always gets me food to eat. Most people would consider that the best hostage, kidnapping situation ever. But, not me. It's fucking hell for me!" I poured out everything to all of them. I didn't care if they called me a nancy or a sally. I just didn't give a fig any fucking more. I spoke my truth and I spoke it well.

I could tell by the look on Eric's face and his body language that he was far from happy. Even though I knew he was angry and that what I wanted to say next would only anger him even more, I continued with what I needed and wanted to say.

"I've got two or maybe even more bruised ribs, I've got two broken fingers, which was actually my fault, but either way he's the one who caused me to do it, and I've got a bruised arm from where he grabbed me last night and forced me upstairs to the room and then into the suite."

Before I knew it, Eric had lost it. He was up and out of the chair that he was sitting in, in the blink of an eye. Oh, no! I just knew he was going to go and pick a fight with Drake. I couldn't allow that. I'd never be free again. Or even worse Eric would kill him and he'd get severely punished by the magister or king or queen or whoever. Luckily, he was moving at human speed so I possibly had the chance to catch up with him and stop him from doing something he'd regret forever.