Don't trust the who in apartment 1302.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 26 - Apartment 1302 (MF, cons, magic)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

There was a knock at the door, which was weird because visitors normally had to be buzzed up. Confused, I opened it to find an older woman with a leather-bound case and a businesslike demeanor in what appeared to be a hundred-year-old styled black dress. "Yes?" I asked.

"Kate is expecting me," the woman said as she brushed past me. She paused a moment, orienting, and then turned toward Kate's bedroom. I closed the apartment door and followed. I wasn't about to try to stop this lady...I wasn't even sure I could, depending on what she was.

She pushed open Kate's door and regarded the extremely pregnant witch laying on her bed. "Well, look at you, dear. Ready to pop, and still able to cast a missive spell. I've never seen the like." She moved to Kate's bedside.

"Hello, Ms. Tisdale," Kate greeted the woman as she grimaced in pain. After a few seconds she relaxed.

I stepped into the room. "You're having contractions?"

Ms. Tisdale looked at me. "Yes, which is why she called for a doula." She turned back to Kate. "Is this the father?" Kate nodded, beaming at me.

"Doula?" I asked.

The older woman sighed in exasperation. "Google it! Now get out." Suddenly I was shoved backward by an invisible force and the door slammed in my face.

"Well, fuck you too," I muttered before I went and googled what a doula was. Oh.

---

A couple hours passed until I heard a "whoomp" sound from Kate's room, and then a baby crying. I jumped to my feet. I hadn't even heard Kate crying out in pain! I rushed to the door and opened it to find Kate, soaked in sweat, a godawful mess on her bed, and Ms. Tisdale holding a teeny baby in her arms.

Kate was crying. I moved forward and held her.

Ms. Tisdale finished clamping the baby's umbilical cord and handed her to Kate. "Congratulations, my dear, and I'm sorry."

I looked at her. "Sorry?"

Kate pointed at the closet and took the baby from the older woman. I looked, and the portal to Kate's lab was gone.

"I lost my powers," she whimpered. "I knew it would happen, but..." She continued to cry.

"I shall take my leave of you," Ms. Tisdale said as she packed up her bag. "Our relationship and bond are now over, Kate." She gave me a pointed look. "Take care of both of them, Tom...I have high expectations for that baby." Then she was out the door.

I waited until I heard the apartment door close. "She's a major cunt, huh?"

Kate snorted. "Heh...yeah...she was my teacher way back when. You get that way when you can never have sex."

Right, because she'd lose her powers, just like Kate. "So, many witches are bitchy spinsters?"

She looked adoringly at the baby's face. "Pretty much."

We had already bought diapers and baby clothes, but skipped formula, as Kate's large boobs had already started to lactate. She brought the baby to one of them and was able to get her to latch on without trouble.

"Ooh, ha..." Kate gasped. "Feels weird..." Then she looked down at my crotch. "Enjoying the view, are you?"

I looked down. My cock was hard. "Um...huh..." I mumbled, embarrassed.

"I won't be able to do much about that for the next few weeks, mister, but when the time comes, you're gonna shove that cock all the way inside me. My virginity's gone and I'm gonna enjoy what comes next."

"Yes ma'am!"

---

Kate said that the baby's true name had already been registered with Ms. Tisdale for their coven, but it would never be revealed outside of that group. I would never know my daughter's true name! Given how crestfallen I seemed from this information, Kate allowed me to choose what the baby would be called. I bounced about through some names, but finally came up with Amy, which was the name of the comatose girl whose body Kate had taken possession of when she had to leave her old body behind. Kate nodded, satisfied.

Over the next week we established a pattern: Kate bottled some of her milk in the fridge, she would take care of Amy during the night, and would switch out with me during the day, since the baby was going to be sleeping odd hours until she got into a normal nighttime pattern.

Unfortunately, her crying took its toll on my relationship with Demie. "Aughh, this is worse than the Wailing Wall," Demie complained as she used her shapeshifting ability to remove her own ears. "Ah, much better..." She paused. "...but now I can't hear anything. Ugh..." I saw smaller ears protrude from her head so she could somewhat hear again.

"Wailing Wall?" I asked, raising my voice.

She got a faraway look. "Souls of the damned with overwhelming regrets about their lives are sewn into a grand wall of flesh, where they wail for eternity. Horrible din. Still better than this!" She yelled that last part down the hall toward Kate's room.

Demie started spending more time out of the apartment. I didn't know what she did on her own, and didn't feel that I had the right to ask. Maybe I didn't really want to know.

Monday came over with his Nintendo Switch and we played some Mario Kart. He owned the game so he routinely kicked my ass, but it was good to see him again.

Demie had finally found information about harpy families, but it wasn't promising. The mother would go off and raise the child herself, and while human-harpy children were rare, the offspring were always harpies. Monday might never see his lover again, or his child ever. He took it pretty well.

"I kinda knew there was a chance she wouldn't come back, but I always hoped, y'know?" He was packing up the Switch at this point.

I nodded. "You never know, right?"

"Yeah, Tommy...you never know." He gave me a half-hearted grin.

---

As Monday left Tom's place, the door to apartment 1302 opened up as he passed. "Mon-day?"

He turned and stared at the harpy Hepzibah standing there in her human form. "Zee?!"

She opened her arms as he rushed to her. She pulled him into her apartment and the door closed behind them.

That night, a slim female form left apartment 1302 carrying a large rolled-up rug over her shoulder. When she came back about a half-hour later, she still carried the rug, but it was visibly less bulky.

---

Demie had agreed when Kate and I moved in that we could stay rent-free, since the demon owned the condo outright, but I still felt like I should contribute. On my way out to a job interview, a man walked up as I was waiting for the apartment building's elevator.

He was maybe a little older than me, handsome, almost beautiful, fit, with light blond hair. He was also wearing a t-shirt and shorts, and it was a cold day outside.

He saw me looking at his clothes. "Heading down to the facilities."

He had a slight accent but I couldn't place it. Maybe British? "Facilities?"

The elevator arrived and we got on.

"Exercise room," he replied as he touched the 2 button, and then 1 for me. "You're new, right? Ron." He extended his hand.

I took it, feeling his firm grip. "Tom. Yes, moved in a couple weeks ago. I didn't know the building had anything like that, though Demie wouldn't care..." I stopped talking.

Ron arched an eyebrow. "Yes?"

I could hardly explain to this stranger that my demon lover wouldn't care about an exercise room because she didn't need to exercise. I shrugged at him. The elevator arrived on the second floor, and Ron stepped out.

He turned back, holding the door. "I'm in 1310 if you're interested in a cup of tea, Tom, or I just got a Playstation 4 if you're into gaming."

"Yeah! I may just take you up on that. Good to meet you, Ron." I gave him a wave.

"Cheers," he replied with a winning smile, and turned toward the sign indicating the exercise room. I also spied a sign for the sauna before the elevator door closed. Sweet!

---

After I got back home, Demie and Kate started arguing again. The baby continued to cry, aggravated by the loud voices. Finally, Demie said, "Fuck this!" and slammed the door as she left.

Kate went back to her room with the baby, both of them crying. I didn't know what to do. I felt so useless and out of my depth. I knocked on Kate's door but she just cried out for me to leave her alone.

Full of frustrated energy, I decided to change and go use the exercise facilities. As I passed by apartment 1302, the door opened. I turned and almost tripped as I saw my ex-girlfriend looking at me.

"Laura?" It had only been a year (well, almost two with the time jump), but the brown-haired beauty hadn't aged a day.

"Tom!" she said, looking happy to see me. "I thought that was you the other day, but I wasn't sure. Will you come in?"

Agog at the randomness of my ex-girlfriend living next door, I nodded and followed her into her apartment.

The place was rather basic, like an Ikea store had barfed everywhere. She gestured to the couch and we sat down.

"Oh, Tom, I've missed you," she began.

"I...missed you. My life's been kinda crazy over the last few weeks." Then I noticed Laura was sitting really close. I smelled her vanilla perfume and memories flooded my mind: meeting her through friends, hiding from an unexpected rainstorm under an awning, laughing and having our first kiss, making out on dates, making love...

She kissed me. With all the yelling and anger at home, I wasn't getting any affection or sex from Kate or Demie, Kate being too involved with the baby and Demie just being angry all the time. I kissed her back, and our passion swelled as our kissing became deeper and longer, our bodies moving together. Soon she lay back and we were grinding our crotches together.

She gasped and pulled back to look at me. "So much energy..." she said, and the oddness of that comment was lost on me in my current sex-focused state as I moved my mouth down, kissing her neck. I pulled her t-shirt up and kissed at her cleavage. She pulled on my shirt and I helped her to remove it, allowing our almost bare chests to press warmly against each other. With some awkwardness I was able to remove her bra and her fantastic boobs were set free. I dove into them, licking and sucking.

I was starting to feel tired, but I wasn't going to let that stop me. I had always regretted the way Laura and I broke up, like there was unfinished business between us. If she wanted to renew our relationship, or even if she just wanted to fuck, I was down for it. I pulled back and helped her remove her jeans. She looked at me hungrily.

My underwear came off with my shorts. My cock was hard and ready. Laura still had a landing strip of trimmed pubes, and it pointed to my target. With one push I was inside her.

"Ohhh!" she moaned. "It's been so long..."

Apparently it had been a while, as she was TIGHT. I bent forward to kiss her as her wet pussy got used to my "Tommy Gun" again. Soon I was all the way inside her.

"Ah-hhaahhh..." she moaned as she came, arching her back. Once she calmed down from her orgasm I started to thrust.

"How are you...able to...ohhhHH..." She came again. Wow! Normally Laura only came once or maybe twice when we had sex, and it looked like she was ramping up for a third already. Absence makes the heart grow fonder, they say; guess it's the same for vaginas.

I was starting to flag. Was I getting sick? I didn't want to leave Laura unfulfilled; I had to finish! I thrust harder, faster.

"Oh, Tom...Tom..."

I didn't think about the fact that we weren't using a condom. When we were together before, we never needed one because Laura had always been on the pill, and my mind was getting confused about whether it was now or then. I started huffing and thrusting harder.

"Oh, yes! Yes! Give it to me!" She wrapped her arms and legs around me as I came. My orgasm washed over me, and my seed shot deep inside her.

"Give it all to meeeEEEEEEEE...!" Her voice arose to a shriek as she orgasmed again, hard.

"AAAHH!" I cried out as her scream seemed to cut into my brain. Finally, I finished cumming and collapsed upon her.

After a few seconds she asked, "Still alive?"

"Barely," I replied, and pulled out of her. Adding post-orgasm hormones to my sudden tiredness left me feeling completely drained.

She caressed my cheek. "You should go lie down. Come see me again when you're feeling better."

I nodded and got dressed as she lay there, looking well-fucked and satisfied. I gave her another kiss and headed back home, where I barely got to my bed before I collapsed. 

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)