Sarah's Birthday Punishment
by Bloodxxx

Sarah's Birthday Punishment Part 1

How did Sarah get caught? She thought she was careless. Her parents found weed in her room. It was the first time she bought the illegal stuff. Sarah prepares to shower in the morning getting ready for birthday. She hoped that her parents would hold her punishment until after her Birthday, but it is not to be. At first she thought her parents cancelled her birthday party. Sarah's parents told her to phone her classmate to cancel. She is still having her birthday party, but with only family members, more like a family barbecue.

It is 6 am when Sarah finished her shower. Wrapping a towel around herself, She walked back to her room. On top of the bed is what Sarah had to wear for the rest of the day. She picked up the little mermaid pantie's and slipped it on. The pantie's stretched to its limits, Front of Sarah's panties showed a camel toe and the back part is wedged into her ass crack, it also showed plumbers butt crack. The pantie's her's when she was 6 years old. Sarah was a fat little girl at the age of 6. She is now 15 going to be 16, tall 5"10 skinny 115 lbs. B cup breast, Long blonde hair that reaches the bottom of her breasts. 

Sarah tried to put on the pants but it is just too tight and won't go pass her thighs. She remembered these pants was tight, when she was 6 years old. Now it will not fit her. The pink frill skirt, is tight on Sarah and barely cover her. The sleeveless pink shirt with flower decoration fit quite nicely, almost like a second skin . Sarah's nipple outline can be seen through the shirt. The outfit was for when she was 6 years old. Width wise the outfit can stretch and be worn. Its the height of the outfit that is way too short. The last item is her pink slip on sandals.

Sarah stared in shock at her full length mirror, the way she looked in the outfit showed a lot of skin. Standing perfectly straight Sarah's skirt did not cover all of her panties, the bottom part of the panties peaked out . The shirt came just 1 inch of the bottom of her boobs. Her stomach is uncovered.
Sarah is nervous and slightly aroused by the fact she have to wear this barely clad outfit until her birthday is over. Part of the punishment is not to cover her pussy or boobs with her hands. Her nipples started to stiffen and pussy tingled bit. 

"Sarah, Sarah, Come down here!" demanded Sarah's mother Katherine.

Sarah took a deep breath, Twice. To calm her nerves a little. She slowly and shakenly descended down stairs to meet with her parents. As Sarah enters the kitchen. Both her parents eyes scanned Sarah's outfit from top to bottom.

"Wow, The outfit still fits, and your going to be 16 now?" Sarah's Father Bill directing the question to Sarah. Sarah answered with a timid "Yes" and nod.
"Time to prepare. For the party." Bill commanded Sarah.
Part of Sarah's punishment is to work at her own party, decorating, cleaning, setting up the tables and chairs. Her mom and aunt will cater the food though. Sarah is setting up the chairs, when her aunt Katy, Katy's husband Dan and two boys Steve 10 years old and Andy 13 years old. Just arrived in their suv. 

Bill gestured "GO out and help them, Sarah!"

Sarah nodded, sighed, and dejectedly walked to meet with her aunt, uncle and cousins. The moment Sarah stepped outside the house, all eyes were glued on Sarah in her indecent outfit. The two boys has huge grins as they watched and smiled at Sarah. Aunt Katy and uncle Dan smirked at Sarah as she approach. Shameful of own arousal.

"The outfit looks cute on you, Sarah." Aunt Katy broke to silence with a sarcastic comment. Sarah mumbled a meek "Thank you." Feeling very humiliated. Sarah's dad had already explained everything, about Sarah's punishment to all the family members. The family members approved and willing offer their help with Sarah's punishment.

"Just to be clear this is your punishment." Uncle Dan said waiting for Sarah's acknowledgment. Sarah just nodded. "Unload everything in the trunk, Sarah. And Boys make sure Sarah does a good job." Uncle Dan commanded. The boys answered simultaneously "Yes sir!" Sarah started to carry the bags of food and miscellaneous items, from the suv to kitchen. 

Her cousins Steve and Andy barked. "Hurry! Faster! Don't be lazy! You can do better than that! Come on, come on! March Soldier! Time running out! Its gonna blow!" while Sarah worked. Steve and Andy constantly ogled Sarah's butt, pussy and boobs. Making Sarah very uncomfortable. The boys also noticed Sarah's nipples poking through her shirt. Sarah tried her best to ignore the brats. But being nearly naked, and her cousins so close by made it difficult. A few times the boys would block Sarah's way. At first she gave them a angry stare, but the boys just smiled evilly and said "We'll tell Uncle Bill, your slacking off." Sarah gave up trying to get them to move. Sarah just walk around them. Then boys then would follow really close to her staring her behind. It took 5 trips to finish unload all the goods. Sarah worked up a bit of a sweat.

Putting down the last load of food on the kitchen table, Sarah gave a sigh of relief. Her two cousins followed behind her gazing at her scantily clad butt. "Job well done!" Andy said while he slapped Sarah on the ass. This caused Sarah to shriek, she stared at Andy, then she looked at her dad to do something. Her dad Bill did not seem to notice the slap or just ignoring it. 
"Time to go to Wal-mart, we have an appointment." Bill said to Sarah. Grumbling Sarah just let the slap incident slide and nodded to her dad Bill.

"Here is a list of items we need." Katherine handed the list to Bill. Bill Glanced at the list and nodded. "Bring Steve and Andy with you Bill." Aunt Katy suggested. "Do you boys want to go too?" Bill asked the boys. They answered with a excited "Yeah!". Sarah on the other hand is not very pleased that her two perverted cousins is tagging along. "Ok, lets go Kids." Bill said while ushered them out the door.

"I might as well go with you guys. We'll take our suv." Uncle Dan said. Bill nodded with agreement. Uncle Dan is driving, her dad Bill took the front passenger seat. Steve and Andy wanted the window seat, so Sarah is left with the middle. Uncle Dan's suv is a mid size one, quite old. It is really only suppose to be a four seater. Sarah felt very uneasy, as all the males eyes watched her. When Andy opened the door to let Sarah enter the suv. Sarah had to bend over slightly giving Andy a good look at her behind, the frilly skirt rose up enough to show a full view of Sarah's Little mermaid panties. As She got in Sarah had to lift her leg to straddle the divider in the middle. Causing a clear front view of her camel toe panties. The male's watched Sarah intently as she is seating herself.

The suv back seat middle has a divider, plastic about 6 inches wide, roof top shape, the angle only 20 degrees. Peak is rounded. Sarah is sitting on the divider, her bottom pussy touches the peak. It is uncomfortable and arousing, and the divider cause her leg to spread about shoulders apart. One leg on each side of the divider. Sarah blushed with embarrassment, and in a sitting position, her skirt rose a couple of inches. Her little mermaid panties on display. With her legs spread the camel toe is more prominent. There is a little wet spot on her panties and can smell a fishy stench of arousal from Sarah. 

"Something smells fishy?" cousin Steve inquired. "It is the little mermaid." cousin Andy answered. This caused the adults to chuckle. Sarah stared down at her knees, blushing really red keeping her hand at her sides. The drive to Wal-mart is uncomfortable for Sarah physically and mentally. The middle divider vibrated a bit when the engine starts and the faster the vehicle move, the more violent the vibration. Stimulating Sarah's pussy, increasing her arousal. Her breasts also shakes with the vibration. Sarah tried to concentrate ahead of her, watching the cars building pass by. 
When her uncle Dan entered the highways and is going 120 km hour. The divider shaking violently. Sarah started to breathing heavily, she is sweating, her panties is now soaked and her skirt flapped wildly around, slowly riding upwards toward her bellybutton. Sarah closed her eyes and tried to suppress her moans. Sarah's breasts bounced up and down. Her cousins stared blatantly at her chest mesmerized by it's motion. There is a couple times the boys thought Sarah's breast would bounce free, the shirt is skin tight and stayed stuck to her. Until uncle Dan accelerated to 150 km, cousin Andy in one swift motion reach the bottom of Sarah's shirt, assisting it free. The bottom of Sarah's shirt is bunched around the top of her breasts. Free from the restraint Her b size breasts bounced more wildly then before. Sarah using all her will power not to cum. She does not notice her breasts are out in the open and her dad Bill, her cousins Steve and Andy staring intently at them. 

Uncle Dan decelerated, and started going slower. The vibration lessen. Exiting the highway there is this sharp turn. Cousin Andy leaned on to Sarah groping Sarah's boobs in the processes. Sarah also tilt over to her cousin Steve and he also gropes Sarah's boobs. "hey. .. " Sarah reacted. Andy quickly straighten up. 
Andy is smirking, blamed it on the turn "Sharp turn." Sarah slowly straighten herself. Then she realised her top is bunched up and her breast is showing. Her hand instinctively covered her breasts. She let out a yelp. Sarah quickly pulled her shirt to cover her breasts again.

"Sarah! What did i tell you about the rules with your hands?" Bill asked Sarah.

"Not to cover the..." Sarah paused a moment "Vagina and breasts." She continued her answer.

"And what did you just do?" Bill asked Sarah again.

"I covered my breasts." Sarah mumbled her answer.

"But..." Sarah tried to explain, her dad Bill interrupted "No Buts. No excuses. As punishment for covering up. Take off your shirt." Sarah is shock with the request. She looked at her father with pleading eyes. Bill gave Sarah, a you better do it now or else look. Sarah hooked the bottom of her shirt with both hands. The shock of the situation made Sarah forget about her arousal and impending orgasm for a brief moment. Sarah felt humiliation and arousal crept back to her, Sarah's stomach churned and her pussy juices started leaking. Sarah noticed the vehicle has stopped moving. They already arrived at Wal-mart. Sarah can still feel a soft vibration, So the engine is still on. Uncle Dan is now also watching her. Finally Sarah took her shirt off with one swift motion. Sarah gave the shirt to her dad Bill.

Bill put the shirt in the glove compartment. "You may have your shirt back, when we get home." Bill told Sarah. Sarah nodded weakly.

The thought of going topless sent chills through Sarah's body. The thought it all scared and embarrassed her a great deal but her body is aroused. She closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. She is about to cum here right now. The stares from the 4 males, and low vibration engine kept her on the edge.

"You been recording this Dan." Bill ask Dan about the gps/cam. 

"It is been on since we left." Dan answer Bill.

Thinking about the ordeal she just been through is being recorded. Sent another humiliating surge through her body. Sarah let out a "mmmmmm" and her body shuddered. She stayed as still as possible any more stimulant would put her over the edge.

Uncle Dan reached and for keys to turn off the engine. The vibration started to slowly die down. Sarah calmed down bit with less pressure rubbing her private area. Suddenly the engine started rev really high. Causing a the divider to shake violently. Sarah can not control her hornyness. She is rocking with the vibration to get off. Sarah's hands started to knead her own breast. Her moans is audible. The engine reved higher and higher, vibrating got more intense by the second. The engine reved for 2 minutes. Sarah ...ed the divider, played with her breasts the whole time, the engine finally stopped. Sarah thrusted her chest forward arching her back and cummed long and hard. She let out a loud "ugh.............." Her panties is now drenched in her juices. Sarah's juices covered all her inner thigh down to her knees.

Sarah rested and bathed in the after glow for about a minute before the humiliation, embarrassment, shame and guilt all come flooding back to her. Sarah's Dad Bill, Uncle Dan and the two cousins Steve 10 years old and Andy 13 years old. Witnessed her shameful act of her ...ing the divider to orgasm. Even After the earth shattering orgasm, Sarah is beginning to feel arousal build up again.

"That is awesome Sarah." cousin Andy excitingly expressed. "The best thing I've seen." cousin Steve added. They both exited the suv and excitingly talking to each other.

"Let's get going!" Bill Stated to everyone. Bill and Dan exited the suv.

Sarah hesitated to exit the suv, the shame, and nervousness prevented her from moving. "Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God,...." keep on repeating in her head.

Bill gave Sarah the you better get your ass out here or else look. This got Sarah to start moving. She is sitting on the edge of seat, her legs hanging outside, sandal covered feet on the parking lot pavement . Sarah surveyed the area. It is still morning and looked like the Wal-mart just opened. About 30 parked cars. half of them should be from the workers. Even though there are a lot closer parking spaces. Uncle Dan likes to park beside the shopping cart return area. 30 parking spaces away.

Sarah shakenly steps out and shuts the suv door. The breeze on her naked breasts caused her nipples to become erect. As expected her uncle, dad and cousins is watching her every move. Sarah felt weak kneed, she turned around to lean on the suv door. Her uncle, dad and cousins is staring at Sarah's ass with the skirt barely cover her, the drenched little mermaid panties looked more like a little g string the way it is stretched. Sarah can feel the wetness of the soaked panties. And the juices slowly running down pass her knees. The men and boys can also see the glistening of Sarah's pussy juices.

"Come on Sarah. You wasted enough time already!" Bill called for Sarah to start moving.

Sarah used all her courage and strength to start walking towards the Wal-Mart.


Sarah's Birthday Punishment Part 2

Sarah's dad Bill, Uncle Dan and her two cousins Steve and Andy followed behind her, So they can watch Sarah ass seductively move as she walks. The walk to the Wal-mart entrance seem to take forever. She is still hesitate with the situation. Sarah is scared and felt overwhelming humiliation, causing her to move slowly. Every step Sarah took is difficult for her.

When Sarah was little she was Fat, the name calling and getting singled out, use to make her cry all the time. After all the teasing Sarah received she just stopped or could not cry no more. Sarah was bullied all her life. Humiliated and shamed all her life. Sarah's submissiveness stemmed from the bulling. Sarah tried her best to be a good girl and all ways listen to her parents, but some action or commands caused her to question her parents authority. That made her parents angry and Sarah would be singled out and humiliated, disobedience was met with two times the punishment, if Sarah still refuses. The punishment increase and keeps on doubling up until she complies. Obeying her parents became second nature to Sarah. 

Sarah has no friends and her family treats like a rare freak of nature when she was fat. The gradual process of Sarah's growth spurt was a year. She would be considered normal a few months back. Only just three weeks ago, Sarah changed into this gorgeous statuesque body and a beautiful face to match. Sarah still thinks she has become average looking person. Truth is, Sarah is way above average. 

Sarah's first year in high school started two weeks ago. New school, new change to her body and her birthday coming up. She wanted to have a birthday party to make new friends. Her parents agreed to a party and she may invite whom ever she wanted at that time. Starting high school and having a model looks did not change Sarah's status as a loner and still friendless. Her good looks intimidated the other students. Every student assumed Sarah wanted to be alone. But Sarah just lacked socializing skill. Sarah needed to work up a lot of courage to invite her classmates to her birthday party. and when it was cancelled. Phoning her classmates to tell the party is cancelled, was one of the hardest think she ever had to do.

Sarah is at the entrance of the Wal-mart, when a guy and a girl in there 20s exiting the Wal-mart. Spotted Sarah. Surprised to see a half naked girl. The couple stared at Sarah in amazement. The guy slowed down, to gaze at Sarah's form. But the girl pulled at guy to hurry him up, giving Sarah a dirty stare. Sarah could hear the couple talking to each other. But could not make out what they are saying but the words like slut pussy and whore were used.

When Sarah was fat, she was stared at with disgust and wow she is so fat looks. Now the looks are full of lust and envious. This new sensation of being gawked at confused Sarah, She felt humiliation, shame, arousal, pleasure, hate, self loathing all kinds of mixed feelings. And each time a new person saw her, the feelings intensify. 

Sarah went through the first automatic doors. A female around 30s - 40s is getting a shopping cart. The women looked directly at Sarah. She shook her head in disbelief and gave Sarah a disapproving look. The women then continued to do her own shopping. These looks from the female mother figures, made Sarah feel really shameful, that she just did something really wrong and its all her fault.

Finally Sarah steps through the second automatic doors into the air conditioning floors of Wal-mart. The blast of cold air caused her to shiver, her arms automatically went cross arm, hugging herself. This action covered her breasts partially. Sarah instantly put her arms at the side hoping her dad did not notice.

The door greeter a old man about 60s is greeted with a sight of a young teen girl, tall slender and gorgeous. Beautiful blonde hair with face that looks innocent and sexy. Topless with perfect firm boobs, and the erect nipples. Her body has perspiring glow. Like she just took a long jog. She is only wearing a skirt which is frilly and short to a point where you can see her panties poking through. Her pussy has the perfect camel toe. The perspiration around the pussy and inner thighs down to her knees glistened. The old man knew it is her arousal.

"Welcome to Wal-mart!" The old man greeted enthusiastically. A smile bigger then a crescent moon.

Sarah gave a weak nod to the old man. Thinking to herself "This can not be real. She can not go half naked in Wal-mart and not get kicked out, can she?"
"How you doing Henry?" Sarah's dad Bill greeted the old man.

"Oh Bill, Dan. Welcome. Welcome." old man Henry said, laughing. He is so concentrated on Sarah he did not notice anyone else.

Bill whispered in Sarah's ear "Step out of your sandals." Hearing this Sarah knew her dad must of seen her cross her arms. Even though the action only lasted a tenth of a second. 

Sarah took two steps leaving her sandals behind. Sarah's bare feet touched the cold floor sent another chill down her spine. This will be a constant reminder she is half naked in Wal-mart. Bill picked up the sandals to put it in his shopping cart. Pushing the cart past Sarah, Bill stopped in front of old man Henry to chat with him. Uncle Dan joined in on, Bill and Henry's chatter.

The cousins Steve and Andy were also chatting with one another. Still behind Sarah admiring her assets. The boys only moved when Sarah moved.

Sarah Stood there, made sure her arms are at her sides. She felt very awkward, bare feet, topless waiting for her dad to finish his chatter. More and more people started to notice the topless teen. But no one voiced there disapproval or called security to kick her out yet. Sarah notice there are 3 males about 30s in the distance watching her. They had there phones out recording or taking pictures of her. 

When Sarah was Fat some people recorded or took pictures of her before. One haunting memory was when she was eating spaghetti in a restaurant and spilled the spaghetti all over herself. Her parents made her stand and hold ears for the remainder of their dinner. Some people took pictures, cause they thought it was a funny scene. Sarah told her dad that people taking pictures embarrassed her, and the people will use it to make fun her over and over. Sarah's dad Bill said "Its your punishment. If they want to take pictures and humiliate you over and over it is fine. Just don't get in trouble and get punished."

Sarah knew her dad will not stop the people from taking her picture. Her dad encourages others to take part in her punishment/humiliation. 

About 5 women, 2 men 2 groups of families, and 5 mother with their infant entered and pass by Sarah. In span of 10 minutes. The 5 women each looked at Sarah in disbelief, but did not care that much. The 2 men stayed to gaze at the half naked teen even took out there phone, for pictures and videos. 

The first family father, mother and two girls in their tweens. The father and mother were not happy and demanded to know what is going on? Sarah's dad Bill explained the situation to the father and mother. After the explanation. Sarah heard the mother say to her two daughters "That is what happens if you don't listen to your parents or do drugs!" the mother points at Sarah. The two girls looked panicked and promised their mother they will never do drugs or disobey their parents ever.

The second family. Father, mother and two sons, about Steve and Andy's age. The father and mother were surprise to see a topless teen. Sarah heard them say "She probably deserve it." they did not seem to care to much about Sarah's predicament. The sons looked at Sarah wide eyed in disbelief. The sons could not believe there luck, seeing Sarah in her half naked glory. The sons lingered as long as possible and kept back peddling to stare at Sarah. While following their parents.

The 5 mothers with their infants asked Sarah directly if she is okay. Sarah in a shy manner had to explain herself. When she mentioned, punishment, each mother gave her a stern look, a disapprove glance, shook the heads. But did not press the issue farther.

"What she is Piggy Sarah!" old man Henry shouted. Old man Henry is staring wide eyed at Sarah. "Wow, She is premium meat now." Bill and Dan laughed with Henry.

"Come give me a Hug?" old man Henry said with his arms spread out towards Sarah. Sarah looked at her dad. Her dad Bill just nods. 

Old man Henry is her dad Bill's friend. To Sarah she is just a old perverted man. Sarah slowly with small steps crept towards the old man. Her head is slightly tilted down her eyes , looking at the old pervert. The old man rushed forward to give Sarah a big hug. The old man wrapped his arms around Sarah's young body under Sarah's arms. His hand grabbing each of Sarah's Bum cheeks. Old man Henry is not a tall man 5'1" only Sarah being 5'10" puts the old man face almost directly on Sarah's pert b size breasts. He is now groping Sarah's ass giving Sarah a strong hug, rocking Sarah's body front side to side. Old man Henry did this for a long minute. Sarah did not hug the old man back, she let the old man feel her up. Sarah felt violated and disgusted at the act of the hug from this old perverted man. The humiliation does make her feel a bit aroused. Sarah's arousal state has been build up every time some one new saw her. Sarah's pussy juices dripped down pass her knees to mid calf muscle. Sarah breathing is now slightly faster then normal.

"Well see you later, Henry. Come on Sarah." Bill shouted. Old man Henry gave Sarah's ass a slap. Sarah reacted with small hop and shriek. She ignore the slap the best she can and continued to follow her dad. 

"It is been pleasure." Old man Henry said while waving bye to his friends.

Sarah is following her dad, walking in the aisle between the Wal-mart cash register and shops at the entrance of the Wal-mart. Sarah passed by Mc donald, a eye glasses store, wine store, costumer service, washrooms, coffee shop and photo printing shop. All the shop cashiers watched Sarah pass by with awe and amazement. The Wal-mart cashiers looked in bewilderment as the topless teen just casually walked by.

Sarah got more nervous when she is about to pass the security office. A large security guard is watching Sarah. The security guard steps in Sarah's path to stop her. Sarah is scared, thinking to herself "Oh God, I m gonna get kick out." Sarah tried to look for her dad for help. 

"Hello, Miss. Your not causing any trouble, are you?" the guard questioned Sarah.

Sarah shook her and mumble a "mm mm."

The guard scanned Sarah from top to bottom. "Are you on drugs, girl?" the guard questioned Sarah again.

Sarah shook her head frantically.

"Ok miss. See this white line on the floor." the guard said pointing at the painted white line on floor about 5 meters long. "Walk on the line to end and back." the guard instructed Sarah.

The security guard is now giving some kind of test to see if she is sober, ignoring the fact she is nearly naked. 
Sarah a little bit shaky, tried her best to walk on the white painted line on the floor. Sarah could not get over the fact she is being watched, that people are recording and taking pictures of her shameful humiliation. The nervousness, and her state of arousal effected her. Normally Sarah would of walked on the line easily. but she stepped off the line twice to balance herself, before reaching the end of the painted line. Turning around, to walk back on the painted line. Sarah paused to calm her nerves a bit.

"Put your hand on the back your head." the guard added. Sarah complied, clasping her hand together behind the back of her head. This motion thrusted her chest out, making her breast perk up more. The people get a unobstructed view of side boob. Sarah can not use her hands to balance herself, making it more difficult for her. There is a crowd of people a meter away from where the white painted line ends. Only the security guard and Sarah's two cousin Steve and Andy are at the side of the white painted line.

There must be about 2 dozen of people witnessing her plight. Being in the spotlight got Sarah light headed, and her pussy juices reached to her ankles. Sarah took 2 deep breaths before she start walking again. Sarah repeated in her mind "Right foot, Left foot............" Surprisingly Sarah did not step off the line on the return trip.

"Reach down and touch your right foot without bending your knees." the guard instructed Sarah.

Sarah facing the security guard, had to spread her legs about shoulder width. So she can reach her right foot. 
"Hold it there" the guard added instruction to Sarah.
Sarah had to stay in that position for 2 minute. The people behind her got a full view of Sarah's legs, buttocks, and panty clad camel toe pussy. drenched with Sarah's juices. Her skirt is no better then a belt in the this position. Sarah whole ass and wedged panties can be seen. At the sides you can see Sarah dangling breast pointed down to the floor. Sarah can not help but feel shame, and more pussy juice flowing down her thigh. Breathing has become more rapid. 

"Now the left foot." the next instruction from the guard. Sarah had to hold her left foot in the same manner for another 2 minute. Sarah thought to herself "Just follow instruction or it will be more humiliation for yourself, the humiliation always gets worse if don't follow!"

"Give me 50 jumping jacks!" the guard shouted the next instruction to Sarah.

Sarah did the first jumping jack the guard interrupted "Count out loud."

Everytime Sarah did a jumping jack she would arkwardly pause to count. Her rapid breathing made a hm.. sound at end of the number. "One hm.." "Two hm.." "Three hm.." "Four hm.." Sarah ass jiggled, and the panties were eaten by her ass crack. By the tenth jumping jack, the back of Sarah's panties is complete wedge in her ass crack. Her bare bottom exposed. Sarah's boobs bounced wildly and freely, everytime the legs came together the juices on her inner legs splashed together spreading it around. Sarahs camel toe pussy lips open and closed. By the thirtieth jumping jack Sarah moaned, her panties had wedged into her pussy lips. Sarah tried to fix her wedged panties but the guard interrupted her. "Why did you stop? Now you have to start over! If you stop again you have to start over again!" Sarah is stunned by the guards words. "Go!" shouted the guard. Sarah snapped out her trance, started to do jumping jacks again.

Sarah is in a very aroused state, her hm...... is much longer. "One hm......" "Two hm....." Her wedged pussy lips is on fire. Her pussy is gushing out her juices. Sarah's getting more and more aroused, humiliated and fatigued with each jumping jack. 

"Fiftieth hm............." Sarah is exhausted, perspiration all over her body, and her legs covered in her pussy juices. There is a small pool of her juices on floor. Sarah's panties still wedged inside her. 

"Hand on the wall, and spread them legs wide, Miss. I need to search you for drugs." the guard instructed.

Sarah thought to herself "How can I hide drugs, dressed in only panties and small skirt?" Sarah complied to the guards command, She put her hands on the closest wall and spread her legs shoulder width apart. 

"Move back, 2 steps." the guard instructed Sarah. Sarah took two steps back, this caused her to bend over 90 degrees angle to touch the wall. Her skirt rode up and her whole ass can be seen. Sarah's pussy can be seen and a strip of panties wedged into her pussy lips. Her naked breast hanging downwards.

"Wider." the guard said while kicking Sarah's leg. Sarah spread her legs 2 shoulder width apart. Her pussy lips open up more. The guard patted Sarah right leg, from the foot to her right buttocks, he is more thorough around the buttocks area. The guard hand grazed Sarah's pussy lips a couple of times during the thorough search of the buttocks. Causing Sarah t


