The Step-Sister
by *Lady Lucia*

Chapter Four

For how prim and proper she came across as, Sara clearly didn’t have any reservations when it came to the nudity before her. She shamelessly looked Claudia up and down for a few long seconds, taking in her bare front side and lingering the slightest bit on the more private areas.

Scoffing a bit, Claudia asked, “So are you a closeted lesbian, or what?” Normally, she’d refer to herself as gay. It was the more casual term, and was far less sexualized than the other. However, Sara used ‘lesbian’ several times already since this nightmare began, no doubt as a more pointed threat about the knowledge she had. Claudia wanted to throw it right back in her face, and perhaps use the idea as a weapon of her own. Even if it wasn’t true, it would sew the seeds of doubt with their parents. Although, if it was true . . .

Sara just smiled. “Maybe a little curious sometimes. Want to be my first?”

“Fuck off.” Claudia snapped. Despite the teasing and the leering, she kept her hands on her hips. Her step-sister could look all she wanted. Claudia refused to flinch.

“You’re not my type, anyway. Well, not yet. So, Clauds, do you remember what you need to do to earn your room back?”

“I need to be proper, and straight laced, and as boring as you?” She actually couldn’t remember the exact criteria. That felt close enough.

Sara just smirked. “Close, sis. You need to show me that you can be a proper and responsible girl.”

“Whatever. Let’s get on with it, then.”

“Ah, ah. Not yet. Before we get into all that, let’s talk about your behavior lately. You’ve been cutting class, failing tests, breaking curfew, and fucking girls behind our parents’ backs. Not to mention the language, the revealing clothes, and your overall attitude.”

Claudia just rolled her eyes. “Yeah, I’ve been enjoying life. So what?”

“This is exactly the problem,” Sara said, “No accountability. You don’t care. But I told you earlier, Mom said that I was in charge for the weekend. And I think you’re long overdue for some discipline, Claudia.”

“Umm, okay?”

“I’m serious. So here’s what’s going to happen, sis. You’re going to bend over, and I’m going to give you a good, old fashioned spanking.”

“Excuse me?” Claudia actually laughed at the notion. At this point in her life, especially considering the kinds of girls she fooled around with, spankings had more of a sexy connotation than anything else. “If you want me that badly, Sara, just say so.” To punctuate her reverse teasing, Claudia dropped one of the arms from her sides and gave her own ass a resounding smack.

Sara just scowled. “I mean it, Claudia. Or I could snap your skateboard in half, and burn your weed, and show our parents your fake ID, and donate all your oh so edgy clothes, and-”

“Okay, okay! Jesus,” Claudia groaned, “I get it. Fine. Where do you want me?” The whole thing was ridiculous. Sara didn’t turn her on, which meant something like this was just going to be boring without the other elements that were usually part of the roughness Claudia and the occasional partner fought to be in the driver’s seat for.

“How about over my desk?”

“Sure, whatever.”

Without another word, Claudia walked over to Sara’s desk in all her naked glory. She didn’t care. As a hot girl, there wasn’t an ounce of shame that came with her exposure. Especially when her anger and annoyance towards Sara for all this pretty much overrode any other emotions floating around here and there. Naturally, Sara’s desk was pristine, like everything else about the Type A girl’s room. Claudia didn’t want to deal with the indignity of being told to do something she was already about to do, so she partially bent over and placed her forearms down. Just for good measure, she inched slightly forward on the desk and jutted her bare ass out at the same time.

As in, this wasn’t demeaning. It was sexy.

Seemingly unaffected by the show, Sara just said, “Now hold still.” Rather than coming over to set herself up for the impending spanking, the preppy dressed girl pulled out her chair and sat down at the desk instead. She reached to the section of organized school supplies in the back corner and retrieved a pink pen along with a plain index card.

“What are you doing?” Claudia had been ready to get the stupid punishment over and done with. Instead, she found herself with an up close view of what Sara looked like when she was being her usual academic self and working on AP assignments instead of having fun. It was also the first time Claudia’s bare boobs had been ignored by another girl from such a proximity.

Removing the cap from the girly pen, Sara didn’t say a word. Instead, she simply wrote in bold, capital letters that Claudia could easily read from the way her eyes were less than a foot above Sara’s hand.

CUTTING CLASS
FAILING TESTS
BREAKING CURFEW
FUCKING GIRLS
VULGAR LANGUAGE
SLUTTY CLOTHES
HORRIBLE ATTITUDE

Turning the card towards Claudia when she was done, Sara asked, “So which one would you like to be disciplined for first?”

As far as Claudia was concerned, only the first few were relevant. Her sexuality was hardly something worth punishing, and the rest of the list was simply her personality that clashed with Sara’s uptight nature. While she was bent over and just trying to get through all this in the name of getting her possession back, however, there was no sense in arguing. It’s not like Sara would listen, anyway. “Cutting class,” Claudia bluntly answered. It was less choosing, and more stating the first item on the list to give her sister as little satisfaction as possible.

“Now try it politely. That’s why we’re here, isn’t it?”

“Cutting class, please.”

“And what should I do to discipline you for cutting class?” Sara asked. While the words were patronizing, her tone was still calm and neutral as she met Claudia’s eyes.

Staring back and refusing to be intimidated or to make this more fun in any way for Sara, Claudia bluntly said, “Will you please spank me for cutting class?”

Breaking the cool facade as easily as the facade had replaced her peppy attitude from before, Sara smirked. “With pleasure.” She reached into the nearby drawer and pulled out a hairbrush that Claudia immediately recognized as her own. Hopping up from the chair, Sara circled around until she was behind Claudia and out of sight. “Now, let’s set some ground rules,” she said, “If you try to get up or if you complain at all, then say goodbye to your skateboard forever. Do you understand, Claudia?”

Her skateboard. Before, it was part of a long list of things she wanted back. But now that her precious board was called out by itself . . .

“Sara, you can’t-”

“Yes, I can. I swear to God, sis, I will throw it into a fucking woodchipper. Now, are you going to hold still and take the spanking you deserve?”

“Yes. I’ll hold still and take it,” Claudia sighed. Despite herself, she lightly blushed at the unintentionally suggestive phrase.

“Good. Ready?” Without waiting for a reply, Sara gripped Claudia’s hairbrush and slammed it as she could against Claudia’s pale backside.

Claudia’s plan had been to proudly take it, which had been her idea even before she was made to say as much. Instead, she involuntarily cried out from the unexpectedly harsh blow. Turns out, Sara’s version of spanking was nothing at all like the variety Claudia was accustomed to. The first strike was HARD, way harder than the aggressive kinky spanks she had experienced before. Not only that, but a hairbrush hurt so much more than another girl’s hand.

Furious with herself that she had shown a moment of weakness on the very first spank, Claudia belatedly bit her lip and steeled herself for the next one. She was just caught off guard; that’s all. Now that she was prepared for what she was in for, she’d be better moving forward.

“Something to say, Claudia?” Sara asked in a lilting voice.

Once again not letting her smug question linger, she cracked the brush down onto Claudia’s opposite cheek.

What will Claudia do?

1. Speak up immediately about how it’s too hard, and risk losing her skateboard?

2. Suffer in silence–in speech, at least–while Claudia spanks her ass black and blue?

3. Or make it halfway, only to fail anyway when she can’t take it any more?


