John slouched down in the briefing room chair and watched the Atlanteans with sharp interest hidden behind an easy going grin. His first impression of them was cautiously positive. There was an energy they sparked off each other, a sense of purpose and teamwork, almost a sense of naivety in some ways. These were a people who had never been devastated by the Wraith, never had their hearts torn out and their futures disappear under the whining buzz and ghostly lights of Wraith darts.

John’s own people had escaped the devastating curse that plagued the peoples of Pegasus through the blessings of the Ancestors and their own combination of stubbornness, ruthlessness and sheer, dumb luck. But even they had lost people, made sacrifices, had to keep a strict control on their population. They had still grown up with the grim knowledge of what was out there; what was always out there. These people though. They shone with such optimism it was scary to those who knew better.

John watched Elizabeth Weir, the leader. He liked her. Hey, she was a likeable woman. But more than that, she was vivid; filled with more enthusiasm than you usually found in the dry, dusty world of diplomacy and negotiations. And of course she was beautiful—wow, she was beautiful—with passion and strength sculpted in her bones and eyes that shone with an infectious desire to learn. So he liked her. It wouldn’t keep him from being ruthless in the interests of his people.

Well…it would keep him from it a little.

Now Colonel Marshall Sumner was a complete lack of surprise. The man was every humourless officer John had ever known who disapproved of anything that wasn’t by the book, by the regs, by the code; a hard ass through and through. John had grown up with the High Lord of hard asses so he knew the type well and he gave an internal shrug over the man. Being suspicious was the Colonel’s job and John had no problem with the man for doing it. Whether there was anything else worth knowing beneath Sumner’s suspicious eyes and rigid military spit and polish, John would have to wait and see.

John’s eyes slid easily, naturally to Rodney and he had to suppress a grin. Rodney McKay, he had come to realize in the short period of time they’d known each other (in pretty much every biologically possible way) was unique in this or any other galaxy. The man was excitable, irritable, arrogant and awkward in a way that just shouldn’t be sexy but somehow was. Oh yeah, and he was scary, brilliant. Even John’s own scientists had ended up in awe of McKay; pissed off, but in awe. Since meeting McKay, John had found himself by turns amused, turned on, irritated and sometimes all three at once. Rodney…was a challenge. John wasn’t used to the feeling and he found it much more fascinating than he really should. He didn’t know what the hell they were doing together or whether it would help this potential alliance or screw it the fuck up but he was all in, Ancestors help him.

They were sitting in a light airy conference room, the walls transparent, with the gate room visible below. As the meeting attendees settled, John felt the humming in his head flare up briefly and examined it thoughtfully in his head. The weird nudging at the back of his mind had started the moment he’d stepped out of the gate and into the Ancient’s castle. It was a mental caress, a humming at the base of his skull, an over enthusiastic lullaby. It didn’t feel wrong or evil or like an attempt at mind control and maybe John should have felt more worried than he did. But what it really felt like was…a welcome.

He wanted to ask if any of the Earthlings felt it. A whispered aside to Boyd had elicited the knowledge that none of his team did. This response had been accompanied by a concerned look from Boyd and a delicately worded inquiry as to the state of the High Lord’s mental health. This had earned Boyd a narrow eyed glare which had, unfortunately, bounced right off of his impervious bodyguard. Too bad they didn’t do executions much anymore. Not that John would but, heh, the threat would be kind of useful.

The other members of the negotiating team finished settling and when Elizabeth smiled brightly across at John and his team he forced the whispering down so he could focus.

********************************************

The negotiations were going just about as well as first negotiations could go, Rodney supposed. He’d gotten used to doing the whole yadda, yadda diplomacy thing on his missions with Ford and it was amazing how many times they seemed to end in ‘run away, run away, oh Jesus, fuck, run away!’ But so far no one had pulled a weapon, no one had accidentally insulted anyone else’s mother (that had not been Rodney’s fault; she had looked like a man), and no one had gotten generally huffy and stalked away with their toys, refusing to play anymore. Points all around.

“You might want to try the Athosians,” John was adding. The discussions were centered around food right now which…boring. Okay, yes, it was important in that…food. Food was vitally necessary for his, their, survival. Hopefully really, really good tasting food. But…actual negotiations for food? Bo…ring.

“The Athosians,” Elizabeth was frowning down at the table as if trying place the name. “I…believe I’ve heard the name. Wait,” her head came back up and she sent a questioning glance to Sumner. “Weren’t the Athosians on the first planet that we visited?”

Rodney looked up in sudden interest. He remembered that mission. Not that he’d been on that mission. He’d been too busy running around Atlantis trying to conserve power and save everyone’s ungrateful lives. Of course, technically he’d failed and it was the city itself that had saved them by triggering fail safes; rising to the top of the ocean when the shields had finally begun their final collapse. But…he was sure he would have thought of something before they’d all died.

Sumner had a vaguely disdainful look on his face, thinly hidden under a military stone façade. “We met them. They were useless to us. No tech. Simple hunter/gatherer types.” His brows furrowed in recall. “There was an abandoned city that looked promising but it didn’t pan out.”

Rodney caught the flash of disdain Sheppard shot at Sumner. It was just an instant from beneath hooded eyes and his expression quickly returned to its prior bland, twinkling projection of ‘I am hot and not too bright, please try to seduce me while I barter you out of everything you own.’ But it had been there.

When Sheppard spoke, his voice was mild. “The Athosians are a worthy people. They’re strong warriors, clever farmers and fair traders. If they like you that is.” Vaguely implied in his tone to Sumner was…’but apparently you fucked that last part up. Moron.’ Or maybe Rodney was projecting.

Maybe not though because Elizabeth placed a quick, restraining hand on Sumner and smiled winningly back at Sheppard. “Ah, perhaps if we had a mutual ally to help us re-build relations with the Athosians we might find ourselves in an arrangement which would benefit us all.”

Sheppard hesitated and, after a moment, nodded cautiously. “If our negotiations go well and I believe it’s in the best interests of the Athosians then I’d be willing to help you broker a trade agreement with them.”

Sumner’s jaw tightened but he kept his mouth shut. Three months in Pegasus without a sign of a ZPM had changed everyone’s priorities, even the Colonel’s. Whereas before their interests had focused purely on finding technically advanced allies and searching for ZPM’s, the grim truth was that this was turning out to be a one way trip and finding a steady supply of food was becoming a top priority.

“That would be much appreciated,” Elizabeth nodded warmly at Sheppard and no one at the table missed the warning squeeze she gave Sumner’s wrist before letting go.

**********************************************************

“Well, that went well…” Sheppard said mildly as he walked with Rodney down the long, gleaming corridors of Atlantis, two of his guards trailing discreetly behind with two of Sumner’s marines trailing right behind them. It was too crowded by far in Rodney’s disgruntled opinion. How was he supposed to get Sheppard alone to have hot, sweaty, sex if they were followed by Neanderthals all day long?

Rodney rolled his eyes at Sheppard’s comment. “I suppose. It definitely could have been worse. There was that time the natives of planet M49-648 wanted to trade two yaks for Ford.” At least, they had looked like Yaks.

Sheppard grinned back. “Hey that sounds like a pretty good deal. And they offered two? Ford should be flattered.”

“Oh, yes, I’ll be sure to mention that to him,” Rodney smirked, and remembering the look on Ford’s face at the suggested offer decided he would tell the Lieutenant just to see if the look on his face came back.

They walked on and Rodney remembered he was supposed to be doing the tour guide thing. “Uh, so these are, uhm, more corridors,” Rodney waved his hand vaguely.

John sent him a side glance, amused. “Gee and Ford was worried you wouldn’t make a good tour guide.”

“What!? These are corridors. No one can make corridors interesting,” Rodney defended himself.

“Uh huh. So when do we get to see something besides the not interesting corridors?” John asked pointedly.

Rodney let a smug smile slide into place as they reached the ship bay. “How about, oh, right now?”

Rodney watched John’s face as the other man took in the gleaming ships sitting snugly in the vaulted room, the slow spreading smile of appreciation which took over his face; the gleam of excitement that hit his eyes and for a moment made him look like an overgrown kid. “Nice,” John huffed out an appreciative breath. “What do these babies do? Are they interplanetary or atmospheric?”

“They’re both,” Rodney said proudly. “And they fly through the gates. They’re gate ships.”

John stopped his appreciative viewing of the crafts long enough to shoot Rodney a frowning glance. “Gate ships? You call them gate ships?”

“Well, yes,” Rodney said, face falling a little at the hint of disapproval he thought he detected. “They’re, well, ships,” he held out one hand. “And they fly through gates,” he held out the second hand. “Gate ships,” he brought the two hands together.

“Okay.”

“What? What okay?” Rodney scowled now, disgruntled. “What’s wrong with gate ships?”

“Nothing,” John answered, tone easy and bland, immediately causing Rodney’s eyes to narrow.

“Well what would you have called them?” Rodney asked, disgruntled.

John stood back, head cocked as he studied the stubby yet somehow beautiful crafts that were calling to him like a siren. “Little beauties like these?” He arched a brow in consideration before nodding decisively. “Puddle jumpers.”

“Puddle jumpers!? That’s a stupid name,” Rodney protested. “They’re ships! They go through gates! There are no puddles or jumping involved.”

John just rolled his eyes. “Whatever Rodney. They’re your ships. If you want to call them gate ships then they’re gate ships.”

“There’s nothing wrong with gate ships,” Rodney muttered as they approached one of the crafts. “It’s a logical name.”

“It’s a very nice name,” John soothed and Rodney rolled his eyes and snapped “oh shut up, do you want to go in one or not?”

“I definitely want to see the insides of a ‘gate ship’,” John nodded solemnly.

“Fine,” Rodney snapped before he brightened and looked back at the annoyingly large military escort. “Oh. Sorry!” he said cheerfully. “Not enough room for everyone. The High Lord and I will just, uh, check it out alone. You men can wait out here.” At the unhappy looks of both sets of soldiers his cheerful tone dropped away and, scowling, he snapped “oh come on. We’re going to be mere meters away. It’s not like I’m a pilot.” Even with the induced Ancient gene from Carson’s gene therapy, the one time he’d try to pilot a gate ship had been such a disaster he’d been barred by Sumner from trying again.

The Atlantis soldiers rolled their eyes but stayed as did the Leiath soldiers after a nod from Sheppard. The two men entered the ship and John immediately moved up to sit in the pilot’s chair. “Nice,” he said admiringly. “You think we’d be able to take one up later?”

“Uhm, I suppose,” Rodney said, considering. He’d just need to get a pilot in here.

“So this is a ship of the Ancestors, huh?” Sheppard asked, neck craning as he moved his head back and forth to take it all in.

“Yes. It’s, uh, it’s very cool actually,” Rodney smiled at the chance to discuss Ancient tech. “A lot of Ancient technology is based on thought control and, while we’re still studying the applications and interaction between machinery and…” and then Rodney jumped as the panels suddenly lit up.

“Hey that is cool!” John smiled in sheer pleasure, green eyes crinkling with boyish glee. “So you did that with your mind?”

“Uh, no…” Rodney said, frowning at the happily glowing panel. “Actually, I didn’t.” Which meant that …he slowly turned to look at the High Lord of Leiath, there was only one other person left who could have.

“You have the Ancient gene!” Rodney accused Sheppard, causing the other man to look over at him, arching an eyebrow quizzically.

“I do?” Sheppard blinked and then shrugged before turning his attention back to the lit up display of the gate ship. “I don’t think so.” He raised a hand to tap at a brightly lit panel. “What’s the ancient gene?”

Rodney’s eyes narrowed in outrage at the dumb act. “If you don’t know what it is then how can you possibly know you don’t have it?” he snapped. “It’s genetics! You’ve got the same genetic makeup as the Ancients. Or at least as close as we get nowadays.” Rodney corrected himself. “Wait a minute, why do you have the gene?” he frowned. “So far no one we’ve encountered in Pegasus seems to have the gene.”

Sheppard shrugged, looking unconcerned at being an anomaly. “Galaxy’s a big place. Maybe you just haven’t met the right people yet. So,” he grinned suddenly, zeroing in on the true import of McKay’s words. “Does that mean I can fly this ship?”

Rodney rolled his eyes. He’d already discovered from his time on Leiath that Sheppard had a thing for anything that flew. “Probably,” Rodney admitted. “We don’t know how strong your gene is but most everyone who has the gene can.”

“So you people all have the gene?” John asked as he frowned at the console and another display popped up, this time looking like it held map coordinates.

“Well…no. Actually very few of us have it naturally but Carson, uh, Dr. Beckett, is a geneticist and he developed a way to inoculate people with the gene.”

“Really?” Sheppard turned and gave Rodney an impressed look that seemed sincere. “That’s some pretty high science. So why don’t you all have the gene then?”

“It only works on about half of our people and it doesn’t seem to be as effective in all respects as actually having the gene innately,” Rodney explained absently as he started really processing what it meant that Sheppard had the Ancient gene. “But very few people seem to have it naturally and even in those the strength of it seems to vary. We should test you,” Rodney said with rising enthusiasm. “We should put you in the chair.”

“Chair?” John shot Rodney a wary look. McKay sounded way too enthusiastic all of a sudden. John had found in his time as ruler of Leiath that when scientists got too enthusiastic he should prepare for large explosions and excuses of “but we were so close!”

“Yes, the control chair it…hey! What are you doing?”

“Nothing,” John tried to sound innocent but Rodney had already figured out that the High Lord was rarely innocent of anything.

“Stop that! That! What you’re…hey, I didn’t know it could do that. How did you do that?”

“I just wondered if this thing came with directions,” John answered mildly. “Huh. So it says if I do this…”

“Wait! You read Ancient?!” Rodney shrieked. “You didn’t tell me you could read Ancient!”

“You never asked,” John shrugged, not mentioning that all of the Leiathan prophecy's were written in the language of the Ancestors. “Can you read Ancient?”

“Yes!” Rodney snapped as he watched in fascination the information streaming down in front of them.

“Well, see, I didn’t know that you knew Ancient either,” John shrugged again.

“That’s not the point! Hey! Put this ship back down! Put it down!”