I like being a Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 04

I was again woken in the most pleasurable way possible then begged both my brothers to fuck me again before the day properly started.

They did, but only after telling me to keep the blindfold on.


We were finally ready to go to the beach in town and set off with me wearing just my sandals and my holey dress. There was some other people from the campsite walking into town that left just behind us. Luke slowed our pace until they nearly caught up to use then he increased our speed to match theirs. At first I wondered what Luke was up to but when I heard a young male voice behind us say,

“That girl’s got nothing on under her dress.” I quickly realised that Luke was doing it for my benefit.

I heard another couple of comments, one good and one not so good, but we ignored them. When we got to the first shop Luke stopped to look at something and I didn’t stop so quick and I had to turn to go back to Luke. I stood facing the people behind us and every one of them had a good look at me as they passed. I smiled when I caught the eye of one of the young women who only had a quick look at what she could see through the holes in my ‘dress’.

When I asked Luke what he was looking at he said,

“Nothing, I was just giving those people a better opportunity to look at you.”

I reached up and kissed his cheek and thanked him. Ashley laughed and told me that I’d just flashed my bare butt at him when my ‘dress’ rode up.

“Enjoy the view?” I asked.

“Yes, as always, I’ll never get tired of looking at your cute little butt.”

I stretched up and kissed Ashley on his cheek and Luke added,

“Me too.”


As we walked onto the beach Ashley said,

“Hey look, donkeys.”

Luke and I turned and saw 4 donkeys and a woman lifting a little kid onto one.

“Remember riding on one of those when you were little Hannah?” Luke asked.

“Yes, but that was years ago.”

“Want a ride now?”

“I’m too big for that,” I replied. “I was 140 centimetres the last time that I checked.”

“Maybe not, lets go and see.”

We walk over to the donkeys and to the old man that was with them. Luke asked if I was too big and the man turned and looked my up and down, then he did it again before saying that it was okay.

It was a good job that the man was big because he lifted me up and sat me on the saddle of the biggest donkey. I was sat side ways on and he then lifted one of my legs below my knee and lifted it over the front of the donkey.

When he’d lifted me up onto the donkey my ‘dress’ had ridden up giving anyone who looked a view of my bare butt and slit, and when the man put me on the saddle he couldn’t have not seen my pussy and my nipples sticking through 2 of the holes in the material.

And when he lifted my leg over he, and anyone who was looking, would have seen all of my pussy, lips closed and open as my legs went wide apart.

Even when I was sat on the saddle properly I could feel my ‘dress’ up above my hips.

“Nice knickers.” Luke loudly said.

I started to remind him that I wasn’t wearing any knickers but stopped half way through when I realised that he was just saying that to try to get people to look at me. Not that anyone would have been able to see more than a bit of bare belly and the top of my butt crack, also my outer thighs nearly up to my waist.


I was actually embarrassed as the donkeys walked along the beach and back, I was way too old for donkey rides, and I was thankful that they didn’t go far before turning back.   


The man came over to lift me off and he told me to lift my leg up and slide it round. I was sat sideways on the saddle with my ‘dress’ up round my waist as the man came and stood in front of me to lift me up and put me down. For the split second that he held me up in the air I looked round and saw that a few people were watching, and I blushed again.

As we walked away Luke said,

“You’re amazing Hannah, you don’t get embarrassed when you are totally naked in front of people but your face goes bright red when you’re sat on and being lifted off a bleeding donkey.”

“That was because I’m too old for donkey rides, the other kids were around half my age.”

“But you did enjoy the man looking at you and who knows how many other people saw your pussy.”

“I did, I can’t help what puberty has done to me.”

“No, and I for one like what it’s done to you Hannah.”


We walked right along the beach to the end where there were rocks and no people for about 50 metres, other than us.

“So,” I said, “is it up on the rocks for me and you get your camera clicking?”

“Not yet little girl, get naked girl.”

Well I wasn’t going to argue with that and within seconds I was totally naked. I looked along the beach and wished that the people that I could see were closer.

“Come here kiddo.” Luke said.

I walked over to him and he got the sunblock out and started covering me in it. When he got to my little tits he played with my nipples for a while, and when he got to my pussy he made me cum, and whilst I was cumming he slid my egg inside me. 

As I came down from my high I asked him if he was going to make me cum over and over.

“Not all the time, I’ll let you have the occasional short rest.”

“Bring it on bro.”


We spent the couple of hours or so getting lots more photographs of me, and a couple of videos, of me on, or between the rocks, and on the sand. One of the videos was when Luke told me to make myself cum. I was between 2 rocks and I could see the people in the distance as my fingers got busy and I came as I watched the people.

Some of the photographs were taken with me stood on 2 rocks with my legs apart and Luke underneath me looking up. Whilst I was like that Luke turned the egg up to full blast and took me right to the edge before switching it off. There’s one photo of my pussy with a drop of my juices a split second before it hit the lens of the camera, then another taken after the drop landed on the lens. Ashley said that Luke should delete that one because my juices ruined the photo of my pussy but Luke wouldn’t, saying that it was the knowledge of what the liquid was that made it a good photo.

That was whilst we were sat on a towel reviewing all the photos on the camera’s screen. 

Whilst we were doing that a middle-aged man walked passed us and to the rocks then turned and waked back. Unless he was blind he saw the naked girl between the 2 older teenage boys, and unless he was deaf he would have heard us discussing the size of my clit. Luke had some older photos of me on his memory card and when we compared them we all decided that my clit had grown quite a bit over the last month or so.

Both Luke and Ashley were sure that it had grown in the last few days but I wasn’t sure until they said that it was starting to look like a little boy’s bell end. That comment made me feel good and I bent over and had a good luck at the real thing. And I had a little feel of it, then a little rub of it, then a full-blown rub causing another cum, still sat between my brothers.

After that Luke told me to go for a swim to cool down. I knew that it would be cold but I still got up and ran into the sea. I really was right, my nipples were throbbing with the cold and so was my clit even though it must have tried to shrink back up inside me right up to my stomach.

But it was a really nice feeling having absolutely nothing between the water and my skin.

When I saw a youngish couple walking along the water’s edge I waited unto they were real close the decided that I’d had enough. I walked out of the water right in front of them. The young man was looking at me as the young woman kept talking. 

I stood in front of Luke who turned up the vibrations in the egg to the maximum and I was almost dancing on the spot and holding my pussy and right tit as the couple turned and walked back. This time both of them looked at me and neither of their faces looked like they were upset at seeing a naked, young teenage girl with 2 older teenage boys.  

I don’t think that either of them heard my swearing as the orgasm hit me.


“So, what now?” I asked when I was able to talk in joined-up speech.

“You young lady are going to sit down on this towel,” Luke said, “and I’m going to video you squeezing that egg out and the pushing it back in.”

“Good,” I replied, “I haven’t been able to watch me giving birth to the egg yet. When we get back home do you think that you will be able to play the videos that you’ve made on the big TV so that I can see myself larger than life? You can invite your mates for the premier if you like.”

“I might have known that you’d think of something like that Hannah.” Ashley said.

“What’s wrong with it?” I asked.

“Nothing, just so long as our parents don’t see it.”

“You’d better fix it up for when they are out, and get your mates to bring some popcorn.”  

“Are you going to push it up your hole and we can eat it out of you?” Ashley suggested.

“That’s an idea but it might get a bit messy and you might not get all of it out.”

“We could push the hosepipe up you and flush it out.” Ashley again suggested.

“Now I like that idea Ash, all that water rushing out of me might make me cum.”

“There’s that hosepipe back at the campsite,” Luke said, “maybe we could use that on you when no one else is around.”

“I could wear that little kids skirt, that would make it easy to do.”

“Right, we’ll do that when we get back.” Luke said, “now stick that butt down here and lean back on your elbows.”

I did, and as soon as Luke had his camera in front of my pussy, I started squeezing my pussy muscles and the egg started to see daylight. Out it popped onto the towel and I felt proud of myself.

“Put it back in for her Ash.” Luke said.

The camera was still recording as Ashley gently pushed the egg into my vagina. Just as soon as the widest part was inside me the whole thing disappeared and Luke switched it on.

“Fuck Luke, I wasn’t expecting that.”

“Good, now can you squeeze it out?”

“Maybe I don’t want to, I like it.”

“Come on Hannah, you can have it back in and vibrating when I’ve recorded it coming out vibrating.”

I squeezed, but just as Ashley said that it was coming out, I stopped pushing and it naturally got sucked back in.

“Do that again.” Luke said.

I did, twice, and I was pleased that I could control it like that, but the next time that I pushed I didn’t stop and out it popped and it started dancing on the towel. Ashley picked it up and immediately dropped it.

“Bloody hell girl, you like it doing that inside you? What the hell is it doing to your insides?”

“I have no idea, but they wouldn’t sell them if they could do any damage, and I feel okay after it comes out so I’m pretty sure that it isn’t harming me. Can one of you put it back inside me please?”

Ashley did, and said that he liked the way my vagina grabbed it and pulled it in quickly.

“It might do that with your cock if it wasn’t attached.” I said.

“Don’t you go getting any ideas girl.” 

“As if.”


“So,” I said after a few seconds silence, “back to the same question, what now?”

“Well, I was thinking that maybe you could put that holey dress on and we could walk around town and see how many people realises what they can see through the holes.”

“Or sticking out through the holes.” I added. “That’s good with me, just so long as we head for where all the people are, I don’t want to be walking down deserted streets.”

And that’s what we did. I didn’t really feel naked as we walked about and I guess that technically I wasn’t, even though people could see my tits, slit and butt.

Down on the beach we wandered around looking at what was going on for ages with me forgetting that people could easily see through my ‘dress’ and at one point I found myself wishing that I was wearing my lingerie ‘bikini’ which covers more of my important bits than the dress does.

Luke gave the remote control to Ashley and I guess that some girls would say that he made their lives hell as he gave me very random sessions that kept taking me to the edge and once over the edge; but I didn’t count it as hell, I loved every second of it, especially when my shivering and shaking was in front of young men who were looking at me.

We stopped at the ice cream stand again and the same man stared at my nipples and made them, and my pussy tingle - again, although Ashley was playing with the remote control all the time.

We even went into the amusement arcade again, and I had another go on the pinball machine. I have no idea if anyone looked at my butt and pussy as I was bent over a bit playing the game, I never bothered to look and there was no one behind me when I finished.

Eventually, we decided to go back to the campsite and cook whatever food we had left. I didn’t want to risk getting any fat or food on my new ‘dress’ (well that was my excuse, not that I really needed one) so I took it off as soon as we got back to the campsite and remained naked for the rest of the day.
 
It was our last night of me being fucked by both my brothers and not knowing which of them was doing what to me.

******

Our last day camping and I woke up before Luke and Ashley but went back to sleep to get woken up later in the best possible way. After being woken by being fucked and I was told that I could take the blindfold off, I asked if either of my brothers was going to tell me who had fucked me on which nights.

“Nope, it’s going to be a mystery for the rest of your life.”

I didn’t know what to say, on the one hand I wanted to know but on the other hand I liked the mystery of not knowing. I wondered what it would be like to be fucked by one of the older boys at school and not know which one. Maybe even getting gang-banged with a blindfold on. The thought of going around school looking at a boy and wondering it it was him who had fucked me was making me tingle and wet.


We had decided that we would just go down to the little beach at the campsite for a couple of hours before dad came to pick us up and I decided that I wasn’t going to put any clothes on until we saw daddy’s car driving onto the field.

I went out of the tent first, still naked, and got on with getting breakfast ready. As I was doing so the family with the girl and boy that I had met walked by so I stood up and waved to them. The mother gave me a filthy look, the father smiled and the kids waved back.

Why is it that mothers and middle-aged women appear to be disgusted by nudity? Is it just a case of jealousy because they’ve not kept their bodies in shape? What on earth could they be trying to protect their kids from? We’ve all got bodies and there’s basically only 2 types so what’s the big deal? I know that I will never get like them.

Anyway, Luke came out of the tent carrying my egg and some new batteries for it.

“Are you going to make the journey home more interesting?” I asked.

“Hadn’t thought about that, but it’s a good idea. Don’t forget to leave a towel out of the bags so that you can sit on it, we don’t want dad finding a wet stain on the car seat.”

“Good idea bro, so you are going to torture me and make me cum in the car?”

“Of course, I don’t want you to get bored do I? Spread your legs so that I can push this in and I think that I’ll just edge you all day, make you as horny as hell.”


After breakfast I wrapped my towel round me and we all went to the toilets then the showers. As we would be leaving quite soon I decided to carry the towel when I went back to our tent and I was disappointed that no one saw me and I thought that the next time we go camping we should go to a bigger site with more people there.


Back at the tent I started packing things away whilst I waited for Luke and Ashley to get ready to go to the beach. When they were ready Ashley asked me if I was going to the beach like I was (naked) or if I was going to put something on.

“I’m going like this, what’s the worst that can happen if someone gets upset?”

“The farmer will tell us to leave.”

“And when is dad coming to collect us?”

“Okay, my little nudist sister, let’s go.”


We headed over to the path down to the beach, not seeing anyone until we were half way down when a young man came running up. As he got close to me I looked at his eyes and was pleased to see that they were looking at my body. Just as we were getting to the beach the young man passed us, stepped on the sand then started running back up, looking at me again.

“I wonder what he’s training for.” Luke said.

“Maybe he just wanted to get another look at Hannah.” Ashley said.

I smiled and hoped that Ashley was right.


On the beach there was only the 2 boys that I’d played with when we’d been down there before, and their parents. As we passed them we all said hello and I saw the mother’s raise her eyebrows and the father’s smile. Both boys looked at me with total indifference.

We put our towels down further along and Luke said that I needed some sunblock on me. I stood in front of him as he covered me from head to toes. Needless to say that Luke paid particular attention to my tits and pussy, and I spread my legs to give him better access to me whilst I looked over to the family. 

Only the father was watching me as Luke fingered me and making me cum.

Luke having achieved both his goals, he slapped my butt and told me to go and play.

I gave him a filthy look and said,

“I’m not going to play with their cocks, they’ll be way too small for me, can I play with yours?”

“Hannah.” Luke said, knowing that he didn’t have to say anymore. 

I walked into the water and started splashing as I walked along the water’s edge. Then the egg burst into life. I turned and looked at Luke but he wasn’t looking my way. I climbed up onto the rocks and was stood looking out to see at the passing boat, goodness only knows how far away.

Then I looked along the beach and saw the 2 boys walking my way. I stayed looking out to sea but spread my legs apart. The boys came right up to me and looked up at me. I looked down at them and saw that they were both looking at my pussy.

“You haven’t got your bikini on.” One of the boys said.

“We’re going home this afternoon and it got packed with the rest of my stuff.” I replied.

“Are you going home like that?”

“I might do, it depends on what daddy says when he gets here.”

“My mum wouldn’t let us go out of the tent without any clothes on.”

“Would you want to?”

“No, mummy says that it’s naughty.”

“Well I don’t think so, I like going outside without any clothes on, it feels nice.”

And it certainly did because Luke was making the egg make me cum and I had had real trouble saying that last sentence. I orgasmed stood there with the boys looking up at my spread pussy.

“Are you alright?” One of the boys said, maybe not for the first time. “Are you peeing yourself?”

“I’m okay now, and I wasn’t peeing myself.”

“But a bit of liquid came out of your, your pussy.”

“That wasn’t pee, it’s something that girls do sometimes.”

“Oh, do you want to go shell hunting?”

“Okay, maybe we’ll see some little fish or crabs or an octopus. It might grab your leg and pull you out to sea.” I answered.

“No it won’t, I’m too strong for that.”


I climbed down and we started slowly walking along the beach looking for shells but all we found was a few small, round, multicoloured stones. They looked cute but nothing special. We were soon at the other end of the beach and climbing on the rocks. One of the boys started to climb quite high and I heard his mother shouting for him to get down. 

Meanwhile, I too was climbing and I was soon higher than both boys had. I was stood on a little ledge and I turned to look down at the boys, both were looking up at me. I spread my feet some more and one of the boys said,

“Are all girl’s pussies like yours?”

I laughed as the other boy told him not to be stupid and that of course they were.

“That’s not strictly true.” I said, “your cocks change and get bigger as you get older and girl’s pussies change as they get older. You see that little lump of skin near the front of my slit, well that only started growing about a year ago, and that little shiny bit in the middle of the lump is my clitoris. If I rub it I feel very nice. If I rub it a lot it makes me have an orgasm.

“What’s an orgasm?” One of the boys asked.

I swear that Luke can tell what I’m saying even when he can’t hear me because right then he turned the egg on.

The ledge was quite narrow and I didn’t want to cum whilst I was stood there just in case I fell off, so I quickly climbed down then told the boys to follow me a little further along the rocks to somewhere where I could sit on a rock and not be seen by the boy’s parents but the boys still could. Then I said,

“An orgasm is a wonderful feeling that a girl or boy gets when then play with their pussy or cock and the feeling gets so good that you feel like you are going to die.”

“I don’t want to die.” 

“I said FEEL like you are going to die, you don’t die, I’ve had hundreds or orgasms and I’m still alive.”

“But I haven’t got one of those clitoris things so I can’t have an orgasm.”

“No you haven’t but you have a cock and if you hold it with your fingers and move your hand up and down it will get hard and then eventually you will have an orgasm and cum.”

“What’s cum?”

“It’s when a boy shoots some white creamy liquid out of his cock.”

“You mean pee?”

“No, this white creamy liquid isn’t pee. It comes out of the same hole but it’s definitely not pee.”

“So do girls shoot white creamy liquid out of their pee hole?”

“No, not many girls can squirt cum, but those who can shoot it out of their pussy hole, their vaginas.”

“What’s a vagina?”

I spread my legs wide, then pulled my pussy lips apart and pointed to my vagina which was slightly open and very wet.

“That hole is my vagina, it’s where babies come from.”

“That’s way too small for a baby to come out of.”

“Vagina’s can stretch to be much bigger.”

“What’s that liquid all over your pussy?”

“That’s lubrication for when I have sex with a man.”

“Are you going to have sex with a man now then?”

“No, my body is getting ready for it just in case.”

“Why, you said that you aren’t going to have sex.”

“I’m not. My brain know that I’m not but my body doesn’t.” 


Luke had been getting me really worked up by the egg and the little anatomy lesson on top of that was just too much for my and I started to cum with the 2 boys just staring down at me.

“That was an orgasm.” I said when I was able.

“But you weren’t rubbing that clitoris thing.”

“No, but there are other ways that a girl can have an orgasm.”

“I’m going to look for fish and crabs stuck in little rock pools.” One of the boys said as he turned and walked away. The other boy turned as well.

“I guess that that was too much of an anatomy lesson for one day.” I thought to myself, and I got up and followed them, both thankful and not thankful that Luke had turned the egg down so that it was just making me think about it.


After a while the boys got bored again and we walked over to their parents. I stood about 1.5 metres in front of the father while the boys talked to the mother. While the father stared at my naked front the boys talked then took the ball that the mother passed them.

“Come on.” One of the boys said.

I smiled at the father and turned and walked after the boys. As I walked I heard the mother say,

“You’d think that the 2 men that she is with would give her something to wear.”

“Maybe she doesn’t want to wear anything.” The father replied.

The mother said something back but I didn’t hear enough to work our what.


The 3 of us kicked the ball about for a while then I heard Luke shouting for me. When I went over to him he told me that it was time to go and that dad would be on his way to collect us.

I shouted ‘bye’ to the boys as we walked to the path up to the campsite. As we went up a youngish couple were coming down. They stood to one side to let us pass them and as soon as we passed them I heard the young man say,

“There, you can sunbathe nude on this beach.”

I didn’t hear the reply.


Back at the tent we started packing things and were just about to drop the tent when Ashley told us that dad was arriving. I went to where I had put out a skirt and top and was just pulling the tank top down as dad’s car pulled up. I don’t know if he saw me half dressed or naked even, but after saying hello he stood and watched us take the tent down and put it in the bag, me bending over a lot to get the pegs out and bag them.

As we were loading the car I heard dad say to Luke,

“Has she even worn any underwear whilst you’ve been here?”

“No dad, but it’s no big deal, she’s just our little sister, a kid.”

“She’s starting to become a woman, maybe I should get her mother to have a talk with her.”

“It’s okay dad, her and me talk a lot so I’ll take care of it.”


After we’d got home and when Luke and I were on our own, I asked him what he meant about ‘taking care of it’. 

“Fucking your brains out, not that that’s what I told dad.” Luke replied. “No, nothing to worry about Hannah, he’s just realising that you’re growing up.”

“Bloody hell, that’s a bit slow, he’s seen me naked enough times these last few weeks.”


Back to the journey home, I was sat in the back, behind dad with Ashley beside me. I’d remembered the towel and even though Luke couldn’t see me, he still drove me crazy with the vibrator as he talked to dad. It was like he had a mirror on me and could tell when I was about to cum.

My hands weren’t idle either, one caressing my tits under my tank top, and the other busy between my legs as Ashley just watched me and he kept adjusting his shorts to be more comfortable.

Luke and my fingers made me cum 3 times before we got home even if Luke did keep switching the egg off just as I was about to cum.


Back at home we unloaded the car and put things where they belong then I got Luke and Ashley to get out their dirty clothes and I started the washing. I often have to do the washing which I don’t mind because that way mum can’t ask me why there are no bras or knickers in the washing.


Then I went and sat outside. The sun wasn’t that warm but it was enough for me to just sit and relax and reflect on our holiday. I was going to miss the late night and early morning fucks and quite a lot of other things as well but that’s life. I had things to look forward to as well. It was just over a week until school started again. I had a birthday just after I’d started school again and I had already asked Luke and Ashley to invite their mates round whist our parents were at work, not to fuck me, just for me to let them look at me naked and tease them as I fingered myself.

I knew that I’d get a reputation as a cock tease and a slut, although the slut wasn’t technically justified, I didn’t care. 

******  