The difference in Kris once Danny had left was noticeable. His smile reached his eyes for the first time in weeks and his laugh no longer sounded forced. He still looked too thin to Adam despite his continued insistence that he was fine and despite Adam shoving food at him whenever he could get away with it. The only time he really noticed Kris acting tense anymore were the times he’d argued with Katy—and wasn’t that new—moments like the one he had just walked in on.

“I know you’ve been worried,” Kris said, his back to Adam and he couldn’t help but frown at the downward slope of Kris’s shoulders. “I’m fine now.” There was a pause. “Katy, it’s not—“ He cut off and sighed, running a hand over his face. “You know that’s not it. I’ve been tired, that’s all.” As Kris seemed to get more tense, Adam fought the urge to go over and snatch the phone from his grasp and hang up. Instead, he moved out of sight and debated on whether to reveal himself.

“Katy—“ Kris cut off again and then Adam heard the distinct sound of the phone being thrown onto the table.

Adam walked backwards a few steps and then walked forward again, deliberately scuffing his shoe over the floor so that Kris would hear him coming, a habit he’d developed over the last few weeks.

Sending a silent thanks out to the universe for his acting skills, Adam smiled at Kris as he walked into the room. “There you are,” he said. “I’ve been looking all over for you.”

The tense lines around Kris’s mouth disappeared as he smiled a bit. “Did you get lost?”

“Thought you might have actually,” he teased. Kris made a face and Adam laughed as he felt relief come over him. Kris was acting like Kris right now and hopefully it would stay that way. Adam still didn’t know what the hell had happened to cause Kris’s change in attitude but he was grateful that Kris seemed to be relaxing. “We’re going to be late.”

Kris raised an eyebrow even as he began to pick up his things. “For what?”

“Group rehearsal for the finale, remember? Top 13 reunion time!”

Kris’s grip on his phone and wallet faltered and Adam’s stomach clenched as Kris fumbled not to drop either. “What?”

Tilting his head, Adam studied Kris, taking in the sudden rigid set to his shoulders and the way he’d paled. “Yeah. We’re going to work on So What and then the number with just us guys.”

“Right.” Kris’s hands clenched around his phone and wallet before he shoved them each in a pocket, turning back towards Adam. “Yeah, I forgot.” He let out a slow breath. “Let’s go.”

Adam paused before he left the room. “Kris, you know if you need to talk...” he trailed off and watched as Kris nodded.

“Yeah, I know, Adam.”

Kris smiled slightly and Adam just wished he could believe that Kris meant it.

~*~*~

He couldn’t quite remember whose idea it had been for all of the top 13 to go back to the mansion but Adam couldn’t say that he wasn’t enjoying being able to joke around with Allison again.

They all ended up outside in the back, gathered around the pool, sprawled out on the lawn chairs. Kris had been sitting with them, jokingly fighting with Allison over ownership of one of the chairs until they’d come to the agreement to share it. It’d been one of the best things in his entire week to see Kris laughing like that again.

Eventually, Kris had gone off to catch up with Matt, kissing Allison’s cheek and promising to come back later. He watched Kris walk away and bit the inside of his cheek.

“Hey, dude,” Allison pushed at his arm slightly, “what’s up with you? This is a happy night! Besides, you and Kris need to enjoy this while you can since you have to go to bed early. Tomorrow’s the big night.”

Adam smiled. “Yeah, I know, it’s just...” He sighed and turned his head so that he was staring up at the sky. “I’m worried about Kris,” he finally said, making sure his voice was only loud enough for Allison to hear.

“Why? What happened?” He could hear Allison sitting up and turning towards him and he shook his head.

“That’s just it. I don’t know. It’s just a feeling I get. Plus, he’s been acting different.” Adam ran a hand over his face. “I don’t know,” he repeated. “I can’t explain it.”

“What did Kris say when you asked?”

Adam shifted in his seat. “I didn’t.” How did he explain that he felt like if he pushed Kris to talk, that Kris might break?

“Adam!” There was enough exasperation in Allison’s voice to have Adam turning to look at her. The sight of her sitting with her hands on her hips had his lips twitching. “You should ask. Maybe you could help.”

Adam thought of how Kris had acted earlier, the way he’d tensed at the idea of the others coming back and frowned, sitting up. He knew it wasn’t Matt or Anoop, they’d been joking around with Kris earlier, not to mention the fact that Kris had left to go talk to Matt just a few minutes ago. Mike, Scott, and Jorge had also all been gone by the time Kris had started acting differently.

He knew the feeling that he’d gotten a couple of weeks ago was right. Kris’s change in attitude had something to do with Danny but he still had no idea what could’ve happened between the two.

He was pretty certain that if he tried hard enough, he’d be able to pinpoint the time, but that really wasn’t the important part. The important part was figuring out what had happened and how he could help Kris relax again.

“I need to talk to Kris.” He pushed himself up. “You’ll be okay here?”

Allison nodded. “I’ll go talk to Megan. Just go find out what’s going on with Kris.” She glanced over at Matt and paused. “I guess you’ll have to find him first though.”

Adam followed her gaze and nodded, trying to push back the feeling that something was definitely wrong when he looked around the backyard and didn’t see Kris anywhere. “Hey, Matt,” he called. “Where’s Kris?”

Matt pointed at the house. “Said he was going to make sure everything was packed before he went to bed. You headed there too?”

“Some of us have to get up early, slacker.” Adam forced a smile when Matt grinned and flipped him off, elbowing Anoop as he did so. He waved as he headed back into the house, ignoring Matt’s calls about becoming a rock star and heading straight for the stairs that led down to his and Kris’s bedrooms.

This would be the perfect time to talk to Kris.

He froze partway down when he heard Kris’s voice drift up the stairs from his room and Adam knew that tone of voice, had heard it before when Kris was trying to hide what he was really feeling.

“Get out. Don’t come near me.”

Adam began to move again when he heard Danny’s voice answer, wondering how the hell he’d missed the fact that Danny hadn’t been outside. If he hadn’t focused on Matt...

“I helped you before, Kris. I can help again. I see it happening all over again in all of the interviews and even today during rehearsal.” Adam had no idea what Danny was talking about but the feeling from earlier was worse than before and, damn it, it felt like there were more stairs than usual and he would swear that this hallway hadn’t been this long.

“Helped? You think what you did helped?” There was a pause and then, his voice shakier than before, Kris repeated, “I told you not to come near me.”

“This is for your own good. I know I can save you, Kris, just like last time.”

Adam went cold as Kris’s next words seemed to explode out of him.

“What you did wasn’t saving me, it was rape!”