“Knock it off!” Iruka swatted at the scarred hand that tried to slide into his pants. “I have to make sure that this is ready for my substitute!”

“Mm,” Kakashi nuzzled the back of Iruka’s neck. “You’re beautiful, did you know that?”

“You don’t ever get tired, do you?” Iruka grumbled, stuffing everything into a folder and tilting his head forwards slightly.

“Your appetite is as good as mine is,” Kakashi slowly stroked the waistband of the loose sweatpants Iruka was wearing. “It’s amazing.” He gently started to trace lines with his tongue to connect the hickeys and bite marks on Iruka’s neck and shoulders. “And I’m finally allowed to touch you. I’d have to be catatonic or brain-dead to pass this opportunity up.”

“Didn’t I already tell you that flattery would get you nowhere?”

“Are you done yet?”

“Almost.” Iruka got stiffly and slowly to his feet, pushing the amorous jounin off of him and shuffled over to his door. He felt the blue eye watch him as he stuffed the folder into his mailbox.

“Do you need me to heal you again?” Kakashi asked, sounding concerned.

“I think there’s a limit to how many times a person can be healed in a day and I’m pretty sure we’ve crossed it at least three jutsus ago.” Iruka snapped.

“So, no more tonight?”

“No!” Iruka glared. Kakashi had no right to act like this! It wasn’t Iruka’s fault that he hadn’t gotten laid in forever before the stupid Copy Ninja had come along! He was still sore, even after the last healing jutsu! “It isn’t like you’ve been deprived all day!”

Not that Iruka was complaining; it was just that Kakashi needed to be reminded of the fact that despite the fact that the afternoon had been very enjoyable, there were repercussions.

The jounin lazily got up and sauntered over, pale skin standing in stark contrast to the scratches and bruises that littered his torso. “It’s not that I didn’t get any…I don’t think I’ve gotten enough, Sensei.”

“Seven times in one afternoon wasn’t enough?!” Iruka’s hands balled up into fists.

“Nine,” Kakashi smugly corrected. “And do you really think I’d be satisfied with only nine times after I’ve finally gotten a taste of what a real relationship with you is like?”

Iruka swung his fist at the smirking face. “Get used to—”

Kakashi caught his fist and used the momentum to pull Iruka in close and kissed him.

Iruka smacked him with his cast. “We were having a discussion here!”

“No, we weren’t. You were going to yell at me instead of spending time making the most of the fact that we have free time now.” He scooped up Iruka and hauled him into the bedroom.

“I’ve already said no more sex!” Iruka snarled as Kakashi dumped him on the messy bed.

The Copy Ninja tsked. “Now, now, Sensei, not everything is about sex, even with someone as hot and horny as you are.” He crawled on to the bed, looming over Iruka. “What if all I wanted to do was cuddle?”

The teacher snorted. “I doubt that, because you’re a crazy idiot who can’t keep his mind out of the gutter for even two seconds!”

“Oh, Sensei, stop it! You’re going to make me blush!” Kakashi caught the leg that was trying to kick his knee out and hooked it over his waist. He tugged Iruka off balance and tucked the chunin against his chest as he tugged a blanket over them both. “Much better.”

Iruka growled, but didn’t pull away. Kakashi was warm and his chest was firm under Iruka’s head. It not only was deliciously intimate and comfortable, it wasn’t sitting.

“You need a bigger bed.” The pale man murmured into brown hair a moment later. “Not that I don’t like how close we are, but this doesn’t exactly leave a lot of room for experimentation.”

“What the hell do you mean by that?!”

“Rumour has it…” Kakashi breathed hotly, “that you have an…unconventional streak in bed and I want to see how much of it’s true.”

“YOU started that rumour!” Iruka hit the pale chest in frustration, much the same way one hits a brick wall in anger.

“Tsume-san started that one back when we first started dating.”

“We weren’t dating then!”

“If it makes you happy to say that, then okay.” Kakashi winced as Iruka dug his heel into his back.

“What would you call it?” Iruka asked darkly, voice warning of dire consequences.

“Let’s see, we were going out together and were exclusive—”

“Wait a damn second!” Iruka squawked, realising where this was going.

“—And I trusted you when I was vulnerable…I don’t know, dating, maybe?” The jounin grinned as tightened his grip, effectively pinning Iruka’s arms and preventing another punch to the face. “Now, Sensei, I’m comfortable right now and I’d hate to move.”

Iruka glared at him and decided that arguing with imbeciles was beneath him.

And it had nothing to do with how sore he was.

Besides, Iruka now knew where Kakashi slept.

As the pale man lightly kissed his forehead and murmured ‘good night’ in a smug voice, Iruka began to figure out exactly what he could get away with before things fell in the category of ‘abuse’; surely rotten tomatoes were considered ‘not abusive’…