Exhibitionist Mary
by mary_is_hot©


It's the twelfth of October and a couple of my friends are sleeping over. We are 
playing truth or dare and we've let out a lot of our secrets, including my 
secret exhibitionist dreams.

"Mary, truth or dare?"

"Um... dare."

"I dare you, to... you'll see. Let's get in the car."

Aisha and I followed Mindy to her car. Once we were inside, Mindy instructed me 
to take off my underwear.

"What? I can't do that!" I protested.

"Don't worry. No one will know. It's dark outside."

"And fucking freezing!"

All the same I obliged, slipping my slightly damp panties from under my short 
skirt. Mindy held out her hand and I passed them to her. She held them to her 
face and inhaled my musky scent. She instructed me to take off my bra, which I 
also did.

She took out a pair of scissors and cut my underwear to pieces.

"There. No going back now."

I shivered, partly from the cold, partly from fright and partly from my arousal.

Mindy started to drive away.

"Hey, Minds? Whee are we going?" asked Aisha.

"Wait and see."

"Please tell me..." I begged.

"Maybe," Mindy wavered. "But Aisha has to take off her top."

Aisha, obviously too curious for her own good, pulled off her tank top, exposing 
her small but round 36B breasts, enclosed in a lacy balcony bra.

Mindy nodded in approval, and looked as if she was about to slide her hand up 
her skirt, before she stopped herself and informed us, "Okay. We're going 
shopping. I have a series of tasks for Mary to do."

I shivered again, and we traveled the rest of the way in silence.

We arrived at the shopping mall five minutes later. Mindy told me to take my 
phone out of my bag, and get out of the car. She would call me to tell me of 
each task, all the time watching from a hiding place to make sure I was 
behaving.

We tested this. My phone rang and I turned round to see Mindy giggling.

"You see that group of men? I want to to walk past them, drop your phone, and 
bend over to pick it up, making sure they get a good view of your beautiful 
pussy."

I pressed the terminate call button and did exactly as Mindy said. The men wolf 
whistled and I saw a flash as one of them used his phone to take a picture.

It was sick, but I loved being exposed this way.

My next task was to go into a lingerie store and get some bras to try on. But 
there was a catch - I had to "get stuck" and get a saleswoman to help me.

I wandered into a shop, and the air conditioning was refreshingly cool on my hot 
shaven pussy. I walked around, accumulating a selection of slutty bras, 
including some shelf bras and see-through ones. I smiled at the sexy female 
assistant and made my way to the fitting room. I slipped my top over my head and 
put on a bra, leaving the clasp undone. 

"Excuse me, miss? I need some help. I'm, um, stuck."

The gorgeously curvy assistant entered, and I kept my back to her until she was 
right behind, and then turned to expose my full 32D breasts to her, right in her 
face. In her shock her mouth fell open and I took this as my cue to shove one of 
my, by now, very hard nipples inside. Her lips closed around it before she 
realized what she was doing, and fell back.

I knew she wouldn't tell anyone, and I moved on to my next task. I had to pee in 
a public place, preferably on someone.

I walked into a club, and made my way straight to the ladies room. Sure enough, 
a tall, sexy sexy sexy blonde had just exited. I strutted towards her and put my 
hand on her waist. She reacted by doing the same to me. Obviously she swung the 
same way as me. I slid my hand up her top, and she moved her head towards me and started kissing my neck. Neither of us wanted to take things slowly and soon she was lying on the floor and I was straddling her stomach. Suddenly her hands 
froze on my breasts and she screamed, "I'M CUUUUUMMING" just as I let myself go 
and peed all over her. I removed my fingers from her sweet pussy and licked 
them, still peeing. She was too involved in her orgasm to notice my piss, and I 
moved to her pussy as she squirted her pussy juice all over me. I licked up as 
much as I could and left her there.

My last task was to strip completely. By now I had no fears, so I took off my 
clothes in the elevator and left them there. As the doors opened I ran from 
there to Mindy's car, enjoying the feeling of the eyes all over my boobs and my 
pussy. It almost brought me over the edge. As soon as I got into the car Mindy 
started teasing me by rubbing my clit, and as she slid her fingers into me I 
came so hard and so long I forgot where I was. She bit my breasts as I was lost 
in my orgasm, and she licked my pussy and stroked my breasts and my clitty again 
as I did the same to her.

It was a night I will never forget.




 