Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own parts of the plot.

Warning: implied rape

Chapter Four: Slaying the Beast

The king's death knell didst toll;
When the prince was swallowed whole. 

Atem crawled out of his cave, shaking the water off him as he stumbled to the shore. His stomach still didn't feel right, but it was recovered enough for him to go hunting later. Hopefully he would be able to keep food down this time. He clambered up onto the bank, feeling his limbs shake. Atem shook his head mournfully, finding a good place to stretch out in the sun, closing his eyes and letting his breathing slow until he was almost slipping into a torpor.

His body told him that he needed this, an extended time out in the sun to counteract the way his stomach rebelled, hopefully warming him enough to find some food. His head told him that he was taking a stupid chance. A knight could come along at any moment and try to slay him. But he hoped that the disappearance of the last knight would be enough to deter them for a while.

The sounds of hooves scraping on the rocks made Atem open his eyes. A deer was picking its way down to the water, obviously ignoring him. There was only one reason for that type of behavior; the deer thought he was dead. Atem resisted the urge to growl at the creature. Did he really look so bad that it was easily assumed that he was dead? It shouldn't have mattered to him, but the thought rubbed against his already raw nerves.

He pushed the thought to the back of his mind, sliding his eyes partially shut as he waited for the deer to move closer, wanting to waste as little energy as possible. Atem saw the deer pause when it finally got a good look at him, nostrils flaring as it seemed to realize its mistake. The dragon leapt from the ground, pinning the deer to the ground with one hand as he spread his wings out to cover his kill. It was a useless gesture, there would be no other dragons to try and take his kill away from him. Atem snarled and ripped a chunk of meat from the dead deer, blood splattering onto his claws as he hastily consumed the mammal, not pausing long enough to think. His stomach might rebel against this meal if he even thought back to the knight. Atem grumbled deep in his throat as he tossed another bloody chunk of meat down his throat.

All too soon, the deer was pelt and bones. Atem walked over to the river, standing in the middle of the current as he watched the blood was from his claws, dipping his head in to clean the blood from his muzzle. He raised his head, eyes widening as he heard the sound of people moving through the forest. The tip of his tail twitched nervously as he searched for them, and found them already too close.

Four humans, three mounted and one on foot, walked through the forest, heading for the trail that led them down to the river. None of them had noticed him, their attention fixed on the white haired man who was seated on the mule and was distracting them. Atem found himself holding his breath until they had disappeared around a bend, the move taking them from the edge of the forest. He had a few minutes before they had another chance to see him.

He turned his head, his heart beating faster as he saw that one of the humans had stopped and was staring at him. Atem found he incapable of thought for a moment, claws flexing in the river bed as the human continued to stare at him. It would end here. The humans would come after him and he would have to fight all four of them off. Today, he didn't want to; it was his first day feeling nearly normal in weeks. Any move made toward that one human would be noticed by the rest. But, maybe, if he was quick enough…

Atem crouched; ready to spring from the river and kill the human when he stopped, noticing the human's frantic look toward where the rest of his companions had disappeared. He opened his wings, ready to fly still when faint memories tickled at the back of his mind. Why would this human look familiar? He had never met a human that he bothered to remember, they were all trying to kill him.

He stood up straight as the human mouthed something and pointed frantically back upstream. Atem looked at the waterfall and then back at the human. The motion was repeated before the human made a dismissing motion, the message finally sinking into Atem's confused mind. This human was giving him the chance to escape, a strange action for ones obviously searching for dragons to kill. Maybe this one was just giving him false hope. Atem lowered his head with a growl, taking a step toward the human. He couldn't take this chance.

"Yugi!" Atem froze at the familiar name, watching as the human turned in the saddle and shouted back down the path, "I'm coming! Give me a moment!"

Yugi turned back around and motioned for Atem to escape again before urging his horse down the path. Confused, the dragon folded his wings along his back before shaking his head. He wasn't quite sure if he could trust the human, but he would have a better chance if he remained quiet. Atem began moving upstream, rushing as he heard the sound of horses getting closer. He shoved himself under the waterfall, wincing when he heard a cry from one of the riders.

He spun around, drawing the tip of his tail into the cave, backing toward the back and looking around at the collection of equine armor that he had. He sought a piece out with his claws, already feeling fire licking at the back of his throat as he called up his other weapon. If he was lucky, they would just leave. But he was ready to fight.

Mahad leapt from his horse, bending his knees to cushion his landing as he splashed into the river, yanking his sword from where it was secured on the saddle. As he reached up for his shield, careful to avoid the twelve teeth that were set along the edge, he noticed that the poet and Yugi had followed him. He scowled and led his horse over to the bank, giving it a light slap on its rump to send it over to Yugi. "All of you get out of here. That thief knows best, stay hidden."

"But…how else am I going to get this moment if I do not witness it?" The poet pouted until Bakura emerged from the trees, grabbing the reins of the mule and beginning to lead the creature back into the cover of the trees.

"I'm sure you'll live Ryou. I, for one, don't want Thoth to be eaten."

Ryou scowled at Bakura before slipping from the back of the mule, turning and crossing his arms to glare at the thief. "I want to see at least one dragon slaying."

"It's not as great as you think it is." Bakura reached out to yank the poet back only to have the man evade his grip. The thief rolled his eyes and began leading the mule back into the trees. "Have it your way, just remember that you are the one who cannot stomach me killing a rabbit."

Mahad rolled his eyes at the banter, staring at Yugi until the young man looked up, the usual life to his purple eyes suddenly gone. The knight felt slightly worried by this change in his charge, but brushed it off quickly. There was a dragon to kill. And this one had to be the one who had shared his heart with Gozaburo, so then the false king would finally fall. He motioned for Yugi to take the horses back as he turned to walk upstream.

"Do you really have to kill it?" Mahad stiffened at the question that Yugi asked him, turning around to look at the young man. Yugi must have seen the answer in Mahad's eyes, looking away and beginning to back the horses away. "What reason is there?"

"Do you want your kingdom back?" The knight turned and waded upstream, not seeing the shocked look on Yugi's face. He did hear the sounds of the poet scrambling over the stones that littered the banks, muttering verses to himself. Mahad rolled his eyes and pushed on, his eyes fixed on the sheet of water that fell. The dragon was somewhere behind there. Mahad shifted into a crouch, tightening his hand on the hilt of his sword. "Come out dragon, and we can finish this quickly."

There was a loud growl that could have been mistaken for the sound of the waterfall. "I have no desire to be slaughtered, knight. I enjoy my life well enough."

"Well enough to ruin a whole country. You and your rotten heart!"

A roar echoed from the cave, accompanied by a piece of armor that clattered onto the shore, silencing the poet as he clambered over the rocks. Ryou squeaked and dove for cover, peeking out from behind a rock. Mahad glanced over at Yugi, eyes narrowing as he noticed that the young man hadn't drawn his sword. Yugi was supposed to be the back up incase Mahad's first assault failed. He shook his head, wondering what had gotten to the youth.

"Want to accuse me of something else, knight? Or would you slay me with your false words instead of that sword?" Mahad walked into the waterfall, raising his shield to block the flow of water from pummeling him to his knees. He squinted into the sudden darkness of the cave behind the waterfall, feeling something nudge against his leg before he had to duck to avoid a blast of fire.

Mahad stared at the fire that flickered along the surface of the water for a moment before it was put out, wondering if he had ever seen a dragon breathe fire in such a dark color. He shook his head and stood up. "It's a little damp for fire."

There was a snarl from the dragon, the water sloshing as the creature moved. Mahad inched out from behind his shield, getting a glimpse of the dragon's shadow in the darkness. A smile touched the corner of his mouth. He recognized this dragon, it had to be the one from that night. All his problems would be solved in one fell swoop. Mahad lunged forward just as the dragon did, cursing as he felt the breeze from the dragon's flight as it leapt over him.

The knight rushed from the cave, running over to where Yugi held the horses. He didn't look at his young charge as he fumbled in the saddle backs before pulling out a rope. Mahad looked up, watching as the dragon flapped to gain height above the river, water still dripping from its wings. Mahad took the chance and threw the rope, tugging back as the loop at the end landed around on of the dragon's hind feet. The dragon turned with a snarl, the light catching on its scales and making some of them seem red.

Mahad scowled as he released the rope, letting it play out until the small log at the end freed itself from the saddlebag, dangling below the dragon as it flew off, probably thinking that it was safe. Mahad threw himself back onto his horse, jerking the reins out of Yugi's hands before sending his horse after the dragon. There was hesitation before the sound of more hoof beats sounded behind him, which meant that Yugi was following him.

He was tempted to tell Yugi to go back, but he had bigger things to worry about. Like the dragon, who had realized that something had been attached to him. Mahad watched with a detached sense of awe and the dragon nearly flipped itself over, front claws scrambling at the rope that ensnared his hind foot. Most dragons when trapped like this tried to bite the rope off while in normal flight, the instinct to flee too much for them.

The dragon didn't have much time to mess with the rope, because the log stuck in the junction of two trees in the forest, the sudden pull sending the dragon to the ground. Mahad gave a breathy cheer before urging his horse on, hauling on the reins to get the animal to stop as he dropped to the ground, his sword still in his head.

In front of him, the dragon writhed on the ground, snapping at the rope that had tangled around a fallen log as well. It growled, eyes moving from the rope to stare at Mahad. The knight froze at the hatred in those crimson eyes. He didn't remember the dragon having red eyes or red scales before, but it could have changed over the years. Mahad shook his head, clearing himself of his worried before striding forest.

The dragon, which had previously been watching him from his stomach stood up, tail lashing. He titled his head so he could look at Mahad, his teeth bared. "What now knight? Will you take a prize from me like you did those others? Will my hide bring you any more money?"

"While the money helps, this is more about the pleasure."

The dragon snorted, red eyes darkening in anger. "You are one of those knights who enjoy the pleadings of their victims. I will tell you now, that I will never plead for my life."

"I don't expect you to." Mahad lunged forward, the move turning into a block as the dragon swung its claws at him, hissing at the motion. The knight nimbly stepped backward, eyes widening as he saw a break in the pattern of scales. He aimed for the shoulder, pressing the point of his blade into the disturbance of the pattern. The dragon reared back on its hind legs, roaring in back before it breathed fire, the flames flickering around Mahad as he retreated; shield rising to shield his face.

In doing so, he missed the dragon's smirk and the rope that he straddled. The dragon dropped back to the ground, raising the leg that had the rope attached. Mahad yelped as the rope whipped up, catching him in the groin before he was thrown to one side, landing on the ground and curling into a fetal position. He groaned, raising one hand to grope for his sword, only to find it was not within reach.

Mahad looked up quickly, seeing the glint of the blade in the dirt. He rolled onto his stomach, ready to crawl to the sword, when he felt pressure on his back. Mahad turned his head to see that the dragon was staring down at him, a hand pressing him to the ground. The knight struggled under the weight, gasping as the dragon pushed down and forced some of the air out of him. He coughed weakly and continued to stare at the dragon, feeling his stomach twist in fear as the beast chuckled. "Now, sir knight, let's hear you beg for mercy."

"Don't hurt him!" The dragon turned his head around with a snarl, the distraction allowing Mahad to push up on his forearms. The knight's dark eyes widened in horror as he saw Yugi rushing over, without a sword. The dragon shifted, switching the hand that held Mahad down quickly to keep the knight in place. He snarled at Yugi, lowering his head to breathe fire in the direction of the boy. Yugi stopped in his tracks, the flames falling just short of him as the dragon pulled back.

"Why shouldn't I? As soon as I let him go, he'll kill me."

Yugi nodded and looked down at his hands, playing with his fingers for a moment before looking up at the dragon. "I understand that. But I can't you kill him."

"This one has killed others."

"I know!" Mahad shifted to get a better view of Yugi, mouth opening in horror as the youth tipped his head up to look at the dragon that loomed above him. "And he has never told me why, but I know that it wasn't their fault. And, every time, I have tried to stop him. So it is my failure and not him that killed all those dragons."

There were holes in Yugi's logic, Mahad could see that. He just wasn't sure that the dragon saw through the young man's bluff. Yugi was probably just trying to lull the dragon into a false sense of security so that Mahad go get his sword. The knight tried to wriggle out of the hold that the dragon had on him, stopping when he saw the head turn to look at him with a low growl, red eyes never leaving Yugi for more than a few seconds. "So, it is your fault that they are all dead?"

Yugi took a deep breath. "Yes."

The dragon roared, moving so he stepped away from Mahad. The knight shot to his feet, dashing over to get his sword and rolling onto the ground to snatch at the hilt and come up with it on guard, a smile on his face. He had bested the dragon easily. Mahad pushed off the ground, looking up as he raised his sword and came to an abrupt stop. The dragon had let him go, but it had chosen to go after Yugi, and it was faster than Mahad had thought.

Yugi was completely caged in by the dragon's mouth, the dragon poised above the young man. Mahad could see him as the dragon shifted, drawing his head back a bit so that his muzzle was no longer touching the ground. The dragon rolled his eyes to look at Mahad, moving his jaws as little as possible as he spoke. "You move without my permission and I will kill him."

"Yugi!"

"Listen to him." Mahad expected Yugi to panic, knowing that if he was in Yugi's place, he would already have been begging for mercy. The knight looked at the dragon before dropping his sword to the ground, bowing his head as he waited for the verdict of the dragon.

The dragon nodded, seeming to have forgotten that he held Yugi captive. Mahad tensed as he heard Yugi yelp in surprise as some of the dragon's teeth pressed against his back with the motion. The knight was tempted to go for his sword again, but stopped, just swaying in place as the dragon noticed the motion and closed his jaws a bit more. Mahad took one look at the prince, who was shaking a bit as he stood trapped, before throwing his hands up in the air. "What do you want?"

"A truce, knight." The teeth rubbed against Yugi again, drawing a shiver from the young man. Mahad glanced up at the dragon before stepping forward. "You and I have similar interests; like getting rid of that false king who sits on the throne."

"He can't be killed. I have to break your control over him with your death." Mahad wavered, dropping his eyes so he wouldn't have to look at Yugi. "And I can't allow you to live. I'm sorry Yugi."

"So be it, but know that my death would not have solved your problems." Mahad's eyes snapped up as the dragon pressed its muzzle back to the ground, teeth closing around Yugi before it raised its head. The dragon gave a low growl as it kept its mouth closed at tipped its head back.

"Yugi!" Mahad stumbled forward, forgetting about his mission to kill the dragon. He fell to his knees, feeling tears gather in his eyes. He had lost his charge, lost the person who had depended on him. And all because he had been unable to get rid of his grudge. The knight trembled, looking up at the dragon.

The creature stopped with its head held at an awkward angle, red eyes suddenly wide and frightened. Mahad saw the dragon's throat work as it tried to swallow. A tremble ran over the dragon before it quickly dropped its head, fixing Mahad with a stare. The knight smothered another cry of distress. Yugi was gone now; it was the least he could do to agree to the terms. He nodded slowly, hating himself for allowing this to happen. "We will work together to defeat Gozaburo."

Mahad watched as the dragon lowered its head, turning it slightly to stare at Mahad before giving a nod of his own. The knight was about to turn away when he noticed an odd ripple in the muscles of the dragon's throat, almost like the creature was trying to keep itself from throwing up. It shifted, mouth seeming to work for a moment before it tipped its muzzle down, opening its mouth and allowing Yugi to fall onto the ground.

The knight rushed to his charge, turning Yugi over to check for any damage. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the Yugi was still breathing, resting a hand on the prince's shoulder before turning to look at the dragon. Surprisingly the creature had backed away from the sword, whole body trembling as it stared off into the distance. Mahad quickly forgot about the dragon as Yugi coughed and sat up, wiping saliva off his face with a disgusted look. The knight gave a chuckle and pulled Yugi into a hug, suppressing his sobs.

He heard the dragon shift behind him, walking back over but still looking shaky. Mahad was tempted to reach for his sword and finish off the creature for making him look like a fool. But Yugi's hand on his arm stopped him, the prince standing up and walking over to look at the dragon. The dragon couldn't seem to meet Yugi's gaze, turning his head away quickly to address the knight. "What is your plan?"

Joey looked up abruptly from the scant meal of molding bread and meat, watching as Tèa walked past, her arms folded across her chest as she paced. He was tempted to tell her to sit down and eat, but was cut off as one of the young children snatched away her portion, disappearing into the evening shadows. Joey shook his head, picking up one of the strips of meat and scowling at it.

Dragon's meat was not the best tasting, even when it had been roasted until it was nearly burnt. There was always an iron tang to the aftertaste and it was always nearly too hot to handle, especially after cooking. It was like the meat itself was trying to absorb as much heat as it could. And it was just vile to eat. Joey swallowed thickly before taking a bite of his meat, nearly gagging on it. It was vile stuff, but it was the only food they could get. Gozaburo prevented them from hunting by his demands for workers in his quarry, which left the women to tend to the gardens most of the time.

The blonde didn't blink as Tèa paced past again, shaking his head slightly as Tristan made a move to stand up and stop her. He waved his friend back down. Let the woman grieve as she wanted to, it would prevent any breakdowns in the future. And, as deaths went, that was one of the worst ones. It was easy to guess that Tèa would be blaming herself for even begging her case to Gozaburo. Joey, personally, respected that spunk, but would never openly say so.

It was better to be quiet now, no matter how much it annoyed him. His personality was just not right for remaining in silence and watching others suffer horribly. But he had to protect Serenity, and he would do anything for his sister.

Joey forced himself to swallow, wiping his hand on his pants before running it through his hair and leaning back. He cast a quick look at the imposing white castle that loomed over them, breathing a long sigh of relief. It was very close to being completed, meaning that the men might have time to bring in the harvest for the frost. If all worked out well, there could be a little more food in the village for the winter. Then it wouldn't be a repeat of last year, stepping over the frozen bodies that littered the paths as the men walked to the quarry.

He jumped out of his musings as Duke walked away from the warmth of the fire, obviously reacting to something that Tèa had said. Joey sat up abruptly, looking at Tristan and trying to decide what the brunette had said to upset his friend. Tristan was no help, just glaring up at Tèa. Joey tensed as the woman placed a hand on his shoulder. "Don't you think we should strike back against Gozaburo?"

Joey brushed Tèa's hand from his shoulder, shaking his head as he did so. "We tried that last time and we ended up with Gozaburo."

"Don't you even want to try?"

"Tèa," Joey leaned forward to look at the fire, making sure to keep Tèa in his line of vision, "I have to think about Serenity."

"Then you are a coward, just like the rest of them!"

"I would rather be a coward than a dead man!" Joey swallowed his pride as he said this, moving to gaze fully at the fire. There had been a time when he would have agreed with Tèa, if he had not seen a sword go into Gozaburo's side and the king come out of the encounter without a scratch. It was never smart to go up against a man who was immortal.

"Fine then!" Tèa turned and ran off, heading out of the village and toward the old castle. Joey stood up to follow her, only to be stopped by a shake of Tristan's head. A long look was exchanged between the two, Joey finally sitting down with a heavy sigh. You looked after yourself and your own, nobody else. Friendship was a strained thing now, almost not worth it in the end. It only meant that there were more people to care about.

"Where's Tèa, big brother?" Joey smiled as Serenity came over to sit by him, raising an arm so she could cuddle into his side.

"She's gone off for a while."

Serenity nodded and directed her blind gaze to the fire, reaching out a hand to feel the warmth that radiated from it. She seemed content to sit like that for a while, finally letting her hand drop back to rest by her side as she leaned into Joey. Mutely, he pushed the remains of his meal toward her, already having lost his appetite from having to allow himself to be labeled a coward. Serenity accepted the food without a protest, already knowing that any argument would end up with her losing.

"I feel sorry for it." Joey looked over to see what she was talking about, finding his sister holding up a piece of dragon meat. He and Tristan scoffed at the same time, the brunette man standing up and wandering away to get and much rest as he could. Joey watched his sister twist the meat in her hand before finally eating it, making a face as she swallowed. "I know we have no choice, but I still pity the dragon."

"Why? They are just pests."

"Really?" Serenity chewed thoughtfully for a minute, swallowing before she spoke again. "I guess they must be if the knights are always hunting them down, but I don't think they should be. They don't bother us like all the stories said they once did. I would understand if we were hunting them for food, but the knights just kill them…for sport. It doesn't seem fair."

"Life isn't fair." Serenity winced at the harsh tone of voice that Joey used, the blonde wanting to take back his words as he watched Serenity wilt.

"I know it isn't, big brother, but still…" She let the topic drop, rocking back to tip her head back to the sky. After a while she raised her hand to trace and outline of a constellation. Joey assumed that she remembered when their mother had pointed it out to them and from here memories of a time when she could still see. Her hand stilled, a smile crossing her face. "A dragon, up among the stars."

Joey looked up at the constellations, a smile crossing his own face. He reached over to guide his sister's finger into a new pattern, remembering when his mother had done this to him, guiding his hand and telling him the stories that accompanied the constellations. "There's the hunter and the flying horse."

Serenity giggled, shifting so her own hand was leading Joey's, a broad motion that moved along the strip of color that was dashed across the sky. "The path to heaven."

The two settled into companionable silence, now tracing the patterns in the sky without saying anything. They knew what they were pointing out, memorization of the constellations making speech useless. They stayed out in the night for as long as they could; trying to avoid going back to the home where they father had probably drunk himself into a stupor. Trying to avoid facing the next day when more abuse would be heaped on them and forgetting themselves to the past.

Gozaburo watched his knights feast, letting them enjoy the last night in this drafty castle before they began to move. He drummed his fingers on the table, absently watching his son and the woman Seto insisted on keeping by his side. Gozaburo snorted in disgust, raising his cup to his lips and taking a long drink. There were no redeeming qualities in the girl. She was too skinny, too pale and her eyes were too strange.

He gripped the golden cup tighter as Kisara giggled at something that Seto said, his hatred for the girl growing. How Seto had stood her for four years was a mystery to him. Four years of fidelity, and Gozaburo had only managed the nights when Seto and Mokuba had been conceived before he rushed after the next woman who caught his fancy. He rolled his eyes and tried to direct his attention to something else in the room.

All around him, the knights who had sworn loyalty to him where celebrating, minus a few; the few that had been sent after the only dragon unintelligent enough to remain in his kingdom. And they had all never come back. Gozaburo had a passing thought, that Mahad could have probably bested the dragon, but he quickly pushed it away. Mahad didn't matter anymore. The knight was off somewhere with the witch's child.

He took another drink of wine, wiping his mouth on his sleeve and turning his gaze to the silver plated pitcher that was beside of him, staring at the distorted reflection. The only problem that remained with the move was the dragon. Gozaburo didn't want to parade his prized pet out in front of all the people, possibly inviting attack. But he didn't want to be separated from the creature for a whole day, because something would get to it. It was better to travel at night, which meant that he would have to remain behind while the rest of his retinue moved on without him. Which meant more time in this castle.

Gozaburo cursed under his breath, turning away to stare at the feast when something caught his eye. He looked at the pitcher, staring at the reflection as he watched a slight woman slink along the edge of the room, reaching up her sleeve for something hidden there. Gozaburo tensed as he saw the flash of a blade, his eyes never leaving the pitcher as he waited for her to come closer. When she had the blade raised over his back, Gozaburo spun around, standing up and slamming the woman up against the nearest wall. Immediately, the noise stopped. The king cautiously glanced over his shoulder, eyes narrowing as he saw that his son was the only one that had remained seated. He shook his head and looked at the woman.

She was quite pretty, if one looked beyond the dirt that was smeared all over her face. He watched the girl tremble for a moment, glaring up at the knife in her hand. "You are either very brave or very stupid."

The young woman squirmed in his grip, glaring at him. Gozaburo just leered back, suddenly bored of the feast. It had been a long time since such a beautiful woman had come into his possession. It would be compensation for having to remain in this horrible place. He reached up and plucked the knife from her grasp, gathering her wrists in one hand as he turned to address the rest of the room. "I have to teach this one a lesson."

There were catcalls from the knights and glares from his son and his woman. Gozaburo ignored this, already tired to their obvious disdain. He was the king; his decisions would not be questioned. It would be best if he removed that woman from his son. Her influence wouldn't be tolerated any longer. He sneered at them before carelessly tossing the knife so it landed quivering in the table right by Kisara's hand. The woman casually looked down at the knife, not moving her hand. Kisara's other hand moved to steady Seto, keeping him from leaping up.

Instead of confronting Kisara, he pulled the would be assassin after him as he retreated to his chambers, speaking in a low voice. "I remember you. You're that girl from the quarry."

"You killed my father."

Gozaburo laughed at her cold tone. "He would have died anyway. I just eased his passage. Don't tell me you would prefer that he would suffer for the rest of his life?"

"He wouldn't have if you had let him go!" Gozaburo rolled his eyes at her outburst, opening the door to his chambers and shoving her in. The woman stumbled back, revealing another knife and plunging it into his shoulder. Gozaburo reeled back, wincing with the sudden pain before roughly pulling the blade out of his shoulder with a smile; ignoring the bellows of pain from the dragon.

He tossed the weapon aside, the wound on his shoulder already healing. The woman stared at him in horrified shock, mouth dropping open as Gozaburo rolled his shoulder. Happily, there seemed to be no permanent damage fro the wound. He smiled at her and pushed her backwards, quickly straddling the woman so she could not get away. He looked down into her shocked blue eyes, noticing they resembled his wife's before forcing her into a rough kiss, only pulling back to whisper in her ear, "You cannot kill me. I am immortal."

Atem glanced up from the deer that he was tearing at, looking oddly at the prince who walked over with an armful of wood and leaving. The human repeated the process, bringing a torch and his pack, two deer, requiring a trip each, and a skinned rabbit. The prince started a small fire, quickly setting up so his rabbit would cook. He looked up at the dragon, gesturing at the deer. "Those are for you."

The dragon blinked slowly, comprehension slow in coming. He lowered his head so he could see eye to eye with the human. Surprisingly, the human kept eye contact. Atem had thought that all humans automatically thought he was trying to steal their soul. There was no reason that this human should have been anything but afraid of him. Atem tipped his head to the side. "Why?"

Yugi shrugged, stepping away from his dinner to stand closer to the dragon. Atem could feel the prince's gaze as the human looked him over, trying to suppress as shudder. He wasn't used to this kind of scrutiny. Finally the human shrugged, his eyes never leaving Atem. "You look like you need it. I can see all your ribs."

The human reached out a hand, hesitating to look at the dragon. "Can I?"

Atem found himself mesmerized by the violet eyes of the human, watching the different colors that the firelight brought out in them. He tipped his head slightly to one side, watching the new shades of violet that appeared, not quite understanding his attraction. It was true that this human was different from the others. The prince seemed to see him as something beyond a dumb beast, which was greatly appreciated by Atem.

His gaze never leaving Yugi's eyes, Atem gave a slow nod. "Yes."

Read and review please. Criticism is appreciated.