Joe's Science Test
by joehard_007

Joe conducts an arousal experiment on a new friend.

It was a typical Tuesday in my college town. Which meant that the local bar was packed as the sun set over the lake. One thing about a Southern college town - lots of hot babes.

I was slightly put off by the crowds at my normal hangout, so I went down to a place which was a classic, but with new owners. The interior was two story, with a tiny bar on the top level, which opened onto a deck overlooking the lake. I decided to take a small table on the lower level, offering me a great view of the lake, while still in the air conditioning.

When the waitress came, I knew I was in the right place. She was a total knockout, big blonde hair and huge tits straining against her tight white tank top. She had on equally tight red shorts which just screamed "look at that tight ass."

"Hey, I am Candy," she said in a perky voice. Definitely the right place.

I ordered a cold beer and some hot wings. She was back in a flash with the beer. As she sat it down I could not help but glance at the big beautiful tits leaning over the table. Damn. She took her time too, giving me an eyeful.

We visited for a few minutes. She was a student, just working part time. I explained I was a post-doc on a research project. Curiously that seemed to interest her. We chatted a bit more and then she was off to a rowdy table of drunk college boys.

I watched her as she worked the room. She was strategic in her attention to the customers. An older couple came in and she was upright and proper, complimenting the lady's blouse. But the college guys got her don't mess with me attitude. She was friendly, but not inviting. She didn't bend over to serve the drinks, and was never positioned so a stray hand might reach out for her shapely ass.

Which got me thinking about her full on breast show when she served me. Did that mean she liked me? I hoped to find out. A devious plan began to form.

Eventually she came back with my wings. "All alone tonight?" She asked.

"Technically I am still working," I said. "I'll be in the lab late and I wanted to take a break first."

"What is your study about?"

Hmm. I had to be delicate here. You see, my study was in the intersection of media and biology. But it was super secret, and had to be private. So I skated around the question.

"It's science stuff, probably not very interesting," I said with a sip of my beer.

"Mystery science," she said with a devilish grin. "I like it."

"I would invite you, but the experiment is private." I said, baiting the hook. "Only me and the test subjects are allowed in the lab."

"And you won't tell me what it is about?"

"I wish I could, but you'd have to become a test subject and fill out papers," dangling the bait a bit more.

She turned and glanced at another table, giving them a wave to indicate she was coming.

"Looks like you are busy," I said, with just enough of a mix of wistfulness and curiosity. I wanted her to know I was asking, but I didn't want to be too obvious.

"I will be back soon," she said as she walked off.

I could see her stealing occasional glances at me for the next five minutes or so.

Then she came over to my table again.

"What time?"

Hooked!

(*)(*)

Candy arrived at the media lab at 11pm, as per my instructions. I ushered her into my labs monitor room. Basically it is a dark room with a one way glass to view the subjects in the lab. Lots of gizmos and gadgets, I was hoping to impress her.

"Wow," she said looking around. Her eyes grew wide as she looked at the computer screens, video monitors, and other devices.

"Big boys and toys," I quipped. But I was pleased at her reaction.

"So, are you going to tell me what this is all about now?"

"Yes, of course," I said, pulling out a chair for her. I then gave her a clipboard with a survey on it.

"You see, we know that as humans we get aroused by certain stimuli," I explained.

"Aroused?" She gave me an arched eyebrow side glance.

"Sexually, yes," I stammered. This was hard to explain to someone so beautiful. "When a person is aroused then biology takes over and there are measurable physical stimuli. This is what we measure here."

"Are you telling me that you measure how horney a person gets?"

"Well, yes. Basically that is what we do," I answered. If she was going to leave, this was the time. I watched her think about it for a long minute.

"It is all confidential of course," I added. "No one will know you participated in the experiment."

That clenched it.

"Okay, I'm in," she said signing the forms.

(*)(*)

Candy was seated in the comfortable recliner we had in the lab. The hospital gown she was wearing was not as hot as her tank top, but it was necessary. She was covered in electrodes to measure everything from skin temperature to heart rate. Only one more instrument needed to be applied.

"So you can tell how excited I get with all these wires?" she asked.

"Well, not completely," I said. I looked at her and took a breath. "There is one more, um area we need to monitor. Your, um, your..."

"Pussy?" She asked with a playful smile.

"Wetness in the vaginal area, yes," I stammered. I held up an instrument which looked like a small silver short test tube with a wire coming out of it.

"Sure, why not?" She said as she sat back and lifted her legs up. I glanced down and it was what I had hoped for, she was shaved nude downstairs with a glistening pussy that seemed to already be somewhat swollen. Nice.

I delicately slid the probe into her vagina, going slowly and hoping that she was enjoying the experience.

"Oh, science is fun," she said as she watched me insert the probe.

I smiled at her and reluctantly pulled her gown back down.

"Now just relax and we will begin in a minute," I said as I went into the control booth.

I toggled the microphone, "Candy, can you hear me okay?"

"Fine," she said.

I dimmed the lights in the lab, and activated the large monitor. Technically it was a see through monitor which served multiple functions. First and foremost it automatically tracked the eye movements of the subjects. We could also see through the monitor, to observe the subject. Finally we saw a transparent dimmed view of what they were seeing, with a red laser pointer type light showing us where they were looking at the moment.

Of course from her side all Candy saw was a large TV.

I began the video, which was a series of stills with some basic music behind it. Flowers, puppies, beaches, sunsets - just basic happy stuff. I saw her meters were all normal. No psycho here, which was good.

Slowly it began to evolve to a faster tempo. People dancing, some holding hands on a beach, long moonlit walks. Again, mostly normal, with some arousal. Okay, not big on the mushy stuff.

Then a techno beat set in and the scenes began to evolve into more erotic images. Flashes of breasts. A nude man with an immense erection. Licking ice cream on a cone in close up. A nude woman arching her back as her hands slid between her legs. Hot stuff.

Now Candy's readings were showing definite arousal. Her eyes were moving quickly from one erotic scene to the next. She always zoned in on dicks and tits. My kinda girl.

Then it grew sensual. People kissing. A couple rubbing hands on each other's wet bodies. A woman talking a long look at an erect penis as she slides it into her mouth.

Hot readings now. I glanced up from the computers in time to see Candy slowly writhing in the chair. Clearly this was getting to her. She was gripping the sides of the chair like a life preserver.

Wow, she was off the charts. I have never seen such levels of arousal!

The video began to increase in tempo and became even more erotic. Graphic even if you want. Cocks sliding in and out of a vagina. A woman licking her fingers before she slides them inside her friends open pussy. Moaning filling the air. One cock, with two girls stroking and licking it.

I watched as Cindy grasped the arms of the chair. I could clearly see what she wanted, but she wasn't giving in just yet. But her fingers were flexing and she was beginning to moan along with the video. Fantastic.

Now I decided to spend a few more minutes at this plateau. I watched as her vaginal readings increased. She was hot, wet, and horny.

Next up - masturbation. The video slowly evolved to a still faster beat. Now it was beautiful women who were running their hands all over their body. Oiled up breasts. Twisting nipples. Fingers moving over their clittoris. Thrusting dildoes inside their vagina. Men jerking off in a field of green. Close up shots of moans on red lips, hair thrashing as they brought themselves to the edge.

Candy looked over her shoulder at the closed door. I knew she was checking to see if anyone was watching her. Good. But surely she remembered that I was watching? Maybe she was okay with that.

In a quick move she pulled up her gown and began to rub her pussy with one hand, the other moving up to cup her breast, which was still covered by the gown. So she pinched and tugged on the cloth as her lower fingers kept dancing to the beat.

Her head was thrown back, but her eyes were still fixed on the beautiful bodies on the screen. How long could she go? I kept the video playing on this section for quite a while. I was hard as a rock and wanted my own release, but I was more interested in her.

After a while, probably five minutes of solid masturbation, I went to the next section of the video. Hard sex. Thrusting, screaming, ass slapping, girls sucking cocks with lots of spit. Men pushing hard dicks into women from behind. Tits bouncing as a woman rides a cock in a reverse cowboy. Sex, and lots of it.

I was a DJ, and Candy was dancing to my beat. I could control her, and I brought her right to the peak. She was thrashing and moaning and using the probe as a dildo inside her. God she was so hot!

No longer able to hold out, I quickly ran out of my booth, into the hall, and quietly opened the lab door. I walked up beside Candy and gently put a hand on her shoulder just to let her know I was there without freaking her out.

"Took you long enough," she gasped as she pulled me over into a hard, wet kiss. Her hands were already unfastening my belt and soon my pants were around my ankles as she held my hard, throbbing cock in her hands.

"What do we have here," she said directly to my penis. "Looks like another science tool."

Then she began to pound it up and down and slid it directly in her wet mouth. Her tongue swirled as she sucked my head and shaft down her throat. It was an amazing feeling. She was still on the recliner, but suddenly she stood up.

My cock was pulsing at attention now. She quickly pulled off her hospital gown and tore off all the science wires and pads. Then she motioned for me to come to her.

I gladly accepted the offer, and crossed to her fantastic nude body right away, kicking off my pants and pulling off my shirt as I went. She grabbed by face with both hands and kissed me hard and deep. Her tongue was alive and my senses were on fire.

"You got me this way, so fix it mister!" She took my shoulders and pushed me down. On the way to my knees I paused just long enough to quickly kiss the erect nipple of her right boob, the lick the other one. She moaned loudly in appreciation, but kept pushing me to my knees.

I knew the vaginal probe was still in her. So I grabbed her thighs and pulled her pussy up to my face. She was moaning now, and began to thrust at me as I licked her clit around the probe wire. Then I bit on the wire gently, and pulled it slowly out of her pussy.

She almost collapsed in orgasm as the instrument slid out of her. I helped the feeling along with licks of my tongue and flicks of my fingers all over her vagina. She was so hot I couldn't stand it any longer. I quickly turned her around and slid my hard dick inside her wet pussy from behind. She was bent over the arm of the recliner and I kept pumping as she began to scream in ecstasy. I hoped the soundproofing of this room was good, because she was loud.

She bent over more and began to pump against me harder and harder. My swollen dick was getting pounded. I was moaning and she suddenly arched up, allowing me to grab both tits as she grinned on my dick. Her pussy tightened on my cock over and over again as she screamed with every pulsing climax. Wet juices ran down my thighs.

Then she slid off me and collapsed into the recliner. She was panting for breath, her hair matted with sweat, and laying there exhausted and nude. I don't think she could have been more beautiful.

But of course, I still had a throbbing hard on to deal with. The screen was still looping the hard sex scenes and I could not stop my hand from wandering down if I had wanted to.

She opened one eye and smiled as she saw my hand wrap around my cock. I slowly began to masturbate right there in front of a pretty girl. And she just watched me with a satisfied look on her tranquil face.

Slowly I walked forward to her. I was between her legs, standing up and stroking my cock right at her. She was smiling and began to move her hand up and down in encouragement.

Then as I felt my load begging to be released, she looked up at me and opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Hot hot hot.

I moved right up to her inviting mouth, and kept stroking my hard dick. Just then she flicked the tip of my penis with her tongue.

The explosion started and I shot loads of hot cum directly into her open mouth. She was surprised by the sheer volume of semen I had built up. She pulled back to swallow as I continued to send stream of cum all over her tits, neck, and hair. She was covered in my jizz, and my body just gave out. I collapsed into her waiting arms and we lay there catching our breath.

