The next time that Dean came to Freak Camp, it was something of a surprise. Dad had found a lead out on a hunt, found some monster that had let slip something that triggered the obsessive alarms in his head. John had carried Dean out of the hotel while he was still trying to wake up, and bundled him in the back seat while he laid out plans and notes and weapons in the front seat and hooked a trailer to the back.

Dean could have sworn he could hear clinking and whimpering noises coming out of the trailer all the way to Nevada.

This time Dean didn’t even have to walk with Dad through the front gates because John drove the Impala and the trailer straight through the big loading gates.

He must have used the portable phone while I was out, Dean thought, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He’d thrown on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt earlier.

While five or six adults swarmed around the trailer, moving something from the inside, arguing with Dad about where it should go and who had “first interrogation rights,” Dean grabbed a deck of cards and a jacket against the chilly morning air.

Dad remembered him, almost absently, as the rest of the people carried a well-wrapped stretcher out of the trailer and into the Special Research building.

“Dean,” he said, “I…don’t know when this will be done, or what I might be able to figure out, or even if these assholes are going to let me be present for the interrogation that I damn well let them have.” He shook his head. “Don’t fucking offer me a bounty and then say I can’t ask a few damn questions. They can keep their fucking money for all I care.”

Dean nodded. “I can hang out, Dad. Not a problem.”

“I won’t be long. I’ll try not to be long. You get into trouble, you give ‘em hell, understand Dean?”

Dean wasn’t exactly sure who he was supposed to give hell to—there were a lot of possibilies, ranging from uppity monsters to fucking Campbells, and various hunters and support personnel in between—but he nodded anyway. He assumed it would be clear at the time, if the situation came up. “Yes, sir!”

“Good boy,” Dad said, and then he was gone in the flurry. He hadn’t even closed up the Impala properly.

Dean took the keys out of the ignition and slammed the door shut, unlatched the trailer—he wondered where Dad had found it at such short notice, if he had stolen it, or actually bought it, or if it had belonged to the monster before he brought it down—and then went in search of Sam.

The dawn was just breaking over the edge of the distant mountains, and when Dean rounded the corner into the central yard of FREACS he had to stop dead. All the monsters were out of their barracks cells, standing shivering in the early morning light, some standing straight as rods, other hunched on themselves from various deformities. Dean watched, amazed, while the dozen or so guards standing around the monsters called out numbers from their yellow clip boards and then looked up to see where they were. Monster after monster called “present” after hearing their number. The guards patrolled, heavily armed, and would occasionally hit a monster that wasn’t fast enough about responding.

It was easy enough to find Sam, standing between a witch and a shapeshifter in the central row. He stared straight ahead, stiller than any kid Dean had ever seen.

The guard that had been holding the clip board suddenly snapped it down. “That’s it then. All you stupid fucks are still here, thank goodness, or we’d have to whip the skin off your monster asses again. No assembly today. Find your assigned section.”

The neat rows of monsters broke up, some going back toward the barracks, some moving in different directions according to assignments. Sam stayed where he was for a minute. Dean wondered if Sam had an “assigned section” or if this would be a decent time to say hi. He really hadn’t thought very carefully about what he was doing. He had just assumed that he would get to hang out with Sam when he came back, and it never occurred to him that maybe Sam would have other things that he would have to do. Though he guessed that maybe it should have occurred to him. Dean shouldn’t fool himself into believing that he was Sam’s whole world or anything.

Then Sam looked up, face expressionless. At least until he saw Dean.

Dean knew when Sam saw him because the younger boy froze, his face a study in shock, and then he completely transformed, everything from his expression to his posture. He straightened and started walking toward Dean, a kind of bounce in his step and a look in his eyes like he couldn’t quite believe that he was actually moving toward Dean.

He looked so excited that Dean felt the little knot of worry in his stomach uncoil and a warm feeling replace it. If Sam was excited too, that meant it was okay for Dean to be glad to see him again. Even if he was a monster.

"Hey Sammy," Dean said, leaning against a fencepost and flicking through the card stack with his thumb. "Told you I'd come back."

Sam lifted his head and beamed at him, the biggest smile in the world, like Dean had just given him a million dollars. It was unnerving. Dean couldn't remember anyone looking at him like that before.

"Hi - hi Dean," Sam said, softly, like he'd almost forgotten how to say his name.

Dean smiled back and reached impulsively to rumple his hair. Sam ducked his head to the side, but not like he was trying to really get away. "C'mon, Sam, let's find somewhere out of this wind." Again, that flash of a smile, of restrained excitement in Sam’s face.

They headed around the corner of a building, close to the fence, where they were out of sight of nearly everyone, though Dean saw a security camera pointed in their direction. He didn't care about that, though. It made sense that they would want to keep visual track of their monsters even when there weren’t enough guards to keep an eye on all of them.

Sam crouched down, arms wrapped around his knees.

Dean slid down the wall until he was sitting next to him. It was cold against the poured concrete. He wondered if Sam was cold. “How’ve you been, Sammy?”

Sam blinked at him, confused, and then shrugged. “Good, I guess. H-how have you been?” He stumbled over the words, as though he wasn’t sure if he was saying them right.

Yeah, it was a stupid question, Dean decided, because he didn’t really have a good answer either. It was just him and Dad, traveling, like it always was. A few ghosts, and the mystery monster that had brought them here, were pretty much the only interesting things that had happened since last time he had seen Sam. He hadn’t even had much trouble at the last school he’d been at.

“Yeah, fine,” he said, hands moving with the cards again. “Hey, Sam, you want to play cards?”

Sammy turned his head, confused again. “I d-d-don’t know, Dean,” he said. “If you want to, of course I’ll…how do you play?”

Dean stopped moving the cards between his hands and stared. “I mean, it’s cards. Like, war or slap or seven-up or poker. I’m not that good at poker yet, but Dad’s started to teach me and….” He trailed away when Sam still looked lost. If anything he looked nervous, shifting back and forth a little bit. “You’ve never played cards before?”

Sam shook his head and if anything hunched farther over his knees, looking down at his toes like maybe they would teach him the mysteries of a straight flush.

“Hey, Sam, don’t worry, that’s cool. I mean, lots of kids don’t play card games.” Okay, so in Dean’s experience everyone knew at least one card came, at least War, at least something, but he supposed that Sam couldn’t really hang out with other kids that much. He was technically a monster after all.

“I’m sorry, Dean,” Sam said. “I’m really stupid sometimes.”

“Hey, that’s not true!” Sure, it was still hard to think that Sam wouldn’t have ever handled cards before, but to say that he was stupid was just ridiculous. Because if there was anything that Sam was, it wasn’t stupid. Dean was pretty sure that this little kid, who had never been anywhere interesting in his life, knew a hell of a lot more about books and history than Dean did. “Come on, it’ll be really easy. You know numbers, right?”

Sam nodded quickly. “Of course, Dean. Becca—they taught us numbers at the same time as letters and reading.”

“Cool. And for War, that’s all you need.” Dean dealt out the cards—just splitting the deck would have been faster, but he wanted to be sure that they each had an even number. “We each get the same number of cards. We’ll each turn over one card, and whoever has the highest number gets both cards. If we get the same number, we have a war, where you lay down three cards, and then turn over the fourth, and whoever has the highest number then gets all the cards. Whoever gets all the cards in the deck wins. Got that, Sam?”

Sam swallowed nervously, eyes on the pile of cards in front of him. “Sure, Dean.”

They started slowly. The first couple times that a queen, jack or king got turned over Dean had to explain how those came over the tens.

On their second war, Sam turned over an ace at the end. He smiled and started to push all the cards toward Dean. He almost looked relieved, which was weird.

“No, you keep those,” Dean said. “You won that war, Sam.”

Sam froze. “But it’s a one,” he said.

“It’s an ace,” Dean corrected. “And it’s higher than anything else.”

“It’s a one,” Sam said. “That’s too many cards, Dean. I don’t need…” he waved his hand, which was already considerably thicker than Dean’s.

Dean snorted. “I mean, we don’t need the cards. It’s a game, Sam. I won’t be angry if you win, I promise. After all, somebody always wins.”

Sam looked down at his thick stack of cards, and he looked a little sick. “Yes, Dean.”

They played, the sizes of their decks varying wildly. Dean had forgotten how long a game War was.

But when Sam took the last card, face blank and a little frightened, Dean lifted his hands and grinned at him. “Good game, Sam. You won, that rocks!” he said. “Hey, what’s wrong?”

“I won,” Sam said. “That’s means you…didn’t win. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. I couldn’t…” he waved at the ground between them, face pinched.

“Sam, I’m not going to get bent out of shape because you beat me in a card game,” Dean told him. He grinned. “I mean, that’s what happens in card games. I mean, especially War. It’s all chance. Now, poker…” he smirked, but when Sam looked even more worried, he dropped the smile. “Come on, Sam, that’s a joke too. I wouldn’t care even if you beat me in poker. Or anything.”

“But I’m a monster.”

Dean blinked, and had to stop himself from automatically saying that that was ridiculous, silly, what did that matter?

Because it did matter. Monsters were dangerous, and letting your guard down around one got you dead, just like Mom.

He could almost hear Dad in his head, telling him he was being a damn fool for relaxing, even for a second around a monster. They find your weak points and they rip them out, his voice growled through Dean’s head. You can’t trust those sonofabitches for a second.

Dean reached slowly for the cards and Sam put them into his hands again, a little too quickly, like Sam didn’t want to be holding onto them (getting them filthy with monster germs) any longer than Dean wanted him to.

Dean shuffled them slowly, thinking hard about monsters, what Dad would say, and Sam, while the cards flew into each other.

When he looked up he realized that Sam was staring in fascination at the deck.

He glanced up and caught Dean’s eyes, and a smile flickered across his face. And in that second he was just an amazed little boy. “That’s really awesome,” he said. “That…thing.” He gestured at the cards and mimed shuffling them. “What…how do you…is it a real thing?”

Dean frowned. “A real thing?”

“You know, a thing real humans can do that a monster couldn’t? I mean, like me. Could I do that?”

“Sure, Sam, give it a try.”

Dean watched Sam fumble at shuffling, gave him a few pointers eventually, until Sam could almost do it, but nowhere near as fast as he could. Dean liked teaching him, and almost broke a rib holding back the laughter while he watched Sam painstakingly shuffle, the tip of his tongue sticking out one corner of his mouth while his small hands managed the big, worn cards.

At some point after Sam had really gotten the shuffling down, Dean had come to some kind of decision, even if he couldn’t have said what it was.

“Wanna learn poker?” he asked. “I’m not that good myself yet, but Dad’s been teaching me the rules.”

Sam looked worried. “You’re sure you won’t mind if I…don’t lose? I mean, you said you wouldn’t, but if I’m new at a game I won’t be able to figure out how to…”

“Sam, there is one thing I want you to never do,” Dean said.

Sam looked attentive. “What?”

“Let me win.” Dean grinned as he shuffled the cards together. “Because if you are good enough to make sure I win, then that just means that I’m that stupid and bad at the game. And that would just be embarrassing. Got that?”

“Yes, Dean.” Sam grinned. “You’re the best.”

By the time a guard came around the corner to tell him that John was waiting, Dean had successfully taught Sam War, slap, and what he knew about poker. He had a feeling he’d gone wrong somewhere with poker, but the result was still fun for both of them, and next time he saw Sam he knew he would be able to teach him the correct version. He’d make sure that Dad taught him the rest of the rules so that he and Sam could get better the next time.

“I’m sorry, Dean,” Dad said, rubbing a hand over his face. He looked exhausted. That made sense. Dean had slept in the car on the drive over here, but that meant that Dad had been up for the last twenty-four hours or so. Dean was looking forward to when he got tall enough to help Dad with the driving. Maybe then Dad could get enough sleep to lose the dark circles that seemed permanently etched around his eyes. “You okay without me, kiddo?”

Dean smiled up at him. “Yes, sir. Me and…” he almost mentioned Sam, but stopped himself. Dad had been dealing with a lot of monsters today. He didn’t need to think about another one. And Dean had the whole thing with Sam under control. He wasn’t at all like other monsters. “I had a good time, sir. No problem.”

John nodded. “Good. Let’s get the f—the hell out of here.”

Dean followed him out. Right before he left the yard, he glanced back.

Sam was smiling at him. Dean just barely stopped himself from waving.

***

Dad wasn't finished with the monster he had brought in. He and Dean coasted around the northwestern states, taking care of a few rogue spirits, but every couple of weeks they turned back for northern Nevada. Dean didn't know what the deal was with the monster and he knew better than to think Dad would tell him about it, but from what Dad muttered under his breath during the long drives, he didn't trust the Campbells to handle it alone or share everything they found. That made sense, of course, and Dean didn't mind their frequent trips back to Freak Camp. The guards knew him now, knew to let him into the yard where he could always find Sam hanging around. They'd head to some deserted out-of-sight corner where Dean would pull out his card deck or some other miniature roadtrip game Dad had gotten him. Once he found a half-finished candy bar in his pocket and offered a bite to Sam, and his astonishment at the taste made Dean laugh. He couldn't believe the kid had never had candy before, so he started bringing different kinds of sweets for Sam to try, whatever he could slip into his pockets.

He didn't talk much about Sam to Dad. Mostly because he knew exactly what Dad would say, and it wasn't anything that Dean didn't already know. Sam may have been a monster, but he was already in Freak Camp and he didn't have extra-sharp teeth or claws or any way of hurting him. Dean was pretty sure Sam wouldn't have tried to hurt him even if he had the chance, anyway. Sam always looked like Dean's arrival was the cherry on his sundae, the best thing that could have happened to him that week. Dean liked feeling important, like he mattered that much to someone, even if it was just to a monster kid. But he found it harder and harder to think of Sam as a monster - at least, not like the ones Dad killed. Sam was a different kind. He was just Sam, and that was enough for Dean. He didn't think he'd be able to explain that to Dad, though.

That was also why he liked to take Sam somewhere without guards watching everything they did. It didn't matter if Dean and Sam were playing cards or eating Snickers bars, it wasn't any of their business—Dean was a hunter, so they should trust him and leave him alone. He felt a little possessive of these visits, and kind of about Sam too. Dean almost felt like Sam was his monster, and his alone, and it made him kind of angry to think that other people could mess with him whenever they wanted, or that the guards could hit him and hurt him if he disobeyed and stuff like that.

One early summer day, they sat against a wall of the barracks on the edge of the general area, as far as they could get from the guards' curious eyes, and passed a bag of chocolate-coated peanuts back and forth.

"So, this Becca chick, she's like your mom, right?" Dean said, dumping four or five peanuts into his mouth and then holding the bag out to Sam.

Sam never took the bag or was willing to grab more than one or two peanuts at a time, but at least he wasn't wincing and looking out for the guards every time Dean pushed the bag in his face. "Yeah. She takes care of me, she..." Sam shrugged, and put the candies in his mouth. "You must have a mom. What's she like?"

Dean looked away and tried to look casual. "She's perfect."

Sam just looked at him, his big brown eyes expectant, hopeful. He didn't really care, Dean knew, about details of his life, but he did seem to care that Dean was telling him these thing, that Dean cared enough about him to share. Dean stared at his left knee, where the jeans were starting to wear through, and waited for another question. But Sam waited, patient in a way that few people were in Dean's life, for the story. Dean could make up anything he wanted, and Sam would smile in that same way, the expression that seemed to come up all the way from his toes and seemed to only be for him.

Dean had used to wish he had a little brother, someone who would look up to him, who he could teach about hunting like Dad taught him. Someone who would trust him the way he trusted Dad, even when Dad was drunk, or angry, or left him with other adults for weeks a time. Before he grew up so much, he had wanted someone, someone he could play with while Dad was away. He was almost a grown-up now, and he knew he didn't really need friends and that playing was stupid, but it would still be nice to have someone. Of course, Sam was a monster, and couldn't be his brother—and shouldn't be his friend either, Dean knew what Dad would say—but Dean still felt happiest when they could sit together and Sam would look at him like Dean was made of all the pie in the world. Sam would have believed anything Dean said, not because he was stupid, but because he trusted Dean that much.

And Dean couldn't lie to that. Even about Mom. "She's dead," he said, not looking up from his knee. "She was Mary, Campbell, Winchester." He always said her name that way, because every part was important. The name that was her, the name that was a hunter, and the name that made her theirs, his and Dad's, and no one else's. He said her name, always, like it was a chant that, said enough times, in the right way, would bring her back.

It hadn't yet.

He waited for the reaction. Everyone had a reaction. Either amazement - "Oh, you're those Winchesters?" - or disappointment - "He's Mary's son?" - or some look, like with a mom who was a hero, a daughter of heroes, he should be something more, something better than he was. Someone she would never be there to teach him to be.

But Sam hadn't reacted. When the silence just stretched, Dean got up the courage to actually glance at Sam. He was staring at his knees too, though as far as Dean could tell the knees in his grey pants didn't even have beginning holes.

"I didn't mean to ask about something that..." Sam gestured vaguely into the air. He took a deep breath, still without looking at Dean. "My mom's going to be dead soon too," he offered. "She says that's how we leave camp, a good thing. So maybe Becca and your mom...maybe they'll be together."

Dean's head snapped around. "What do you mean, your mom's going to be dead soon?"

Sam hunched over and wouldn't look at him. "She's going to Special Research. Monsters don't come out of Special Research."

"Sam." Dean stared at him. He couldn't wrap his head around it—knowing that his mother was about to die and not doing something about it, not kicking and screaming and fighting every second of every moment to stop that horrible horrible thing. "Sam, I didn't know."

Sam glanced at him, and then away. "I mean, it's not a big deal, she's a monster. All monsters go there. Oh." In that second he seemed to realize what he'd said, eyes going wide, staring back at Dean. "I'm...stupid, she and your mom wouldn't be in the same place. I'm sorry I said that. I mean, I'm sure your mom was awesome."

Dean took a deep breath and scooted closer to Sam. He offered him the peanuts, and, after a hesitation, Sam took one. "She was awesome," he said. "She was a hero and she—" killed monsters, "she loved me and she made pie, and when she was around" Dad smiled, all the time, unless they were shouting at each other, "we were a family."

"That sounds awesome," Sam said, reaching for the bag and helping himself to another three or four candies. "What's pie?"

Dean was so excited at Sam actually reaching for the food—he'd had this same fascinated feeling once when he'd gotten some birds at one of their apartments to come to the windowsill after he left food there every day for a week, marveling at the idea that something so skittish and wild would trust him that much—that he could shove memories of Mom back where they belonged, far enough away that they didn't make him feel so much like punching someone, and focus wholeheartedly on Sam's horrifying lack of basic knowledge.

Dean launched on a fifteen-minute monologue in praise and description of pie, complete with hand motions, eating sounds, and recommendations for the best pie in the continental United States. And the whole time he talked, Sam watched him like he was the only thing he wanted in the world. Which was ridiculous, because any sane person should also want pie.

"That's it, dude," Dean said at the end, when Sam seemed no closer to believing him. "Even monsters should know about pie. Next time I come, I'll bring you some."

Sam crunched the last candy. "No such thing," he said, with a glow in his eyes another child might get being told to believe in fairies or the pot at the end of the rainbow. "Not here."

"Hey!" Dean grabbed Sam's face and made him look at him. "If I say I'm bringing you pie, I'm bringing you pie. That's a promise."

Then he caught sight of Dad walking around the perimeter of the yard, from whatever area he had been working in, and sighed a little as he stood up. Time to go, before one of those jerks came over. But he turned back to Sam for a second, sliding the crumpled peanuts bag into his jeans pocket. "Hey Sam," he said. "It would be cool if our moms were together. Just like it's cool when we're together. You know?"

Sam nodded, really fast and smiling up at him like the little brother he had never had, someone who trusted him and liked him and listened.

Dean couldn't stop smiling, even when Dad glared at him, until they were out of camp and back at the Impala.

***

The next time Dean went to Freak Camp, he tried to bring a pie.

It was cherry, with an extra layer of glazed crystalline sugar on the top, and pretty cheap, but it was small enough that he could wedge it into his pants by the small of his back—where Dad kept his gun--and walk without anyone noticing the bulge.

It didn't occur to him that the cheap pie tin would show up in a metal detector until it went off. Weapons were allowed in the camp, but you had to take them all off and send them through the X-ray machine.

His cousin Lucas Campbell patted him down and brought out the pie. Laughing, he sniffed it and then raised the pastry on high like a trophy. "Behold!" he bellowed. "Dean Winchester is bringing a little cherry into Freak Camp!"

The other guards, who had been watching the alarm, warily broke into grins and chuckles.

Lucas looked at Dean and made his eyes go big and innocent. "Does your father know, Dean?"

"Shut up, Lucas," John said tiredly.

Dean glared, perfectly aware that he was being made fun of and blushing, but much more focused on the pie that he somehow had to get to Sam. "I get hungry," he said, ignoring the snickers across the room. He turned to John, and stuck out his jaw. "You're gone so long, and I get hungry, and there's nothing decent to eat in the camp, so, yeah, I brought a pie. Sue me."

"He can't bring the tin in, Winchester," Lucas said. "I mean, we do a lot to these fucks, but giving them a pie in the face? Inhuman, man."

John walked over to the other hunter, and pulled the pie out of his hands hard enough that Lucas almost fell over, and John made no move to balance him. He continued glaring down at the other man while extending the pie to Dean.

"Take what you want," he said. "Dump the rest."

"Yes, sir." Dean nodded, and scooped out two of the biggest pieces he could and put them into his pockets. He threw the rest of the tin in the industrial-sized trash can by the metal detector and ignored the wet, squishy sensation oozing down his legs as he followed his father into the camp.

Later, sharing the mostly pulped pie with Sam around an alley, Dean regaled him with the entire story, waving his cherry-stained hands in ways that made Sam grin like an idiot, and lamenting the unfairness of life. "Sorry it's squished," he said. "I had to think fast. Who'd have thought they'd be pie Nazis?"

Sam nodded mutely, his mouth full of pie. "You were right, Dean," he mumbled. "This is the best thing ever." He stopped and bunched his forehead in a way that Dean hard come to recognize as thinking very very hard. "Well, the second best," he said.

Dean was outraged. "Second best," he said. "What the hell's better than pie."

Sam swallowed and closed his eyes in bliss. "You bringing me pie. What's a Nazi?"

It took Dean a long, unusually silent minute to work his way through the first part of the sentence. In that time, Sam started to look worried again, and chewed more slowly. But Dean eventually just pulled him close and ruffled his really short hair. When Sam smiled again, Dean launched on a torturous and mostly wrong explanation about how the Nazis were people who didn't like pie because they had been able to drink nothing but German beer, which went horribly with everything but bar peanuts, and ended with a promise to bring him a book that had more details.

***

Later, in the Impala with Dad driving east trailing a lead that he had picked up in Special Reseach—South Dakota, Dean thought he had heard Dad mention to the guard when he had come to get him—Dean patted the pie residue in his pockets and couldn’t stop grinning. Sam had liked the pie, and he had actually managed to get it into the camp. Granted, it had almost gone wrong, but that was okay. Sometimes trial and error was necessary. That was why Dad always stuck around a few days after a ghost burning to make sure that they had gotten the right corpse, just in case.

“Why pie?” Dad asked eventually, when they were a good ten minutes out of Freak Camp. He had been staring into the approaching mountains with the particular tense, focused expression that Dean associated with a long day in Special Research.

“It’s really sweet, and good,” Dean said. “And cherry's the best.” I promised Sam, he thought.

Dad’s hair was damp and slicked back, as though he had showered before he left Special Research, and there was red under his nails. He had been “looking for information” for over two hours this time, and while Dean didn’t mind having that much more time to spend with Sam—the guards didn’t make Sam go shower or do other things that monsters usually had to do, as long as Dean was with him—he still didn’t like to think about what that meant. Sam had said that monsters died in Special Research, and while he knew that Dad killed monsters and it had never bothered him before, suddenly the monsters in Special Research looked like Sam.

As though thinking about Sam and Dad in the same moment had connected them, Dad looked over, his brow furrowing slightly, his mouth twisting down in distaste. “You shared with that monster, didn’t you?”

Dad could find out if he really wanted to know. A couple questions to the guards that had passed by Dean and Sam a few times, and he would know pretty much everything they had done. There really wasn’t much of a point in trying to hide anything from Dad. He would find out in the end no matter what he did. Monsters everywhere had learned that they couldn’t do anything without John Winchester figuring out what they had done eventually. “Yes, sir.”

“I don’t like you hanging around with that monster boy so often,” John said. “Have the guards checked to make sure that he’s not some kind of siren or genie or anything like that?”

Dean didn’t know, but he assumed that they wouldn’t look so calm when Dean was hanging out with him if Sam was at all dangerous in a mental-manipulation sort of way. “I don’t think so, sir,” he said. “That is, I haven’t seen any signs. I don’t know that they’ve checked.”

“Damn stupid of them, if they haven’t checked,” he said. “I don’t know, Dean. It could be dangerous…”

“Come on, Dad!” Dean said, immediately nervous about where the conversation could be going. It had been a good day. Sam’s expression when he had seen the pie had been perfect. And now he could feel all the good feelings sliding away from him with these questions. Why did Dad always have to ask, always needling at what he and Sam had as though it was a bad thing that had to be examined minutely, that had to be carefully dissected just to make sure that it wasn’t poisonous. Why did he always have to bring up the whole “Sam is a monster” thing? Sam didn’t seem like a monster at all, why did Dad have to keep harping on it all the time?

Because he cares, said a little voice in the back of Dean’s head. Because he doesn’t want you to end up like Mom.

Dean told the little voice to shut up. Dad did dangerous things all the time, and he never seemed to care about the fact that he could also die at any time, and where would that leave Dean?

As always, Dean’s brain froze up a little bit at the idea of Dad dying. It was just impossible. Dad couldn’t die. Nothing bad, not really bad, could ever happen to Dad. Sure, he could get hurt, he could be bleeding or in the hospital, but that wasn’t something really bad. That was just what happened to hunters.

For the first time since leaving camp—Dad was always very distracted, after a long session—John Winchester turned to really look at his son for a minute. “You need to be careful, Dean,” he said. “Do you understand me?”

“Yes, sir,” Dean answered.

For a second, both Winchesters waited, as though to see if one or the other would find a new direction for the conversation. When no new topics came up—they certainly wouldn’t talk about their feelings—they both relaxed. Sometimes it was better to just not talk about anything at all than to try and find something to share. After all, they had shared their lives for eleven years. There was, in the end, very little to talk about that did not go back to Mary’s death, or hunting, or the empty, open roads that they traveled.

“Hungry?” Dad asked at last, when they crossed the Nevada/Utah state line.

Dean was starving—the one piece of squished pie had been ages ago, and he had really tried to give Sam as much of the pie as he could, because it was his treat after all—but before he let it slip, he remembered that he had said that the pie was his snack. So he modified. “A little, sir,” he said casually.

Only after the words left his mouth did he realize that it was the first time he had lied to Dad. Really lied. About a monster no less.

But if John noticed, he didn't make a big deal about it. Dean worked very hard to keep his eyes on Dad, so that John wouldn’t suspect the lie. If he didn’t break eye contact, often civilians thought he was telling the truth.

Either it worked on Dad, or he just wasn’t thinking about it, or what Dean was saying was close enough to the truth that Dad didn’t notice, because John didn’t call him on it, didn’t even slow down the car.

“We’ll stop at the next exit,” Dad said. “Take away. I want to keep going. McDonald’s good?”

“Yes, sir,” Dean said, folding his arms back up and looking out the window, but all the time thinking about Sam. Whatever Dad got would be fine, and today Dean was far too happy about the successful beginning of his career—Dean Winchester, pie smuggler—to worry about much of anything else.

***

When the guards called for her, Rebecca could usually brace herself for whatever would come by the time she finished standing up. Her only fear was Special Research, that they would decide to pull her there early (no, not early anymore, it was almost time), without any warning.

But when they called for Sam – using that new nickname, Pretty Freak, which made her skin crawl – Becca’s heart jumped into her throat, and she thought for a moment she was going to lose it, right there over the bullet-packing table in the second floor of the Workhouse.

Sam, however, had already jumped down from the thin bench and was moving toward the exit behind the guard, no dawdling. He knew better than to trust them, than to expect anything good to happen, but he still had no idea how bad it could be, what could be about to happen to him. What if Sam was going to Special Research now? And Rebecca was shaking, unable to control it, and hating herself because she was just making herself and Sam more vulnerable by it, should either of them live another day.

What could they want with Sam? What could they want with her innocent boy who shouldn’t be here at all, who certainly couldn’t know anything or provide any useful information in an interrogation? She couldn’t keep herself on the bench, filling bullets one-handed, not when the only thing worth living for in her life was walking out with a guard. She moved to the window, pretending that she just had to catch her breath for a second, but really watching the yard through the narrow opening in the bars. She had to see where he went, if he made the turn to Special Research. After a minute or so, she saw Sam leave the building in the guard's shadow. She watched as they walked up to another boy waiting in the yard.

The real boy. Dean.

Dean Winchester.

Maybe it was partly because she hadn’t gotten enough food lately (hard not to give everything to Sammy; she had to remind herself she had to keep up her strength for his sake), but Rebecca had to grip tight the edge of the window frame to keep herself up. She couldn’t look away now.

The guard had walked away, and Sam and Dean were just standing there, looking at each other. Dear God, Sam was looking him in the face, had he forgotten everything she told him….

But nothing else was happening. From the way Dean moved his head, she figured he was talking. And there Sam was, nodding. Then Dean looked over toward Reception, glanced back at Sam, who nodded again, and they both walked that way.

Dean even walked like a hunter, though he probably wasn’t more than ten or eleven. It made her physically ill watching her small boy, both so resilient and delicate, walking next to him. Next to, not even falling a step behind. She could barely believe what she was seeing – Sam was so good about remembering everything. How could meeting another boy - a real child - have made him forget everything that was vital to keeping him alive?

Nothing good could come of this.

They disappeared around the corner. After a moment more, prodded a bit by the speculative eyes of the guard, Rebecca forced herself away, forced her shaking hand back to measuring salt and iron into the bullet casings. She couldn’t do anything for Sam now but wait – hope – he came back to her.

He did. It was more than an hour later, just as the sun was going to set, but he came back up to her as she was leaving the mess hall after another unsatisfying, insufficient meal .As soon as he had reached her, out of sight of anyone else, his face lit up with the biggest smile that had probably ever been seen in Freak Camp.

"Dean gave me pie, Becca!" Despite his excitement, he kept his voice in a breathy whisper. "Pie, from the real world!"

Rebecca's heart missed a few beats, and the horror that must have shown on her face dimmed Sammy's smile. She swallowed hard, pulling him forward into her lap, grasping at him with her hand and stump, like she could feel his face between her palms. His skin was the same temperature as before, just slightly warm - all the same, she was nearly shaking again, this time with rage. Child or not, she wanted to kill that boy. She could choke him with one hand, given the opportunity. "What - what kind of pie, Sammy? What did it look like?" Like he would have any fucking clue what pie was, like he should have ever believed - but there she couldn't berate him. No matter if Sam had known from looking at it, if a hunter said eat it, he would have had to.

The smile had entirely vanished, replaced with a puzzled frown. "Good pie. It was good, Becca. Dean said it was cherry, his favorite - it was red and gooey with a brown crust kinda squished, since he took it out of his pocket."

"His pocket," she echoed.

"Yeah. See Becca, Dean promised me last time he would bring me pie, because he said even monsters should know, and then he did." Sam bounced on his knees, and she stilled him automatically with a hand on his shoulder. What would have been sweet and cute on the outside was, in Freak Camp, just a clear invitation for the guards to come over and see what was getting the monsters worked up. And maybe shut them up. "He even let me eat most of it!"

That stopped her in her tracks. "He - he ate it too, Sammy? The same stuff he gave you, out of his pocket?"

"Yeah." Sam looked a little exasperated. "I told you, Becca. Dean's not like the other hunters. He's different."

He's a Winchester. That's all that mattered - that boy was John Winchester's son, and anything that brought them anywhere close to catching that man's attention...still, the constant knot of anxiety in Rebecca's chest had eased, even if she remained confused and suspicious. Could it just have been pie? But why? Why would a hunter's kid, clearly already raised in that life - why would he do something like that?

Sam had fallen forward now to lean contentedly against her side, and she could feel his steady heartbeat. Looking down, she thought she saw a spot of red at the corner of Sam's mouth. She wiped it off with her thumb and brought it to her own lips almost without thinking.

Sweet. Real sweetness.