Alicia 7  My Daddy Loves Me!
By JimBob  Copyright 2012

M,Mg, B,Bg, cons, int, incest

Our little Alicia continues her reckless journey into becoming a young lady.  At age eleven she has had and lost an adult lover.  She has tried out a couple of teen aged boys, and found them lacking in providing her with what she needs, and now has settled on an older man to satisfy her needs.  But Alicia still has her eyes set on the one man she truly loves, and admires over all others, her Daddy.

Anne and I had a wonderful time at the estate that Halloween weekend.  We laughed and talked about it at school that next week.   Anne was happy that she could now say she had been fucked by a man.  She had an uncle that she had fooled around with some.  She told me that now she was ready to take things, or at least her uncle's "thing," (and here we both giggled hysterically,) into her own hands.  We talked and giggled about it all week.  We drove the other girls in our dorm nuts because we would not tell them our secret.  The second night, Anne slipped into my bed after bed check.  She showed me a toy she had borrowed from a senior girl she had slept with a couple of times.  It was made of rubber, but it was shaped like a big male penis.  It even had two ball things on the end.  Anne said that was to stop it from going in too far and getting lost.  I think she was just kidding me.

Anne tried to stick the big head into my cunt, but I was too dry.  So we both spit on the thing.  We got it nice and wet and slippery with our saliva.  I was wet from just thinking about how it would feel, so next time she tried it went right on in about half way.  It made my pussy feel tight and full, just like TJ's big cock made me feel.  It was a little warm from us holding it, and all, but I told Anne it did not feel hot like a real one did.  Anne said maybe we should warm it up in the oven.  We both giggled, because we didn't have an oven.  The night aide heard us and came and made Anne go back to her bed, so I had to use the man cock thing on myself, but I could not get an orgasm.  I pulled it out and hid it under my pillow, and went to sleep.  All the time I had that big thing in me I was pretending that it was daddy.  Oh, I want to feel him in me so bad!  I dreamed daddy was doing me.  My knickers were still damp when I woke up.  My daddy is the nicest man in the whole world.  We are going to marry when I am sixteen.

Anne came to my bed again tonight.  She brought a little jar with her, and took the big rubber cock into the bathroom before she got in bed.  When she came back, she told me to take my knickers off and get ready for some fun!  Then she stuck that big slippery cock thing into me.  Man, was it hot!  Slippery  too.  She had some grease stuff she put on it, vasrline, she said.  It made it all slippery and nice feeling.  Wow!  Did I have a good cum!  When I recovered from my cum, she said it was her turn, and she took her knickers off.  It was still all hot anf slippery from the grease and my juice.  Anne wasnt wet like I was, but we got it in. Then I pumped it in and out of her like she did me.  Anne had such a good cum she couldnt even talk for a while.  We pulled our gowns way up so our bodies touched and we both slept like that together all night.  Anne woke up early and went to her own bed.  Today Anne showed me where the plug was in the end where she filled it with hot water last night.  Too bad she has to take it back to the senior girl today. 

Last night Anne came to my bed with a new toy she got from the senior girl.  I had never seen anything like it but I was not surprised anymore at the sex toys that men and women could think up.  This was a rubber thing with a cock on each end, it was pretty flexible in the middle.  Later on I found out why.  When we put it up inside Anne, it stuck down between her legs.   A mans cock sticks up towards his belly, or straight out.  So we had to really bend the other end around to get it into me.  Then it wasnt too bad if we really wiggled around.  It felt good, and Anne said she got a little cum, but I didnt get one.  I liked the big cock filled with hot water, and rubbed with Vaseline better.  I could make it hit my good feeling spot a lot.  I always had a good cum when I could find my G spot.  That was what the senior girl I played with the other night called it.  Ill bet my daddy knows right where my G spot is.  She said it was her daddy that fucked her and showed her where her G spot was.  I think dads know these things. 

I was felt up this week by the grounds men at school.  I played soccer on Wednesday against another girls school.  We drew 1-1.  I received a nasty bruise to my ankle. One of the grounds men acts as medical attendant.  He has a certificate in first aid from the St Johns ambulance brigade.  He had a look at it on the field and decided I needed more attention.  The nurse in the sick bay had some girls sick this week.  There is a kind of mini flu epidemic in this part of England.  I had a flu injection in October.  The two other grounds men took me to the A&E at Aylesbury.  I sat in the back with one of them who rubbed my thigh on the way in.  He had my sports skirt right back.  It is short and didnt have far to go. I had an X-ray and a scan but there was no bone injury. There was only a bruised tendon.  I was given an injection and some pain killing tablets to take for Wednesday night and Thursday.  They changed drivers and the other man felt me up and asked if it hurt.  We stopped at a lay-by and the pair of them had my knickers down at my ankles and felt my pussy.  I didnt get ridden and I didnt have to masturbate them or anything like that.  They said they had wanted to fuck me ever since kindergarten.  We kissed a while and they felt my breasts.  But it was getting dark and we had to get back to school.  Our football outfit when we are playing other schools is a red and white jersey and either white shorts (usually when we play a boys or a mixed team) or a short white skirt which we were wearing today and white knickers.  I remember when I was 7 I was taken out of kindergarten and put into junior school where you get the school knickers with the badge on them.  I couldnt wait to show them off.  I showed them to these grounds men and they felt me then.  I think that is the time they were referring to.   

I was very excited when they were sitting in the back feeling me.  They had their cocks out, and I got to hold them while they were putting their fingers in me, they were feeling my bare chest too.  They invited me to come to their cottage some time and told me how to sneak in.  They said other girls did it.  I think if it had been only one of them, he would have rode me.  But with two of them were scared to go first.  Now whenever I see them I get wet down there thinking about that ride home.

  Daddy had to be away today.  One of the security men went jogging with me this morning, but we had to stop twice to let him catch his breath and at the end when we got back home he said he was buggered.  I ran in front of him all the way, that is just for security reasons.  I wriggled my bum and I think he was impressed.  I wore a pair of very short shorts.  He said when we stopped for the first time to let him catch his breath that I was very fit, and the second time he said I was a very attractive girl.   When we got back home I invited him up to shower.  He definitely hesitated but said he had better not and I could see he had a hard on.  I am really getting horny because I have not had a man to ride me for a couple of weeks.  I rub my clit in bed at night while I think of daddy slipping his cock into my wet, slippery hole.  I know daddy has a nice cock, because I have washed his cock in the shower after we play squash since I was nine.  Sometimes I get it hard, but then he makes me stop washing it.  If only I could make him cum once...
. 

I took another security man to play squash this afternoon.  I wore a very short white dress and white knickers.  I beat him easily.  I bent over more than was really necesary  when picking up the ball and I could see he too had a hard on.  Maybe that was why I beat him so easily.  When we left the court he put his hand across my shoulder and let it drop to my bum and he brushed his hand across my breasts as he was opening the door.  When daddy and I play we have a shower together at the club.  There is a kind of Turkish bath place to one side and the showers at the other side.  The man who gives out towels knows us quite well.  He asked the security man if he wanted a shower when I took a towel.  He asked it in the tone of voice that said I dont think you should share a shower with this young lady!  The security man got the message and declined the offer.  I mean he really did have a hard on and it showed.  I could feel myself shivering thinking about it sliding inside me.  I am wet now thinking about it.  I felt very sexy with both men.

Daddy is away today and not yet back.  I asked one of the security men downstairs to have an evening meal with me, my treat.  It was a different set of security men than in the morning but I think they had been talking.  The one tonight made one or two references about jogging in the park and the squash club.  We went to the nearest basement eatery place and the security man had quite a lot to drink and asked me not to tell daddy.  I told him there is no way I tell daddy anything about what happens with boyfriends and he laughed.  Daddy telephoned me to say he would be home before midnight.  The security man saw me to the lift.  It is in a lobby and is covered by cctv.  I wanted a kiss so I asked him to come up to check out the apartment.  We kissed and he felt me between my legs in the lift but he wouldnt come into the apartment.  I almost had a cum from him feeling me.  He seemed to know right where my clit is, and he rubbed it as it got bigger and I squealed to let him know I was really hot!  I went in on my bed and took my knickers off and fingered myself and had a good little cum.  But when I had my cum, it was not the security man I thought about.  It was my daddy. 

Daddy was out of the country all week.  I had to go out to the estate Friday after school and stay yesterday, because daddy wont be back until today.  I paid off part of my debt to TJ.  He had me yesterday morning.  He knew I was at the estate.  Actually he had me twice yesterday, but he said it only counted as one ride. It was no mambly pambly fuck either.  He was in deadly serious and went at it like hard labor in an old penal enslavement camp.  He gave me a cum with his fingers and played around with my body for a long while before putting his really hard cock into me and fucking like it was going out of fashion.  He shot his semen into me in big blasts.  It was incredible.  It was a feeling like getting filled with fire and boiling hot water and zig-zags going all the way up inside me and rushing down again.  He pulled out and I could feel his stuff coming out of me.  It felt like ointment coming out of a tube but I was not pressing.  I wanted to keep it inside me.  He kissed and fondled me for about half an hour then he pushed back into me and was every bit as energetic but he had his cum again a lot quicker and when he started to pull his cock out of me I had another cum going, and he pushed in and started riding me again until I had all of my cum.  It was really great.  When I had a second cum I was very nearly unconscious with feeling good.  He could have done anything to me at that time.  It was nearly like an out of body experience.

I offered to suck him first, but he said he only wanted my cunt.  I took my bicycle to his place.  I was wearing a button-up shirt and a short skirt and really thin transparent knickers.  He had a tractor in bits but he was sitting reading a manual when I went in.  He washed his hands, sat on a bench and lifted my skirt and started feeling me through my knickers.  I got really wet.  He lifted me and carried me upstairs.  He put me on his bed and stripped himself to his shorts and joined me on the bed.  He played about with me for a long time before he took my clothes off and fingered me to an orgasm.  I like it when he sticks a big finger into my vagina and strokes it in and out of me while he rubs my clit with his thumb.  Then while he is thrusting and rubbing, he kisses me so long and deep that I feel like his finger and tongue are going to meet deep inside me.   He makes me cum whenever he does this and it is always way too soon.  I want to make that feeling last forever.  It is like I am on fire inside, with the hottest part of the fire where his thumb is rubbing my clit.  I try hard to get this feeling myself, but I cannot get the fire like TJ does.  And then there is his cock.  Not only is it so big, but it gets rock hard, and it is literally HOT to the touch!  I want to suck him, to see if it will be as hard and hot in my mouth as it is buried deep in my little girl pussy.  

Oh, I wish I could get daddy to do me like TJ does.  I know he would be much better for me Daddy came to pick me up this morning.  I did not go to church with the rest.  I said I was going to wait for my daddy.  When daddy came, we kissed a lot.  Daddy told me he missed me more and more every time he had to go away.  We went in my cottage and we lay on my bed.  Daddy stroked my chest while we kissed.  Daddy and I French kiss most of the time now.  We always kiss that way when he and I lay on my bed and he strokes my chest and rubs my nipples.  This morning we unbuttoned my shirt.  Daddy rubbed my bare skin.  It felt so good.  I was getting wet when everyone came home and we had to stop.  We ate lunch, and then daddy and I took a drive through the country to get home.  When we got home we walked three blocks to a little basement place where they serve excellent salmon.  Daddy and I ate a whole salmon between the two of us.  It was delicious.  Well, we did leave the head and the tail and the bones.

When we got back, daddy had some papers to look at.  I got undressed to my knickers and then I lay back on my bed and masturbated.  I got a little cum.  Just after I finished, Daddy came in to kiss me goodnight because he was tired and going to bed.  But after he kissed me, I think he knew what I had been doing, because I was wet on the crotch of my knickers and there was that hot sex odor in the air.  Daddy told me to wait there because he had something for me.  I waited, and when he came back after a few minutes, he only had his shorts on!  A thrill went through me, because that was what he wore when we would lay on my bed and he would rub my bare chest.  Daddy got down beside me.  He kissed me and held me close.  I could feel his hard cock pressing against my thigh.  It was like it was trying to get in there.  I opened my thighs for it.

Daddy kissed me a lot of times while he felt my nipples and pressed them with his palm and squeezed them.  Daddy never did that before!  He rubbed my chest and my nipples, but it was like he touched them by accident.  Now Daddy was playing with my nipples.  Daddy was loving my body like Mr Kaplan and TJ did!  My Daddy loved me!  Without hesitating, I reached down and unsnapped his shorts and opened them so his hard cock jumped out.  Oh, that hardness and hotness felt so good between my bare thighs.  I felt like I was on fire inside, and it was all concentrated in my crotch where Daddys fingers were rubbing my damp knickers.  Yes he was!  My Daddy was rubbing my pussy, and then he found the bump of my suddenly erect clit.  I moaned and thrust myself up at his fingers.  Daddy gave a sound like a moan too, and his hand went from my pussy to the waistband of my knickers.  With one mighty pull, he tore them right off me.  Then his hand went back between my legs, and his finger went into my sopping wet hole while his thumb pressed against my clit.  I grabbed his hard cock tight in my fist and gave it a squeeze.

Daddy suddenly pulled his hands away, and got on his knees beside me.  I thought he was leaving me out of guilt or something and I was trying to get hold of him when suddenly he picked me up and lifted me in his arms and stood up.  He had to wait a moment for his shorts to fall down his legs so he could step out of them.  Then he carried me into his bedroom and put me down on his bed.  He got in bed with me, but this time he was partly on top of me.  When I spread my legs, he moved in between them.  I thought: now I am going to feel my Daddy going into me!  But I was wrong.  Daddy moved down and got into kind of a crouch over me on his hands and knees.  He bent his head down and kissed and licked and sucked on my tiny just starting out breasts and swollen little nipples.  Those tiny buds made up in intensity of feeling what they lacked in size.  I felt another splash of moisture spread between my lower lips.  I was READY!  But my Daddy wasnt done yet.

It was at this momentary little pause and twinge of disappointment, when I realized that all this had not been happening in silence, as I had been feeling it had.  My Daddy was whispering to me how beautiful I was, how much he missed me when we were apart, and I was answering him and telling him of my great love for him and how long I had waited for this moment in my lonely little virginal bed.  I continued to whisper my endearments to him as his lips became busy with kisses to my chest and trailing down my stomach, my love mound and here my voice went quiet as I gasped in shock at the amazing thrill as his lips and tongue touched my clit, caressed it for a few moments and went on to dive in between those lower lips to taste my love juices.  OMG!  My Daddy was finally kissing my pussy.  I think I must have died and went to little girl Heaven!

Daddy took my legs by the ankles, and pushed up on them until I bent my knees and then he put my feet down by my butt and then spread the knees out to each side.  This was nice.  It rotated my pelvis up and caused my pussy and hole to face up more, and open more so Daddys tongue could now lick me from my clit down to my bottom hole.  The thrilling motion of his tongue made me try to close my legs to avoid an overload of sensation, but Daddy held my legs where they were, and I swooned and blacked out for a few moments.  When I opened my eyes and could focus them again, Daddy had raised his head and was looking at me intently.    When he saw I was okay, he lowered his head and stuck his tongue right into my vagina hole, and making it stiff, he began to rapidly move it in and out of my hole.  This made me cry out and I began to buck my hips up at his face.

My God, you are hot!  Daddy said, as he crawled back up to kiss my other lips.  As our lips met, I felt the tip of his hard cock pushing between my slick lower lips.  I could taste my love juice on his lips and tongue and I moaned as his big hot organ slid up into mine and opened me like no other man had.  Once he was all the way in, his pubic bone was pushing against my clit and mashing it in a most delightful wave of tingles.  I started wiggling my ass and enjoying a quick little cum from THAT sensation.  My whole lower body inside and out seemed like it was on fire from the feel of his body inside and outside touching me.  I love you, Daddy.  I managed to whisper after I had finished my little cum.  I was so into the feeling in my loins I could hardly talk.    When Daddy started to haul that huge rod in and out of me I could only mew and purr like a contented little cat.  The most important part of me was being petted and stroked by my Daddys organ I had worshiped from afar for all too long.  That was going to change.  I would still enjoy other men when daddy was with Priscilla, or off on one of his trips, but when Daddy was home, he was going to be MINE! 

All this time Daddy hardly moved.  Then he seemed to wake up with a start, and looked down into my eyes and began long slow strokes in and out of my body.  Daddy told ne later that just being in such a tight, hot little box was so terribly sexy that he could hardly move, but my little body was moving around at such a rate and causing his cock so much joy from all my wiggling and jerking that he just had to hold still and enjoy that moment.  He said I was like one of those new childrens toys that had little noises, music, flashing lights, squeaks, squeals and vibrations.  He just had to hold it and enjoy all that for a while, but now he was going give me a good ride.  And that is what he did.  He fucked into me slow and easy.  He fucked into me fast and hard.  I almost reached my peak, and he seemed to know because he would back off, and hold me just short.  I got frustrated and squealed out my annoyance.  He laughed and brought me to a peak again.  It got deadly serious.  He clutched me tighter and stroked deeper and faster.  I knew this was it.  I let myself go and enjoyed the light show, all the stars and flashing lights.  Daddy grunted and pulled himself farther in to me, grasping my hips and holding me.  He groaned and stiffened and I felt his hot semen splash deep in me.  He came.  I came.  Amidst all the joy I felt, one thought rang out loud and clear.  My Daddy LOVES me!  He really, really loves ME!


End of Alicia 7  My Daddy Loves Me

This will be the last part of the story of Alicia.  The story was based on letters from a very intelligent and precocious ten year old girl.  They were written during a very disturbed and dangerous time in London, and they stopped abruptly about one year ago.  Ill never know why.  I used a little poetic license at the end, because Alicia never wrote of THAT happening. I felt it was only a matter of time.   The next to the last letter she wrote says, and this is a quote: Daddy picked me up at 9 oclock. We kissed a lot in my room before we left. He said he had never missed me more. We took a long detour to London and finally made it at 2 oclock. We had a prolonged nap together in my bed. I wore only my knickers and he had on his boxer shorts with a big bulge. He said I could sleep with him in his bed tonight. It is really great to be home with daddy. He looked tired and tense when he picked me up this morning but has relaxed all day. He really misses me. We had a readymade meal from the freezer and ate it in front of our gas fire. Then we lay and kissed a lot more, then we played Ma Jong. My knickers are still soaking wet where I was felt. Yes he did! I have more.  Later.  We are going to play chess.

This link will take you to an index of JimBob's stories.
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/JimBob/




