The Girl With The Butterfly Tattoo
by WolfyLikes

She knows he watches, so she gives him the show of her life.

I see you watching me, secretly. Little glances letting me know you're there, without me staring at you. I'll give you a tip, the net curtains in your bedroom window are more see-through than you realise, I can see you through them. Not clearly, but enough to note your presence. Also, when it starts getting darker outside, having a light on behind you doesn't help.

Let's say, for instance, you think you can't be seen because you're standing in the dark in your bedroom window, you'd probably be right. But you also need to shut your bedroom door so the light from your landing doesn't silhouette you in the window.

I've seen you watching me for a few weeks. Actually, thinking about it, since either the day or a couple of days after you'd seen all the Eighteenth banners and balloons decorating our back garden when my parents threw a party for me.

You may want me to see you, or at least hope I will. Maybe that's why you watch my landing window from yours because there are no curtains up there, you usually do so when you know I'm showering. You're hoping for a peek as I walk back to my bedroom with my towel wrapped around me. Are you hoping for it to come undone and fall to the floor leaving me naked? Are you hoping I drop something and you get a quick peek of my arse and maybe a little pussy view as I pick it up? Maybe you're just happy seeing me like this, in my towel, so you can use your imagination.

Maybe it's a coincidence but it always seems to be when your wife has gone out too. Maybe it's also a coincidence I've started using the pool in our back garden more, especially with the weather getting much warmer. Maybe I have too much time on my hands with my parents both working and me not starting at University for a couple of months yet, just to lounge around the pool knowing you'll be watching. Maybe it's also why you've started working from home more.

I'll be honest, I actually enjoy knowing you're watching me. As much as you probably imagine what I look like without the towel wrapped around me, I wonder what you look like too. Or more importantly, what you may be doing while watching me. I've seen you around so I know what you look like. You're a little older than my dad so around forty-five years old. You still have a decent body though, I've seen you mowing your lawn without a top on, beads of sweat running down your chest. You made me hot too. I masturbated later wondering what the bottom half of you was like.

I'm still a virgin, I have no boyfriend currently, but I'm very much no stranger to masturbation. As I said, I have a lot of alone time with my parents at work all day. I'm also not against using household objects for said masturbation purposes. Curling tongs (not switched on obviously!), my hairbrush, carrots, wine bottles, have all come in handy, pun intended.

My favourite was using my dad's lump hammer. The thick metal head was heavy, so it almost seemed like it was a suction cup dildo, the head stayed on the floor as I rode it. The thick wooden handle about twelve inches long was the perfect length.

Vaginal and anal, both holes get equal time. When I do get a boyfriend, he's going to flip out when I offer him either hole on our first date.

I assume you're not a tits man, as mine are barely more than a handful. 32B only, but I do have very big nipples. They almost look like someone is trying to poke a couple of fingers out from the inside of me. My arse is the opposite though. Not massive, but it does look big on my frame. Enough for me to fall into the PAWG category. I kept my legs straight and together when bent over naked before, and looking in the full-length mirror behind me noticed the top of my arse made a heart shape.

I woke this morning and heard a noise outside. It's your wife, leaving for work. I notice both of my parent's cars are gone too. The sun looks glorious already, but I'll give it ten minutes.

I put on my white bikini, mainly because the briefs have a tie fastening on either side, and they are cut so they don't hide too much of my ass. I'm actually thinking about my tanning not leaving much white skin, not you watching me. But if you are, this is the best bikini for you to see me in.

I walk out to the pool, grabbing a towel on the way out, and my sunglasses too. I make a point of dragging the loungers around the tiled floor, making noise while I do so. I see your bedroom curtain move a little. I put on my sunglasses and look up to see the suns position, exaggerated looks that let me glance towards your window too. Do you have a top on? I can't quite tell, but then it is hot.

The sun is almost right over your house, so I have to point the lounger at an angle where you'll see me straight on. It's not for your benefit though, right? I lay down on the lounger, lying on my front. I put the rolled-up towel under my head as a pillow, and bend my knees so my feet point upwards. I'm not deliberately showing off the perfect curves of my arse for you, I'm just more comfortable lying like this, honest.

I wonder if you can see my butterfly tattoo from your view? It's only small but very colourful, right above my arse crease, almost right at the bottom of my spine. I think my briefs may be covering it, I didn't check in the mirror in my bedroom. I pull the back of my briefs down a little and pull them into my arse more. I put my phone on selfie mode and look behind me. Yes, it's there for you to see now.

I also see you've moved the net curtain completely. Are you feeling brave neighbour? Using my phone I can see you do have no top on, a smallish patch of hair right in the middle of your chest, as you stand in the window. You look like you have shorts on too. Are you waving? Oh, no you aren't, I can see now that you're cleaning the windows. It does seem to be taking you a long time to do that particular window though.

I'm getting warm, so quickly get up and jump into the pool. The water shocks me, it's a little colder than I was expecting. I get out of the pool, shake my short bobbed hair to get out the excess water, then lie on the lounger again, this time on my back. My nipples are fully erect seeing you still in the window like two bullets have been stuck to me. They may be erect from the cold water, but you won't know that. I know the wet white fabric won't be doing much to hide their dark red colour either.

I bend my legs at the knees, my feet planted on the side edges of the lounger, forming a V shape. My briefs have bunched in between my legs, but I can't be bothered to move them. I wonder if the wet white fabric of the briefs is hiding as little as the top? I feel a slight breeze between my legs. I'm not entirely convinced that the fabric is covering all of my pussy lips anyway.

I noticed how you haven't been in the window for around ten minutes? Are you bored of watching me? Oh well, your loss I think to myself, as I undo the ties on my top. I remove it, freeing my small perky tits and overly large nipples into the warm air. I cup them and squeeze them, sighing as I do so. I can feel myself getting turned on, but you're not in the window anymore. Maybe it's time for me to head back inside to continue my little party for one. I pull the bunched up briefs along my slit, groaning as I do so. I hear a cough.

I'd closed my eyes while doing so. I open them and look in the direction of the cough to see you leaning on the fence, looking at me. Well, the part of me between my legs anyway. I help you out by putting the leg closest to you down onto the floor, opening my legs a little more. I pretend to look shocked and try to cover my nipples from your view, unsuccessfully. Obviously, I could easily have unrolled the towel I've been using as a pillow, and wrap that around my body. But still, you don't seem to mind.

After what seems to be an eternity, your eyes meet mine. I hear you talk, but am too busy staring at those dark brown eyes making slight flickers as you glance back down my body, more so now I've turned onto my side to face you. I have to ask you to repeat it and hear you tell me that my dad asked if he could clean our windows sometime. I don't believe my dad would ask that, and it's an excuse for you to come and ogle me, but I have no way of knowing.

I tell you my parents are out and will be for a few hours yet, but you look unhappy and tell me you've been cleaning your windows and have all the items out ready, so would be a shame to have to put them all away again. I look at the beads of sweat running down your chin and dripping onto your firm torso. I stand and walk, no I sashay, towards the fence, your eyes drop to my nipples. I don't blame you, they are magnificent. I ask if you need any help at all, and you ask if we have a set of ladders you can use, and that I can just watch. Just watch. I will definitely be watching, you can be sure of that. But just watching? I highly doubt that.

I tell you we have ladders, and I'll unbolt the side gate so you can access all sides around the house, and the ladders are in our shed at the bottom of the garden. You say you'll collect your stuff and be around in a short while. I watch you walk back towards your house. Your arse is delightfully peachy, your shorts tighter than I first realise. A lot of women would be jealous of having an arse that nice. Me, I just want to kiss and bite your arse cheeks while cupping your balls with one hand and wanking you off with the other. Oh, how very rude of me! I remind myself I'm still a virgin and giggle to myself.

I walk down and open the side gate, just as you get there. I let you through, pointing you towards the shed. You look me up and down, rooted to the spot. I ask if you are okay, and you stutter that you'd expected me to put on a top now. I realise I'm standing by my open gate showing my still erect nipples off to the world. I tell you I'm in my own garden, but there's not much to see anyway. You blurt out that they are small but beautiful, and blush as you do so. I thank you for the compliment but remind you that you didn't come around to stare at me. I laugh, and it puts you at ease.

You grab the ladders from the shed, and on the way back ask if my dad is planning on some building work. I tell you no and ask why you thought so. You tell me that there's seems to be quite a few hammers lying around, not in their toolboxes. I'd forgotten I'd been trying some for size yesterday. I tell you that it's me that uses them, and you laugh. You wouldn't be laughing if you saw how I use them.

I glance down at the front of your shorts. Are you semi-erect, or is that your normal size? Either way, those shorts are tight. And you're mocking me for being topless? You tell me you're going to start around the front. Start around the front, finish off around the back sounds like a great idea I tell you in a flirting voice. You smirk at me and walk off to the front of the house. Your arse almost waves at me as you walk away, I swear those shorts are getting tighter by the minute.

As you start cleaning the windows, I jump back in the pool, after putting my bikini top back on. I give it a few minutes, then walk around to the front of the house. I don't need to, they're already erect, but I tweak my nipples. You're doing the top of the lower window, a few rungs up the ladder. I ask if you want a drink, and you stare at me but don't answer. Your crotch is almost level with my head, I get an urge to push my face into your groin. You finally tell me you'd love a drink, but maybe later when the windows are cleaned. I tell you okay, but I'm going back inside now so shout to me when you're done.

I walk off into the house, I feel your eyes burning on my arse as you stare. Maybe my exaggerated hip movements don't help. I half expect to hear you crash off the ladders as I hear an audible gasp from you. I smirk to myself as I enter the house. I stop in the kitchen, I need to take off this wet bikini and don't want to leave wet footprints around the house either. Putting the towel on the floor, I slide the wet briefs off my arse and down my legs and remove the top.

I dry myself off, then try to work out where you are. I walk into our living room, I can see the ladders. The towel only loose around me, I walk towards the window, enough to see your feet. I sit on the sofa on the towel, looking up at your legs. I can see your bulge from below. I spread my legs and rub at my clit, my tongue out, imagining you coming down the ladders and your balls coming to rest on my face.

I walk up the stairs, naked with the towel in my hand. I try to work out timings, to give you 'accidental' flashes through the windows. I open my parent's bedroom door and see the ladder by the window on the side nearest to me. I walk in, around the bed, pretending I haven't seen you. I squat down and look through the two drawers at the base of my mum's wardrobe. Mirrored doors let me glance up and see you looking at me, motionless. You're supposed to be cleaning the windows naughty neighbour!

I get down onto all fours to search the bottom drawer. I'm not even looking for anything particular, but I start getting out various lingerie items she has. I see one at the back I don't recognise and pull it out. It's a black fishnet bodysuit. I pull it out and gasp, as an eight-inch lifelike dildo gets pulled out with it.

I'm very aware of my mum's liking for lingerie, we've gone shopping enough times together that I know where most were bought. But I didn't know my mum had a dildo. I pick it up and examine it. It's thick and has lifelike veins. I stand up, glance in the mirror, and see you still looking. I'd forgotten you were there due to the dildo surprising me.

I run my hands around it, and stroke up and down its length. I glance in the mirror, see you looking, see you not cleaning the window anymore, see you tenting in your shorts. I put the dildo to my mouth and lick the end. I swear I see your shorts move as your cock jerks.

Keeping my back to the window, I pick up various items of lingerie and try them across my body, seeing what they'd be like on me. I make a note to try the fishnet bodysuit on some time, seeing your shorts jerk again. That time isn't now, however.

If I walk around the bed I have to walk past the window, making it too obvious I know you're there. I roll across the bed and go into the shower. I feel the warm wetness over me, and see your shadowy figure through the frosted glass of the outer window. Between that and the shower screen misting up, and knowing you won't take long to clean that window, I wash my hair only.

I get out, see that you've moved. I dry myself as quick as possible and holding the towel in my hand leave the bathroom and walk across the landing to my bedroom. I don't have to look, I know you're there, I know you see my nakedness, I know you see my perfect arse smiling at you as I drop the towel on the floor and bend to pick it up. I'm such a fucking tease.

I walk into my bedroom, leaving the door open. I rub my hair a little more and lie the towel across the bed. My bed is right by the window, my pillows under the window ledge. I have matching wardrobes to my mum, so have mirrored doors pointing towards the window. I hear the ladders being moved to the back of the house. I know you'll clean the large kitchen windows that open onto our patio first before climbing up to do mine.

I reach across the bed and take out my hairbrush. I start to brush my hair, then lie back on the towel instead. I think about the bulge in your shorts, and my hand wanders instinctively to my damp pussy, much damper than I expected it. I plunge three fingers in and coat the handle of the brush. Turning it around, I slide the handle inside myself, moaning softly as I do so. Leaving it inserted, I hook my arms to pull my knees up, use a couple of fingers to wipe up some excess pussy goo, and slide two fingers into my arse.

I groan at the feeling, watching myself in the mirror. My fingers feel nice in my arse, but I need something else. I wish I'd have bought mum's dildo with me, but also don't want to stop to fetch it. I look around the room. A candle? My curling tongs? I have another hairbrush, this one has a ridged pattern on the handle. I turn to the side, and can just reach it. Resuming my former position, I replace my fingers with the brush, after lubing the handle.

I hold the brush heads close together, and can push both in at the same time. They feel good, but I still wish I had the dildo here. I hear the ladders move, and hear you climbing up them. Through the mirrors I see you appear, your mouth dropping open at the sight in front of you. I see your hand brush across the front of your shorts. I try to concentrate on pushing both of the brushes into me.

I quickly swap over onto my front, arse in the air with two hairbrushes sticking out of my arse and pussy, juices trickling down my legs. I lay with my face on the towel, twisting it to look down the bed, so I can still see you through the mirror. I gasp as I see you have your cock out and are gently stroking it.

I have to admit, my arse does look very inviting from this angle so I don't blame you for having a wank. I start to work the brushes on my holes and hear the ladder clattering against the window. I watch that, it doesn't look steady at all, the ladder moving slightly away from the window and back with your movement. I panic. I don't want you to fall. The ladder moves and you stop. I panic again, look up, and wave you to come inside before I realise what I'm doing.

You don't need a second invitation, as you clamber down the ladder at record speed. I giggle to myself as I wonder whether your cock is still out. I hear the door open and close downstairs and footsteps up the stairs, and you enter the bedroom.

I tell you to take off your shorts and not talk. I tell you I saw you wanking over me but it's safer if you wank in here instead, but explain I don't want to fuck you as I'm still a virgin. You simply nod as you stand naked in front of me, your cock as long as mum's dildo.

I turn sideways on the bed, my feet hanging off the side by you, my arse pointing directly at you. I turn my head to watch through the mirrors and tell you to work the brush in my pussy while I use the other in my arse, so I can play with my clit too.

We work almost perfectly in unison, like a well-oiled piston. Brushes, fingers, and strokes of your cock perfect symmetry. I feel my orgasm brewing inside me, and tell you so. I work the anal brush and my fingers faster, and you match my pace. My body shakes as I come, and my hands drop down to support myself, the brush still wedged fully into my arse. Leaving the brush impaled in my pussy too, you put a hand on the small of my back and through the mirror I see you shoot stream after stream of cum across my lower back, some of it dripping down my arse and around the impaled brush handles.

If my butterfly tattoo was real, I fear you'd have just drowned her.

I drop off the bed and squat in front of you, taking your cock and wiping it clean across my chest, my still erect nipples raking along your glans, making you groan out loud.

You tell me you need to finish the windows and wander off. I need to shower again, but properly this time.

Later when my parents are back, I tell my dad you came around to clean the windows like he'd asked, and my dad said he didn't know what I meant, he'd not asked you to clean them. He did say he'd tell you thanks when he saw you, I told him he didn't need to, I'd already thanked you properly.
