The Femme Fatales:
Sapphire - Leader of the Femme Fatales. 6'4" tall, 38D, with long brown hair and blue eyes. Powers include super strength, super speed and flight. Power level: Alpha Prime
Amber - 5'8" tall, 36C, with pale blonde hair and unusual yellow gold eyes. She has the power to generate, absorb and manipulate energy. Can create energy shields, generate energy blasts and can fly as well. Power level: Alpha Prime
Jade - 5'2" tall, 34B, Japanese woman with long black hair. An expert in martial arts, Jade has the power to alter her body's composition to where her skin is stronger than steel. She also cannot be knocked out or rendered unconscious. Power level: Beta
Onyx - 5'9" tall, 36C, African woman with long black hair. Onyx is a powerful telepath and has the unique ability to teleport instantly to another location. Her maximum range is not currently known, but Onyx has been able to teleport over several miles. Power level: Alpha
Ruby - 6'2" tall, 38DD, with red hair and green eyes. Ruby can make her body become insubstantial as a ghost. This power lets her float, walk through walls and even become invisible. Power level: Beta
James the "Pharmacist" - Master of the Femme Fatales. A genius at making drugs and technological gadgets, he has permanently made the Femmes his loving slaves as an act of revenge, although he has let them continue to be their usual heroine selves otherwise. A tall, slender and dark haired man, he has come to love the women and uses his intellect and skill as an inventor to assist them in their crimefighting. Though he suffers a certain amount of guilt over not reverting them back to their old selves, he can't quite make himself give them up.

It was a dark and rainy night in Vanguard City. A night when smart people stayed indoors where it was warm and dry. It was the late hours of the evening, when most are already home and asleep or just closing down the bars and nightclubs. Unfortunately, it was also the time when less than upstanding citizens are out and about, committing less than decent acts.
A dark shadow slowly and silently made its way down a narrow alleyway, pausing every so often to stop and look at each darkened doorway it passed. Finally finding what it was searching for, the dark figure stopped before a particular door and then pointed one finger towards the door. The doorknob began to glow, as if red hot, then even brighter. Within seconds it began to melt, the molten metal dripping down the face of the door. The figure raised its hand and waited a moment, then idly pushed the door open and walked inside.
The silent intruder made their way through the building, their stride confident and purposeful, as if they knew exactly where they were going. Walking down a narrow hallway, the prowler stopped, then quickly melted the doorknob and lock on another door, then walked inside the room. They then made their way directly to a painting on one of the walls. Reaching up, they removed the painting and looked at the hidden wall safe revealed behind it.
Once again, the intruder raised a hand and pointed a finger, this time at the dial on the safe. Using much more precise control than they had used on the doorknobs and locks, the thief used their power to melt a ring around the dial itself, causing it to fall away and expose the locking mechanism of the safe itself. The thief then focused their power on the locking bar only, causing it to melt and release the door of the safe.
After a moment, the thief swung the door of the safe open and looked inside, then reached in and grabbed a small bag sitting on a shelf of the safe. Using one hand to quickly generate a flare of light, the intruder looked in the bag and noted the gleam of the light reflected off the facets of the diamonds in the bag. They quickly stuffed the bag inside a pocket of the black jacket they wore and reached back inside the safe. The thief removed 4 more small bags and placed them in their jacket.
They were just reaching for a 5th bag when a voice said "Didn't anybody ever tell you it isn't nice to steal?"

High above the city, Amber of the Femme Fatales flew her nightly patrol, keeping a watchful eye open and listening to the police radio chatter on the receiver in her ear. Each of her fellow heroines had one of the tiny devices, created by their Master James in order to more quickly assist local law enforcement. It was just one of many technological gadgets and items James had created over the last several years to help the women of the Femme Fatales.
Amber smiled to herself as she thought of her Master. It had now been almost 5 years since James had come into their lives, turning all 5 members of the superheroine group into his personal harem of sex slaves. They were completely obedient to his will, yet he had left their personalities almost completely intact and had not interfered with their work protecting Victory City. Other than implanting a desire for each other in their minds and a complete worship of himself, her Master had left them pretty much the same as they had been before he had enslaved them.
She couldn't help but feel her pussy grow wet at the thought of her Master and his wonderful cock, as well as the thought of the sweet taste of her sisters' pussies. They routinely indulged in their pleasure for each other, as well as giving James all the sex he could handle. She chuckled softly and thought that she had it pretty good for being the sex slave of a man. It could've been a lot worse.
She was idly musing on that thought when she heard a report come in over the police radio that a silent alarm had been tripped at the jewelry store near 5th and Maple. She heard two different units respond that they were en route, but she decided to drop in and give them a hand as she was in the immediate vicinity.
Landing in the alley behind the store, she noted the door with its melted lock. An alarm bell went off in her mind, as your usual robbers don't melt locks, they pick them. Touching the bracelet on her arm, another helpful device created by her Master, she contacted Jade, who was also on patrol that night.
"Hey, got something weird going on at the jewelry store. Contact VCPD and tell them to have the officers remain outside."
Jade's voice came back to her "Something wrong Amber?"
"Don't know yet, but whoever broke in here, they melted the doorknob and the lock. May be powered. I'm headed in to take a look."
"Copy that. I'm headed your way just in case. Keep in contact ok?"
"Will do Jade."
Amber quietly walked into the building, her senses alert to any sound or movement. She was about to turn and head towards the lobby when she caught the faint smell of something burned. Turning and silently moving down the narrow hall, she came to another door with it's knob melted off. Looking around the corner into the room, she watched a dark figure pulling something out of what appeared to be a wall safe.
Amber used her power to summon energy into her hands, then walked into the room and said "Didn't anybody ever tell you it isn't nice to steal?"

Amber watched the dark figure freeze, then slowly turn towards her. She noted that the individual was not very tall, maybe only a little over five foot in height and definitely female. Even with a jacket on, it was impossible to hide a set of tits like those. The woman slowly lifted her hands up, to show she was unarmed, though Amber kept a wary eye on her hands anyway. Powered beings didn't need guns to be dangerous.
The blonde Femme Fatale slowly advanced on the thief and asked "Who are you?"
"None of your damned business." came the reply, and then bolts of fire blasted from her raised hands, proving she was indeed powered.
Amber barely had enough time to generate an energy shield around her before the flames reached her. Utilizing her own power, she quickly began draining the energy being hurled towards her, drawing the heat out of the raging flames. She saw fear and consternation in the eyes of the mysterious woman and knew she could feel what was happening.
"Fuck! Well, if I can't beat you, try this on for size!"
Suddenly, flames completely filled the room. The carpet, the walls and even the ceiling almost immediately began burning intensely. Amber cursed and tried to maintain her shield, while at the same time, began focusing her power on drawing the heat energy from the flames in an effort to control the raging inferno around her. It was taking a lot of power though, as the amount of energy her opponent had generated was enormous.
"You crazy bitch!! What the hell are you doing?!!" She yelled at the woman.
"What does it look like blondie? Keeping you busy while I get out of here!" The woman quickly used her power to blast a hole in the floor. She immediately jumped down into it and disappeared.
Amber was torn between trying to contain the fire and going after the thief, but knew she couldn't leave this building to burn if she could help it. She muttered about "crazy assed firebugs" and focused all her power on draining the energy from the fire, part of her mind noting just how much energy the fire user had been able to generate to make the flames. Smoke filled the air and Amber used a small amount of her power to generate an energy bubble, pushing the smoke away from her so she could breathe.
After several minutes of intense focus and concentration, she was finally able to drain the last of the energy from the fire, leaving the room blackened and burned, but the rest of the building was undamaged. They'd need some serious remodeling done in here, but thankfully that would be all. She was still breathing heavily from the exertion when Jade came running into the room.
"Hey Amber, you ok??"
"Yeah Jade...I'm...ahhh...fine." Amber continued to breathe heavily for a moment. "Just...a little tired...after that."
Jade looked around the room and shook her head. "What the hell happened in here?"
Amber sighed and ran her fingers through her sweat dampened hair. "She did."
"She? She who?"
Amber shrugged. "No idea. Powered and can use heat energy or fire generation. Not sure which. I surprised her, asked her who she was and she attacked me. When that didn't work, she torched the place, then burned a hole in the floor and split. There's an old subway tunnel down there so she's long gone by now."
Jade looked at her with wide eyes. "Pretty powerful for a petty thief."
"Oh, there's nothing petty about her." Amber muttered, then walked over to the open wall safe. Reaching inside, she pulled out a still smoldering bag and looked inside. "Diamonds. She was stealing diamonds. Sapphire will wanna know about this one for sure."

Meanwhile, across town in a large, luxurious home, the previously mentioned Sapphire was engaged in firefighting of a different kind. She was currently on her hands and knees, her pussy burning with pleasure as her Master's large, thick cock plunged in and out of her tight, wet hole.
"Mmmmm yesssssss...ahhh fuck me Master!" she cried as James thrust into her over and over again.
Sapphire loved these nights, when she got her wonderful Master all to herself. She loved her sister crimefighters dearly and was always perfectly happy to engage in sexual play with any of them, but these were the times she secretly enjoyed the most. When her Master's attention was focused on her and her alone.
James smiled and squeezed the firm cheeks of her ass as he grunted and groaned with pleasure, burying his cock completely inside her cunt with each stroke. Even after all this time, his attraction to his sexy heroines had yet to diminish. He inwardly couldn't imagine that it ever would. They were amazing, both in and out of bed, and he couldn't picture his life without them in it. While he occasionally felt twinges of guilt over having enslaved them all, he was honest enough with himself to admit he'd never willingly give them up.
While he had initially enslaved all 5 of them out of a twisted desire for revenge over a scheme of his that they had foiled long ago, he had come to admire and even love them all. The sex he had with each of them, hell even all of them on occasion, was still as mind blowing as ever, but he had realized some time ago that he did actually love and care for them all and was proud of their efforts to make the world a better place.
Not that any of that mattered at the moment, he thought with amusement.
Right now, all that mattered was how tightly his gorgeous slave milked and squeezed his aching cock with the tight, slick walls of her pussy as he fucked her hard and fast. All that mattered was the sound of her passionate moans as she thrust back hard against him. All that mattered right now was the feeling of his balls tightening and his cock swelling as his climax neared.
Sapphire cried out in ecstacy as she came, gasping and moaning as she felt her Master's cock pulsing inside of her, his hot seed filling her pussy as he climaxed with her. She collapsed onto her stomach, feeling James' weight on top of her as he rested a moment as well. She moaned slightly as she felt his cock slide out of her, then rolled onto her back and looked up at him. James smiled and kissed her deeply, then groaned softly in amusement as he felt her fingertips start stroking his cock lightly.
"You insatiable slut." he chuckled softly and looked down into her eyes.
"Mmmmmm always for you Master." she laughed.
Suddenly, there was a hard knock on the door and then Ruby stuck her head in. "Sorry to interrupt my loves, but we have a problem. Amber had a run in with a powered woman and she and Jade are on their way back. Better get dressed."
The red headed woman shut the door and James sighed, then chuckled softly and kissed Sapphire again. "Ah the life of a hero."
She laughed and hit him with a pillow.

They were both dressed and waiting downstairs when Jade and Amber arrived, Amber still smoke streaked and looking a bit on the ragged side. Onyx and Ruby were both waiting as well and were both shocked and dismayed at their poor teammate's current condition.
"Good lord girl, you alright?" Onyx strode quickly over and put an arm around Amber. They had been friends for years and had been close, even before James had turned them into lovers as well.
"Yeah babe, I'm fine. Just slightly wore out." Amber sighed, then smiled and hugged her friend. "Whoever she was, she was a powerful bitch."
James frowned at that, looking at her. "How powerful sweetheart?"
"Well Master, she was able to hurl enough fire at me to fry a tank, then turn that room into an inferno in nothing flat and then still had more than enough power left over to burn a hole through the floor in about 3 seconds and take off. She's no lightweight, that's for sure. She was definitely at least a high level Beta, maybe higher."
Jade headed for the lab downstairs, as the group's computers and other work related stuff were housed down there. "I'll take a look through all of our records on powered villains and see if anything comes up."
James nodded, then looked at Amber. "Go clean up and get some sleep. You look like you could use it."
Amber nodded and headed upstairs, while James and the others headed downstairs to wait and see what Jade could find on their mysterious adversary. She was busily entering information on the computer and looking up at the main screen. There were several images of various individuals popping up and disappearing as Jade went through them.
"Ok, I've already eliminated any male suspects, since Amber's sure it was a woman. She also told me on the way here that the woman was fairly slender and short, at most only a little over 5 feet tall, so I've removed any that didn't match those parameters. Hmmmmmm...looks like we have only 2 potential matches, based on what we know about this woman and her power levels."
Jade enlarged one picture on the screen, showing a young woman in her early to mid 20s, black haired and grey eyed. "This woman goes by the name of Darkfyre. She's a high end Beta level power, known to be able to generate flames up to almost 1500 degrees Fahrenheit. She's 5'2" tall and definitely on the slender side."
Sapphire asked "Any word on her whereabouts?"
"She was busted by The Freedom League last year trying to rob the Grand National Bank over in Tarton and was sentenced to the federal Powered Felons prison. I'm waiting on clarification from them that she's still there."
Jade then pulled up the other picture on the screen, the image of a beautiful but angry looking red headed woman with pale blue eyes, who appeared to be in her late 20s. "Which brings us to contestant number 2. This is Flare. She's rated as a low end Alpha power, but that's only an estimate. As you know, Amber's an Alpha Prime. In order for anyone to even make her break a sweat, they'd have to be a high Beta or higher. This woman would be strong enough to do that. Flare is also 5 feet tall and is on the petite side too."
Just then, Amber came walking into the room. "Do you have full body pictures of either of them?" She asked, still drying her hair with a towel and wrapped in a fluffy white robe.
"Sure thing hon." Jade hit a couple of buttons, bringing up full body pictures of both villains.
"Well, it's definitely not Darkfyre. Her chest is too small." Amber said decisively.
James chuckled softly and shook his head. "Noticed her tits huh?"
Amber smirked and winked at him. "Of course Master. Whoever she was, she had a pretty nice rack on her."
Amber walked up closer to the screen and looked intently at the woman's image. "Hmmmm, I can't say it was this one for certain, but she's certainly built like her...and that look on her face. I could easily picture this one telling me something was none of my damned business. She looks like a cold one alright."
Jade looked up from her computer screen. "Just got confirmation from the warden at the prison. Darkfyre's still there, so it definitely wasn't her. Looks like this may be our gal."
James walked up behind Jade and looked at her computer screen. "Now that's damned peculiar. Says here that Flare is a top dollar assassin, used by only the most powerful crime families when they want someone taken out. That means she's very well paid...so what the fuck is she doing robbing a jewelry store??"

At that moment, far across town in a modest and innocent looking home, the object of their discussion was currently on her knees before a tall, dark haired woman. Flare's head was bowed, her body naked as she knelt submissively before the imposing figure before her. The woman was tall, with raven black hair, large breasts, long, powerful legs and clad in a long black robe. She was also currently blistering the air with her curses.
"Damnit Flare! I sent you to do one small errand and you couldn't even accomplish that?!! I needed all of those damned diamonds! What fucking good are you to me?!!" She roared.
"I'm sorry Mistress Malice! It's not my fault! There was a powered woman who showed up. She had powers stronger than mine!"
The woman known as Malice stopped in mid tirade. "Her powers were stronger than yours? Hmmmmm, I see. There aren't that many powered beings in this city, and very few women who would be greater in strength than you are. Tell me slave, what did this woman look like?"
Flare frowned in thought. "She was blonde, fairly tall, though not as tall as you Mistress. She was able to drain the power of my fire though. That's how she was able to keep it from burning up the whole building. I could feel her pull on the energy even as I tried to make the flames grow."  
Malice thought for a moment and then cursed angrily. "Damnit! That must've been Amber of the Femme Fatales! She's an energy channeler and an Alpha Prime too. I had forgotten that group of interfering cunts lived in this city."
Malice sighed, then muttered and paced back and forth. "My plans are too far along to quit now. Not when I'm so close! We'll just have to either avoid them or...hmmmmm."
"Or what Mistress?"
Malice laughed softly, a dark and evil sound. "Or else I'll just have to make them slaves like you, my little firebird."
Malice laughed cruelly, then strode up to Flare. She pulled open her robe, revealing her magnificent naked body beneath. She reached down and grabbed the little redhead by her hair, then pressed her pussy against Flare's face.
"Now lick your Mistress's cunt slave! I'll at least get SOME satisfaction out of tonight!"
Flare moaned softly in pain and fear, but quickly obeyed. No one disobeyed Mistress Malice. At least, no one who wanted to live.
Malice laughed as she felt the warm, wet tongue slide into her already wet pussy. It always aroused her a great deal to use a powerful being like Flare as her sex toy. It aroused her even more knowing that Flare would kill her if she could, yet was completely within her power. She had long dreamt of having great power and it was now almost in her grasp. After years of working for others, watching powerful people do what they wanted while she busted her ass, she was finally on the brink of achieving power greater than any of them.
Soon now, very soon.
"Yesssss...ahhhh lick my cunt you little slut. Too bad for you that the Mantoni family sent you to kill me. They thought I was just a nobody to be taken out for daring to challenge them. Well, they found out differently, and so did you. I'm glad they sent you though. Thanks to you...mmmmm yessss...I was able to obtain the other items I needed, as well as my other "assistants". They should be here tomorrow too."
Malice ground her hips, pushing her pussy against the other woman's face as she laughed with pleasure and power. She pinched her nipples with her free hand, enjoying the tingling sensation as Flare's warm wet tongue licked her deeply.
"Soon I'll have all the power I need. Mmmmmm...and if those superheroine bitches get in my way, I'll put them on their knees right beside you. HAHAHAHAHAH!!"