The Costume Contest
by OneWifetoLive

The Costume Contest Pt. 01

The stakes for the contest just got a lot higher.

Colin and I had only been dating a few months when he invited me back to his hometown for his buddy's "Halloween Blowout." I didn't think too much of it, I'd been to a costume party or two in my day, but apparently this was a very big deal.

"Just so you know, Riley, we take this really seriously," he started. "So, your costume needs to be really good or really hot or some mix of the two."

"Would we be dating if I wasn't good and hot?" I volleyed.

"True story," he smiled. "But just know that things can get competitive."

"It's a party, Colin. Aren't we just going to drink and bullshit?"

"Yes..." he stammered. "But, you know this is the group of guys I've known since elementary school. We're practically brothers."

I cocked an eyebrow and smirked.

"And this is their first time meeting me and it's important to you that they like me," I finished.

He nodded.

I gave him my prettiest smile and replied, "What's not to like?"

"Not a thing," he responded as he moved in and kissed me. "Other than a lame costume."

"Got it," I replied. "We could go as a couple. What are you wearing?"

"Well, the guys do this thing where once they start a new job they do something based off of it. Frank went as Robocop the year he graduated from the police academy. Drew was charred fireman when he started at Hook and Ladder 12. Since this is my last year in medical school I thought I'd go as a mad doctor."

"I could go as your nurse, if that isn't too basic," I offered.

"Pretty basic. But there's nothing wrong with a sexy nurse," he smiled as he pulled me close.

"Oh..." I laughed. "A sexy nurse. You'd be OK with me showing off some leg and cleavage in front of your buddies?"

Colin started to kiss up and down my neck, which drives me crazy. "As long as I get a check up afterwards..."

"OK...but...I'm not going to be the only girl there showing off her goodies, right?" I asked.

He laughed and said, "Oh no, half the fun of this is seeing women you're used to seeing in sweaters running around practically wearing lingerie."

That lingerie line stuck with me for a bit. If girls are going to be wearing such skimpy attire, then a nurse's outfit can't possibly be too risque, right? It really opened the door to let my imagination race.

For starters, I hit the local Halloween shop. All of the costumes were trash. Flimsy pieces of fabric that wouldn't hug my curves properly. And seeing as I was teaching Zumba six times a week, my body was the fittest it had ever been.

Fortunately, I was able to snag some props there; nurse's hat, stethoscope, and a cute little garter that had a Red Cross on it.

From there, I actually hit a medical supply store and found a pretty sturdy nurse's dress. It wasn't very form fitting, but I was good enough with a needle and a thread to remedy that.

Add to that the white thigh high stockings and red stiletto heels I already owned and I think it was safe to say that Colin was going to get his hot nurse.

As I looked in the mirror the night of the event, I smirked because I looked so fucking amazing. I had brought in the waist and raised the skirt to just below my tight ass. I had unbuttoned the top enough to show off my 36D bust. The hat, the stethoscope, the heels, the garter, it all worked. I even made sure to wear a matching red bra and panties for when I gave Colin his "check up" afterwards.

Seriously, I could have just wandered off of a porn set.

Colin seemed to agree when he arrived to pick me up.

"We can skip this whole party thing, it isn't that important," he offered.

"Nice try, buddy." I laughed. "I've got some friends to impress with my heaving bosom."

Colin couldn't keep his eyes off of me on the drive there. And honestly, I couldn't keep my eyes off of him. He wasn't kidding when he said they went all out for Halloween. His mad doctor make-up was amazing.

"Have you thought about what you're going to say?" Colin asked.

"What?" I responded. "Say to who?"

"Oh shit, I forgot. We do a costume presentation for the judging where everyone gets up and says a little something."

"Judging and speeches?!"

He laughed, "It's really not that dramatic. Just think of something cute or naughty to say about being a nurse."

I gave him an annoyed look.

For some reason he found this hilarious. "Something like, I'm Riley the nurse, and I'm looking for an organ donor."

OK, now I was laughing.

"I'm Riley the nurse," I started, "And taking temperatures isn't the only thing I do anally."

Needless to say, the rest of the ride was full of us cracking medical double entendres.

When we finally arrived, I was relieved to see a very beautiful, very busty Black Widow and an equally gorgeous French maid smoking on the porch. I guess I was going to fit right in.

The next hour was a complete whirlwind of shaking hands, introducing myself, and hearing quick anecdotes about growing up with Colin. All of the guys were super nice and complimentary of my outfit. And after a few drinks, I was much less self-conscious about people potentially getting a peek at my tits or ass.

In fact, I made a point to arch my back and stick my tits out as we wandered around.

Everything was great until we met Neo and Trinity from "The Matrix." For some reason, Trinity gave me the dirtiest look and the worst cold fish handshake. And as the four of us stood there talking, I couldn't help but get the feeling she was looking me up and down.

Colin confirmed my suspicions afterwards. "Yeah, sorry Riley. I probably should have warned you about that. She's best friends with my ex, Amanda. So, it might take her a while to warm up to you."

"Well, seeing me half naked should help her opinion of me." I countered.

"It's helping my opinion of you," he laughed as he moved in for a kiss.

Unfortunately before our lips could meet he stopped and said, "Oh shit."

"Oh shit, what?" I asked.

"Oh shit, Amanda is here."

With that I turned around and saw Trinity and a hot blonde in a little Catholic school uniform staring right at us. They did not look happy.

We promptly retreated to the front porch.

"C'mon, Colin! I didn't know I'd be dealing with psycho ex-girlfriends tonight!"

"Relax, we didn't end on that bad of a note," he said. "We're probably fine."

Colin then addressed the Black Widow who was still smoking.

"Hey Marla, why's Amanda here?"

The Black Widow took a drag off of her cigarette and replied, "Because Angela invited her. Because Angela is the fucking worst."

Colin gave me an understanding look and said, "I'm sorry, this sucks. There's always some group dynamic bullshit. I'm going to find Ken and get to the bottom of this."

"She can hang out with us," the Black Widow offered.

"Yes, thank you." Colin said as he hustled off.

Ken, Amanda, Angela, Marla...so many new names I couldn't keep track of. I'm just going to refer to them as their costumes.

I sat down next to the Black Widow and turned down the cigarette she offered me. "Sorry about all this," she said. "Some girls don't know when it's time to leave the party."

This made the French maid burst out laughing.

"I'm sorry?" I asked.

"So, you've got this group of twenty or so guys, best friends since they were on the same kickball team in 1st grade. Holidays, vacations, parties, golf outings, barbecues, dick measuring contests, they do everything together."

I pause, "They don't really measure..."

The Black Widow laughed. The French maid chimed in, "I wouldn't put it past them."

"The thing is," the Widow continued, "is they all bring their girls to these events. It gets to be like these girls are the only girls you see. They become your friends. But, what happens when you stop dating the guy? You're no longer welcome at these events where all of your friends hang out. It's very traumatic."

"Every one of them tries to stick around, but it never works out. This will probably be poor Amanda's last hurrah."

"Oh..." I said, "I'm sorry if she's your friend."

This made the French maid spit up a bit of the beer she was drinking.

"Oh honey," the Widow laughed. "You don't know the half of it."

I was now officially confused.

"You see, there are two lifers. Two girls who are in such rock-solid, gonna-last-forever relationships with their men that we don't really worry about ever leaving the group. Me and Angela...er...Trinity."

I gave the French maid a puzzled look. She laughed and responded, "I love my guy, but we don't have the years that those couples have."

"The problem with that is; Angela and I hate each other." The Widow continued "She thinks I'm a bitch and I think she's a hypocritical, stuck-up bitch. We're probably both right."

"Whenever a new girl joins the group, she eventually has to pick sides. Most of the girls pick me because I'm actually pretty cool. But she's lured a few to her side. And, because you walked in on the arm of her best friend's ex looking like a million bucks, you probably had your side chosen for you."

She then stuck out her hand and said, "So, welcome aboard."

I shook it and laughed.

"And don't think I don't love the fact that they're in there hating Colin's hot new girlfriend with the perfect legs and huge tits."

I laughed harder.

With the new burst of confidence, I headed back into the house to look for Colin.

But, he was nowhere to be found. In fact, the house was complete devoid of all of the men. There were pockets of girls chatting, drinking, showing off their outfits, but no guys.

I was about to head back out to the backyard when I was stopped dead in my tracks. There I saw a handful of girls, standing and laughing at their friend. Among the girls was Trinity, and the girl they were all laughing at was Colin's ex Amanda.

What were they laughing at? Well, Amanda had stripped out of the majority of her Catholic school outfit and was now wearing only the white dress shirt. She had put a belt around her waist. The top was unbuttoned to show off her ample cleavage and a white napkin was resting on top of her head.

She was clearly supposed to be a nurse.

She strutted around with her hand on her hip, sticking her chest out as the women roared their approval.

That is until they saw me...then it got quiet, eerily quiet.

I locked eyes with Amanda, she smirked arched her back and said, "Awww...we're wearing the same outfit. How awkward."

Her friends lost it. I was so mad, so embarrassed, so...everything. I didn't want to cry in front of them so I stormed off to the bathroom.

I stood there, shaking, looking at myself in the mirror, trying to maintain my composure.

I glanced down at my unbuttoned top. My tits practically spilling out.

Ugh, I quickly redid two of the buttons. Wishing I could somehow stretch the

skirt down to my ankles.

That's when I heard a knock on the door.

"Hey, it's Marla. Let me in."

Not wanting to piss off the whole party, I unlocked the door.

The Black Widow entered with a look of pity on her face.

"Hey, I heard what happened. That's really fucked up."

"Yeah...well...I...we're probably gonna go," was all I could get out. I couldn't even turn and look at her.

"No no no no no," she replied. "You're on my side now. And we don't give those a-holes the satisfaction. Understood?"

I didn't respond. I didn't turn away from the mirror.

"Look, they pretend to be all open-minded and feminist and here they are slut-shaming you. That's the hypocritical shit in talking about."

I nodded.

"And half of them are wearing slutty costumes themselves."

She was right.

"So, let's go out there and show them that they can't get the best of you...or us."

It was amazing to have someone on my side. I nodded and turned around to face her.

"Oh..." she stammered, "Fuck no."

I was taken aback, had I pissed her off too?

"What happened here?" she asked as she pointed at my now-buttoned top.

"I...uh...it's too much. They're right," was all I could get out.

"Buttoning up will prove them right," she asserted. And with that, she stood close to me and started unbuttoning my top.

"Fuck, these are nice," she laughed as my tits came back into view.

"You win by not giving a shit what they think. They think you're a slut? Let's go be sluts." And with that she turned me so I was facing the door.

I took a deep breath and opened it, and as I was walking out, she slapped me on the ass. Maybe that's what I needed because I giggled and felt like a new person.

In my brain I half expected to immediately end up face to face with Amanda, but that wasn't the case at all. The guys were back and Colin had been looking for me.

"Hey, gorgeous," he said. "Sorry that took so long, the guys had adjourned out back to smoke cigars."

"No problem, I've just been hanging out with Marla."

"Oh good," he replied. "I talked to Ken about Amanda being here, he's really sorry."

"I...uh..." I said as I glanced back at Marla. "I think I can handle her."

And with that, the music stopped and Neo took the small stage that was set up. He started talking into a microphone.

"Alright boys and ghouls, it's time for the costume contest!" he bellowed. The crowd roared their approval.

As he called people's names, they came up on stage, showed off their costume, and gave a little speech. It was fun...funny...and some of the costumes were simply amazing. One thing I did notice is that the girls got a better ovation when they accidentally bent over or said something particularly dirty.

Everyone was having a good time, and I had almost forgotten about the previous unpleasantness. That is until Amanda was called to the stage.

She strutted up there, still wearing her impromptu nurse's outfit and took the mic.

"Hello, boys..." she started. "My name is Amanda, and some of you may think my costume is a sexy nurse, but the truth is I'm an attention seeking bimbo with big fake tits."

She then tossed the mic to Neo and started swiveling her hips, running her hands up and down her body, squeezing her tits.

Nobody knew how to react, there was some hooting and hollering, but most of the people were watching Colin and I.

Finally after what felt like an eternity, she skipped off the stage and laughed with her collection of buddies.

Colin pulled me toward him and whispered, "Hey, I'm so sorry. We can go."

And before I could respond, I heard a familiar voice over the loudspeaker say, "I don't care who's next, it's my turn."

As I looked up, I saw the Black Widow standing on the stage.

"You all know me, I'm Marla, and I'm the Black Widow. I had originally intended to come up here and say I was going to unleash the Hulk in your pants, but that doesn't feel appropriate right now."

"What I will say is I wore this tight outfit because it matches your buddy Captain America over there." Upon hearing that, her boyfriend raised his star-spangled shield and gave out a "Woo!"

"And, because it shows off my pristine ass." As she turned to give the crowd a good look, everyone gave out a "Woo!"

"So...I guess I'm an attention-seeking bimbo, too." This caused the audience to laugh and cheer.

She tossed the mic to Neo and proceeded to mimic Amanda's sexy dance. Rubbing her hands up and down her body, squeezing her tits.

But, she didn't stop there. She grasped the zipper at the front of her jumpsuit and slowly pulled it down to her navel.

She grapsed both sides of the top and slowly pulled them apart while thrusting her chest out.

What a scene, the crowd going insane, Amanda and her buddies standing there pissed off, and Marla standing on stage showing everyone her perfect tits in a lacy black bra.

And to his credit, Captain America was loving it.

She swiped the mic back from Neo, looked at me, and said, "I think you're next, Riley."

I was so overcome with emotion. Colin, pulled me close and said, "You don't have to do this."

But I wanted to, and I told him so.

I walked up onto the stage, shaking like a leaf. Marla handed me the mic and whispered into my ear, "Get 'em, you slut."

I laughed and faced the crowd. All eyes were on me. Especially Amanda and her quartet of very pissed off buddies.

"Wow, uh...my name is Riley, and I actually am dressed as a sexy nurse." This got a good laugh from the crowd.

"And originally I was going to say that I'm gonna need a semen sample, but I thought of something else."

I then looked Amanda dead in eye. "You see, I don't need to seek attention from men. Because when you look like this...you just naturally get it."

The crowd roared. Amanda just stood there seething. I loved it. I fucking loved it. I wanted more. I needed more.

"But, I guess if I had to actually seek attention, I could try something like this." And with that, I placed the mic in my pocket. I glared directly at Amanda, then lowered my gaze to my cleavage. I glanced back up at her and raised my hands to my chest.

The audience picked up what I was thinking and started to grow louder. I undid the first button, and my bra-clad tits popped into view.

Still looking at Amanda, I opened another one. Then another and another, until the dress was completely open in the front, giving everyone a view at my red panties.

"Oh..." I said as I retrieved the mic, "So much attention. Honey, is this too much attention?"

I looked over and saw poor Colin half-embarrassed, half laughing his ass off. Next to him was Riley, rubbing his shoulders, her jumpsuit still wide open.

"He's fine! He's fine!" she yelled.

"OK, good," I responded. "Cause maybe I could use a little more attention."

That was all the audience needed to hear as they roared their approval. I dropped the mic and slowly started to lower my dress off of my shoulders.

The mood in the room was electric, everyone was loving it. Well, almost everyone.

And as the dress hit the floor, I stood there wearing my heels, my thigh highs, red panties, a red bra, and a tiny hat.

I retrieved the microphone and went for the kill. "Oh...and how does that dance go?" I slowly started to grind my hips, my hands traveled up and down my body, grasping my tits.

The room was now rocking, except for one small pocket where four angry pairs of eyes glared.

It's then that I decided to go for the kill.

"Oh...you all are spoiling me," I sighed. "I've never received so much attention from so many wonderful boys."

"And girls!" Marla shouted.

"And girls, thank you, dear," I responded. "Oh and one last thing, for the record, these tits are real."

The crowd burst into a deafening "Oooo..."

And as if on cue, a Marla-esque voice sounded off.

"Prove it!"

I laughed, looked Amanda straight in the eye...and then slowly and deliberately reached for the clasp behind my back.

(I had no idea what I was going to do, but seeing Amanda rage was giving me all the courage in the world.)

That must've been enough, because a furious Amanda stormed off with her clique right in tow.

As the door slammed behind her, I was treated to a round a laughter from the crowd (and a sigh of relief from myself.)

But, as I turned to give Neo the mic, I heard that Marla-esque voice chime in again.

"Seriously...Prove it!"

To say the audience fucking loved this idea would be an understatement. Within seconds the entire room was chanting "Prove it!"

I turned every conceivable shade of red, but I have to admit that I didn't hate the idea.

With my back still to the audience, I reached back and unclasped my bra. I slowly pulled down the right strap, and then the left, before letting it fall to the floor. I cupped my bare tits in my hands and slowly turned around.

The room was electric with everyone hooting and hollering. I made eye contact with poor Colin, who was being shook to death by Marla. Any concern that he would be upset was quickly dissipated by the ear-to-ear smile on his face.

The chant continued for me to "Prove it." And I did. I slowly lowered my hands and placed them on my hips, exposing my rockhard nipples to the appreciative crowd.

And that...is how I won my first Halloween costume contest.


The Costume Contest Pt. 02

Amanda and Angela raise the stakes.

The rest of Halloween party was a blast. Once I had my costume back on everyone was congratulating me and complimenting me on how I handled the whole Amanda situation.

However, I was really worried about how Colin would react once the excitement died down. After all, I had just exposed my naked breasts to a room full of his friends.

But that didn't prove to be a problem. That night he fucked my brains out while asking me to describe the whole affair.

In fact, it became a fun little game we'd play. He'd lie in bed stroking his cock, while I'd reenact the little strip act I'd performed at the party.

It wasn't all awesome though, Amanda had started dating one of Colin's friends, so she was back in the circle. And whenever there was a group get-together, it was tres awkward.

But, my little display had earned me a friend for life in Marla. She had totally saved me that night. So, I was her loyal soldier in the weirdo feud that raged between her and the other girlfriend captain Angela.

Or whatever, it was all too dumb, I really just wanted peace.

But, peace wasn't in the cards.

Colin and I prepared for the Halloween party wearing our half of the rare "Couples Couple" costume. Colin and Marla's boyfriend (Deshawn) were dressed as Batman and Robin, while Marla dressed like Poison Ivy and I was Harley Quinn.

Now, before you get visions of a red and black bustier and hot pants, know that I'm more of a traditionalist. My costume involved a full length spandex jumpsuit, gloves, face paint and a harlequin headdress. It hugged my curves in all the right ways, but there wasn't an inch of skin to be found.

Marla went another way.

All she had on were green knee-high boots, green panties, a green bra and random leaves. Leaves that were placed on her body with some kind of theatrical glue. She looked amazing.

As we sat in the back seat on the way over, she grilled me. "What's with the puritan outfit?" she asked.

"This is traditionally what Harley Quinn looks like," I responded. "And it's really tight, right?"

"I guess," Marla admitted. "But I was hoping more for sexy nurse than actual nurse."

And when we pulled up to the party, I could see why. Apparently I had raised the bar the previous year, because the female costumes left very little to the imagination.

We entered the party and were blown away by the level of exposed flesh.

Think a half step up from the Playboy mansion. Barely covered tits and asses were everywhere.

And who had the least covered tits and ass? Marla's arch nemesis Angela. I'm not exaggerating when I say her costume was simply a white pair of panties and a strip of white bandage wrapped around her tits, covering her nipples. And a few other pieces of bandage for effect.

She was the sluttiest mummy you'd ever seen. And she looked fucking amazing.

"Oh...look what you started." Marla said in shock. Suddenly her bra and panties attire seemed tame.

They seemed even more tame when Colin's ex Amanda strutted by in a Harley Quinn outfit that was more movie accurate than mine. Except instead of a tight half t-shirt and booty shorts, she was wearing a tight half t-shirt and a thong. Oh, and she clearly wasn't wearing a bra.

And damnit, she looked phenomenal too.

Marla pulled me into an empty dark corner and said, "She's Harley too! Fuck, what do we do?"

"Do about what?" I asked.

"The costumes in this party went from a solid sexy 8 last year to an explosive slutty 10." she exclaimed.

"Not all of them...just most of them and...wow...you really can see Amanda's whole ass." I admitted.

"So, what do we do?" she asked.

"Nothing, they're not bothering us." I reasoned.

Marla thought about that and tapped her foot. "What do you even have on under this thing?" she asked as she unzipped my outfit from my neck down to my navel.

I gasped as my bare tits sprung into view.

"Marla!" I gasped as I covered my chest with my hands.

"No bra?!" she laughed.

"Or panties," I said as I zipped back up. "This suit is so tight I didn't want there to be any visible lines."

"Well at least do this," she said as she lowered my zipper to just below my breasts.

"And what about you?" I inquired.

"Block me," she said.

I turned my back to her so nobody could see what she was up to. When she was done, I was shocked to see her bra in her hand and her tits barely covered in her sticky leaves.

She looked amazing.

"Ok," she said, "Let's outslut those sluts." And with that, she lowered my zipper another inch and strutted off.

Colin and Deshawn were shocked when we found them. Deshawn kissed his girl and laughed, "Weren't you wearing a top earlier?"

She handed him the bra and matter of factly said, "Yeah and don't lose it because it's expensive."

"And what happened to you?" Colin asked as he looked down at my cleavage.

"Marla happened to me," I admitted.

"Oh stop, you two." Marla said. "Keep it up and I'll pull that zipper down to her toes."

"Like this?" Colin inquired as he slowly pulled the zipper down to my navel.

Holy shit...OK...him participating in Marla's game set me on fire. I was so turned on. But, this outfit was not designed for this. The littlest movement could result in my naked tits being exposed to everyone.

I zipped back up and swatted both Colin and Marla. Then I swatted Deshawn for good measure.

"What'd I do?" He asked.

"I don't even know," I insisted.

"Well figure out a zipper placement you're happy with, then we need to strategize," Marla said.

"Strategize..." I laughed to myself as I headed to the bathroom.

I stood in front of the mirror and started adjusting the zipper. Anything below my tits had the potential for disaster, so I decided to just pull it maybe halfway down.

I was just about to leave when Amanda entered in all her braless, thonged glory.

Holy crap, we'd never been alone before.

We just both kind of stood there frozen.

Finally, she took her place in front of the mirror and started adjusting her makeup.

My instinct was to leave, but I didn't. I turned to her and said, "Amanda, you look really incredible."

We both stood there stunned. Until finally she laughed and said, "You don't think this is too much?"

I smiled and replied, "You're talking to the girl who ended last year in only a thong, I think you'll be fine."

"I think Angela wants me to talk shit about you in my presentation, but I'm not going to."

"I appreciate that," I smiled.

"I am going to try to win this competition though," she smiled. "I'm not freezing my tits off for nothing."

"May the best Harley win." I responded.

It was then that we were interrupted by the sounds of the competition starting. We awkwardly said our goodbyes and good lucks and exited the bathroom separately so as to not give away what had happened.

I found my crew and we watched the proceedings. One by one the women went up there and showed off their goods. Panties were flashed and cleavage was exposed, but none of them had the guts to show off any actual nudity. The poor guys were basically ignored. One even jokingly asked why he was bothering.

Finally, Amanda was brought up on stage. She was now holding a Harley-themed baseball bat. The announcer held the mic in front of her and she said in her best Harley accent, "Hiya fellas, you know me, I kinda made a scene last year."

With that, everyone looked over at me to see my reaction, but I just smiled.

"And this year I'm gonna make a scene again," she continued.

"Oh shit," I thought.

"So, I want all of you bad boys to imagine that you're this bat, man," she giggled. And with that some music started up and she started to dance with the bat. Holding it up over her head at first, but eventually straddling it and riding it like a cock.

As you'd imagine, the crowd went insane.

Finally, she slid the bat up her shirt and basically started titty fucking it. As the music intensified, so too did her thrusts. And as the thrusts intensified, the bat started to lift her skimpy half top, until in the grandest of finales, she raised the bat to totally reveal her very impressive tits.

The place went wild as she bowed and skipped off stage. Everyone needed a cigarette.

"Holy shit," was all Marla said.

"See, that was good. She didn't mention me at all," I reasoned.

"Yeah, I guess it's cool," Marla admitted.

I watched Amanda cross the room as it seemed like Angela was giving her an earful.

The air of calm lasted until Angela took the stage in her skimpy mummy costume. She grabbed the mic away and said, "Hey daddies, it's the mummy. And unlike what happened last year, I'm not about to let some cunts show me up."

Whoa...the "c word"?! My jaw hit the floor, the whole crowd gasped, and Angela just stood up there smirking.

Music started and she began to dance. And if you thought Amanda was dirty, Angela was really going for it.

"Oh, that's it," Marla said as Amanda started to slowly undo her bandages.

"What's the plan?" I asked, now very pissed off.

"I have no idea." Marla admitted.

Amanda had the crowd rocking as she loosened the bandages on her body so they were barely hanging in place. And when she started to undo the ones that covered her ample chest, things reached a fever pitch.

"Alright," Marla said, "I'll go up first, and I'm going to strip me...then I'm going to strip you."

The crowd roared as Amanda slowly unraveled the bandage covering her tits. She held the bandages in place before finally revealing her bare nipples. But, she didn't stop there, she continued to sway as if she had something else in mind.

"Do whatever you want," I told Marla, "But let's keep my pants on. I don't know if I'm ready to show the whole world my pussy."

And as if she had read my mind, Amanda pulled her panties to the floor. Her bare pussy only being covered by a few flowing bandages she had loosened earlier.

Wow, she must've practiced that. She was bare ass naked, just barely covered by a couple of flowing pieces of cloth.

Before I knew what was happening, Marla was up on stage. The host held the microphone as she addressed the crowd. "Is this where we are now? You expect me to come up on this stage and start stripping?"

And with that she peeled off one of the leaf stickers that was on her stomach. The crowd roared their approval.

"You fucking pervs like this?" She said as she removed another.

Again the crowd was going nuts, she strutted around the stage with her back arched and her barely covered tits on full display.

Colin leaned over to me smiling and said, "I can't wait to see how you top this."

"Top this?!" I thought. He must really get off on people seeing me. I just smirked and winked because I had no plan whatsoever.

Marla continued to strut and peel off leaves much to the delight of the audience. Until finally she only had a pair of leaves covering her nipples.

She grasped the two leaves and slowly started to peel them off. The crowd was on fire, desperate to see her bare tits.

She looked out, then stopped. "Actually, why am I doing this?" she asked. "I'll tell you why, because of her." And with that she pointed off stage at me.

"Get your perfect ass up here, Riley," she chided.

"Oh shit, here we go," I thought.

I walked up on stage to the appreciative hoots and hollers of the audience.

"Wait! They can't have them both up there at once!" Angela protested. But the audience quickly shouted her down.

"Now, last year, this hot little number striped down to a teeny tiny thong," Marla said as she walked in a circle around me.

Marla continued, "So this year, every costume here, the skirts got higher and the tops got lower. And in some cases, the tops got removed all together." With that statement, she looked down at her own practically bare tits and gave them a nice squeeze.

"And how does she dress?" Marla asked. "Covered from head to toe, not an inch of exposed skin."

The audience playfully booed as I pretended to explain myself to Marla.

"At least have the decency to show them your bra," Marla said. And with that she slowly started to unzip my jumpsuit. The crowd got louder and louder as my cleavage became exposed.

She stopped at the bottom of my tits. My jumpsuit was stretched to the limit. My nipples weren't exposed, but it was clear I wasn't wearing a bra.

"Oh," Marla feigned. "You're not wearing a bra?"

I sheepishly shook my head.

"So if this zipper goes any lower, everyone is going to see your tits?" she asked.

I nervously nodded, but in reality I was really getting turned on. And the fact that what was happening was kind of out of my hands, really amped me up.

She grasped my zipper and slowly started to lower it. The crowd got louder and louder as more and more of my breasts came into view.

Finally, when the zipper was just at my navel, she stopped. The only thing that kept my nipples covered was the fact that a slight breeze hadn't blown my top completely open.

She circled behind me and grasped both sides of my top with her hands. Everyone was desperate for her to pull it open and honestly? I couldn't wait.

I was immediately transported to how exhilarating it was last year to show off in front of such an appreciative group.

And just like that, she pulled my top wide open, exposing my bare breasts and hard nipples to everyone.

The eruption was addictive. I tried to look shocked, but I was so fucking turned on.

Marla smiled and started to lower the jumpsuit off of my shoulders. At this point I really hoped she remember our pants-stay-on agreement.

Fortunately, she just pulled them down to my hips. I stood there, totally topless, not knowing how far this would go.

"Wow," Marla said as she strutted back in front of me. "I had forgotten how truly amazing this girl's tits are." I nervously swayed back and forth, giving everyone an eyeful.

"But these bottoms, Riley... we saw more last year," she continued.

My heart almost stopped. What is she thinking?

As she walked back behind me, I gave her a death stare. She responded with a wink.

She grasped both sides of my jumpsuit and started to slowly shimmy them down my hips. More and more of my stomach was exposed. The crowd buzzed with anticipation.

Finally, she stopped an inch or so above my shaved pussy. I breathed a sigh of relief as she asked, "Are you not wearing any panties?"

I shook my head, much to the approval of the crowd.

"Oh my god, you guys," Marla said as she looked out into the audience. She pulled my pants out so she could take a peek. And sure enough, she got a good look at my naked pussy.

I took this opportunity to glance out. Colin and Deshawn were having the time of their lives. Amanda was smirking too.

Angela? Not so much.

"Riley, do you want me to show your naked pussy to everyone here?" Marla teased.

I shook my head, much to the disappointment of the crowd.

"But I'd do anything to win this contest, even if it involves saying shitty things," she replied, looking directly at Angela.

"And I don't have many cards left to play," Marla said as she walked to my side. "I guess I could do this..."

And with that she slowly peeled the last of her leaves off, revealing her bare breasts. The crowd loved it.

"But what about her?" She asked as she once again got behind me.

She poked her head out from under my arm and dipped her hands down into my pants. Because they were spandex, you could see a clear outline of her hands as she caressed my thighs.

Up and down they went, fuck it felt good to be touched.

"Would this help us win, boys?" She asked.

A slight moan escaped my lips. In hindsight, I wonder if that just encouraged Marla to take her next step.

"Or how about this?" She asked as her hand traveled from my thigh to my wet pussy.

"Oh fuck..." I moaned. The audience, in awe, cheered their approval.

"Oh...you boys like this?" she asked as she slowly started to run a finger up and down my pussy.

I was shocked, turned on, practically shaking. Her finger traveling up and down and up and down.

"She seems to like it too..." Marla giggled.

Everything was a blur as Marla started to focus her attention on my clit. I looked down in shock, with the tight spandex there was no doubting what was going on.

Was this too far? Did I even fucking care? My hands instinctively started to travel from my sides where they were obediently placed up to my tits. I squeezed them as I looked out at the shocked audience and teased my nipples.

Steady moans escaped my lips. The rhythm increasing. Building and building. The audience cheering me on, their excitement building as well.

I was close...so close...so close...until I finally was able to focus for half a second when I heard Marla say...

"Cum for us, gorgeous."

That set me over the edge. I screamed as a thunderous orgasm rocked my body. The crowd exploded in appreciation as if they had all climaxed as well. For the first time instead of cheers, actual applause rang out.

I stood there shivering, but smiling. Embarrassed, but weirdly proud. Riley took my hand and led me in an almost dainty curtesy.

I darted off stage into Colin's waiting arms secure in the knowledge that i was going to be crowned a back-to-back champion.
