Madison's Team Happy Hour
by CastorbeanBen

The wife's coworkers get handsy after a few drinks.

I have previously written about my wife, Madison, and her love of all things fun. Practical jokes, game nights, dancing, athletics, and the most recent addition: teasing her tight-knit group of friends from work. So far, it has all been in good fun, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't find humor and arousal in it. Maddie is the opposite of shy. She's kind, adventurous, affectionate, adorable, and even in her late 20s, she refuses to let her playful energy subside. She is a tiny thing, 5'1" or so, but has a great toned body to match her youthful exuberance. Perfect handful B cup chest, the obligatory great ass, wavy blonde hair cropped just above her shoulders, an adorable lightly freckled face with big, innocent eyes, and a smile that never leaves her face.

A few weeks ago, we had kicked off the summer at a pool party with some of Madison's friends from work. We had a few drinks, and as is often the case, the party got a little out of hand, culminating in Madison experiencing a wardrobe malfunction on camera (see Madison's Swimsuit Malfunction for details). Everyone was good-humored about it, they deleted the photo, and Madison laughed it off, but at least half a dozen of her coworkers basically saw her nipples through a swimsuit that had turned sheer in the water.

Madison said it didn't affect her much at work. The coworkers who saw the photo were mostly in her tight-knit friend group, and they only joked about it for a day or two; and it actually served as a sort of ice breaker in their friendship that left her feeling more popular and connected with her team. They ate lunch together almost daily, occasionally grabbed drinks after work, and crushed sales goals left and right. They were doing so well that their supervisor, Larry, said the company was sponsoring a happy hour after work and giving small bonuses to their whole squad that Friday.

Friday rolled around, and Madison was feeling as chipper as could be. She had swung right home after work to freshen up and change before heading to some ritzy hotel bar in the city for the happy hour. It was a bit upscale, so Madison chose a daring black double split maxi dress with a swooping neckline and mostly open back. It was the style where the straps of the dress served as the entire top, and while not something most people would wear to a work event, it was a good deal less provocative than the swimsuit I had dared her to wear at the pool party. The splits in the skirt barely came up to her hips, and the neckline only dipped just below her breasts. She looked drop-dead gorgeous with her makeup done, her short blonde hair set in elegant curls, and a pair of black heels that matched the dress well.

The only thing that was bugging her was that she did not have a bra that went with the dress. It had a cut-out back and a plunging front, so there weren't many options. At the same time, the straps that made up the top weren't nearly secure enough to keep her from popping out and repeating her previous exposure mishap every time she leaned over.

"I'm half tempted to just risk it," Madison said while fidgeting with her top in the mirror for the tenth time. "I can try to be careful, and worst case, it isn't anything the guys at work haven't seen." She worked to stifle a grin as she considered her own words.

I'm sure the guys wouldn't mind," I responded casually, "But remember that it's technically a work party too. It's a bit different than wearing a bikini to a pool."

Madison considered this as she continued to test the top by leaning over, exposing her perky breasts to the mirror in the process. Going braless would have been exciting, but it was simply not a realistic option.

"Oh," she chirped as an idea hit her. "I almost forgot! I actually have some of those stick-on bra petal things!" Madison bounced over to her dresser, digging through it and quickly producing a pack of what appeared to be pasties.

They weren't exactly pasties. They had more coverage than you might imagine. They were round, flesh-colored, and roughly the size of a post-it note. She peeled one from its backing, pulled her dress strap to the side, and carefully placed it over her nipple, admiring how well the color matched her skin. Looking at it, you could barely tell she was wearing one other than that her nipple had vanished entirely from her breast. She pressed the other one into place and marveled at the effect.

"Oh wow," Madison beamed. "These are awesome! They're stickier than I was expecting, kind of like a band-aid."

Seeming satisfied with the pasties, Madison finished getting ready, kissed me on the cheek, and caught a Lyft into the city to enjoy the happy hour with her coworkers while I stayed behind to work on some yard projects. I got along great with Maddie's coworkers. Still, the weekend hours are so valuable in the summer, and I was working nonstop to finish a patio renovation as quickly as possible.

--

It was well after midnight by the time Madison got home. She had checked in via text several times and was with her coworkers, so I wasn't worried. She had been fumbling with the front door lock for a moment, so I got up from the couch and went to let her in. I noticed right off the bat that she was pretty tipsy, so I was glad she had opted for a Lyft.

"How was the happy hour?" I asked as Maddie kicked off her heels and greeted me with a tight hug.

Madison smiled up at me and answered with only a slightly inebriated inflection. "It was so fun! We had a great time at the hotel, the company paid for our drinks, and Larry said we are all getting $1000 bonuses!"

"Wow," said back with earnest surprise. "That's great! I'm glad they appreciate you! We could use the cash, but the acknowledgement is just as nice."

Madison released her hug, humming as she made her way to the master bathroom to wash the night off.

"It was so fun," Maddie sang. "The best part was really just having the team together and seeing everyone so happy. I'm really starting to love my job!" Maddie lowered her straps and shimmied out of her dress, and I noticed something missing.

"What happened to your pasties?" I asked with a startled curiosity. With her dress off, I couldn't help but notice that her pink nipples were on display, slightly reddish circles with some adhesive residue now taking the place of the pasties she had been wearing when she left.

"Oh my god," Madison immediately burst out in a laugh. "I've got to tell you about this! It's so funny. So, I got to the hotel lobby, and almost everyone was there, like 12 of us. Most people were dressed nice, but I was definitely overdressed. Everyone complimented my outfit, and I noticed the guys kept looking at my chest and down at my hips where the splits came up on my dress. The dress has a built-in leotard like most double splits, but the guys probably all thought I was just not wearing a bra or panties!"

"Wow, they were just checking you out like that?" I asked, imagining all of her coworkers with the same poorly-masked lustful expressions they had the first time they saw her in a bikini. Madison has a great body, and it's always fun to see people's reactions when they get a look at even a tiny amount of her skin.

"Basically," she replied, a smile still plastered on her face. "We all went over to the bar, and I ordered an amaretto sour, then we went and found a table. Everyone got a few drinks, and we were just hanging out between the table and the bar. The guys couldn't take their eyes off my dress, and honestly I was leaning into it. Mark and Phil sat on either side of me. I had the pasties on, so I leaned forward a bit, just so the guys across the table and to my side could get a peek. They probably thought they were so close to seeing my tits, they had no idea I was wearing pasties!"

Madison continued through an ear-to-ear grin. "We all ordered a few more drinks and just hung out, having a good time talking. I noticed that every time I moved, the guys would kind of change positions to try and see around my straps."

"We partied until they closed the bar around 11:30, then we all went out to the parking lot to talk a bit longer before calling for rides. The guys asked Larry if he could tell us how much the bonuses were, and he finally cracked and told us the amount. Everyone was so happy, Mark even came up, squatted down, and bear hugged me off the ground and spun me around!"

Mark was one of her coworkers I didn't know so well. He kind of looked like Jack Black, on the short, stocky side with messy black hair and a beard. He seemed like a fun guy. Doing the math, I knew that if he had squatted down to pick her up, her braless tits would probably be right in his face.

"So," Madison proceeded, "Eventually, Lena made a comment about my dress. She asked where I got it and said she was surprised I wore something so gutsy and that she would never be brave enough to go braless in a dress like this. At that point, I said, 'Who said anything about braless?' and pulled my straps to the side to show everyone my secret. A few of the guys gasped, then everyone laughed when they realized I had been wearing pasties all night, and they were craning their necks for nothing."

"I flattened my straps back out, but then Tom asked if we could all get a photo together with me pulling my straps apart since it was so funny. I agreed, and Lena took a photo on her phone of all the guys smiling behind me while I held my dress open. It totally looked like I was topless without nipples!"

"That's wild," I said with genuine surprise as I tried to wrap my head around my wife flashing her barely-covered breasts to her coworkers. "Do you have a copy of the photo?"

"Oh!" Madison exclaimed, "They posted them in the group chat!" Madison hurried for her purse to retrieve her phone, then opened their chat and handed it to me. I noticed that there were several photos, so I clicked on the first thumbnail.

Just as she described, Madison stood in front of her smiling coworkers, holding her straps aside and flashing her tits covered only by the pasties. It was still jarring, but all things considered, it wasn't as bad as the swimsuit photos that had gotten posted in the past. At least you couldn't see her nipples this time.

I flipped to the following picture and felt an immediate surge of something like anxiety or jealousy wash over me. The following photo was a nearly identical pose, except that her coworker Tom was standing behind her, his arms wrapped around, her straps pulled to the sides, and his hands firmly grabbing each of her breasts.

"Whoa," I said with shock. "What the hell is going on here?"

"Oh my god!" Maddie exclaimed. "That looks way worse than it is. So we took the first photo, and everyone was laughing about how funny it looked; then Tom asked me if we could take another photo where he was holding them from behind. I thought he was talking about holding the straps like I was, so I said okay, but then we lined up for the photo, and he reached his arms around, then pulled the straps aside and grabbed my tits!"

The photo seemed to back her claims up. She had a surprised expression and some motion blur seemed to imply that she was making a move to shake him off. Still, without context it looked like he was just grabbing her bare tits, and aside from the pasties, he basically was.

"So he grabbed your breasts? What did you do after that? Please tell me you slapped the daylights out of him."

"I smacked him so hard after that," Madison laughed with drunken amusement. "I couldn't be too mad since he had technically asked permission; I just misunderstood his question. It's not like he really touched much since I had the pasties on. It all just happened so fast."

"Okay," Madison chimed as I made to swipe to the last photo. "This one isn't as bad as the last one. So basically, after the photo where Tom has his hands over my tits, Phil wanted to take one just like it, but I was not drunk enough to start letting all of the guys grope my tits. Tom did it as a joke, but I had the feeling that Phil just wanted an excuse to feel my boobs. He kept asking over and over again, but I wouldn't cave. Eventually, I said that he could grab one over the dress if he would just shut up."

The next photo confirmed what she said. This one was just Madison and Phil. His arm was draped over her shoulders, and his hand was casually grabbing her right tit.

"See?" Madison said assuringly. "It's not even under my dress. Tom had done way worse, and everyone was egging me on, so I just let him do it. At first I wasn't crazy about the idea of them having photos where it looks like they were grabbing me, but it didn't seem like a big deal at that point."

This photo really wasn't half as bad as the one before. The difference was that Tom had done it quickly without Madison knowing what he was asking for. With this one, she had actually given her coworker permission to grab her breast. Still, this didn't seem as bad as the photos from the pool party.

"Looks like you had a pretty wild night," I said to her reassuringly. "But that still doesn't explain how you lost your pasties."

"Oh, I almost forgot!" Madison blurted out. "So this sounds kind of bad, but please don't freak out. So most people had left for home in their cars or Lyfts, and it was down to just Larry, Phil, Tom, Mark, and me waiting for our rides. While we were standing there, Mark asked me how the pasties work, so I pulled one strap aside a bit to show them they were like stickers. It made sense to them, but then Phil asked me how to take them off."

"I said that I figured I would just peel them off like a band-aid, but when I pulled at the edge, I noticed that they were really stuck on there. I pulled at it a little harder, and it started to peel, but it hurt, and I yelped a bit."

"You know I hate pulling band-aids off, so I was getting kind of nervous. I was picking at the edge, but then Mark said that maybe it would be better if I just ripped them off to get it over with quickly. I said I was too scared, so Phil and Tom offered to help me rip them off at the same time to be done with it fast. All I was thinking at the time was that I wanted them off, and I wanted it to be quick."

I was reasonably slack-jawed as Madison continued.

"So I agreed to let Phil and Tom help me. They stood in front of me, and I pulled the straps to the side for them. They each grabbed an edge of the pasties and asked if I was ready, so then we counted to three, and they ripped them off of my nipples. It hurt like hell, and I screamed so loud, the guys all just started laughing!"

I reasoned out the story's implications, but I was invested now and prompted her for more details.

"So," I asked, "You let them pull the pasties off your nipples? How did they do that without touching your boobs?"

"I guess they did kind of touch them," Maddie said sheepishly. "So they just gripped the very edge of the pasties, but they kind of used their other hands to hold my boobs steady. Like, Tom, just kind of cupped my left boob with one hand while he ripped it off with his other hand. Phil did the same, except he was grabbing my tit harder. They had already felt my boobs earlier in the night, and we were all tipsy; it just didn't seem like as big of a deal as earlier."

I didn't quite know what to say at this point. The whole situation was out of control. Madison and I both have flirtatious personalities, and we don't get upset over teasing, but this was the first time Madison had ever actively let someone touch her like this.

"So everyone saw your tits on full display then?" I asked, doing my best to keep a casually interested tone.

"For like, one second," Madison said with a nonchalant shrug. "They had already seen them in the photo from the pool party. After they ripped them off, I screamed from the initial zing, and the guys all started laughing, they both still had their hands on my tits, so I smacked their arms away. Tom dropped his hand off easily, but Phil definitely brushed his thumb over my nipple before I shook him, which would have left my tits out for maybe a few seconds while I stepped back and rubbed them."

"Wait," I interjected, "They watched you rub your nipples?"

"Well yeah," she replied matter-of-factly. "I was rubbing them because it hurt so much to have the pasties ripped off. The whole thing was over in maybe ten seconds, tops. After that, I adjusted my dress straps, my Lyft arrived, and we all went our separate ways."

"Oh!" Madison said sharply, followed by a giggle. "I let Tom and Phil each keep one of the pasties as a souvenir. I thought it was stupid, but they begged me. Larry and Mark seemed kind of jealous, but it may have been more about not getting to maul my tits all night like Phil and Tom."

"Well," I said, biting my lip, "I'm glad you had fun, but be careful with letting the guys touch you too much; I wouldn't want them to get carried away if you know what I'm saying."

Maddie nodded in agreement. "Oh, 100%. I wouldn't have let them grab my tits at all if Tom hadn't surprised me earlier, it didn't seem like a big deal after that. And they were covered by the pasties until the very end, so they didn't really feel much, aside from maybe when Phil rubbed his thumb over my nipple for like one second, which might have just been an accident."

"Right, but we agree that maybe we should keep the tit grabbing to a minimum?" I asked her, my lips curling back into a smile.

"The absolute minimum!" She beamed, leaping over to where I had sat on the bed and planting a kiss on my lips. One kiss led to more, and she was lifting my shirt off over my head in short order. She kissed me a few more times as her hands moved to my waist, undoing the button on my jeans, and then gently easing me back onto the bed so she could remove my pants. She then hopped up, kissed my neck, down to my chest, and all the way down my stomach, inching her mouth closer to my rapidly hardening cock.

"Now," she said in a low, sultry whisper while handing me her phone with the group chat still open. "Read me what guys are saying about the photos."

I started reading the long text conversation sparked by the photo of Tom holding Madison's tits from behind, while Madison parted her lips and started to slide them over my member.
