Ronunder, my cyber guy, Part One.

I have been exchanging email with a guy named Ron who has been getting me really wet with his words. Recently he came up with an idea that keeps racing across my mind so I decided to explore it by writing it out and see where it leads. I recently moved into a better office at work, which has an oval glass desk and a really cool all in one Sony computer off to one side, and a phone setup that is way cool also on the other. What Ron came up with is a cyber guy called Ronunder who I could call any time I wanted from outer space and he would immediately materialize under my desk and bury his face in my wet little vagina and suck and lick me while I work. Cool, hunh?

* * * * * * * * *

Well, I just called the Cyber Employment Agency and signed up for my own Ronunder and paid for a year in advance. They assured me he would be a hunk and would have a long fat tongue and be versed in all the ways to make a woman happy in her work. The lady said it would be activated in about an hour so I am sitting here nervously watching the clock and impatiently tapping my toes and fiddling with a pencil waiting for my Ronunder to make his first appearance. She said all I had to so would be hit the space bar on my computer since it is wired directly by satellite to Ronunder Central, and my man would be here instantly.

That clock isn't moving very fast, guess I'll go get some more coffee. While I am at it better go into the ladies room and check my privates and make sure I shoot a little spray of my strawberry perfume down there so my new toy will like my smell. As you all know, if you have kept up with my stories, I never wear any underwear,  and when I must it is usually a micro thong which barely covers my smooth little slit. Usually I wear a dress to work, and in the fall season like now my favorite is a grey, button up the front, knee length, soft cotton number that feels so good, sliding back and forth over my breasts and mound when I move, that I often have to run to the bathroom to relieve the pent up tension it causes in my body from it teasing my super sensitive nerve endings.

Anyway, I have my cup and a roll and walk back to my office glancing at the clock which seems to have stopped; it is going so slow! I slide into my leather executive high backed chair and put my feet up on my desk corner and cross my legs at the ankles and sip my coffee while I keep peering over the rim up at the clock. Tick tock it goes as the second hand jerks at each minute interval.

What will my Ronunder look like? Will he be tall or short? Will he have a cute smile? Maybe they can talk, too? That would be a nice accessory if they have it. I pick up the cyber phone and ask the lady and she says yes, they are in all ways just like a normal male person, complete with all the equipment necessary to make my day a pleasant experience and enhance my work abilities by relieving stress and tension throughout the working day. I hang up and lean back again and sip some more and try to think of any more questions to ask to make the time go faster.

Oh, God! I forgot to ask her if he will be naked or wearing clothes. That would be very embarrassing if somebody came in and there was a naked guy under my glass desk. In fact I don't even know how to make him go away. That would be terrible if he just came and stayed under here. How would I get anything done and how would I ever get to leave with his face buried in my slit? I pick up the phone once more and call. She tells me that I can have him dressed any way I want by just using the numbers on the top row of my keyboard starting from the left for naked, on up to nine which would be a tuxedo and cashmere overcoat to escort me to dinner, etc. Wow, I say, you mean I can take him home, too? No, she says we haven't perfected it yet to that extent. He will only be available in your office at the present time. We will inform you of any updates by phone.

So how do I turn him off? I ask. She says simple, just hit the space bar again and poof, he disappears in a heartbeat. I thank her for being nice to me and apologize for pestering her to which she replies no problem, call any time, and then I hang up. By now I am getting very turned on envisioning all the neat stuff I can have him do. I slip my fingers between the two buttons at the top of my dress and touch my fingernails to my swelling nipple and gasp as my body instantly reacts like it always does to my touch, sending signals down to my vagina telling it to start lubricating, there will soon be an intruder at the portal. I look up and gasp as the clock makes the final jerk and the minute hand lands on the top hour mark. I must have been so wrapped up in the neat sensations I get fondling my breasts that I didn't notice the time fly by. Wow, it's finally here, time to try my Ronunder for the first time.

I run my tongue over my lips as I tentatively reach over and rest my pinky on the space bar of my computer. I hold my breath and close my eyes and say a little prayer to the cyber Gods, and then gently press it down as my legs tremble with excitement and anticipation, and I open my eyes and stare down at the glass top of my desk to see what will happen.

To be continued.

