Trapped
by paul2021

Trapped Pt. 01

Debbie bares it all for love.

Debbie dumps her lover and contacts her husband David hoping for a reconciliation. The family home has been sold and David, now living in Norfolk, invites her over to renew their marriage. She meets his new friends Lyn and Ray, the local artists who offer her many exciting and stimulating opportunities.

We first met Debbie at Oxford in "Performance" and then in early middle age in "Tuition". This latest story is in two parts and takes place before "Tuition".

*********

To hear Debbie's voice over the phone set David's heart beating and his hands shaking. He leapt out of bed and let her talk.

It was all over with her stud and she wanted to try again by spending time with him in Norfolk. He played it cool over the phone but, in truth, he would have her back under any conditions - even if it meant sharing her - and that thought alone made him very hot.

When he collected her from the station, she was more beautiful than ever. Slimmer around the waist - living next to the ocean she had been working-out to perfect her "beach body" - but she was still just his type - clever, feminine, full breasted, curvy, proud, spunky - daring you to take her on - the sort of woman he could never resist. He wanted to fuck her now - to bury his mouth in that fragrant pussy and make her scream - but his confidence was shot - he knew now, for certain, he was crap in bed and she had been forced to look elsewhere.

He vacated the large bed-room and slept on a mattress in the study but as the days passed and they walked and talked she showed no inclination to lovemaking and he was seriously anxious knowing the power of Debbie once she was aroused. He procured some medicinal rocket fuel but he still dreaded a recurrence of his failure and the self-recrimination that would follow.

*********

Debbie still loved David and the separation had failed to satisfy despite the 24/7 sexual gymnastics with her lover. She desperately wanted to re-set her marriage - to restore the old securities for the family and provide the means to kick start her career again. When David agreed to meet her, she was relieved and when her parents offered to help with care she did not hesitate.

Why was he holding back? She wanted to shag him but he was cold. She had given out the old familiar signals - but his reaction was positively sub-zero.

Then, in the middle of the night, she was searching downstairs for some aspirin and interrupted him mid-wank in front of a porn movie on his lap top. She retreated to her bedroom and he was mortified. After a long heart-to-heart she found that he was addicted. This was new -- it was all her fault -- what could she do?

*********

Lyn liked David.

He soothed Sylvie who was Lyn's obsession -- her only true love. When Sylvie disappeared to London to work the hotels in Mayfair, Lyn was morose and hungry. When she returned Lyn's world shined bright and, after Sylvie had allowed Lyn to fuck her, balance was restored and Ray could breathe easily again. Lyn was not jealous of David - she knew Sylvie felt no real passion for him - but he cared for her unconditionally, kept her grounded and rushed to her when she called for him. She did not want him hurt again.

David introduced Debbie at the New Year's Eve Party at the Swan. She was stunningly good looking but was underplaying it - covering up very stylishly in fashionable chiffon. Lyn saw that Ray and Roger "the Lord of the Manor" were smitten by the blond tart, but Lyn saw through her. Withdrawn and aloof on the outside she may be, but Lyn intuited a hidden sensuality - suppressed for now but obsessive once released.

Wishing to know Debbie better, she suggested they meet for lunch at the latest gastro pub. As both women were "born and bred" middle-class, they quickly gelled and chatted freely. A second bottle of Pinot was ordered and Lyn steered the conversation to David:

"We're all so glad that you and David are making a go of it. He is such a sweet man and so kind."

Debbie, drowning in her guilt and full of remorse, burst into tears and it all came out.

Now Lyn understood:

"Oh lovey -- I'm so sorry -- what can we do to help."

She passed a tissue to Debbie:

"You know these men dear-- they want you to be a tart one minute and their Mother the next. Its his birthday in two weeks isn't it?

Let's give him something better than those porn girls with their football tits?

Look - we have a contract for a fashion shoot and the garments are high class and gorgeously sexy. Come over to the studio and we can pick something hot for you for his big day and get him up like a fucking ramrod."

Debbie laughed at Lyn's vulgarity but she badly needed a bit of fun. She dried her eyes and agreed to visit.

*********

Lyn had another reason for inviting Debbie. Yes -- there was something about this woman -- voluptuous -- daring -- mischievous -- provoking? She was deliciously fuckable and Lyn wanted to claim her share.

... and then there was Roger's talk of rumours of a scandal when she was up at Oxford. That sounded fucking sensational!!

This all fed the desire of Ray and Lyn to bring her into their erotic world. They were always seeking new ideas for their porno flicks and Debbie could provide some interesting possibilities. This would require careful planning and Lyn decided to use Debbie's love for David to begin the deception.

*********

Lyn showed Debbie around the studio:

"This is the collection, aren't they gorgeous -- look at this little black number -- it's a key garment in the range for the Christmas and New Year party season so they want some images urgently for review before we complete.

The only pity is, it's the one dress I can't get into so we have to book a model from the agency which puts us under pressure to deliver the drafts on time."

Lyn held the dress against Debbie:

"Wow, it suits you honey -- now that would be perfect for his birthday present - come to the mirror -- look at that! Just your size."

Debbie gazed at her reflected image. The little black dress was far more revealing than she would normally choose but she was transformed. It reminded her of the parties at Oxford where she dressed to be the main attraction and capture the best-looking boys. She remembered the rush of excitement when boys would look her up and down with desire in their eyes and girls would sulkily ignore her in envy.

Lyn continued:

"Have you ever modelled? With your looks and poise you'd be a natural."

"No -- I went straight into Practice when I graduated and then family took over... nothing so glamorous unfortunately!"

Lyn picked up the slight regret in Debbie's voice:

"Well, there's no time like the present -- do you want to try now? It would certainly help us out! Ray would be delighted wouldn't you honey -- at least we could get something back to client for feed-back?"

Ray chipped in:

"Sure babe, Debbie would be perfect -- they would love a blond in that dress. I can see the tag now "Blonds have more Fun!"

They both laughed and looked at Debbie expectantly:

"Just this once -- I'll give it a try -- but if I turn out to be rubbish, I won't be offended if you want to book a professional."

They broke open a bottle of fizz to seal the deal and Lyn secretly added some of her home-made fruit cordial chock full of stimulants. Ray was on his best behaviour and Debbie began to relax into the novelty of this glamorous and exotic, out of the ordinary, slightly dangerous world.

Lyn had hung the various outfits in the back room where the models would change between each shoot. She was keen to see more of Debbie and this was the perfect opportunity. Lyn promptly began to change into her first garment and while Debbie was a little shy stripping to her underwear in front of Lyn, she was positively red faced once she had slipped into the dress and realised how revealing it was. The hem sat at mid-thigh, the fit was ultra-tight hugging every curve, the bust was daringly low cut and there were sheer side panels top to bottom. It left very little to the imagination and yet it felt good and looked good on her.

Lyn fussed around Debbie, smoothing the odd wrinkle and re-arranging her hair:

"It's a perfect fit and it really suits you. You look wonderful but this is the major line they are promoting this season and Ray won't be happy that your bra and panties are on show through the sheer -- the lights will reflect off the white satin and spoil the pics."

Debbie was a little deflated but Lyn offered a solution:

"Can I make a suggestion?"

Debbie nodded.

"It's only Ray in the studio and the photos are a bit niche -- your granny wouldn't see them. You could go bra-less and commando?"

"Oh no. I really don't do that sort of stuff."

"Ok not to worry" replied Lyn matter-of-factly. "The dress is the key garment in the shoot. It's too small for me so I'll tell Ray we are cancelling. We will have to pay for a model and ring the client to extend the dead-line. We might lose the job but that's life."

Debbie frowned but the enervating bubbly and Lyn's potions were kicking in.

"Please, not on my account -- I feel so guilty -- oh -- please ...

OK - I'll do it - just this once."

Lyn had got her woman!

"Are you sure Debbie - you are a star - I'll give you some privacy to get ready."

When Debbie had stripped off and squeezed once again into the dress she called for Lyn. A pair of nude strappy heels were chosen and Lyn applied some make-up -- blusher, black mascara and copious amounts of cherry coloured lippy. Finally, she restyled Debbie's hair and let it fall naturally over her shoulders.

I knew you would tart up lovely thought Lyn. I might have you all to myself. That would upset Ray.

Ray was delighted when he saw Debbie -- she was spectacular. Power house thighs, tits uplifted and on show with prominent nipples just about covered and an outstanding rounded arse highlighted by the taut fabric. Her mane of wild naturally blond hair surrounded her face resplendent in classic Lyn style and, all the while, the eye being drawn to the flesh on display through the sheer panels which would become even more transparent once the lights were set. Fuck, it was making him hot!!

Once Ray began to move around Debbie and get her to pose, Lyn could see she was a natural and when the first session was over, they cracked open another bottle and all was giggling and fun. Debbie was now at ease having forgotten about her underwear.

Ray's aim was to get some more intimate shots of Debbie but this phase had to be disguised.

First, he sat her at a desk facing the camera in the act of writing a letter. The desk was low and, as her chest dropped, her falling tits with those proud brown nipples and their abundant areola were exposed to the lens providing a nice contrast against the black of the satin. Debbie was aware that she could be showing too much as Ray circled shooting and zooming but the quiet of the workmanlike studio and the studied calm professionalism of Ray together with that old familiar, long forgotten, delicious feeling of being the focus of attention led her on.

It was time for the next phase of the seduction. Ray wanted Debbie to embrace Lyn - arms around each-other and chest against chest - to get a fun shot of both garments in full-on party chic.

Between poses Lyn whispered to her:

"Hey lovely you're a natural -- what a great figure -- I'm very jealous. I love your tits -- I wish mine were so firm."

Debbie could feel herself warm and looking down at her open breasts could see her swollen nipples push through the stretch fabric against Lyn's fulsome bosom. Lyn's arm slid down behind her back and her open palm caressed Debbie's bum:

"Your arse -- just gorgeous!"

Debbie was a little shocked by Lyn's sudden coarseness but it all seemed to fit with the new showbiz person she was becoming. She looked abstractedly at Ray who was busy behind the camera -- inexplicably she no longer wanted out -- why not experience some different colours again -- her life had been white for so long -- hell -- what's the harm -- who's to know?

She allowed Lyn to continue to stroke her and her breathing deepened.

Lyn feathered her lips across Debbie' forehead and whispered in her ear.

"Oh, honey you are a naughty girl aren't you -- well who would have thought it."

Debbie blushed and smiled -- she was back at Oxford flirting with her lady tutor and getting very hot.

Ray was finished and Lyn led Debbie back to change.

She took Debbie's hand:

"Honey you are so good in front of the camera -- Ray is really pleased -- you have done us such a favour. Now listen ... I've got a great idea.

We've just started a new business supplying photobooks -- albums of digital photo prints -- really top quality if the images are good.

We would like to offer you something for your help tonight and we were wondering if you wanted to give David a present to really fuck himself over??"

Debbie laughed.

"Now my old man does very nice glamour work and we could take some beautiful images of you and put together a really nice book for you both. What do you say?

Debbie was unsure.

"You have such a great figure - your tits and arse are to die for - it's a shame not to show them off - and a pity to pass up the chance to fire David into orbit."

"Show them off?"

"Yes honey, we could take some shots of you with nothing on. There's no need to worry. Ray is very professional. His images are very artistic and tastefully lighted. He can use special software to make you even more lovely if you want -- not that you need it!!"

The cautious and conservative instincts of Debbie were at this moment screaming at her to escape but she held back. Getting David over his crisis was awfully important and she had enjoyed the posing immensely. Being delightfully tipsy and relaxed, the experience had stimulated her. Memories of Oxford, though scarcely believable now, were still potent and the heightened sensuality provided by Lyn's potions had reminded her of those exciting times. Although she found Lyn's comments about her figure a little too suggestive, the praise had given her the confidence to believe that she would not look silly.

Above all there was that strange compulsion to show off. As she grew older this need had become sexual to the point where she would wear the skimpiest of bikinis to the pool or the beach to be noticed. It had led to her performances on stage and those thrilling years before her world closed in with marriage, career and family.

Lyn showed her a portfolio of Ray's work and his pics were superb.

The decision was made. It was yes!

She tried to delay to give herself time to prepare but Ray wanted to start immediately. Lyn helped her out of the dress and for the first time in many years she was naked in front of another woman. She sat to remove the heels but Lyn stopped her:

"No honey, keep them on -- they give your legs a lovely shape and lift your bum."

Debbie flushed and looked away. Wearing the strappy heels and nothing else felt like - ummmm.

Lyn having quickly changed back into jeans and blouse took her by the hand and led her back into the studio.

*********

When Ray saw Debbie, he knew she was the one -- everything about her was perfect. It gave him serious wood and his jeans began to bulge as his experienced eye appraised her:

Face -- lovely - blue eyed, full red sensual lips, high cheek bones.

Hair -- lush, long and silver blond with a hint of curl.

Shoulders -- broad -- athletic.

Tits -- full and upstanding despite the kids -- dark brown nipples with large areola giving her breasts that fertile heavy "whore mother" look. Ray felt his cock begin to leak cum!!

Waist -- trim and narrow.

Tummy -- a slight swell but under control.

Hips -- broad -- fertile.

Cunt -- wisps of blond hair -- outer lips nicely profiled, moist and flowering.

Arse -- powerful with that beautiful clear view of her swollen cunt lips from behind in the gap at the top of her thighs.

Legs -- perfect in her heels ... to lay on those luscious thighs and fuck her -- there's a vision!!

Ray recognised that Debbie was no shrinking flower. She was seriously clever and full of herself. Her defiance, her confidence and her willingness to appear before him in her glorious nakedness made him want to have her now... and from the state of her cunt she was clearly finding the whole experience to be very stimulating!

But there was more -- he would record her descent in pictures and video. He and Lyn would take her on an epic journey and expose her to all the perversions. To guide her down this path would be his ultimate wet dream.

*********

Lyn sat her on the couch in front of the camera and gave her a little coaching as regards posture before withdrawing.

Debbie was trembling with fear and excitement.

Ray took a deep breath and began:

"Wonderful lovey -- you look sensational. Just do as I say pet and we will smash it!"

Ray worked around her as she posed and he dutifully kept the camera lens away from her in full face. Debbie relaxed a little but she was not aware that wall mounted high resolution cameras -- for both stills and video - were covering every angle as she was guided in her movements by Ray.

The poses were imperceptibly becoming more risqué but Debbie was not objecting. At the end of the session Ray wanted her on her knees astride on the couch and, although his angles were either at her front or side, Lyn was on her laptop in the office controlling the wall cameras which were devouring all of Debbie in her brazen exhibitionism. This operation culminated in a final zoom on to Debbie's bum as she opened her legs and dropped on to all fours. The blooming lips of her moist cunt, the perineum with its blond covering and the black open "O" of her dilated anus framed by its triangle of dark purple skin were all delightfully recorded in full HD for future use.

Lyn was elated. Debbie was clearly stimulated by the experience and this boded well for the future when other players would be introduced. Lyn had a fleeting image of both Sylvie and Debbie in Lyn's bed -- the three of them entwined as one interconnected sweating multi-limbed creature -- and she felt the wetness grow in her crotch.

The shoot was finished and Ray drove Debbie back to David's house. She was very quiet and had taken a big risk but, OMG, it was so exciting. After controlling her urges for so many years for the sake of family and career, the liberation was overwhelming but she recognised that her recklessness had changed the dynamic with Ray and Lyn and, as the days passed, this began to trouble her.

*********

Debbie was very subdued back at David's despite the photobook being delivered the next day. She took it discretely upstairs. It was a sumptuous folio production and very, very hot -- if David didn't want her after this daring performance then he was beyond help and she could do no more.

David saw her uneasiness and delved a little but was met with a cold silence that shut down any discussion. She rushed back to her parent's house as her Mother had fallen ill, but a week into her visit, she received a shocking message from Lyn with no text but just a link to a short video file named "Debbie". As she sat in her old bed-room and pressed play she felt sick to the bottom of her stomach. The movie opened with a giant black hole filling the screen which as the shot slowly panned back became her anus, then her bum cheeks and finally her cunt and everything!! Worse was to follow -- in one continuous pan there she unmistakably was -- on her knees, thighs apart offering her rear to the camera. What followed was a devastating series of clips of all the sessions with Ray but from angles she could not fathom. Lyn had even picked up on the characteristic small birthmark below her breasts. There was no hiding it -- it was her and would be recognised as such by any who saw it!

After a sleepless night worse was to follow. There was a text message waiting for her in the morning from Lyn, again with no comment but with an attachment of some advert for Ray's latest show in a London gallery. She could not understand why Lyn would send such a thing until she opened the "copied in" file. Shockingly it was her list of contacts both family and professional from her smart phone. Lyn must have downloaded it during the shoot!! Her Mum and Dad, David, younger sisters and brother, grandma, life-long friends, ex-work colleagues, all the agencies she was using to find City work -- Lyn had access to them all!!

She kept to her room and feigned illness but could not come to terms with this devastating development. At the push of a button her shame would be shared with everyone who mattered to her. She would lose her family and her career. It would be total ruination!

She fended off her Mum's questions about this photographer Ray Taylor. The exhibition looked quite interesting -- maybe she should take Dad on their next London week-end!!

On the drive back to Norfolk she tried to stay calm.

*********

What astounded Debbie, once she'd offered money for the files, was Lyn's sympathetic, almost motherly, attitude to her:

"Sorry Debbie we don't want your money -- we want you!"

Debbie flipped as Lyn soothed her:

"We would like you to come back to the studio and make movies -- you were so good. If you do as we ask there will be no unpleasantness -- you know that honey, don't you?

You have a fantastic body -- just the sort that men and women who fuck women love. You are a natural and it would be a real waste not to use your talents. Your movement in front of the camera is so graceful and feminine. Our distributor was very impressed."

Debbie, struck dumb, took a deep breath.

"Lovey, I know the shoot made you hot -- you opened up like a flower in the spring sunshine -- be honest with yourself -- you want it as much as we do.

We have lots of plans. Come over and just enjoy.

... and of course, you need to consider the money -- we will pay you after each session on a scale compatible with, shall we say, the explicit nature of the shoot?"

Debbie's mind was racing:

"Your distributor Lyn?? Fucking Hell!!"

"Yes honey, he will pay for the movies and he will stream them on his own channels in the Middle East and Asia where they lust after blonds -- I very much doubt if your circle will ever get access to view but down the line it may happen -- it's a risk you must take."

Debbie was close to fainting:

"How do I know that you won't go public even if I do agree?"

Lyn was ready:

"You don't, but what I know is that if we were to "go public" we would lose you and we don't want that to happen."

"What will I have to do??"

"You know what you will have to do -- anything and everything. I will not hide it. The story of a very attractive mature married amateur woman on, shall we say, a journey of erotic discovery will certainly add spice. So much more arousing than watching balloon breasted professionals with leather vaginas."

Lyn took a pen and notelet from her bag and jotted down several web sites for Debbie.

"Get these up and scan through the offerings. It will give you some idea of the options we can try. We want to script according to what gets you hot and excited. We need good convincing performances from you. We have albums of potential partners and you can choose who you want. They are all professional, regularly examined and certified clean. You will also need to be medically cleared."

Debbie sat back, calmer now. This was a way forward which would not necessarily ruin her. It may come back to haunt her in years to come but it would solve the immediate problem. Let the future look after itself. She began to tremor with the thought of it and Lyn got her a stiff one. How did it come to this??

Lyn, detecting Debbie's dilemma, came to the crunch:

"When do we start Debbie?

She blushed up:

"I need some time."

Lyn replied:

"24 hours -- I will text tomorrow for your answer -- don't let us down!"

With that Lyn was up and gone leaving Debbie staring into the darkness from the top of a very lonely precipice.

*******

Debbie returned to David's cottage in a panic. This was a nightmare but she saw the stark reality when she opened up Lyn's movie again on her lap-top.

As she watched herself react to Ray's guidance, she could see that Lyn was right - she was aroused. She was not instructed to strut and pose so artfully - it came naturally to her. She remembered the moment when she dropped on to her forearms and knees, opened her thighs and dropped her chest until her nipples stroked the floor. She sensed at the time that this pose would reveal it all but she did not hesitate.

There was, in truth, no other option. If she could compartmentalise the experience physically and mentally and separate it from the life of family and career then she might survive unsullied. The alternative was ruination which she could not countenance.

She spent the morning accessing Lyn's porn sites and was amazed. She had no idea. It both horrified and thrilled her.

She sank a bottle of Chardonnay to clear her mind:

This was not of her choosing.

There was no alternative so there was no guilt.

Just try to relax and enjoy it.

She shivered and that long forgotten acutely pleasurable hotness ran through her.

When the text came from Lyn, she gave the inevitable response without hesitation:

"It's yes - what are you fucking doing to me?"

She cried herself to sleep but awoke from her dreams fingering her wet and open cunt. She was astounded -- the last time she had pleasured herself was before her marriage. She was too ashamed to admit it, but her predicament had stimulated her libido beyond imagining.

*********

David's birthday was a stupendous fuck fest.

She delayed his present until the evening when, after popping open their usual bottle of Pol Roger, she went upstairs to squeeze herself nude into Lyn's dress and put on the strap heels.

Once David had scanned through the photobook, he was all over her and their reunion was complete. The first fuck was consummated very urgently and their mutual relief fed their passion. She was more proficient and adventurous following the separation and her frantic insatiability quickly led their lovemaking beyond vanilla.

Long languid mornings pleasuring each-other followed by hot sandy sweaty wrestling naked fucks in the dunes were now the norm but she could not bring herself to share her predicament with David. Better to keep her secret safe and secure.

Just as she was beginning to believe that Lyn had played her with a mischievous hoax, she received a message:

"Hi Lovey, can you be here for 9.00AM tomorrow for styling and make-up. We aim to start shooting around 10.30AM and finish about 6.00PM. One day will be enough as it's your first time.

We have booked Gregor for you.

Just to let you know we will be filming inside and out and Ray will be using his regular team for cameras, sound and lighting.

We will brief you on the story-line tomorrow but don't worry about a script -- you can improvise as we go along.

Looking forward to it...

Much love, Lyn xxx"

*********


Trapped Pt. 02

Debbie gets to live her disgraceful fantasy.

*********

Once Debbie had received the message from Lyn, she immediately dispatched David to her parents' house to re-connect with the family and relieve her Mother and Father. To excuse her absence, she fabricated an alibi around some part-time contract work she was undertaking for an ex-colleague in Norwich. David was pleased to go and she promised to follow as soon as the job was completed. She couldn't face the strain of sustaining the deception with David while, at the same time, preparing herself for the inevitable trauma of her first performance.

She hardly slept and was up at first light on the big day, going out for a jog around the country lanes to fill the time before showering. Having tied her hair back in a pony tail - she knew Lyn would style her for the shoot - she breakfasted on very strong coffee and a stiff vodka to give her courage.

Driving up to the farm she saw vans of equipment already being unloaded, and walking through the court-yard she passed an array of lighting and sound gear in various stages of assembly around the pool and in the studio. The day was already turning hot and two men and two women, all in black jeans and T shirts, were busy running cables and rigging cameras. As she walked past, they politely smiled and she nervously smiled back. Her pulse began to quicken with the recognition that all this activity was for one purpose only - to film her being fucked!

In the studio Ray was directing operations around a large couch the size of a king size double. This was the focus of the interior work and Debbie shivered in anticipation. Ray gave her a re-assuring hug and a kiss on the cheek and he returned to his work.

Lyn came to collect her accompanied by a tall, well built, middle aged man with short cropped blond hair. He wore a check shirt and smart jeans and sported a deep tan. His face was angular and Germanic. He wore a diamond stud in one ear.

"Hi lovey - welcome to showtime - meet Gregor your partner for today."

Debbie automatically offered her hand and Gregor took it, held it to his lips and fixed her with his clear blue appraising eyes:

"My pleasure Madame. I am very pleased to meet you."

His accent was eastern European and Debbie noticed the size and strength of his hands. He smelt of pine forests.

She smiled and looked to Lyn - what should she do now?

"Let's leave Gregor to prepare and we will have some girl time before we start."

Lyn took her to the apartment at the rear of the studio which doubled as a dressing room for the ladies.

"You can undress and put your things on the hangers. Then we can get you made up. Don't worry lovey you'll be fine once we get going."

Debbie stripped and stood nude in front of Lyn.

"Let's look at this pube - umm - I'll give it a little trim but Ray's the old-fashioned sort - he like's a bit of bush. We'll save the clean-shaven look for later.

... but first - take this."

Lyn had prepared a glass of fizz with her special red "aphrodisiacal" cordial which Debbie recognised from the shoot. She downed it very quickly and was grateful - the sooner she could immerse herself the better.

"That's a good girl - do you want another?"

Debbie nodded and the second glass was swiftly despatched.

Lyn took some small scissors and kneeling in front of Debbie carefully trimmed the edges of her bush before running her fingers through the hair to fluff up and apply some fixing spray. Looking down at her pube Debbie began to warm.

"Lovely honey - now for your hair and make-up - I'll use waterproof today - and we mustn't forget the nails."

As Lyn concentrated on her task, she briefed Debbie:

"The first thing you must remember lovey is that we will always be with you and make sure you come to no harm. Gregor is very experienced but the younger first timers can get carried away which we will not tolerate - you can depend on that.

For today we want you to imagine you are the lady of the house who wants to fuck the builder while hubby is away. So, it will be nice and straightforward:


Scene 1 will see you at the patio doors lusting after Gregor as he works.

For Scene 2 you will walk out to the pool, remove your robe and swim nude before reclining on the lounger in front of Gregor. Ray wants to film you underwater so one of his boys will be in the water with you.

Scene 3 will see Gregor pick you up and take you into the studio. He will lay you on the couch and you will then make love.

Now, we do not script - we just improvise... and regarding the mechanics - just go with how you feel and let Gregor guide you.

Just two things we need to know from you?

Honey, we strongly suggest, for your own benefit, that your first anal is with Gregor - he really is very considerate and the girls all seem to love it with him."

Debbie thought for a second, nodded and asked for another glass of fizz.

"Secondly, where would you like Gregor to cum - in your mouth, on your face or in your cunt?"

Debbie had given this some thought following her first exposure to porn on Lyn's web sites. She would prefer her cunt today if that was OK?

"Sure honey, just remember to wait after Gregor removes himself and we will catch the cum as it runs out of you - that's always a good last cut on the edit."

Debbie's mouth was dry and her pulse was now running in overdrive.

"Probably best to use the bathroom - you'll find the rubber fountain for your bum with the instructions. Don't forget to lubricate your vagina. It always helps."

Debbie did as she was told and caught a glimpse of herself naked in the mirror. Hair and make-up as she'd never known it - wild and vivid with strong eyes and shadow to accentuate her high cheek bones with full lush red cherry lips to match her fingernails and toenails.

Lyn gave her a silk robe.

... and finally, just ignore the cameras and enjoy it!!"

On cue, Ray popped his head around the door:

"All set girls? Christ Debbie you look gorgeous."

He grabbed a glass of bubbly:

"Wishing you the best of luck babe."

Lyn took Debbie by the arm and walked her out.

***

Scene 1:

With the words "Action" all was suddenly quiet!

Debbie stood by the patio doors of the studio looking across at Gregor who was stacking some bricks. He was wearing loose faded jeans with braces and his torso was bare. He was well henched, with golden pecs, ripped abs and arms like tree trunks. She could see the prominent bulge in his crotch and felt a hot tremor run through her abdomen.

Ray and the team were quietly working around her with hand-held cameras and lights.

She let the robe fall open and fingered her cherry lips with her forefinger while gazing longingly towards Gregor.

Passing her cherry nails across her breasts to firm her nipples she drifted down to her cunt and felt the lubricated swollen lips and the delicious moisture of her arousal.

After giving herself a long gentle cum culminating in a soft sigh of pleasure, Ray gently whispered "Cut".

***

"Babe - that was stunning - I knew you were a natural. Lyn, wasn't she fucking wonderful?"

"Yes, honey she certainly was."

Lyn came to Debbie, re-tied her robe and cuddled her.

"That was very very hot honey. Do you need anything?"

Debbie was keen to get going again as was Ray:

"Fine babe.

OK Tommy - in the pool mate.

Just gives us five minutes Debs."

***

Scene 2:

With "Action" Debbie slowly opened the door and languidly walked out to the pool. Looking over at Gregor she paused by the cushioned sun lounger, turned her back on him and removed her robe to go nude before laying it on the lounger.

Moving to the edge of the pool she paused full frontal, challenging him with her eyes, before taking position and diving into the refreshing blue water. She loved to swim naked and performed some underwater gymnastics for Tommy who was following her with the submerged camera. She artfully opened her legs and showed everything, front and behind, as she swept backwards and forwards in front of the hungry lens.

She was liberated and stimulated.

When it was time she swam to the edge of the pool and lifted herself out, glistening in the shining sun, before walking to the lounger to sit and dry her body. Ray and the boys quietly closed in.

A shadow passed across her - it was Gregor - it was time.

She looked up and engaged him eye to eye before feeling for his cock below the denim - it was enormous. Rising from the lounger she knelt before him and slowly very slowly slipped the zip down and his giant member burst out directly in front of her face - fuck, it was the biggest she'd ever seen!

She took her time and nobody was calling "Cut".

She could not, as yet, perform "deep throat" - that would come - but her cherry lips and cherry nail fingers covered every inch of his cock. She gradually upped the tempo becoming more ravenous until Gregor, clearly sensing a premature end, buried his fingers into her hair and slowed her down. Sensing what he wanted, Debbie pulled back and it was "Cut".

***

It took several seconds for her to calm. Gregor lifted her and kissed her forehead whispering:

"Debbie - that was beautiful. You're doing great."

Ray and Lyn came up. Lyn wrapped Debbie in her robe before taking her hand and stroking it:

"Are you ready honey?"

Debbie smiled sheepishly and looked away.

Ray was keen to keep up the momentum. Debbie was doing very, very well:

"Good girl - let's get going - boys and girls, into the studio - another five minutes Debs?"

Debbie nodded and buried her head into Lyn's neck. Lyn held her and patted her back and shoulders. Debbie couldn't stop trembling - the intensity was overwhelming. Lyn soothed her:

"There there lovey - there there - it's OK honey - it's OK."

Gregor removed Debbie's robe and lifted her bodily in his arms and she rested her head against his chest. The aroma of pine filled her with arousal and she could feel his erect cock leaving stickiness on her flesh as he carried her to the couch.

***

Scene 3:

"Action":

He laid her on the couch and began with his lips on her neck quickly moving to her breasts as she arched her body desperate for him to enter her. He moved his body to one side to allow the eyes of the cameras to capture every contortion as he bought her to her first cum by teasing her nipples to unbearable sensitivity.

His technique and his strength when he burrowed his tongue into her cunt took her to nirvana. There were no more cameras - just her and the insistent lubricious organism losing itself inside her - searching out her most secret and sensitive places - giving her the cum of her life.

When he slid his huge prick into her, she was ready - she was amazed that she could receive all of him with no discomfort - and then that insistent rhythm of orgasm bringing her to the brink and back again. He turned her over - she was on top astride him - and, unlike him, she could not hold back. She frantically lifted and dropped herself on to him - again and again - until release came and she threw her head back to the ceiling above and screamed. She was wet with perspiration and her flesh was glowing with the heat of her effort.

Finally, he put her on to all fours and ringed her anus with his lips to open her. She felt him begin to insert his prick and he was very patient and very careful. Once he was in, he began to work her and when he cupped his hands under her breasts to support her, she instinctively lifted one hand to finger her cunt. She became aware of the cameras covering every angle for the "money shot" and the watching eyes caused her fingers to release a warm wetness from her cunt - a final release of all her inhibitions.

She was barely conscious when he finished and after a short pause he drove into her cunt and, with a triumphant guttural animal cry, released his load into her.

As he withdrew, he whispered to her to hold her position and she felt his warm frothy cum soak her bush and run down the inside of her thighs.

She held her posture, still unable to control the trembling in her body, until Ray shouted "Cut" and Lyn was there with her robe and she was taken away.

***

Lyn removed her make-up in the back room and Debbie showered and dressed. It was late in the afternoon before both women were able to relax over cake and rejuvenating herbal tea.

Lyn could see that Debbie was still processing her first performance. Her passions had overcome her fear as Lyn had predicted, but Debbie was tortured by her inability to reconcile the contrasting emotions of exhilaration, guilt and shame which were shredding her mind.

She asked Lyn for a natural sedative to calm her and Ray drove her back to the cottage where she slept through till noon the following day.

********

Of one thing Debbie was absolutely certain - she wanted more - and she texted Lyn to confirm she was ready to go again.

The call from Lyn came within the week and shoot now followed shoot in rapid succession. She developed a routine where she would generally perform for Ray over one week and then drive down to her parent's summer home in Cornwall with David to spend the following week with the family and then return to Norfolk for another week of filming.

She maintained the deception with David and, as her father's investments had bombed, she quietly transferred her earnings from porn to his bank account for the upkeep of both her Mum and Dad and the family.

*********

She would retain very specific remembrances from her life in porn while at the same time having little memory of the long periods when she was immersed in the full heat of carnal passion and pleasure.

Both the drive to the studio and the preparation for the shoot were very vivid. Her adrenalin was always up and she was excited but at the same time apprehensive regarding the content of the piece and her partner or partners.

Sitting, naked beneath her robe, being made-up by Lyn and receiving direction and advice regarding technique while sipping a large glass of Lyn's cordial and taking her medication always heightened her desire. With a little help from Lyn and some self-pleasuring she was generally aroused before the filming began.

Her two preferred male partners were Gregor and Francis. They were both very hot and extremely charming and took particular care to ensure that she was ready before penetration began. She soon acquired the expertise to satisfy via her mouth, her cunt, her anus and her hands or breasts and she continued to prefer ejaculation direct into her body rather than all over her face or torso which she felt was a little too submissive. She would always remember the scenes where they both had her together and gave her multiple orgasms that were indescribably blissful. The cameras just seemed to disappear.

Sometimes males chosen for her would be more aggressive - on these occasions, depending on her mood, she would let go completely and lose herself in the role or, if the partner was not to her taste, she would concentrate on her technique and get through somehow. The more interesting sessions involved stimulant fuelled male novices where she would take the lead, first seducing and preparing and then getting what she now craved like a drug.

She grew to appreciate the sex with other women too. Again, she had favourites - Candy and Emily - both genuine lesbians - the first young and seemingly innocent, the second glamorous and very proficient. The shoots were less intense with long leisurely sessions of never-ending pleasuring's. A seemingly endless supply of dildos was always available to provide a spectrum of different orgasmic experiences.

Shockingly she loved BDSM from the start. Lyn used a gentleman called Takashima-san who employed Japanese rope bondage - Shibari or Kinbaku - she never could understand the subtle distinction. He was very experienced and always detached and focussed. The scenarios would last from two to four hours and were exhausting. Associated activities along with penetration were by another who was always masked and hooded. She was too out of it in her passion to care one way or the other but she assumed this was Ray as his team always handled the cameras for Takashima-san.

*********

When Lyn announced that the filming was coming to an end Debbie felt very flat. The thrilling rush of performance had become addictive but there was a nice surprise when Lyn suggested to Debbie that she should script the last shoot herself - to take the opportunity to play out her ultimate fantasy - and there was also an added bonus:

"Ray bumped into two old mates from across the pond yesterday. They called in at his latest exhibition in town. You will recognise them from the movies but let's call them "Dan" and "Rich" - it will save you making an embarrassing mistake when you meet them. Honey, they are both hot hot hot and they debuted in porn in LA before they hit the big time. Anyway, they love to keep their hand in, so they asked Ray if there was any action down at the Farm. The poor old dear's prick hit the fucking roof when he thought of you and them - what do you say?"

Debbie enthusiastically agreed to incorporate Dan and Rich into her movie and set aside a day to work out a storyline.

Once she had decided on a plot, she fucked herself in candlelight in the scented bath while imagining the two studs binding her wrists and having her until she could take no more. In this imaginary world she wanted to immerse herself in her condition - debauched and insatiable - and she gave herself a deep cum when the idea came to her that her shaming in the movie should be in public.

The storyline was prepared, Dan and Rich were booked and a date was set.

*********

On the day she selected a pair of jeans, a silk blouse and a pair of flats and slipped into the back-room to change. There would be no bra and panties today. Dan and Rich were very well known to her and she was already hot with anticipation. The jeans were ridiculously tight and the splits in the fabric were already beginning to open as she forced herself into them. She buttoned up the silk shirt and tied the tails above her navel in a neat bow exposing the curve of her naked tummy and her hips between her tightened waist and the taut blue denim hipsters. On checking her costume in the mirror, she unfastened a couple of buttons at the top of her blouse to expose more of her cleavage and she tied her blouse even tighter to lift and support her breasts under the stretched silk. She could see her nipples firm and proud begging for some attention.

She was now able to apply her own make-up and her blond hair was loosely tied back and up. She was thinking Thelma and Louise.

The barn was full of cables, lights and cameras and, as she walked on to the set, she could feel the stretched crotch seam of her jeans work itself into her bum to part her cunt lips and expose her availability and her readiness for sex. The tightness made her swing and pout as she walked. Ray, Dan and Rich both whistled in appreciation as she approached them. She could also see the guys on the set pause to eye her in admiration and the two women in the crew exchange a knowing smile. She was on display and that made her arousal all the keener.

Ray was ready - they took their places and it was "Action".

The Barn:

Dan pulled his reluctant wife from the pick-up. She screamed obscenities at him as he dragged her across the lot to the deserted barn. Once inside he bolted the door and pushed her hard against a pillar and told her to shut the hell up. She strained against him and started to perspire heavily in the humidity of high summer.

There was a sharp rap on the door and Rich was allowed to enter and the door was again bolted.

He was dressed in a tight T shirt and jeans. Dan turned to Rich:

"Well, I guess she's all yours - you can fuck her to hell for all I care"

Dan reached for his wife and held her tight in front of Rich. The strain on the blouse was too much and it began to split to reveal her breasts which were rising and falling with her passion and her violence.

Rich let his eyes drop down over her body and he reached out his fingers to rip open her blouse and find her nipples which firmed quickly as Dan violently wrenched back her arms to push out her chest as a ripe offering to Rich.

Rich ripped away the remains of the shredded blouse and looking into her eyes dropped his lips to her breasts and made her gasp. She relaxed and Dan smiled as she became compliant:

"I told you she was one fucking hot slut!"

Debbie began to orgasm. The restraint and stimulation under the watching eyes of the crew and the all revealing lights together with the rough talk was too much for her.

Rich pulled away to stare at her, naked and glistening from the hips up and still being held taught by Dan:

"So, honey, show me how dirty you are"

She pulled herself free and looked defiantly at Rich. She walked across to him and shamelessly placed her hand on his crotch and slowly squeezed and gripped as he hardened in her hands. With both hands she loosened his belt, and unclipped his jeans which allowed him to escape and grow in front of her.

Meanwhile, Dan had withdrawn and picked up a rickety old chair and sat to watch his wife getting what she wanted from Rich.

Rich put his hands on her shoulders and slowly pushed her down on to her knees. She opened her mouth and he placed one hand behind her head and used the other to insert his cock into her mouth.

Her bright gloss lips closed around him gripping him hard and she held his hips with both hands as she started to work backwards and forwards alternating deep throat with tongue work on the head.

Debbie's sweat made her tits shine as she worked hard to keep with the pace that Rich was dictating with rapid beats of pressure from his fingers gripping the nape of her neck.

When Dan rose from his seat and stood behind her and called her a "fucking slut" she came again and she now felt the wetness from her cunt fill the crotch of her jeans. Knowing that her cum was advertised to Ray and the crew made her deepen and her whole body shuddered with emotion as she lost the relentless rhythm.

Rich gripped her head and forced her back into time thrusting himself deep into her mouth before nodding to Dan.

Dan roughly pulled her up and quickly slipped a knotted rope around her wrists and pulled tight.

She screamed:

"No, not this, please, please Dan"

Dan looped the rope over a roof beam and pulled tight until she was taut and on her toes.

He took the knife from his belt and slit both legs of her jeans from ankle to waist. It was then an easy task to slowly cut the jeans from her body - piece by piece - to gradually reveal her, naked, glowing with perspiration, hanging helpless, ready to be fucked.

As the hand-held cameras circled her, Debbie withdrew into a trance full of her own secret desires. This was a depravity she had not allowed herself to experience until now. She had often dreamt of exhibiting herself in a public place and at Oxford she had allowed one boyfriend to restrain her during sex but that was tame compared to what they were about to do to her in the barn. She arched her body and thrust out her arse. She wanted to be taken...now!

Rich slipped off his clothes and came to her. His powerful hands grabbed her flesh and kneaded it, leaving his prints all over her body as if he was taking possession of her and marking his territory.

He slapped the cheeks of her bum hard with the open palm of his right hand. The crack echoed around the barn and Debbie, having prepared herself, managed to suppress her cries of shock and hot pain.

"If you don't please me honey this is what you'll git and plenty some"

He cut her down with a knife but left her hands tied as he carried her to a woollen blanket draped over a bale of hay. He laid her on her back, arms above her head and she opened her legs and he stared at her shaven and shining, wet, open, pink cunt.

When Rich entered her, she sensed that his was the broadest girth she had ever known. She came again almost immediately and he calmed her by placing his fingers over her lips. They were surrounded by lights and cameras and people but this only served to enhance her coming, knowing that she was the focal point of the watching men and women where nothing would be hidden and every violation of her body would be illuminated and recorded.

He pumped hard and lifted her legs in his arms such that they were almost upright and resting astride his shoulders. As he stood up and she was horizontal he was able to maintain an aggressive and rapid thrusting deep into her which made her continue to come in wild cries which echoed around the barn.

Rich withdrew and quickly went down on her. She moaned softly as she arched her body to force his face into her crotch.

Rich backed away and Dan moved in to pull her off the blanket by her bound hands forcing her to kneel on a straw bale with her tits touching the straw and her now very wet cunt and arse facing both men and pleading for more.

"Be my guest"

Rich worked his way into her anus from behind, making her gasp in delicious surprise.

"Yes baby. Fuck him with your ass honey. Yes, darlin' give it to him."

She had scripted this and it was an absolutely fucking perfect moment. She gripped Rich's cock with her sphincter and made him throb and ejaculate inside her. She could feel his juice spilling out of her and running down over her swollen cunt lips.

Rich withdrew and moved to her front to hold her hands tight.

Suddenly with surprise she was being penetrated in her cunt. It was Dan. They would both have her. He was big. He was good. He was fabulous. She screamed in one long ecstasy of shaming insatiable desire.

He began to slap her arse:

"You're like a bitch on heat - you just love it."

She had never felt like this. She simply could not stop. Her exhibitionism and her debasement had cast off all inhibitions. The more she received the greater her appetite.

She felt him swell to ejaculate and he erupted into her. He slapped her buttocks hard as he came and the pain and submission made her final cum a flood.

She screamed out long and loud as she continued to cum and Dan finally withdrew, his desire spent, leaving her panting for air.

They pulled her up, tied the rope back on to her bound wrists and hung her from the roof beam again: wet, sticky, taut and breathless.

"Dan. That was a real pleasure. You should take her to the whore house. Everybody would want a piece of her."

Debbie was desperate:

"Dan. Please take me down. Dan somebody might come. Dan please honey. Daaa...n."

Dan got out his mobile and began to tap out a message.

They walked to the door, and leaving it open, they made their way down main street to get a beer. They would come and collect her later.

She was left hanging naked, exposed and filthy.

As she twisted and writhed, trying to release herself, one by one, the young men of the town and some farm hands who used the barn for a lunch time siesta slowly and with fear peered around the door and saw her suspended and helpless. They nervously entered but hung back together as they circled around her.

She stared, speechless and terrified, into their wanting, hungry, yearning eyes.

***

"Cut!!"

Dan and Rich rushed on to the set to release her:

"Wonderful honey - just wonderful."

They each gave her a tender comforting hug:

"That was really... just the greatest thing - thank-you Debbie - thank-you so so much."

She was exhausted and with her baser instincts now exposed for the first and last time, she was suddenly deeply ashamed of her nudity and she buried herself in their arms to hide from the crew.

Lyn took over, wrapped the robe around her and led her away.

*********

Debbie's cathartic release was complete. She was still unable to articulate the liberation she had experienced in the barn but as the days passed, she began to recover and when she allowed David to fuck her again, she would re-imagine her time with Dan and Rich and this would lead eventually to self-enlightenment and closure.

It was time to close the door on Norfolk. Debbie had secured a very lucrative role at a Practice in the City and she and David were in negotiations to purchase a large family home nearer to London. They would all be together again and she was overjoyed.

Lyn invited Debbie and David over to the Farm for a farewell supper with a specific request from Ray that Debbie wear the little black dress with the nude strap heels and nothing else. When Debbie read the message, she giggled and was only too pleased to oblige.

She had developed a deep friendship with Lyn who had become her mentor, her guide and the "older sister" she had always needed. She protected her and tempered Debbie's addiction. Lyn had told of her initial dislike when they first met and her reasons for the blackmail but then described how she had come to love Debbie as one of her own. Only when Debbie was ready would Lyn now invite her into her bed.

As they walked out to the garden on a balmy warm summer evening with their glasses of bubbly, David sensed an exotic aura around the place - the girls in their revealing outfits with their luscious femininity on display - Ray with his pony tail and his gypsy waistcoat and his easy familiarity - the pool glistening blue across the garden - the subtle looks and asides hinting at mysteries he could not fathom.

What had happened here?

... and finally, the puzzle of Lyn's gift to Debbie - a memory stick and a warning to be careful as it was the only copy of the file and there was no back-up??

David would never know the truth and Debbie would never reveal her secret.

*********
