Nightwing swung across Gotham City silently, grappling from one building to the next. In theory he was patrolling for the minor crimes so that criminals would fear to attempt them. But truthfully, he mainly needed time to clear his head.
That night he had argued with Barbara again. With his girlfriend he didn't feel like Nightwing at all, just plain old Dick Grayson. It had been a stupid argument, nothing they'd remember tomorrow morning, but it left a bad taste in his mouth. He really hoped he would find some thugs trying to commit a crime so that he could take out all his aggression on them.
Abruptly he spotted someone on a nearby low rooftop, looking up at him. He recognized the sinfully curvy body as Catwoman, thief extraordinaire. Since she'd already spotted him, there was no point in any more secrecy. Dick released his grappling hook and arced down to land on the roof some distance from her. His eyes narrowed in his mask.
"What are you doing here, Catwoman?"
"What does it look like?" she asked, putting one hand on her hip.
Her body was technically covered by her black outfit, but the latex emphasized her femininity even more than if she had been completely naked. Only a few curls of hair peaked out from under the latex and her eyes hid behind large lenses, leaving all he could see of her face her thick lips that brought inappropriate images into his mind.
Below her chin, her entire body was covered in the skin-tight latex, gleaming darkly in the light. It could barely contain her body, stretched tight around her massive breasts that stood proudly with slight peaks at the tips. Yet it also hugged the underside of the massive orbs and then caressed every detail of her flat, toned stomach.
"See anything you like?" As his eyes got to her hips, Catwoman gave a little spin, the light sliding over the perfect globe of her ass. It was the most incredible thing he'd ever seen: perfectly round and almost ready to burst with raw sexuality.
"Guh," Nightwing quipped.
"That's what I thought. You want to play, don't you?" Catwoman smirked and began sauntering toward him, her hips swaying from side to side. He could imagine the way the globes of her ass would be shifting as she walked, but from the front he could catch only glimpses.
His eyes somehow managed to escape her perfect butt to her legs, which seemed impossibly long. He could see her curves shifting, stretched taut in a way that almost forced him to imagine how else they could stretch. Something was strange with the angle... he realized that her legs and ass were positioned perfectly by insanely high stiletto heels.
Barbara would never wear anything like that while patrolling Gotham. She said she couldn't fight that way, and he couldn't blame her for that, yet Catwoman was walking on those little spikes as if it was the easiest thing in the world. Would Barbara wear something like that even when they were off duty in civilian clothes?
Thinking about Barbara finally snapped Dick back to reality. He was facing one of Gotham's most notorious criminals. He needed to capture her and bring her to justice, not... well, better not to think about what part of him wanted to do.
Catwoman chuckled low in her throat. She had the boy in her claws now, whether he knew it or not. She knew exactly what her outfit did to him and every other man who caught a glimpse of her. It was no utility belt, but it gave her a power that was a lot more fun to use.
"You're not going to do anything to me, are you?" Catwoman gave him a pouting glance. "To little old me, just taking a walk across the rooftops?"
"No, that's..." Dick shook his head sharply, refocusing. "The bank, just yesterday, and the diamond exhibit... we know it was you, you're a wanted criminal."
"Oh, I'm wanted alright." Catwoman began walking toward him again, one hand sliding over her slick outfit, curving around her breasts before reaching the dark zipper at her throat. She began to pull it down, revealing a narrow strip of pale skin. She stopped just above her navel and slid her hand inside.
Dick's breath caught in his throat. For a moment he'd hoped and feared that she'd explode out of her outfit. Those huge breasts seemed like they should come bouncing free, yet the latex seemed to cling to her body, as if it they were scheming with her curves to tantalize him.
He'd thought Barbara had a nice ass, but as Catwoman sashayed in front of him, he realized that he hadn't had the slightest idea what that meant. Both of them had narrow waists, but while Barbara's eased out to her hips, forming respectable curves, the lines of Catwoman's body swelled out into incredibly wide hips. They needed to be wide, to support that jaw-dropping bubble butt that made her curves even juicier.
In fact, there was no comparison between Catwoman and Barbara. Though his girlfriend didn't like to let him see her naked, he remembered clearly enough. Catwoman had better lips, and larger, higher breasts, not to mention her absolutely unbeatable ass. And he was sure Catwoman would be an animal in the sack, could practically imagine-
"Catch me if you can!" Without any more warning than that, Catwoman whirled and flashed across the roof, jumping over the alley to the next. Though taken off guard, Dick's training made him give chase almost instantly, sprinting to try to run her down.
His training hadn't prepared him for the sight of her running ahead of him, that incredibly juicy ass bouncing with each step. The latex kept the globes relatively in place, but he couldn't help but imagine just how much more they'd jiggle naked. His cock redefined what it meant to be hard, threatening to burst out of his leather outfit.
They both cleared the next alley, reaching a long warehouse roof. That was where he'd catch her, his superior stamina outpacing her agility. The instant Dick hit the roof he pushed off in a dead sprint to catch her.
Too late he realized that she was slowing down. She could have dropped low and tripped him, or used his momentum to land a vicious blow to the face, but she didn't. He would have been prepared for an attack like that, but Dick was completely defenseless against her actual maneuver. Instead of attacking, just as they slowed Catwoman slid back toward him, extending a hand at waist level and letting his crotch run right into it.
Dick was so shocked that he froze in place for a moment. In that time, the latex-clad fingers agilely slid up and down his shaft. Catwoman smirked. "Ooh, all that leather hides how much you're packing. But it's not a very thick layer, is it?"
It wasn't, and he could feel her fingers on his cock all too well. Dick knew that if he let her go any longer it would be a mistake, so he forced himself into action. He struck at her arm, but she pulled it back with a laugh. She wasn't prepared for him to rush into her, his shoulder striking her body.
Catwoman managed to twist over him, whipping her body around his to jump away. He caught her before she could leap and tried to hurl her to the ground, but somehow she twisted again and landed in a crouch with one hand on the ground, giving him a perfect view of her butt.
That made him hesitate a fraction of a second. Catwoman might have been able to flee, but instead she got back to her feet and smiled coyly. Her hands were folded behind her waist, pushing her breasts out toward him. The latex did nothing to hide how hard her nipples had become, their every detail clearly visible through it.
"You'd like to get your hands on this, wouldn't you?" Catwoman laughed again and took a prancing step backward. At that moment Dick struck, missing his first punch but managing to grab her arm as she dodged.
Though he tried to throw her, Catwoman spun again and they grappled in a series of rapid strikes. Eventually he saw his opportunity and took it before he could think twice. He told himself that it was simply the best maneuver to get her pinned down, but he knew the real reason he reached out and grabbed her ass.
Her butt was so impossibly perfect that he'd almost been afraid it would pop the instant he touched it, vanishing like a dream - a wet dream. But as he hesitantly squeezed his fingers, there was no doubt the juicy ass in his hand was real. He slid his hand along the unholy curves, marveling at how massive and supple they were. Catwoman gave another low laugh, almost a purr.
Somehow her next blow knocked him flat on his back. Dick was about to vault back to his feet to defend himself when she came at him... ass first. Faster than he could react, he was trapped there on the ground with that bubble butt around his face. He would have gasped at the sudden maneuver, but his mouth was covered by the latex. Just a thin layer between his face and her body, the latex rubbing against him.
As the spheres rubbed around his face, they ground their smell into him. It was a heady mix of her natural fragrance and the smell of the latex, a potent combination that shot straight to his brain. He wanted her worse than he'd ever wanted anyone.
At that very moment, her tongue slid along the hard length in his pants. Even through the leather he could feel it, and he couldn't help but imagine what it would feel like to be inside her mouth. The strength of her tongue alone would have taken him to heaven. His hips came up off the ground involuntarily, as if he could push into her mouth, and Dick had to fight not to come in his tights right then.
"Ooh, frisky!" Catwoman let her weight push him back to the ground the next moment, still keeping him pinned with her curves. She began licking around his cock, exploring its exact dimensions through the leather, while she wiggled her ass in his face. The scent was beginning to change, becoming deeper and muskier, and it was all he could do not to throw her to the ground and take her right then.
But no. He was supposed to be an agent of the law, one of Gotham's protectors. He was supposed to be loyal to Barbara. No matter what, he couldn't plow the perfect bubble butt in front of him. He needed to take this criminal to jail.
Gathering every shred of discipline and training he had left, Dick bucked off the ground again. This time it wasn't a wild action stemming from desire, but a calculated move that knocked Catwoman off him. She tumbled to the ground but was soon crouched again, laughing. He lunged after her, not letting himself think or look at her.
She dodged back, sprinting for the edge of the roof. But he wasn't going to let her get away. Dick was after her in an instant... and that was when she ducked back.
For a perfect, torturous instant, her ass was grinding back against his hard cock. All thought of discipline or anything except her was wiped from his mind. In another moment he might have recovered, but Catwoman wasn't just playing around. As his momentum sent him against her hard, she redirected his rush over her back and tossed him off the edge of the roof.
Hurtling toward the concrete brought him back to his senses remarkably quickly. Dick flung his grappling hook out and managed to snag a gargoyle perched on a nearby building. His arms burned as his fall was redirected into a swing that brought him back into the air. He arced himself back toward the building...
But Catwoman was gone. Not so much as a single flicker of the low light against her dark outfit. Dick stood there on the roof for a while, then put a hand to his face and groaned. He told himself it was because he was disappointed that he couldn't bring a criminal to justice, but he didn't believe it.

On a rooftop blocks away, Catwoman smirked and increased the magnification on her lenses again to get a better look. God, Nightwing had a great butt. She watched her chosen target until he recovered and swung away, presumably to release some tension.
Catwoman sat back in a crouch and smiled to herself. So, he'd managed to resist her charms once. Perhaps she should have a talk with Poison Ivy...