The Serving Wench

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH


"Shall I draw you a bath, master?"  She is looking demurely at the floor as she speaks to me.

"Yes."

She starts the bath and I begin to undress.  "Master," she says, "please let me help you with that."  She takes my clothes off--first my shirt, then she gets down on her knees in front of me as she unbuttons my pants and pulls them down.

I climb in the tub.  "What would you like me to do now, master?"  She looks demurely at the floor again.

"I want you to take your shirt off."

"Yes, sir."  Still looking at the floor, she begins unbuttoning her shirt.  When she's got her shirt off, she looks up at me, a coy little look.

"Now your bra."

She reaches around her back and unhooks her bra, then lets it fall off her chest.  Then she just stands there, topless, slouching slightly and looking at the floor.  Her breasts look so small and sweet, just a couple of plump little baby girls hanging down slightly, her large thick nipples standing up.  I can't help myself, I start masturbating while I look at them, but she makes no reaction to this, just stands there looking at the floor, letting me stare at her breasts while I jack off.

"Now lean over.  I want to see your titties hanging down."

"Yes, sir."  She leans over towards me, her hands behind her back.  Her breasts hang down, a couple of little baseball size balls of fat stretching the skin, her nipples pointing awkwardly off to the sides.

"Make them swing," I command.  She moves her shoulders from side to side and her breasts begin to sway, the little balls of fat swinging delightfully.  Soon she has them swinging quite dramatically, slapping against each other.

"OK, stand up."  She does.  "Now make them bounce.  Hop up and down so they bounce."

She hops, and they bounce, the little balls of fat rising and falling, jiggling as they settle into place, then rising and falling again.  She doesn't smile as she does this, she just looks off into space as I jack off while I watch her little titties bounce.

"Now take your pants off."  She drops her pants.  "And your panties."  She has a wonderful full batch of pubic hair, sweet little brown curls meshed together.  And then she just stands there, naked, looking at the floor while I stare at her and jack off.

"Turn around."  "Now spread your legs a bit and bend over."  And I have a wonderful view of her from the backside, her little asshole pink and puckered, her pussy lips red and pouty, covered in her dark curls, her meaty inner labia sticking out, even darker red and glistening.

"Come over here now, and sit on the side of the tub."  She sits down near me.  "Now put one leg in the tub, so your legs are open."  She turns to face me, one leg in the tub, her legs spread for me.  "Now spread open your pussy, so I can see inside you."

She reaches down and spreads her pussy lips open, exposing herself entirely for me.  Her clit is sticking out, pink and sweet, a provocative little nub, then my sight leads down, she is pulling her inner labia open, exposing the dark pink, shining skin of the inside of her vagina.  She's looking away, at the wall, letting me stare while I jack off.

"Tell me what a slut you are."

"Sir," she says, looking back at me, "I am a maiden."

"Tell me what a slut you are."

She looks back at the wall.  "I'm a slut."

"Tell me what a whore you are."

"I'm a whore."

"Tell me how badly your slutty pussy wants my cock inside her."

"My slutty pussy wants your cock inside her."

"OK.  Now, wench, I want you to bathe me."

"Yes, sir."  She climbs off the tub and kneels on the floor next to it, and she begins to wash me, first shampooing my hair, then very tenderly washing my face and arms and chest, then my feet and legs.  I occasionally reach up and squeeze her breasts as they hang down over me, feeling the plump little bags of fat, pinching her nipples.  She makes no response to this at all, as if nothing is happening, simply lets me squeeze her breasts while she washes me.  She cleans my asshole, then my penis, washing my balls and then my shaft, giving it a few gentle little tugs as she does it.

She sits back on her heels.  "The master is clean now," she says.

"And now the master is going to fuck you."

"I'm a maiden, sir," she says, looking up at me imploringly as I stand up.

She dries me with a towel, and I lead her into the bedroom.  "Lean over the bed on your stomach."

"Sir," she says, looking imploringly at me again, "I tell you, I am a maiden!"

"Do as I say, bitch!"  I raise my hand as if to strike her.

Her eyes go wide with fear.  "Yes, sir."  She turns around and leans over the bed.  I take my place behind her.  "Please, sir," she says quietly, "be gentle."

"I'll do what I want to you, do you understand?"  I slap her hard on the rear, to emphasize the point.

"Yes, sir," she whimpers.  "I understand."

I grab her ass cheeks, nice and hard, and pull them open to spread her pussy for me.  As my head enters her, warm and wet, sopping wet, I have to smile to myself.  All the play-acting in the world can't hide the fact that the girl has one hell of a slutty pussy.  She hasn't been a maiden since I fucked her the first time when she was eighteen, and I've had my cock in her a few thousand times since then.  This is an experienced pussy, I'm thinking, as I slide myself in all the way to the hilt.  This pussy knows exactly what to do to make her man happy.

Nonetheless, she plays her part, whimpering as I enter her, imploring me, "Please, sir, be gentle!"

She is hot and tight as I slide in and out of her, and my cocks starts tingling excitedly.  I start increasing the speed and power of my thrusts.

"Sir?" she says breathlessly.  "Master?"

"Yes?"  I'm breathing hard too.  "What is it?"

"Sir, are you going to put your sperm inside me?"

"Yes."  I'm slamming into her very hard now.  I'm about to blow my load.

"But sir," she says, grunting from my ravaging of her, "what if I become with child?  What will the lady think, if I become with child?"

"She'll think you're a whore."

"I know!  And I don't want her to think that!"

"You are a whore, wench.  You're my whore."  I'm fucking her very hard now and I can feel my orgasm beginning, deep inside me.

"Oh, sir," she says, breathing hard, "please don't put your sperm inside me!"

And right then, I explode.  Something about her asking me not to, causes me to want to shoot my balls off immediately, and I slam into her as hard as I can and hold myself there, lifting my head in the air, and I bellow, a long, low moan, as the first shot of come fires down my cock and explodes out of me, filling her womb for the thousandth time with my semen.  I rear back, slam in, and explode again; over and over, a huge load.

I pull out of her.  "Thanks, sweetie," I say, out of character now that my orgasm is complete, "that was great."

She gives me a little curtsy.  "Thank you, sir," she says.  "I'm glad I could be of help."  And she leaves the room.

[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
