A young man's little sister finds his stash of a special new drug.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Horfies, Chapter 1 (MF, creampie, inc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

1997...

Vern watched the couple as they came out of the nightclub, the woman so sloshed that her man had to practically hold her upright as she staggered along next to him. Good, Vern thought, he won't see this coming. He stepped out of the alleyway quickly, his hoodie up, and bumped into him.

"Hey, fucker!" the man shouted as he recoiled from the impact, but as Vern thought, his attention immediately went to keeping his blitzed date on her feet.

"Sorry!" Vern called back as he slipped across the street, prizes in hand.

The man continued on the way to his car. Stupid kid! he thought. If he had accidentally let his conquest for the night drop to the sidewalk, people might have noticed that she wasn't in her right mind. The Horfie he had slipped into her drink -- so named for what was in it, hormones and a roofie -- had left her pretty zonked out, though once the hormones kicked in... He grinned and helped the sexy woman into the passenger seat of his Supra.

---

Back at home, Vern closed his bedroom door and had a look at what he had purloined from the distracted nightclub patron: a wallet with cash and cards, and a small baggie of round yellow pills with nothing to indicate what they were. He called his fence, who would sell off the credit card numbers, and pocketed the $100 in cash. The wallet, with the driver's license and other non-financial cards, he'd toss into a mailbox, and it'd eventually get back to its owner...Vern wasn't cruel, just needful. He asked his fence what the pills might be, but their description didn't match anything the other man was aware of...maybe oxycodone? Vern wasn't going to chance it. He stashed the pills with his collection of porn magazines that were hidden between his mattress and boxspring, whacked off, and then went to sleep.

---

In the late morning, he headed off to buy some breakfast and smokes. His younger sister's bedroom door was closed, so he figured that she was sleeping in. He wasn't going to fault her for that -- it was Summer, after all, and their parents were away visiting family for a few days -- may as well enjoy the time off, he figured.

Tess, Vern's 18-year-old sister, heard the front door close and jumped out of bed wearing only a long t-shirt. The slim dirty blonde put on her glasses, headed to Vern's room, and watched him through the window as he casually strolled down the street and out of sight. Then she lifted his mattress to reveal his porn stash, which she had accidentally found the week previous while emptying the trash in his room; one of the magazines had been peeking out.

She reached for a Club International, but then saw the little baggie with the yellow pills and grabbed it. She had tried Ecstasy before, and they kind of looked like that. Well, she was on vacation, she reminded herself, and he wouldn't miss just one! She popped a pill into her mouth.

---

When Vern got back over an hour later, he noticed his sister's bedroom door was open, but she wasn't there. "Tess?" he called out to the kitchen, but got no response. Then he went into his room and stopped short.

His mattress had been pushed aside, revealing his dirty magazines, and his nerdy sister was sitting on the floor with her back to the boxspring, one slim leg bent up and the other flat on the floor, her hand between them and her head hanging forward, as if she was napping. One of his porn mags was open next to her.

"Fuck!" he swore. "Damnit, Tess..."

Her head swung up upon hearing him. "Fuck," she repeated.

He strode in front of her. "What the hell are you...?" Then he stopped. With her one knee elevated, her t-shirt had ridden up, and he was now looking at her slick pussy. She looked up at him with half-lidded eyes.

He tore his eyes away from her private place. "Sis? You okay?" Then he noticed the bag of pills next to her. "Shit!" He grabbed it. "Did you take any of these, Tess?"

"Mm hm," she replied.

Vern remembered the blitzed woman from the nightclub the previous night. "Oh, these are roofies!" he informed her. "You dumbass."

"Ass," she replied.

If his sister had just found his stash, he figured she'd forget it after the roofie took full effect. He sealed the baggie up and tossed it and the Club International onto the boxspring before pulling the mattress back over top of them. After doing this, though, his crotch ended up only a few inches away from her face. He gasped as she reached up and squeezed his cock through his jeans. He'd been half-hard since seeing her juicy pussy, and her touch was electric.

"Hmm," she hummed, and unzipped his jeans.

"Tess..." he warned her, but he hesitated as her fingers slipped into his pants and slid along his growing member. It felt good! Then she deftly extracted his cock from his boxers and quickly took it into her mouth. "Ohh..." he moaned.

"Mmm..."

He tried to convince himself that he had to stop this, but he hadn't actually had a woman touch his cock in months. He closed his eyes, imagining anyone but his little sister giving him a blowjob...the neighbor that had taken his virginity the previous year, after he turned 18, or Tess' cute friend Angela...

Then his hard cock was dangling in the air, cold and wet. He looked down...Tess looked like she had just fallen asleep! Well, that was for the best, he realized. Not taking the time to tuck his hard member away, he bent down, hooked his arms under her knees and behind her back, and lifted her up. She sighed and wrapped her arms around his neck. This close, he could smell her arousal.

He brought her back to her room and bent over to drop her lightly on her bed, but then she came awake again. "Noo..." She tightened her grip around his neck as he let her go, which caused her body to twist to face him instead of lying flat. With her entire body weight now wrapped around his neck, his lower back protested and he fell forward, right in between her slim legs.

"Tess, c'mon..." he began, but then he felt the shaft of his still-hard cock slide along her hot, wet pussy as she started to thrust her hips up at him. He really really needed to stop this...

"Umm!" Tess moaned as she got the angle right and the tip of her brother's six incher dipped inside her.

"Oh fuck!" he moaned.

"Fuck," she repeated, wrapping her legs around him, her ankles crossed, and pulled him deeper. Half of his cock slipped inside her. "Mmm..." she moaned again.

She didn't seem to be in pain...Vern was relieved that she wasn't a virgin; what a terrible way to lose your cherry, with your brother while blitzed on roofie! Still..."Tess, you have to let me go."

"Go..." she moaned and thrust her hips up at him.

Vern realized that he wasn't exactly putting a lot of effort into extracting himself from his sister's hot, moist pussy. Her insides were tight, and he was full of conflicting feelings. If he didn't look at her, it was like he was inside some other woman. It was feeling really good...

He came back to sanity. "Tess, stop...come on..." He tried to pull free.

"Come..." she moaned, and grabbed him tighter, pulling him into her faster, harder... "Cum!"

"Tess..."

"CUM!" she screamed as her grip tightened even more and an orgasm rushed through her body.

Vern felt her pussy squeeze his cock hard, which caused his own orgasm to peak. "Oh, shit! Tess, leggo...!" But she would not, and so as her wanton body sucked at his cock, his cum exploded deep inside her. "Ahh! Ohhnooo, Tesss...! Uh! Uhh!" Finally, after inseminating his sister for a good 30 seconds, he collapsed upon her, spent.

"Mmm..."

She finally let go of him, and he pulled away, barely able to stay on his feet. He stared at the huge creampie peeking out at him from between his sister's pussy lips. "Oh shit! Oh shit!" he hissed. Was his sister on the pill? He didn't know. He rifled through her drawers, but couldn't find any.

He paced back and forth. If Tess got pregnant, her life would be ruined! She was the smart one, having graduated with honors, while he had barely scraped by to get his diploma the previous year. She was off to university in the Fall, while he had no prospects. This was terrible!

Plus, he realized, when she woke up in a few hours with no memory of what they had done, the sperm dripping out of her would reveal the incestuous truth, and then he would go to jail!

Unless...he stared at the potent load as it started to trickle out of her...ugh, he thought. Could he actually...? Sighing, he pulled her hips to the edge of the bed and moved his face down between her legs. He paused for just a moment, and then fastened his mouth to his little sister's pussy and sucked.

"Huhh?!" Tess sat up, blinking. She looked down at him, her eyes half-lidded, and he froze. "Mmm..." she moaned, and lay back.

His mouth was full of his semen. He realized that he should have grabbed some tissues to spit it out into, but instead just swallowed it. It tasted a bit like pussy, but with an acrid, salty overtone. Not the worst thing he'd eaten, he figured. Then he continued trying to extract his dangerous seed from his sister's unprotected depths.

He figured he had gotten most of it out of her when she started to thrust her pussy into his face. He looked up at her...her mouth was open but her eyes were still closed. As he stuck his tongue deep inside her one last time, she cried out in pleasure and he tasted her orgasmic pussy juice.

He pulled back, but now he had a problem: he was hard again, with his drugged sister's half-naked body spread wide open before him...

I'm going to Hell, he told himself, as if he didn't know that already. He was feeling incredibly guilty about sperming his little sister, so he rolled her over onto her front. At least this way, he figured, he wouldn't see the cute little face of the girl that had grown up with him.

He got up behind her, pulled the ragdolled young woman to a kneeling position, and slotted the head of his hard cock between her wet pussy lips.

"Mm?" she stirred upon feeling him pushing inside her again.

"I'm sorry," he offered, and then he slammed into her hard.

"UH!" she cried out. "Uh! Uh! Uh!" she continued as he jackrabbited into her.

He wanted this one to go fast, so he pushed her t-shirt forward and reached around to palm her small breasts. With this vantage, she could be any short, slim dirty blonde with...wow, her breasts fit nicely into his hands, he realized as he gave them a squish.

"Mm!" Her pussy squeezed his cock a little in response.

He pulled her torso up and held it aloft at a 45 degree angle, her still on her knees, as he sawed into her. "Uh! Uh! Uh!" she continued to gasp in time with his thrusts.

He wasn't reaching orgasm as quickly as he would have liked. "Come on..." he growled, using his sister's drugged body for his own gratification.

"Come..." she moaned.

His mind interpreted that as her demanding his orgasm, and he felt it rising from his loins. I really should pull out this time, he told himself, but then he did the exact opposite, letting her fall forward and ramming himself deeply inside her until his incestuous cum splashed against her cervix once more.

"CUM!" she cried out, and reached her own orgasmic release as she felt her brother's hot, sperm-filled semen inundate her unprotected reproductive system again. "Uhh! Uhhhh!" she moaned as her body shook in pleasure, urging his seed deeper within her forbidden depths.

Finally, he tilted to the side and rolled onto his back, causing his spermy cock to slip out of her. Yep, going to Hell, he told himself, but what a ride to get there.

He almost passed out, he was so exhausted from the sex, but he knew that prison would be a certainty if she woke up to find him in her bed, cock dangling out of his pants, and... He looked at his second load of sperm as it dripped out of her. Sighing, he rolled her onto her back and began the process of extracting it with his mouth again. She orgasmed one more time before he finished, which then caused his cock to engorge once more, but he knew that he had to stop! He put her glasses on the nightstand, tucked her into bed, gave her a kiss on the forehead, and headed back to his room.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)