My Experience

Things just happen and sometimes these things can change one's life.
So it was that night I came home after having a night out with the
girls. Once a month we four girls stop at a local bar for a few
laughs and drinks on the third Thursday of every month. So it was
coming up on midnight when I pulled into my driveway. The houses are
pretty close together only separated by the width of the driveway.
Not wanting to have my light flash across the neighbor's house I
turned my light off just before I turned off the street. I don't park
in the garage that is used for storage of my hobby and craft junk.
When I got out I happen to look over at my neighbor's house and I
noticed a light coming from their basement window. I am not a peeping
tom or even nosey for that matter but for some unknown reason I took
a closer look. I could see Rupa standing naked next to a guy that was
not her husband.
She was looking to one side and so was the guy next to her. I
thought "Rupa for a big girl you do have one hell of a figure." That
was when I happen to notice the dick on the guy standing next to her.
It was at full erection and it was a monster. Long, thick and the
head was pointed with a wide ridge at the back of the helmet head.
Kind of like a plow and it was ready to do some plowing. I think I
may have licked my lips once or twice remembering how I loved to hold
my husband's dick in my mouth. God he had a nice one too, but not
that size. My husband ran off over a year ago and I still don't miss
him but I do miss having sex with him he was good for that if nothing
else.
Taking a step closer I could see what they were looking at. Rupa's
husband Anand was on his knees behind a skinny little girl fucking
her doggie style. Anand looked to be well hung also but maybe a
little shorter than the one standing. The girl was with smallish tits
and a thin ass. Anand had a hold of her by the hips and was giving
her a fast track fuck. This was like looking at a XXX video but I
knew these people. However I had no idea they were into swinging. I
was spellbound as I watched. I lifted my skirt and started to
masturbate by rubbing my clitoris. My pussy was already wet so what
the hell I may as well enjoy myself. I often masturbate and I have a
couple of dildos to help me get through the horny days. I could tell
Anand was close to cumming. When he was ready he pulled out and shot
his load up on her ass. Boy did he have a lot of cum. He must have
cum enough to fill a teacup. Well maybe not a whole cup but he did
cum a lot. More than any man I had ever seen.
Anand moved back and Rupa got down in front of him and started to
suck his cock taking the last few droops into her mouth. Mr. Monster
Dick got down behind Rupa and rammed his cock up her cunt. He was
fucking her doggie style as Anand had done to the other girl. Rupa
has long pointed tits, which were shaking and bounding. After a few
minutes she let go of her husband wilting cock to enjoy what was
being done to her. I had pulled my panties to the side now getting
two fingers in my cunt. I wanted to cum too, there was no reason
those people should have all the fun. Mr. Monster Dick was plowing
Rupa's cunt slowly at first and watching his long cock going into her
was driving me crazy. I wanted to run in there and let him fuck me
too. But I would settle for masturbating tonight. I watched as the
guy came like Anand pulling out and shooting his load up on Rupa's
ass. I started to cum myself as the little girl came over to lick the
cum off Rupa's ass. I fell back a few steps resting on the side of my
car as I let go. The creamy foam ran down around my fingers going on
down my leg. My legs gave out and my ass hit the pavement. I must
have blacked out for a few minutes. When I came to the light was out
in the basement. I struggled to get to my feet but was soon in my
bedroom still hot as a firecracker. I wondered who Mr. Monster Dick
was. It would be nice to get some of that stuff.
The next day I wanted to tell my girlfriend Nisha at work but she
knew Rupa and they were also buddies. So I could not let on I had
seen that party last night. That scene kept running over and over in
my head. Twice I dashed into the bathroom and laid tissue in my
panties to keep me dry. Friday night was my night to read to the kids
in the children's ward at the hospital. So after work I drove
straight there. One little girl seemed very unhappy so I asked her if
I could read her a story. She looked at me with big sad eyes and
nodded Ok. So I picked a little reader and started she fell a sleep
in fifteen minutes. The nurse came in and said they had tried to get
her to sleep all day and could not. I was very tired myself and was
about to leave the ward when a young man in his late teens came up to
me and said he was the girls brother and he thanked me for what I
did. He was very warm and pleasant so when he asked me to join him
for a cup of coffee I accepted. Before long we were laughing and
talking like old friends. His sister had been in an accident with her
mother who was visiting for the day. Mother and father were not
living together. I just blurted out that my husband had run off too.
This somehow seemed to create a bond between us. He asked me to have
a drink with him. I followed in my car all the while wondering what
the hell I was doing with a young man young enough to be my son.
Wow, My son, now there was something I had not thought about in
years. I had a son about this mans age. I was only nineteen when he
was born and my family had sent me to an Aunt out of state to have
the baby and give it up at birth. What did I know I was young and
scared?
As luck would have it I could never have another and that bothered me
some later in life. I guess that is why my husband left me he wanted
kids. The bar was a little neighborhood bar I had never been to. He
seemed to know every one and we were soon laughing and having fun
with his friends. No one said, anything about me being older than
Ajay and no one said one remark off color. It was a real nice place
and these were nice people. We danced a few times then as it got late
we were sitting close in a back booth. The bar had thinned out
leaving Ajay and I alone in a back booth. He was sitting close and it
was very warm in there. The drinks were doing a job on me. So when
Ajay leaned over to kiss me I let him. When he slipped a hand up
under my sweater to caress my breast I let him. When he moved my hand
to his crotch I was more than willing to feel his rather long hard
cock through his jeans. He was kissing me and I was rubbing his fine
hard cock when he asked "Your place or mine?"
I quickly said, " My place I live alone and we can relax knowing no
one will drop in on us." Ajay was easy and slow. He did not rush me
but still we were standing naked in my bedroom only minutes after we
entered the house. " My Ajay you have a lovely cock." I said. Smiling
at his deep eyes. He was looking me up and down as well. He said, "
Darling Aditi You are beautiful and you have a great body. Turn
around for me let me see all of you?" I did a slow turn for him. He
stopped me half was around and pulled me back into him. His long cock
pushed its' way between my legs. I had to stand on my tiptoes so I
did not bend it down. I wiggled my hips allowing the cock to flip
cross wise on my wet pussy. It felt so good to have a hot cock along
my pussy after so long a time. He kissed me on the neck reaching
around and taking both tits in his strong hands. He was moving his
hips back and forth rubbing my pussy with his cock. One hand dropped
to my clitoris to rub it as he rub fucked me from behind. God all
mighty he was driving me nut and very close to a climax.
I was so hot I was nearly out of my mind. When he moved me to the bed
and laid me on my back. My eyes were closed but I knew what he was
going to do when he kissed me on the inside of my thighs. My pussy
had not been kissed and licked in a long time. I pulled my pussy open
wide for his tongue to do it's job. I murmured and cried as I let go
with a flood of nectar long held back but needing to get free. He
licked me and sucked on my stiff little clitoris taking me straight
into a second climax one right after another. His face was wet, the
bed was wet and I was wet all the way down my legs and through the
crack of my ass. I was going up and over that crest again when I fell
into a dark pit of lust and happiness, Just before I passed out I
realized he had a finger deep in my ass and that felt wonderful too.
I had never had a finger in my ass before or anything else for that
matter. But it was arousing and exciting I thought as I slipped under
the cover of sleep. How long I had been asleep I don't know but when
I woke Ajay was snoring peacefully next to me. I rose and tip toed
into the bathroom.
When I sat down on the toilet I felt a strange sensation in my groin,
and it was as if I had been stretched every way twice. But then I
realized that he had fucked me in the ass and most likely the pussy
as well. I had been well fucked more than once that was sure.
Something told me that it had been something special for him. I did
not remember it but I was sure I was not totally out of it when he
seduced me. I did seem to remember some of it. I remembered Ajay
saying, Aditi you have a nice ass. I want to fuck it. Yes I did
remember that now. He had said he wanted to fuck my ass. I guess I
said Ok or some thing because I just don't think he would have done
that if I had said No. Yes and I do remember him over top of me
driving down into me. But it was in bits and pieces not one long
memory. I guess the booze and late hour was just too much for me. I
was tender as I slipped back into bed. Ajay was up and dressed as I
woke to the sound of him moving about.
"Aditi, you were wonderful, I must however get to work now. I'll call
you later to day." I know you don't work on Saturday so relax and
when I get off I'll bring dinner if you will allow me that
privilege." He kissed me and was out the door. Everything was hazy
from the night before. Nothing seemed to be real clear. But the
feeling of him lingered in my body all day. I wondered if I could
take it again to night. If I were not yet fit for more fucking maybe
Ajay would let me suck him off. Could he be satisfied with that? Even
if I did feel better later tonight I still wanted to suck his cock. I
wanted Ajay to know I like to suck cock and I wanted to do that for
him.
Around two o'clock I rested on the sofa falling into a deep sleep
filled with dreams. I saw a baby falling past me down and out of
sight. I tried to catch it but I could not get my hands on it. I
could not see where it went just down and out of sight. Then I was
walking with Ajay and he was introducing me to his friends at the
bar. He said, "Guys this is my aunty." I looked at him and he was
naked his cock was hard and I wanted to suck it for him. But as I
dropped to my knees in front of him I woke up shivering. The dream
slipped from me so fast I could not remember it seconds later. But
the feeling of wanting this young man in my arms was stronger that
the night before. If he come back and if we made love again I was not
going to be drunk and I was going to remember all that happens.
Being true to his word Ajay showed up with an arm full of take out
food. I fixed the kitchen table as we ate in an informal sitting. It
was easy to talk to Ajay and we laughed and enjoyed a meal together
as if we were family. I was rising the cups and glasses when Ajay
came up behind me taking both breasts in hand. "Aditi, you got a
couple of fine tits here, and God knows I do enjoy a nice heavy tit."
I was in a festive mood and jokingly said "Well big boy you also have
some thing I enjoy." Saying this I reached back to feel his cock
through his jeans. I screamed with pleasure and started to laugh.
Ajay had taken his cock out of his jeans and I got a hand full of
warm solid meat.
I cried with joy and excitement as I turned in his arms and we
kissed. I never let go of his cock I was so happy to feel its
hardness and warmth. His hands were on my tits kneading and fondling
it felt so wonderful to have my breasts touched. I said, "You are so
bad, I should spank you or punish you for being so bad." He laughed
and I slipped from his arms as I went to my knees I front of him. He
quickly dropped his trousers so he was completely exposed. He
said, "Now who is being bad."
I said, as I took his handsome cock in both hands. "I am not being
bad this is your punishment for being bad." He laughed as I took his
wonderful cock into my mouth. Ajay stood on shaking legs as I sucked
his cock deep in my mouth. I licked and suck as he let out little
cries of happiness. Cupping his balls in my hand I felt them start to
draw up tight under his cock. I knew he was close to cumming. I was
having the time of my life. I was so happy and aroused in a devilish
kind of a way. I had always loved to feel a warm cock in my mouth.
The soft skin around a hard muscle seems to drive me wild. I was on a
high that I could not control. I wanted to feel his cock explode in
my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum and drink from this fountain of
love. His balls got tighter and his cock was throbbing as I took it
deep in my mouth. There came a flotilla of sperm, sailing down my
throat smoothly and joyously I sucked every drop of his fluid till
his legs gave out and he collapsed to the floor with me.
We hugged and kissed as I let my cum covered tongue dart into his
mouth. We smeared the creamy fluid all over both our faces as if we
were painting our faces in celebrating of the event or of events
still to cum.
Some minutes later he was undressing me in the up stairs bedroom. We
were in no hurry to start again so we laid in each other arms hugging
and caressing one another's bodies. I don't know what made me talk
about what I had seen next door but I told Ajay the whole story in
including me masturbating to a climax. He asked me if I had ever
thought about engaging in multiple partners. I told him no however
watching it surely turned me on. He said, "You enjoy two feeling of
stimulation at one time don't you?" I thought about that and saw were
he was going. So I said, "yes I guess I do, I find it very erotic to
feel a finger in my pussy and even more so when I have a cock in my
mouth." He smiled and said, "Yes like that double the pleasure double
the fun."
I asked him "Have you ever engaged in sex with more than one girl at
a time. Or been in a room where others were engaged I sex?" He rose
up on an elbow and looked me straight in the eye and answered "Yes I
have and I found it very erotic to see and be part of such a group.
But that is not to say I want to engage in anything like that with
you." I did without thinking put him on the spot so to speak. "Oh,
your ashamed of me is that it. You don't want anyone to know your
fucking older women Is that it?" I was smiling and he knew I was
joking with him.
He laughed saying "Oh, damn you found me out, but it is not that I am
ashamed of being seen having sex with you. Hell no I don't want any
one to know just how good a fuck you older broads are. Besides if we
went to a sex party and the guys found out how great a cocksucker you
are I would never see you again."
Playfully I yelled "Old, broad am I I'll show you, you young whiper
snapper."
I rolled over on top of him spreading a knee on either side of his
hips. His cock was fully erect and it ran up my back side. So I slid
back forcing his hard-on to be pushed flat between his legs and my
legs as well. It had grown dark by this time as we played I saw the
lights come on across the driveway. I laid flat on his chest and
said, "Ajay the lights are on the house next door the one I told you
about."
"You mean the swingers?" He asked.
"Yes and both Rupa and Anand are in there bedroom. Maybe we can see
something?" I said laughing. Somehow we were on all fours looking out
my window straight into the bedroom window next door. Ajay moved
behind me quickly inserting his cock in my pussy and holding me by
the hips. Gees this was a first. It was like watching a XXX video and
getting fucked doggie style at the same time. I was getting turned on
by the second as I saw Rupa and Anand were not alone.
There stood my girlfriend from work Nisha. Nisha was a gorgeous girl
a little older than Rupa or I. Nisha had large round tits that got a
lot of attention from all the guys in the office both young and old.
But Nisha was also a very attractive lady for any age. Seeing her
naked I was impressed with her fine figure even though she was a
little pudgy around the middle. Her legs were shapely and solid.
Anand sat on the edge of the bed and Rupa came over to him and
kneeled in front of her husband. Nisha joined Anand on the bed. Anand
took one of Nisha's full breasts in his hand. Rupa moved between his
legs and took his long hard cock in her mouth. Anand fingered Nisha
as he got a cock sucking from Rupa.
Ajay was watching with much interest but he never forgot me for a
moment. He never stopped fucking me slow and easy as we watched the
show next door. I was getting turned on and I think Ajay could tell I
was. He slowed down almost to stop but he was still letting me know
he was in me and very deeply. Then Rupa pulled free of her husband's
cock and moved over in front of Nisha. Nisha's legs were already
parted from Anand's fingering her and her pussy looked very wet. Rupa
made no stop from one to the other she pushed her head between
Nisha's legs and even though I could not see it of sure I knew Rupa
was licking Nisha's pussy. God I was so turned on. I was about to
cum. My eyes fell on Anand's' cock and I wanted to join the group so
I could suck his cock. It was so pretty and I wanted to get his cock
in my mouth. Just about them Ajay rammed me faster and I knew he was
also close to climaxing. Now I was ready so I closed my eyes and
concentrated on what Ajay was doing.
It was a warm sunny morning and I was enjoying the solitude of being
a lone. I really have enjoyed Ajay and the way he makes me feel but I
do enjoy my own space. As I came out the back door I noticed Anand in
his yard. We exchanged "Hi's" and I ask him what he was doing home in
the middle of the week. He told me He had a few days off while his
office was moving to a new location. I ask if they would move and he
said 'No" he would just have a little farther to drive that is all.
We started to talk as we moved closer together I stood in my drive
and Anand came so close I could smell his after shave. He was so
handsome and I was remembering how I had felt the other night. So
when he asked me to come over for coffee I accepted. Seated in a
booth type eating arrangement in his kitchen He hands me a cup of
coffee and slipped in next to me rather than across from me. He said
it was nice to have such a lovely neighbor next door. He told me that
he was always happy to see me out side so he could talk to me and
look at my body. I blushed and said, "Thanks"
His legs were next to mine and it was on fire. He put an arm around
my shoulders and I did not try to stop him. He leaned close and
whispered that he had often thought of me all alone over there next
door. I could not answer as he kissed me on the neck. He told me I
was a beautiful woman and he had admired me for a long time. I
managed to squeak out an answer that I had noticed him too, as he was
such a handsome man. He turned my head with the touch of a finger to
my chin and we kissed. It was long and soft just lips at first then I
felt his tongue touch my lips. I opened my mouth and let it dart into
my mouth. I wiggle my tongue against his and he pressed his mouth
harder to mine. I was totally unaware his hand had found my breast.
He pulled me closer and I turned as best I could sitting so close. I
felt his hand tighten on my breast and I was amazed at how I reacted.
I laid my hand in his lap where I found a large swelling. We were
both wearing shorts and his were very tight. His grip tightened on my
breast and it was almost to the point where it hurt. But I did not
care. So I tightened my grip on his wonderful cock. The same cock I
had seen Nisha suck and the same one I had wanted to suck. As if
Anand could read my mind he stood and quickly opened his shorts to
let out his hard cock. There I was in my neighbor's kitchen looking
as his wonderful cock just inches from my face. I did not blink I
reached for his cock and pulled it into my mouth. I moaned as I
tasted his wetness. The single drop of sweet juicy had spilled out
for me. I wanted to taste his cum; I wanted Anand to fill my mouth I
wanted to suck him dry. "Aditi" he said. "God damn you are good!" He
held my head and worked his cock in and out of my mouth slowly. He
had one foot up on the seat and I was holding his heavy balls as I
slowly suck his cock deep into my mouth. I wanted to ask him if I was
as good at sucking his cock as Nisha or Rupa but I was too busy to
speak. He was making a soft gasping sound every time I sucked him
deeper in my mouth.
"Aditi, don't make me cum I want to fuck you. I want to fuck you so
hard and I want to lick your cunt." He was talking but I was intent
on making him cum in my mouth. He may have wants too but this was my
morning and he was going to cum in my mouth. He must have gotten the
idea I was not about to stop so I felt him relax and his balls
tighten up in my hand. I had reached around his back and was pulling
him to me. My fingers were deep in the crack of his ass. I was
hunting for his asshole I knew most men enjoyed a finger in their ass
as they shot off for a cocksucker like me.
He stiffened, he held my head between both hands and I heard him
moan. His wonderful cock swelled and pulsated as his first spurt of
warm sperm filled my mouth. I swallowed it and waited for more. He
was full and he shot load after load into my mouth. It was so sweet
and I loved every drop. I felt his balls relax and start to hang down
in his great sack. That was when I heard Rupa's voice "I see you got
company Anand!" My eyes flew open to see Rupa standing at the back
door. She was smiling and even though her voice was harsh her face
said otherwise. I did not let his cock slip from my mouth. But sat
there like a frozen dummy. She said, "Damn Anand was not that fucking
blow job I gave you this morning enough for a while. Do you have to
get this old fucking broad from next door to suck you off too?"
He was laughing and he said, "Rupa, Aditi is very adept at sucking
cock. I knew she was just by looking at her. And I'll tell you this
she has a fine set of knockers too." The next thing I knew Rupa was
standing next to us Anand's cock was still in my mouth. It was
getting smaller but it was still firm and I do think he was becoming
aroused again. Rupa bent down close and pulled my mouth from Anand's
cock. Then she surprised me by kissing me full on the mouth. I let
her slip her tongue into my mouth and suck some of his cum into her
own mouth. I had a sharp stabbing pain in my lower abdomen like
nothing I had ever expensed before. My cunt quivered and something
inside me tightened and caused me to feel faint.
That was six months ago. I was remembering all that as I sat across
from Rupa and Ajay. We were all naked and had just finished a
wonderful session together. I had after my first time with Anand and
Rupa told them of "My nephew" who was not really but I thought of him
as such. It seemed so natural for the four of us should enjoy life
together. Nisha had joined us once or twice and Mr. Monster Dick had
come by a few times. God he almost tore me a new one.
But I have learned to enjoy him as well as Anand. I have also learned
to engage in oral sex with Rupa while one of the guys fucks me doggie
style. Ajay has taken to enjoying my ass from time to time. But I
still enjoy sucking a cock off better than a fuck. Call me crazy if
you will but I love to feel a hot hard cock in my mouth. If I can get
a cock in my cunt at the same time now that is a real thrill. Ajay
has moved in with me and life has only gotten better. My nephew he is
and my nephew he will remain.

