                                 Signs

                    M/F bd ds nosex Fsolo oral cons

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





Samantha read the glitter covered label attached to the box.  It
simply read "I hope you're pleasantly surprised." She'd saved the
present from her new friend Eric for last.  They'd only met a few
weeks ago and it wasn't yet clear which direction their relationship
was heading in.  Probably just friendship, but there was something
about the way he looked at her...  she could have sworn that once
or twice his eyes had betrayed a desire for her, but it was unlikely
to lead anywhere.

Whenever she hinted at her sexuality - the restraints and gags that
really turned her on, or how being ordered around in bed aroused her
so much - he seemed to be adverse to the idea of trying any of these
things.  He said he didn't want to hurt her.  While the sentiment
was very sweet, his misconceptions about what she enjoyed were also
frustrating.  She had tried to explain that it wasn't a form of
abuse, but she got the impression that he didn't see the distinction.
Still, they liked each other and they had a lot of other things in
common, so they would at least remain friends.

Samantha tore off the wrapping paper and pulled out the box's contents.
When she saw what her present was, her jaw dropped.  In her hands
was an exquisite head harness.  The gag was a very short tube, or a
very thick ring, depending on how you looked at it.  Either way, it
was clearly designed to prise the wearer's mouth open.  A web of
thick rubber straps ensured that the gag would be held in place, and
it even came with mini padlocks and keys.

Clearly, Eric must be giving her a sign.  She thought about what
she'd say to him when they next got together; how this would change
their relationship.  She felt the uncontrollable urge to hug someone
in celebration, to share her joy, but there was no one there to hug.
She was alone in her apartment, and on her birthday, no less.  Not
that it was the end of the world.  After all, it gave her the
opportunity to try her present out.  Just to see how well it fit.



After fumbling around with the harness for a short while, Samantha
had finally managed to get it on properly, fastening the straps as
tightly as she could manage.  She looked at herself in her full
length mirror.  One of the padlocks was dangling down from the strap
wrapped around the bottom of her chin, but the rest were at the back
of her head, out of sight.  Her hair looked a mess, sticking out in
all directions from under the straps, so she tied it into pigtails.
Much better.

Looking at her reflection, Samantha realised that the head harness
didn't go too well with the sweater and jeans she'd worn to work,
so she tried on a few other outfits.  In the end she settled for a
pleated skirt worn over a garter belt and stockings, with heeled
shoes.  She completed the outfit with a collar and leash she'd bought
many years beforehand.

She looked at herself in the mirror: at the bead of drool running
down her skin, between her firm breasts; at a helpless young woman,
owned and ready to service her master.  If only.  The next thing she
knew, she was shivering with arousal as she made her way to her bed.



Eric strolled up the stairs to Samantha's apartment, a box of
chocolates in his arm.  It evidently hadn't taken her long to try
out her present, or to find out that he'd packaged it with the wrong
keys.  When he had answered his phone half an hour earlier, he'd
instantly recognised her voice, if not her words.  He had assured
her that he'd be right over, and he was keeping his promise.

He checked his breath on his hand before knocking on her door.  She
answered it almost immediately, and he slid inside before anyone
else could see her.

Locking the door behind him, Eric turned around to face the figure
standing before him in the hallway.  Samantha looked more stunning
then than he'd ever seen her before.  Her hair was in pigtails, and
her slim, curvaceous figure was accentuated by the little black dress
she was wearing.  Most alluring of all, she was wearing a collar
with a chain dangling down from it.  The chain ended in a handle
which was gently brushing against her thigh.

Eric briefly wondered if she'd changed into the outfit for the gag
or for him.  Either way, he'd given her plenty of time to change
before he'd arrived.  He took her clothes, and especially her collar
and leash, as a sign that she approved of her present.

Trying his best to act calm and confident, Eric wordlessly walked
up to her and took hold of her leash.  He led her into her living
room, where he sat down, placing the box of chocolates on the table
beside him.  The aroma of ylang ylang filled the room, helping calm
his nerves.

Samantha knelt down in front of him.  As she looked up at him, the
various candles lighting the room reflected in her hopeful and eager
eyes, he began to suspect that he might enjoy her deeply submissive
sexuality after all.

"Do you like your present?" he asked, trying not to let his intimidation
show.

Samantha nodded, and Eric swore that he saw a glimpse of a smile
wrapped around her gag.

"I'll give you the keys to it just as soon as you've earned them,"
he said, trying to sound like he meant it.  He mentally braced himself
for a slap in the face, but none came.  He took it as another sign.
A very good one.

Slowly but firmly, Eric pulled on the top of Samantha's leash, inching
her beautiful face closer and closer to his lap.  She was practically
purring as she brought her hands forward and began to unfasten his
jeans.
