Will She Accept the Challenge
byNewNaughtyWriter©

Part 1

It was late August, the time almost 9pm. The sun had gone down and dusk had arrived. 

She turned her car off the main road and pulled onto the drive outside her house. Glancing in the rear view mirror she adjusted her dark brown hair before removing the keys from the ignition, opening the door and climbing out of her car. She carried her keys in her hand searching for the correct key to unlock the door. Concentrating on finding the key she almost failed to notice the note pinned to the front door. She looked at the note puzzled and noticed the word "Wife" written on the front. Still puzzled she removed the note from the door. She opened the envelope and removed the small piece of paper which had been folded up and placed inside. Still confused she unfolded the piece of paper to reveal its content.

"My Darling Wife

Tonight I have a little surprise in store for you. If you do as I say you will have the most amazing evening, like you have never experienced before. I make it clear that you will not want to do everything I tell you to. But please know, you will not be harmed and you will not be put in danger. Ultimately, the choice is yours. If you decide to accept the challenge I would ask for your full commitment. If you do not, now is the time to back out."

She felt a mixture of emotions. Initially confusion. What was this all about? Her mind began to race. What did her husband have in store? Usually her husband sought to be controlled and she was unfamiliar with relinquishing control. What should she do? Intrigue started to get the better of her. She needed to know. She read on.

"You must decide. All the entrances to the house are locked. You have 2 ways of gaining entry. Firstly, if you do not accept the challenge stop reading this note now and post it through the letter box. I will unlock the door and you can walk into the house as normal. You will never know what you missed out on. 

Only read on if you accept the challenge."

She paused, thinking. What was this about? What would he make her do? She was concerned. She knew her husband had a pretty wild imagination. She didn't realise it at first but she was starting to become excited by the prospect of the unknown. The thought of never finding out what her husband had in store was too much for her. She was in!

"If you are reading this you have decided to accept the challenge. This is a final chance to back out. If you carry on reading you acknowledge that you will follow all of my instructions."

"I will" she said to herself.

"Ok, I suspect your curiosity is peaked and you could not resist the desire to find out what I have in store for you. 

To gain access to the house you must post your panties through the letter box. You may return to the car to remove them, but any items of clothing that you have to remove to take off you panties must stay off. After you have posted your panties get back in the car and await further instruction by text message"

As soon as she read the instruction she wondered whether she had made the correct decision. She was stood outside her house situated on a main road and her husband was asking her to take off her panties! She looked down at what she was wearing. If only she had worn a dress or a skirt! She had on a pair of tight leggings. There was one thing for sure she wouldn't be able to remove her panties without taking those off! However, her top was fairly long. Still, way too short to be considered a dress, but long enough to cover her bum, she hoped!

Could she do this? Could she really remove her leggings and panties in the car on the front of her house, then walk to her front door and post them. She must. She had agreed. She knew how excited her husband would be. She didn't want to let him down. Her adrenaline was pumping and she felt a tingle of excitement between her legs. 

She slowly slid the leggings down, lifting them over her high heels. They were off. She sat there, feeling the cold car seat on her bum. She paused and built up some further courage. Lifting her bum off the seat she hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and quickly slid them down, over her knees and off. She instinctively pulled down on her top. It wasn't as long as she thought! 

Now for the difficult part. She looked around checking that nobody was around. She couldn't see anyone. She opened the car door and felt the draught of fresh air on her naked pussy. It felt cold. She reached down and touched it. She was surprised at how wet she had become. 

She took her first step out of the car. She didn't remember the wind being as strong. The bottom of her top blew in the wind exposing her naked ass to anyone that might be looking. She felt excited. She decided it best not to hang around and quickly set off for the door. The gravel underneath her feet crunched. She panicked that the sound might cause a neighbour to peer out of their window and see her. She arrived at the front door. Holding her panties in one hand, she had to use her other hand to open the letterbox. It dawned on her that she would not have a free hand to hold her top in place. She let go of her top to open the letter box. As she did a gust of wind caught her loose top blowing it up around her tummy. She was fully exposed for the world to see. She pushed her panties though the letter box and quickly pulled her top back down to cover herself as best she could. It barely covered her. Heart racing, she ran back to the car and jumped in. 

On the other side of the door her grinning husband picked up her panties. He examined them and was pleased to find the signs of her excitement. He was unsure if she would accept the challenge but was delighted that she had. His erection grew at the thought of what he had in store for her. Would she continue to obey or would she back out. Only time would tell!

He took out his phone and began writing the text which contained her next set of instructions.

She felt the phone vibrate in her hand. The text was short. 

"Go around the back of the house. Your next instruction is pinned to the back door"

To get to the back of the house she would have to walk down the passage that ran between her own house and that of her neighbour. Could she really walk down that passage dressed like this? What if the neighbour looked out of his window or worse still came out? She knew the chances were slim but there was a chance. She had to do it. She took a deep breath, looked around to check there was no one around before opening the door and making her move. She walked quickly, but did not run as she did not wish to attract any unnecessary attention. She passed the window of her neighbour's house. The curtains were open. She couldn't help but glance in. They were there, sat on their sofa. Her heart beat faster but she knew that from where they were sat they would only be able to see the top half of her body. They would never know that if there window sill was a few inches lower they would have had an unobstructed view of her now very wet pussy. 

She opened the gate and was about to step onto the back yard when she remembered the security light. If she triggered the sensor the back yard would be fully illuminated and so would she! Would her husband have left it turned on? She didn't think so but she couldn't take that chance. If she walked close to the house then there was a chance she could get to the back door without activating it. She hugged the wall and slowly made her way to the back door. The back door was a double glass door and as described in the text she received only minutes earlier, pinned to it was a second note. 

The back of the house was in darkness. She couldn't see in through the windows. However, she knew her husband would be stood in the shadows watching her every move. The thought of him watching her spurred her on. She knew he liked to be put in compromising situations himself. She also knew how excited watching his wife in a vulnerable position would get him.

She unfolded the note. It was getting dark and it was difficult to read. She used the light from her mobile telephone to read what it said.

"You are doing well my beautiful wife. Know that watching you is making my cock grow hard. In time you will see the effect your actions have had on me. For now, you must follow a further instruction before you will be allowed to enter the house."

Her mid raced. What would she have to do now? What else could he expect her to do!

"You must move directly in front of the glass doors so I can see you. You must strip off your remaining clothes very slowly. Each item you remove you must post into the house through the cat flap. Once you are completely naked you must stand with your back to the door. Your arms must be by your side. You must not cover yourself up. You next instruction will come by text."

He couldn't do this to her. If she followed his instruction she would be locked outside her own house naked, with no clothes to put on. To make matters worse, her back yard was over looked by the property behind. If they were to look out of their window they would see her in all her glory. She hesitated. It was getting dark. She had still managed to avoid triggering the security light. If she could strip without setting it off then even if they did look out they wouldn't be able to see her very clearly. 

Could she do it? Yes, she had to. She moved in front of the glass doors and slowly pulled her top up over her head. Her top came off and she held it in her hand. She bent over to pass the top through the cat flap as instructed. As she bent she felt the breeze against her wet pussy lips. She knew anyone looking at her from behind would have had an unobstructed view. This thought ran through her mind and she was surprised when she felt a tingling sensation between her legs.

After she had posted her top she stood up and reached behind her back to unclasp her bra, which was her last remaining item of clothing. She unclipped the fastener and lowered the bra exposing her beautifully firm breasts. As soon as she lowered the bra she felt the cold air on her nipples which immediately stood to attention. She knew how her husband loved to see her erect nipples and smiled to herself, knowing the pleasure he must be getting from watching her do this. She posted her bra through the cat flap. 

She had done it. Apart from her heels, which she knew her husband would want her to leave on, she was now fully naked. As instructed she turned her back to the glass door and put her arms by her side. She did not cover herself up. She was getting braver. The feeling of releasing control and being exposed was seriously beginning to turn her on. Her pussy was getting wetter and the tingling sensation between her legs was growing. As she stood their she resisted the urge to place her hand between her legs and touch herself.

From inside the house her husband watched. In reality he never expected his wife would get this far. Yet she was stood outside completely naked for the world to see. He smiled noting that she had left her shoes on. He knew she had done that for him and he liked it. His cock was straining in his shorts. He could feel the pre cum leaking out. He couldn't help taking himself in his hand and stroking his cock whilst he watched his beautiful wife. He must control himself. He had another text to write. Would she follow this next instruction? He was unsure, but he started to type.

"You are the most amazing wife a man could ask for. You have done so well to get this far. You are only 1 step away from gaining entry to the house and discovering what awaits you inside."

What did await her inside? What did he have in mind for her? She needed to know. More than that she needed to get in. She was seriously turned on and she needed an orgasm!

"The key for the door is outside already. It is on the bench by the side of the shed. Next to it is a blindfold. To get in all you have to do is walk over to the key and pick it up along with the blindfold. You must then walk back to the door at which point you may unlock and open it. However, before you enter the house you must put on the blindfold. P.S I said walk. You must resist the urge to run"

That didn't sound too difficult, she thought. She could do that. Then it hit her. To get to the key she would have to walk over the lawn. As soon as she stepped away from the house the security light sensor would detect her and when it did she would be lit up. Would he have left it turned on? She knew she would be fully exposed to all the neighbours if he had. She was nervous, but at the same time excited. What would happen when she stepped onto the lawn?

She slowly started to walk towards the bench where the key and the blindfold were placed. She desperately wanted to run, but she knew her husband would be watching. His instructions were quite specific on the point. She was now a few meters away from the house and the light still hadn't come on. Had he turned it off? One more step revealed the answer. She heard a click and immediately the garden was filled with light. She was naked and the bright light was shining on her. All her instincts told her to run, to cover herself up. But she did neither. She bravely and slowly continued her slow walking journey. She looked at the windows of the neighbouring properties to check if anyone was looking. If they were, there was nothing she could do now. 

She arrived at her destination where she saw the key and the blindfold. Unlike the instructions they were not on the bench but on the floor underneath it. She was unsure if her husband had placed them here on purpose or whether they had blown off. Either way she was going to have get on all fours to retrieve them. That would mean her head would be down and her naked ass and pussy would be in the air for all to see. The tingling between her legs continued, her heart raced and she felt herself getting wetter with each second.

He watched her through the glass door. He had placed the key on the floor under the bench. He knew it would be difficult for her to get. He saw her crouch down on all fours. Her ass was in the air. Was she spreading her legs on purpose to give him a better view? He thought she was. She was getting into this. He watched her reach further under the bench to retrieve the key. His wife's pussy looked amazing. He could tell how wet she was as he saw her pussy lips glisten in the light.

As she reached under the seat she smiled. She had deliberately opened her legs to give her husband a better view of her wet pussy. She knew that would excite him. She lingered in this position a little longer than necessary to allow her husband to get a good look at her. She didn't want to disappoint him.

She retrieved the key and blindfold and slowly stood up. Her worries about being seen had long since gone. She was enjoying the feeling of being out in the open air naked. She boldly and confidently walked back across the garden to the door. She placed the key in the locked and turned it. She heard the door lock click open. She opened the door and was about to walk through when she remembered the blindfold. She looked into the dark house but she could not see her husband. As instructed, she tied the blindfold around her eyes and stepped into the house. What would happen next? She had no idea. The thought sent a tingle through her pussy. At least now she was inside, what every happened would be private between her and her husband. Or would it?


Part 2

She stood there for what felt like a life time. The air in the room felt cold keeping her nipples erect. Where was her husband? What was he doing? The anticipation of the unknown excited her and her desire to climax built.

She heard footsteps padding down the stairs. He was coming. She stood still as she heard the footsteps get closer. The footsteps stopped. Her husband was close. 

He was stood behind his beautiful wife, still surprised that she was playing along. He was unsure if she would comply, but she had so far and given the display she had offered whilst retrieving the key he suspected she was enjoying it. He longed to touch her pussy to check that his game as having the desired effect. However, he refrained; there would be time for that later. He knew she would be desperate for that touch and he wanted to continue to build her level desperation. 

Instead he lightly traced his finger down the length of her spine. As though his fingers contained pulses of electricity she recoiled at his touch. She was enjoying this more than he had thought.

His touch had sent a tingle though her body like she had never felt before. Oh how she longer for him to grab her and take her on the spot. She had a distinct feeling that was not going to happen. She felt him place his hands on her slender shoulders and run them down to her slim waist, stopping short of her beautifully taught ass. She instinctively raised onto tip toes in the hope that he would slid his hands further down her body. He pussy tingled and she had to refrain from sliding her hands between her legs and touching her swollen clitoris. 

Then he spoke. "I love you my beautiful wife. You have been brave, but I get the impression you have enjoyed my challenge. Your glistening pussy tells me all I need to know. I am inviting you to continue with this adventure. You must decide now if you will accept the challenge. If you do, as before I expect total commitment. If you cannot offer that, then back out now".

Hearing his voice excited her. She was worried what he may have in store for her. There was no denying it, she was surprisingly excited by the events so far. There was no way she would back out now. "I will give you my total commitment."

"Good," he replied. "Now for the rules. There are only 2 of them. Number one. You will do as I say. No questions. Just do it. Number two. You will not cum, under any circumstances unless I give you permission. Do you understand?"

"Yes," was her reply. 

He smiled to himself as he admired his wife's beautiful body. She had given herself to him. Now all he had to do was use her. He left her where she was, whilst he walked around the house turning all of the lights on! The curtains were open and he wanted to make sure that anyone looking in could see her.

She heard the light switch click and although she was blindfolded could tell that her husband had turned on the light. She heard several more switches and realised her husband had now turned on the other lights in the house. She knew anyone looking in would have a clear view of her naked, blindfolded body. Until a short while ago the sensation of being exposed would have displeased her. Now, the sensation turned her on. She felt her husband take her by the hand and lead her though the house, she walked past the door, were earlier she had posted her panties, signifying the start of this adventure. She knew the layout of the house and worked out that her husband had taken her into the lounge, situated on the front of their property. She could tell the light was on. Were the curtains open? Secretly she hoped they were. 

Her husband positioned her, leaving her stood in the middle of the room. If she had her bearings correct, her back was facing the window, her ass on display for all to see. She stood still waiting for the next direction.

Knowing what was about to happen her husband smiled to himself. How would she react? What would she do?

Then she heard it. The unmistakable sound of a car pulling onto the drive! This was too much. All her instincts told her to remove the blindfold and run upstairs. That was, all of her instincts apart from one. The feeling of excitement in her pussy was electric. She had never been so wet and her pussy still remained untouched. She had no idea who had arrived and she listened closely to try and identify a voice. There was no talking just the sound of footsteps striding out along the gravel drive. Were the curtains open. Did the unknown visitor have an unobstructed view of her naked ass? The thought of it excited her. 

She heard the knock on the door. Then her husband's footsteps. The door opened. She had never been so aroused. The thought of a stranger ogling her naked body was too much. Then she heard the voice. "Pizza delivery, sir." It was the pizza guy. Her husband had ordered pizza!! She wasn't hungry. "That will be £12.50 please." said the pizza man. 

Her husband's reply startled her. "No problem," he said, "please come in while I go upstairs to get some money." She gasped. The door to the lounge was just off the entrance hall. Without a doubt the pizza guy would see her! What should she do. She stood still, her knees were trembling but her nipples were hard and her pussy was wet.

The pizza guy stepped into the hall and her husband headed off upstairs. The pizza guy looked around admiring his customer's stylish home. He wasn't quite far enough into the hall to get a good look into the lounge, so he took a step forward and peered in. His jaw nearly hit the floor! He couldn't believe what he was seeing. Stood in the middle of the room was an extremely attractive woman. Naked. He admired her body. Her tummy was flat and toned. Her breasts were not large, but were beautifully pert. Her pussy was not absent of hair but what was there had been cropped close and trimmed into a neat triangle. He stared at her pussy and noticed how it glistened. She was wet. Very wet!

Her husband carefully peered round the top of the stairs. He didn't want to let the pizza guy know he was watching him. He smiled when he saw the pizza guy had taken a step forward and was now having a good look at his wife's naked body. He was surprised his wife hadn't made a run for it, when she heard the knock on the door. She was brave. Very brave and he would give her credit for that. Her husband saw that the pizza guy's eyes were fixed and from the look of the bulge in his trousers, he liked what he saw. He stood at the top of the stairs and observed the pizza guy watching his wife for a little while longer, before coughing to alert the pizza guy of his presence. 

The pizza guy heard the cough and looked up the stairs startled. He saw his customer coming down the stairs with his wallet and tried to move back slowly to a position where he would not have been able to see the naked customer. 

Her husband smiled at the pizza guy. It was a knowing smiled and the pizza guy accepted that he had been rumbled. Her husband handed the pizza guy the money. "Thanks." Said the pizza guy. "For everything. I'll make sure I deliver all your orders from now on!" Her husband smiled at him and her turned around and walked out of the door. As he walked back to his car the pizza guy couldn't resist a last look through the window at her naked ass.

How would she take that. He hoped he had not pushed her too far. Still she could have run. She was not physically restrained. She chose not to. Why? Was this for him or for her? He would find out.

She heard the pizza guy leave. Her heart was beating faster than it had ever done so before. She couldn't be sure how exposed she had been. She didn't know if he had seen her naked. If he had then he couldn't have missed noticing just how wet she had become. It excited her. The thought of a strange man looking at her. Her adrenaline pumped and her need to climax increased ten fold.

She heard her husband enter the room. This time he stood in front of her. He kissed her on the lips. Her body felt as though it was in lust overdrive and just a simple kiss almost brought her to climax. The presence of the pizza guy had drawn her attention away from the fact that she may be stood naked in front of the window for the whole world to see. This though re-entered her mind and she began to tingle again.

She raised her hands to touch her husband, she put her hands on his hips and felt the thick leather belt holding his jeans in place. She ran her hands up his body feeling the soft cotton of the shirt he was wearing. She tried to work out which shirt it was but was not able to do so. One thing was for sure her husband was covered foot to toe in clothes. It wasn't his dignity on the line here. She didn't care any longer she was enjoying the sensation of the unknown.

She felt her husband take hold of her wrists and place her arms back down by her side. He turned her body through 180 degrees. If she was correct about her back facing the window, now she was stood front on. Her husband was behind her. He placed his hands on her shoulders sliding them down her slender arms. When he reached her wrists he moved them behind her and held them together. She felt a soft rope being wrapped around her wrists securing them tightly together behind her back. Now if she would be unable to even cover herself if she wanted to. The feeling of extreme vulnerability was a new sensation, which she did not enjoy. Up until now she had gone along with her husband's request voluntarily. She still felt it was her choice. Being restrained removed her choice. Ironically, now she was restrained she had no choice anyway!

Her wrists with securely bound together. Her husband slid his hands up her arms once more. This time he stopped at her elbows and slowly pushed his hands to the front of her body feeling for her firm breasts. She shuddered as his fingers slid across her hard nipples which had become extra sensitive as a consequence of being erect for such a prolonged period. He cupped her breasts and squeezed them in his hands. She moaned with pleasure. She remembered her husband's rule. She must not cum unless instructed to do so. She was seriously worried that him playing with her breasts may cause her to break that rule. 

He pinched her nipple a little harder and tugged on her breast pulling it away from her body. Would he really do this right in front of the window for all to see? She winced at the pain. But she didn't mind it.

He reached around her with his left arm, tightly holding on the her right breast. He pulled her tight towards him and she could feel his erection pressing against her ass, even through his jeans.

He slid his right hand down over her tummy and it came to rest on her neatly trimmed pussy. She was desperate for him to slid a finger between he soaking pussy lips and caress her erect clitoris. She no longer cared who might be watching. She needed to cum. "Please, I need to cum. Now." With that he slid a finger between her pussy lips and started to stroke up and down the length of her pussy in a slow rhythmical motion.

He knew she was turned on but even he was surprised how wet she was when he slipped his finger between her pussy lips. He stroked up and down slowly. Her clitoris was erect and each time his finger passed over it his wife gave a little shudder. He looked out of the window. He couldn't see anyone outside watching, but it was difficult to see out into the dark as the light in the room was reflecting off the windows. The thought of someone watching him play with his wife's pussy excited him. Even if there was nobody there the prospect of it was enough.

She couldn't believe what was happening to her. She was stood naked, in front of her lounge window whilst her fully clothed husband fingered her soaking wet pussy. Was she being watched? She had no idea. Again she pleaded with her husband to allow her to cum.

He picked up the pace and concentrated of stroking his wife's clitoris. His wife started to breathe faster and he knew it would only be a matter of seconds before she achieved climax. Would she follow his instruction? As yet he had not given her permission to cum.

She was getting so close. She didn't want to break her husband's rule but if he didn't stop soon she would have no choice. She could feel the pleasure building inside her. She wanted to let herself go and have the orgasm of her life. Against all her instincts she said "If you continue I will break your rule". "I will decide when to stop" he said and continued to stroke her pussy faster. She felt her orgasm build. Once more stroke and she would explode. 

Her husband knew how far he could push her. He knew she was on the verge. But he needed to time it right. His wife gasped as she reached the edge of orgasm. And he stopped. Perfect timing. "No" she begged of him. "Please let me cum". "All in good time" was his reply.


