John meets his adoptive family.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 29 (mf, goth, inc, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Seventeen years ago...

"Here's your room, John. Hope you like it." Melissa, his new adoptive mother, smiled at him from the doorway.

He smiled back at the tall, attractive blonde. Having lost his virginity to another blonde-haired woman, Sister Allison, he was definitely appreciating the view. He figured his adoptive mother was in her mid-30's, with wide hips, long legs, and smallish breasts. He looked away before he started to get an erection. "This looks great, thank you." There was a twin bed, a small desk, and a chest of drawers for his clothes.

Melissa walked down the hall and thumped on another door. "Kayla! Come say hello to John!" Then she went back downstairs.

"Hey," he heard from the door a few minutes later as he was putting his clothes into the drawers.

He turned and gasped. Standing there in a tight black sweater, short black skirt and black tights, with her dark hair done up in strange spiky pigtails, was a girl that looked to be a couple years older than him, wearing heavy black eye makeup with piercings through her lips and nose. He just stared at her.

"What? I got something on my face?" She looked self-conscious.

"I've...never seen anyone like you before," he replied.

"Like me? What's that supposed to mean?" Her lips twisted into a sneer.

"You're beautiful."

"Oh." The girl looked surprised, and then came forward, holding out her hand. "Kayla"

He took it. "John."

She gave a little sniffle. "Pleased to meet you, John. Welcome to Hell."

John had been feeling guilty about ruining Sister Allison's career with the church, so Kayla's comment was startling. "What?"

She took her hand back. "Well, not real Hell, obvs, but you'll figure it out. Melissa and Brad aren't as nice as they seem."

Dinner was tasty, breaded chicken with mashed potatoes and veggies. Kayla was still wearing her goth outfit. John had never even heard the term before, he'd been so sheltered at the orphanage.

"Allergies, sweetie?" Melissa asked Kayla when the girl had sniffled for the fourth time since she sat down.

"You know I don't have allergies...God! You never listen, Melissa."

Melissa's husband Brad put down his fork. "Now, that's hardly fair, Kayla. You've been sniffling this entire dinner. Why don't you go blow your nose?"

"Hello?! Nose piercings? I'd just make a mess and gross everyone out, and then dinner will be ruined and it'll be my fault, again! Fuck this shit." Kayla got up and stormed out.

"Kayla!" Brad called after her.

Melissa put her hand on John's. "I'm sorry you had to see that, John. Kayla...well, she's adopted too, and she gets angered pretty easily. We're still working on it."

John nodded sympathetically.

When he went back up to his room, he found a note from Kayla to come see her. He knocked on her door.

"Come in."

"Close it," she directed him as he entered her room. It was similar to his, but with darker walls, and it had posters of strange demonic-looking bands like Morbid Angel and Type O Negative on the walls. Kayla was sitting up on her bed, her arms around her upraised knees, which gave him a gander at the undersides of her tights-clad upper thighs. She patted for him to sit in front of her.

"Sniff...you said I was beautiful?" she asked him, her eyes half-lidded.

He looked at Kayla's shapely legs, then up to her B-cup breasts pushing out her dark top, and finally up to her gorgeous made-up face. "I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever met, Kayla...OOMP!"

Kayla had a predatory look in her eyes as she jumped forward and planted her lips on his, her tongue spearing into his mouth. He fell back, and she situated herself on top of him, her overheated body writhing with arousal. She pulled back. "They don't even let me date. I think they wanted to adopt another girl but one wasn't available or something? Well, we're gonna have some fun, John, and fuck this fucking family in its fucking ass."

John had never heard such a foul mouth, and he loved it. He loved HER, so unlike anyone he'd ever met before, and he pulled her mouth back to his.

Soon he felt her hand on his package and gasped. She unfastened his zipper, slipped his cock out, and started jacking him off. "Oh God..." he moaned.

"You want God, John? Try this." Then she moved her mouth down and took his cock all the way to the root.

Sister Allison had tried to use her mouth on John, but hadn't been able to take much of his 5" length. Kayla had no such issue, and he felt his cock dip into her throat as she went down on him all the way. Then she did it again, and again.

Soon he felt his orgasm approaching. "I'm gonna...gonna..."

"Mmm!" Kayla moaned, not pulling off.

"Urghh!" John grunted as he filled his adoptive sister's mouth with his cum.

As she started to swallow, an unexpected orgasm exploded from within her. "MMM!" she moaned as her body shook, the pleasure cresting as each spurt of John's cum splashed into her mouth and was swallowed down. Finally, she pulled off and collapsed beside him. "What...the fuck...was that?" she gasped.

John just smiled at her and shrugged.

"John?" That was Melissa, from down the hall!

John quickly zipped up and ran to the door. He looked out and could see his adoptive mother's shadow around the corner.

"The bathroom's across the hall!" Kayla hissed at him.

John dashed through the bathroom door and quietly closed it. A minute later there was a knock.

"Yes?" he called out.

"Oh, you're in there," Melissa remarked through the door. "Did you want to come play some Mario Kart?"

"Sure? Just give me a couple minutes, please."

"So polite! We'll be downstairs." He heard her move away.

Sighing, John went to wash his hands and then noticed his face in the mirror. His lips were smeared with black lipstick! He quickly grabbed the soap and scrubbed at the ebon substance until it was gone. That was a close call, he realized! Then he thought for a moment and pulled down his pants. His penis was likewise streaked with black. Well, he thought, he'd be having a shower tonight!

---

Today...

JJ's door opened and then Joanne was pushed into his room. "Just you this time?" he asked the brown-haired young woman as the door closed.

She nodded and went over to the bed to sit with him, as directed. She had been traumatized for the first few days, but now seemed to be opening up a bit.

JJ felt Jean's and Renette's eyes on him through the viewing window, but ignored them. "So where are you from?" he asked Joanne.

"Toronto."

"Oh, not France, but French Canada! Duh!" JJ bopped his forehead with the heel of his palm and winced. That had been dumb, so soon after his head injury!

Jean's voice came over the speaker. "You thought we were from France? Stupid boy."

JJ flipped him the bird and turned back to Joanne. "You're feeling a bit better?"

She gave him a little grin, which made her normally mopey face pretty. "I'm cold turkey off my meds, so I'm surprised I'm doing as well as I am. Your Mom's helping."

"Yeah, Mom's great."

They made some more small talk, but Joanne soon retreated into herself again. After about an hour, she gave a small sniffle and blinked a couple of times.

JJ watched her closely, but she didn't sniffle again. Then the door opened, Joanne was removed, and Luna, the Chinese lady, took her place. As before, JJ made small talk. Luna was likewise from Toronto, and had been grabbed off of the street while walking home one night.

She asked him if he knew why Margeau, the other French captive, had been acting so sex crazed for a few days and then had stopped, but with his captors right there, he could only shrug his shoulders. "Sorry."

When their hour was up, Luna was removed and replaced with JJ's mom. She sat next to him and he could see that she was keeping her mouth slightly open, remembering to not breathe through her nose.

"Ferme la bouche...um, close your mouth," Jean directed her.

She opened her eyes wide but did as directed. She held her breath, but couldn't do so for long. Within 2 minutes, she was breathing through her nose while JJ stared at her in dread.

Then she took another breath, and then another. She felt fine, and didn't feel like jumping her son's bones! Then she had an idea. "Come here," she directed JJ, pulling him into a side hug.

JJ thought for sure that she was about to pull him on top of her for some exhibitionistic incest, but instead she put her arm behind him and he felt her fingernail slide along his back in a vertical line. What was going on, he wondered?

When her nail traced up and down in an arch, and then again, he realized what she was doing. When he was younger, she would trace letters along his back as a game for him to guess what words she was spelling. He and his mother were facing the viewing window, so their captors couldn't see it!

The first had been an "I"...that last was an "M". He felt her trace an "F", followed by "I" again, "N", and then an "E".

IM FINE

He looked at her. They had been able to hold out until she was no longer fertile! He sighed, all the tension going out of him. "Love you, Mom."

---

That night, John woke up as a warm body climbed into bed with him. "What--?"

"Sh! It's me. Sniff!" It was Kayla.

He felt her reach for his cock and as her hand snaked into his underwear he could feel it start to fill with blood. "Oh wow..." he moaned as she stroked his rapidly inflating member.

He wanted to see her, so reached over and flicked on his side table lamp. After his eyes adjusted, he looked at her and blinked. She had no makeup on!

She stopped stroking. "Oh, I must look hideous. You want me to stop?"

He took her face in his hands. "It's different, but you're still beautiful, Kayla." And then he kissed her.

"Mmm..." she moaned into his mouth and pulled his underwear down. Then she lay back and pulled him on top of her.

He noticed that she was wearing a black satin nightgown, and he situated his hips between her thighs, the lump of his hard cock pressing against the section of nightgown covering her swollen pussy.

"Sniff! Hmm...I was gonna go for more cocksucking, but why not?" she said, and with his assistance, she pulled her nightgown up and over her head.

"Wow..." John gasped at the first pair of naked breasts he had ever seen. They were like half of a softball each, with dark pointy nipples. He moved forward and took one into his mouth.

"Ahh..." Kayla gasped, and thrust her hips up at him as he began thrusting his cock at her. She wasn't wearing panties, so eventually everything lined up and his hard cock speared into her very wet pussy. "Mmh!" she cried out softly.

He moved his mouth to her other breast. Boobs were so amazing, he marveled, as he continued to thrust into her. Soon his entire 5" length was slipping in and out of her humid depths.

Kayla's head was swimming. She had come into John's room to blow him again, but he was making her feel so good that she felt that he deserved all of her. She just had to make sure that he pulled out, or...or what? It felt so good, with his hard cock spearing into her, that she was having trouble concentrating.

"Huff...huff..." he gasped, thrusting harder. Kayla was so incredibly sexy, he knew that he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. With Sister Allison's insistence that he not spill his seed, he was definitely going to make sure that he shot it as deep as possible into the sexy goth's overheated body so that it wouldn't spill out.

Kayla didn't realize when she had wrapped her legs around John. Her clit was so swollen, and she ground it into his pelvis. She could feel her own orgasm approaching...

"Unhh!" John moaned, and bit Kayla's nipple a little in his excitement as he started to cum.

"Oh!" she exclaimed, that unexpected bit of pain pushing her over the edge into her own orgasm. "Ahh!" Pleasure blossomed from her clit, making her pussy undulate around his cock, practically sucking his seed from his shaft, where it shot deep inside her. As her vagina and cervix absorbed the hormones from his sperm, her orgasm lifted off explosively. "O-hhh!" Her spine arched as her fertile reproductive system pulled some of John's sperm into the deepest, most forbidden part of her. "Huhh! Huhhh..." she moaned, her mouth open and her tongue lolling.

"Unhh! Ohhh!" John cried out as the last of his dangerous cum splashed into Kayla's unprotected depths, where it soaked into the opening of her uterus. Then she lost consciousness, his cock still inside her.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)