Elunara watched Varian return to pacing.
"We should be the ones to go into that damnable place." Varian said at last.
She rubbed her growing belly. "I can't. Not in my condition. You could... potentially. But we need you here. The adventurers saved Baine. They're going after Jaina. Once she's freed..."
"I am free." Everyone looked at the door as Jaina walked in. "My king." She bowed her head briefly. "I couldn't save Anduin. I..."
Varian went to her and shook his head. "Tell me everything."
As Jaina spoke, another figure walked into the Keep. Elunara raised an eyebrow at Alexstrasza. "What brings another dragon my way?"
"Wrathion says you're pregnant with his children."
Jaina hesitated and looked between the pair.
Elunara gestured for Jaina to continue. "That's right."
"How?"
Elunara jerked her head towards a door. "Come into the office and we'll discuss it. I don't wish to interrupt Jaina."
In the office, Alexstrasza eyed Elunara. "Tell me how this happened."
Elunara sat down and began to explain.
"And you do this for anybody?"
"Pfft. No. I only agreed to help Wrathion because he saved my children. It is to his luck that he grew on me."
"Could you... could you do it for me?"
Elunara blinked repeatedly. "Bear your children? I don't even know how to begin to make that work."
Alexstrasza shook her head. "No, make it so that I may bear children again."
Elunara groaned in frustration. "I do not want random people coming to me and asking for this. There's going to be a line a mile long waiting for me to perform miracles. I hate this so--" She put a hand to her belly. "Alright, alright. I feel you in there."
"Feel?"
"Right. Dragons lay eggs. Come here."
"What?"
Elunara gestured. "Come here, come feel."
Alexstrasza walked over and, at Elunara's instruction, placed a hand on Elunara's belly. Using her energy, Elunara traced those little heartbeats and connected them to Alexstrasza's hand.
"Oh! Oh, how wonderful. And you get to feel this all the time?"
"Whenever I check my body, I can feel their heartbeats. But what I felt just now was being swiftly kicked. They're growing rapidly. I don't remember feeling a kick this early with Emaline. Might also be because they don't have as much space. I've never had twins before either."
"Dragons have clutches from six to twelve eggs." Alexstrasza murmured to herself. "I envy you. I never got to feel my children like this."
"Don't envy me when I'm 8 months along and can't move. I'll be begging to just lay eggs and be done with it." Elunara grinned.
"Please. Please give us a chance again. Please give ME a chance again. I'm begging you."
Closing her eyes, Elunara sighed. "Fine."
Alexstrasza grabbed her hand. "Thank you!"
Elunara shrugged. "Apparently I'm a sucker for doe eyes."
Alexstrasza laughed. "Now, how does this work?"
"It's simple really. I put my hands on you like this." Elunara demonstrated. "And I filled your body with my energy, like so. Aaaand you are healed like a blood elf. You have my energy and your hormones, and tada, you can get yourself a dick and fill your ovaries to your heart's content."
"It's really so simple?" She whispered.
"I grew a dick the other day. This shit's getting weirder as it gets easier."
"You're so crass..."
"Pfft. I'm worse than you can imagine."
"What about my children?"
"What about them?"
"My already living children. They will want..."
Elunara buried her face in her hands. Scrubbing her hands over her face, she sighed. "Listen. I don't really want to. But I guess that an arrangement can be made. If you send me your children, or other dragons, do it a little at a time. A person here, a person there. I can work with that. But if my office is suddenly flooded with an entire brood, I will hunt you down."
"Your kindness knows no bounds."
"It's bound to kill me at this rate."

Elunara led the way out of the office. Coming to a full stop, she stared at Jaina by herself. "Where is Varian?"
"He's going after Anduin."
"Oh no, he's not." Elunara took off running. She caught up with him near the statue. "Varian! Wait!"
"They're torturing my son, Elunara! I will not wait!"
"You can't go at this alone."
He continued walking. "Watch me."
"At least take some of Grogek's troops. They're well-honed and ready for anything."
"I don't need them; I need my son!"
"If you won't listen to reason..." Putting her hand on the back of his head she used her energy. He dropped to the ground. "I hate having to do this..." Elunara lifted him up and stumbled. Normally his weight was nothing but being nearly six months pregnant had shifted her balance. A pair of guards rushed forward and took Varian. Jaina watched them carry Varian to the throne and set him down.
"He's going to be pissed at me when he wakes." Elunara sighed.
"You did the right thing." Jaina put a hand on Elunara's shoulder. "We need to plan."
Footsteps in the hallway had Elunara's ears pricking. "What now?" Even she could be shocked when Shandris made her appearance.
"I've come to speak with Elunara."
"Given the fact we've never actually spoken before this moment, what brings you my way?"
"I-I found mother."
"What? Where is she?" Elunara grabbed Shandris's arms.
Shandris explained about finding Tyrande in the Maw and chasing her into Torghast. "I've lost sight of her. But I found some spirits in Ardenweald who believe they can help mother if we find the other night warriors."
"This is great! We can save her! But I need you to tell me more about Torghast, Varian wants to storm the place, but I can't let him go without--" Elunara winced and rubbed her belly. "Stop kicking me, damn it."
"Kicking?" It was then that Shandris noticed Elunara's belly. "You're pregnant."
"Thank you for noticing."
"You can't possibly help me in your condition."
Elunara shook her head. "No, but I have people at my disposal. I want Grogek to send his best, and I have people from the SI:7, and of course, adventurers."
Varian groaned. "Elunara..."
She was at his side in an instant. "Forgive me, my love. I did what I felt was best."
Shaking the grogginess out of his head, he glared at her. "How dare you."
"It's a good thing I did it. You need to hear this." Elunara gestured to Shandris.
Shandris explained her situation over again.
"You see, my love." Elunara shook her head. "Even my mother, empowered as she is, cannot handle Torghast alone. We need to send everyone we have."
"Fine. Send in the calvary. But I am going to get my son back."
Elunara made her way down to the yard. Grogek met her at the side and scooped her up, covering her face in kisses while she giggled. "Someone missed me."
"I always do."
Elunara began explaining her predicament. "I don't want to let him go, but if he doesn't do this himself..."
Grogek brushed her hair back. "I see. I'll send my best. It's time for them to do what they do best, to prove that I've trained them well. You have them all at your disposal."
"Thank you, Sugarbear."
"Besides, it's time for me to cycle out. I've been eyeing some new blood in the yard." He nodded towards the troops training.
"I leave it up to you to work it out."
Grogek eyed his wife. "New earrings?"
Elunara smiled. "From Wrathion. I'll explain what happened with that later."
Emaline was left to the care of Greymane as Elunara and Varian stood by the portal to Oribos. The child had been inconsolable at the thought of her father leaving, so Greymane took over. As the troops went through the gate, Varian and Elunara embraced.
"Be careful, Sugarlove." Elunara pulled back first. "I know you're strong, I know you're powerful, but don't take risks. React with a cool head."
"I will. I dare not do anything that would risk my son."
"Good."
Varian reached out for the portal. He swiped his hand through that image of Oribos and frowned. Trying again, he grabbed at nothing. "Why isn't this working?"
"I have no idea." Elunara reached out, but the same happened to her. They turned to the mages.
One of the mages shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine."
"Let me try." Jaina walked forward and touched the portal. She disappeared into it.
Varian and Elunara tried to access the portal again, but to no avail. "LET ME THROUGH!" Varian roared.
"We're trying!" The mage frowned. "It let everyone else through, but for some reason you appear blocked."
"You're supposed to be dead." Elunara whispered.
"What?"
"Elune told me many years ago, you were supposed to be dead." Elunara shook her head. "When I lived, it changed the course of history for you. In the regular timeline, you died on Broken Shore. Here, you live to be my husband."
"But, why can you not pass?"
"Because I'm supposed to be dead, too."
"So, I can't go save my son?"
Elunara touched the air where the portal should grab her. "We cannot go to the land of the dead, because we are alive out of time." She looked at him. "Hold my body, I want to try something."
Varian wrapped her arms around Elunara, and she closed her eyes. Forcing herself into that space where Elune resided, she looked around.
"You always were brilliant, little one."
"So, it's true."
"Yes. This is the tragedy that is bringing your worlds together. I didn't see it before, but I see it now. Your timelines have finally collided. Anduin was supposed to be king and then he gets abducted right under Greymane's nose. You can only come to this space because you are special. You can direct a soul into the nether, but the arbiter is no longer available to direct a spirit you have sent. From here... well, I don't know what is about to happen."
"What of Anduin?"
Elune looked away.
"What of my mother?"
Elune shrugged. "I've given her all I can."
"You turned my mother into the night warrior! Can't you save her?!"
"Once my power enters a mortal body, it eats away at them. It is only because she is so powerful that she can control and maintain it as long as she has. I cannot give her anymore."
Elunara yanked at her hair. "Must you be so useless?"
"Come back to me in a few hundred thousand years, then you can complain."
"ELUNE!"
Elune shook her head. "Little sister, I hate that this tears at you, but you'll see eventually, I have done all I reasonably can."
"What about Anduin? How do we save him?"
"You don't. Well, you and Varian cannot at this time. I... The Jailer is too powerful, and with you being unable to get to Oribos, let alone the Maw... well, you can only sit and watch the horror."
"Horror?"
"Your husband is going to need you little one. To help him through the dark times ahead. Just as you are going to need his help. All of your family's help to get you through what may be happening to Tyrande right now."
"Help me save them!"
"I cannot. For different reasons, I just cannot."
Elunara blinked repeatedly as she came back to her body. "Damn her. Damn Elune and her lack of helping."
"What happened?"
Elunara explained the exchange.
"Horror?" Varian grabbed her arms and shook her. "WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MY SON?"
"I don't know! She wouldn't tell me!"
Releasing her, Varian began to pace. "So, you're telling me, that the great goddess of the Night Elves, knows where my son is, and what's happening to him, and yet refuses to HELP US?"
"Yes."
He raked his fingers through his hair. "This is rid--"
Jaina appeared again. "Varian! This is awful! I came back as soon as I could."
"What? What's going on?"
Jaina began explaining Anduin's attack on the Archon.
"No..." Varian whispered in horror. "This cannot... he cannot... It's not him!"
"I... I have to get back, Sylvanas is after Ardenweald. I have to help them."
Elunara gestured at the portal. "GO! Save the Winter Queen!"
Jaina nodded and went back through the portal.
Varian dropped to his knees. "My son..."
"This is worse than I imagined..." Elunara whispered.
"This cannot be." He grabbed for the portal. "Let me go! I need to... I need to get to my son!"
"We can't." Elunara whispered. "We just can't."
"If I have to die to see my son, I'll do it!" Varian pulled his sword.
She yanked the sword from his hand. "YOU WILL NOT!"
"WHAT ELSE AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?" Holding up her hand, she reached for his head. He grabbed her wrist and twisted it backwards. "Don't you DARE put me out again!"
She winced. "I was not. I swear I was not." When he released her wrist, she pulled him into her embrace. "We just have to rely on those who are already there for us."
Elunara led Varian back to the Keep. Emaline ran forward but pulled up short. "Daddy didn't go?"
"No, baby. Daddy didn't go." Elunara stooped down. "Things have gotten bad, and I need to get daddy to his room."
Emaline nodded. "Let's get daddy to bed."
"That's my good girl."
Emaline went to the other side of her daddy and wrapped her arms around him. Together, Emaline and Elunara led Varian into the bedroom. Varian sat down on the bed in a daze. Elunara began removing his armor. "Little sweet, I'll tuck you into bed in a little bit. I need to see to your daddy."
"It's okay, mommy. Daddy needs you more."
Elunara brushed her hand down Emaline's dark hair. "That's my good girl." She undressed before getting Varian in bed, she climbed in with him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Varian buried his face in Elunara's chest.
"I'll be here if you need me, daddy." Sniffling, Emaline turned around, and straightening herself up, left the room.

In the middle of the night, Varian's hand ran down Elunara's belly, his fingers crushing into that soft hair, before sliding his fingers into her waiting wetness. Elunara groaned under his efforts. "Varian." Her voice was a hoarse whisper. He shifted his body so that he was over her and between her legs. In one swift movement, he buried himself into those waiting folds. Her eyes popped open, and she gasped. Grabbing on to the headboard he began to slam his hips against her, his balls smacking her ass. Over and over, he slammed into that tight wetness, while she clung to him, her legs wrapped up around his waist, her hands on his chest. One of his hands came down and he grabbed her breast, the fingers biting into skin. His mouth went for that sensitive spot in her neck. Biting, sucking, licking, and assaulting. She called his name, as she arched her back. The hand on her breast went further down and found her leg. His moves were not his own as he filled her completely with a shudder.
He collapsed to the side, to not put pressure on her belly.
"Varian..." Elunara ran her tongue along her teeth to make sure they were all still in place.
He shook head and curled up against her. Closing his eyes, he went back out.

In the morning, a small knock on the door had them awake in an instant. "Enter!" Varian sat up in bed.
Emaline pushed open the door. She stood there with her hands behind her back. "Is daddy feeling any better?"
Elunara looked at him and he scrubbed his hands over his face. "As well as I could, given the circumstances."
"I... I'm sorry."
Varian sighed. "Sorry for what, sweetheart?"
Tears erupted from her eyes. "It's all my fault."
Shaking his head, he stared at his daughter in confusion. "What did you do?"
"I let those bad angels take big brother Anduin!"
"Aw, baby..." Elunara started to climb out of bed, but Varian grabbed her arm.
"Did you tell them where to find him?" Varian asked.
"No." Emaline sniffled.
"Did you command them to take him?"
"No."
"Then how is it your fault?"
"He took me to the park!"
Varian shook his head. "The way I remember it, you begged to go with him, somewhere he was already going."
Emaline began to wail. "I didn't fight back!"
"How could you fight back? Explain this to me."
She shook her head. "I don't know. But I didn't even try!"
"Sweetheart, if you had fought back, they would have taken you too. If you hadn't been there, we wouldn't even know what had happened. It might have been hours before we'd even realized he was gone. You did the best you could."
"I'm so sorry, daddy."
Varian sighed and raked his fingers through his hair. "Don't take blame not offered, little one. Come here, daddy needs a hug."
Emaline launched herself into the bed, wrapping her arms around his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tight. Elunara reached over and stroked her hair. "Little sweet, we'll get your brother back, somehow."
Varian looked at Elunara, his face grim. "Somehow."