Breakfast had consisted of omelets with mushrooms, of toast and yam, of soft caresses, long looks and tender touches. A lot less awkwardness than they had expected, but they just seemed to fall back into old patterns with so much ease that there were very little hesitations at all, if sometimes words that were chosen more carefully than they would have been years ago.

Now they were sitting on the comfortable couch, resting together with their legs entangled on the coffee table and Viggo's head resting against Orlando's chest, with Orlando's fingers carding through the short hair and Viggo's hand resting on his thigh, drawing soft circles there. Passion seemed to have moved into the background for now, leaving time for tenderness and becoming acquainted with one another again. Viggo's other hand held a mug of coffee which they were sharing.

Orlando studied the top of Viggo's head curiously, then asked the question that had been banging around in his head for the last minute or two.

"So, how did you know where to find me?"

Viggo sighed softly and snuggled into Orlando more comfortably. He hoped Orlando would take this well and not become angry with Kate over having broken his confidence: "Kate."

"Kate?" Orlando asked, his fingers continuing to move through Viggo's hair.

"Kate told me where you are. She called me and told me you had vanished and asked me if I knew where you had gone." He sighed, set the mug down and moved his hand from Orlando's thigh up to his own shoulder, so he could take one of Orlando's hands into his own. He started running his fingers along the long, tapered fingers of the younger man, then went on. "I didn't know, of course." A hint of pain had entered his voice and Orlando squeezed the fingers wrapped around his to show Viggo that he understood the pain that had come with the distance between them. Viggo squeezed back and went on. "But I agreed to ask around, see if the hobbits knew, and agreed to meet her to see if I could help her. She said she didn't know where you had gone and was afraid that Robin might try something stupid, like get the police involved."

Orlando was confused. "But why would Kate ...? I told here where I had gone."

Viggo smiled. "To get me to meet her. To get me to talk to her. She's a clever one, that girl. She drew how I was feeling about you out of me. Then she told me where you had gone and told me to go and get you."

Orlando smiled and decided that he owed Kate - a lot. He didn't know what, but a lot. Something along the lines of his eternal gratitude, if this worked out.

"She's definitely clever. Without her, I think I would have gone insane over the last year or so. She just lets me ramble and rage and moan about you and Robin and everything. She's a good friend. But –“ he moved the hand not entangled with Viggo's to hug him around the chest, tightly if a little awkwardly. "She's only a friend, Viggo. Nothing else. There's ..." his voice grew small "...there's not been anyone since New Zealand, not really, not emotionally. Since you."

Viggo sighed at the loneliness he thought he heard in Orlando's eyes. He squeezed his hand again. "Same here, love. Same here." He sighed and turned around to look into Orlando's eyes, met the calm gaze and smiled ruefully. "We've been fools, haven't we." He looked down and started to trace patterns on Orlando's chest with his index finger. "Too afraid to say something, too scared of the obstacles we would have to surmount, too scared of holding you back, of clipping your wings, of making you regret staying with me, of growing old and feeble on you..."

Orlando's breath hitched at the pain in Viggo's voice. He let go of both of the Dane's hands and gathered him in his arms. "Oh love. I can’t say where we would be now if we had not separated after shooting Rings, but this I can say now, and tell you that it is the truth and will not change being true. Not today, not tomorrow, not next week, next year, or in the next century, should we grow ancient and see it, okay?" He felt Viggo nod against his chest and squeezed him tightly before loosening his embrace to lift Viggo's chin with his fingers. "Please look at me for this, love, ok?" Viggo looked up, meeting Orlando's determined gaze, and nodded.

"I've had my time to soar, now. I know how empty fame and success are. I don't know if I needed this time to soar and who I would have become if I had not had the last five years happen the way they did, but I have been there and done it, now. Back in New Zealand I was young, and scared, and feared confessing my love for you, lest you reject it."

When Viggo seemed about to say something Orlando gently put his hand against the older mans lips. He shivered at the soft kiss that was placed against his fingers, but understood that Viggo would let him say what he had to, that Viggo understood that he needed to finish this: "So I did not say anything, thinking it safer to let us trickle out bit by bit, slowly moving my heart away from you." He shrugged, interjecting ruefully; "Not that it worked."

Then Orlando went on, serious again: "I would love to be able to say that I would not have regretted staying with you, ever, but I do not know where we would be had that been our path. So I understand and respect and appreciate what you did for me, that you gave me the space you did, that you let me fly off and make my own mistakes, and discover for myself just how lonely life can be. I hate the pain it brought us both, but I know it might have been necessary to get me here.”

He paused and leaned in to kiss Viggo on the lips quickly, then smiled and leaned back to continue: “But, well, I am here now. I have had my time to soar, which you gave me. I don't like that you chose for me, that you did not offer me to stay with you, but then I did not tell you about my feelings either, did not give you the choice to stay with me. Pushed you away by silence and inaction, knowing that inaction would lead us away from each other. So we both are guilty of making those choices, of maybe being too noble for out own good, yeah?"

He smiled a smile that was almost a grimace, and was answered by the same expression on Viggo's face, and a slight nod.

"But, yes, anyway - I've been there, I've done that. And I don't want to do it again. I am tired of flying alone. I've had enough fame to last me a lifetime. I have enough money to never need to work again. And I have one wish left, one thing that I want, that I need to do with my future. Will you grant me the freedom and the wish to do that, Viggo?"

Viggo looked at him, studied him, Orlando looking so determined and so wise. And he knew he would grant Orlando whatever it was that he was asking of him. He nodded, waiting for what Orlando would say, even if it meant letting Orlando walk out of his life again. What Orlando wanted, Viggo would give him.

Orlando smiled. "Will you share my life with me, Viggo?"

Viggo smiled, and then grinned at him. "Of all the questions, Orlando! ... Yes. Fucking hell, yes! That is, if you are willing to share mine?"

Orlando grinned back at him, feeling almost giddy. This was not where he had planned to go when he started taking - this was a whole lot better than what he had planned, though. These words seemed to have come straight from his heart. "Absolutely. No chance of getting rid of me again, now. Once was already one time too many. I am not letting you go again."

They were embracing again. They seemed to have a tendency for doing that, Orlando noted. Not that he minded. Hell, not that he minded? He loved it. And if they had five years of missed embraces to make up, he knew they would be hugging for a long time. Finally. Forever. And doing other things, too, maybe? He felt desire curl in his stomach at the thought. Hell, yeah.

At that thought, he leaned back to look into Viggo's eyes: "How long can you stay?"

Viggo grinned and gave his lips a quick peck: "Same as you. Almost three weeks."

"Three weeks?" Orlando asked, confused. "But I only have a week before ... ."

Viggo shook his head. "You have three. Kate is sorting it all out."

"Bless her," Orlando grinned. "What about Robin and that police story, though?"

"I don't know how serious that it, but maybe you should call Kate and talk to her about it, just in case," Viggo frowned. Robin making Orlando's life hell was all they needed now, pushy hyena that she was.

Orlando nodded, then moved in to kiss Viggo. "I think I shall. Call Kate, that is. Later. To figure out what she should tell Robin. To strangle her. And to thank her for giving me back my love, my life. My everything. My Viggo."

He kissed Viggo again, more deeply, and from the way Viggo shifted against him he knew that the desire that had been dormant this long was awakening again in them both. He shifted in turn, pushing Viggo back and moving his legs until they were both lying stretched out on the couch, him leaning over Viggo. He smiled down into blue, oh so blue eyes, and saw an answering smile in the beloved eyes gazing up at him. A smile, and desire, definitely desire.

His hands once more moving to loosen Viggo's t-shirt from his trousers, he added one more sentence before delving down to kiss the lips he ached to feel all over his body. "Oh, I shall call her ... later – much later."

"Good. I have a feeling you'll be busy for some time," Viggo answered with a smile and a hungry look, drawing Orlando's face down with his hands.

So what could Orlando do but shut him up, smug bastard that he was? Sexy, hot, desirable, smug bastard. Beloved smug bastard. But smug. Yep, that definitely needed changing.

So Orlando ran his hand lightly over the bulge in Viggo's tight jeans and smiled as the smug look turned into a moan. Much better.

Then their lips touched and he was far too busy being kissed breathless to worry about anyone being smug whatsoever.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Viggo ran his hands up along Orland's backside, bunching up the loose material as he went, until he ended up with two hands full of shirt at Orlando's shoulder blades. He left it there, moving his hands down again to now run along Orlando's deliciously bare back. He loved the feel of that expanse of skin under his hands, familiar and yet unknown, for Orlando's body had definitely changed in the years since they had last touched in this way, become more filled out, firmer, more muscled.

Orlando moaned into the kiss as Viggo ran his hands along his back, and Viggo gently rand his fingers along the scar along his spine, both from knowing that the skin was extra sensitive there and because it reminded him of so much. Of hours he had spent just resting with Orlando when his back was giving him bad trouble, when moving became painful. Of hours they had spent together making love, when his hands had mapped that same scar over and over again. Orlando seemed to remember the same things, for Viggo definitely felt him smile against his mouth.

Then all thought was lost again as Orlando moved his hands under Viggo’s t-shirt, running them along the soft skin of his abdomen that shivered at his touch. He tugged at Viggo's t-shirt impatiently and Viggo took the hint, breaking the kiss and shifting. They both sat up and quickly divested themselves of their shirts - disrobing each other slowly and carefully would have to wait for some other time when there was less urgency between them.

Their chests naked they moved together again, Orlando moving until he was straddling Viggo's thighs, Viggo moving so his feet came to rest on the floor and he could lean back on the couch, lean against the back of it with Orlando straddling him. His jeans were becoming uncomfortably tight and since he was not wearing anything under them, having changed into them in the car before heading to the beach, the zipper pressed against his penis most uncomfortably.

Orlando had noticed the bulge in Viggo's jeans - not that he was much behind, but thankfully his slacks left him more room - and with a mischievous look in his eyes lightly ran his fingers over the cloth covered bulge. Viggo groaned at the light touch.

"What are you trying to do? Make me come in my pants?" He would, too, if Orlando did not stop, he was that excited.

Orlando took in the glazed look in the older man's eyes and knew that he probably could actually make Viggo do just that. He briefly considered it, but decided against it.

"No way. There are other places where I would much rather have you come."

"Oh, are there?" Viggo panted, letting his hands trace patterns over Orlando's chest and tweaking his left nipple with his hand.

Orlando groaned and threw his head back at the sensation, a movement which made Viggo lean in and lick a line along his throat. Orlando groaned even more deeply, the replied - somewhat breathlessly, Viggo noted smugly - "Oh yeah. With less clothing between us, for one!"

Viggo leaned in to lick Orlando's nipple, keeping his lips close to the brown aureole so his breath was wafting over it with his replied "Is that so?" His hands had been moving down as he spoke and were now busy opening the fly on Orlando's slacks. Orlando was lost in the sensation and almost came when he felt Viggo's hand touch his shaft, caress it lightly through the gap in the material. "Well, then we shall see what I can do about that."

Orlando turned his face back down, his eyes wide and dark with lust and need. "How about," his hands moved decisively to the fly of Viggo's jeans "clothes, off. Now!" with that he drew the zipper down and it was Viggo's turn to moan as he felt the younger man's hand on his shaft.

"Excellent idea!"

Orlando moved off Viggo and they both quickly stood up and just as quickly divested themselves of their clothing. Then they stood there, taking in the sight of each other, naked and aroused, facing each other, close enough to almost be touching.

A moment of stillness caught them, which eyes used to hungrily map familiar yet foreign terrain, where hands and mouths remembered places they had explored in great detail many times before, where brains and hearts remembered just what places elicited moans, which ones led to groans, and which ones were terribly ticklish.

Then the moment was lost as they moved together with a sound that was somewhere between a groan and a sight, skin touching skin, standing there naked and embracing in front of the couch. Viggo turned and sank down on it, taking Orlando with him to lie atop of him.

Arousal burned between them at the feeling of skin moving against skin, of bare chest sliding against bare chest, of long legs entangling and finally, finally the long and familiar and incredibly hot slide of penis against penis. They both panted, eyes meeting and confirming that they were both incredibly close, that they had gone too long without each other to last much longer, that passion had them firmly in its grip.

Then their mouths clashed in an urgent and open-mouthed kiss, their tongues met in the air between them, and their bodies began the familiar and urgent rhythm that would lead them both to completion.

Hands tangled in hair, ran along shoulders and arms, along chests and flanks, sneaking between bodies to tweak and caress painfully aroused nipples, grabbed and clawed at backs, sure to leave bruises, until finally their almost continual moans and groans and indistinct and hurried mutterings between urgent kisses of "Oh baby," "Close, so close," "Do that again," "Love you so much" reached their peak.

Viggo came first, with a long and drawn out groan of "Oh god, oh Orlando," followed only seconds later by Orlando's own climax. He had not been able to hold back when he felt Viggo shudder against him and come all over their stomachs. "Oh Viggo, Oh god, yes." he groaned, shaking with the intensity of his climax and sinking down to bonelessly lie across Viggo, his head resting on the older man's chest.

Viggo moved his arms until Orlando's head and back were cradled closely in his arms, chest resting against chest, Orlando’s weight on top of him beloved and familiar, and then they lay like that, limp in the aftermath of both the physical and the emotional release that had come with their frantic coupling.

Minutes passed or maybe hours or days, Viggo didn't know and didn't really care, he would have been content lying there forever with Orlando cradled against him, except for the fact that their stomachs were covered in cooling puddles of sticky come and threatened to be stuck together, and Orlando was probably getting cold. And cold was hell on Orlando's back.

So he turned his head slightly, shifted his gaze from where he had been staring at the wooden planks of the ceiling without taking them in at all to look down at Orlando. "Love, are you awake? Are you okay?"

"Hmm ... awake, yes." Orlando paused, and Viggo both felt and heard him smile, if he did not exactly see it, what with Orlando's cheek lying pressed against his chest. "And I am - fantastic. Better than I have been in years."

Orlando gently kissed Viggo's chest, and felt the arms around him squeeze him in response. He heard the older man's chest rumble as Viggo replied. "So am I. Gods yeah, so am I." Then Viggo ran his hands up and down Orlando's back one more time and added "But what do you say to taking this to bed? You must be getting cold."

Viggo felt Orlando nod agreement, his stubble scratching across his chest. Then the Brit shifted, mischievously licked the nipple so conveniently close to his mouth - something he was pleased to note that elicited a deep groan and an interested twitch from lower down - and got up.

"Definitely. Plus you could use some cleaning up, Vig. You're, ah, slightly on the sticky side."

Viggo reached down to pick up his shirt and used it to dry the come from his stomach, before he got up and arched an eyebrow at his lover. "And whose fault is that?"

Orlando moved in and kissed him, before taking his hand and leading him to the bedroom. "Fault? I don't know about that. But it definitely was my pleasure. And I promise you that the next time you come, it won't leave a mess on your stomach."

Viggo groaned and followed his lover to the bedroom and the bed, pushed him down on it and started another session of fumbling hands and urgent kisses that were eagerly returned.

Oh yeah, he could definitely live with that.

THE END