Miranda At Work
by Pablocruz713

Author's Note: This series is the continuation of my first series 'Miranda and the Boys'. This story begins where 'Pt. 05' left off but in a new setting with new characters. If you want to read about Miranda's previous exploits and her background read that series, but it is not necessary to do so to enjoy this story and series.

Miranda at Work Pt. 01

Miranda teases the men at her new job.

Miranda went to work Tuesday morning still reeling from the party at Justin's neighbor's house. Her mind was a jumble of thoughts from the things she did and had done to her. She was also pondering her epiphany that she truly was a slut and loved getting fucked no matter how much she was humiliated in the process. In fact she was starting to believe that the humiliation was more of a turn on than the actual sex.

In addition to her mental state keeping her from staying focused her body was also in pain from the rough sex of the night before. Her ass was very sore from being ass fucked so much last night. Plus her jaw was sore from sucking so many cocks and there were bite marks on her tits too. Her ass was so sore that sitting was uncomfortable.

Miranda had just started this job a couple of weeks before meeting the boys, Kyle, Dan, Justin and Ricky, who helped her explore her exhibitionist desires. That exploration led her to the discovery of her inner whore self.

The job was as a receptionist and administrative clerk for a small manufacturing shop. All the other employees at the company were men. Being the only woman at the company didn't go unnoticed by anyone. Most of the men talked to her when they came into the office from the shop floor. Some of them also overtly flirted with her and she would occasionally flirt back. Since this was her first real adult job she tried to be very coy with them and dress conservatively. But now with her epiphany of being a slut she decided to try to push the boundaries a little.

Today she wore beige blouse and underneath she wore lacy pink bra. Going against her usual pattern of dressing conservative she buttoned the two top buttons so anybody looking down at her could see parts of her pink bra. Since she was seated at a desk all the men who walked by would be able to see her bra. To add to that she would lean forward when someone came in to allow them a better view of her bra. Needless to say, they did many double takes of her. Some even stopped to talk to her but they never looked at her face they only stared down her top. All morning the traffic of men in and out of the office was heavy with some just coming in to get water at the water cooler even though there was one located in the shop.

All the men gawking at her made Miranda very horny and she could feel her panties getting wet. With the number of men flirting with her Miranda figured at least one of them would ask her out, but almost all the men were either married or in relationships. By flashing a little she was hoping to entice one of them to cheat.

Most of the employees worked in the shop but the bosses, engineers and finance people all worked in the office with Miranda. The men in the office were a little bit more covert in looking at her but she knew they were looking nonetheless. At first she thought she might get in trouble for exposing her bra, but once she caught the owner and general manager peeking she figured they liked it too.

After lunch the manager scheduled a one on one with Miranda. They met in the conference room and when she went to the room there was three men there. In addition to the GM there was also the owner and the head engineer. They had her sit in a chair while they all three sat facing her. She was wearing midi black skirt that wasn't too short but when she sat down she scooted forward sliding the hem a couple of inches up her thigh. She hoped her pink satin panties would be visible and after seeing their reaction she believed they were.

"How are you liking the job so far, Miranda," asked the GM named Mike.

"Oh, I love it here everybody is so nice," answered Miranda.

They continued to talk for several minutes with them telling her they thought she was doing a good job. She told them how relieved she was and how she really wanted to keep working there. Toward the end of the meeting she mentioned how she dressed more casual today and asked their opinion about her attire. As she asked this she continued to ever so slightly scoot forward in her chair exposing more and more of thigh and panties.

"We don't mind if you want to dress more casual or if you want to wear clothes more suitable for this hot weather," responded Mike.

"If you aren't sure if an outfit is suitable for work can text me or Mike a pic of it in the morning or the night before and we'll let you know," added Henry the head engineer.

"Thank you so much that would make me a lot more comfortable," said Miranda. Then she added, "Since I don't have a lot of business outfits and have to mix and match things."

"If you need the expand your wardrobe I can advance you a loan so can get some more outfits," answered Mr. Patterson the owner.

"Oh my god that would be awesome, thank you so much Mr. Patterson," said Miranda and then she leap out of her seat and went up to Mr. Patterson and leaned over and hugged him as he was still in his chair. She also hugged the other two men as she was happily giggling. She sat back down still giddy and continued the meeting.

"What do you like to do for fun Miranda," asked Henry.

"I like to go swimming," answered Miranda but in her head she was thinking, 'get fucked'. She imagined herself getting fucked by the three older men as she answered the question.

"Oh, that's great I have huge pool, maybe we can have a pool party sometime," said Mr. Patterson.

As he said the words she remembered her last pool party and smiled and said, "That would be lovey I'd love to come." The men for their part were imagining Miranda in a bikini.

"Well if you don't have anymore questions we are done and we'll let you get back to work," said Mike. With that the men all stood up and approached her. They each proceeded to shake her hand as she remained seated. Miranda stayed in her seat but leaned forward a little bit to allow each man good view down her blouse. She got up and walked back to her desk as the men followed watching her ass the whole way.

Once back at her desk Miranda was lost in thoughts thinking about what kinds of outfits she could wear. She looked online for sexy business outfits and got lots of ideas. Later Henry approached her and said that Mr. Patterson had given him a company credit card and if she wanted he could take her to the mall to get some clothes. She happily agreed. She started thinking maybe she might get laid tonight after all.

After work Henry and her headed over to the mall. As they walked through the mall looking for a store Henry kept touching Miranda. At first he only touched her back, shoulders, or arms but after he briefly brushed her ass and she just smiled he became more bold. He continued to touch her back but strayed down to her ass very often. Miranda for her part allowed him to do whatever he wanted. They found a clothing store with dresses and some business outfits. Once inside she headed to an area with evening wear. She found a few sexy dresses and held up one dress and said, "I should try this one on to be sure." Henry merely nodded.

They went to the back of the store to the changing stalls and Miranda was glad the stalls had curtains. She entered the stall and hung up the clothes then she quickly drew the curtain but she pulled it so hard that the other end opened up. She looked to the side pretending to not see the six inch gap in the curtain. As Henry stared through the gap, Miranda was still looking to the side and began unbuttoning her blouse. She removed the blouse and dropped it on the bench behind her without moving her body. Next she unzipped her skirt and it fell to the floor. Henry could now see Miranda through the gap clad in only her pink bra and panties. She now grabbed the dress which was a short tight blue dress. She pulled the dress on and opened the curtain.

Once she stepped out to model it for Henry he said, "The straps are too thin I can see your bra."

She acted surprised and said, "Oh, you're right let me try it without the bra." And she turned around and reentered the stall but did not close the curtain. Once inside and with her back to him she lowered the dress to her hips, it was so tight it would not fall down. She then started to unclasp the bra but pretended to have trouble undoing it.

Henry jumped up and said, "Here let me help you with that." He then proceeded to unclasp the bra and she pulled it off her shoulders and dropped it on the bench. There was a full length mirror in front of her and he could clearly see her perky c-cup breasts in the mirror. She then slowly pulled the dress up and put it back on. Now she turned around to face him but he was so close that her tits rubbed his chest as she did.

"What do you think," she asked him. He stepped back and scanned her from head to toe.

"That's sexy but not too sexy for the office," he said. "Now try this one on," he said grabbing the next dress on the hook, a shiny and very short black dress. She took the blue dress off as he held the black one. He was standing only a foot in front of her as she stood there in only pink satin panties. They switched dresses and she put the black one on. The black dress wasn't tight in fact it just draped on her and her back was completely bare. Her sides were mostly exposed including part of her boob and the hem didn't even reach mid thigh.

"I like that one," commented Henry.

"Are you sure this isn't too revealing for work, there's no way I can wear a bra with this," asked Miranda.

"I don't know let me ask Mike," said Henry as he pulled out his phone and took a picture of her. "Now try the last one on," added Henry. He texted Mike the picture of the black dress as she slipped it off. He was still holding his phone after she took it off and she thought she hear his phone take another picture as she was standing in only her panties. He sent another text and the thought that he just texted Mike a picture of her in just her panties only turned her more. Before she could grab the next dress he said, "Try this one on without the panties, I dare you."

In response to his dare Miranda hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and yanked them to the floor. He was so close to her that he had to step back to allow her to bend forward to take her panties off. He was still holding his phone and when she straightened up she heard another click from his phone. After standing up she stood there for a minute and allowed him to stare at her naked body. She heard a few more clicks from his phone and the thought that other men would see those pictures made her pussy start to get wet again.

Henry for his part was in awe of this young Latina woman and her amazing body, she had nice perky c-cup breasts and curvy but tight body with flawless light brown skin. He was shocked at how easy it was to get her naked and was looking forward to the fun he could have with her at work. Now he just wondered if it would be this easy to fuck her.

Eventually Miranda reached for the last dress, it was a red wrap dress it was longer than the first two going down to her knees, but had a plunging neckline that dropped all the way past her breasts. The dress wrapped around and tied at the waist. It had a huge slit that went all the way up to the waist and left her entire leg exposed. To check how exposed she could be Henry pulled the flap of the dress to the side exposing Miranda's shaved pussy. He kept her uncovered while he stared at her pussy thinking how much he wanted to fuck her.

Finally he let go of the dress and she took it off. She put her skirt back on and then her shirt but she didn't bother to put her bra and panties back on those she handed to Henry to hold since she has no pockets. Henry put Miranda's underwear in his pocket and picked up the dresses. Before leaving Miranda picked out several short skirts and some tight tops to go with them. He paid for all the clothes with the company's card and they left the mall.

On the way back to Miranda's place she told him to pull over and park in an empty parking lot. When they stopped she turned toward him and said, "I really appreciate everything you've done for me I want do something for you to show my appreciation." And with that she leaned over and undid his pants pulling out his cock. She started sucking his dick like an expert, she had gotten very good at sucking dick with the practice she's had in the last few days.

"Oh, oh my god you are so good at that," exclaimed Henry. He was in heaven even though he initially wanted to fuck her. Since he's been married a long time it has been a while since he has gotten a blow job and he was throughly enjoying it. It only took him a few minutes to come as he very worked up after seeing Miranda's naked body earlier. She eagerly swallowed his load then cleaned him up and put his dick away.

"Did you enjoy that," asked Miranda while smiling at him.

"Oh, yes of course that was fantastic, at first I wanted to fuck you but that was awesome, maybe even better," was his response.

"Good, I'm glad you liked it," she said then she added, "but could you do something for me?"

"Sure, anything what do you need," he said.

"I need to have an orgasm, could you eat my pussy, please," she asked almost begging.

"Alright," was all he said. And with that she leaned back and pulled up her skirt while spreading her legs. She fully exposed the pink and wet inner lips of her vagina to him. He enthusiastically dove down on her and began licking her cunt in earnest. He inserted a finger then two and finger fucked her while licking and sucking her pussy. Now she was in heaven and started moaning very loudly. She didn't come fast and made him work for it, but eventually she had her orgasm and was finally satisfied. She put her skirt back into place and he wiped his mouth with her panties from his pocket. He handed her back her bra and panties then drove her home.

Once at her apartment she got out and grabbed her clothes from the back seat then leaned in the window and said, "Maybe next time I'll let you fuck me."

"Sounds like a plan then," he answered, then she went inside.

Miranda went to work the next day wearing a short white skirt and tight blue tank top for shoes she wore a pair of white heels. She had been at her desk only about an hour when Mike called her to his office. When she got there he had her close the door behind her.

"So, I heard you and Henry had a good time shopping for clothes yesterday," stated Mike.

"Yes, it was very fun and I got lots of summer clothes to wear to work. I really appreciate what you guys did to help me," said Miranda.

"Well we really appreciate you for the work you are doing and we want to keep you around for awhile. I saw some pictures and saw you picked out some really cute dresses, but I think we should save the fancier dresses for Fridays perhaps," said Mike.

Miranda thought she saw him smirk a little when he said, 'some pictures'. Now she was sure he saw pictures of her nude and the thought caused a warm sensation in her pussy. She was standing in front of his desk when he asked her to turn around so he could see her outfit.

"Nice, very cute, I like it. Now show me what you're wearing underneath," asked Mike. Miranda's mouth fell open from shock of his request, she was not expecting that at all. He said it in a very polite and normal way just like he asks his employees to strip for him everyday. She also knew now that Henry had also told him that she was complaint and submissive, but she also knew that she started this and it was what she wanted. So just like it was a normal request from her boss Miranda complied and began stripping in his office.

First she grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head then threw it on the chair next to her. Second she unzipped her skirt then let it fall to the floor. After stepping out of it she put it on the chair with her shirt. She now stood in front of her boss in only her bra, panties and high heels. The bra was a lacy semitransparent white bra and the panties were a blue satin thong. Her nipples were visible through the thin lace of the bra. Again standing in front of another man half naked caused Miranda to become excited and the dampness grew in her pussy.

"Is that a thong?", asked Mike as he spun his finger motioning for her to turn around. Miranda did as he instructed and turned around to show him it was in fact a thong and her ass cheeks were fully exposed. After staring at her ass for a long minute he told her to turn back around.

"Very nice, but your bra and panties don't match," commented Mike. After pondering it for a minute he added, "I think you should lose the white bra." Miranda hesitantly reached for her bra strap not knowing if he was serious. When he said nothing as she reached the bra, she unclasped it. She removed her bra and tossed it on the chair with the rest of her clothes. She dropped her arms to her sides and stood there allowing him to stare at her perky breasts. He stared at her scanning her body for a few minutes, his attention to her naked body was getting her more and more turned on and she felt the increased wetness in her pussy and panties.

Eventually he said, "You can get dressed now." So Miranda slowly started dressing, first she put her skirt back on leaving her tits exposed. She picked up her tank top and as she was doing that someone opened the door and walked into the office. It was one of the finance guys and he was holding some papers.

"Mike, I wanted to talk to you about...," he was talking as he walked in but stopped as soon as he saw the topless Miranda. "Oh, I'm sorry I didn't know you were busy," he continued saying never taking his eyes off Miranda's tits.

"It's ok we were finished, what do you want to show me," said Mike. The finance guy continued to stare at Miranda's tits not once looking at her face as he continued to talk to Mike. Miranda for her part stared right back while smiling and slowly pulling her top back on. As she went to grab her bra Mike turned toward her and said, "Leave that you can come and get it at the end of the day." With that she silently left the office.

Back at her desk Miranda started getting her usual visitors. After stripping for Mike and getting walked in on Miranda was very worked up and in addition to a wet pussy her nipples were as hard as rocks. With no bra under her top the hard nipples were prominently displayed through the thin material of the tank top. The sight of her hard nipples sticking out was not missed by any of her visitors as hardly any of them could take their eyes off her chest.

"That's a cute top, can I see the whole outfit," requested one of the workers. So Miranda stood up and came out from behind her desk. She proceeded to spin and pose for the man. As soon as she had started two more men walked in and watched the impromptu fashion show. Miranda was enjoying the attention but she almost wished she could strip for the men. She had another idea instead, so she slowly bent over and touched her toes. Her skirt was so short that at least half of her ass was exposed to the men. There was only a small strip of blue satin covering her pussy as the back string of her thong had disappeared into her ass crack.

The men were in awe of the show their were witnessing. Miranda only stayed bent over for a few seconds allowing the men only a brief flash. After she stood back up one of the men asked her, "Your ass is perfectly tanned, do you tan in the nude?"

"No, I don't tan at all that's my natural skin tone," replied Miranda.

"I don't believe you, prove it," said another man. To answer his challenge she slipped one of her shoulder straps down to show her shoulders had no tan lines from a swim suit. "That doesn't prove anything, you could just wear strapless bikini tops," countered the man.

Miranda briefly considered lifting her top to show them her tits with no tan lines. Before she could do anything Mike and the finance man emerged from his office and the three workers turned their attention to them. Mike and the men went back into the office while the finance man went back to his office, but as he walked past her he shot her a lecherous look she just smiled and winked.

After the men re-emerged from the office the one who challenged her stopped and said, "You're still going to have to prove you have no tan lines at some point."

"Ok," was her response to him. She then stuck her tongue out at him. He smiled and started laughing as he walked away.

A little while later it was approaching lunchtime when Mike came out of his office and walked up to Miranda's desk. "Do you want to go to lunch, my treat?" asked Mike.

"Sure, of course," responded Miranda. They both got into his car and drove to find some food.

"Henry said you give really good head," commented Mike as they drove, then he asked, "Could you show me."

"Now, um sure," answered Miranda, and then Mike pulled into an alley behind a building and parked. "Do you need me to do anything or show anything to get you going?", asked Miranda.

"Show me your tits again," said Mike, and she quickly pulled off her tank top baring her tits. Mike reached out and started playing with her tits. After a little bit of him fondling her tits she reached down and felt his crotch and his growing erection. She now leaned over and unzipped his pants pulling out erect penis. Placing his cock in her mouth she started to suck it. She was trying her best using all the tricks she learned from sucking so many dicks the previous days.

"Oh, goddamn you're good, that feels amazing," Mike said breathlessly. She kept sucking and even playing with his balls at the same time. She was doing such a good job that this married man who rarely gets blow jobs did not last long and after a couple minutes he exploded into her mouth. By now she had really started to enjoy having men come in her mouth and she even savored the taste of semen, she was truly a come loving slut. After cleaning him up and putting him away she put her top back on and they drove to a burger joint. She ate her burger with the still lingering taste of come in her mouth and it made her happy.

Once back at work sitting at her desk Miranda had string of visitors either asking about tan lines or trying to get her to model her outfit for them. Obviously word of her earlier antics had spread around the shop floor. Miranda for her part rejected all requests, she feared she had gone too far and might get in trouble. At some point Mike had came out of his office and saw a small crowd gathered at her desk. After shooing all the guys away he asked her what all that was all about. She told him about her little fashion show and bending over. She said she did not realizing how short her skirt was and that possibly a good amount of her bare ass was exposed. She also told him about them not believing her skin tone was natural and not a tan. She recounted pulling down her shoulder strap and trying to prove it, but they still didn't believe her.

"Looks like you got the guys all fired up," said Mike as he started laughing.

"But what am I supposed to do about it," questioned Miranda.

Mike thought about it for a minute and said, "Maybe you could just do the bend over thing for them and that's it," then he added, "only if you want to though."

"I kind do," said Miranda.

"Well I can go with you and make sure they behave," said Mike. Mike started staring at her chest and asked, "Hey, weren't your nipples poking out earlier.

"Yes, they were very hard earlier but I've calmed down now," answered Miranda.

"Did the guys notice too," asked Mike.

"Yes, they all noticed and many of them couldn't take their eyes off my chest," she said.

"Well let's not disappoint them," he said as he walked behind Miranda and proceeded to slip both of his hands down the front of her top. She merely sat there as he began pinching and rolling her nipples between his fingers. His actions had the desired effect and her nipples became hard and erect, but it also had another effect and her pussy started to get wet again. He came around in front of her and admired his handy work as her nipples were once again poking out through the thin material of her tank top.

"Ok, let's go," ordered Mike and she obediently followed him out the door. Once out on the shop floor he got all the workers attention. When they were all gathered around Mike proceeded to introduce Miranda to the men by saying, "I just wanted you guys all to meet our new receptionist slash administrative assistant, Miranda." He pointed to her and continued talking, "Some of you might have already had a chance to talk to her, but I just wanted to let everybody know if they need anything that Miranda can help." "Miranda is super eager to please and is willing to do anything to help this company prosper," added Mike and the double entendre was not lost on Miranda or the men.

He twirled his finger and said, "Do a little spin for the guys and show them your cute little outfit." Miranda obediently started slowly spinning around for the men but halfway through her second spin something fell from Mike's hand and hit the floor. Miranda instantly knew what he wanted and she bent down to pick it up. She bent over with her legs straight and her rear facing the group of men. Once she was bent over she pretended to struggle to grasp the pen he dropped as she did all the men ogled her bare ass cheeks.

As she was bent over she heard a man telling the others, "I told you she had a sweet ass".

"You weren't kidding bro," said one of the other men. She also heard some other lecherous comments about her ass before she stood up straight. After standing back up she handed the pen back to Mike and turned to face the crowd again.

"Thank you, darling," said Mike then he added, "See I told you guys she is very helpful." He went on to say, "And hopefully her help and perky personality will brighten this place up and improve moral."

"Is she going to come out visit us regularly?" asked one man.

"I can have her come out here on a daily basis if you guys would like," answered Mike to which there a chorus of, yes's, cheers and head nods and with that the two of them went back into the office. Miranda spent the rest of the day pondering the things Mike might make her do and her pussy tingled with the thoughts.

Near the end of the day Miranda went to Mike's office to retrieve her bra. Once she got there she poked her head in. "Yes, Miranda, " asked Mike at seeing her.

"Can I get my bra?" asked Miranda.

"Oh, of course come on in,"answered Mike. As she entered the room she saw there was another man sitting in a chair.

"Oh, hi," said Miranda upon seeing him.

"This is Jerry, he's one of our engineers," Mike said.

"Nice to meet you Jerry," she said holding out her hand.

"I'm glad I finally got to meet you, Miranda, I've heard great things about you," said Jerry as he shook her hand. Miranda wondered what exactly he had heard about her.

"I've got your bra right here," said Mike pulling the garment out of a desk drawer. As Miranda walked over to get the bra Mike spoke again saying, "Go ahead and put it on right here."

"Ok," is all she said as she reached his desk. She then proceeded to pull her tank top over her head exposing her tits to the two men. She laid the top in the desk and grabbed the bra and began putting it on. Miranda moved slowly prolonging her exposure to the men. Once her bra was on she pulled on the top.

Once she was dressed Mike asked, "Do you need a ride home Miranda?"

"Yes, that would be great," she responded.

"Jerry here has offered to give you a ride," said Mike.

"Thank you, Jerry, I'll be ready in five minutes," she said and then she headed for the door.

Once at the doorway Mike spoke again saying, "And I've arraigned for someone to pick you up in the morning, if you would like,"

"That would be wonderful, thanks Mike," she answered and then she left.

Five minutes later Jerry was at her desk and they went to his car. Once inside before he even started the engine, he said, "I heard you give really good blow jobs." She knew there was a catch to the free ride home and there it was. Now she wondered if she would be expected to suck a dick for her ride to work also.

"Yes, yes I do, would you like me to suck your cock Jerry?" said Miranda.

"Yes, please," was his excited response. So Miranda went to work again pulling out his slightly firm penis. Apparently the thrill of seeing her tits five minutes ago had mostly worn off.

"Do you want to see my tits again, Jerry?" she asked.

"Yes, please," was again his reply. So she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra then she lifted her top and bra together to her neck. He stared at her perky boobs and after a few seconds he reached out with both hands and grabbed a hold of her tits. She looked down at his exposed cock and in a very short time it grew to full size. She then leaned over and took his cock into her mouth and began sucking it. She used all the tricks she has learned and he did not last very long coming in her mouth after just a couple of minutes. Again she enjoyed the taste of semen in her mouth. She then put his penis away and put her bra and top back on.

After he dropped her off at home her thoughts were drawn to the question of who would pick her up in the morning and whether she would be expected to suck his cock, what a way to start her day she thought. After eating dinner she went to bed early thinking about the events of the day and what tomorrow would bring.

