Heather's Exhibitionistic Experiences
by Fantaiz

Heather's Exhibitionistic Experiences #1

Heather decided to go for a ride with me wearing nothing but her car coat, a pair of open to show pantyhose, and high heels. When she walked she was covered to mid thigh, but when she sat in the car the coat worked it's way up to just below her shaved pussy.

Once in the car and safely on the Highway, Heather unbuttoned her coat to her waist. She spread her legs and slowly started caressing her clit as we drove along. She seemed oblivious to anything around her. She was caught in her own little fantasy world.

We passed a number of trucks along the way. I would slow down and make sure that the drivers were able to get a good view of Heather enjoying herself. This caused Heather to become even more excited and she soon was cumming with low sighs. Once she stopped she just sat there with her legs spread. She, by this time, seemed not to care about who saw her.

We got off the Highway and entered into traffic along a well traveled road. This road had a number of traffic lights along its route. Heather, by this time, was caressing herself openly again. I think that all of the traffic around her really turned her on because she was cumming almost immediately upon touching her now swollen clit.

I decided to see just how far Heather would go. I pulled off the road when I found a full service gas station. I pulled up to the pump located furthest away from the office. I popped the hood and got out. The attendant, who looked to be about 16 or 17 years old, came over to me and asked me what I wanted. I requested that he fill the tank, check the oil and wash the windshield. I then went into the office, pretending to be looking for directions. I left Heather to her own devices.

I was in the office no more that two minutes when the attendant came bursting in. He went into the garage and got a fellow attendant explaining to him that he needed help with the car. Both of the attendants went back out of the office together. I waited a few moments and then went out as well. I did not want things to get out of hand.

When I got out to the car, I saw that both attendants were washing the windshield. There was one attendant on each side of the car. Heather was looking out the side of the car as if nothing was happening. Her legs were spread wide and she was in full view of these two young men. I also noticed that the gas pump had stopped and that neither of these guys wanted to drag himself away from the show long enough to finish pumping the gas.

I went to the back of the car and finished pumping the gas, leaving both, now totally horny guys, to their little show. When I finished the task of pumping the gas, I walked over to the drivers side of the car. I motioned for the attendant to come over to me. Once he had come across to me, I asked him how much I owed him. He would not answer me immediately. He instead wanted to know if I needed the transmission fluid checked. I replied no. He then wanted to know if I needed the tire pressure checked. I again replied no. At this point, totally discouraged, he told me how much I owed for the services, minus Heather, I owed. I paid him. Got in the car, started it up and left. When we looked back we noticed these two guys just standing there where we left them watching us leave.

Heather had experienced exhibitionism for the first time. She learned that she loved it. She has since had many experiences, all unplanned. It has added a new dimension to our marriage and we truly enjoy it when she pulls out all the stops and shows it all.


Heather's Exhibitionistic Experiences #2

It was a hot summer day. We decided to drive up to the mountains to cool off. Heather decided she would wear a micro mini shirt and a lace top. This lace top was rather see-through and should be worn under something else or with a bra. Heather decided she would wear no underwear at all. Her nipples were clearly visible through the thin material that made up her top.

As she sat in the car she was making me hot by just looking at her. I wished we were back home so I could lay her on the bed and screw her all day long. We drove for about an hour and Heather enjoyed the drive by flashing every trucker we passed. She would raise her short skirt and position herself in such a way that anyone who could look into the car would see her exposed shaved pussy and of course they would be able to see her tits as well if they looked closely.

We got to where we were going which was an area with a gorge that we could walk through. We started out on the walk by enjoying some food in the restaurant located at the beginning of the trail. The looks that Heather was getting by the other patrons of the Restaurant were classic. The men could not take their eyes off of her. The women would look and try not to acknowledge her sexuality.

We left the restaurant and started on our walk. The first half of the walk caused us to have to climb up a number of stairs. We made sure that there were others men close by that would be able to see up her skirt as she climbed the stairs. Heather made sure to hike her skirt up a notch or two as she climbed. Her butt was clearly visible to those who were lucky enough to be below her position on the stairs.

Along the way we would stop for a rest or two. Heather would always sit in a position that if one looked closely one could see her pussy. We continued to walk along the trail and I would play with her butt and pussy when there was no one else about. We were becoming very horny, but due to the number of people about we could do nothing about it. We ended the mile and a half walk very tired, and very horny and very hungry.

We decided that we would not drive back home, but find a motel room up in the mountains to spend the night. As we drove along we found a nice motel that had vacancies. I pulled up and went in to register. I thought Heather would stay out in the car while I took care of business, but as I looked back she was following me into the office of the motel. The motel clerk was beside himself when he took one look at Heather's attire. We were afforded very nice service. We got our room and left to get cleaned up and take a swim to cool off from the days events. Unfortunately neither of us had brought any swim suits or any other clothes for that matter so we had to take a trip to find a store that sold swim suits. Fortunately we found one rather quickly and were in and out of the store in no time at all. Heather bought a skimpy bikini.

When we got back to the motel, Heather made a point of not closing the drapes as she got changed. She was being a total tease. I was very hot as was she, but we decided to save our passion up for later. We went out and spent the rest of the uneventful afternoon at the pool.

We got back to the room and cleaned up and decided to go out to get a bite to eat. I mentioned to Heather that she had brought no clothes with her other than the ones she had on. She said not to worry and proceeded to get back into her skimpy skirt and lace top. I said "what the hell", and we went out to find a restaurant.

We located one some way down the road from where we were staying and went in. We were seated in a crowded dining room. It was very erotic to see the stares that everyone was giving Heather as we walked through. Heather remained rather discreet through the whole time we were in the restaurant. But her top was still clearly visible and I am sure that a number of the patrons were turned on by her display.

After the dinner, we went back to the motel and spent the rest of the night making love and fantasizing about the days events and talking about all the people she must have turned on during the day.

All in all it was an enjoyable way to spend a hot summer day. Unfortunately due to Heather's display we only became hotter!!!

