Orbital Academy III

--------------------------------------------

by MaddiroseX

(Did you love this story? Hate it? Want a sequel? Please let me
know at maddirosex@gmail.com!)

--------------------------------------------

"Four minutes remaining." Missy was sure that the cold robotic
voice was speaking directly to her. It didn't matter that she
could look to her left or right to see her squaddies climbing the
rock wall around her. It didn't matter that the other rookies
were sweating, straining, and in pain as they scaled the surface
just like she was. No, at this moment as her muscles screamed at
her and her vision blurred Missy knew that the cold, metallic
voice was aimed solely at her.


*One hand up. Look for the hook. Grab. Pull up. One hand up.* She
let the mantra repeat in her head, trying to ignore the fact that
even the slowest of her fellow squaddies had made it to the top.
Her arms stung, trembling whenever she pulled herself higher. The
joints in her fingers were on fire. She tried to distract herself
by doing the math; she was forced up this wall three days a week,
and she had been at the Academy for three weeks. Ten times on
this hateful surface. On their first attempt, Captain Appet had
assured them all that the course would get easier, that they
would soon be able to finish the whole course in the twenty
minutes. She told them that someday they would find it easy to
run the mile, scale the wall, and make it safely through the
attack track to grab one of the nine pendants that hung on hooks
at the end of the track.


"Three minutes remaining," the emotionless voice droned, as Missy
finally reached the top of the climbing wall, pulling herself up
inch by agonizing inch until she was resting firmly at the top.
Jackson had taken his pendant on his second day on the course.
The rest of her squadmates had followed his example, eventually
being able to get their pendants within the time limit as well.
Boosted by the extra hours of physical training given to anyone
who didn't win their pendant, even the weaker members of her
squad had started finishing the course in twenty minutes.


Missy dragged herself to her feet and began running, each breath
burning her lungs. The track loomed in front of her, and she
wobbled slightly. The first hurdle sprang, spring-loaded, from
the track, and she jumped it purely from muscle memory. She
forgot about the second trap, a small laser that slammed into her
back after a small audio alarm. It sent her sprawling on her
stomach.


"One minute remaining." It was possible she missed the two-minute
warning, but Missy was  willing to believe that the voice was
being vindictive, just to her. She wouldn't be able to make it.
Her eyes filled with tears as she rolled over onto her back,
staring up at the far wall, a row of empty hooks to hold
pendants. Blinking away tears, she half-turned to check again,
*shouldn't mine still be up there?*


"Ten seconds. Nine seconds." As the final time began counting
down, Missy's view was obscured by Preston, jogging down his own
track. With his pendant already collected, the traps and attacks
had been de-activated, and his pace was easy and light.


"You look pretty beat," he had stopped next to her, hands in his
pockets, a smile on his face. Missy tried not to swear, she
simply groaned and turned her head away. A small weight fell on
her chest, and she looked down to find her pendant, letters
glowing in her name around the edge.


"Thought you could use a break," Preston somehow managed to act
both offhanded and smug at the same time, and jogged off before
she had time to respond.
"Time over," The robotic voice droned, and for the first time
added "No pendants remain." Missy clasped her pendant in her
hand, completely confused.


***


"I don't know, Missy, it's not like Preston is some monster,
incapable of being decent once in a while." Aimee pointed out, as
she spooned another bite of protein paste into her mouth and
grimaced.
"You have to admit, it's out of character for him," Missy spoke
lower. She leaned towards her friend, more worried than Aimee
that Preston might hear them from the other end of the table,
"he's not the kind of person who just does something for
nothing."
"Well ok, maybe we haven't seen him do something for nothing, but
so what? We've known each other for, what, a month?"
"Is that really all? It feels like longer."
"That's all. For all we know, Preston could have some hidden
depths."
"No," Missy shook her head, "we know Preston. He did it to get
something, or maybe he just wants me to owe him a favor." She was
even more sure as she said it out loud, even though Aimee was
shaking her head. The more she thought about it, the angrier it
made her. *How dare he make that decision for me?* She hadn't
asked for his help, and she'd been handling her extra physical
training just fine, although if she was being honest with
herself, the prospect of her first day without the extra hour of
physical training was wonderful.


Missy lapsed into silence as she stewed for the entire length of
the meal, and continued dwelling on the incident throughout the
afternoon. She hated being the "fragile" one in her squad. Aimee
had mentioned it before, how Missy's pale skin, tiny stature, and
jet black hair made her look like a porcelain doll. In another
life, she would've valued her delicate looks, but here it had
become her bane. *My squaddies feel sorry for me...my friends
feel like they have to carry me...and Preston thinks he can take
advantage of me.* By the end of the rookies' final class she had
worked herself into a fit of indignation. She stalked into the
barracks bristling and ready to take offense at the slightest
provocation.


Preston was leaning back in a chair, tossing his pendant into the
air and catching it again. Jackson and Aimee lay in their
respective bunks, reading on their respective tablets. Tess was
lounging at the card table in the corner, hands behind her head,
staring at the ceiling. Julia and Li had linked their tablets
together to play a game. Alex and Marcus were elsewhere, forced
to spend their small amount of free time to make up for various
failures in training. Missy technically should've been out with
them, and she blushed when she realized it. The indignation and
resentment that had been boiling inside her burst out before she
could stop it.


"How dare you!" She shouted, and the entire barracks suddenly
went quiet. Her face went hot as the entire room of her
squadmates stared, startled and confused. For a moment Missy
tried to remember if she had ever raised her voice with her
squaddies before. Preston looked the most shocked of all, his
head cocked to one side inquisitively, and his look of innocence
enraged Missy into continuing at the same volume. "What, am I
just some charity case to you, is that it? 'Poor weak blushing
Missy'?" she knew she wasn't doing herself favors by flushing,
and she blinked away tears as she almost screamed the rest, "you
figured you'd better carry me along so I stopped embarrassing the
team?"
"I'm gonna see if they've got something to snack on in mess,"
Tess stood suddenly and made her way past Missy, followed
awkwardly and silently by Julia and Li. Aimee grabbed Jackson by
the wrist as she too left. On her way out she mouthed something
at Missy with a pained look, but Missy simply shook her head, too
angry to process what her friend was trying to say.


Preston was on his feet now, crossing his arms and lifting his
chin in a look that was somewhere between confusion,
defensiveness, and hostility.
"What the fuck are you so mad about?"
"You think I'm too weak to take care of myself? Or do you think I
owe you now?" Now that Missy was alone with him the situation
didn't seem quite so clear cut. The conversation had gone a lot
smoother in her head, and she was starting to feel self
conscious.
"You weren't gonna get the pendant so I got you the pendant,
what's the fucking problem?" Preston shot back, "why does it have
to be some big deal?"
"It is a big deal!" Missy squeaked, regretting the words even as
they were leaving her mouth, "Maybe I wanted to get the pendant
on my own! Maybe I don't want to be the weak little fragile doll
that everyone has to take care of!"
"I don't think you're a doll-"
"And I don't want you lording it over me, acting like I owe you a
favor now!"
"Who said anything about a favor?" Preston looked so helpless and
frustrated that Missy's anger was starting to fade away.
"I just don't want to owe anyone anything," she mumbled,
embarrassed and slightly ashamed now that her anger was wearing
off.
"Ok, you don't owe me anything," Preston placed a hand on her
shoulder, looking at her closely, "I told you already, I just did
it 'cause you looked like you needed a break."
Missy felt awful, and the kind action of the hand on her shoulder
was so unlike Preston that she felt even worse. *I wouldn't think
he's the type to be kind like this. I would expect him to make
some horrible joke about giving him a blowjob to even the
scales.* She blushed at the thought, and immediately hated
herself for it. *I don't want to be the blushing innocent
teammate. Just once, I want to be the smooth girl who's in
control.*


The thought came to her unbidden; a way to become the smooth
woman in control and to not feel beholden to Preston anymore.
"Um..can you..." *no, don't ask him to do it, tell him to do it.*
"Sit down on the bed there," she commanded. She was already
blushing furiously at what she was about to do, but she was also
steeling herself up for it. To his credit, Preston had obeyed,
sitting on the edge of the nearest bunk and giving her a confused
look. That tiny bit of obedience gave Missy a little bit of
confidence, and she knelt on her knees beside the bed. She
reached forward and hooked two thumbs into his waistband...then
stopped. *I can't pull his pants down, he's sitting on
them...STUPID* she berated herself. "Stand up again," she
ordered.
"But you just told me to sit, you're being confusing." Preston
was now looking at her so thoroughly puzzled that Missy felt
foolish once again.
"If you want me to suck your dick then you'll stand up and shut
up and I'll be as confusing as I *fucking* want to be." Missy had
never in her life said anything so dirty, and she rarely swore,
but she was quite pleased at the effect her words had. Preston
stood up so fast he cracked his head against the bunk above him,
wincing slightly but staying silent.
*That's more like it*, she thought with satisfaction, and without
another word she reached up and slid his pants down.


Missy didn't quite know why she had always assumed Preston had a
small penis. Perhaps she just guessed from all of his blustering
that he was compensating for something. Whatever the reason, when
his member sprang from the fabric of his pants, she was
pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn't small at all, about
the length of her hand from wrist to fingertips. As she gently
took his length in one delicate hand, Missy felt a surge of...it
wasn't lust exactly, but excitement. He was so hard, just at the
*suggestion* of what she was about to do. She looked up at him to
see him staring down at her, his green eyes filled with such a
ferocious lust that she was taken aback. The look on his face,
the man's slavic features full of desire for her, and knowing
*she* had done that, brought a grin to Missy's face.
*Who's fragile now?*


Very deliberately and delicately, Missy flicked her tongue out
and slid it in a circle around the head of his cock. She could
feel his pulse quicken against her slender fingers as she held
him.  Sliding those fingers up and down his shaft, she kept on
swirling her tongue in circles, combining two motions and hoping
it felt as good as she imagined. Preston's hips bucked forward
just a tiny bit, as if against his will, and she felt a glow
inside her. Missy began licking his member, long strokes of her
tongue that slid from his head down his shaft, all the way to the
base. The tips of her fingers brushed against his balls as she
alternated licking and kissing, never in the same place twice,
carefully holding his length exactly where she wanted it. He was
breathing so hard, his whole body tense with enjoyment of what
she was doing. She felt powerful and more in control that she
ever had her entire time at the Academy.


The others would be back soon; at the very least she had to worry
about schedule bells ringing off the next shift. Missy didn't
want the feeling of power to be diminished, she wanted him to
remember this. She looked up, trying to catch his eye, but his
were closed, his head thrown back. Instead, she leaned forward
and took him in her mouth, still twirling her tongue in circles
around his head. Preston moaned out loud, and his hands moved to
her head, brushing against her scalp and pushing her towards him
further. At the same time, his hips thrust forward, pushing
himself even further into her mouth.


Missy leaned back, smiling at the moan her actions drew from him,
and slapped the hands that were on her head. "This is my
repayment, no interfering," she ordered. Preston obediently
placed his hands behind his back, and again Missy felt the surge
of power in the control she had over him. She bathed in his
attention, meeting his eyes again as she leaned forward slowly,
carefully kissing him on the very tip. *This is...so much more
fun than I thought it would be* she thought, watching his lips
part as he sucked in a quick breath. She kept on kissing, trying
to move so lightly that he could barely feel her lips brushing
against sensitive skin. She felt and saw a shiver pass through
Preston's body, and decided to finish him off.


Missy took a deep breath, and in a quick motion took him in her
mouth, grabbing his hips and pulling him forward, deeper, until
his entire length was in her mouth and throat. Preston cried out
in shock and pleasure, and Missy saw his hands move to grab her
head again, but then move back behind his back. She was glad; it
was harder than she thought to keep her throat relaxed, and if he
had slammed himself forward like he had before, she didn't know
if she could keep from gagging.


For awhile she continued on like that, first taking him in her
mouth as deep as she could, then slowly pulling back, trying to
swirl her tongue around to vary the sensations along his cock.
After a while she even got the hang of relaxing her throat, and
she started increasing the pace of her bobbing, taking her cues
from how his hips were moving and bucking.


"Fuck that's good Missy" Preston breathed, and his hands moved to
her head, but instead of pushing her, his fingers simply stroking
her head, brushing against her scalp. His fingers felt
surprisingly nice running through her hair, and hearing her name
like that felt nice as well; she decided not to move his hands
away as she felt his member pulsing against her tongue as he
came. Her mouth filled with his salty fluid, and she was relieved
to find it wasn't as disgusting tasting as some of her girl
friends had told her it would be.


Missy looked up, to find Preston fixing her with a look that was
halfway between confusion and adoration. She found the look
adorable, and she liked the feeling that the adulation in his
green eyes was giving her. Leaning back, Missy pulled his pants
up over his spent member, and stood, meeting his eyes. Her eyes
never leaving his, she swallowed with an exaggerated motion.
Preston made a small sound in the back of his throat that
might've been an attempt at words, then a second attempt.
"What was...why..." he stuttered, and despite herself Missy
grinned
"Now we're even, favor for favor," she pointed out, "you helped
me on the track, and even though it's not what I wanted, you had
good intentions. I felt like I owed you one." Feeling more
confident than she had since she'd come to the Academy, she
twirled on her heel and walked to the door. A thought occurred to
her, and she turned at the door to point at him, "But if you grab
my pendant again, I'll do something to you that you won't enjoy
nearly as much."


***


The screaming alarm shook them awake, different in pitch and tone
than their normal morning alarm. Missy stumbled out of bed,
disoriented, and glanced at the clock above the door. *0132
hours...what on earth?* The lights came on, but a pair of red
lights flashed above the door in addition. Adrenaline shot
through her, waking her up instantly, and judging from the sudden
rush of motion from her squaddies, she wasn't the only one. She
jolted into action with them, yanking the next day's uniform from
the drawer built into her bunk. The alarm stopped blaring,
letting her string actual thoughts together in a tired mind, but
red lights continued to flash. The squaddies had awakened enough
to begin talking as they pulled on uniforms, grabbing additional
gear as they went.
"Red priority, shit, I can't remember what that means, which
alerts count as red?" Li was asking as he struggled to put both
shirt and belt on at the same time. Missy racked her memory, but
the alarm codes had seemed so unimportant compared to the other
things she had to learn. She listened as well as she pulled her
sleepwear off and stumbled into her uniform.
"Red is on-board invaders, Drake attacks, structural damage,"
Alex was rattling off the alerts from the edge of her bed as she
slipped boots on, "pretty much anything that threatens to kill
people on the Academy itself." Her words did little to reassure
Missy. She slid the sealing toggle of her uniform up, and only
then realized that her squaddies were giving her strange looks,
especially the boys.


It suddenly struck her that she had just stripped and changed
without a care at all. For the rest of them, it had only taken a
week for them to be comfortable changing around each other. For
the nine of them to live and train together, constantly change
between flightsuits, workout clothes, orbital uniforms, and
maintenance gear, privacy was just too much of a hassle. Missy,
on the other hand, had gone through the hassle every time;
besides Aimee in the showers, none of them had never seen her
naked. Even now, realizing that she had just shown everything
from her small pale breasts to the neat patch of black hair
between her legs, she didn't feel anything like the horrified
embarrassment she always assumed she would. Instead, the
confidence she had felt twelve hours ago made her look at her
past reservations seem silly. *I've had Preston in my mouth, it
would be silly to be embarrassed being just as naked as everyone
else gets. It's not like they've never seen a nude girl before*
With a mental shrug, Missy began slipping on her boots, ignoring
the attention she was getting.


"What, Preston, no skeezy jokes about Missy's boobs that make us
want to punch you?" Jackson joked, clearly trying to lighten the
mood in the quiet and tense barracks. He pre-emptively punched
Preston playfully in the shoulder.
"They're nice," Preston glanced in Missy's direction then back at
the belt he was fastening around his waist, "but now's not the
time." The attention of the room now turned to Preston, who had
earned himself a reputation over the past month as a misogynistic
jerk.
"Well that's...out of character," Jackson began, clearly echoing
the thoughts of the squad that was growing more and more
confused, but before he could continue, the door to the barracks
slid open and Captain Appet stepped into the room. The whole room
seemed to calm when she entered, her gaze sweeping the barracks.


"The other newbie squads are all still scrambling. Your response
time is roughly the same as the corporals who are responding to
the emergency. Well done Rooks." Captain Appet said, a grim
satisfaction on her features, "remember that the next time you
think I'm going too hard on you. It's working."
"We won't be helping?" Missy asked, concerned, "What's going on?"
"It's a Drake. Earth class," Captain Appet replied, shortly, "We
plan on letting you Rooks handle emergencies that come up, but we
can't have you on something this dangerous."
The rookies relaxed a little bit, but remained uneasy. The
Captain seemed to pick up on their unease, "Relax, the squads
we're sending out have dealt with Drakes before, myself included.
I won't say this is routine, but we're not anticipating any
losses. That said, this will most likely take us all day, so
classes are cancelled. Get some sleep, take a day to relax.
Everyone except Missy."
Missy's stomach dropped as her squadmates turned to look at her.
The confidence she had been slowly building since the preceding
day seemed to shatter as she quietly asked, "What did I do?"
"Nothing too egregious," Captain Appet answered, sternly but not
unkindly, "the pendants have fingerprint sensors embedded in
them, that tell us which rookie grabbed them. I'll expect you to
have a pendant for me by the time I return, and I expect you to
get it yourself. No matter how long it takes." With that Captain
Appet left, leaving the room full of awkward silence.


"I, uh...I guess I owe you a favor now," Preston broke the
silence sheepishly, rubbing his neck, "it's only fair, right?"
"No," Missy snapped, turning her back to him. Her fists were
clenched and she was shaking with embarrassment, "I didn't mind
so much when I thought I owed you, but that was the first time I
ever-" she broke off as she realized her entire squad was her
audience, but she continued angrily "-my favor was way over the
top and you know it. So no, right now I don't want any of your
favors. But when I do, you owe me way more than just a favor.
You'll owe me double...no, triple the favors I did for you." She
could feel her face blushing bright red as the quickly hidden
smirk on Li's face told her that she wasn't being quite as subtle
as she meant.
"That's bullshit, I was just trying to help you out," Preston
retorted hotly, "you don't have to be a bitch about it." Missy
saw out of the corner of her eye that Aimee was about to speak,
but she stepped forward and jabbed her finger into Preston's
chest.
"I know you were," she said, her voice low, "but our entire time
here your problem has been not thinking about how your actions
affect other people. So I'm going to help you learn that. Every
time you're an asshole, you're going to owe me another favor. And
I'm going to make sure you pay up. And calling me a bitch makes
it five."
Without another word Missy spun on her heel and stomped toward
the door.
"Missy where are you-" Julia started, and Missy snapped an answer
before the other girl finished asking,
"If I'm going to get a pendant today I might as well get an early
start."
On her way out the door, Missy heard the room burst into chatter,
highlighted with Tess' voice.
"Fuck, Preston, how much of a dick do you have to be to get Missy
to yell at you?"


It was a bruised, sore and tired Missy that returned to the
barracks, just after lunchtime. Her legs screamed with each step
she took, and she could feel her pulse pounding in her head, the
baseline to the raging headache she was nursing. She dragged her
feet and absentmindedly ran a hand along her bruised left arm,
but clutched in her hand was a sweaty pendant, and she felt a
kind of fierce pride. The barracks were empty except for Preston,
lounging on his bunk. The room was dim when she entered, lit only
by the lights over each individual bunk and the screen Preston
seemed to be reading from, and he looked up when she entered.
"I told them we should keep the barracks dark when you got back,
that you'd probably want to sleep," he said, setting the screen
aside.
"I do," Missy groaned, wincing as she slumped into her bed,
"every muscle I have hurts." He was watching her cautiously, like
she was a dog that might bite him, and she smiled tiredly, "and
that was...quite nice of you. Thank you Preston."
"Yea, whatever," Preston said awkwardly, "oh, and um...I know
you'll be hurting too much to want those..uh..'favors' you
mentioned," he shifted uncomfortably, not meeting her gaze, "but
when you do, I uh, got this." He pulled a small cylinder from
beneath his pillow. Missy sat up on one elbow, examining the
item. It was a few inches long, with two tiny golden nubs on one
side and a white button at its base.
"What is it?" She asked, curious in spite of the soreness in the
arm that she leaned on.
"I spent two weeks of luxury resource tokens on it," Preston
replied, still not looking at her, "It's a VTM." Missy gave him a
blank look, and he clarified, "a ventral tegmentum manipulator."


It wasn't that she wasn't impressed that he had gone to such
lengths for her, but she was too tired to attempt to figure out
what a ventral tegmentum was.
"What is it?" She repeated
"It's a...a relaxation and stress reduction tool"
"What is-"
"It's a sex toy."
Missy stared at Preston's face for what felt like minutes, and
then burst into a fit of giggles.
"It's not funny!" Preston's face flushed, but his look of injured
bewilderment only made Missy laugh harder. The whole thing was
just so ridiculous; Preston, the very picture of alpha male
swaggering, worried enough about fulfilling his 'favors' that he
had spent their only tradeable commodity on a toy to make sure
she was satisfied. It was so ridiculous, and in an odd way so
strangely sweet that Missy felt bad for laughing at him, but the
entire scene seemed too surreal for her exhausted mind to handle.


She lay there exhausted, trying to stop the giggling, and Preston
stood awkwardly with a toy in his hand, trying to bluster but
coming off confused and embarrassed. She curled up as the
laughing hurt her aching body, but it felt good to laugh. Preston
stepped forward angrily, and pressed the golden nodes of the
cylinder against the strip of bare skin between her boot and the
leg of her pants.
When her entire body clenched, every muscle suddenly tense, Missy
thought he had tranquilized her. Her body started quivering, and
then suddenly she felt like she was on fire with pleasure. She
sucked in a sharp breath as her back arched, her fingers clawed
at the sheets. It took her long, fiery seconds to even realize
she was having an orgasm, but the word itself didn't seem to
explain the chords of pleasure that were singing through her
body. Preston pulled the cylinder away, and Missy collapsed onto
the bed.


The few seconds of contact had been enough for her to break into
a sweat, and she was panting. It took a moment for her to pull
herself together, to think about anything but the shivers that
were still twitching in her lower spine and legs. The soreness
that had permeated her body a few moments ago now felt more like
the pleasant ache of a morning stretch.
"What...was that?" She finally managed to gasp, and Preston gave
a look not unlike a petulant smile.
"Not laughing now are you?" He said, and he pressed the gold
studs into her ankle again.
Missy's legs spasmed, and she fell backwards into bed as the next
orgasm hit her. It felt good, amazingly good, but knowing what to
expect made it easier to think this time. There was a nervous
flutter of fear that tainted each wave of pleasure, of worry. She
knew Preston had been trying to be kind, and she knew she
shouldn't have laughed at him, but was he getting some kind of
vindictive kick out of this? Her stomach clenched and her
breathing quickened, and she wanted to succumb to the pleasure
that was pulling on every muscle inside her, but she was
frightened of the way Preston was standing over her.


"Preston, stop, please stop," she gasped, as soon as she was able
to speak through the disorienting feelings of heat and wetness
between her legs. To her surprise, Preston stopped immediately,
stepping back and waiting for her to catch her breath. Grateful
for the reprieve, she let her head flop down on her pillow, not
caring that her sweat-drenched hair would leave a damp spot. "You
stopped..." she said, uncertainty making it sound like a
question. The surprise must've shown on her face, because Preston
tilted his head, smiling like she'd made a joke.
"Well yea you asked me to," he replied, "what did you think I
wasn't going to stop?" The silence stretched between them, and as
it continued the smile slowly slipped off of his face. "You
thought I wasn't going to stop?" Missy wasn't entirely sure what
to say. She had in fact thought that he wasn't going to stop, but
she wasn't sure she wanted to admit the fact to him after seeing
the horror on his face. Her silence was admission enough on its
own, and Preston took a step back. "The fuck...is that really
what you think of me? What you all think of me?"


"I don't know..." Missy half shrugged, "you always come off as
such a...well a giant douchebag, really. I thought you knew
that."
Preston was slowly shaking his head, "I knew people thought I was
a jerk...I know I can come off that way sometimes...but I didn't
know you think I'm the kind of person who would do that." He was
sitting on his bed staring off into space, as if he was in shock.
He looked so vulnerable, sitting there with that lost look on his
face, that Missy's heart seemed to melt.
"Hey," she stood, then almost collapsed as she put her weight on
legs that were still shaky and weak, "look, you may come off that
way, but that doesn't mean you can't change."
"I wouldn't even know how. I wouldn't know what to do!" he
suddenly looked up, "wait, you could help."
"Me? What could I do?"
"Well you managed to tell me what I was doing wrong. Twice. Plus
you did it in a way that'll stick in my memory," he half smiled,
and for an instant the old confident Preston was back, but he
then slumped, "no one's ever called me out like that. I thought
it was because I was cool...but maybe no one cared enough to
correct me? But you're different."
"What's so special about me?" Missy leaned against the bed next
to him, awkwardly putting a hand on his shoulder because she had
no idea what else to do.
"I don't know," Preston shrugged, "You're fun to hang out with.
And you call me on my shit. And you're good with your mouth. I
want to hang out with you all the time."
"Plus the stuff with my mouth, you want that all the time too"
Missy smiled. He half-grinned in response, and didn't deny it.


"Preston," she fixed him with a quizzical look, "did you just ask
me to be your girlfriend?"
"What? No." Preston shook his head emphatically, "I just want to
hang out and screw you and spend time with you..." he trailed
off, "...so I guess, yea, kinda. I just don't like the word
'girlfriend', it sounds so committed..."
Missy started giggling again, and the blush creeping up Preston's
cheeks made her giggle even harder. The giggling fit on her
already shaky legs was too much, and she slipped to the ground,
helplessly laughing and looking at him through tears in her eyes.
Preston looked half embarrassed, half amused back down at her.
"Stop laughing," he grumbled, abashed "or you'll get another hit
of the VTM." Missy's giggling fit calmed down, but the smile on
her face didn't leave.
"Three hits," she said.
"What?"
"You still owe me three," Missy stretched out an arm, presenting
her bare wrist to him from the floor, "and you wouldn't want to
break the deal you made with your girlfriend would yo-" her
taunting was cut short as Preston pressed the VTM against her
wrist, reaching out and gently holding her arm so that the
contact wouldn't be broken. The third orgasm seemed to tear
through her, and she gasped and moaned as her entire body tingled
and then released. She couldn't process a thing beyond the
prickling across her skin, beyond how wet she was, beyond how
much she wanted these feelings to never, ever stop.


When Preston pulled the VTM away, she moaned in disappointment,
her hips lifting from the ground in useless protest. "More," she
breathed, arching her back on the ground, "I want more." Her body
was drenched in sweat, and the work-out suit she was wearing
seemed far too constrictive and hot. Missy slid the shirt over
her head, gasping as the cool air flowed across her skin. The
touch of the air alone was enough to send shivers down her spine;
it felt as if she could feel each air current that ran across the
skin of her stomach, against her pale breasts.
Preston seemed fixated by the sight of the girl at his feet,
topless and squirming with a mixture of pleasure and frustration.
"Preston, more," she demanded, snapping him out of it, and with a
wicked grin Preston leaned down, and pressed the golden studs
directly against her hard pink nipple.


Missy clamped a hand over her mouth to muffle a scream, as she
ground her legs together and her mind caught on fire. Her entire
body ached, her pussy ached, her skin ached, and she shook with
the pure intensity of the feeling. She couldn't hold on to any
thought but to pull herself closer to the man that was causing
her such feelings.
She came down from the high of her fourth orgasm and slumped to
the floor, her muscles releasing the tension of weeks as she lay
there, spent. The room seemed to swim for a moment, but
eventually Missy's surroundings slowly slid back into focus.
Preston was leaning over her, beaming. A grin to match his own
spread across her face, and she reached out to run a finger over
his ankle, the only thing she could reach without lifting her
arm.


"You about done there?" Preston asked teasingly. Missy glanced
down at herself. Her pale skin was shimmering, and she had soaked
through her underwear and left a damp patch on her work-out pants
between her legs. Although she could barely lift her head, she
gave a shy smile in response.
"One more?" She asked.
"It's potentially addictive, so it's limited," Preston replied,
"only five charges a month. I figure I'll save the last one for
some time I need to shut you up with an orgasm."
"Aw, so I don't get my last one until you need to shut me up?
Well, okay," Missy said innocently, then took a deep breath and
started shouting, "PRESTON'S GOT A GIRLFRIEND! PRESTON'S GOT A
GIRLFRIEND!"
The last charge through the golden studs were applied on her
stomach, halfway between her belly button and the waist of her
pants. It seemed to tie her entire body together, every nerve
alight. Missy felt each muscle she had; the orgasm wasn't just
flowing through her between her legs where she wanted it, but in
her legs, in her breasts, in her fingers, every centimeter of her
given over to it. Each movement rubbed her soaked underwear
against her already sensitive clit and lips, and she ground her
legs together to send shockwaves through her hips as she came.


Her entire body was utterly spent when the orgasm finally
stopped. She was vaguely aware that Preston was lifting her into
her bed, and she smiled at the feeling of his arms around her;
strong and snug. She barely felt him covering her with her
blanket, but she did register the surprising amount of
tenderness. "Preston's got a girlfriend," she mumbled in a
singsong voice, with a smile, closing her eyes.
"Yea yea, shut up," Preston replied, and the lights in the room
flickered out. As she drifted off into an exhausted sleep, she
heard him add "I guess no one told me having a girlfriend would
be so much fun."
