7 Days Of Palm Springs
by DickTracey

7 Days Of Palm Springs Pt. 01

Tracey teasing and enjoying sexual fun on holidays.

This story happened last October when we were in Palm Springs for a week. A nice relaxing week but Tracey's idea of relaxing is different then mine. Tracey just has this way of getting attention and doesn't shy away from it. She loves people, loves being sexy and she really loves cocks, all shapes and sizes.

DAY 1 WEDNESDAY

We arrived in town on Wednesday about 4 in the afternoon. We checked in and unloaded the car. We had had a long drive so we laid down for a nap.

We woke up at around eight. We ordered pizza and sat and had a couple of drinks. When the delivery guy knocked on the door, Tracey got up to answer, now you need to understand that Tracey is the only person I know who takes clothes of to answer the door. So she jumped up took her t shirt and shorts off. She had on a nice white sheer push up bra and a white sheer g string panty on. She answered the door and asked the pizza boy to come inn. When he picked his chin up off the floor he came in and placed the pizza on the desk. He gave her the bill and Tracey came to me and bent over so he got a great view of her ass. She gave him a healthy tip and he left.

" So no interest in the young man?" I said.

" Yes but I am hungry for pizza right now not cock. That is later sweetie," She answered.

We sat eating pizza and watching some movie. We had a couple more coolers and then about ten Tracey decided it was time for a hot tub. She went out to check things out and yes in her bra and panties. She came back disappointed, because the pool area closes at ten.

"I am going to go see the night manager and see if we can use the tub." She said as she took her bra and panties off. "What too put on to impress. Hmmmm... "

She put on her sundress with spaghetti straps and buttons up the front. She left the top buttons undone to her sternum and also up to one a over her pussy. She gave me a kiss and off she went.

I got changed into my shorts and got the cooler ready to go, because I know Tracey will get her way. Tracey returned in about twenty minutes with a smile. She then took of the dress and put her panties back on and a short white tank top.

"So what happened, I assume it is ok."

" Yes I will explain in the tub," She replied with a smile.

We get to the tub and she climbs in just ahead of me. She stood up and she looked amazing. She sat up on the edge of the tub and leaned back on her hands with her legs spread.

"You realize that you are making it hard, and hard too make eye contact," I said with a smile.

"Well I was talking to Taz , the night manager, and he said it was fine to use it but we can't make a lot of noise. He said he would be watching me on the two security cameras for safety reasons. He couldn't seem to take his eyes off my tits. Well I guess me squeezing them together and leaning on the counter didn't help. When he came out of his office he caught me squatting down to look at brochures on the wall. My legs were spread and my dress hanging on each side of my legs exposing my pussy. I pretended to be embarrassed and apologized. He is a very cute Spanish guy." She said smiling.

"So that's why your facing the camera." I said smiling.

I gave her a kiss and then freed her tits and started thumbing her nipples while trying not to obscure the cameras. Then I slid her panties off and started messaging her pussy. She was moaning softly. I pulled her closer to the edge of the tub , then I slid my seven inch cock into her and slowly started pumping. She was leaning back on her hands and I was pulling her nipples and pumping her pussy. I could feel her starting to shake and she started to moaning.

"Fuck Dick I have been horny all day. Fuck me harder!"

I started driving into her as hard as I can when she tenses right up and exhales. I pulled my dick out and started stroking it when she slid off the edge and started sucking my cock and not much later I exploded in her mouth. She licked it all up and stood up and kissed me.

"Let's go to our room," She said as she waved to the camera.

We walked across the pool area carrying the cooler and her bathing suit. As we left the pool area we ran into the security guard, I thought for sure we were in trouble.

" Hi folks, hope you had fun. I know Taz and I enjoyed the security feed," He said with a smile. "Taz said you were going to try and give us a show every night. That would brighten our Night Shift," He said. " I had to come and meet you guys, he said Tracey was really friendly."

With that Tracey stepped forwards and put her arms around his neck and pulled him tight to her and kissed him deeply. He in turn grabbed her ass and pulled her tighter to him. She took his hands of her ass and brought them up to her tits. She could feel his dick getting hard while she ground it on her hip.

"Well I am going to take care of Dick now so I have to go. See you tomorrow," Said Tracey.

"WOW! Thanks, you are amazing. See more of you tomorrow, then."

"Night, I am sure you will , " She replied sheepishly and smiling.

"Let's go to bed Dick, I am tired, " Tracey said. "Tomorrow is another day."


DAY 2 THURSDAY

We got up in the morning had some breakfast and then laid by the pool. We decided to head to the Cabazon Outlets. The dressing room stories are true except one and I will let you decide which one you think is not true. It was just supposed to be just a quiet day for us. Tracey relaxing and Tracey shopping. Well that's not really what happened because Tracey is always horny and thinking. Not that we didn't have fun. Also most of the supper and hotel parts are true.

As you know we were in Palm Springs for a nice relaxing week at the Inn hotel. We got up had breakfast and chatted about the day. I am not sure if I can use the name of places, so they are changed but with a little imagination you can figure them out.

Tracey said, " I would like to go to the mall in Cabazon. We could go for noon and spend some time shopping. So what do you think?"

" Sounds good to me as long as we pick something up sexy for you to wear for supper. I think that would be fair. "

" Ok sounds good to me but how sexy?" She says with a smile.

" Well you do know how to tease me. I love when you try stuff on, thinking of you naked in a change room. Just seems to make thinks twitch, " I said in anticipation.

We went back to our room and got ready to go. Tracey put on sheer g string panty and a push up bra both aqua coloured. She put on a short skirt and a deep v neck t shirt.

We headed out on the half hour drive to Cabazon.

We arrived there at noon and parked in the lot by the pretzel shop. We had already decided to have a pretzel, AA cinnamon and sugar pretzels are amazing. Anyways we sat on the bench in front of AA's and decided where to start.

" So what do you want to do first? " I asked.

" I think we could go to /// shop first and then walk across to the Desert mall. We could go to the check mark, LLemon and the Secrets, for sure. "

" Sounds great. Let's roll. " I said.

So we headed out and went to the /// shop and she looked around didn't find anything. So we moved on, we walked across the street to the Desert mall and headed for the check mark store. I went and looked at shoes on the wall , I mean it had 30% off. Tracey hit the clothing racks and had some stuff to try on. So we headed to the change rooms. I stood outside thinking about her being naked behind the curtain. After all the rule is she has to get naked in the change room. Anyways she tried on a couple of skirts and a deep v bra. She decided on the bra. A nice pink with her tan her tits looked amazing.

We left the store with the check mark and walked through the mall and crossed the street when we got to the escalator, Tracey went ahead of me and jumped in ahead of a couple of guys. She was about five feet ahead of them and I was right behind them. As she got on the escalator she dropped the bag her bra was in and she bent over to pick it up. I almost couldn't believe what I seen as I was completely caught of guard. When she bent over, she kept her knees straight, which caused her shirt to ride up. That made the crotch of sheer panties show and as a bonus they were wet already and the day had just started, it was almost like her panties weren't there. Her panties being wet made me wonder what she was thinking about.

I got off the escalator and I headed to the Bucks to get a coffee. The two guys stopped for a second to say something and she smiled. After she walked over to talk to me.

" Tracey your such a bad girl. How come your so wet? We just got here. " I said smiling.

" Well when we were in the store with the check mark, I was in the dressing room I got totally naked to model the stuff for you. Standing there naked with only a curtain between me and the people in the store was exciting especially because I didn't pull the curtain right closed. I left about six inches open. When I came out to show you, the guy that was the attendant was outside my cubicle every time. Not sure what he seen. It doesn't matter it still turned me on." She said with her sexy smile.

"Awesome now the rest of the time do the same thing. I love thinking about you being naked in the dressing rooms. You go ahead and In the mean time I am going to have my coffee. I will catch up to you down the mall. Unless you want coffee?"

" No I am going to keep going. Maybe you can catch up to me at the LLemon store. There isn't much between there and here that I am interested in. So see you there ok," She said, " Love you. "

She comes to give me a kiss and I slid my hands up her skirt and felt her pussy. It was wet and warm.

She just smiled and turned and burned. So I sat drinking my coffee for probably fifteen minutes thinking about how lucky I am to have such a horny woman like Tracey. I then headed for L Lemon. When I got there I walked in looking for Tracey and there was a few people in there roaming around. Tracey was there talking with a guy looking at clothes. So I decided to just stand back and see what was up. I was trying to figure if he was an employee or a customer. She headed towards the change rooms and to my surprise him in tow. I moved a little closer about two racks away and pretended to be looking. Tracey turned and looked right at me and smiled. She pulled back the curtain.

The attendant said, " Would you like your husband to go in with you?"

Tracey hesitated slightly before saying , " Yes I would and took the guy by the hand and they disappeared behind the curtain. " She looked straight at me again with a huge smile.

So here I am watching my wife go into a change room with a strange guy , knowing full well that she is getting naked, seeing as I told her to. I was getting so horny , I couldn't believe it. I grabbed some shorts and went to try them on. I got the next change room but could not hear anything. As I came out of the change room I seen the lady bring her some skirts to try on and as Tracey opened the curtain and in the mirror I could see she was naked but I could not see him.

I went and looked around for a couple of minutes and then I seen them leave the change room . So I slipped out of the store and sat on the planter outside. They went to the till and payed for some stuff and then they came out together and headed down the mall. As they went by she winked at me. I also noticed Tracey didn't have a bra on anymore. They walked down to the Secrets store with his hand on her shoulder. Tracey is 5'3" so with him beside her he looked to be around 6'. He had short blonde hair and looked like was a tennis player or something. I wondered down behind them by a couple of minutes.

I was jealous and horny , I couldn't believe what was happening. I mean our nice relaxing shopping day has turned into one horny one. Not complaining because I enjoy a good surprise. By the time I got down there they were in the store already. I sat outside on another planter. I could see them in there looking at lingerie. Then they headed to the change room, so I moved to get a better look. I wondered into the store and started to browse. Tracey went into the dressing room and about a minute later she sent me a text of her standing naked in the change room. A few minutes later she sent me a pic of her in a baby doll nightie with no panties. Then I seen her come out and model it for the guy.

I was so fucking horny. She sent a pick of her in a pair of panties and bra. So sexy and then she walked out to show him. I am sure he must have been going crazy. She went back into the room. Then she came out and headed to the cashier. I went back outside and sat on the planter again.

They came out and went next door to the Last Chance place. I watched then go inside with his arm around her. They headed in and I followed as they headed for the dresses. They spent time looking and then picked three dresses and headed to the change room. When they got to the dressing rooms Tracey went in and was followed by him.

All of a sudden my phone buzzes so I answered. She has face timing me, not sure if it was a butt dial or on purpose. I couldn't see anything at first then I guess she moved and I could see the mirror. There she was standing taking her t shirt off. He then helped her out of her skirt.

He said,, " Let me help you with those panties and he reached out and pulled them down. " They hit the floor and she stepped out of them.

She replied, " Hey why don't you keep those, if you want. "

She stood in front him and told him to stand up, she then pulled his shorts down and got on her knees, took hold of his cock. I could hardly see what she was doing but her pussy was looking so wet and juicy in the mirror. I could here her slurping so I knew what she was up to. She spent a minute doing him and then stood up and kissed him.

Then she tried the three dresses on and they looked fantastic. All were sexy sundresses one was a slip dress that you could see everything through, a peasant dress with no sleeves and a dress with buttons up the front with spaghetti straps. She then got naked again and walked to him sitting on the bench and bent over and stroked his dick. She bent over to pick something up, he then grabbed her from behind and pulled her to him. He slid his cock into her wet juicy pussy, at the same time he reached around and started massaging her tits. She rode him for a short time and then stood up and said you can't come in me I don't want it running down my leg.

She turns around and grabs his cock again and starts sucking like crazy. She deep throats his roughly seven inches. Very shortly after he explodes in her mouth which I didn't see but heard. I did see her gorgeous wet pussy though.

By now the attendant has returned but I don't think they knew it.Tracey put her t shirt and skirt on. They came out of the room and the look on the attendant's face was priceless. They headed to the till, so I headed outside. I got out there and she texted me. ' Meet me at Buck's '.

So I headed back to Buck's and waited for her. About ten minutes later she shows up with a bunch of bags. She came up to me and gave me a big kiss. She said, "Let's go," So we left and headed back to the car.

" So what was that , dear? That was a big surprise and a good one. " I said with a smile.

" Well it was such a turn on. I guess when I went up the escalator, I thought I would give you a treat and bend over but he was behind you and seen my show. He said he had noticed me before but me bending over was what really got his interest. He decided he need to get to know me and didn't realize I was with you. Then those two guys I was trying to tease stopped to talk and thanked me but they were married and meeting there wives other wise they wanted to go for coffee. Then I talked to you. I got to the L Lemon and started looking at clothes and he started talking to me. He had said he wanted to buy his wife something nice and was looking for help," She said all giddy.

" So you bought that did you. I wonder how many times that works, " I laughed.

" Well at first I thought maybe but he did buy something for her. We were looking and I found some stuff to try on so I asked him if he wanted me to try on stuff for him. He said sure so we grabbed the things he liked and headed to the change rooms. Well when we got there the lady asked if my husband wanted to go in with me," She said nervously.

We got to the car and loaded her bags in the trunk and I am thinking how much did she spend. We will talk about it later I guess, I was thinking.

" Yes I heard that and I was jealous because I would have loved it to have been me, " I said chuckling.

" So I grabbed his hand and said yes. We got in there and he was flabbergasted and shocked, so I asked him if he wanted to leave. Meanwhile I took my shirt off. He sat there an I took my bra of right in front of his face and handed to him to put in his pocket. I was remembering that by you orders I had to get naked in there. I then got him to take my skirt and panties off. So I was standing naked in front of him and I turned around to pick up a pair of shorts. He grabbed my hips and pulled me to him and buried his face in my pussy. His tongue was amazing he sucked on my pussy lips. He reached my nipples started pulling on them and massaging them. Then he grabbed them and squeezed. All of a sudden the lady asked if she could help. So I jumped up and asked her to get me a couple of other things. " She said with a shy smile.

It was about five and we were almost back to the hotel. Tracey was all giddy and excited.

" I can't believe how much fun it was. My heart was pounding the whole time. He was very nice and not hard to look at. I got dressed and we came out and I figured we better buy something. Then we went to Secrets and I was so horny it was crazy. I think it was because it was just so unexpected. Anyways we picked out some teddies, a couple of bras and some thongs. I tried on the teddies which I could see you watching and a couple of other guys and that is why I wore no panties. When I came out a couple of guys just nodded and being the Hotwife I am I smiled and said thanks, " She said laughing.

"We went to the Last Chance place and found three nice dresses. I went to the dressing rooms and he just followed me so I tried to set my phone up for you but have no idea what you seen," She said.

" I could see pretty much everything in the mirror. When you were blowing him I had an awesome view of your pussy. It was amazing looking at my phone and seeing what was going on in the dressing room. It looks like you took very good care of him, " I said with a big smile.

" I told him he could take pics but none of my face. So I seen some of them and they are good. The one with my face you can't tell because I am to busy sucking his cock which was around seven inches because I could swallow the whole thing. It was just a lot of fun also he took a close up of my wet pussy which even made me wetter. He does have my number, so we will see if I hear from him," She said with that horny look.

By now we are in the parking lot and unloading the car and heading into the hotel. We got back to the room with all of Tracey's bags.

" So I am afraid to ask, how much was the hit on the credit card, " I asked?

" None , he said his treat. I guess he had fun because he would not let me pay. He was very kind and he asked what I was up to later. I told him we were going to Rick's Lounge. He really was a nice guy and I am hoping he stops by the bar. I am hungry though so I think we should go for supper soon."

" I think we should get cleaned up and have a nap and off we go, maybe have a snack," I said.

" Ok you shower and nap and I will shower and get ready." She leaned over and kissed me.

I jumped in the shower and then laid down to nap. I guess in the mean time Tracey showered and started to get ready. I woke up to her sucking my cock, she licked up and down it's shaft. She didn't take long before she had my full attention. She looked up at me, those sparkling eyes were up to something. It wasn't long after when I came and she swallowed the hole load.

She started to get ready, did her hair and makeup then she put on her dress. It was a mauve slip dress with a deep v neck, spaghetti straps and a low back. Apparently no bra which just wouldn't look good and no panties. That was quick. Her nipples looked amazing in that dress. You could see the bumps on her areoles.

" Looking awesome gorgeous, that dress is amazing.. I guess we should go and have a bite to eat and a couple of drinks. "

She replied, "This is one of the dresses he bought. Do you like how it makes my tits look? I guess that's a silly question. I think I will take my sweater."

"Yup love it but by the way what is his name? I don't want to call him that guy. He's has great taste in tits, dresses and women. By the way your tits look amazing in that dress. The mauve with your tan alone is enough for a hard on ." I replied maliciously.

"His name is Robert." She said with a big smile.

She put her sweater on and off we went to Rick's lounge. We walked the block to get there chatting about the day. Tracey wondered if he would show up not that he was invited but she did say where we were going for supper. We got here in just a few minutes.

We went to the lounge and sat at the bar and ordered a couple of drinks. Tracey coconut rum and orange juice and me a bourbon neat. We ordered a couple of appetizers and sat chatting. I kept facing her with my hand on her leg moving it up and down right to her pussy. She just sat there talking to me and the bartender while I played let's see if she blinks. The bartender seemed to have trouble making eye contact which just made Tracey even more interested in him and so were her nipples.

We sat there for about two hours and was just thinking of leaving when guess who comes in. I seen him coming but Tracey didn't because after four drinks she was to busy flirting with the bartender. He just stood at the other end of the bar so our bartender Rod excused himself and went over to him to get his order. Tracey gave me a kiss and I said you should look behind you but remember I don't know him and that is probably why he hasn't come over. So I suggest you figure away to talk to him and tell him I know everything.

Tracey turned to look, Rod was just taking Robert his drink. She looked at Robert and yelped,"Hey Robert!" And she slid off the bar stool and her dress went just about to her waist showing her gorgeous white pussy to anyone watching. Which Robert for one made eye contact with her pussy and so did every guy on that side of the bar and some of the ladies. Tracey went over and gave him a kiss and hug.

"So you found us," She said, "I was hoping you would come by. Come I will introduce you to Dick." She takes his hand brings him to our end of the bar. "This is Dick , Dick this is Robert. "

We both said how nice it was to meet you.

"I wasn't sure if you wanted me to come by, seeing as your married. I thought though if I sat at the end of the bar you might just ignore me, mind you I was hoping you would be glad to see me. He said with a laugh. You do know how to make a guy welcome."

" I was hoping you would come, don't worry Dick knows everything and is cool. He is one awesome husband. He lets me get away with what I do. " She laughed.

We had a couple of drinks I noticed he had his hand on Tracey's thigh and I had mine on the other. She seemed to be enjoying it. She was flirting with Robert, Rod and me. She was forever rubbing a boob on my arm or Robert's. After awhile or more like three drinks Tracey suggested we go back to our hotel and head for the hot tub. Tracey was pretty tipsy by now I suspect pretty horny.

"So do you guys think it's hot tub time? I would like a hot tub and a drink." She says with pretty sly smile.

"Robert said I would like that but I have no trunks. I can sit and watch. "

"I am game but I think it closes at ten so we will send Tracey to negotiate. We can go across the street and get some booze and go to our room. If not," I said.

"Ok let's go, I'll go across the street and grab some drinks for the room," I said.

Robert replied, "Ok Tracey and I will pick you up there."

So I got up and walked across the street and went to the liquor store. I grabbed some crown royal coolers and some banana strawberry coolers. When I came out I found Tracey and Robert making out.

It was ten fifteen when we got to the hotel, so technically the hot tub was closed.

Tracey said, "You guys go to the hot tub and I will meet you there.I am going to see Taz, the night manager to make sure we are ok."

I replied, "Sounds good, we'll get some ice and cups and head to the tub."

We gathered everything up and I changed to my trunks and Robert just left his clothes, other than his boxer shorts, in our room. We grabbed the cooler and some towels. We got out there and climbed in the hot tub. We both had a crown and we were on second before Tracey came out of our room, which is Poolside. We watched her as she walked across the pool deck in her white bikini top that was pretty sheer and her sheer white g string panties she wore with it.

As she came up I asked, "So what's up, you where awhile getting here and did he say it was ok."

She was laughing, as she said,"We are good, I asked Taz and he said there was no problem as long as we didn't get loud. I told him I was very quite and he blushed. He said there was two cameras on the tub an he would be checking to see if we were ok. He also said if someone came to the tub we would have allow them in. I said I wanted to thank him if it was ok. He said no need but I took his hand and I went around the counter still making sure the security camera was on us. I took his cock out of his shorts and started sucking it, then I pulled the top of my dress down and then took his hard and slippery cock between my tits. He started pumping and just as he was going to come I grabbed his cock and started stroking and sucking. Then all just like magic he blew his load in my mouth and he just kept coming. I stood up and I guess he noticed cum on my chin and wiped it off. "

"You are so good when your so bad. Here's one of your strawberry banana cooler. Your awesome, "I said smiling.

Robert said with a big smile,"I hope he didn't tire you out. "

She just smiled and got in the tub and then stood up. She stood there on the step with her see through suit and turned and waved at the camera. She sat across from Robert and I was sitting on the edge of the tub beside her. Robert jumped a little when she put her foot between his legs. We just sat talking about the day.

Robert was saying, " I first seen Tracey when she bent over on the escalator and thought I would try and meet her. Seeing her with you I thought at first you were together until she left you there. Then I thought ok maybe she is alone. "

Tracey got up and took her top off and handed it to me. Then she stood on the seat beside Robert and waited for him to take panties off. She threw them to me and then sat on his lap. She started kissing and he started playing with her boobs.

Tracey whispered,"I see your happy to see all of me. I need you to take your shorts off. I want your cock , you need to finish what you stared earlier.Dick you need to take yours off too."

We both got up and took them off. I slid into the water and Robert sat back down and slid forwards, then Tracey straddled him. She slid slowly down on his cock and started to slowly ride him. She was taking her time. She then got up and walked to me and told me to sit on the edge, she then took my rock hard cock and put it in her mouth and started sucking and licking , then started massaging my balls. Robert grabbed her hips and inserted his cock into her pussy and started humping her from behind. Robert started pounding away and came first but it wasn't long after that I blew my load.

We were sitting talking about how much fun the day was and contemplating going to the room. As we were thinking about it, two younger guys came into the tub area.

Tracey made no effort to cover herself, in fact she stood up to welcome them.

Tracey introduced us," This is Robert, Dick and I am Tracey. Nice to meet you. "

The first guy said, " He is Bob and I am Liam. We were watching you guys from our balcony and thought we would come see up close. Hope you don't mind, we just got so horny watching. Is it ok to come in?"

Meanwhile Tracey is sitting between Robert and I gently stroking our dicks. She looks at both of us and whisperers. "What do you guys think? I think it could be fun. "

Robert replies with a smile,"As long it is ok with Dick it is ok with me, as long as you don't ignore us. "

Tracey with a big smile says quietly, "Ok fun times, guys. "

She looks at the guys standing there and says in a deep sultry voice. " I you guys are coming in here , while I'm in here, you need to drop your shorts, now. '

" Yes Ma'am, "They replied in unison. Then the boys dropped their shorts.

"Now stand on the steps,"Tracey ordered.

The boys stood on the steps and Tracey came up to them and inspected their already half erect cocks. As she picks the two cocks up and looks at them she starts to rub them up and down.

She looks up at the guy with his cock in her right hand, "You have a real hammer here but both you guys have sprung a leak. "She takes and licks the precum of their dicks like they were ice cream cones. She then takes and rubs there cocks up against her tits. She was enjoying ever moment and the boys looked like they had died and gone to heaven.

"Ok you boys sit on the edge of the pool. She then turns and comes over to us. I need you guys to take care of my back. " She said as she gave each of us a kiss.

The boys went and sat on edge of the tub and Tracey walked over and put a cock in each hand. She took the hammer and put in her mouth and stroked the other one. Robert came up behind her and entered her from behind and started pumping her hard and fast and again came pretty quickly.

She then turned and got us to sit on the edge of the tub and instructed hammer boy to screw her from behind. He grabbed her by the hips and drove his cock into Tracey hard and fast, she kept gasping every time he thrust. She was trying to stroke and suck our cocks but big boy in the back had most of her attention. I think Robert and I came more from watching Tracey get nailed by that huge cock. The look on her face was priceless. She then laid him on his back and slid down on his cock and then asked his buddy if he like anal. He jumped at the chance and lubed his cock wit the cum running out of her pussy. He slowly eased his cock in her ass and she moaned loudly. The boys started to pump and soon after unloaded in her. The three of them just rolled on to the deck. Tracey decided it was time for us to go to our room. First she liked the hammer clean and gave them both a kiss.

We went to our room with Robert and the boys went to theirs. Tracey and Robert laid on the bed and Robert started to softly stroke her body and she just laid there with come leaking from her ass and her pussy. I laid down on the other side of her and started fondling her. We both started sucking a boob. I was playing with her nipple with my tongue. We were running our hands up and down her thighs. At the same time we pulled her knees apart, exposing her dripping pussy. She was just laying there limp and enjoying being touched. We both grabbed a pussy lip and started rolling in our fingers. They were so juicy and we stretched them and Tracey started moaning. I moved out of the way an Roberto rolled over on top of her and inserted his dick in her and started slowly pumping. Tracey put her arms around him and locked her legs around his ass. Not long after he tenses up as he cums. He rolled off of her and she was moaning with her eyes closed. I waited a couple of minutes and then it was my turn. I rolled onto her and slid my cock into her and she put her arms and her legs around me. I came pretty quickly and Tracey whispered in my ear,"I love you so much. "

All night when Robert or I woke up we would roll on top of her and fuck her, to the point we were both shooting blanks. At times Tracey's pussy looked like water fall with all cum running out of it. The three of us slept on and off all night.


DAY 3 FRIDAY

We woke up in the morning and Tracey had a shower and put on a tank top and a pair of booty shorts and the three of us went for breakfast. Robert and I talked golf and I agreed to play in a Texas scramble on Saturday. Robert then went on his way and we went to our room. When we got there Tracey pushed me on the bed and attacked me. She pulled my dick out and started riding but She wouldn't allow me to finish.

" I want you to save it for later. Now l am going out to the pool. "

Tracey went out to the pool and laid down on one of the loungers to suntan and I walked to the liquor store to get more booze. Tracey had gone out in her white top from yesterday and a pair of panties that could pass for a suit. She no sooner got out by the pool and the boys showed up. Tracey nicknamed the guy with the hammer for a cock H. The other guy she called G as in guy. I don't think she remembered their names. She laid on her stomach and H asked if he could put lotion on her and she nodded yes. He proceeded to start at her feet and worked his way up her calfs to he knees and Tracey just spread her legs. He put more lotion on and up her thighs sliding his hands up the inside and rubbing his hand up against her wet pussy.

He then proceeded to the cheeks of her ass with his fingers sliding under her panties. He moved up her back and when he came to the ties on her top he just undid them and let them fall to the side. H rubbed lotion on her lower back and up to her shoulders.

The other guy asked her to roll over, so he could put lotion on the front. Tracey rolled over on her pack and stretched out. He started to put lotion on her feet and shins massaging as he went. As he got to her knees and thighs Tracey spread her legs and put her arms above her head. He started rubbing her thighs and worked his way up to her pussy.

Tracey says in her very nervous voice," I think I am going to call you Fingers. They are so powerful and seem to know just what I want. "

So now we have H as in the Hammer and Fingers , sounds like two mafia guys instead of two horny young guys.

In the mean time Fingers is massaging Tracey's hips and lower stomach and slides his hands under her panties. He continues working his hands up to her chest and looks at Tracey with her hands above her head. Her eyes were closed so he took her top off and began messaging her tits. He began playing with her nipples. He put lotion on her tits and messaged up to her neck.

Tracey started moaning and enjoying his touch. She was loving the sun shining on her tits, also having the boys stare at her. She laid there with the boys, tanning for an hour. Then she got up and put her top on and grabbed a float and jumped in the pool. Of course the boys jumped in also.

While they were swimming the boys were talking about wanting to go out that night seeing as it was their last day in town. They finally asked, " Hmmmmmm we were wondering if Dick would let you go out with us to a bar tonight? We want to go to the Copa."

"Well first of all Tracey doesn't ask permission but I will talk to Dick because he may have other plans. He should be back soon," She replied. Mind you she was getting pretty excited over the thought of going out with two guys combined age was about hers.

Well boys if we are going out tonight I need to get ready. With that she got out of the water and headed to our room. She was in the shower when I returned so I put the few things I bought away. Tracey came out of the shower and looking radiant in the sun shining through the window. Her silhouette was amazing.

"Hey your back!" She says as she jumps into my arms. "I missed you."

"Sure , you were hanging out with two young guys. You seem excited about something. " I said.

"Well the boys asked me out tonight to the Copa. I said I would talk to you and see what your thoughts are. I am nervous about going out with them, there so young." She said anxiously.

"Hmmmmmmm... what do you want to do? If you want to go then go. I will tag along and just watch from the bar but it's your choice."

"Ok I will phone the boys." Then she picked up the phone and punched in their number, talked a minute and turned around with a big smile. "They are really pumped to go out with me, I have a hunch my pussy is going to be wet all night. I think I need a nap."

"What time? "

"They want to go at around 9 and you are more than welcome to come too, so they ordered tickets or something. I do think they want me to themselves though."

"That's fine I will be the driver and just sit at the bar. You can do what ever you want. It's about you enjoying yourself." I said quietly. "Go have your nap."

Tracey laid down and had her nap for an hour then she got up and started getting ready for her date. She did her makeup and her hair, then she put on a mauve sheer top that had pockets covering her nipples. It was obvious that she had no bra on but the pockets were plenty big enough to cover nipples and areoles. She left buttons undone to her sternum and her blouse came down to just above her belly button. She put on some white sheer thong panties with a very small V and strings on the sides and the back. The white skirt she put on sat low on her hips and went to just below the middle of her thighs. It buttoned up the front to her waist just inline with the inside of her thigh. Then she put on high heel sandals.

We took a couple of coolers out to the patio and sat talking for a half hour. The boys, H and Fingers showed and both had white shirts and black pants.

"Ok guys I am going to drop you guys of and then park the car. After that I will come in the bar and find a spot where I can watch. I won't bug you guys unless you are pissing Tracey off. Really I am not worried about that. Let's have fun." I said.

"Tracey do we get to play with all those buttons?" H asked.

"For sure, that's what buttons are for. We are going to have fun boys." Tracey said smiling.

We went to the car and Tracey sat in the middle between H and Fingers. I drove them to the Copa and dropped them off then parked the car. I took my time walking to the bar as I wanted them to get settled. I get inside and look around trying to see where they were. Finally seeing them sitting at the bar half way down. Tracey was between the boys. Behind them were u shaped couches. I found a seat at the bar on the curve about six seats away.

I was sitting thinking Tracey's sheer blouse must look amazing from the couches behind her, with her bra less back and lots of side boob. She was getting lots of attention from the boys. She turned and slid off the stool and walked to ward me. She stopped for a moment, her blouse was undone all but one button just below her sternum. Her skirt was undone to her waist, then she continued past me. H was right behind her on the way to the dance floor.

They were dancing and H's hands were all over her. Tracey put her arms around his neck and his hands were on her hips. Wasn't sure who was grinding into who but it was hot. He slid his hands up underneath her blouse and Tracey started kissing him. When the dance ended Fingers came and cut in.

He was dancing a nice slow one and his hands were all over her ass and again not sure who was grinding who. He had slid his hand inside her skirt. When the song was over a guy that was sitting on the couch behind her, who had probably watched her slide of the stool and got a view of her sexy panties, got up and head to the dance floor. He cut in on fingers and stood talking to Tracey. The music started and they were dancing when he turned her around to face the boys and myself.

He started grinding up against her ass. He reached around and undid her last button on her blouse. He was running his hands on her torso and worked his way up to her tits. Tracey leaned back into him putting her hands over her head reaching back for him. He was massaging her tits and thumbing her nipples. He then slid one hand down to her pelvis and then his hand disappeared under her dress. All of a sudden he pulls her panties from under her skirt and Tracey went a little wild, she turned and started kissing him and grinding against his cock he spun her back around and continued grind his dick between her butt cheeks and molesting her tits. I looked over my shoulder and both boys chins were on the bar. After the song he walked her to the stool and helped her up on the stool. She didn't bother turning to face the bar, she stayed leaning on the bar. Both hands disappeared to the boys laps and both kind of jumped.

She sat there facing the couch guy with her legs spread and him and his buddies being at eye level with her pussy. Her blouse was undone and draped over her tits but the pockets no longer covered her nipples. The boys recovered and both reached a hand down between her legs and started to slide them up and down her thighs and rubbing her clit with there thumbs.

Tracey sat staring at couch guy and him back at her when he pulled her panties out of his pocket to show her. I believe she came on the spot. She then kissed both boys, then slid off the stool, walked across to couch boy leaned over exposing her tits and kissed him and he reached for both nipples and pulled them gently. She then stepped back winked and grabbed H and Fingers by the hands and headed for the door. I followed a minute or so later. The boys and Tracey were outside waiting. It was a short walk to the car.

"Fuck! That was soooooo... fucking hot," Said H excitedly. "I thought you were going to dump us but I could not stop watching."

"No boys as much as it may have been fun I always go home with the one who brought me. Besides when he was grinding his cock against my ass. I realized his cock was no where near the size of the Hammer's," She said with a laugh. "Besides I want that hammer between my legs tonight. "

It was a short ride to the hotel. We got there and Tracey said you guys go to the hot tub, I have to go see Taz. So we went and got the cooler and then we headed to the pool area.

She was gone maybe fifteen minutes. We seen her coming through the courtyard with her shirt wide open. She came into the pool area and took her shirt off and laid it on the lounger, then removed her skirt. I handed her a cooler and she chugged it while standing naked at the side of the pool. I handed her another and she slide into the tub.

"Taz says we are good, he will be watching to make sure we are okay." She said with a smile.

"He loved my blouse and especially my nipples ,also my nice shaved pussy. He stuck a finger in it and looked at me and smiled. He said looks like you had fun." She whispered to me. "He asked me, seeing as it was his day off tomorrow would I go to a pool party with him around noon. What do you think?"

"Sounds ok to me, I am going golfing tomorrow so you will have the day to yourself," I said with a smile.

"Well to night I want H's big cock in me... Only there another cooler?" She said as she drank the last one.

She sat on the edge of the tub and told Fingers to sit behind her. He sat on a cushion behind her, he put a leg down each side of her with his crotch up against her lower back. She leaned back so her shoulders where against Fingers chest. He reached around and started caressing her tits, gently running his fingers on her areoles and nipples. She looked gorgeous on the edge of the tub with her legs spread exposing her glistening pussy and in Fingers arms.

"Fingers seems your happy to see me or you have a banana in your pocket. Ok ok it's an old joke," She laughed, "This is so relaxing, this has been fun."

"So what was up with the guy in the bar," I asked,"He seemed really interested in you."

"Oh he was, apparently my pussy was at his eye level, he said it was hypnotizing, his words not mine. I really enjoyed the dance even if it cost me a pair of panties. He did make me cum."

H grabbed three drinks and stepped to the other side of the tub. Tracey and Fingers both took one, then he sat so he could run his hand on Tracey's thighs.

"That guy then pissed me off. He wanted me to dump the boys and party with him but I like these guys," She said with a smile.

"Thanks, I am glad you think that way," H said as he slid into the water and started kissing the inside of Tracey's knees.

"Besides when he was grinding my ass, i realized his cock was no match for H's and in fact either of you guys." Tracey said with a smile.

By now H has worked his way halfway up her thighs. Fingers is still fondling her tits. H has got to her pussy and is licking it. Tracey has stopped talking and is now very limp in Fingers arms. She has her head back on his chest, eyes closed and is starting to breathe heavy.

Watching Tracey, she looked so beautiful naked sitting on the edge of the tub in Fingers arms and H eating her pussy.

"I need that fucking big hammer of yours now H. Please!" Tracey exclaimed.

H stood up and grabbed his cock and started rubbing the end on her pussy. He pushed a little and he got the head inside.

"Ram that cock of yours into my pussy H. I want that cock of yours now!" Tracey said loudly.

H pushed harder and got it half way in then drew it back and hammered it home right to the hilt. Tracey winced in pain and started moaning as H pounded away and Fingers continued his attack on Tracey's tits by pulling her nipples. It didn't take long before H started coming , he would push and hold her by the hips then relax and then push again. You could see the cum running down to her ass.

Tracey turned around and pushed Fingers down pulled his shorts down and mounted his cock. She rode him hard until he came. She got up and cum was running down her thigh. She laid on the lounger looking at the three of us. We sat having a drink and then Tracey said I want the three of you to cum on me. So she grabbed H's cock and started sucking while she started stroking Fingers cock. I grabbed her hips and entered her sloppy wet pussy and stated pumping. It wasn't long before I was ready to cum. I pulled out and started to stroke my cock until I started to cum all over her tits and stomach. Then Fingers came and shot his load over her pussy, her stomach and all the way to her tits. I thought I blew a load but Fingers made me look like an amateur. Tracey just laid there watching and then H exploded all over her, he hosed her down from her face to her pussy and thighs. We looked at her covered in cum. She smiled and started rubbing the cum into her skin,. Her tits , her stomach, her thighs even her face then she licked her fingers.

We were standing there when the sprinklers went off , so Tracey went and stood in them and washed the cum off her. She then squatted over a sprinkler and washed her pussy. After she finished she gave the boys hugs and kisses and headed to our room. I stopped to talk to the boys.

"Well we are leaving tomorrow morning at ten , to go to the airport. " H said.

" if you guys want a ride come by the room at nine thirty and I will drive you to the airport." I offered.

"Awesome Dick, thanks." Said H

I headed for our room and when I got to the gate there was Tracey with the security guard again. He had one hand on her ass the other on her tits and kissing her with Tracey's arms around his neck.

"So what's up. Are you guys having fun," I said laughing.

" I just thought I would help make his night interesting," Tracey slurred , she was pretty drunk. " I wanted him to put his cuffs on me. I really do want those cuffs. "

"Thanks Cuffs for taking care of her," I said.

"Come on Tracey, let's go to bed." I said as we headed of to our room.
