First Show
by KnightlySeducer

Loving wife decides a few extra eyes are alright.

It had taken a while, but finally we had been able to arrange a day off together. Many emails, IMs, and lots of wishing were at last coming together. It would be Wednesday, and it was up to me to find a safe place, somewhere no one knew us or was likely to. It was a drive for both of us, to be sure, but the large tourist town an hour away seemed the safest bet. The combination of distance and the fact that there were plenty of tourists would make it very unlikely that we would be recognized, as well as assuring that a hotel room would be available and reasonably priced.

I had to run a business trip over that direction on Tuesday, and that would let me find a place and get my lover a note as to where to meet me the next day. I got off the interstate at what I knew to be a fairly busy hotel strip and began to look for something nice. We'd been lovers for nearly three years, and our times together were too infrequent and never as nice as I would like to give her. There were trysts in the back of cars like teenagers, a couple times we'd run off to the bushes, only occasionally did we get to actually get a room and have a real bed. Darn, it seemed there was always building going on around here, making traffic a real pain and looking for a hotel rather a challenge. Glance here and there, watch for some idiot stopping in the road. Then a thought hit me. I began to look more specifically, a plan hatching already. Sure enough, within five minutes I found a hotel that was perfect. Two stories, and with an outside breezeway. I drove around, looking at room numbers, and selected one I thought would be just right. At midday, there weren't many cars in the lot, and I could see that the cleaning crew was moving along the bottom floor with their carts. I went inside and asked if I could have the room I had selected for tomorrow. The young kid at the desk said it would be no problem, and I handed him the cash and got a receipt. After telling him I'd be by in the morning to get the key, I asked if there was a copy center nearby. He directed me to the next block over, and down two streets. I got back in my car and sat there for about ten minutes, watching the nearby activity. Yeah, I thought, this is going to be perfect. I took out my note pad and then headed to the copy center.....

Christine was right on time, as usual. We didn't get the time together we felt we deserved, so when we did get time together we used every minute of it. I'd sent her a note the previous afternoon telling her the hotel I had selected and what time I could be there. She seemed genuinely pleased that I had selected something in a town both of us were unknown, and had even said maybe we could have some real fun. I stood at the window watching her pull up and I knew immediately when she got out of the car this was going to be a very good day. She was wearing a short denim skirt that that showed off her fantastic legs, a clingy scooped neck tee, and the most fantastic come-fuck-me stilettos I'd seen in a long time. She had the figure of a goddess, and I'd often wondered what she saw in me, but whatever it was, I was sure as hell glad she did. She bent in to get out her handbag, and the skirt rode up nicely on her perfect firm ass. Several of the workers on the new hotel being constructed across the parking lot were already eying her, tapping each other and nodding in her direction. There must have been a cat call or two, I couldn't hear from inside, but she turned and looked in their direction and then came walking toward the staircase leading to the second floor. There seemed to be a little extra oomph in her walk, she certainly liked being appreciated. Seconds later, there was a light tap on the door.

We greeted each other with the passion that marked our love, greedily taking each other in our embrace and kissing like there was no tomorrow.... Finally, we broke, and I just stood there marveling at her beauty. I knew she had a bra on, but the thin lace did not conceal her obvious excitement as her erect nipples fought to be free of the bindings. She smiled as she tossed her bag on the table and sat seductively on the edge of the bed facing me, still standing near the door.

"I see the drapes are open" she said, staring mischievously right at me.

"Well, you said maybe, if the place and time were right...." I trailed off, trying to read her look.

She didn't say a word, but stood and motioned me to her. We met hard and kissed deeply, our hands all over each other. I loved the fact that she did as much exploration and caressing as I did, and she loved to feel my body as much as I did hers. She tugged at my shirt as I kissed her neck, letting her head fall back. Planting light kisses along her smooth, warm skin, I could feel her breathing change and sensed that she was giving me an okay to continue on.

I turned to glance out, and she caught my face with her hand.

"No peeking. I'll describe to you if anyone is looking, but you cannot check to see yourself."

"I want to see you being admired. To see the lust..." I began.

"Then close the drapes. Or do as I say and they can stay open"

She knew my stronger desire was to have her seen, to let me show her off, to have us seen making love. I was in her spell and readily agreed to continue without saying a word. I pulled at her top, and she did not resist as the thin tank came off over her head revealing a delicate turquoise lace bra, her areola clearly visible and her nipples hard, standing straight out, and deliciously teasing me.

I wrapped my arms around her, turning her back to the windows as I continued to plant kisses on her neck and nibble on her earlobe. I knew she loved this, and her hands were on my ass pulling me close. Mine soon were on her ass too, feeling the marvelous firm curve of her perfect bottom through the denim fabric. She dug her fingers into me as I pulled up the bottom of the skirt, and pressed herself against my stiffening cock.

"Are they looking?" she whispered.

"Oh hell yeah" I said, very aroused.

She pressed her hips forward, grinding her mons against my stiff cock, and said "You're liking this, aren't you? You're really turned on showing me off"

"Fuck yes" I said, barely controlling my enthusiasm.

"Well, I said no looking." With that, she swung me around, so my back was to the window now.

"Take off my bra, and then kneel down and start on my pussy...." she purred. I complied, undoing her bra and letting it slide down her arms. I trailed after the now released cups, sucking at her hard nipples as they sprung forward. She was hot, wanton and watched me as I took each breast in my mouth and licked her puffy beige nipples.

"I'm sure your head is in their way" she said. "Get to work on my skirt, get it off." Then she added, "Spend a little time doing that...."

I looked up as I worked on her skirt, and she was playing with her breasts, tweaking and pulling on her nipples.

"Your friends seem to be enjoying this." she said as she lifted each breast and licked her swollen teats. "Now, why do you suppose it looks like a couple of them have, yep, it looks like they just happen to have binoculars."

My heart jumped. I hadn't thought she would be quite that observant, and I feared she'd call this off, my stiff cock never to be sated.

As I was about to speak, she added.... "I hope they are getting a good view and can see how hard my nipples are."

Her reaction sent me deeper into this magical place, and I pulled her skirt down, her panties aside, and shoved my tongue between her legs as deeply as I ever had. Her deep breathe spoke volumes, and she moved her legs slightly to give me better access. She fell back on the bed and practically yelled for me to pull her panties off. Then she scooted back and angled slightly toward the window.

"Come eat me" she commanded.

Her legs opened as I buried my face in the most fabulous pussy I had ever known. Christine has a marvelous, thick patch of light brown hair, neatly trimmed and shaved clean around her labia. Ohmigod, her labia! They are large, delicate, and always moist, inviting hours of licking and sucking, the ambrosial taste and intoxicating aroma always carrying me to Nirvana.

"They seem to approve" she whispered. I couldn't believe how turned on I was, and I looked around to see ten or twelve construction workers peering hungrily at us from about 100 feet away, at least half of them with binoculars. I confess, I had left notes on all the cars I found at the site the day before simply saying to beg, borrow, or steal binoculars and have them trained on Room 216 tomorrow about 10. I had figured the worst thing that would happen is that a bunch of guys would be disappointed or confused, but had hoped exactly for this. And yet, it had me more aroused than I had imagined. By the moisture flowing from between Christine's legs, it seems to have had a very positive effect on her too.

"You looked."

"I.., um..., just as glance" I pleaded.

"Get up this second!" she yelled, pushing at me with her arms and legs. My heart sank, as did my cock. Standing at the edge of the bed, she continued to lie there, looking at me. "You want them to look at me, don't you?"

"Yes" I confessed sheepishly. "I have no idea why it turns me on so much, but yeah, I do want them to see you."

She smiled. "I know" and with that, she spread her legs right toward the window, running her fingers between her full, engorged labia and right over her very protruding clit. "But, I told you couldn't look, and you did."

"I'm sorry, I .."

"No" she said holding her hand up. "Go to my bag. I have the blindfold there. If we are going to continue, you have to wear it."

I was completely aroused. Here was this mesmerizing goddess, naked and showing herself to ten or twelve strangers and telling me to blindfold myself. I wanted so badly to see their expressions, but also wanted this to go on even if I could not see. She lay there, crossed her legs and rolled away from the window. I could almost hear the groan of disappointment from the next building. I spilled out the contents of her bag, finding the blindfold I had bought her months ago. She patted the bed and said "Come over here and put it on."

I walked to the bed, slipped the elastic over my head and in blackness lay on the bed. Christine directed me to lie across the bed. My hands found her body, and I began to try to orient myself. She had the advantage, and in an instant had my limp cock in her hands.

"They can see quite clearly" she said. "I think we should show them how much I like cock." With that she began to caress and stroke my cock, lick my balls, and take my cock in her mouth. She would lick and suck for a bit, then describe to me how the guys were looking at her. In no time, my cock was again very hard, ready for much more. Christine would go down for several strokes and then again look up. She moved, and placed her very wet pussy over my mouth, 69ing me, and I greedily lapped at her warm juices. The commentary continued, and I was totally wrapped up in her telling me that three guys in particular seemed very attentive.

Then she got out of the bed! My heart stopped again... I was disoriented. "What's happening?" I asked very concerned.

"Nothing," she said, "just saying hi to our admirers."

"What?!"

"Silly, just waving, so they know it's okay to watch."

"Are you standing there in front of the window?"

"Yes, squeezing my tits and rubbing my pussy. And waving. Oh, the blonde guy seems to like that. I think I can see several hard-ons from here." She giggled. "If only I had binoculars too. Or if they were closer. I'd like to see the effect I was having."

"Christine" I whispered, aroused and frustrated, my cock aching for her touch and relief "what's happening?"

She sat on the bed and started to stroke my cock. "I think a couple of them really like the show." Her mouth went over me again, licking and sucking. For several minutes, she gently teased me, cupping my balls, raking her hand over my chest, lost in us.

"Oh my!" she said with an obvious start when she at last released my hard shaft and looked out.

"What?" I asked, hardly caring at this point.

"Um, nothing. I think I'll go for a money shot" she said. "I'm so damn horny, want these guys to really see me good. I'm going to put my ass toward the window and do you" she continued as I felt her move off the bed. She has the most fantastic legs and this extremely erotic way of bending right from the waist, with her legs apart, that gives a truly seductive and just fucking hot view of her great ass and pussy. I felt her hair against my pubes and her mouth went over the head of my cock. I could imagine the view these guys were getting, probably wishing they had brought more powerful telescopes or something. My cock was pulsing with excitement and the expert head Christine was giving. She bobbed up and down for several minutes, holding me just short of cumming. I could hear her own moaning, knowing that she was excited too.

She stopped, and said "You want to fuck me, don't you?"

I nearly cried "yes."

"You want to fuck me, don't you?" she yelled.

"Yes!" I screamed back. I heard an echo.

She giggled again, a hot, throaty, aroused laugh, and I felt her climbing on the bed.

She said very distinctly and, I thought, overly loud "I want to see your cocks"

I laughed as I felt her stirring above me "Sweetie, I don't think that's going to happen."

"Who knows" she laughed. She straddled me, facing toward the window, and slowly worked my cock between her dripping pussy lips, easing herself down onto me. All the way down. "Yeah" she said. "that's nice. Very nice" I could only reply, "You are in charge."

She laughed again. "I know, I know"

She bobbed up and down on me, burying my cock all the way into her warm channel. "Oh, nice, nice" she murmured, moving very slowly on me. "Yes. Work it. Yeeessss" she said lustily, and I could tell by her motion that she was using her hand to rub her own clit as she rode me.

"Are they still watching?" I asked.

"Oh god yes!"

"Can they see what you are doing? Do you think they can see you rubbing your clit?"

"Fuck yes!!" she cried as she bounced on me. "I have my pussy pulled open and am fingering my clit for them. There are smiles, leers, hard cocks...." she trailed off. "They can see everything, yyyeeeessss."

I was lost in a mysteriously turned on, fantastically aroused place as I felt the tension build in her, a small rippling, building in intensity as her most sensuous muscles gripped me. The orgasm overcame both of us, as her motion and the thought of her being watched brought me to the edge.

"I'm about to cum" I moaned.

"Cum! Fill me!" she hollered as the rippling sensation grew between her legs and spread over her entire body. "Ooooooooooohhhhh" she screamed. I felt the shudder and wave after wave washing over her as never before while I unloaded myself into her. It seemed to go on for several minutes, low purrs emanating from within her. Her bouncing stopped and she held my spent cock in her, and I listened to her breathe deeply.

"Oh my god" she said. "Oh my god....."

I fell out of her as she moved to dismount me, pleasantly covered with our combined juices. She practically jumped off the bed and said over her shoulder "I have to pee."

I lay there for a second, and then peeled off the blindfold she'd had me wearing the whole time. It took a second or two for my eyes to adjust as I peered out the bright window across to the building with the workers. My smug smile turned to a look of confusion. No one was there.... I had expected to see the ten or twelve guys still staring through binoculars, but they were all gone.

"Ah, Christine?"

She called out "Please close the drapes, the rest of the day is going to be for just us."

"Yeah, but you said they were watching and...."

"Close the drapes silly."

I got out of the bed, still very confused and moved to the window to close the drapes. That's when I noticed ten or twelve guys walking away from our building, all backslapping each other and holding up cell phones showing each other something on the various screens. Just then, one of them looked back in my direction, right at our window. He smiled and gave me a thumbs up.

"Christine????"
