	It was a typical Wednesday, until he stopped in. From the minute he walked in the door, I had a feeling that it wasn't going to be a normal visit.  We caught up on all that had happened in the few weeks since I had last seen him, safe normal topics of conversation for some adults to be having in public. Then somehow snapchat came up. Snapchat is what changed it all ...
	I live in a world with technology, that I avoid on a regular basis, and have no idea what snapchat is. I've since learned all about these picture messages that only last for 5 seconds. Great plan ... some big company is making millions of dollars so young kids can sext with out their parents ever knowing. But ... snapchat changed my life. I guess it's hard to hate something that brings so much joy.
	Right before he went home it all changed. I just hear "Hey, come here I want to show you something." Well ... that something was a penis picture. A conversation about sexting, and snapchat led to penis pictures amongst friends. To say that I was slightly surprised would be an understatement. I am pretty certain my jaw dropped, and then ... he was gone.
	After processing this all for a little while I was more confused than ever. He used to be married to my friend. I shouldn't be thinking about him like that. I shouldn't be thinking about him at all. But think I did. Finally I had to text him. 
I had to at least tell him I was impressed.
	Impressed would be an understatement if ever there was one. I had to have it, I wanted to taste it. I refused to be deterred in my now overwhelming quest. The rest of the night was spent in a flurry of texting.  A confession of desires, hopes, dreams, all rolled in to 3  hours of intense stimulation.
	Sitting at the bar with my girlfriends for all of it was a challenge. They could all tell that something was up. They all ignored it for a while and let me go about my texting. You couldn't miss the guilty little smiles though. Just looking at me was a dead give away that I was up to something.
	He was perfect. He knew all the right things to say to make the desire worse. His timing was exactly right, just the right amount of pause between messages to make you crave more. I knew he had to go to bed soon, and I was going to be left sitting at a bar, dripping wet, just waiting to hear what he had to say next. The anticipation was unbearable.
	As the night went on I learned more about him. His desires, his likes, all the things he wanted to learn. I was hooked. Finally he had to go to bed and I had to leave the bar. The combination of the pulsing vibrations from the bass, and the conversation had me on edge. I was terrified that I was either going to cum sitting at a bar from no contact what so ever, or I was going to end up leaving a wet spot on a bar stool. Either way it was time to go home.
	Once home I rushed up stairs to my bed, and read the text he sent on the while I was on the way. "Making me rock hard again! I want to pull your hair as I slide my throbbing cock in your ass, and start to pound you faster, and faster til the sheets are drenched! Fuck. I will never sleep now." I felt the same way, I had to take care of the fire that had been burning in me for hours, if I was ever going to get some sleep. I started slowly running my fingers over my rock hard nipples. They were begging for attention, needing someone to nip at them ever so gently. Just enough pain to bring pleasure. Alas I was alone, and desperate.
	Playing with my nipples just fueled the fire. It didn't take long for my hand to begin traveling down my body. Every touch sent flames of desire licking across my skin. I knew that I was not ever going to be able to achieve the climax I needed solo, but there was nothing I could do to change that fact at the moment. 
	Ever so slowly I began lightly running my fingers along my lips. Teasing them to open and issue forth their moisture. Further and further I delved into my own depths hoping that I could find release. At least enough to sleep through the night. First one, then two fingers eased into my hole. The pleasure was there, but I needed more. 
	Frustrated beyond belief I almost gave up. I had reread all the text hundreds of times hoping that would bring the pleasure I desired. As my frustrations mounted, and the minutes kept ticking by I became frantic. I had to cum, it was the only way I was going to get any sleep. I slipped a finger lubed with the juices from my dripping pussy back to my ass.
	Running my finger around my hole I slowly pushed in ever so slightly inside. The moan that issued from my lips couldn't do justice to the pleasure I felt. I was like a junkie looking for a fix. I would do anything, give anything, just to get a little higher. I worked my finger in deeper and deeper hoping to find that elusive place that would send me over the edge. 
	I got a second finger dripping with my moisture, and added it along side the first. Two fingers from one hand were stretching my ass open, while the other hand was rubbing my engorged clit. It was swollen and begging to be suckled, rubbed, nibbled upon, flicked, anything to bring pleasure. Every time I would feel like I was on the brink something would take it away.
	I knew the real reason was I wanted him inside me. I had resigned myself to a sleepless night, spent chasing a climax that was always just out of reach. Still I kept trying, hoping to finally make it over that cliff. In desperation I texted him, not expecting to hear back, for he should be sleeping. I went to my trusty toy box and got out my faithful 8 inch purple cock. It is my favorite when I want to cum hard.
	I slid it deeper and deeper into my dripping pussy. Slowly sliding it in and out, I felt my anticipation build. I was drifting lost in a sea of pleasure, waiting for that one big wave to come along, and take me out of my misery. I found some  hardcore interracial anal porn to watch hoping that might help. Again I was wrong, but I was starting to think I knew what I needed to get myself there. 
	I made sure my fake plastic friend was dripping, and in one swift thrust buried it as deep as it could go into my ass. It was almost enough to take me over the edge, but still not quite. With a big plastic cock buried in my ass vibrating on high, and a young white girl getting torn apart by the big black cock in her ass on the screen in the background, I went back to my pussy. 
	One hand found its way to my clit. Rubbing a finger along both sides slowly applying more pressure. I felt myself building, and knew I was close. What more was it going to take? I slid a finger from my other hand in to my dripping pussy. I could feel the big vibrator in my ass through the thin wall separating the two. I was burning up with desire. I slid a second finger into my throbbing cunt as deep as I could with the first. 
	Thrusting them in as deep as I could I pushed hard up against my g-spot. With the big cock buried in my ass, I pinched my clit tight between my fingers, giving it a good twist. Still it wasn't enough. I added a third finger stretching my pussy wide. I needed to find that peak. An unexpected noise startled me. My phone telling me I had a new text. I knew it had to be him. Who else could it be at 1am?
	That was what finally sent me over the edge. Three fingers deep in my pussy, and a big plastic cock in my ass. I took my hand off my clit and grabbed my phone desperate to know what it said. "Imagine my thick, hard cock sliding inside you until I am pounding you so fucking hard you are begging me to fit more in your dripping pussy!" I could go to sleep happy. I had cum hard, and I knew I would get to play more when I woke up.
	I spent the next day at work reading the whole string of conversation over and over. I knew I needed to stop thinking about it, and do some work. I was useless. All I wanted was more. I was ready to cum by the time I heard from him that day. Then the desire just started to build even faster. 
	Words of passion, lust, fantasy, and desire were all laid out. Making a path that one would just have to be lead to, left helpless to follow. What had started as an innocent visit had turned into all consuming need to taste, test, experience.  One word and a question mark was all it took, and I was undone. "Tonight?" was all he said. I responded with "possibly," knowing full well that I wanted to say yes. But first, I had to address the one thing that had been bothering me about it all.
	I am not necessarily know for having great morals, or really even caring what society might think about my decisions at all. But it was eating at me none the less. His ex-wife. She had been my friend. I had been at their wedding. I was there through the lies. She had hurt me too, granted nowhere near as much as she had hurt him. But for a year I thought she had been my friend. 
	I told him that. I don't think he was expecting it at all. Up until that exact moment it hadn't really even bothered me at all. But as soon as we moved from words, and fantasy, to lets bring them to life, I felt like I had to decide if I could cross a line. She had told me nothing true about him in the entire time they were married, and I knew it. And she told me I ruined her life, and marriage, and she never wanted to speak to me again. But ... I knew if I went forward I could never be friends with her again. 
	 I still don't know why that bothered me. I don't think I would ever want to be friends with her again, even if I had the opportunity. Everything she told me was a lie. Especially about him. He took it better than I expected, and was willing to talk about it. The decision came to meet that night and discuss it in person. Worked dragged on for the rest of the night. Time slowed to a crawl, I just wanted to see him. 
	I knew before I even walked in the door that we could talk all we wanted. I had already made my mind up. I wasn't going home until I had a chance to sample him. We spent hours talking, mostly him talking while I spent the time lost in thought. I had made my mind up, but I was still at war with myself. I knew I was treading in very dangerous water.
	He kept asking what I was thinking all night. How could I tell him? I was terrified to tell him the thoughts running through my mind. What was I supposed to say? I want you to ravish me, but don't tell me it's coming? That was what I spent the night thinking. I was terrified of making the first move. I had made a conscious decision to forsake one friendship forever. I couldn't bring myself to risk another one if things went wrong. 
	I just keep looking at him, thinking, talking occasionally, wanting, desire constantly building. He couldn't hold still. I was so lost, so frustrated I wanted to cry. I didn't know what to do. He was patient through it all. Just asking over and over what I was thinking. Finally I couldn't take him asking anymore. He asked I answered. You inside me ... now.
	Before I knew what had happened he had a finger inside me. There was a river running from between my spread lips. I could feel it running down my ass on to the towel he had thought to grab, thank god I mentioned before hand how wet I can get. He added a second finger, I was already gone. My whole body was tense and I could feel myself clamping down on his fingers. 
	He knew exactly what he was doing. All the right buttons to push at all the right times. I was wanton with desire, he kept pushing me higher, and higher. I knew I was going to cum. I did violently, but almost silently. He had made me squirt all over. Not stopping he added a third finger. I could feel it stretching me loving ever moment.
	 He had to stop. It was too much pleasure, and I was desperate to taste him. His cock was beautiful, the pictures didn't even begin to do it justice. I was ready to start drooling just looking at it. Long, and thick with a perfect upward curve. I couldn't wait to have it in my mouth. He had confessed earlier that he had never been deep throated. I was determined to make that a reality.
	I ran my tongue over the tip, and greedily sucked him into my mouth. Slowly taking him as deep as I could. I was out of practice, it had been years since I had a cock in my mouth. I licked, I sucked, I nibbled, I was enjoying every moment of it. Nothing in the world turns me on quite like giving head. Watching the pleasure of others build while you control what they receive is a rush.
	I pulled back off his cock, and moved down to his  balls. I sucked first one, then the other into my mouth, rolling them around and running my tongue over them. He had never experienced that before. It brought me great joy to expose him to a new sensation. It was then that he told me he had decided to stop having midweek orgasms. A challenge had been issued. 
	I couldn't let him not orgasm after the incredible pleasure he had brought me. It wasn't fair. I wasn't going to tell him that though. I took him back into my mouth and continued teasing. I slowly took him deeper and deeper, managing to get about 2/3 of his length into my mouth. He was starting to tremble from standing there. He laid down, and I attacked his cock like it was an ice cream cone melting in the sun. I couldn't let it go to waste. 
	I went back to his balls for a few minutes. While I did he slipped 2 fingers inside me again, adding a third quickly when I moaned. I slid my fingers back from his balls. I wanted to play with his ass. Slowly I started running a finger along his crack. I knew this was new to him, I couldn't push too far too fast. 
	I continued trailing my fingers along his ass and taint, while taking his cock back into my mouth. My concentration had started to slip though with his fingers inside me again. Before I knew it I was on my back with my legs spread, and him back in control. 
	Something in me slipped. He had 3 fingers in me and was making me cum over and over again. I wanted more, I confessed that it has always been a desire of mine to be fisted. I could see his eyes light up in the dark at the mere mention of the act. I was dripping again when he stabbed his fingers into me as deep as he could pushing up against my g-spot, causing me to squirt again. 
	He added a fourth finger. The pain to pleasure ratio was amazing. I felt like I was going to tear open at any moment. Yet at the same time I couldn't get enough. I wanted more. He worked four fingers into me, commenting how tight I was. Slowly he tried to work me open to take his whole hand. He added his thumb a few minutes later.
	I could feel the stretch. It was amazing, though try as he might he could not get his entire hand inside me. I was just too tight. I came over and over while he tired though, and am determined that I will stretch to take it all eventually. After all practice makes perfect.
	I took him back into my  mouth. I wanted to taste him desperately, to feel his hot cum as it spread across my tongue. Playing with his cock, I slipped a finger into my dripping pussy, using my juices to lube it. I slid it to his ass toying with his hole some more. Slowly I started easing my finger into his ass.
	I kept working it deeper and deeper until it was all the way in. I was working his cock deeper into my throat, and he was enjoying every moment of stimulation. The rush of power you feel while having a mans cock in your mouth, and your finger in his ass is amazing. I wanted more though. I needed to feel him inside me.
	I straddled his hips running my dripping pussy along as throbbing cock. I had to feel him inside me. Slowly I eased the tip into me. I could feel it stretching me as he went deeper. I had to have it all in me. Slowly I started to slide up and down. I knew neither of us were going to last long. I felt so full. 
	It didn't take much for me to reach the edge and tumble over.  I contracted hard around his cock, and came for what felt like the hundredth time that night. Then I felt him tense inside me. I could feel the warm cum spreading inside me. I came again. 
	We were both satisfied. Getting dressed I said goodbye, knowing he had to go to bed. He had to work early. I was going home to relive it all in my mind, and think about what the next time held.