Secret About My Bachelorette Party
by JustDivorced2021

I let out my secret about my Bachelorette Party.

It was a Tuesday afternoon, I was scheduled to walk down the aisle that upcoming Saturday. I had been getting text messages all day from the girls about the plans for the evening. I was going to be picked up at 6pm. So I knew to be ready by then. I started getting ready around 4, with the usual shower and all the events that happen in the shower daily for me of shaving everything, washing my hair and body, you know all that good stuff.

I got out and started with the full lotion treatment, then went to working on my hair standing in the mirror with just a towel wrapped around me. Then makeup which took a little bit of time, so I didn't mess it up. Leaving the bathroom I got to my prepared clothes I laid out on the bed. A nice form fitting dark red dress, some black thigh high boots, a nice lacy bra and that's it. Yes you read that correct, no panties. I was told by one of my GF to not wear any, as she wasn't either and wanted to make the night feel exciting for the both of us. I didn't think anything about what she meant, I just thought she was just wanting to do one of those crazy girl things. So I was like, hey why not. So I didn't wear any.

Got fully dressed. being extra careful not to mess up my hair and makeup while sliding my dress over my head. Few sprits of perfume and put on some jewelry and my outfit was complete. By this time I was within just a few minutes that the girls were to arrive and pick me up. I went to the living room to grab the essentials out of my purse, so I didn't have to carry it with me. I.D. and a house key and my cell phone was all I needed to bring. The girls said they had all expenses taken care of, so I didn't need money or a card.

I heard them. They were so loud when they pulled up. Beeping the horn and yelling, it's like they were k**s again. I knew then they were ready to have a good time. A few of the girls came flying thru the front door screaming and carrying on. When they spotted me they ran up to me, all of them throwing their hands around me. I could smell they were already enjoying themselves.

The lone straggler came trotting thru the door and yelled "Alright bitches, it's time for shots!!!" And before I knew it, a line of tequila shots were on the table and we were toasting to what the night is going to bring us.

After the shots, the girls grabbed up the glasses and bottle of liquor and we were headed out the door. My best friends husband was driving us in his Excursion. This way we would have enough room for us to all fit in one vehicle and have a designated driver. Off to dinner we went.

Dinner was pretty boring. So I won't bore you with those details. It is afterwards where the fun starts. We did during dinner add a few more round of shots and a glass of wine. So by the time we were done and our bellies were full. We all were feeling really good.

We left the restaurant and headed to a strip club that the girls were taking me to. It was ladies night and all the dancers were going to be males. It was a 30 min drive from where we were. A few more shots on the ride and a lot of cutting up was going on in the truck.

We get there, my bestie hugs me before going in and says, "I want you to have the best night of your life tonight."

I giggled and said, "okay," not thinking much of it. We entered and had the standard I.D. check at the door, the girls bragged to the guy at the door that I was getting married soon, he congratulated me and explained that he would send the manager over to congratulate me when he got a chance. AGAIN, I didn't think much of it.

We were finally in. Loud music, flashing lights, bodies moving everywhere, ladies cheering, this was my first few seconds inside and my senses were being overwhelmed.

We got our table in the corner that was reserved for us. It was a half round booth on one side of the table, but I had to sit in a special chair that was outside the booth, but between the table and stage. Orders for drinks were made, the guy dancers were parading around the place. Every now and again they would come and mess with us at our table and then move on to the next. We/I was really having a good time.

One dancer even came up and spun me around so I was facing the stage. He was dancing and shaking around. The girls hand me a few $1 bills to put in his G-string. As he was bending over, every now and again he would run his hands up my legs. He did that a few times and then one time he slid his hand all the way up, past my skirt, now his fingers were touching my vagina. I felt a quick poke by one of them inside me. He quickly withdrew it. He spun around and leaned over while dancing and said in my ear, "damn baby you are so wet." I gave him another dollar bill. And he was off.

Hoping that the girls did see what just transpired under my skirt, I turned back around and they were all giggling and cheering me on. One of the girls held up her glass and we all cheered as our plastic cups came together.

Then about a half hour later one of the girls pulled me by the arm off of the chair and told me in my ear that she got me a private dance. I looked at her like huh? She giggled and said, "it is a 1 song private dance, you go back with them and they dance for you."

I was like, ok, this would be interesting/fun.

So then the dancer grabs me by the arms. He was about 6ft tall, a very fit, very athletic and muscle guy. He was really hot. We go to a side door, down a hall and into a very not lit room with a big couch. It wasn't one like in a house, it was big as in if I sat all the way back my feet wouldn't touch the floor.

We both get fully in the room, you could hear the music from in the main area, as they had speakers in the room also. Then all of a sudden, the dancer spins me around so I am now facing him, backs me up to the couch, and pushes me back. It was a gentle but forceful push. I fell back on the couch.

It was a mere split second, I was laying there on the couch. He pushed me far enough that my whole body including my feet were on the couch. He pushed my feet, so my knees bent. I had the thought; this is going to be a weird position to get a dance in. And a fraction of a second later, he was pulling my skirt up to my belly. BEFORE I knew what was happening, he had my legs spread wide open, exposing my panty less vagina and his face pressed up against my bald wet lips, between my legs.

He went to town. I have no idea what hit me. Because within a mere minute and a half of him licking my pussy and clit and sliding his finger into my very wet tight hole, I was having one of the biggest orgasms I have ever had, right then and there. I felt like I was in the middle of a tornado, watching the 4th of July and new year's fireworks all in one. It was a massive blast between my legs. Like nothing I had ever had before.

He went on for about another minute or two, I couldn't tell you. Then he stopped as the music changed. He got up and the only thing he said was, "Damn Girl, that is one tight pussy." He turned around and walked away. I was left SPEECHLESS.

I laid there for just a few seconds to catch my breath, I pulled my skirt down, and got up off the couch. As I stood there fixing my skirt so as no one knew what just happened, I happened to look over at the dark area of the room I was standing in. There was this area where it looked like a window went, but there was no window in the frame. As my eyes focused on it, I could see past the frame and there were faces looking thru staring back at me. AT THIS VERY MOMENT, I think my heart was going to pound out of my chest. I walked out of the room.

Walking back thru the hallway leading back to the main area where everyone was, I was met by my friend that bought me the "private dance," she walked up to me, put her arms around me and gave me the biggest hug. "I hope you enjoyed your dance" she said. She put her face in front of mine as I was about to reply and said "SHHHHHHHHH, You just need to enjoy tonight."

We get back out to our table and the girls already had another round of drinks waiting on me. TO THE BRIDE TO BE one of them shouted. We all raised our plastic cups and they met for another salute to the evening of fun.

20 minutes later, the manager of the club came over and introduced himself. He did the standard how is everything, are we being taken care of properly, is there any problems. Then he looked at me. "Since you are getting married and you chose us to have your celebration with, I will give you a special. If you can talk your friends into another private dance, It will be 5 songs for the price of 1" he explained.

"Hell yeah I got you" one of the girls said as she looked at the manager and gave him the ok nod.

He was like good. I will have someone special come get you in a few minutes. AT THIS VERY MOMENT, my hear skipped a beat. Because I knew what just happened not too long ago in my last private dance.

I looked at the girls, I even think my jaw hit the floor. They were all looking at me and said girl go have some fun, as they all cheered. And with that, I felt a hand tug me and take me off the chair and on to my feet.

It was a different guy this time. He wasn't quite as tall as the last one, but very fit and very macular as the last guy. He led me down the same hall, to the same room. This time, before going in, he turned me around and put my back up against the door. He used my body to push the door open, I knew what was coming next. I went backwards on to the couch. BUT THIS time when I landed, there were already two other people in there. Just as I landed, one of the guys came up on my right side while the guy the led me into the room came up on my left side. With one quick motion with one hand they both were lifting my skirt up. this time just below my bra.

Both guys that were just lifting my skirt with one of their hands, were now using the other hand and each grabbed a leg. Fully spread they opened my legs. But for what though I had a split second thought. And before I could think that, the 3rd guy that was in the room walked up between my legs. His cock was out and so hard. I would have to say it was the size of my forearm. It was so HUGE. Before I could even think what was happening, I felt the head of his cock pushing on my pussy lips. We're going to have to spread her legs wider the one guy on my left leg said. She has a tiny pussy. So they did. FULLY exposed, fully spread open. I felt the pressure of his cock pushing so hard on my hole.

Then it was like a cork popped, the head of his cock slipped in to my tight hole, stretching out my pussy lips so far. ALL I could do was gasp.

He didn't push for very long, when I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my very wet tight hole. "DAMN GIRL, you've barely got the head in you and that's it," he said.

I could feel him start to withdraw from my pussy. Then back in, this time deeper. OHHH, is all I could let out. OH GOD!!! I screamed.

"That's it baby," the guy on my right leg said.

With each thrust, his big fat hard cock went deeper and deeper. Until after about 4 minutes I felt his balls resting on my bare ass.

"That's it you soon to be married slut, take it all," he said.

For the next few minutes he began to pound me like I have never in all my life gotten fucked before. All while each guy still held my legs open, I could notice each of them had a bulge in their pants. Looking at their bulge, I felt a sudden and surprisingly powerful orgasm race thru my whole body. From the tips of my fingers, to the tips of my toes. It was like a bucket of warm water was poured on me and a heavenly sensation raced thru my whole body. My pussy clamped down so hard on his big fat cock inside of me.

Then I felt him firmly grab me around the waist. I looked at his face, I knew what was about to happen. And with one hard thrust his big huge cock once again filled my hole, he let out a loud groan. Then suddenly I felt it hit the back of my pussy with so much force. Splash went his cum in me, splash again, I could feel his cock pulsing, with each pulse I felt the warm load being delivered into my pussy. He just held it there for about 30 seconds. He finally came out of his trance and while his cock still in me, took over for the guy on my right leg holding it up.

No sooner did he pull his wonderful now half limp cock out of my pussy, the guy that was once holding my right leg, IMMEDIATLY took his place. And before the first guy was out of the way, UHHHHHH he was plunging his hard cock into me.

"OH GOD," I screamed again. Having being just opened up and freshly stretched out by the first guy, the 2nd guy who was hung very well, went right to work. Not taking any time, he began pounding away at my pussy. Harder and faster he pounded in me. As he was doing this, the two guys holding my legs began taking my skirt all the way off of me. Over my head the slipped it, and before I knew it my bra was off also.

Only thing I had on was my thigh high boots. Still thrust after thrust he pounded away for all it was worth inside of me. Then suddenly, this time in another direction, I felt an orgasm race thru my body. This one felt like it went sideways throughout my body. From my left side to my right side, nothing but pure pleasure was filling my whole body. After about 6 or 7 minutes, I felt him grab my tits and with one last hard, forceful thrust, he let out a moan.

OHHH, and I could feel him filling my pussy with my second load of cum. Pump after pump of hot cum was filling me up. All while he still had his hands on my tits holding on to them for all it was worth.

And like a pre-rehearsed dance, he withdrew his cock, took over holding my left leg and now the THIRD guy was sliding his cock into me. Just like the second, he wasted no time. He began pounding me so hard. Thrust after thrust inside my pussy. His hands on my tits, my neck and then back to my tits. Both spent guys still holding my legs in the air while this muscular guy between my legs just went to town giving me all he had.

I looked down, I could see my pussy lips just wrapped around his big thick long shaft. Each time he entered and pulled out, all the juices covering his cock. Over and over again, in and out it went. It was like a speeding train between my legs, going for all it was worth. My bald pussy couldn't take it no more. It built again, it started in my clit, spread to my belly and up to my nipples. Again another MASSAVE ORGASM raced thru my body. My pussy squeezed so tightly on his cock from the pleasure. He thrusts became even faster until, with one hard thrust. SO DEEP inside of me, I felt his hot load getting pumped into my body. Over and over again I felt his cock pulsing and pumping my pussy. I could feel I was so full of these strangers cum.

Finally he pulled out. My pussy was so full of their cum. The two guys just stood there holding my legs open. I couldn't figure out why they were just standing there, holding them like that. Then I lifted my head. I focused on the glassless window, I could see at least a half of a dozen faces looking thru the hole in the wall. Looking at me on full display with my naked body and legs spread with my pussy in full view and on display for them. I made eye contact with quite a few of the faces looking at me. Then I heard clapping coming from the group and then a cheer.

The two guys holding my legs, lowered them down onto the couch. The one on the right leaned over (he was the first one) and gave me a kiss. "You have the tightest pussy I have ever had," he told me. Then he walked out.

The next one on my left (#2) leaned over and gave me a kiss on the forehead, "damn good pussy dear, too bad you are getting married," is all he said before he walked out.

The third guy, who was getting dressed as the other two departed leaned over and said "any time you want that pussy fucked right, come here and I will take care of you." and he turned away and walked out.

I just laid there. Out of breath, weak and so full of cum. I mustered up the energy and sat up, put my bra back on, slipped my dress on while sitting. I stood up, so I could pull it all the way down, and my knees buckled as I fell back onto the couch. Again I stood up, this time getting my strength and keeping my balance. Pulled my skirt down to its proper position. Ok I thought to myself. One foot in front of the other as I walked out of the room.

Back down the hall, I could feel it as I got closer to the main entertainment area. With each step, I felt drop after drop on my thigh. The cum that was once in me, was now draining down my thighs due to me not having any panties on. Before I walked into the main area I stopped, took a few deep breaths to gain my composure. I made the turn. Spotted my group of girls. As soon as they spotted me, I heard a big cheer and clapping coming from all of them. I looked around. All the male dancers were also clapping. As if they all knew what just happened.

I went to sit in my "special chair" and one of the girls grabbed me and told me; "You aren't going to need to sit there anymore. We think you have had enough fun for tonight." A drink was pushed to me. I gulped it down with one big swallow.

"Give me another," I said as I laughed. They were all quiet and looking at me.

One of the girls said, "we are going to have a good time tonight, for the rest of the night. Just us. No need to say anything. But before this weekend, we all want the details."

And with that, the party resumed with just us girls, into the wee hours of the morning......…
