The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 37

Cathy's Power

Andy was smiling down at me as I struggled to awaken.  She handed me a cup of coffee and
fluffed the pillows behind my back, gently touching my arm in loving tenderness as I sat up. Mary
entered, giving me a quick look to determine if she dared risking talking to me.  Seeing no negative
feelings in my face, she quickly told me everything was in order, including clothes packed for me
and in the Suburban.

"I want a shower.  And, I need to care for Cathy before we leave," I said.

"I will get her food and replenish her water. How much do you want me to leave her?"

"Three days supply, Mary.  The coffee is delicious, Andy. Just hot enough."

She gave me a wicked, happy grin.

"Well, I know how to make it hotter if you want," she giggled before twitching out the door,
knowing I was watching her delightful ass and giving a few extra movements for my enjoyment.

After I finished my coffee, Mary and I went into the basement.  As we entered the dungeon, Cathy
stood, stretching her body which was sore from being chained to the wall these several days.  At
first, she looked frightened to see me, but I was benign and she relaxed, giving me a warm smile.

"How about a shower and some conversation, sis?"

"Oh, Davy, thanks. I would love that," she replied sincerely.

I retrieved a pair of handcuffs from the toy chest and fastened Cathy's hands behind her. She did
not complain about the tightness, silently waiting as I cuffed her and unfastened her chain from the
wall, letting it dangle behind her.

"Okay, Cathy.  Don't try anything. It would be very unpleasant if you did."

Her eyes bored into me, then she looked down, her lips tight and rigid, her expression unhappy. 
Leaving Mary to clean up the dungeon and restock the supplies, I led Cathy upstairs.  She stopped
at the top of the stairs and took a deep breath.  Prisoners recently released say the air smells better
outside their prison.  Cathy was sharing that thought now. I guided her into the shower, turned on
the water and stripped before joining her. She was standing with her head under the top nozzle,
letting the water cascade over her before I turned it off. I pushed her hair back out of her face. 

"Cathy, in three days I will have the formula and I am going to reprogram you."

She stiffened and panic crossed her face.  She flexed her arms, testing the handcuffs. Her face
passed through a series of emotions from defiance to resignation before she spoke in a pleading
tone. 

"Davy, please don't take away my power. I am no threat to you.  I can be your ally and your
support."

I poured shampoo into my hands, turned her so her back faced me, and began to lather her hair.
She leaned forward from the waist allowing her ass to push back against my cock as I continued to
wash her hair. Had any other woman done that, I would have thought it an invitation to sex.  

But, Cathy was not any woman. Cathy was a woman who loved her power.  I believed she was
trying to soften my resolve by hardening my cock. I kept my voice neutral. 

"Why is it so important?"

Now, you might think that was a silly question but I needed to ask. I was very much wrestling with
my own power problems and I wanted to know how hers had affected her. She turned to face me,
her eyes only inches from mine, breasts brushing against me before she leaned back letting her
pubis hit mine. I leisurely continued to rub the rich lather through her hair. She gave a quick little
snort of laughter as she eyed me intensely.

"I am surprised you would ask.  Only you know what it is like to have anyone you want.  You and
Uncle Bert but he is dead now."

"I know what my situation is like, but what about yours?"

She studied my face, trying to decide what to say as I enjoyed the feel of her hair in my hands.  
Cathy's hair was naturally brown, a milk chocolate color the same as her bush.  Her hair lightens in
the summer sun, ending with streaks of dark honey in a very light chocolate, like the most
expensive and time consuming dye job.  She wears it on her shoulders, with a light wave in the
layered texture.  Beautiful hair on a beautiful woman.  

"You don't know what it is like to be a girl."

"Obviously true," I said with a laugh. "That is one reason I am asking you."

"It started shortly after I seduced Uncle Bert, as I was starting to learn both about sex and my
power.  Teenaged girls can be bitches. They are nastier to other girls then to boys.  In fact, we
never really show you guys our nasty side.  We want you to think we are little angels."

"Go on."

I heard the voice in my head, his voice, the devil dog.  He had not spoken to me when I was awake
before and it surprised me.  "Does this chatter have a point?" he said in his  dignified doggy tones.

"What's wrong?" Cathy asked

"Nothing. Why?"

"Your face. You looked like, well, like you heard a ghost."

"I said 'go on'."

"Okay.  Girls put each other down all the time.  I guess you call it establishing the pecking order,
although that makes us sound like a flock of birds."

"Birds are living descendants of dinosaurs."

"Well, if I am a dinosaur's descent, I hope it was a velicoraptor."  

She gave me an evil grin, but the vision of a T Rex being in the shower with me made goose
bumps go up my spine.  I wondered if she realized what her comment portrayed or if it was a
smart remark made off the cuff.  I let the shampoo soak on her hair as I lathered a wash cloth to
begin cleaning her body, starting with her shoulders and her arms still cuffed behind her.   

"I am sure you remember Ellen Witherspoon.  I know you spent a weekend with her."

"Yes. Just me, Jim, Eddie, and Slim.  She fucked all four of us to exhaustion."

"I know. She is a slut. A complete slut.  Do you know why?"

"No."

"I made her that way.  Me, Davy. Me. I turned Ellen into a slut."

"Why? I thought she was your best friend once."

"Once. When we were younger."  

I could feel Cathy tense, feel her shoulders straighten and firm. She had a hard gleam in her eye at
she stared at me. 

"Let me tell you what my power can do.  Maybe then you will understand why it is so important to
me. Ellen and I were friends but as we entered puberty, we changed, just like all kids change. 
Ellen started becoming a bitch, a beautiful, rich, stuck up high society, miss goody two shoes,
bitch!  She put me down every chance she got. It was only a few months after I had seduced Uncle
Bert. As yet, I had not really tried out my power on anyone. Oh, I had focused on a man here or
there and seen their reactions.  I was really afraid to let go and use it so I did not know its full
impact.

Ellen was dating Rob Colton, the star quarterback. I had a crush on him and she knew it.  At a
party one Friday night, I saw Ellen in the ladies room. She made some snide remarks about being
prettier and smarter than I am and that was why Rob was with her. It made me so mad I could
have clawed her eyes out!

When I got back to the party, I focused on Rob so hard I thought my mind would burst.  My eyes
were closed, my fists clenched as I focused.  'Want me, Rob. Want me,'  I chanted in my head.
When I opened my eyes, he was standing by my chair.  He had a hard on.

'Cathy, please come dance with me,' he said.  I quickly agreed.  I knew it as we danced.  I knew I
had him and I knew I had the power.  He had not said "come dance, babe' in that imperious
teenaged voice of his.   There had been a pleading tone in his voice. Yes.  Pleading. Then, he was
pleading with me, begging me, to be his girlfriend.  He had not even kissed me yet, not held my
hand.

I said, 'Rob, let me think about it. Do you really want me?'

'You know I do, Cathy.  I would do anything to be with you.'

'Well, I don't like Ellen.  She is nasty to me. What do you think we can do to her?'

'Why do anything.  I left her for you, that should be enough.'

'No, Rob.  I want to do more. Can you think of something?'"

I was washing her breasts now.  Her nipples were erect and hard before I even touched them. 
Cathy was aroused, very much aroused, from thinking about this power she wielded over her rival.
Power is an aphrodisiac. I had always heard that, heard stories about people who get sexually
aroused from power, or from being around those who have power.  Do you really think Clinton
seduces all those women?  The power seduces them, although he does use it very effectively. 

"So, we talked for a few minutes. Then, Rob came up with an idea I loved. 

'I think Ellen would make a wonderful slut,' he said.

'Me, too.  Why don't we do it to her and then I will make you the happiest man on earth.'

'Yeah. Let's do it.  How do we start?'

'I think the football team should rape her and then we will go from there,' I replied."

Cathy was becoming more aroused. I could feel the movements as she subconsciously thrust her
pelvis back and forth in tiny but unmistakable motions.

"Rob arranged the rape with some of his close friends from the team. Ellen had agreed to go to
bed with him that night.  He was taking her to his parents' house since they were out of town for
the weekend.   I went ahead with five guys from the team. Oh, Davy, it was so absolutely
fabulous.  The five guys stripped, but I stayed clothed.  I had used my power to convince them it
was Ellen they wanted, not me. We hid in his parents' bedroom closet. Davy, take the cuffs off.
Please."

"Why?"  She blushed slightly but her hunger was far worse than any embarrassment she might
endure telling me what she wanted.

"I want to masturbate. Just thinking about this is making me so hot!"

"I bet you can come without touching yourself.  Try it!"

Her desperate look told me she would cut off a toe right now to have her hand up her sweet pussy
but she knew I was not going to free her. She locked her legs together to try to generate friction on
her clit as her pelvis kept moving.  She sighed and shivered.  

"Go on with your story."

"Rob brought Ellen into the bedroom. They started making out, slowly undressing each other. She
was teasing him, giggly, pretending like she was resisting.  The bitch! We watched as Rob
gradually got her clothes off until she was just wearing her bra and panties.

'Stop, Rob. Please. I think we have gone far enough,' she said, trying to push him away.

'No. We are just starting.  Come out, guys,' he snapped.

The boys poured from the closet, all of them hard and ready from watching the petting Ellen and
Rob had done.  Migod, Davy! When she screamed as they grabbed her, I thought I was going to
orgasm on the spot!"

I though Cathy was going to orgasm now from telling me about it. Her ankles were crossed, her
legs muscles tight as sail ropes to get the friction of her clit. I jammed my knee between her legs,
forcing them apart, breaking the contact she thought she needed to cum..  

"Finish the story. Maybe then I will let you cum."

"The guys grabbed her, one on each arm, one on each leg. She was kicking and screaming but
with Rob resting his weight on her torso and all her limbs held by big guys, she quickly tired. She
saw me then.

'Cathy! Oh, God, Cathy! Please help!'

"Oh, I am going to help, Ellen,' I replied as I stroked her face. 

She knew I was in on what was going to happen to her.  She started sobbing uncontrollably. I
made the guys wait which took a strong dose of my power, I can assure you. I waited until she had
cried herself out and she no longer struggled against they held her.

'I am going to be raped, aren't I?' she said. 

Her face was pathetic but I could see she was resolved to her fate, accepting it perhaps. My only
answer was a knowing smile.

'Then, please make them wear condoms,' she begged. 'I don't use birth control.'

"What a bonus.  Not only are you going to be raped and made a slut but you will get pregnant,
too. Oh, Ellen, how wonderful for you.  A nice, bouncing baby and you will have to guess who
the father is.'

'Cathy, please.  Beau and Damon are...'

'"Black? Oh, yes, they are.  Look at it this way. Your have four of six chances of having a white
baby, Ellen. Sperm roulette.  Okay guys. She is all yours."

Cathy's eyes were aimed at me but they were seeing someplace else.  They were seeing Ellen being
raped by six football players. She had a self satisfied and smug smirk as she remembered.  I felt
her legs tighten against mine, felt her arch a little, then groan. She was really trying to get off.

"Please.  I am right at the edge." 

"Cute story but I am bored.  When do I get to use my power?" Diablo said from the depths of my
mind. I concentrated to have the scientist lock the damn dog in his cage. I heard his growl from
way back and down in the recesses from whence he came.

"Go on, Cathy."

"Oh, Davy,  they raped her, taking turns holding her and fucking her.  By the third guy, she started
to orgasm, to love being taken that way.   That dumb bitch started asking for it, whining, sucking
them to get them hard. She could not get enough. They called in other guys.  She took seventeen
before the weekend was over."

Cathy laughed, a dark, evil, laugh.

"She was so sore on Monday, she could not walk.  Rob ignored her.  They all did. That was my
plan and all the guys were doing as I wanted.  All of them!  They ignored her until she was sick
with worry and neglect. I remember it like it was yesterday. I was there with Rob and some of the
other guys, just talking. Ellen came over, a sick, desperate look in her eyes.

'Rob, what do I need to do to get you back? Please, Rob.'

She was whining like a bad child.

'Why don't you let Cathy tell you,' he said.

I led her away.  She let me change her. New hair, new clothes.  I bought her clothes a hooker
would not wear.  And, no underwear, panties or bra. Oh, she got a lot of attention Friday in
school.  Attention that humiliated her. I was with her the whole time, making sure she did not run
and hide, making sure she was seen by everyone.  Then, Saturday the boys fixed her up with
Coach White. Remember him?  The ex-NFL lineman.  Six nine, three hundred fifty pounds of
man. He kept her all weekend. On  Monday, she was a slut and happy about it, although she
walked real funny for a few days. After that, she fucked every man I told her to fuck.  Every one.
Every damn one.  Ohhhhhh."

She had done it. She had orgamsed just from thinking about her power and what it had done to
her best friend. I let her collapse against me.  She was winded, her eyes vacant as if trying to regain
her train of thought.

"What happened?" I asked when I thought she had recovered sufficiently to respond.

"For the two months, she fucked everyone I told her to. I traded her pussy for favors I wanted. Is
that neat or what? Talk about power! Her pussy went to the guys but I garnered the benefits.
Things were going great, but she got pregnant, probably from that first weekend, and dropped out
of school. I lost track of her after that.

I never gave Rob more than a hand job.  That was just my first real conquest.  I can tell you more
stories."  

Cathy's eyes were sunk way back in her head, a wild, needy expression on her face.

"Tell me another story or two."

"By the time I was senior, I was the queen of the whole school. And, I ran it like a queen would,
with unchallenged authority. Don't you see! If a girl had a crush on a specific boy, she came to me.
If I could get from her what I wanted, I used my power to force him to be interested in her.  I
controlled all of them!"

"Does your power work on girls?"

"No. Remember, I said I had programmed myself to control boys. That was a mistake. I should
have said people. But, girls are easier to control, particularly if you control the boys. Only one
other girl stood up to me. Her name was Kathy, like mine but with a K. She was a lesbian."

"If your power would not work on girls, how could impact her?"

"Easy," Cathy said with a laugh. "Take Kim, for example. She had the hots for a guy so she came
to me to get me to talk to him for her.  I told her I wanted her to become Kathy's lover. If she
pleased Kathy, I would  get the guy for her. She relented. But, it was funny.  She decided she was
a lesbian, too, and I never delivered the guy to her."

"Finally, someone in this family who understands how to use power," Diablo said from his cage. I
had to admit, it sounded like Cathy had no inhibitions about using her power and she obviously got
off from its use.

"Did you ever have sex with Kathy?"

"Of course. I think all women are naturally bisexual, Davy. Take Andy, for example.  Doesn't she
enjoy being with other women?"

"That is for my benefit."

"Or, so she tells you." 

"Which do you prefer, Cathy?"

"Both, but I like guys better."

"Why?"

"Well, I like the way their orgasming leaves them so vulnerable."

"So, it is really just about controlling them?  Do you even like sex?"

"What do you mean?"  

"Do you ever have sex just for fun, or to feel another human next to you, or because some one
took your breath away?"

Her look told me the answer as I turned the water back on and began to rinse her, letting it wash
away the soap which had almost dried on her. 

"Cathy understands even if you don't.  There is no greater high than controlling another being,"
Diablo said, again speaking to me. 

Power. Yes.  That was it for Cathy.  She did not care if she had sex with a man or a woman.  All
she cared about was the power.  She was aroused by and orgasmed from the power.  She
controlled people with her power but the power controlled her mind.  How many more humans
did power control? Politicians? Lawyers? Unscrupulous businessmen and businesswomen?  How
many were just like Cathy?

How about me?  Was I like her?  Was the power controlling me?

"See why I want to keep the power, Davy. Let me.  I will be your ally. You and me! Brother and
sister! We can do anything we want!  Anything! Please, Davy. Please!"

"Show her your power.  Make her hurt," said Diablo.  

For an instant, I wanted to show Cathy my power. But, why?  She was not resisting me. She knew
she was whipped, or did she?  I removed the handcuffs, handed her a towel and told her to dry
off.  She was studying me, making up her mind as to the tactic she would take.

What would she decide?  Would she risk it all, literally risk her body to the fire I promised her, in
order to keep the power she had?  Or, would she accept less?  Would she give up some power and
retain some or risk it all?

Wars are fought over this. Big wars with planes and ships and tanks.  Wars in Congress with
filibustering and compromise.  And, the littlest but often most damaging wars to the individual, in
darkened bedrooms and dusty court houses.

So, where would Cathy draw her battle lines?

Where would I?

Where would you?


To be continued....

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

