With seven full teams and an assortment of scientists working on unpacking the waiting supplies, it didn't take long to set up a prefab shack that could be used as a meeting room. Cam was helping set up another prefab when General O'Neill tapped him on the shoulder.

"Team leader meeting in five," he said. "Spread the word. And let people know that Landry died to get us out. People might want to know."

Cam nodded. He couldn't think about how that made him feel quite yet. There'd be time to mourn later. When he'd found out about the supplies O'Neill and Reynolds had secretly distributed on this and other planets, he'd hoped they'd never need to use them, but the SGC had never been that lucky.

Five minutes later they were gathered in the prefab: O'Neill, SG-1, Paul Davis, and the rest of the team leaders, sitting on crates of building supplies and dehydrated food. The sounds of prefab structures being assembled and people calling back and forth were audible through the opening of the doorway. "General Landry was probably able to clear the log before he was shot," O'Neill said. "He bought us some time, nothing more."

"We need to do something about the 'gate," Reynolds said. "This address may not be in the computers, but there's still a chance they could find us, and a guard around the 'gate won't be enough to keep them out for long."

"We don't have the tech right now to build another iris," Sam added. "Though we could probably set up a system to accept IDCs, for what it's worth. And once the Odyssey gets here, we'll have the ship and more tech available."

"We're going to need their medical bay," Dr. Lam added. "We only have limited medical supplies."

"Once the Odyssey gets here, she's grounded," Cam pointed out. "She's too distinctive." The thought almost made Cam sad; if O'Neill hadn't let him serve on SG-1, Cam would have asked for a place on the Odyssey. "If Taylor has got any offworld connections, they'll spot her the moment she's in orbit, and right now, we're blind."

"That gives us a definite maybe on being able to jerry-rig an iris of some type," O'Neill said. "But we're still dependent on the 'gates, and that makes me really uncomfortable."

"We should just bury the 'gate until we've got security measures in place," Jackson said. "The ultimate way to separate ourselves." O'Neill nodded, but he didn't look happy with that idea, either.

"We could contact the Free Jaffa about some ships," Sam suggested. "I'm sure they've got at least a few to spare, and we already know that Goa'uld tech has been in pretty wide use since the fall of the System Lords."

"I do not believe that will be possible, ColonelCarter," Teal'c said. "If your PresidentTaylor or the NID were to search for us, it is highly likely that he will go to the Free Jaffa first. It pains me, but not all of my so-called comrades can be trusted."

"If we bury the 'gate, you'll be stuck here, Teal'c," Jackson pointed out. "Just like you were on Earth."

"In this time of need, I believe my place is here," Teal'c said, and it was clear he'd made this decision some time ago. "The Tau'ri helped my people when we could not help ourselves; I believe it is time to return the favor."

"We're glad to have you, T," O'Neill said, clapping a hand on Teal'c's shoulder.

"Now that we're done with all that male bonding and noble sentiment," Vala said from the far end of the ragged oval of boxes and people, "may I add that I know a number of shipyards that would be more than happy to sell you a few ships on the cheap? Little cargo vessels, probably, but I'm sure Sam could rig up something a little more comfortable once we've got them."

"Sounds like a plan," O'Neill said. Sam looked positively gleeful. "Vala, Daniel, start gathering whatever you can find to barter. You're going shopping."
*
It was amazing what a group of people could do when properly motivated. Add the fact that it was a group of very organized and highly intelligent people, and they could conquer worlds.

The planet's sun was setting on the SGC's first day in exile, and Jack was walking through a veritable town. There were already a dozen buildings, constructed of both prefab materials and some local resources. Roofing sheet metal had been replaced by the palm-like leaves from one of the trees, cut into strips and woven. The building they'd first used as a meeting room had been expanded slightly and filled with the empty crates and scraps; it could now be used to house most of the relocated personnel for a meal. A couple small structures had been constructed to house their supplies and equipment, and the rest of the building materiel had been made into temporary living quarters. They'd fit a very friendly four for now, and once the Odyssey landed they could expand the whole complex. Jack had caught Daniel lecturing a forgiving Teal'c on the phenomenon of settlement building in tribal groups, and Jack knew he owed the patient man a big favor.

The commander in Jack noticed the smooth way his people were working together, military and civilian, soldier and scientist. Part of him still wondered if they'd done the right thing, but he was mostly concerned with whether they should have done it sooner. He hoped that, somewhere, Hammond was proud of them. He was also glad the man hadn't lived to see the SGC run from a fight.

Even though they planned to return, it was still a retreat. They'd been forced to leave so many of their people behind. It made Jack angry, and more than a little afraid.

"It's going to be alright," Daniel said from behind him, and it took all of Jack's control not to jump. How had he been able to sneak up on him? Daniel gestured back toward the buildings. "They're shell-shocked, but they'll be alright."

"I'm not worried about them," Jack said. He wanted to wrap Daniel up in his arms, prove to himself that at least that one part of his world was intact, but they were standing on a hill overlooking the settlement; anyone could see them. "I'm worried about their families. About the teams that were transferred and their families. About your scientists in Japan, and Carter's in Nevada and Siberia and the Ancient base. What's going to happen to them because of this?"

"We'll be back for them," Daniel said. "They know the risks. All of them do. And they trust you to seem them through this."

"I don't trust me," Jack said. He turned to look at Daniel. "I can run a team of four, Daniel. I can't run a rebellion."

"Then Sam and Teal'c and I will help," Daniel said. "You'll just be our figurehead." He smiled when Jack laughed. "It'll turn out right in the end. It has to."

"Oh?" Jack asked. "And why is that?"

Daniel's smile was a little sad. "Because we're the good guys."