Feldare Tales - Like Cats and Dogs - 3 of 3
by Mack the Knife

Sharesh awoke early the next morning, and languidly stretched her way out of bed. She let Vannah sleep, the poor girl had worked hard last night, and the sheets would need changing as a result. She slipped into the large bathing room, and performed her morning ablutions.

As she emerged from the bathroom, she saw movement under the door to the hall. Someone was outside her door. She smiled, thinking it was either a message or, better perhaps, the page. She silently padded to the door and pressed her ear to it. She heard soft breathing and the nervous footsteps of someone pacing. Did the page need a bit of encouragement, perhaps? She pondered, then decided action was always better than inaction, and opened the door.

The page quite literally leaped into the air, and gave out a startled meep. Sharesh giggled at that, and opened the door far enough that he could see her entire body. She leaned on the edge of the door, caressing the knob with her tail. What has you outside my door at such an hour? She asked.

He was visibly shaking, and he wrung his hands together. I...I thought...you want see me. He said, trying to give a smile, that came out more of a grimace of fear.

She nodded slowly. Indeed, I did. She smiled her most disarming smile, the one without two inches of fang. Please, come in. She said, opening the door all the way.

The lad stepped in quickly, but stopped just as soon as he was clear of the doors swing. He was staring at the bed, where Vannah was skill sleeping quietly. Her top half was uncovered and one leg was poking out of another part of the blanket.

Dont worry, shes just very tired. The cat said into his ear, whispering. Besides, if she wakes up, shell probably just join in. She slipped her long arms around the boy, running one hand up his chest, and the other down his belly. He still shook nervously, so she stopped as she neared his manhood. Youre very afraid. She said, turning him around. Why?

He looked at her. Have no woman before. He said, looking down at the floor, then tapped himself on the chest. Virgin. Little boy.

Sharesh could not resist. She slowly cast her eyes down to the obvious bulge in his tight pants. Boy, perhaps. little, no. You look perfectly normal down there. She said, her eyes taking in his organ trying to stiffen in the constraining pants, the poor thing looked so pitiful all bound up like that.

Truth be told, she was not overly impressed with his size, but she never let size daunt her, in either direction. He had more than enough, she grinned as she met his eyes again. She grabbed his hand in a fast cat-like move, causing him to inhale sharply. She moved it to her neck, letting him feel her soft fur, then down her shoulder to her chest, then placed it firmly onto her breast, and left it there. He nervously held it there a moment, perfectly still, then squeezed slightly. She sighed, probably a bit more than the sensation deserved, but young men needed encouragement. She was a professional after all.

Cautiously, he brought his other hand up to the other breast, and she smiled at him, nodding slightly. He squeezed the other breast, more firmly, this time, and she sighed again, and did not have to exaggerate this one. She took a half step closer to him, so that he was not holding her breasts with arms sticking straight out from himself. He watched her nervously as she closed the space between the two of them. She said. You are wearing clothes, it is hardly fair. She looked at his shirt, pants, and shoes.

He blinked a few times. I should take off? He asked quietly, still fondling her breasts tentatively.

She nodded. What were going to be doing needs no clothes. She smiled wider, and let some fang show.

He took his hands from her ample bosom and started to remove his shoes. Then he unbuttoned his shirt, sliding it off his arms. He was pretty well built, for a skinny man, she thought. Then he untied the laces at the front of his pants, and started to push them down, before he got them off his hips he stopped. Staring over Shareshs shoulder.

The cat turned slowly to see Vannah smiling at her from the bed. You did not say we would have company this morning. She said, eyeing the boy. Good morning Tomas. She said to him.

He gulped. Good morning Vannah. He said, his eyes very wide. He had a crush on Vannah, Sharesh saw it right away. It was this lads lucky day.

Sharesh said. Yes, Tomas here will be joining me as breakfast. She said over her shoulder to the girl. Will you be dining with me?

Vannah giggled and sat up, still naked. Of course. She said. I am your chambermaid, and this is your chamber. Tomas breath was very short now, coming in little gasps of air. 

The cat smiled at him. You are still wearing pants. Are you not going to let us see what we are to have this morning?

He tried to smile again, giving that nervous grimace that he seemed to default to when pressed by wicked necessity. He nodded, and slowly pushed his pants down to his ankles and pulled them off.

Sharesh reached out and boldly grabbed is shaft, already stiff as a metal rod and pulled him to the bed. As she sat on the edge, she gestured for Vannah to some sit by her. The girl quickly obliged and kissed the cats neck. Sharesh whispered into her ear. Young Tomas has a thing for you, you know? 

The girl whispered back. I know, he looks at me a lot when he sees me.

Nodding, the cat girl stroked his swollen organ. I will take him first, so that when he takes you he will last longer. She said to Vannah. I wish you to enjoy it more.

Vannah nodded and sat back a little. The lad looked very worried about what the two had said to each other, and they both looked up at him with predatory eyes. Vannahs hand came up and started massaging his testicles, while Shareshs hand kept stroking his penis. His eyes grew large at the sight of both girls handling his manhood. Then the cat leaned in and licked the side of his shaft, opening her hand slightly to get a long lick down the length. The girl joined her, and took the head in her mouth, at the same time.

He gasped as the two worked on him together, Sharesh licking and touching, Vannah sucking and rolling his nuts around in her palm. He will not last long, thought Sharesh, but he is very young, he will be ready again in a few minutes. She whispered this to Vannah, who nodded with his cock still between her lips. He moaned as she took him deeply, all the way to his root, and the cat was obliged to move to his scrotum with her abrasive tongue. She started licking backward, and soon was behind his testicles, and nearing the tight pucker of his anus. As her tongue roughly dragged over his tight little hole, the girl inhaled sharply, and the cat started working to the front again. When she got back out to Vannahs pretty face, she was smiling, and licking her lips. Sharesh kissed her deeply, and tried to abscond with the semen still in her mouth. The two tongue wrestled with the salty stuff for a few moments, much to Tomas pleasure, and finally parted lips and looked at him.

Youve better have more, young man. Sharesh said, looking up at him. Vannah handily translated quickly, and he smiled widely and nodded. 

Moment, only. He said. His organ already hardening again, with Vannahs tongue lapping at it.

Sharesh smiled and kissed her way up his body to his neck, and started to kiss and bite it, and he moaned as she pierced his skin at the base of his neck to his shoulder, and lapped at his blood, gently. She did not draw much, just two tiny pricks, but enough to fire up her own blood. She grabbed his head, roughly in her hands, and used her claws to ensure he turned when she wanted him to. She kissed him, sliding her tongue into his mouth, and rasping at his tongue and the roof. He moaned, and Vannah said. He is ready again, Mlady. Removing her mouth from his again erect pole. 

The cat pushed her away and down, forcing the girl to lie before him. She moved around and behind Tomas and kissed his neck as he looked down at Vannah lying spread open before him. Take her. She whispered into his ear softly. And ran her hand up the crack of his ass, and tickled her finger on his anus. He crawled up onto the bed, and laid between the girls legs. She lifted her knees and adjusted beneath him, smiling and putting her arms around his neck. Tomas, do you want me? She said in Eastron. He nodded, sweating already, despite the cool and the lack of him having actually done anything yet. Sharesh reached down and took hold of his shaft, then aimed for the two young people. Vannah said. Then do so. He pushed forward and slipped easily into her, she moaned as he went into her completely and pushed back up with her pelvis. 

Sharesh moved her hand back to his rump, and again started to finger at his anus. She extended the claw on that finger, and slipped its tip into the lad, to see his reaction. His cheeks spread apart as he shifted his legs to keep pushing into Vannah, but give the cat access to his anus. She pushed it all the way into him, and he grunted as her finger itself followed the opening claw. As said before, Sharesh has thick fingers, able to house substantial nails within a special fold of skin and cartilage. He groaned as the thick finger opened him like a young girl being taken by a lad. When he bucked away Vannah moaned as he drove aggressively into her. Sharesh smiled, this was fun, she decided, and pushed her finger deeper retracting the claw, which made the finger thicken noticeably, while removing the chance of hurting him with the razor sharp extension. He certainly noticed the thickening, pushing even harder into the girls accommodating vagina, and ribbing harder against her pelvis with his own, grinding her clitoris between them.

As the cat began to push the finger in and out of his tight anus, he started pumping into Vannah at the same tempo, finally, they had it down, and Sharesh simply had to hold her hand steady, and the boy pushed into the girl, causing her finger to slide partially out of him, then when he pulled back, it shoved the finger into him to her third knuckle. Vannah asked. Your penis is pulsing, are you coming?

He shook his head. It swells every time Miss Sharesh puts her finger in me, though I will come soon. He said, smiling. The girl felt around his ass with her hand, and felt where Shareshs finger was entering her lover. She smiled and rubbed a finger around the imbedded finger, tickling his stretched anus. She was gasping for air now, and getting close herself. Sharesh moved one hand down between both teens legs and wet it with Vannahs free-flowing juices. She slipped the finger down an inch or so and slipped it into the girls tight rectum, it went easily with the moist lubrication on the finger and flowing down the crack of her ass from the steady motion Tomas was providing.

Impaling both kids on her fingers, she started to move them quickly inside them, and they both built to an orgasm quickly. She watched in fascination as the boy pounded into the girl, and the girl ground against him. She knew they felt her fingers, and that they were enjoying it, but mostly they were watching each other. Vannah started her climax first, but was still in the middle of it, moaning and pushing hard up against her lover, when Tomas had his, men come faster, Sharesh noted, and he was done before the girl was done, He tried to not slow down, but had to, by his own bodys design. The cat gently pulled her fingers free before either was fully down from the physical rush they had just experienced.

The two kissed and petted each others heads and shoulders. Then the both looked to the cat. Shall I tell him to prepare for you, Mlady. Vannah asked her. I thought you were to take him first, so he would last longer.

Sharesh shrugged. I got excited for you. She said, then grinned. Tell him to return tomorrow morning. She told the girl, who babbled something in Eastron, and the lad, still smiling, stood from the bed.

He turned to Sharesh and said. I thank you, for pleasure, will be back tomorrow. He said, and started dressing. The sun was peering in their window. I must to working. He said, starting to dress faster.

Sharesh and Vannah both helped him dress quickly, then they both took a turn kissing him firmly before he left. He had an incredible smile on his face as he went into the hall. The cat suspected he would wear it all day.

As he jogged down the hall, Sharesh said to Vannah, I should go check on your cousin. She put on a dressing gown and headed for the Counts room. She knocked gently on the door. There was no response, after another knock and no response, she gently opened it. The Count was still lying beside the peacefully sleeping girl. She had a half smile on her plain face that made her much prettier.

Sharesh sat on the couch and watched them sleep until shortly after that a firm knock came to the door, and the Count awoke, blinking he said Enter. In Eastron.

The door opened and the butler came in with two pages bearing trays. She smiled at Tomas as he started at her appearance in the Counts chamber so soon after he had left her. The Count stroked the girls hair until she blearily opened her eyes, Mlord? She asked, then her eyes went wide as the huge platter of food was placed before her. The two ate as the butler and pages left quietly.

Sharesh came over to the bed and sat at the foot. She put her hand on the girls ankle. Please ask her if she feels well? She said to the Count, he did so.

The girl nodded happily and kept stuffing her face with sausage and biscuits. She swallowed, then said, in her language. Mlord is a fine lover. She smiled at him. I will not hesitate to come to him again.

He blushed under the praise, and drank a large cup of water to mask his embarrassment.

The girl put her hand on his arm. I am glad you were gentle with me, Mlord, thank you. She said, speaking Eastron, and kissed his shoulder. 

He nodded and took her hand and kissed it. It is me who should be thankful, you gave me something dear to you last night. He replied in that language also. He smiled. And that third time, I was not all that gentle.

She giggled at that, and said. But I did not mind by that point. I was used to you.

The two kissed again, and Sharesh smiled at them, then rose to go eat her own breakfast. I will return later. She said to the Count. And walked sultrily to the door. Ash she closed it, she saw him feeding the girl from his platter and her feeding him in the same manner. Something must have changed in this man, he was not only being gentle, he was being fun, and even romantic, in a fashion.

As she padded the hall, she passed Tomas again, and winked at him. He smiled back and said. I not speak of us to people, Mlady He said.

Talk about me all you want, but leave Vannah out of it, okay? She replied, kissing him on the cheek.

He looked blank for a moment. I can speak of loving you? He said. But not Miss Vannah, Mlady?

She nodded. Thats right, I am expected to bed everyone. But she is a good girl. She said and patted his ass to send him away. He took off at a jog again, headed for the servants stairs.

She entered her room and Vannah was in the bath again. She shuddered and sat on the bed, nibbling on sausages and eggs.

As she finished all the carnivorous dishes on the platter, Vannah entered the room, toweling off her hair. Will you be having me bathe you this morning, Miss Sharesh? Vannah asked, formally.

The cat grinned and reclined beside the large breakfast tray. I think I will, actually. She said to the girl, stretching languidly and watching the young woman with her emerald eyes.

I will save my toast and butter, then. Said Vannah smiling, and setting the tray on the night stand.

---

After another wondrous grooming and lovemaking session, Sharesh was truly ready to face the day. It was almost noon when she finally returned to the Counts chambers.

Good morrow, Mlord. She said, smiling brightly as he picked up papers off the table, and shoved them into a small attache case.

He said. Well, hello again, Miss Sharesh. As if seeing her for the first time in months.

She grinned at him. Has your new playmate gone home? She said, teasing him.

She is home. He said, a bit wistfully. You do know, that I almost managed a full change our last time last night?

She grinned. Then you did very well with her. She complimented. She seemed much happier than I imagine most girls youve opened.

He nodded, and looked a little sad. I know. He agreed. I think I missed many opportunities to see wondrous things before my eyes, with each girl. She sighed. To think that I can, instead of causing them to cringe, cause them to bloom into lustful creatures who get very exciting indeed. He looked at her hard. I so look forward to seeing her again, and I mean her, not just a inexperienced girl, but that one, the one I have brought part way to full acceptance of me. I wish to complete that acceptance, and see the look on her face when she is eagerly taking the full measure of myself.

Sharesh sat on the foot of the bed and nodded as he paced and spoke. He stopped. It is incredible how much more intense it is when they will meet your eye, and tell you that they want it. She said, grinning.

He nodded enthusiastically. It is! He said. That little girl, just recently innocent, looked right at me, with no fear in her face and told me she wished me to take her a second time, then a third! He laughed. Then do you know what she asked me? He said, his face wide eyed and eager.

She tilted her feline head and looked at him, and then said. What?

She asked if I would be making a full shape change next time! He said. When I asked if she was worried about that, she said that she was simply curious, and actually hoped she could accommodate me when I did soon. He leaned close to the cats emerald eyes. I do so look forward to next time with that one. He sighed.

Sharesh kissed his cheek. I hope it will be soon. She said.

Well, enough of my romantic desires, back to my education, then. He said, clapping his hands loudly to clear his own mind.

Sharesh looked at him and said. I think you are nearly done, Mlord. She said. You have learned to not hurt them, and I am now teaching you why you would wish to not do so.

But I feel it was all so easy. He said. Things I could have done, but simply did not know to.

She shrugged. Had you been properly brought up with girls about, you would have learned much of this before now. She said. But being in a military camp with a man who apparently only thought of sex as something the troops do to relieve tension didnt help.

He smiled. I see that now. He said. I loved my people, but I was not loving to my people. He shook his head. I have to remember that they are all people, not things to sate my lust upon. He chuckled. If I do that, they will sate my lust for me, eagerly. His hands clenched into fists. I could kill my father for denying me that knowledge.

Perhaps he did not know it himself. He may have been raised the same way. Sharesh said, playing devils advocate. Just see to it you do not. Even if you wish them to be men of arms, give them time to play with others, girls and boys, so they can see how they interact, and interact themselves with them. She looked at him hard. Do not leave them around all grown and dour men who think only of the battle.

I will not, should I ever have sons. He said.

Sharesh grinned widely. I think you will be having enough fun to ensure that occurring eventually. She said. Especially if you keep your women folk pleased at your coming to them. She rose from the bed. I will come again after nightfall, eat early. She informed him.


At half an hour after darkness fell, she walked to the Counts chambers. Mlord, Vannah and I would walk with you in the country.

A walk? He said, rising from his accustomed place to perform states work. Well, it is not a pupils place to question the instructors methods. He said, and rose from his seat. He saw Vannah standing in the doorway behind the cat girl. She, also was dressed for the cool evening outside. He put on his jacket from his own walk in closet, and they left the room.

Outside, the two girls took up flanking positions on his, grabbing an arm each. He did not mind all this attention one bit. Vannah had one of the small lanterns from the groundskeepers shed which illuminated the path they were following.

He hadnt trod this path in months, maybe even a couple of years. It led up and around a large hill that stood between the village and his manor. Finally, they came to the large patio that had been built by one of the manors former owners, there was a wide bench there, and a short wall. The village twinkled down below, some three miles distant. The two girls spoke to him at length about how nice a view it was and that he would like what he saw from here tonight.

After an hour he was growing restless. Why am I here, Miss Sharesh? He asked. Down below half the towns lights were out. As a rule, the hard working folk of Vilkbin went to bed early. All but a few lights in the homes were out, and, of course, the two taverns the village hosted. Vannah looked over the wall and pointed. Look, there! She said, smiling broadly.

Victor looked, squinting at what she pointed at. A candle in a window, or something like it. He said. What of it? He asked. 

The cat said. There are two more, there and there. She said, pointing to two other spots in the village where someone had set a candle to burn in the window.

The Count sighed. And what of those, my lovlies? He asked, looking at the lights. 

Those, Mlord, Sharesh said, in her best teacher tones, are girls who are inviting you to their bed this very night. She said.

He looked again. They are what? He said, squinting at the tiny flickers that marked a candle. As he watched another came to life in another window.

We had Alexi tell some girls that if they would help with your lessons, they could invite you to come to them tonight by putting a candle in their window. Said Vannah.

He looked back at the two girls. Those are girls asking me to come to them? He said, incredulously.

Sharesh nodded. It was Vannahs idea, actually, and I thought it a good one. She smiled. I was led to understand that you often prowled into town alone to tryst.

He nodded. Indeed, I do, often, most nights, actually. He said. Then looked again. Only four? He asked, looking a bit crestfallen.

Vannah kissed his cheek. Do not despair, Mlord. Many of the women do not yet know of your new ways, as word spreads, I assure you, you will see more lights.

He chuckled. What am I to do? He asked.

The cat pointed at the lights. I suggest you get on your horse and go find those girls. She said. And be nice, one of them is Triska.

He smiled broadly. Which? He asked.

I suppose you may have to visit them all to find out, wont you. Sharesh said, giggling.

He laughed. Do not think I will not. He said, and took their hands. Let me take you back to the manor, my good ladies, I have...business...to attend. They walked back, and the two girls noted they were making very good time.

Once back at the manor, he deposited them inside the foyer and called Alexi for his horse to be saddled. Alexi bowed low. Mlord, I took the liberty of having your finest saddled already, at Miss Shareshs request. He said.

Good, good. He said, almost quivering with excitement. Well, then I bid you ladies good evening, do not wait up, I may be a while. He said, and went back outside. The two giggled as they heard the sound of hooves clattering across the cobbles of the manors courtyard, then the dull thud of them on the road beyond.

I think the Count well pleased with this new development. Said Vannah. I only hope your training stays with him. She looked almost worried.

Sharesh said. I do as well.

---

The next morning, Vannah and Sharesh had finished breakfast when a page knocked on the door, relaying that Tomas had been called into town by Alexi and would not be able to make it this morning. He eyed Sharesh openly, and she said thank you and gently closed the door. I hate being expected to do something. She said to the giggling Vannah. Which pains me, he was very cute. She added. She sulked to the bed. You must comfort me for an hour or two. She said, embracing the young woman.

---

After the two girls had thoroughly gotten each other worked up, but not to orgasm, Vannah went to her normal duties for a while, so as to not incur the wrath of the headmaid. Sharesh wanted to check on her Count. She padded around the hall to his room. She gently knocked. Come in. She heard the count call.

She walked in, smiling brightly, and saw the Count lying and holding Triska in one arm, she was cuddled up to him and smiling at the cat-girl. Well, She said, grinning, I see you found her.

He shrugged She was only the third, I was fortunate in my search. He said, grinning.

Sharesh eyed him suspiciously. I hope you left good memories with the other girls you had to work your way through first?

He smiled even broader. Of that I am almost certain. He said, then chuckled. One of them requested I be rough with her, she said she had always enjoyed my company, even before. He laughed, and Triska smiled at him.

The cat raised an eyebrow. And the other? She asked.

A very nice lady of some years, but far from old. He said. A widow I had never been with before. Very accommodating. He said, his eyes distant with memories being examined.

Triska bit his ear. Remember me? She said, and then giggled. I suppose if I am to seek your company, jealousy must not be a part of it. She sighed.

He nodded. It cannot, my lover, though I am more than certain you will always be a very foremost favorite. He said. Then his face got serious. And, I do not want you pining for me when I am not coming. You are ordered by your lord to go about your life in my absence. Court young men, and enjoy your life.

She smiled and said. By your command, Mlord. And kissed his earlobe.

And should you grace a lad with your company, please remember to not light a candle upon that night, else in my haste to experience your wondrous charms, I may accidentally probe the poor lad in a way most unexpected. He said, and laughed along with the two women in the room.


That night, the girls again escorted him to the lookout point, and they gazed down into the village. There were twelve candles burning in windows this night, and the Count gasped.

Even I cannot provide for that many in one night. He said, smiling.

Sharesh put her hand on his arm. They do not expect you to, they just want you to know you can come to them, and they will welcome you.

He looked again. That is astounding, think you there will be more tomorrow? He asked.

Vannah giggled, then said, Yes, Mlord. She looked at him. If you go forth and make love to them as you have Triska and I, you will see more candles by the day.

What of those with no candles in theirs? He asked, his face a bit curious.

Sharesh said. With more than you can service already asking you to come to them, why should you bother those who either do not know of the new way or do not wish you to come to them this night, or in some, any? 

He nodded. You are correct, of course. He said. I should not bother those not seeking me, perhaps they have other plans. He chuckled.

He led the two back to the manor and left off on his horse again, riding into town for his nights pleasures.



After he left, Vannah sat on Shareshs bed and asked her. What will happen when you leave? She said. To me, I mean.

What would happen? The cat girl asked, worried at the sad look on her new friends face.

Vannah looked at her. Before I did not know I could love a woman, and now, I do not know if I can do without the love of a particular woman. She touched Shareshs tail as it twitched of its own accord.

The cat girl stroked the pretty maids hand. All I can say now is that you should not worry overmuch about it now. She said, remembering the Counts request that she stay still on the matter. But I have given it thought. She added and kissed the girl on the cheek.

Vannah smiled. I will leave it be then, Mlady. She said, quietly, but still looked a little worried.

Sharesh comforted her by hugging her close and kissing her cheek then just held her and rocked her until the younger girl was humming along with her purr.

---

Several days passed, with more and more candles lit every night, as girls and women shared word of their Counts new ways. He returned home every night with one girl or another and spent the night with the young lady or in some cases, mature women, and even one who was nearing sixty, whom he said had made a very good case for her need.

The girls walked with him almost a week later, and they went to the lookout at eleven. As they gazed over the sleeping village, Sharesh said. By the One, it looks like a lake reflecting the stars! Then giggled at the look of utter dismay on Victors face.

He slowly worked around to a smile and said. I worry now that I may not be doing enough. The girls giggled behind him and he turned to face them. Vannah and Sharesh had burning candles in their hands. He grinned widely. Mind if I take two deer with one arrow? He asked.

The two girls looked at each other, the cats large emerald eyes, and the girls beautiful brown eyes regarded each other and then shrugged in unison, then looked back at him. By your command, Mlord. They said at the same time, both having to fight back giggles. Then they shed their overcoats, and were unclad beneath.

Victor inhaled deeply, and walked toward the two lovely creatures before him. You would deny a girl in town my services this night? He asked, smiling as he touched both on the cheek gently.

Vannah said. I would, Mlord.

Sharesh said. Only a lot, Mlord.

They both moved to him and started undressing him, Vannah unbuttoning his shirt while Sharesh removed his boots. They fought for honors of his pants playfully, with Sharesh taking the honors by right of claw. As she lowered the pants down his thighs, however, Vannah launched a sneak attack and engulfed his already hard member in her lips.

The cat-girl said. Foul! And wrestled the girl for possession of his manhood, it switched loyalties repeatedly, one moment the cats tongue caressed it, the next the womans soft lips surrounded it. He sat on the wide bench and enjoyed the show of feminine aggressiveness.

The two women finally came to a truce, and just in time. Vannah settled to engulfing his head and part of the shaft while Sharesh lapped at the remaining shaft and his swollen testicles.

Sharesh finally had enough of pleasuring someone else, and laid herself upon the cold stones of the bench beside him. She urged him gently with her eyes to do something with what was being presented by her spread legs.

Victor happily obliged, laying over slowly so as to not dislodge unfortunate Miss Vannah from her task. He started lapping at the cat gently, tasting her and starting her juices flowing and her throat to purring. As he laid flat, he felt the young woman change positions, and when he glanced down, she was mounting him, impaling herself on his long, thick organ. She groaned as he found her depth, and then started to gently rock on his pelvis, grinding hers against it. Sharesh grabbed his head and demanded attention.

He was so enjoying himself that he failed to change for a long while, then realized that he could do this better in the beast man form. He slowly shifted, and the girl on his organ groaned loudly as it extended within her. The cat-girls purrs turned into throaty growls as his tongue elongated and filled her opening. His heightened senses could taste and smell her scent within her as he lapped at her juices, and he could vaguely smell Vannahs distinct odor, as well. The combined scent was very appealing and he dove into Shareshs vagina with a hunger, nibbling at the lips and pressing his wet nose to the clitoris and sniffing with it. She began to tense up in what he now new was prelude to orgasm. Vannah was riding him like he was a prize pony now, bouncing on his massive pole as if it were just a toy, her body shivered as the stiff fur of his flanks rubbed against her sensitive thighs. Her face was a mask of pure bliss, her eyes shut gently and her mouth open slightly and the little moans that escaped her lips with each downward push. The girls could barely reach one another over his long body now, but they managed, and began kissing passionately as they neared their orgasms. Sharesh came first, caterwauling at the stars overhead and in the valley below, her legs tensing and her arms locking Vannah in place until she was done.

Vannah came a minute later, driving Victors massive organ deeply into her with a final and demanding grunt and twitch of her pelvis. Sharesh ran her hands down beneath Vannahs pelvis and touched his swollen rod with her claw, ever so gently, finally giving him the push he needed to cross the line, and he howled in pleasure as he unloaded his swollen balls into Vannahs welcoming vagina. The girl milked him with her groin for almost a minute before she decided he was done, and felt his knot shrinking.

The three laid on the stones, touching one another and enjoying the warmth of each others bodies. Finally, though, as he shifted back to a man form, they started to feel the chill of the cold Eastron nights. They dressed and returned to the mansion, speaking as they walked. 

I will be leaving on the morrow, Mlord. Said Sharesh.

He smiled. I knew it would be soon. He said, kissing her palm.

Vannah was walking slightly behind them, looking rather dejected.

Youve not told her? He asked the cat-girl.

She said. You asked me to not do so. She looked at him. Please tell her now, she is very worried.

He smiled and nodded. Vannah, come here.

Vannah moved forward and put on a hesitant smile. Yes, Mlord? She asked, her eyes downcast.

Vannah, your service had been exemplary up to now, but I feel that you may have biased loyalties now and I think I will have to release you from service in my home. He said, sounding very stern. I simply cannot trust you to serve me faithfully anymore, I am sorry. He said, patting her arm in sympathy.

She looked at him as if struck by the back of his hand. Mlord? Have I displeased you? I did not mean to. Please do not...

He shushed her with a wave of his hand. No, begging will not behoove you, my mind is cast in stone on this matter, you must go form my service.

She was almost in tears, and he decided his game had played to its fullest now. For you cannot stay in my home and be a free woman of Ghant aside your lover and friend, Sharesh. He said smiling at her. I offer you fee and freedom, if you will have it.

She gasped. Mlord? She asked her eyes wide. You are serious?

He held out a piece of rolled parchment from his pocket, it had a seal in the corner of his household. I have been carrying this over a week, it is your fee, take it, and know freedom.

She took the parchment in trembling fingers and unrolled it, looking at the ornate script that she could not read, but recognizing the Counts seal in the corner and the larger seal of the Kingdom in the other corner. Mlord, I am honored beyond words.

He smiled. Then save them. He looked at her. I would have your smile as payment, though.

She grinned hugely at him and then hugged him so fiercely that he actually made a small whimpering noise as his ribs compacted within her arms.

---

The two ladies said their farewells the next morning, even consoling with poor Tomas who had been sent out of town and only just today got back. He was near to tears, but they made it up to him in a quick fashion, if not totally satisfactory.

Shareshs coach arrived at the manor, a fine black construction as ornate as most nobles and finer than some. As the two girls climbed in, Vannah gasped to find someone within. It was a halfling with brown hair and eyes, and wearing very fine clothes. He was a handsome little man, and had a very charming smile.

The cat-girl introduced him. This is Aldo Undertoe. She said. My manager.

The halfling nodded at the girl and said. A pleasure to meet you, Mlady. You will be traveling with us? He asked, seeming a bit too hopeful.

She looked a bit nervously at the little man, never having seen a halfling before. Yes, I am going with Miss Sharesh. She answered giving him a tentative smile.

He nodded. Very good, then, I look forward to making your acquaintance. He said, smiling broadly. The coach started moving. We have been asked to meet with the man who hired you, he seems upset for some reason. I thought you should speak with him and try to provide insight. He said to Sharesh.

She nodded. Of course, Aldo. She replied. And how is Hanna doing these days?

She is well. He replied. She is roaming the Windy Isles lately, and seems quite enamored of them.

They engaged in some small talk as they rolled down the hills and into town. They stopped in front of one of the inns. The three stepped out of the carriage and went inside. There were three men there, all wearing what appeared to be clerical robes of the Gray Order of the Church of the One.

Sharesh raised an eyebrow at Aldo, and he nodded in return. She walked up to the men.

Sharesh gave the proper formal bow one gives to a clergyman, then rose and said. I understand there is a dissatisfaction with my services?

The eldest of them said. Indeed there is! You were hired to kill that bastard son of a wolf! You were not hired to bed him and teach him the arts of lovemaking! Now the women of the village are acting as wanton whores!

Sharesh took a half-step back from them as he railed on her. Then she twitched her neck and took a step forward when he had finished. She looked the man up and down, then said. I am not an assassin, I am a problem-solver. If you wanted an assassin, there are reputed to be guilds full of them in Ghant, why did you come to me?

We thought because of your unique abilities, you would be at an advantage to eliminate that demon spawn of a Count. He spit on the floor. Now we cannot touch him without fear of the women of the village turning on us and ripping us apart!

She sighed. Im sorry, gentlemen, I cannot help you. She smiled sweetly. Perhaps you should have chosen to word your contract more carefully. Aldo, exactly what did the contract say?

The halfling cleared his throat and said. You are to remove the threat to the well-being of the women of Vilkbin. Namely the forceful use and injury by sexual assault, at the hands of their Count, Victor Rosherko. Then he stopped, looking at himself in the reflection on the glass window of the coachs door.

You were meant to kill him! Said one of the younger clerics.

She bowed up to him, and bared her fangs. It does not say kill anywhere on my contract. I have never taken a contract with kill in its wording or any other form of the word. She turned from them. I am not an assassin.

The other younger cleric murmured to the first two. You hire a whore to do a mans work, and what do you expect? He sneered.

She turned to them. I would rather, any day, be a whore than a traitorous scum that tries to have their ruler killed due to some political dispute over some land! She screamed. Dont look surprised, you simpering sacks of excrement! She was in full form now, and Aldo patted Vannahs hand. I know all about how you wanted the lands his manor sits upon and how you planned to use his death to make a play for them. Well, hes not dead, and probably wont be for a long while, well after he sires a successor with the women of this village.

She shrugged. Perhaps the next person you hire, you will tell what your real intentions are, and not try to play on their sense of fairness to get the results you want. Especially when the results are anything but fair.

We will have you killed! Said the old cleric frothing at the mouth. He gasped as the cat disappeared and reappeared right in front of him, with her claws at his throat. If you try such a thing, be sure of your success, for if your assassin for me fails, you will have breathed your last, and your consort, and her children, and your brothers, as well. I will kill anyone that I can track down who shares blood with you, you sorry excuse for a holy man! She shrugged. You are not the first man of some paltry power that has threatened me, and will not be the last.

She started back for the coach, leaving four tiny red dots welling on his neck. I would suggest you get used to being ruled over by the most sought after lover in all the Eastern Realms. She glanced back over her shoulder. And pray I keep your intentions secret from him. She giggled. I daresay an irate werewolf could probably kill you almost as fast as I can.

She was almost in the cabin when she said out the cracked door. If youre ever in Ghant, look me up. Ill give you a go for a discount, just to show no hard feelings, only twenty marks. 

You unrepentant whore, bastard freak of a cat demon! Shouted the old one, still frothing in impotence and rage.

She opened the door wider and looked at him. Twenty-five if you wish to talk dirty to me. Then the door shut and the coach rolled away.

---

Epilogue

Aldo opened the fifth letter this month from the Eastern Realms. Seems several towns still have Werewolf overlords, and some of them have a problem with their women being hurt. He doubled her fees for this service, then doubled them again, and still the requests kept coming in. Vannah was her permanent assistant on these projects, retained at some unreal stipend. Aldos managerial cut was enough to retire upon.

Representatives from two counties and one duchy were scheduled to meet with Aldo within the next two weeks. Poor Sharesh was in hiding for a month at least, declaring herself out of service until further notice. He hated relaying those messages, but the diplomats insisted that they be allowed to put down the required deposits before the rates went up again, and would wait for her availability at her leisure.

He was not even sure where they had gotten off to, Sharesh and Vannah had been last seen near Morrovale, in the Western Realms, and were headed toward Windir, to win right to pass through the elven lands. He had no doubt they somehow got the permission.

---

On the soft beach sand, Sharesh reclined watching Vannah run nude across the shallow waters, splashing and laughing and being chased by an elven lad, who could not have been over seventy. He stopped and gestured at her and a small dust devil formed at her feet and held her in place and he leisurely picked her out of it at a walk, her giggling the whole time. She smiled at the sight and watched as the two laughed and cuddled in the water.

She leaned her head back and opened her mouth. Emdoil, the lad in the waters younger brother dropped a small cube of sushi onto her extended tongue off the plate he held in the other hand. He smiled down at her as she purred at him. You are so cute. She said and touched his bare chest with her claws. Have you ever let a cat lick blood off your chest? His eyes registered a bit of trepidation, but then he looked over her long furred body and said. No, but I am willing to learn, Mlady.