CAROL, MOM & ME 

Chapter  120

I hope that those who have been following this saga, have enjoyed it so far.
Still desperately trying to plot an ending for this story now. Damn! It seem's to have taken on a life of its own. 



Chapter 120


     I had warmed up the dinner that mom had ready in the oven. I set the table in case they decided to come down to eat.
I had already finished eating when they finally came down.
Both of them wearing just bathrobes, and all smiles.

"That's it. I'm taking those pills away from you for a week." mom laughed. "My pussy is sore now."
 
"NO! Don't even think about it Billy." she smiled.

"Aw, please mom? Just a little quickie?" Kidding.
"N O. Absolutely not."
"I must have gotten a gallon of cum from both you guys today." she smiled. Dad leaned over and kissed her lightly.

"That's it, Where's those pills?" she said. 

   "Carol and Lisa are going to Lisa's house for the night.
They wanted to all talk about the wedding and stuff." dad said.
"She said she would call you later."

"Her shop is really nice honey." he said to mom.
"It's ready to open any time now."

"By the way Billy, you're supposed to go there tommorrow for YOUR haircut."
"I got mine today....PLUS a lot of extras thrown in."

"What extras?" mom asked. Dad smiled again.
"Well....I got a trim, a shave, and a blowjob for starters."

"What?"
 "Carol trimmed my hair, Lisa pulled my cock out and started it all by stroking me. Then they both took turns giving me their first Beauty Babes Blowjob." 

"I don't believe it." mom laughed.

"Yeah. As Carol was finishing my hair, Lisa pulled my pants down and then they really went to work."

"They took turns sucking me in the chair. One was massaging my head while the other was sucking on my other head."
"I guess they plan the same for you too, Billy."

Mom rose and cleared the table. "I think I'm going up to bed early tonight."

"OK, honey. Good idea." dad said.

"NO. Absolutely not. No more pussy for tonight. I need a rest from you two."

"Oh Baby. You'll change your mind when this guy comes to attention again!"
 He rose and opened his bathrobe. Showing his half hard cock to her.

"Oh, damn! Jim." 
"Come on sweetheart. Let's go upstairs."

"I'll take care of the dishes mom."

"THANKS A LOT BILLY!"
"That was my only defense. Oh damn...here I go again." she smiled. They headed off to their bedroom.

It sure was a big day for mom. I had fucked her twice that morning, then twice in the afternoon, and she got it again from both dad and me. Now, she was about to get it again.

   I went into the parlor and watched TV. Lisa had called and seemed out of breath. It seems she was taking a break from just fucking her father. Carol was in there now, with him also.

She said I could meet her at Carol's shop after work tomorrow. They wanted to give me a haircut. 
"Like dad's?" I asked. She laughed. "He told you already?"

"Yeah. Just a while ago. Sounds like my kind of shop."

"OK, honey. I'll meet you there tomorrow. Have fun with your dad."
"Well, Jimmy just came in. Uh Oh."
"Looks like we'll be busy here tonight honey."

"Love you."  "Love you too."

Nikki came to the back door about twenty minutes later.
She was looking for Lisa to compare notes for the wedding. 
She seemed disappointed when I told her she was at her dad's with Carol.
I invited her in and she sat next to me on the couch.
Dan was sleeping after a long trip to the head office again.

She had on a loose blouse and skirt. "Let me see our baby!" I smiled at her. She stood and raised the skirt.
Her belly was beginning to bulge now.
The sure signs of pregnancy pushing her stomach out.

I leaned forward and kissed her belly all over as her hands caressed my head.
I could smell the faint traces of perfume on her pussy hair.
I lowered her pantied and leaned forward to lick her mound. Pulling her tight to my face.

"You mean you want to fool around with a pregnant lady?"

"Especially a pregnant lady with MY baby in there." I answered.
I moved her around and sat her on the couch with her legs spread wide.
I pulled off her skirt and lowered my mouth into her wet pussy. Licking her clit and tasting her.

Damn, she was beautiful. I licked and fingered her pussy very softly for a long time. Pleasuring her. I managed to make her cum, and quickly rose to slide my pants off.

I knelt in front of her now, and aimed my cock into her as she watched it slide in.
It was like heaven being in her softness.
I unbuttoned her blouse and caressed her tits as I started to slide in and out.
Looking into each other's eyes. Her tits were more full now. Her nipples hard and seeming to be a bit larger.
A lot more tender.
"Its a good thing I had them made smaller, Billy." "Otherwise I would have water canons now."
I smiled as I pumped and caressed them.

"God, you feel good Billy." "So do you Nik."
It wasn't long before we were both starting to fuck each other in earnest. It was a bit of a struggle for her to raise herself to meet my thrusting, so I did most of the work.
I raised up and leaned over her as I started to fuck her harder now. Leaning to kiss her softly.
Her velvet pussy grippping and caressing my cock all the way inside her.
I could feel the spasms deep inside her as I began to cum.
She pulled me close to her mouth and kissed me hard as we both felt our orgasms taking us over. I rammed in tight and exploded deep in her.
Her pussy moving up and down milking me.

Spurt after spurt as we held our kiss. Her spasms feeling so wonderful all around my shooting cock.
This time, we were truly cumming together.

I moved her to lay on her back, still keeping my cock deep inside her. Laying on her and kissing.
Her pussy massaging my cock.
Her soft moans. Giving herself to me.
We kissed and caressed. I wanted to fuck her again. 
It took a while, but my cock became hard enough to slowly slide in and out, and we both came again, minutes later.

I got off her,. and knelt on the floor at her side. Kissing her and all over her naked body.
Gently stroking her pussy and licking her swollen nipples.
My arm under her head, pulling her up for a deep kiss.

She took my hand and placed it on her stomach. 

"Feel it Billy? Can you feel him moving in there?"
I could feel the water and something moving. 
"He'll be kicking me soon!" she smiled softly.

I leaned down and licked and kissed her whole groin and stomach now.
Even with the bulge now, her tanned body was beautiful.
The globes of her tits rising and falling gently.
That special feeling we shared with knowing our baby was growing inside her.
Laying here naked in front of me.
Her pussy was wet as I slid my hand down to caress its length. Trying to pleasure her without demanding now.

She spread her legs to give me more room. My middle finger sliding up and down her slit and caressing her clit softly  as I leaned down to kiss her once again.

I managed to make her cum this way. Kissing her through all of it.
My hand and fingers fucking in her hole softly, and massaging  over her entire pussy. Her juices flowing freely over my hand.
"Let me suck you Billy." she whispered as I rose from her mouth.
"Let me suck you before I leave."
I smiled at her as I stood. She sat up and reached for my half hard cock and stroked it softly with both hands.

I'm not sure there's anything left in there hon. I really shot quite a bit inside you just a while ago!"

Still, it felt nice. Caressing my sack and stroking so softly.
Her eyes smiled up to me as she lowered her mouth and sucked me.

"OOOOHHH Nikki." Her warm mouth and tongue gliding up and down. 
"UUUMMMM Billy, I do love you. You know I do."
Both her hands holding my entire cock and balls as she looked up to me.
"Can you cum again Billy, she asked softly?"

"I'll try honey." She smiled again as she lowered her mouth back to my cock.
Her fingers stroking me as she sucked.
After about five minutes of her pleasuring, I began to spurt. Mom was coming down the stairs at just that moment, and was watching.
Nikki took most of my cock in her mouth as her fingers caressed my balls. Urging the cum spurts from them as she sucked. She knew my cock well by now.

My jerks and moans as she emptied me. Her eyes smiling in a seeming satisfaction.

Then her arms went around my ass and she pulled me tight into her throat. Holding me there until my spasms stopped.
Her hands caressing my ass cheeks.
Mom was rubbing my back as she watched and felt my cum happening. Standing at my side and looking down at Nikki still with my cock in her mouth. 
Mom's hand went down and she circled two fingers around it, squeezing me hard into Nikki's sucking mouth. Draining me, and kissing me as I finally emptied.

Once again, mom sharing my blowjob from another woman.

She waited until Nikki released my cock from her mouth before she let go with her fingers and caressed my cock softly while turning me to kiss her.

Her duster now wide open and pressing her naked body to mine.
She kissed me with her love and passion once again.

Finally, she turned to Nikki. 
"Oh, honey. His cock feels nice doesn't it?"

"Yes it does, Jean. Yes, it certainly does."

"Let me see you honey. Stand up and let me see how far this baby is coming along.'

Nikki stood. Her nakedness all but forgotten.
Smiling and cradling her belly with her hands and arms.

Her beautiful full tits standing up proud.

I had to smile at the traces of my cum still on Nikki's mouth.
I leaned forward to kiss her, and licked my own cum from her lips.

"Well, I better get back. Dan might be waking and be hungry." 
"For YOU or food?" mom laughed. "Well, he can have either if he wants."

Nikki got dressed now, and leaned to kiss me. Smiling,

"I'll see you tomorrow Billy. Good night Jean."

"Billy? As she turned back...It was nice honey."

My eyes followed her out to the kitchen and out the door.
I stood there, as if in a trance.

Mom snapped her fingers and laughed. 
"She's really nice Billy, but you're about to get married to Lisa!"

I pulled mom close and our naked bodies meshed. I kissed her as a lover once again.
Her tits sliding over my chest as her hands caressed my back.

"Well, your dad fucked me again honey. I don't know where all the stamina came from today. I'm not complaining though." she smiled.

"Between both of you, I really reached some nice orgasms today."
I felt her shiver as she thought of them.

"Well, I'm surely emptied out now, mom."
"You SHOULD be, after all we did today, and now, her."

She reached down and cradled my balls in both her hands and leaned up for another kiss.

"Want something to snack on?"

"Yeah. good idea."

"Well, give me a few minutes."
 
I laid on the couch and watched TV. 
It wasn't long before mom brought in a tray with tuna salad sandwiches on a tray with glasses of beer.
"I'm taking this upstairs honey."

"Your dad wants to watch TV up there for a while. You have to know, its not often we do this."

"OK mom."
I leaned forward and licked her mound as she turned from the coffee table. Her duster still wide open.

Her beautiful tits seemed to glow with her hard nipples standing out proudly.
I reached up to finger them.

She smiled. "Maybe I'll see you later honey."
"OK mom."
She went upstairs with the rest of the tray and I went back to watching the movie.

I knew they were enjoying their private time together now.
I was watching a son and mother arguing in the movie now. It made me think. Mom and I never argued about anything. Matter of fact, there were hardly any spats, bad feelings at all, in our family.

I realized how lucky we all were. Mom was the most important ingredient there. She MADE things run well.

She took the time to see that we were all satisfied, especially dad and me. Now, with our newfound sex, Carol also.
In turn, we all made sure she was satisfied and felt loved.

The deep set of feelings and love we gave each other.
Even from dad to each of us. All the sex just seemed to increase all these things.


I turned off the TV and went up to bed.
Mom even found time to have remade my bed with fresh linen!
It wasn't long before I nodded off to sleep.



























