Insatiable. That was how the mission notes described Princess Halia -- a majestic, powerful beauty who served as regent of Anchise for her young son. The tiny European principality on the Western side of Turkey had a parliament, but its members had been kept in the dark about the secret arsenal hidden beneath the palace. Since the death of Prince Icelus, who got the missiles from an Eastern agent working to destabilize the Mediterranean basin, Halia had reportedly consolidated control in the hands of her ministers and gained allies across the region by courting the wealthy, noble and powerful.

Jim Phelps had informed his team that the IMF needed to disarm those missiles before one of Halia's well-connected Middle Eastern lovers managed to obtain them. Getting an invitation to one of the extravagant parties put on regularly by the widowed princess had been easy; the booming tourist industry of Anchise depended upon wealthy overseas travelers, and Halia had proven only too willing to entertain the rich and powerful. Once the team arrived, Rollin Hand would have the relatively simple task of keeping the princess distracted so Willie Armitage and Barney Collier could bypass security and get to the secret armory. Jim would run interference with the MPs. Cinnamon Carter would draw the attention of jealous suitors, meddling ministers and any troublesome guards.

Rollin wasn't worried about his ability to charm Halia into disappearing with him early in the evening. Nor was he overly concerned with palace protocols, suffering through a formal dinner or any royal functions that might have to be discharged. He was certain he wouldn't have any problem acting the part of a suitable companion for this princess...at least, not until they were alone.

"Does 'insatiable' mean five times in a night, or seven, or what?" he asked Cinnamon as she flipped through jewelry catalogues looking for a suitable gift for the princess. She stared at him, perfect pink lips moistly parted in surprise before they turned up in the most enigmatic smile he'd ever seen. Then she winked, though whether that gesture was meant to convey solidarity or feminine secrecy, he couldn't have said.

Grimacing, Rollin felt unease flutter in his gut. Cinnamon was one hell of a gal -- chic, clever and classy even when she was playing dumb for a mission. If Cinnamon thought Rollin was a schmuck, he probably was. He could sweet-talk most women into doing his bidding, but damned if he could figure out what they wanted sometimes. He did a pretty good job entertaining some of the less, umm, straitlaced ladies they came across in their line of work. But government workers and army secretaries weren't the most sophisticated of lovers, while mobsters' girls were just happy to have a man who didn't make too many demands. The same went for actresses he had known before the IMF, who were thrilled to find a guy willing to pay for dinner and doubly pleased if he didn't turn out to be gay.

Like Cinnamon, though, Princess Halia was a different story. Her husband Prince Icelus had been considered the handsomest man in Europe; he and Halia had shared what was by all accounts a tempestuous, passionate marriage. Then Icelus had been killed in a suspicious heli-skiing accident, leaving their prepubescent son as his heir. As Regent, Halia had forged a coalition of MPs and ministers loyal to herself -- rumor held that she'd slept with every one of them to earn their allegiance. It seemed that few could resist her, but none could satisfy her.

Cinnamon interrupted Rollin's musings with a laugh that might have been wicked or sympathetic -- he couldn't tell. "I'm sure you'll knock the princess out with your usual charm."

"I'm not supposed to knock her out, just flat on her back," he retorted. Privately he thought, just as long as he didn't knock her up. Talk about a global crisis. He wondered whether Jim Phelps worried about things like that, or took it for granted that his agents would deal with all the possibilities.

Right now Phelps had bigger things on his mind. "If we can't disarm the nuclear weapons in Anchise, they could be used against Britain or Israel or even the United States," the team leader declared ominously. "Rollin, your success is key to the entire mission. You must keep the princess from leaving her private rooms or having any communication with the palace staff while Willie and Barney get to the missiles. Afterwards, Halia must never suspect that her new friend had anything to do with the sabotage."

"I understand. I have to be a dream lover for a European princess who already has everything."

While Barney and Willie began to discuss their approach to the hidden bombs, Cinnamon leaned close to Rollin. The scent of her hair wafted to his nostrils, filling him with vague hunger. Lately that happened more and more when Rollin was around Cinnamon -- the more dangerous the mission, the more strongly he felt it. She murmured, "It's nice to see someone else playing the bait for a change."

"I thought you liked wrapping men around your finger," Rollin batted back.

"Sometimes. But it's not as much fun as it used to be." For a moment her expression turned somber. Rollin thought back to a few recent missions where Cinnamon had seemed uneasy -- seducing and humiliating Emil Skarbeck, for instance, when she seemed much more comfortable with her role onstage than putting herself in the path of a woman-hating killer. Still, she maintained a sense of humor about the work -- "doing what comes naturally," as she liked to joke. In that vein, she tossed her head, smiled brightly and added, "Don't worry. It's not hard to pretend to have been raised among royalty."

"If you went to finishing school and grew up riding thoroughbreds," he agreed, glancing pointedly at her. Actually he had no idea where Cinnamon came from, but he assumed from her well-bred demeanor that she had grooming and money in her background.

Cinnamon cocked an eyebrow as if she wasn't sure what Rollin was talking about, but she moved over, placing a hand on his arm. "You've been through all this before. State dinners aren't complicated. Just remember always to pick up the fork farthest from your plate."

"I'm not worried about the forks." The Brooklyn accent he had worked so hard to eradicate came through just enough that the word sounded like -- well, like the "r" was missing and the "o" was a "u." Rollin shook his head at himself. "I've studied table etiquette. And how to dress, and how to dance, and believe it or not, how to converse."

"Then what's wrong?" Her wide blue-green eyes moved with his, like mischievously dancing spotlights that refused to give him any privacy. "Don't tell me you're afraid you won't be able to tempt her someplace private."

"That part of the performance is usually easy," he sighed.

His unconscious choice of words caught Cinnamon's attention. The teasing expression faded from her chiseled features as she regarded him seriously. "Rollin," she ventured, "Are you worried about...performance?"

He hadn't thought his face could get any hotter than it already was, but her query sent a fresh wave of color to his cheeks. "I've never been with a woman I'd describe as insatiable," he quipped. "It's usually the opposite problem. I'm used to actresses and secretaries, not princesses with masseurs and pool boys and half a dozen Saudi princes."

He couldn't believe he was admitting that insecurity to Cinnamon, who had never failed the IMF no matter what sort of man she had been asked to take down for them. He didn't let himself give much thought to how far down she took them -- sometimes when they returned from a mission he wondered, but that always gave him an unpleasant feeling in his stomach so he pushed his curiosity aside. He always thought a woman like Cinnamon deserved much better than the thugs they set her up with, but she seemed committed to the work. And she was incredibly good at it, immersing herself in whatever role they gave her -- nearly as good an actor as he was. It was a real shame their country needed women like her, and he never stopped worrying that something could happen to her, but as long as he did his job right he could try to protect her...

When Cinnamon cocked her head quizzically, he realized his admiring gaze might be taken the wrong way and quickly turned. Her hand still rested on his arm, the faint pressure tingling through several layers of clothing. He shrugged, trying to dismiss his previous comments. "I'm sure it'll work out fine. I'll just slip her the old sleight-of-hand." He winked back at his associate, admiring the way her blonde locks framed her face and her eyes snapped intelligence and wit. Now they were narrowed, evaluating him with a speculative glance.

"Do you need to rehearse?" she asked him, voice low and serious.

Rollin felt his heart leap into his throat. Although he and Cinnamon sometimes flirted on missions, especially when she had to play his lover -- like that time searching for the wire when they got to fool around on his bed for the benefit of spies, one of his favorite IMF memories -- they mostly stayed out of one another's business. He didn't ask how she prepared for her job, she didn't ask how he prepared for his, not unless it was directly relevant to both of their roles. Was she actually offering to -- rehearse? With him? "I, uh, umm..." he stuttered.

"Don't be coy, Rollin. There's too much riding on our success." Her encouraging smile didn't exactly make him feel better -- he couldn't help admiring her confidence, her commitment, and thinking that his desire to give in stemmed from all the wrong impulses. Nonetheless he nodded, and she smiled again with a bit of a devilish look in her eyes. "Jim, Rollin and I are going to go over some things for when he meets the princess." She rose breezily, offering a hand to Rollin while he remained dumbfounded on the couch. He followed her out of the meeting, wondering what in hell he'd gotten himself into.