Tyrus sipped his beer in the dimly lit pub and muttered under his breath. He was hungry, restless and moody. It had been three days since he had last had a taste of human blood, and even that had been dismal.
He cringed as he remembered the smell of the unconscious, homeless man he had been desperate enough to drink from. The blood had not sat well with him. The man was practically dying, and his blood was tainted with far too much alcohol for a human to possibly survive. It left a sour taste in his mouth.
The two hundred year old vampire surveyed the slim pickings from his corner of the dingy bar. Two old men were sitting in a back booth, talking about how they had escaped their wives for a night. Along the pub's only window, a large group of married couples sat at a table, laughing loudly at some joke made by their fat and balding friend. The regular bartender was sitting in a corner, looking bored.
Tyrus sighed. The rules of the supernatural community had gotten stricter in recent years, due to a sudden influx of young vampires who had gotten careless and complacent with their hunts. Now, any risk of exposure to the community was dealt with strictly by the Governance. It was hard to come by any good opportunity for a satisfying morsel.
He recalled the feisty young blonde he had cornered in an alley two weeks ago. He licked his lengthening incisors as he thought of her fresh, warm blood spilling down his throat, as her curvy body writhed and bucked against his.
It had been difficult to stop himself from draining her dry, but he had done it. He'd licked the tiny puncture wounds on her neck, healing them, and wiped her memory before sending her back out into the street.
He sipped his beer again, and tried to convince himself that the flat, cold, drink was the warm, deliciously spicy taste of young blood.
A scent came to Tyrus just before his sensitive ears picked up the sound of the pub door opening. It was intriguing, making his nostrils flare, and light amber specks glow in his pupils. He turned slightly and caught the sight of a woman, possibly in her late twenties, walking to the bar stool a few seats down from him.
Tyrus drew a stealthy, long, deep breath. And then he smiled to himself. She had come alone. There was no scent of anyone else on her. He watched has she ordered herself a double shot of scotch.
Alone and out to get drunk, he thought. Perfect.
She didn't have much makeup on, and her long, silky brown hair was tied up in a ponytail. Still, she was beautiful. Long lashes framed large, dark brown eyes. She had such fair skin, and high cheekbones.
His eyes wondered down to the outline of her nipples pushing against her T-shirt, bra-less, down to the curve of her hips, and traced the length of her long legs hugged by her tight skinny blue jeans.
Her full, pink, lips pressed softly against the scotch glass as she downed her drink in one go. Tyrus became aware of the familiar stretch in his crotch as his felt himself harden. He was surprised. He was not usually aroused so quickly by a human. He shifted in his seat, disarmed.
She put down her money, smiled at the bartender, and got up to leave. A ball of excitement grew in the pit of Tyrus' gut. He was ready for this hunt.
Using all the willpower he had, Tyrus waited a full five minutes after she left before he quietly got up and headed for the door. Outside, the moon stayed hidden behind the clouds, and the only light came from the dim streetlamps that sparsely lined the street.
The night air was cool, and a light breeze brought to him the intriguing scent once again. Tyrus followed it, calmly moving along the trail in no particular hurry. His footsteps made no sound. As the scent grew stronger, he melted into the shadows, making sure he was hidden. He turned a corner just in time to see the woman enter an old apartment building.
His eyes followed her up the lighted stairwell, visible from the street. Third floor. He waited until he saw a light go on in one of the windows. A light leap, and he was up the fire escape, looking in. Silently, he watched as she moved from the living room to the bedroom.
Her jeans came off first, revealing tiny black lacy panties. They were see- through, and he let himself indulge in the sight of her moist little cleft through the flimsy cloth. Tyrus groaned softly as he felt his erection pressing hard against his jeans.
She went into the bathroom and washed up. The bathroom door was still open, and he could see her brushing her teeth. He waited till she started washing her face, and tried the window. A gratified smile reached his lips as he felt it slide smoothly open. It did not take two seconds for him to enter and close the window.
He waited, out of sight, in the corner of the bedroom, away from the bedroom lamp, which was the only source of light in the room. He felt intoxicated by her scent, which filled the entire room. Her back was to him, her smooth, perky ass pushed outwards as she bent down for her face towel. He caught a peek again of her fold, teasing him through the sheer black lace.
She re-entered the bedroom, and, in one swift move, he closed the distance between them. His eyes made contact with hers before she could scream. His hands held her steady at the waist. His hungry pupils flashed bright amber as his mind held her in place, preventing her from making a sound.
Her body relaxed then, and he watched as her eyes took in the sight of him. He was turned when he was thirty, and he knew she would see the fair, young face of a dark haired man with a strong jaw and hooded eyes.
He knew that the transition those two hundred years ago had enhanced his features, making him attractive to his prey. She stood still, looking entranced.
"Who are you?" she asked in a low tone, her voice steady.
"You're not afraid?" His lips were only an inch from hers.
She shook her head, "I am terrified, but... There's something about you."
He moved his hands to her shoulders. He felt her leaning against them, accepting them. He didn't know what it was, but he suddenly felt like she had a power over him, too.
He hesitated for a moment. He looked at her, not saying anything. He marvelled at the deliberate calm she was putting on, even as he smelt her fear.
As he studied her face, a feeling came across him that he could not identify. His hands trailed down her arms and slid back to her hips. He let them travel upwards slowly, watching her face for something, but he was not sure what it was.
Permission?
He was startled by the thought. Never in his two hundred years had he not taken something that he had wanted. But yes, that was it. He wanted her approval.
His hands moved tentatively higher, gliding gently over her ribcage. He stopped when his thumbs reached the bottom swell of her heavy breasts. He looked at her. Her face was still impassive, not inviting him but not rejecting him either.
He moved higher, letting his thumbs trace lightly over her nipples. She let out a gasp as he felt them stiffen to his touch. For a moment, her eyes closed, and the two of them stood still.
When she opened them, it was as if a switch had turned on. She pressed herself against him and closed the distance between their lips.
It was as if a fire had been ignited. They moaned as, suddenly, they were gasping for each other, lips and tongues exploring each other. He let her push them onto her bed.
He pushed her shirt up over her head and found himself facing a pair of soft, full, breasts with light pink nipples. They were beautiful. He licked them, relishing the feel of the stiff peaks against his tongue. She moaned, arching her back, driving him to suck and nip at them fervently.
She tugged at his shirt and he complied, raising his arms so she could pull his shirt off. Her lips traced his neck and moved down his chest, heading slowly but most certainly towards his jeans. He let out a growl. She looked up, startled, but the look on her face changed once again as he unbuttoned his jeans, removing them quickly along with his underwear.
His erection was huge now. Her eyes widened greedily as she placed her fingers on his cock. It took all his restraint to lie back and let her stroke his shaft. His breathing got heavy, ragged. He could not remember a time when a woman's touch had undone him so easily.
His hands grabbed at her ass, squeezing and stroking, and he found his fingers at her cunt. He almost lost it when he realized that her panties were soaked. Letting out a feral huff from his throat, he pulled at the thin material until he felt a satisfying rip.
By then, her tongue had found the tip of his cock and she was doing something with it in the most pleasurable way. He felt shivers go through him as she took him all the way into her little mouth, and sucking and teasing him, keeping eye contact with him the whole time.
He let his thumb circle her clitoris, enjoying the feeling of her moans against his shaft, which was now practically embedded in her throat.
Without warning, he thrust his finger deep into her, making quick, stroking motions inside of her pussy. Her moans grew louder until she finally came, shuddering uncontrollably against his hand.
He got up and pushed her onto the mattress, on her belly. She was panting heavily now. He stood behind her and spread her legs wide, drawing her thighs toward him. He thrust into her, hard and deep, over and over again, holding her down. He lost himself in the wetness of her pussy, feeling it wrap tightly around his cock, milking him.
As she came to another shuddering orgasm, his release came with it, sending wave after wave of pleasure through him as he felt his hot cum fill her pussy.
Finally, spent and satiated, he pulled her body close to him. He kissed her neck, and then, when he found the throb of her artery, he bit deep and drank from her. He knew what would happen next. He felt her body tighten once again as another orgasm shook through her, the pleasure of the feed coursing through both of them.
He stopped himself long before the feed would take her life, and licked the puncture wounds, sealing them. They both collapsed onto the pillows, falling into a deep sleep in each other's arms.