Three Times A Lady By An Awful Cad  Mf, oral, first, cheat(?)


Disclaimer: Its porn. Dont read it if it might offend you, if
it's illegal for you, or if you have an actual or mental age of
less than 18.
*****************************************************************


I hardly knew her. We hadnt spent more than a few hours together
in our whole lives.  And yet three times she gave me a gift you
can only give one person in your whole life.

*****************************************************************



2) Her Chastity

I noticed the disruption in the pattern as soon as I entered the
room.  There was a knot of men clustered around one woman. 
Enough of them, in fact, to obscure who she was.  Usually at
these things the ratio was, believe it or not, the opposite. 
Even with two different groups performing, there were still ten
times as many women to men in the room.  It was an unspoken rule
 as well as just plain smart  not to compete head to head, but
rather to fan out among the herd and divide and conquer.

I had the same game plan as always.  Circle the room once,
quickly.  Thirty seconds tops.  Select a gazelle to cull from the
herd.  Head to the punch bowl for a cup.  Pray that its spiked.
Commence my hunt of said gazelle.  Unlike on the Serengeti, I
selected not the weak, old or infirm.  No, I selected the prime
stock, the sleek and swift, best in herd.

My theater background had translated into a spot on the
Universitys a cappella choir.  It seems kind of dorky to me now,
but at the time it felt like performing, plus it had other
benefits as well.  I like coffee and I like tea, and I liked
going to all the womens colleges in a four state area (and there
were more then) and performing in front of the man-starved coeds.

It was the first time I consciously made the connection that
performing can make a womans panties wet.  After each show the
groups performing that night would gather at a reception in the
dorm occupied by two hundred and fifty of our seemingly most avid
fans.  We made the freshmen man the merchandise table while the
rest of us fanned out among the crowd like sharks set loose in a
pack of seals.  If sharks could sip punch and make witty banter.

Best of all, the group was run as a club, which meant that I
could be part of it even though I had graduated and was studying
for my Masters at the same University.  The graduate school did
not have the same kind of social life as the undergrads and I
was grateful for the opportunity to partake in the collegiate
scene and concomitant pussy.

I decided to walk by and see what all the commotion across the
room was about.  If it could pull away an entire pack of
pussy-hounds from their prey, it had to be interesting.  I was
determined not to stop.  I knew that it was creating
opportunities for me elsewhere.  I would just cruise by and see
what was causing the crowd to form.

I recognized her immediately.  It was Janine.  A lot had changed
from that young girl to this young woman.  In many ways this was
a whole new woman.  No longer awkward and developing, she was now
assured and graceful, feline even.  Filled out.  Sleek.  So at
home in her body that she practically glowed.  Glossy hair,
perfect teeth, skin like butter.

It was four years since I had last seen Janine.  She was the
younger sister of a friend of my younger sister.  I had seen her
around, but didnt know her when I bumped into her at a
high-school party when home from college.  While exploring the
basement of the church Rectory where the party was happening, we
had stumbled across some kids having a blow job contest.  Janine
was fascinated by the sight of her cock sucking classmates and I
took the opportunity to introduce her to the oral arts in the
basement sewing room.  She blew me twice in the span of about ten
minutes.  I made sure the introduction was a memorable one, and I
still remember the intense look in her eyes as I drained my balls
down her throat the second time.  Despite having the good fortune
to be in that position a few times in the intervening years, I
had never seen a look that intense on the face of a girl with a
cock in her mouth.

Facing the throng of eager admirers, Janine was in her element. 
She wasnt performing, but she also wasnt uncomfortable
surrounded by the braying hounds.  I watched her parry the
attentions of the gathered pack for a while, more and more
dazzled with every flash of her brilliant smile.  I wondered if
she would recognize me.  Then I saw it.  Her eyes scanned quickly
over the crowed and passed over my location.  She didnt miss a
beat.  I saw just a blink.  A dainty bat of the lashes.  But
within seconds, her gaze swept back across my part of the room. 
This time our eyes met, for the briefest of moments.  It was
enough.  She looked away but I knew.  She had connected me with
that night four years ago.

I shouldered my way through the throng.  Upon reaching the front,
I ignored the disgruntled posers to my left and right and fixed
Janine with a naked gaze.  This time she couldnt look away.  Her
expression changed and then something happened.  She was still
smiling, but her eyes looked different.  I cant explain it, but
there was a sudden physical connection, literally an attraction
that was so strong I couldnt tear my eyes from her.

Jed?  Is that you?

Hi Janine.

Oh my god!  Hello!  She was restrained and polite, but
obviously excited.

I pressed close and leaned in to kiss her cheek, as if we were
sophisticated friends meeting after an evening of erudite
entertainment.  This despite the fact that the last time I had
seen her, she had had my cock down her throat.  She leaned
forward to reciprocate.  I put my hand on her shoulder and
prepared to brush her cheek with mine.  With a flash of her
shimmering curtain of hair I was suddenly conscious of being
enveloped in her aura.  She had tiny, delicate ears, like the
freshest sashimi.  She had an incredible neck.  A ripple of
disappointment shook through the crowd as we embraced.  It was a
silent ripple, but I could feel it like energy receding from the
room.  I was hungry.

Although many of the onlookers and pretenders took the
opportunity to seek greener pastures, a few of the self-styled
stronger competitors remained.

I decided to end the contest.

Janine, is there somewhere I could get a glass of water? 
Theres only wine and punch at the bar.

Of course.  Let me show you to the kitchen.  She dismissed the
remaining suitors with a smile and a wave, and then nodded to me.
 This way.

The kitchen was bustling as well, and after pouring ice and water
into a glass for each of us, we stood outside in the relatively
quiet hallway and watched the couples streaming back and forth
from the kitchen to the great hall.

Is there somewhere quieter we can talk? I inquired politely.

She flushed but said Yes, thats a great idea.  She looked
around for a moment and then led me down the hallway and through
a door tucked in a corner.  Judging from the stacks of outerwear
everywhere, I assumed it was some sort of coatroom.

It was suddenly very quiet.  Not even the murmur of the crowd
could penetrate the wall of coats.

She turned to me and said, So, how have you been?  Cathy told me
you had graduated   Im glad to see you though.

She was obviously nervous.

Yes I graduated, but Im getting my Masters now, so I get to
continue with the group.

You guys were great! she responded quickly.  I watched her
nostrils flare as she continued the nervous prattle.  I really
liked the part whe

I put her out of her misery and bent down and kissed her, and
instantly her tongue was in my mouth and groping for my tonsils.
She kissed me hungrily, and soon our tongues were entwined like a
pair of mating minks.  She put her arm around my neck and pulled
my face against hers as if she was trying to swallow me whole.  I
placed my hands on the slick curve of her hips and wasted no time
sliding my hands over the smooth fabric to her cup her
spectacular breasts and butt.

I mauled her butt cheeks and tits, verifying first-hand how she
had matured into a prime piece of ass.  I crushed her against me,
letting her feel my encircling arms, but also the strength of my
excitement.  I started to reach under her shirt to remove her
bra, when suddenly she pushed me away.

You know, she said breathlessly, I think about that night all
the time.

You do? I replied, dumbfounded, before recovering.  Yeah, me
too.  That was something special.

We started to kiss furiously again, before I suddenly realized
what she was saying.

You want to try it again?

She looked at me with those big doe eyes.  Her eyes said yes, but
she couldnt bring herself to say the words.

Um, not here though.  She nodded shyly.

I remembered how exciting it had been having her suck me in the
sewing room with the crowd of people just outside.  Particularly
the second time, when I had skull fucked her while we could hear
her sister calling her name because their mom had arrived to pick
them up from the party.  I looked around at the coatroom and
thought that perhaps it would do just fine.  I held my ground as
Janine eyed the door.

I think wed be more comfortable upstairs, she said, sensing my
reluctance.  I scanned the swelling crest of her blouse as well
as the silky hint of thigh which peeked out from under her
pleated skirt and thought that it might be better to take time to
enjoy my prize.

Lead the way, I agreed, graciously.

We snuck off there furtively.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw
one of our underclassmen, a sophomore alto, being towed by a
nubile young woman in a cocktail dress, slipping through the
doorway to a side hall.  Janine pulled me through a doorway and
into a twisting hallway.  Luckily her room was in the same house.

Janine took my hand as well, and together we sped through the
maze of halls and stairways until we reached her room.  We
slipped inside and Janine locked the door behind us.  She turned
on a single bulb on a gooseneck floor lamp.

Should I put on some music? she asked

If it will make you more comfortable, I replied.   and cover
the sounds of our fucking, I thought.

I took in the small room as Janine worked the CD player.  When
she turned around she saw me eying the two small beds.

I have a roommate, she admitted.  But shes out tonight.  She
wont be back until late, so we wont be disturbed for a little
while.

Alright!  Showtime!  This time I wasnt going to get carried away
and miss out on half the fun.  I want you to undress for me, I
said, turning the lamp so the bulb shone directly on her like a
spotlight.

She stared back at me, dazed by the light and the force of my
glare.  You want me to strip? she asked nervously.  Here?

I just want to see how beautiful you are.  I replied.  It
doesnt have to be a big deal, just take off your blouse and show
me how fucking sexy you are.

She blushed pink, but began to fumble with her buttons.  Soon her
shoulder emerged from its folds, a burnished knurl of golden
flesh, roped off by a white satin bra strap.  Next to emerge was
the business end of that same garment, a glistening swale of
shimmering female curvature.

Four years ago she had been the essence of nave innocence.  Now
she was different.  Refined.  Distilled.  Pure pulchritude. 
Utter perfection of form, like a brand new Bentley Coup, right
off the line, oozing pheromonic new car smell.  Sleek, shiny and
the very definition of nubile.

She reached behind her with both hands and suddenly the taught
satin sagged away from its cargo.  She shrugged one, then the
other shoulder out from those wispy straps and then her
magnificent mounds were fully exposed to my hungry gaze.

The bra had been decoration.  Certainly it served no structural
purpose.  Janines chest rose and fell with breathless
excitement, her breasts jutting out in parabolic perfection.  My
cock spasmed and my mouth literally flooded with saliva at the
sight of her bullet hard nipples standing rigidly above her
delectable mounds and I recalled my thwarted desire to taste
those splendid nubs the last time we had been together.  Her
breasts had matured as well.  Whereas before they had been
scarcely more than half a dinner roll, now they were at least a
Frappuchino lid  venti of course, with extra whipped cream.

My thirst for her teat overwhelmed me and I lurched forward and
fastened my mouth on her stiff nipple.  I heard her gasp as I
tasted the sweetness of her skin and the hardness of her swollen
nubs.  In addition to the sensation of her flesh filling my mouth
with primal satisfaction, I was also treated to the joy of Janine
twitching and writhing in pleasure with every suck of my lips and
grind of my teeth on the sensitive buds.

Oh my god  she hissed, tossing her head back.  Thats
incredible.

She pulled her luscious teat away from me with a shiver, and sank
delicately to her knees facing my pulsing, though fully clothed
groin.  As she fumbled with my pants, I noticed that behind the
swaying curtain of hair she wore a look of intense determination
on her face.

She wrestled my pants and shorts down my legs and exposed my
rapidly hardening cock.  I let her reach out and grab my
stiffening shaft and point it towards her mouth.  I watched her
lick her lips and bend to her task with enthusiasm.  It took an
almost inhuman act of willpower, but before she could take me in
her mouth I stopped her.

Wait.

I pulled her up and kissed her right on her slutty mouth.

Therell be time for that later.  I growled.  Now I want to
see the rest of you.

Janine looked momentarily surprised, but then she smiled.  You
want to see the rest of me? she asked.

Youd better fucking believe it.  I stated flatly.

Janine twirled coyly, the spin throwing her skirt out and
bringing her backside into view.  Looking back over her glossy
shoulder, she gave me a huge grin as she fumbled with her belt. 
It wasnt quite a striptease, but it got the job done.

Suddenly the pleated waist sagged and then dropped to the ground.
 She wore sheer pink panties with butterflies.  Nothing racy. 
Nothing that concealed her incredible body, either.  Sheer
architectural perfection.  She lifted one leg to step out of the
cast-off skirt, and I was distracted by the flash of her long,
smooth legs.  I looked up to see if she had any idea how
incredible she was.  Her grin was even bigger now.

Janine hitched her thumbs in the side of her panties and
shimmied.  She wriggled like a human sine wave and the edge of
the panties declined an inch each time.  When they at last slid
down the burnished banisters of her legs to reveal her naked ass,
I was confronted by her two perfect orbs.  Two pristine pillows
without so much as a crease.  Pillows that I longed to bury my
face in.

Abruptly the magnificent moons spun away from my vision.  Janine
twisted to show me her profile.  Although her ideal callipygian
geometry was apparent in profile, it was not as delectable as the
rear view.  Or what I expected to see next.

I looked up at her face.  Janine intended to use that shoulder as
a shield.  But there was no concealing the coy look of
simultaneous fear and hope in her eyes.  I gritted my teeth and
was about to command her to keep going, when she read my glare
and quickly finished her turn on her own.  I could not resist a
slight sigh at the sight of her bare pussy.  The whole area was a
riveting shade of coral.  Her sweet outer lips and mouthwatering
clitoral bud were scarcely concealed behind a demure little
blonde barely-there beard.

By this time, my mouth was beyond watering.  In fact, I was on
the verge of drooling.  I decided to put my saliva to good use.

Lie down, I commanded brusquely.

She complied quickly.  She sat demurely on the edge of the bed,
with her legs together in front of her.  She lay back into the
pillow, keeping her feet planted on the floor.  I noticed that
the panties were still dangling incongruously from one calf.

I reached down to grab her slender ankles and lifted her foot
into the air.  I pulled the panties from her leg and brought them
to my face.  The soft cotton was sodden with her juices, but I
did not spend much time savoring it.  The piquant aroma only
inflamed my hunger for its source.  I reached down for her other
leg and lifted it off the ground as well.  Using her long lean
legs as levers I pivoted her rest of body onto the bed, spreading
her legs wide in the process.

Kneeling at the side of the bed, I quickly stripped off my shirt
and cast it away.  I placed one hand on her leg and the other on
her nearest tit, squeezing the rigid nub of her nipple.  I slid
one hand along the impossibly smooth surface of her leg, up her
soft warm thigh and directly onto the leaky furnace of her pussy.
 I immediately slid two fingers into her wet hole, causing Janine
to gasp and moan.  She was incredibly tight.  I twisted my
fingers, churning her molten core and after three quick rotations
immediately withdrew my hand, producing a whimper of
disappointment.  Without touching her clit, I slid my hand up her
torso, leaving a faint snail trail on her flawless flesh.

I circled her engorged teat with my greasy fingers, smearing the
last of her slick juices on her hard nipple.  I fastened my lips
around the stiff peg and sucked hard, feeling it swell to
bursting inside my mouth.  Swiping my tongue around the tender
point, I tasted her tart musk.  It was delicious.  Tangy, sweet
and slightly bitter, like unflavored yogurt.

I began to trace the snails path back down her perfect abdomen.
I stopped briefly to circle her tiny navel, producing a
noticeable squirm.  I continued on, and as I approached her pubic
region, I observed her hands clutched tightly in the sheets.  She
was white-knuckled, like a schoolgirl at the fair as the
rollercoaster crested the top of the first hill.

I ran my nose through the light thicket of downy hair.  I hovered
over her steaming core, feeling the vapors waft across my face,
and exhaled slowly onto her dripping hole.  But then, just as
quickly I passed on, swiping my tongue across her marble-smooth
thigh.

Janine let out a sound  somewhere between a moan and a pant.  I
went on.  I lifted her leg up high in the air, bringing my
caressing breath and swirling tongue to the sensitive spot behind
her kneecap.  I enjoyed the view of Janine splayed out before me.
 Her head was thrown back against the pillow and one arm lay
across her face, filling her mouth but also concealing my view of
her face.  This did, however, have the effect of thrusting her
chest out and making her tits and rigid nipples stand out like
little tiny missile silos.  With one leg in my hand and pointed
at the ceiling, her thighs lay wide, with her sweet pink pussy
open and upturned.

I began to nibble my way back down her leg, but this time across
the ticklish underside of her thigh.  I could taste her
excitement and could feel her tension mount as I approached her
needy pussy a second time.

I couldnt tease either of us any longer.  I plunged in
tongue-first.  It was heaven.  The sweetest, warmest, muskiest, 
softest  place on earth.  She was as slick as a buttered ice
cube, and as hot as August.  I started lapping away at the
luscious river of dew and could see and feel her abdomen clench
with every pass across her swollen lips and engorged clit.  I set
up a steady rhythm: lap, lap, lap, swirl.  Lap, lap, lap, swirl.
Faster.  Harder.  Lap, lap, lap, swirl.

Her hands moved to the hair behind both my ears.  Her grip was
powered by a winch, attached to the rising tension of her
pleasure.  Lap, lap, lap, swirl.  Her abdomen clenched and her
grip constricted another notch tighter on my hair.

Suddenly the pain became intense as she yanked my head away from
her inflamed pussy.

Im ready.  She huffed.

Youre ready? I replied, quizzically.

Im ready for you.  For you to, um.  She paused.  For you to
take it to the next level.

Take it to the next level? I replied, raising an eyebrow.  Oh,
Im going to take it to the next level alright.  That was always
the plan.  Ready or not, Ill be taking it to the next level, but
on my timeline.  Until then, you just lie back while I eat your
sweet pussy until Im good and ready.

I pulled her hands off my head, which dropped her torso back on
the bed.  Still holding her wrists, I told her, This time, put
your hands on your tits and squeeze your nipples while Im doing
it.  I dont want any fucking bald spots.  I dropped her hands
onto her heaving chest, where, I was pleased to see, they stayed.
 I caught her startled gaze for a second, but she would not hold
it and looked away.

I descended once again to her foaming snatch.  A new pattern. 
More intense: lap, lap, swirl, lap, swirl.  Faster.  Harder. 
Lap, lap, swirl, lap, swirl.  It did not take long to produce the
desired effect.  Soon her back was arcing like an electric coil
and her fingers appeared to be threatening to twist her own
nipples clean off.

My tongue was flying over her clit now.  There was no time for
swirling.  It was a steady assault of frantic lapping.  I had one
thumb buried in her slick hole.  I could feel her juices oozing
out and dripping down between her crack and my fingers.  Her
moans began to crescendo, getting higher and higher in pitch
until I was sure that somewhere glass was breaking and dogs were
howling.  And then suddenly she exploded.  She began to buck and
heave and it was all I could do to keep my face attached to her
cunt without getting my nose broken.  When her hips sank back
down to the bed, I resumed licking her through the remains of her
orgasm.

As her twitches and moans subsided, I raised my head up out of
her crotch to see what was going on at the other end of the bed.
Her eyes were closed and she was breathing hard through her
mouth.  I stared at her face as she came down, watching her
breathing slowly stabilize.  It seemed to take quite a while, but
suddenly her eyes fluttered open and she gazed directly at me.  I
had a brief shiver of dj vu as I locked eyes with Janine and
had the sensation of actually seeing inside her head.

Please, she whispered.

That did sound sweet.  I was ready, too.  I pushed her thighs up
and back.  Hold yourself open for me.

I fisted my cock a few times, not that it needed any more
stiffening.  Taking aim, I lodged the head of my cock just inside
the soft, slick folds of her overheated pussy and took in the
most fantastically lewd, lascivious sight I had ever seen: a
gorgeous, pristine young teenager, the paragon of freshness and
virtue holding her legs, spreading her self for me to take. 
Despite the lustfulness of her behavior, something about the look
on her face gave me pause.

You have done this before, havent you?

Just put it in me!  Im ready.

I didnt need to be told twice.  I could not have another second
delay my possession of her most precious treasure.  I pressed the
head of my cock into her slick channel.  She was tight.  I had
the sensation of prying apart stuck elevator doors.  Her legs
were taut against my shoulders and she pressed back, trying to
control the pace of my descent into her cavern.  I felt a tiny
breach as her walls parted slightly, so I pushed forward and
rammed my shaft in to the hilt.  Janine let out a yelp but
quickly bit her lip to stop the sound.  I hesitated for only a
moment and then pulled back slowly.  She sighed  a sound as soft
and pure as a single perfect note on a Guarnerius violin.

Although my musical abilities didnt extend to stringed
instruments, I began to saw back and forth like a first chair in
the Philharmonic.  The results were certainly pleasing to the ear
 at least my ear.  They were pretty pleasing to my cock, too. 
She was still tight, but the resistance was gone now.  I pumped
away, enjoying the slap of my hips against her thighs and the
slurp of my cock in her hole.  The angle was better from here,
too.  I could take pleasure in the sight of her firm breasts
shaking with each rhythmic thrust.  I could feel the sweat rising
on my back and brow along with my peaking pleasure.  On one
particularly deep thrust I caught Janines eye.

Its okay, she hissed.  Im on the pill.

I looked at her without missing a beat.  Thats  good  I
grunted out between thrusts, because Im about to come in your
pussy.

With a few more jack hammering strokes I reached my limit.  I
rammed forward one last time, bending her in half, and exploded.
I drained my balls in one cathartic burst after another and the
feel of my pulsing jets inside her, or perhaps the death grip she
had on her own nipple, sent her over the edge.

Oh fuck! she cried out in a very un-ladylike way, and began to
spasm again.

Afterwards, we lay in a tangle, catching our breath.  I was
sprawled across her midsection with my head on her smooth abdomen
and my body across one leg.  Janine tried to bring her other leg
over to assume a more demure pose, but I stopped her.  I grabbed
her leg and thrust it to the side so she was once again splayed
out in a vee.  I was enjoying the lewd sight of her
freshly-fucked pussy on display for my gratification.  It was red
and swollen.  Her lips pushed through the sparse hair, raw and
open.  A milky fluid seeped from her hole.  I placed my hand
gently on the tender flesh.  She was a sloppy mess.  I began idly
twirling my finger in the swampy goo, enjoying the heat and
viscosity of our combined juices.

After a few lazy minutes, I wiped my hand on her silky thigh and
straightened up to spoon next to her.  My hand went quickly to
her perky breast and I cupped her firm tit meat and thumbed her
nipple.  This seemed to bring her to life and suddenly she lifted
my am and jumped out of bed.

Ive got to pee! she blurted as she scurried to the door
without a glance back at me and grabbed a robe that was hanging
there.  Ill be right back.  God, she had a fantastic ass.

She slipped out the door and left to freshen up.  While she was
gone I gazed around the room, taking stock of my surroundings.  I
surveyed the assortment of ribbons and potions and girlish totems
of school and sorority spirit.  Then I noticed a lettermans
jacket hanging on the wall and recognized it as coming from her
high school.  The name on the front in loopy yellow script said
Chuck.  Interesting .

I looked around the room and noticed two picture frames face down
next to her bed.  I hadnt seen her hide those.  Crafty, I
chuckled as I turned them back over.  The first one was an action
shot.  In it, two young men were straining for the finish line at
a track meet.  The one closest to the camera, wearing the uniform
of Janines high school, was presumably Chuck, the owner of the
erstwhile jacket.  I noticed with satisfaction that Chuck
appeared to be coming in second in the race, too.

Then I turned over the other frame and was greeted with Janine
and Chucks smiling faces, staring back at me from their high
school prom.  Looking at Janines radiant glow, upswept hair and
sleek, shoulder-baring gown gave me an instant erection.  Chuck
was grinning like a madman at the prospect of a night out with
the gorgeous young woman.  I imagined his hopes and expectations
for that night.  Whatever happened, he didnt get what Id just
had.  Sorry Chuck, I thought with a chortle.

I continued to scan the photo as I heard Janine slip back into
the room behind me.  As soon as the door clicked shut, before I
had even turned around, she was hinting that her roommate was
going to be coming back soon, and perhaps we should go back down
to the party, but my now-throbbing cock had other ideas.

I swung around to face her so she could watch my inflating cock.
Her eyes glanced downward and she froze.

Remember when I said there would be time for that later?  Well,
the time is now.  I nodded at my throbbing cock.  Janine looked
stricken.  I could see the memory of her previous experience on
her knees between my legs skitter across her face like a passing
headlight.  She was torn between her pent-up desires and her
commitment to her roommate.  I held my cock so it jutted out
straight at her, now hard and pulsing.  It was no contest.  She
looked at me helplessly.

There was a small flowery pillow on her bed.  I threw it on the
floor between the two beds.  Kneel down.  I thought I couldnt
get any harder, but the sight of her kneeing there, doe-eyed,
dewy skin and freshly-fucked hairdo yet awaiting a meal of cock
made my dick twitch with joy.

I stepped in front of her and assumed a wide stance, bringing my
swollen meat down to eye level.  I stood there for a moment,
enjoying the frisson, the tension of her need for cock and the
unfamiliar (for her) nastiness of it all.  As delicious as it
was, I couldnt hold out for very long.

Undo that robe!  Show me your tits.  Now, stick your tongue
out, I told her.  Lick it.  Thats right.  All the way, bottom
to top.

She did.  She licked up and down the length of my pulsing cock in
several long strokes and then, without being asked sucked my full
measure into her mouth.  After she had been sucking for a while,
I told her, This is incredible.  Im really enjoying it.  Im
sure your friend Chuck over there is too.  I nodded at the
nightstand where the prom picture now faced out at us, with
Chucks maniacal grin beaming broadly at the lascivious sight of
Janine swallowing my shaft.

Its just like that night in the rectory.  Youve got an
audience.  Im sure Chucks not going to complain about watching
you blow me.  Without letting my cock out of her mouth, I used
my grip on the back of her head to tilt her face towards the
dresser, and nodded at the prom portrait.  He looks pretty happy
about it.  I think hes pretty impressed at what you can do. 
Show him what a good cocksucker you are.

I saw her eyes widen at the mention of her high school (and
still?) boyfriend, and Im sure she would have gasped, too, if
her mouth hadnt been full of my cock.  I took the opportunity to
pull her a little harder onto my prick, thrusting my hips forward
until my pubes surrounded her nose.

I groaned as I savored her mouth.  It was perhaps a little louder
than it needed to be  for Chucks benefit.  I used all the porn
tricks.  I thrust my cock into one side of her mouth so that her
cheek bulged out obscenely.  I pulled my rod out of her mouth and
rubbed it all over her face while she lapped at my balls and
tried to recapture my pulsing pole.

Oh yeah, baby!  I moaned.  That is so hot.  I could watch you
suck my cock all day.  I bet Chuck would, too.  Who wouldnt? 
You suck so good.

It was a good thing it was only a rhetorical question, because
Janines mouth was otherwise occupied plunging and rising on my
fat pole.  I slid my hands into her lush blonde tresses and
pulled, guiding my cock deeper into her throat.  I was glad there
was enough light in the room for me to see my shaft disappear
into her mouth until her lips bumped up against the ring of crust
at the base of my cock her foaming pussy had left there minutes
earlier.  I continued to pump in and out, never tiring of the
miraculous sight.

Oh god!  I shouted, You are a born cocksucker.

I fucked her face, urgently  a Viking warrior rushing towards
Valhalla.  All too soon I was at the gates and passed through to
the other side.  I exploded into her wet mouth and felt myself
transformed into pure pleasure.  With each spurt I felt myself
changed into a higher level of being.

Just before I attained pure consciousness, the light before my
eyes began to fade and the sensations rushing out from my groin
began to contain a mix of pain and pleasure.  Janine continued to
suck, drawing the last of my seed out of my spigot until I
wrenched it from her mouth with a sharp tug.

For a moment, Janines mouth hung open while she took advantage
of the newly opened passageway to gasp for air.  Pooled inside
her lower jaw, and threatening to burst the dam of her lower lip
was a puddle of pearlescent juices.  My juices.

Afterwards, I was ready to go.  The group was bunking at another
dormitory across campus and we had to leave early in the morning
for the next stop on our tour.  There were many more coeds in
need of our musical talents.  Janine was happy to be able to let
her roommate back in, so she didnt say anything as I began to
gather my clothes and dress myself.  Janine gathered the robe
back around herself and guzzled down several mouthfuls of the
drink she had carried back from the party.  When I was dressed,
we had one last long kiss, during which I allowed my hand to slip
up under the hem of the robe and squeeze her naked ass roughly. 
Then I was gone.

On the way out of the dorm, I saw the dregs of the party.  All
thats left were the misfits.  The guys too lame to close the
deal  any deal  or else the ones uninterested in closing the
deal with any of the coeds (even if they hadnt yet admitted to
themselves that they were more interested in their band-mates). 
The chicks who were no ones first choice,

Almost reflexively, I scanned the room, looking for the most
likely candidate  the one I would target if I found myself in
this situation.  I saw her next to the stairs: a plump redhead,
with unkempt hair, big features and a big, braying laugh.  She
was a hot dog to Janines Chateaubriand, but if I hadnt already
drained my nuts twice in the past half hour, she would have been
the target among this crowd.  She was surrounded by a small group
of singers, who looked like poster boys for the national pocket
protector league.

I thought of Janine, surrounded by the wall of human hounds, and
was surprised.  She had made it through four years of high school
and eight months of college without giving up her maidenhead
despite all that attention.  I wouldnt have guessed that.  Maybe
you cant judge a book by its cover.  Then again, I remembered
the look in her eye when she first saw me across the room, a look
that was repeated when she looked up at me with my cock in her
throat.  Maybe you can.

At that time, the only way for me to talk to her was calling from
a pay phone to the phone in her dorm hallway.  We talked a few
times, during which I got her to confirm that she had given me
her virginity.  You were my first before too, she said.  I
appreciated the uniqueness of the situation, and would have been
willing to continue her sexual education, but only two weeks
later I had the pleasure of introducing an actual ministers
daughter to the pleasures of cock sucking, and before I knew it,
the end of the semester had passed and Janine had moved out of
the dorm.

Soon thereafter I moved to New York and away from the a cappella
circuit, and that was the last time I saw her for  for twelve
years, until the next time our paths crossed and she gave me her
virginity again.

-- End Part Two --


Author's Note:
Thanks for reading and please let me know how I did.  This story
is the second part of a planned three-part series.  Comments or
feedback of all sorts will be much appreciated and will be
considered for future episodes.

Send feedback to anawfulcad(at)gmail(dot)com.

Alternatively, cut and paste this link in your browser to be
taken to an anonymous feedback form:
http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=TTGCWNVYZDOQVETAQLXY


Find more stories by An Awful Cad at
http://www1.asstr.org/~An_Awful_Cad/ 
