Mother knows best. Part 1 of 3 parts. (MF, MM, inc)

The author would be pleased to receive constructive feedback and also if you liked the story.
I apologise in advance for any undiscovered typos despite the proof-reading but please do say if there are repetitive grammatical errors which you have found particularly annoying and which I appreciate can drive one to distraction.

Mr BS. (mr_blue_skies@hotmail.co.uk)


It started when we met on a round of summer conferences. She was widowed, and had been for some time, and I had recently started a new job which requires me to travel around the UK and occasionally abroad. We are both in our mid-50s.

We got chatting during a particular conference and then again a few weeks later when we met again at another. We had a pleasant evening; we enjoyed dinner and later, when we were having drinks, she idly enquired after the sort of room I had in the hotel as many of the delegates seemed either very pleased or somewhat disgruntled at their particular rooms. Her room was, she said, particularly poor. I suggested that she called in on her way to her room which was on the floor above mine. I got out of the lift and went to my door, opened it and stood aside so as to let her in.

She didn't leave until just before 6 o'clock the next morning. Since then we have met several times, usually at her house where she continues to live alone. Ben, her unmarried son, having moved out some time before.

It is a satisfactory and convenient relationship which we both enjoy. She is content to remain widowed and to conduct a discreet affair with me, a married man. I adjust my route to and from wherever I am going and extend my time away by one night when I am staying with her. It is an agreeable arrangement which gave her and me some company with the added bonus of some very good sex.

One time recently, after we had both quietened down and our breathing returned to normal, I reached up and untied one of her wrists and then the other as we kissed. The suggestion of restraints came from her some time ago as the she was keen to experiment with different things having had, she told me, a stable but unexceptionable sex life with her former husband. She had been keen to try various things early in our relationship, firstly different positions and then into more adventurous role play as her inhibitions fell away. 

In the calm that follows good lovemaking she confided that she thought Ben had at last found a girlfriend. I said nothing in return and just waited for her to carry on talking. She said she had been worried about him in a motherly sort of way; she admitted he had become something of a mother's boy and she was pleased when he eventually moved out to forge his own life. I thought at the time that she might have been probing for information but I remained quiet. Eventually I said that I had to go and she reminded me that I was going to drop off some of Ben's books at his house on my way home.

We got up and showered together and indulged in a little light petting and fondling but I resisted the urge to have sex again. We dressed; had coffee and then she went to get the books for me to deliver. We said our goodbyes and I quietly left the house and drove off. Ben's house is about an hour distant and then a further two hours for me to carry on to my home. I had left six hours for the three hour journey.

I drove to Ben's house and he was obviously expecting me as his mother had telephoned ahead. He opened the door as I approached and stood back as I went in with the parcel of books. I handed them to him which he accepted but showed very little or no interest.

`Are you leaving straightaway, David' he asked quietly.

`No, I can stay for a couple of hours.'

`Oh good.' he breathed softly and stepped towards me and put his head on my chest.

I put my arm around him and he looked up at me in that particularly fetching way he has. Any resolve I had in not continuing with this melted and I kissed him gently but which he returned eagerly.

He pulled back slightly and looked up at me.

`I'm not in any hurry Ben.' He nodded, and turned towards the stairs.

I enjoyed the thought that within a couple of hours of being aroused by his mother in a shower, I would be making love with her 24 year-old son.

I held him close to me as we kissed and ran our hands over each other's naked bodies. I then edged down the bed, kissing his neck, shoulders and chest until I paused and sucked and then gently pinched both of his nipples in turn with my lips. I carried down across his flat stomach on the way to my goal. His penis was rock-hard with its head glistening and slippery with precum. I teased the head with my mouth, enjoying the slightly salty taste before taking it into my mouth. I heard Ben take a sharp intake of breath and felt his hand on my head. I am never too sure who enjoys this the most; I adore sucking his cock. I love the feel of it in my mouth as I slide it in and out, milking it of precum with my hand as I do so.

`Turn over Ben.' I said softly.

He rolled over face down and parting his legs slightly. I gazed down at his hairless body as I lubricated his pert arse using first one finger and then two; with practiced ease I climbed between his parted legs and slid my hard penis in gently until I felt the first hint of resistance; I stopped moving but kept the slightest force and waited. After half a minute or so I felt his arse muscles gently relax and I slid fully into him in one slow and smooth movement. He let out a quiet gasp.

We stayed joined or about 20 minutes or so. I occasionally pulled out to re-lubricate him before entering effortlessly again. Towards the end I felt my penis swelling and I think he sensed it to as he pressed back hard against me as I moved into him, and very soon I came.

I am still at a loss to explain how good it feels to make love with this young boy nor that I have no pang of conscience that I am also his mother's lover. That I made love to them within hours of each other somehow heightened my selfish pleasure.

As we lay there side-by-side afterwards, I asked him about his girlfriend. He was somewhat surprised that I knew but told him that his mother had mentioned it and was pleased for him. I asked what she's like. He hesitated and said that she was in her last year at college and was pretty and that she had put him at his ease; he is the first to admit that he has never particularly felt comfortable in female company. I asked him how often he saw her and he said once, perhaps twice, a week as she was still studying and he was trying to settle into his new job. On impulse, I asked him if she stayed here at his house.

`No,' he said softly, `we haven't got to that kind of level yet.'

I said that I wasn't trying to pry which was a bit of a lie as his mother had pondered much the same question but hadn't like to ask him. I couldn't enlighten her, being in the relationship I was in with her son, so would made some noncommittal comments as she idly talked to me.

`Well Ben, it will happen as it's meant to be and I'm sure it will. It's a natural progression and it will happen. You are both young so you have plenty of time, just don't rush things.'

He sat up suddenly. `I'll show you a picture of her.' With that he got out of bed and picked up his mobile `phone.

I looked at him as he crossed the room, picked it up, turned around and came and stood beside the bed; he was a good-looking lad with a fine body. I had long since stopped bothering about whether it was alright for a man to look at the body of another and see beauty in it. I did. He sat on the side of the bed and pressed a few buttons on his mobile and handed it to me.

`This is her. Her name is Julie.'

I looked at a head and shoulders shot of a very attractive girl. Her hair was shoulder-length and she had a very winning smile. However, what struck me was she had the most gorgeous pair of eyes; they were quite large and a very deep brown. There is no doubt she is a very pretty girl and I told him that. He looked quite pleased and I asked if it was him that had taken the photograph? It was, he said; he'd taken it a few days earlier when they had been out somewhere in the evening. I told him that he was a very lucky boy. I put the phone down on the bed and looked at him.

`Come back in here,' I said, `I have some unfinished business to attend to.'

Without any hesitation he climbed in and lay against me. I kissed him lightly and then rolled him onto his back and once again kissed my way down until I took his hardening penis into my mouth. Using only my mouth I teased him to a full, hard and copiously leaking erection. Silently we lay there as I moved him in and out of my mouth while at the same time sliding my finger in and out of his arse made slippery by my cum. It didn't take long, perhaps a couple of minutes. I felt his body go rigid at the same time as he gasped followed very quickly by surprisingly powerful spurt as he came in my mouth. I held onto him as he bucked slightly with each spasm but I didn't let him go, swallowing as I held onto him, until he quietened and finally ceased to cum. He lay there breathing deeply and slowly until that too, quietened. I let his softening penis slipped from my mouth and moved up the bed and we kissed. He particularly liked us to do that after he had cum.

`I love it when you do that David.'

`If things go well for you Ben, you will like it even more when Julie does it for you.' I whispered and waited to gauge his reaction, which was one of silence for several seconds.

`I can't see that ever happening.' Then, after a second or so he said `I just don't have the confidence. It took me ages to pluck up the courage to even kiss her; other than that, I haven't laid a finger on her.'

`Right then!' I said sitting up quickly, `Let's make a pact. The next time you're out with her and you kiss, which you will, concentrate on her reaction and see if she keenly returns it. You will be surprised just how easy it is to do and the things it may lead to. If she doesn't want you to, you will know but it generally doesn't mean she never wants you to; just that she doesn't want you to yet. Does that make sense?'

He pondered for a while and then nodded. `I'll try.' He said quietly.

I told him that things would move on and that having moved house he was now more independent and could do largely as he liked. After all, I told him, he couldn't live in that small pokey bedroom at his mother's house for ever. He smiled and nodded in agreement and then said something that greatly surprised me.

`It is bit of a pokey room isn't it?' He said. `The bed was cramped enough for me so you must find it really small when you stay there.'

Either the look on my face, my silence, or perhaps both, clearly surprised him as he looked puzzled. Neither of us spoke for what seemed ages but I but I doubt it was more than a few seconds.

`I don't stay in your room, Ben.'

`Then where do you stay?'

Good heavens, I thought, am I really going to have to spell this out? In the ensuing silence I realised that yes, I was going to have to.

`In your mother's room, Ben.'

Again, a long silence, and then. `What, with her; in her bed?'

I didn't say anything, I just nodded.

`My God, I hadn't realised, I never thought. Are you really saying you sleep with my mother?'

I decided that I had to get rid of this incredulity on his part. `Yes,' I said bluntly, `and for a lot of the time we don't sleep'

His silence lasted for some time.

`I know that you're married David so I thought that you and Mum are just good friends. I can't imagine my own mother sleeping with another man, and certainly not one who is married. As for the thought of her having sex, well that's never entered my head. Having sex with you of all people is, well....' His voice faded away and he stayed silent.

I waited for a while as I am always reluctant to break a silence. However, after a minute or so, I did.

`Me having sex with her or because you and I have sex Ben?'

`Both' He said softly and then turned to look at me. `I think a lot of you David.' 

I said nothing and just nodded.

`When did you last have sex with her?'

`This morning,' I said bluntly and, added almost cruelly, `before coming to see you.'

`How can you do that?' he asked.

`Because I enjoy great sex with your mother and great but different sex with you. Not better or worse sex Ben, just different. If it makes any difference, I am very fond of you both.'

`And your wife David?'

`Don't go there Ben.' I said harshly.

`Sorry.' He said.

I nodded acceptance.

`Come back in here David.'

I lay beside him and drew him closely to me. After a minute or so he began to talk. He apologised and again repeated he hadn't even thought about his mother and me and couldn't imagine his mother in bed with a man. He told me that his friends would visit his house when he was younger and some of them would remark on the size of his mother's breasts, which embarrassed him. He was an even more embarrassed when a couple of friends said they used to masturbate whilst thinking about her. He also recalled, in retrospect, that the male teachers at the school were always ready to give her a generous amount of time during parents' evenings. As he grew older he recognised that she was an attractive woman. He had only seen her naked couple of times and really that was the sum total of his knowledge about women. I asked him how he felt when he saw his mother naked. He paused and said, in an embarrassed tone, that he, like his friends, sometimes masturbated at the thought of it.

I let him talk until he naturally fell silent. I raised myself on one elbow and looked down at him.

`Look at me,' he said softly, `getting hard at the thought of my mother.'

I looked down and indeed he was sporting the beginnings of a respectable erection.

I kicked aside the sheet and pushed him onto his back whilst in the same movement went down and took his half-hard penis fully into my mouth. I heard his sharp intake of breath and felt his penis move as it started to harden. For good measure, I slid my index finger into his arse and felt for the bulge of his prostate and started to massage it as I moved his penis in and out of my mouth. In less than a minute he gasped; I let his rigid and twitching penis fall from my mouth and, giving it a couple of encouraging strokes with my free hand, lay it across his flat stomach as the first streak of cum snaked across it. He bucked and the first streak was followed by another and then another. He cried out as I continued to stroke his penis at the same time massaging his prostate. He grabbed my hand holding his penis in a surprisingly strong grip but still he bucked as the spasms continued. His cries diminished as the stream of his cum slowed and I withdrew my finger. Eventually, he quietened down but his body still shaking, as if shivering. I let go of his penis and pushed his legs apart and lay between them, looking down at him.

He was almost in a faint and breathing shallowly, his eyes half focussed and his limbs still slightly trembling. I knelt back, took both of his legs and raised them onto my shoulders. His legs were surprisingly limp and he offered no resistance. By raising my shoulders I was able to lift is arse clear of the bed; balancing on one arm, I scooped up a generous amount of his cum in my hand and reached down between his legs and spread it over his opening. I took what I could of his remaining cum from his stomach and chest and rubbed it over my rigid penis. Feeling my way with the head of my cock I slid fully into him in one smooth movement. He gasped, fully opened his eyes and reached up and joined his hands behind my neck.

`Oh yes please.' He whispered.

Where before we had made love, now I fucked him. After a few thrusts he matched my rhythm and pulled me fiercely down to kiss me with surprising force. Again we matched each other's thrusts - until after a few seconds, he spoke.

`Oh yes.' He gasped softly, and then, in a whisper, `Daddy's fucking me.'

I stopped, fully inside him.

He opened his eyes, focussed on my face and then giggled, almost girlishly. As he did so, I felt the ripples of his laughter reach my cock. I came instantly. As I tried to force myself ever deeper into him with each contraction he continued to chuckle in a deep and mischievous tone.

`That caught you by surprise David.'

I replied in kind.

`When I was fucking mummy this morning, just like I am fucking you now, I liked watching her large breasts move up and down with every thrust. Sometimes, she plays with her breasts, pinching the nipples until they stand up rigidly and then she likes me to suck on them as we fuck.'

I paused, fully inside him. `I bet you'd like to do that with Julie wouldn't you?'

I saw a flicker of doubt pass across his face and then he said softly, `No,' he paused, `no, I wouldn't.'

He looked unsure as if trying to figure out how to express something. I was still inside him and made no movement. He took a deep breath and then let it out slowly as if he'd resolved something in his head.

`I don't know what to do with Julie.' He said and I caught the sound of desperation in his voice. He paused and then said. `I'd like mother to tell me.'

He didn't say anything else and I didn't respond. I pulled out and lay beside him.

We lay in silence for a couple of minutes.

`I doubt that's going to happen Ben, nice idea though it is. You'll have to fumble your way about just as every other boy does. Anyway, why don't you talk about your fears with your mother? You have nothing to be shy about.'

`I couldn't. I just couldn't David. It's not an option.'

He fell silent and I let it stay that way for a while and then said quietly that it was time I was moving. I said I'd be around in about three or four weeks' time and I would possibly stay with his mother on my way home. He looked at me in a questioning sort of way; I said that I would call in to see him on my way home.

It was nearly six weeks before I was heading back from business and on my way to his mother's house. During that six weeks things had changed and she told me that Ben would be there when I arrived but that he was going to leave early evening perhaps even before I arrived. However, when I arrived his car was on the drive. She met me at the door led me through the house into the back garden where they were having an early evening drink. I have to say she looked great...and Ben did too. She had on the loveliest summer dress which showed her ample cleavage and when she turned around the straps went over her shoulders and crossed at the back and joined to the back of the dress which was cut surprisingly low. Ben was tanned and relaxed and clearly appreciated how good she looked. She wasn't wearing a bra so I assumed that all she had on the other than the dress was her usual thong which she always wore when she knew I was arriving.

We spent a very pleasant hour sat in the garden enjoying our drinks. Ben was confident and good company. His mother was beautiful and charming and exhibited that unique confidence that only a mature woman can. She served our drinks, moving gracefully from one to the other and I watched Ben's eyes following her as she did so. Also, there was a dawning realisation that she was enjoying herself too and indeed, she was flirting with us both. By the time Ben announced that he was leaving an idea had formed in my mind.

We said our goodbyes and I walked out with Ben to his car.

`Will I see you tomorrow David, on your way home?' he asked.

`I've got a better idea, Ben' I said, `turn up here tomorrow at 10 o'clock and let yourself in.' He looked at me quizzically. `Come and find us.'

He went to speak but I cut across him and said `Ten o'clock tomorrow morning Ben, come and find us.' I turned and walked back to the house where his mother was waiting.

We ate a light supper sitting in the garden until the fading light and the cooler air encouraged us to go inside. She stacked the dishes to clear up in the morning. She turned to me, took my hand and led me upstairs to her room. She stood by the bed facing me. She reached behind herself and undid the two buttons that held the straps of her dress and let it fall to the floor. She stood there wearing just her thong, looking at me. I glanced down and noticed that the crotch of it was clearly wet. She saw that I'd noticed and gave me one of her slow, wicked smiles. As I started to undo my shirt she lay on the bed on her back and lifted her legs up and pulled off her thong and threw it to one side and then blatantly parted her legs.

I left my clothes where they fell and without any preamble went down on her. She was drenched. After less than a minute she came heavily and held my head hard against her. When she calmed down, still holding my hair, she pulled me up and kissed me while at the same time grabbing my cock and pulling me into her. After no more than two minutes of which can only be described as hard fucking, I took my chance.

`Fancy getting so turned on by flirting with your son.'

She didn't respond nor hesitate, she just continued to thrust against me.

`Imagine Ben's fucking you.' She gasped and I realised that I was getting into it too. `That's why you were flirting with him. You wanted him to fuck you and now he is.'

As I said that, any control that we had deserted us both and our thrusting became almost animal like. `Go on, fuck Ben harder.' I said harshly. And with that I came. As I did so she let out a low, long moan.

`Oh yes, oh yes.' She said almost inaudibly and I felt her orgasm under me.

When I softened, I lay beside her. Neither of us spoke nor broke the silence in any way and we just drifted off to sleep.

The following morning we woke quite early, her before me, and immediately got up to make coffee which she brought back to bed. She climbed beside me and sat there quietly sipping her coffee and apparently deep in thought. I felt certain that she was thinking of last night but I didn't make any attempt to break into her reverie. After a while she put her cup to one side and lay down beside me, snuggling up close. I caressed her breast and she reacted surprisingly quickly so I moved my hand down between her legs; she was remarkably wet. I went to speak but she must have sensed it.

`Don't mention last night.' She said.

`Why, because you enjoyed it?' I asked mischievously.

She didn't answer.

I got out of bed and walked to her dressing table and opened the bottom right-hand drawer. My movement grabbed her attention because that is where she kept her vibrator and other toys connected with our lovemaking. I removed the vibrator from the draw and also four silken scarves. When I turned and walked toward the bed she smiled and settled herself in the centre of the bed spreading her arms and legs as she did so. Neither of us spoke as I used each scarf in turn to tie firstly her spread arms, then her parted legs, to the four corner posts of the bed.

I sat beside her on the bed facing her. I took the vibrator and held it in front of me turning it on as I did so. I played it firstly across her breasts marvelling at how quickly her nipples reacted and then lightly running it down across her stomach and down, passing it briefly over her clitoris and noting that she reacted almost as if she had received an electric shock. I spent the next few minutes teasing her wet opening and her clitoris with the vibrator until she started following its every movement in an attempt to keep in contact with her clitoris. After a minute or so her breathing quickened and I chose the moment where she started to cum to slide the vibrator inside her. As ever, when she was tied like this, her orgasm wracked her body and she fought the restraints, twisting this way and that with each convulsion. As the spasms weakened I reduced the speed of vibrator until it stopped completely and let her quieten down with it still inside her. When she stopped moving I withdrew it completely.

I waited until her breathing calmed down and knelt between her legs. At this point I was hoping that she would stay true to form. I was not disappointed.

`Fuck me, David.' She said softly, and then almost inaudibly `Rape me, be rough with me.'

I needed no second bidding and I did just as she asked and just as I hoped she would. As ever it was wild, rough and just plain uninhibited fucking. For five minutes or so we thrashed, kissed, sucked and bit as I pounded into her and she struggled beneath me all the while muttering a string of obscenities. I kept thrusting even as I came, finishing with one last plunge into her.

We lay with me on top of her until my penis softened and I slid out of her. As I did so I pulled away and looked down to see her opening and the inside of her thighs were wet with traces of my cum. I stood up beside the bed and looked down at her and then bent over and kissed her.

`You are one amazing and beautiful sight.' I said.

At that moment I heard Ben's car arrive, dead on time.

`David, quickly, untie me. Tell him to wait downstairs.'

I didn't reply, I just reached for my jockey shorts and pulled them on. As I did so we both heard the front door open.

`Wait, Ben!' She called out. `I'll be right down.'

As I went to the bedroom door I heard his footsteps on the stairs. 

`Ben, don't come in. Wait there!' She called again.

I opened the door and stood back. He reached the top of the stairs and I noticed almost in passing that he was dressed for a summer's morning, wearing just a pair of shorts and T-shirt and that he was barefoot.

He showed no surprise upon seeing me standing there in just my shorts. He continued into the room and turned to look at his mother naked and tied to the bed.

The silence in the room was complete. There was no noise from outside, no ticking of clocks in the room, just an overwhelming sense of quiet and calm. Nobody spoke nor moved; even our collective breathing was muted. It stayed like this for a seemingly long time although I would imagine it was only for a few seconds.

`Untie me Ben.'

He didn't say anything. He moved and stood by the bed. He paused and looked her up and down and then sat down on the side of the bed facing her.

`Untie me please Ben.' She said quietly.

He didn't move for a few seconds and then slowly reached across for the scarf restraining her left hand. He took hold of the loose end of the scarf, hesitated, and then let it go. He pulled his hand back a little way, paused again, and then back until it was about six inches above her breast.

`Ben, this is not a good idea.' She said, her voice quavering a little.

He looked directly into her eyes and she unwaveringly met his gaze. I watched this frozen and silent tableau in mute fascination. It was possibly only for three or four seconds but at the time it seemed to take an age. Slowly he lowered his hand.

Silently, and without either apparently noticing, I left the room and went into Ben's former bedroom where I had left my overnight case.
