The walk along the path through the woods that sheltered the houses from the sea wind was a brief one indeed and he soon was walking up the steep couple of steps that would lead him to the sand path across the dunes, through the reeds that grew on the sand.

He paused on top of the dune to take in the view, gazed down the sand, to the still sea and the arching sky overhead. It was breathtaking indeed, and it smelled of freedom and peace. It was magnificent, and he felt some of the unhappiness the dream had left him with slip away, slide away, like loose sand, to be washed away by the sea.

The beach itself was almost deserted, a jogger could be seen in the distance, running along the sand where waves broke on it, his dog running circles around him. Looked like it was a shepherd dog, from what Orlando could make out in the light of the rising sun. The sun had yet to clear the horizon, but the sky was already bright and red and it could only be a matter of minutes before it came up. There was fog on the horizon, though, so the sunrise itself would be veiled. A shame, Orlando thought, he'd have enjoyed watching it. It wasn't often that he got the time to do something like that.

‘Oh, Viggo would love this,’ he thought wistfully.

He looked down again, carefully choosing his footing down the other side of the dune, for the three or four steep steps one needed to take on the shifty sand to get down to the beach proper and the soft, flat stretch of sand below. There was someone sitting on the sand, about fifty yards or so away from him, he noticed. A guy, from the looks of it, apparently lost in contemplation of the sea.

Funny how he almost looked like Viggo in the twilight, with the haircut about the same that Viggo had sported when Orlando had seen some footage from his recent movie premiere. Hell, he even wore a similar jacket.

Orlando was intrigued.

He'd just walk by the guy, he decided, acting as if he was going down to the ocean - he was going to pause and say good morning and get a look at the guy and laugh at himself inwardly for how mad he was to mistake random strangers for his former lover.

Or how desperate.

The guy didn't move until Orlando was almost next to him, maybe two or three yards away. Then he started to turn around, apparently curious about who or what was encroaching on his space and silence.

Orlando's mentally prepared "Good Morning" slipped from his mind as he took in the face of the man across from him. He stopped, stunned, and the silence stretched a bit too long before he finally managed to croak out a startled and unbelieving: "Bloody hell! Viggo!?"

Viggo looked up at him just as startled and quickly got to his feet, shifting awkwardly and brushing sand from his trousers and hands. "Orlando. I … I can explain ..."

He looked good.

My god, but he looked good. Good enough to eat. Or do lots of other things to, Orlando decided. And his system seemed to have gotten over the shock of the unexpected meeting quickly, if the response to the sight of Viggo standing barefoot on a beach, dressed in old jeans and a tight t-shirt was any indication. Yummy, his brain supplied. Yummy, but sad and terribly nervous, the less sex focused part of his brain supplied. He'd rarely seen Viggo nervous, and never really when talking to him, not since before they became close in New Zealand. 'Why would he be nervous?' he asked himself.

He waved Viggo's stuttered beginning of an explanation away. "Never mind, Vig. Hell, I am not going to question whatever good fortune brought you to this beach! But what are you doing in Denmark? Aren't you supposed to be doing something artistic or other in Idaho, this being a year off for you and all?"

Orlando grinned. He knew he was babbling and he was keenly aware of the fact that they still stood awkwardly in front of each other, overly conscious of giving each other space, when once they would have hugged without a second thought. Or kissed each other passionately, in as deserted and private location as this. But this was Viggo, here! How great was that. Even if … he resolutely brushed the thought away.

Viggo smiled at him, that smile that darn if it didn’t make his heart melt straight through.

"Well, and aren't you supposed to be in Los Angeles?"

Orlando shrugged ruefully: "Touché, old man. But - seriously, what are you doing here?"

Viggo seemed to sink into himself, hesitant. Orlando frowned. Was something wrong? More wrong than the usual between them? But then Viggo visibly gathered his courage and replied: "I came to see you, Orlando."

Orlando's brain stopped. Viggo had come to see him? But why? What could this mean?

He didn't question the fact that Viggo had found him where no-one was supposed to know that he was - it seemed right to him that Viggo could find him whenever and wherever he wanted to. But why was he looking so – sad? Scared? Frightened?

His brain supplied a possible, and horrible, explanation: 'But - wait - what if he came to the house before he came here? What if he was there? What if it was real? What if I sent him away? What if that is why he looks so down? What if - OH MY GOD NO!’ Orlando panicked. What if he had been awake, what if it had been no dream?

He studied Viggo again, now, very closely, conscious that if that had been the case then every word now would count. At least Viggo was still speaking to him, that was a good sign. It probably had only been a dream. He was probably being paranoid. But … .

Right.

Time to face it like a man - or not face it at all, Orlando thought. He held up a hand.

"Viggo, I can't say how happy I am to see you, but before we say anything else, I need to ask you something -"

"If it's about how I found you,..."

Orlando shook his head, "No, that'd be interesting to know, but you can always come find me, wherever and whenever and whyever, okay? No, this might be strange but I need to know when you arrived and what you've been doing since then?" He took a deep breath and steeled himself for the answer.

It was Viggo's turn to look confused, but he answered readily enough: "Well, I landed last evening in Copenhagen, rented a car and drove here. Then I spent the night on the beach, waiting for the sunrise, and wondering when and if I should go knock on your door."

"So you've not been to my house yet?"

Viggo shook his head "No. No I haven't. Why?" He paused and looked blank, then suddenly sad. "If there's someone else now, Orlando, that's not ... I ..."

Viggo felt his heart break - that's the only logical conclusion he could draw from Orlando's concerned question and the relieved way he was looking now at Viggo’s answer. So, Kate had been wrong, had she? It was right that she did not hold Orlando's affection, but apparently neither did Viggo.

He sighed. "It was good seeing you, anyway, Orlando. I'd best be going." He turned. He knew it would look strange when he'd told Orlando minutes earlier that he had come here to see him, but he really could not stomach staying. Besides, Orlando was a clever boy, he'd figure it out.

Orlando was startled out of his relieved musings by the sight of Viggo turning away and mentally backtracked through what Viggo had just said. He'd kind of stopped listening after Viggo's ‘no,’ relief flooding his senses. So it had only been a dream after all! But now why was Viggo leaving?? If there's someone else now, Orlando... ran through his mind. Oh no! Trust Viggo to jump to a conclusion like that! He had to stop him, now. He needed, needed to know why Viggo had come to see him. 'Oh please be here for the reason I would go to see you, love. Please oh please oh please…' he thought. Then he shook himself. His love was leaving while he stood there thinking and wishing for stars! It was time for some action, not idle wishing.

Viggo was stopped after only a step - the longest and most painful step of all steps he remembered ever taking - by a hand on his arm. This was the first time they had touched in a year, and at the contact sparks seemed to run through both of them. He barely stopped himself from shivering, but he could not stop his mind from wailing a plaintive 'Orlando... .'

Orlando quickly walked around Viggo until he stood in front of him, never relinquishing the hold he had on his arm. He did not say anything until he could look Viggo in the eyes. It was only when he could gaze into troubled storm-blue eyes that he spoke, carefully choosing his words: "No, Viggo. No. There's no one else. There's never been anyone else."

He paused to relish the relief that slowly crept into Viggo's eyes. Then he hesitated, suddenly terribly self-conscious and awkward and unsure of how to explain himself. But then he reminded himself that this was Viggo, who understood. Who always understood Orlando and Orlando's senseless babblings, even when they confused Orlando himself. This was Viggo. He'd understand, if only Orlando gave him the chance to.

So he went on, shrugging: "It's only ...,” he remembered the dreams, and the heartbreak he went through over and over again. His voice grew small. "I keep having these dreams. Of you. Night after night after night. Of you showing up and telling me - things. And wanting to stay. And in the beginning I let you. But ..." he shivered at the memory "but I always, always wake up alone. And it hurts. It hurts so much, Vig."

He took a deep breath, conscious of the steady gaze on him, the arms that somehow had come ho hold his shoulders tightly, the warmth and strength seeping into his body from the contact.

"So I've taken to sending you away, in my dreams. Not waking up next to you hurts less when it is of my own ..." he sniffled. Who was he kidding, here? "Of my own ... initiative."

He looked down, breaking the gaze, finished. He'd said his piece. Now it was up to Viggo to decide how to take this rather strange confession.

Orlando felt himself being drawn into a tight embrace and with a sigh let his head come to rest on Viggo's shoulders. If nothing else, at least Viggo didn't seem to be offended by the fact that his former lover kept having dreams about him. He allowed his hands to come to rest on Viggo's tights and shivered when a strong hand began to rub circles on his back, while another one started to brush his hair back from his face. How much he had missed this.

How much he had missed being able to touch Orlando, Viggo thought. To be close to Orlando. To hold Orlando. His heart felt light, free of the insecurities that had been bothering him on the way here from the States. From what Orlando had just told him, he definitely did not need to fear competition in Orlando's life. Not right now. He knew he should have been sad that Orlando seemed to have endured so much pain, and he was, he was, but he was also relieved, so relieved. It seemed that he still might stand the chance of getting a second chance with Orlando. He vowed right there not to screw this one up. Not ever.

"So you thought ..." a gravelly voice whispered close to his ear.

"So I - I feared you had been there and I had sent you away, Vig." Orlando murmured, burying his face in Viggo's neck and encircling the other man with his arms, holding him tightly. Even the thought of sending Viggo away made him feel terribly cold. Viggo felt so right in his arms. He even smelled the same, Orlando noticed. Still the same aftershave. Still the same Viggo. How the hell had he managed to go years without feeling this? That smell in his nose, those arms around him? How was he ever to do so again? He couldn't. He'd die from the loneliness.

Viggo felt Orlando start to shake softly and after a minute the part of his neck where Orlando had buried his face started to feel damp. 'He's crying,' Viggo realized, startled, concerned. "Shh, baby, don't cry, Please don't cry. What is wrong?" He ran his hands down Orlando's back in what he hoped were calming strokes.

"Don't want to cry. Can't stop," Orlando's small voice informed him. Viggo could not help smiling. So much like Orlando, that answer. How he had missed him. He'd not really been alive these last years without him, only existing.

"Okay, baby. But can you tell me why you are crying?" he tried a different track. 'Please, please let me be able to help Orlando.' he asked - he didn't know what. The universe. Karma. Whatever. 'Please...'

"Don't ... would … wouldn’t ..." Orlando held him even tighter and steeled himself for admitting out loud the thought that had made him cry. 'Here goes nothing, Viggo, but you did ask...': "I would never send you away, Viggo. Never. No way. It hurts so much..."

"Oh love," Viggo sighed, the endearment slipping out unnoticed. He felt his eyes mist over, too. How much pain his poor Orlando had been enduring. His Orlando. His ... from that thought came the next sentence: "And I would never go, baby, not willingly. Never." He let his voice run out, content to stay there, standing on the beach in the dawn light, holding Orlando close.

After a while Orlando drew back and rubbed his hands over his eyes, gathered himself together. Viggo only reluctantly let him go. He'd felt so right in his arms. When Orlando looked at Viggo again and his eyes met the dark ones looking at him so warmly he took a deep breath and knew that the time for action had come, right now. This was why he had come to Denmark, after all. He might as well tell Orlando now, while he looked so confident and insecure and vulnerable and sexy and young and old and serious and calm and beloved and ... so much like what he wanted to see for the rest of his life.

Orlando watched Viggo look at him and wondered at the thoughts that were chasing themselves across the other man's face. He knew that look. Determined Viggo. But determined to do - what? He was content to wait for Viggo to decide what to do next, but it came as no surprise when he almost felt Viggo gather himself across the short and yet far too wide space between them and gaze at him seriously. He met the gaze from those warm blue eyes calmly, confident in his trust in Viggo, even after all that had happened and not happened between them.

Viggo took Orlando's right hand between both of this and looked deeply into his eyes. "Orlando ..." he began haltingly, then cleared his throat and started over. "Orlando, there's something I need to tell you. Something I should have told you a long time ago and something that I came here to Denmark to finally say. Do with it what you will, but know that I say it freely and openly, under no duress and with no expectation of any action on your part. I only need to tell you this." He paused and studied Orlando again. Orlando who seemed to be holding his breath, who suddenly looked flushed and scared and hopeful and incredibly excited, and whose hand had started to trembled slightly between Viggo’s.

Viggo smiled and drew Orlando’s hand up so it rested on his chest, holding it so that Orlando's fingers came to rest over his heart, then put one hand over it, the other one reaching up to run along Orlando's cheek. Really, this was not difficult to say at all, not with Orlando looking at him like that. All his fears flew away in the face of so much – dare he hope it was anticipation? Viggo's heart began to soar and he broke out in a wide smile, almost laughing with the joy and freedom of finally, finally voicing what he, what they both, had needed him to say for so long:

"I love you, Orlando." He ran his hand along Orlando’s cheek tenderly, never looking away from those brown eyes. "I love you, Orlando,” he repeated, just for good measure. The mouth the outline of which his fingers were now tracing was beginning to smile. He decided to repeat himself, louder, laugher and relief mixing into his voice. “I love you. I, Viggo - love you, Orlando. I love you! I love you!!" He couldn't seem to stop himself saying it and would have been content to repeat it until the sun sank and rose again and sank and until the end of time, it felt so good and right. He would have, too, if he had not found himself the recipient of a very enthusiastic hug that squeezed the air he used for speaking right out of his lungs.

"I love you too, you daft git," Orlando mumbled against his ear. Then he leaned back so he could meet Viggo's eyes, which were shimmering now with happiness. He looked into them to repeat himself. "I love you, Viggo. I love you. My god, but I love you."

Orlando seemed to be in the same predicament he had been in, Viggo observed, grinning at Orlando. They had come such a long way to say this. And now they were here, at last, in this moment.

He knew they needed to talk, but not now. He was not going to spoil this perfect moment with talk of past mistakes and regrets. But there might something else he could do to stop Orlando, something that did not involve past regrets, but something far better. His hands came up to cradle Orlando's face between them.

Orlando's breath caught at the look on Viggo's face and the hands that came to cradle his head, and he stopped in the middle of what he had been saying. A flash of desire ran through him, coming to rest and sizzle in his heart and in his groin, at the look on the face of his lover. Oh, yes, he knew that look, too! Determined, horny Viggo. A look that promised hot sex - no, not sex, never again sex between them - from now on they would be making love. No matter what else it involved, walls, tables, the floor, rough and hard or warm and tender; it would always involve love - the minute they got out of their clothes.

Despite the desire that was becoming almost a physical entity between them, their kiss was slow and deliberate, warm and tender. Neither one of them wanted to rush this, and so they looked into each others eyes, both smiling like loons, as their faces came closer and closer together and they finally bumped noses softly before turning their heads slightly and moving their gaze away before becoming cross-eyed.

The first touch of lips against lips sent so many emotions sizzling through Viggo it almost overwhelmed him. Familiarity, tenderness, love, regret, contentment, home, warm sun on his back, the taste of Orlando after he'd had his morning tea, before he brushed his teeth, after a night out with the Hobbits, of beer and smoke, long nights spent in each others arms ... he consciously stopped the cascade of memories to concentrate on the here and now, on soft lips only just barely resting against his, barely moving. Nothing overtly sexual about the kiss - not yet - and yet it made him ache and yearn all over. If he had been able to crawl into Orlando, to vanish into him, to never be seen by anyone but him, but always be with Orlando, never having to part, right now, he would have done so.

Orlando felt like, after spending years underwater, holding his breath to keep from drowning and almost blacking out from the pain of not breathing and keeping his breath in, he had finally reached the surface again and was able to take in deep gulps of air, sweet air. 'Maybe I can only breathe air when around Viggo' he thought, dizzily. 'He is my air.'

Then someone, they never were able to figure out who it had been, shifted slightly and moved his lips over the other pair. They both moaned at the sensation, the feeling of stubble scratching over stubble - neither one of them had shaved recently - and all thoughts were lost in a spiral of desire, of lips slipping open, mouths opening and tongues meeting, at first tentatively and tenderly but quickly becoming heated and urgent.

Orlando had no conscious memory of when or how his hands had come to be buried in the waistline of Viggo's jeans, but there they were, tugging at Viggo's t-shirt to loosen it from the snug fit it had into the jeans, so he could reach bare skin. Viggo's hands were equally busy, it seemed, alternately cradling his head and undoing the buttons of his loose shirt.

Viggo finally managed to get all the buttons open and tugged the front of Orlando's shirt out of his trousers and away from his body, to hang loosely by Orlando's sides. Orlando shivered when the cold morning air hit his chest, then moaned into the kiss when Viggo's hand followed right after the first touch of cold air.

"Oh my god. Viggo," he muttered into the kiss, not sure how much of it was understandable, but sure Viggo would get the meaning of it anyway, if not the content of it. He felt like he was wound so tightly that he might well explode any second, with any touch.

"Orlando," Viggo's voice answered him, equally indistinct. Then he had managed to tug Viggo's t-shirt out of his trousers completely and moved back from the kiss, just enough to tug it over Viggo's head. Viggo, too, shivered at the cold air, but all thought of the cold air was forgotten when Orlando's hands came to rest on his bare back. He groaned deeply, the vibration sending more shivers through Orlando, and moved his hands under Orlando's loose shirt to run them along the younger man's back in mirror to what Orlando was doing. They drew together the bare centimeters that still separated their bodies, skin now touching skin –

- and stopped. The kiss suddenly turned back to being languid and tender and all the more intense for it, and their hands came to rest low on their backs. The feeling of skin touching skin was so familiar and had been so absent from their lives that they both wanted to savor the moment. The kiss continued, only broken now and again for brief gulps of air. Desire still sizzled in both of them, but the urgency of it was gone for now.

After a while they even broke the kiss, still standing close, still touching, caressing, holding each other, and rested their heads against each other. "So..." Orlando murmured, and Viggo could hear the smile in it. He drew back slightly so he could see it, too. Yep, Orlando was smiling, Well, grinning, actually.

"So?" Viggo asked, smiling himself. Grinning. Whatever.

"So, you love me, huh?" Orlando grinned wider, if that was possible.

"Yep," Viggo nodded.

"And I love you."

"Yep."

Orlando seemed to ponder that a moment, then shook his head and replied, simple. "Cool."

Viggo laughed. "Cool?"

Orlando nodded enthusiastically. "Definitely cool. Cool as in - wonderful, incredible, oh my god you make me so fucking happy cool. Cool as in ..." he stopped and his brows drew together. His whole face seemed to quiver and he suddenly buried his face against Viggo's shoulder and started to shake and sob in great wracking shocks that made Viggo's heart hurt for him. Viggo leaned his head against Orlando's and held him tightly, as tightly as he could without hurting him and started rocking them together, cold air against his back, warm Orlando against his front and warm Orlando hands clutching at his back.

He understood. He understood all too well. He had not thought that he would ever get to told Orlando again, not as a friend and never as a lover.

Orlando continued shaking with what Viggo hoped were tears of catharsis and relief and release, and Viggo felt himself starting to cry, too, against Orlando's long, gorgeous, curly black hair, that smelled so familiarly of the shampoo Orlando had been using for as long as he had known him. It was loose and the wind was blowing strands of it across Viggo's face, and the same wind was uncomfortably cold against his back, but he cared not one bit about any of that. He loved Orlando. Orlando loved him. He felt overwhelmed with the knowledge, felt the obstacles it might bring along looming on the horizon, yet felt his heart soar with the knowledge and with the conviction that none of that mattered. Not as long as he had Orlando. They'd take it all, together. Finally together. Forever together, if he had his way.

Orlando clutched Viggo tightly, overwhelmed by what he was feeling, dazed and startled and bewildered by the intensity of it all and the amount of pain he was in, when he should have been happy. He was happy, but he was also hurting. He felt years of tension and loneliness, of dreams and empty mornings uncoil themselves inside him and rear their ugly head, trying to take him down into their darkness again, only to slip away one by one, being defeated and banished by Viggo's warm and comforting presence, Viggo's strong shoulder under his head, Viggo's arms holding him securely and tightly, by the memory oh what I love you sounded like from Viggo’s lips.

He seemed to be surrounded by the warmth that was Viggo, and he wanted it to never stop. He knew that it would probably take him a long time to fully come to believe in the reality and truth that was Viggo in his life, in the fact that he was really here, really here, not only here as a dream specter to vanish into the morning light, but here in his life for real, here to stay. For now and forever, if Orlando had his way.

Viggo was holding him tightly and Orlando knew that he understood that Orlando needed this release, this simply standing here together, needed to let it all go. That was one of the best things about Viggo, Orlando thought. He understood him. Even when they had not agreed, Viggo had always understood him. As he seemed to do now. Nevertheless, Orlando thought, he should probably say something, if only to stop Viggo from worrying needlessly.

He consciously tried to calm himself down and when he had mastered his sobs enough to only be sniffling and hiccupping occasionally he whispered against Viggo's slightly damp, he noted with a fleeting feeling of embarrassment, ear: "I'm sorry. It's just ...".

"...a bit much," Viggo completed his sentence when Orlando hesitated. Viggo felt the Brit smile against his ear.

"Exactly. Seems you can still complete my thoughts, Viggo."

Viggo smiled and rubbed Orlando's back. "That one was easy. I feel the same way. And I've had all the way from Los Angeles to here to prepare myself for this moment. Not that all the time in the world could really have prepared me for it." Orlando smiled and shivered.

Viggo noted it. "It's cold here, love."

Orlando smiled at the endearment, then reluctantly let Viggo go. "You're right. And I see you managed to take off your shirt." They both grinned at the sentence, a quote from a night of watching movies together, curled up in their bed in New Zealand, repeated as one of their private jokes countless tomes in wardrobe – and other places.

"Indeed. And whose fault is that?"

Orlando bent over to pick the shirt up from where it had fallen on the sand and shook it out. "Don't look at me like that - whose fault is it that I got carried away?" Viggo grinned and took the shirt from him. Orlando looked apologetic: "I am afraid it’s a bit cold and damp, but what do you say about swinging by your car to get your stuff and then I show you to my place and make you some breakfast?"

And just like that, he was staying with Orlando, it seemed. Viggo smiled, shrugged his shirt on and drew Orlando close by the lapels of his shirt, buttoning it up and kissing him softly on the lips. "That sounds good. Lead the way, oh fearless elf."

He slapped Orlando's buttock and the younger man tried to look affronted, but spoiled it with a giggle. Then he grabbed his hand and almost force-marched Viggo off the beach, up to the dunes and the path through the woods, towards his holiday home, breakfast, and the future.