Megan's ENF At Adult Store
by psullivan22222

Megan's ENF At Adult Store Ch. 07

Megan's ENF at Adult Store - Ch. 07 (School).

Megan woke up naked again. She stayed in bed, lounging, enjoying the lazy feeling. Her mind flashed back to yesterday. Standing naked on the stage; in front of all those people. The way they looked at her. How it felt when the bull penetrated her; and fucked her with everyone watching.

Megan let her fingers run along her skin. Her nipples starting to harden. She could feel herself getting turned on.

She wasn't just fucked. She was used, and used hard. It was raw. It was primal. The bull needed her cunt, and he took it and used it.

Megan slipped a finger into her pussy; just a little. And then, started a slow tease; running little circles around her clit.

The alarm sounded, interrupting her.

"Shit. I have class this morning" Megan blurted out.

Frustrated, Megan went through her morning routine, and took special care of shaving her pussy. The feel of her smooth mound just made her more horny.

She stood in front of her closet.

"What can I wear to school that won't make me look like a complete slut."

The last few days have been like a horny daze. She remembered getting rid of her old conservative outfits and replacing everything with sexier and edgier cloths.

Megan settled on a schoolgirl outfit. It consisted of a little pink plaid skirt, and a white crop top shirt. The outfit came from the stripper store. So, it was more of a fantasy schoolgirl outfit, rather than actual school girl outfit. If Megan stood still, the skirt just covered her, but if she walked or even turned fast, then her ass and panties would show. For the panties, she settled on pink micro g-string. The front was a little low-rise triangle, and the back was the thinnest pink string. The white crop top had her entire midriff exposed, and a low plunging v-neck. She went without the bra as the crop top was too small and the bra wouldn't really look right. Most of her breasts were visible with just the areola covered with the top. It looked somewhat decent when she looked in the mirror, but when she went outside, she realized that in daylight, the material was semi-transparent and see-through.

The trip to the school was uneventful, but Megan got so many stares. The men openly stared, their eyes focused on her legs, or her tits. With the women, some glared, judging her, some knowingly smiled, and some checked her out, like the men. She was a hot piece of ass; she knew it, and they knew it.

Finally settled in class, Megan tried to sit with her legs crossed, but the skirt was just too short, which exposed her almost all the way up to her panties. She kept fidgeting trying to find a decent way to sit, which just drew more looks from her classmates including the professor.

The professor was a strict woman in her 30s, wearing professional pant suit. Megan always thought of her as a bitch.

"Megan, can you tell us what Sigmund Freud's theory on human sexual development is?" asked the professor, startling Megan out of her thoughts.

"I am sorry. I didn't get a chance to read today's reading" responded Megan.

"I see. I have to be honest Megan; you are not doing well in this class. I am sorry to say this in front of your peers, but you are at risk of failing this class. "

"This is an important topic, and I am very disappointed that you are not taking it seriously. Please come to the front of the class. I will demonstrate the importance of this topic. Your participation will act as your credit for missing your assigned reading."

Not seeing an option, and not wanting to fail, Megan stood up and walked to the front. She had to hold her skirt and tug it lower as she risked showing her ass to everyone.

Megan stood next to the professor, facing the class.

Professor continued, "Megan is a young, nubile girl in the prime of her sexuality. You can see by how she is dressed that she is on a hunt for a sexual partner."

The professor paused a moment, letting her words sink in to everyone.

"Look how short her skirt is," the professor continued, while pointing at Megan's skirt.

"Now, if you look closely at her breasts, you will see that she is not wearing a bra, and you can make out her hard nipples."

The professor moved her hand to point at Megan's tits.

"Megan, please tell the class, if you are wearing a bra."

"No" responded Megan, her face flushed with humiliation. She could feel herself becoming turned on.

"Megan, please be exact. In science, we need to be exact with facts."

"No, I am not wearing a bra."

"Megan, are you ovulating."

"Yes."

"Class. During ovulation, girls are more easily aroused, and horny. For the boys in the class, that means they are easy." The professor chuckled a little at her own joke.

"Megan, do you have a boyfriend."

"No"

"When was the last time that you had sexual intercourse."

"Yesterday" responded Megan. She involuntarily rubbed her legs together, trying to give herself a little stimulation. She could feel herself getting really wet.

"Class, Megan is sexually active. In our culture, using urban vernacular, Megan is a slut. The exact definition of the word is a girl that dresses provocatively and tries to entice men to have sex with her. A related urban word is a whore. That's a girl that is similar to a slut but gets paid for it and so is likely even easier than a slut. "

"Megan, you didn't get paid yesterday, did you?" The teacher asked casually.

"Well, I mean, it was job related. I guess."

"Oh, I didn't realize. You got paid for sex. Then that makes you not only a slut but also a whore. But, financially speaking, sluts make bad whores because the overriding goal for a slut is to get cock rather than make money. In urban slang, sluts and whores are part of whorehouses, or stables, and under a control of a pimp. "

"Class, settle down. Now, I am asking Megan very personal sexual questions. And given her already high state of arousal, these questions are actually increasing her arousal. When arousal increases, Megan's need to orgasm increases. Psychologically and physiologically, Megan is becoming more willing to do whatever it takes for sexual gratification."

"In science, we need to collect data, and then we can apply the scientific method. In psychology, a lot of the data collection is done by simply asking questions of the subjects. Let's continue, and I'll demonstrate."

"Megan, do you find fellatio sexually satisfying."

Before Megan could answer, the professor continued. "Class, fellatio would be a scientific term for what is commonly referred to as sucking cock. Other commonly used urban slang is blowjob, and giving head. When speaking with your clinical subjects, you should attempt to avoid clinical terms, and speak in their language. So, let me rephrase my question into a form that Megan is more likely to understand."

"Megan, does your cunt get wet when you're sucking cock?"

Megan just nodded.

"Class, so we can take that as an affirmative confirmation. But, Megan, please answer fully as you are part of this class and need to learn science as well. "

"OK" answered Megan and then added after a pause, "my cunt gets wet when I suck cock."

"Do you swallow cum?"

"Yes"

"Does your pussy get really wet when you swallow cum?"

"Yes"

"Do you like it when a man fucks your mouth? His hard throbbing cock pushed deep down your throat?"

"Yes"

"Class, what I am describing is termed deep throating. This is when a man uses a sluts mouth like a pussy, effectively fucking her mouth.

"Do you swallow cum?"

"Yes."

"Do you let men cum on your face?"

"Yes"

"Do you let men breed you?"

"Yes"

"Do you like how cum tastes?"

"Yes."

"Are you wet Megan."

"Yes."

"We can actually apply the scientific method and look for evidence so support verbal statements. Megan, please put a finger inside your pussy, move it around to collect the wetness, and pull it out, so we can all see how wet you are."

Megan was standing, facing the class. She carefully, put her hand under her dress, being careful not to lift the dress too much, and slipped a finger under her g-string and inside herself. She moaned inadvertently as soon as her finger went in. She was soaking wet, and she knew as soon as she pulled her finger out - everyone would see how wet she was.

Megan pulled her finger out and showed it to the professor.

"Horny, sexually active, nubile girls, like Megan, excrete a lot of wetness. This is a biological reaction for the body to prepare a pussy to receive a hard penis. And right now, this is what Megan needs most is to have a cock inside her pussy."

"Megan, please taste your juice and tell the class how it tastes."

"It tastes sweet."

"Many girls taste and lick their own secretions. It is less common for men to taste their own cum. The secretions have many minerals to make the womb more fertile and desirable place to deposit cum. The sweetness comes from the sugars that are present in the secretions. "

"Class, you noticed how easily Megan agreed to finger herself in public in front of the whole class. The reason is her heightened sexual arousal. She needs the smallest excuse to continue with sexual gratification. Let me demonstrate again. "

"Megan, we need to test your tits for sexual response. Everyone can already see your nipples through your top, so please take your top off."

Megan, in a horny stupor, pulled the top over her head and let it drop to the floor.

"Class, notice I used the more vulgar term tits rather than breasts. The use of words triggers the mind, which further associated the request in Megan's head with sexual gratification, making her even more willing to comply."

"Megan, pinch your nipples."

Megan took her nipple in between her fingers and pinched her nipple hard causing herself to squeal loudly, which in turn, evoked laughter from the class.

"Class settle down. When a girl is very aroused, her nipples are very sensitive and that's what caused Megan to make that noise. For very sexually active girls, stimulation of erogenous zones overwhelms any rational thought. In slang, her wet cunt is in-charge. "

"Megan, please turn around, with your ass facing the class, and bend at your waist. Legs spread shoulder length."

Megan did as she was told, having her tits lewdly hanging down, and causing her little skirt to ride up and expose her ass to the class.

"Class. Please make a few notes. First, I didn't need to provide Megan with any reasons. I simply told her what to do and she did it no matter how humiliating. Second, and this is what we discussed earlier, notice how little her pink g-string is. Megan chose the g-string this morning hoping someone will see it. This is another example of how a sexually active person is always ready and hunting for a sexual gratification. Next, look closely and you can actually see how wet she is."

"Megan please take your panties off."

Megan simply moved her hands, lowered her panties, stepped out of them, handed the panties to the professor, and returned to her bending position, her naked ass now exposed.

"Very good." The professor handed the panties to the nearest student.

"Please pass these around. All of you, see how wet her panties are. Also, notice the strong smell of sex. Those are the pheromones her body is releasing to attract sexual partners."

"Megan, please put your hands behind you and spread your ass cheeks so the class can better see your holes."

Megan did as she was told. She pulled her ass cheeks out, exposing her anus, and causing her pussy to gap.

"Sluts by definition need to have lots of sex. So, let's see a show of hands. How many people think Megan's pussy is loose? I see quite a few hands. And how many people think Megan's pussy is tight? Only a few people. Interesting results."

"Megan, is your little pussy tight or lose?"

"It's very tight." responded Megan while still holding her ass cheeks spread.

"Class. So, most of you think that Megan has a loose pussy. And your reasons are very good. Megan is a nubile, sexually active slut and has admitted to getting paid for sex. So, the obvious choice is that her pussy is indeed loose because of the assumption that she has lots of sex and so her pussy is very stretched and ruined. But, on the other hand, some of you think that Megan's pussy is very tight, a virgin pussy maybe, and Megan herself admits to having a tight pussy. So, how can we tell who is right? This is where the scientific method comes in. We have our hypothesis that Megan's pussy is loose because she is a slut. The next step is we need to run some tests, and make observations, so we can analyze the results and either prove the hypothesis true or refute it."

"Let's get a volunteer to the front. Mike, please come up. "

"We need to run some tests. You will put 1 finger inside her pussy and test how easy it slides in and out. Then, you will repeat with 2 fingers, then 3, and so forth until you are unable to push in anymore fingers. If Megan is indeed loose, then you will probably be able to put your whole arm inside her. In urban slang, this is called fisting. You can insert your entire arm into her, and she will be like a puppet, you move your arm, and her whole-body shakes from an orgasm."

"Megan, please get up on the table, and get on your back, legs up and out - and use your hands to open yourself up, for easy access. Mike please proceed. "

Megan did as she was told. She got up on top of the table, in the front of the room, got on her back, and spread her legs wide, and then used her hands to further spread her pussy open. Showing herself to the entire class. An hour ago these were her fellow peers, and now they just saw her as some kind of a sex obsessed slut.

Mike slowly pushed a single finger inside Megan, causing Megan to moan.

"How is our Megan. Is she loose or tight?" asked the professor.

"She is very tight - but really wet. One finger went in without any resistance."

"Ok, go ahead and do the 2 finger test now. "

Mike pushed a second finger inside Megan. He then started a slow in and out motion, slowly hand fucking Megan in-front of the entire class. Megan just moaned with every thrust inside her.

"What do you think - can you put the 3rd finger in?"

"I don't think I can. She is too tight."

"I see. Try increasing the thrusting faster. Really go in and out really fast, and make sure to give her clit some stimulation with every thrust too."

"Class, what Mike will be doing is simulating fucking by increasing the speed. In essence, Megan will get a hard finger fuck. The fast friction increases the heat in the pussy, which quickens orgasm, which will in turn, loosen her pussy, and allow Mike to push a 3rd finger in. Lets see if it works. "

Mike started to finger bang Megan, her tits swinging with every thrust. Megan just moaned harder with every thrust, feeling her orgasm approaching.

"Fuck. I am so close. Keep going, " moaned Megan.

"Ok. That's enough." said the professor, and Mike reluctantly stopped.

"No, please. Let him finish" begged Megan.

"Class. Pay attention to this part. "

"Megan, beg and maybe I'll let him continue."

"Please continue. Please stick those fingers back in. All my holes are you yours. Please, I'll do anything. My pussy is so wet, my ass is yours, my mouth. Please fuck me. I'll be your good little wet slut. Make me your pocket pussy."

"Megan. This is not a porn shoot. I am trying to teach the class about the scientific method, not get you off. I am afraid, you will need to restrain yourself. "

"Class, you saw how much she needed sexual gratification. It is the human condition that a horny pussy overrides rational thought."

"Mike, please try to insert the third finger."

"I am sorry professor; she is too tight."

"Class, there you go. Although, most of you thought that Megan's pussy is very loose, it is in fact very tight just as the minority of you thought. What this shows is the importance of not jumping to conclusions, but follow the scientific method and see where it takes you."

Megan was still on the table with her legs spread wide open. She was still holding her pussy lips open, exposing her wet gaping pussy to the whole class. Megan was panting hard, being so horny and frustrated to be so close to orgasm.

"Megan, so looks like you are brand new to your slutty lifestyle. When did this start?"

"I got a job a few days ago, and they have these tasks they need me to complete to become more comfortable with my sexuality. I think these tasks are turning me into a slut."

"What is this job?"

"It's at the adult toy emporium off the highway," answered Megan.

"Perhaps, your classmates can visit you at work now," said the professor while smiling.

"Class, I have an idea. A big part of science is observation of the subjects in their natural environment. Field work. Lets all meet up at the adult store - and continue the less. Megan you can come with me in my car."

"Class. I hope to see everyone there - and this will count towards your field work points, so I encourage everyone to attend."



