Story: Her Wifely Duty - F/M

"Come on, honey, I know you don't always feel like it, but we do have an agreement and a commitment to do this," my wife stated as she stood with her hands on her hips.  Her tone said that she was being nice as a last effort before getting authoritative.  

It was true - we did have an agreement which we worked out in an avant-garde counselor's office after having "some problems".  This counselor referred to something she called the "Spencer Spanking Plan", and said that her plan had some similarities, but could not be called the Spencer Plan.  The agreement was that when one of us did something that upset the other one, the aggrieved party would administer corporal discipline to the other one.  It worked both ways, with one exception.  I could give her hand spankings or use the hairbrush over the lap.  She could use the paddle, hairbrush, strap, cane, or switches on me, and across the lap was optional.  She could have me lie on the bed to get the strap, for example.  

There were some other ground rules.  The discipline could never be administered the same day as the upset, and the aggrieved party decided on the number of sets.  A set is ten spanks for her, and a dozen strokes for me.  And all decisions were absolutely final.  Plus, if the aggrieved party failed to follow through, they would be liable for three sets.  We kept a log of discipline administered for the counselor to review.

"Off to the bedroom now.  Face down on the bed with pillows underneath!" she ordered.

I saw her fiery eyes looking at me - the eyes that were so alluring to me when we first met - and I went into the bedroom, where she always administers my spankings.  I undressed, since she wants me to stip down to my undies for my discipline.  When I am in position, she pulls my undies down as part of the ritual.  Sometimes it feels sensuous, other times it's embarrasing.

I remember one time when we were first starting this routine, after she administered two sets of strokes, I laughed and asked her, "Have you started yet?"  That really made her mad.  Ever since then she has put an incredible amount of energy into each stroke.  And I haven't laughed at her administering discipline since.

After stripping down to my undies, I arranged two pillows to raise my hips, and positioned myself face down on the bed.  The rules specify that extra strokes can be given if the spankee squirms too much or gets out of position.  So I gathered my resolve as much as I could while waiting for my strapping.  She always makes me wait a few minutes when I'm in position, probably to increase the suspense.  I'm also not supposed to look at her when she's administering the spanking, so I had my head turned so that I would be looking away from her as she strapped me.

Then I heard quiet footsteps into the bedroom.  A few seconds later, I felt her fingers inside the waistband of my briefs and she slowly pulled them down just far enough to expose my bared bottom.  She did not say a word through the whipping.  She just applied several sets of strokes with a brief pause between each set.  

As usual, I tried not to react at first.  Sometimes I don't want her to know that the strap hurts.  And, as usual, she got a reaction after just a few strokes.

When at last it was over, she walked quietly out of the bedroom, having done her wifely duty.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
