Military Son 1 (b/toy, m/b)

Chapter 1

You a faggot, boy?

Thats my dad. Whenever he gets embarrassed or doesnt know how to deal with something, he reverts back to him military training. Hes a lifer, sergeant major in the services.

I jumped to my feet and stood at attention. Only this time, my pants were around my ankles and my hard dick pointed right at him. He had caught me jerking off to a male/male movie I had downloaded from the net. He must have been embarrassed as he wasnt mad

Sir, I dont know, sir, I snapped at him, still at attention.

What do you mean, either you are or youre not! he snapped back at me

Sir, permission to speak freely, sir?

At ease, he said, shedding his sergeant major role and returning to being my dad. Pulling up my pants, I moved to the bed and he, to the chair I just vacated. Patiently, he waited for me to begin.

Taking a deep breath, I began by saying that over the last few years, beginning as a sophomore in high school, I found myself less and less attracted to girls and more attracted to boys and that when I  screwed some girl, I seem to be going through the motions. Each time I kept asking myself is this all there is? 

I paused and he nodded for me to continue. It was only recently that I wondered if I was gay. I told him of the incident where this girl wanted me to fuck her in the ass. As I entered her, my cock got so hard that it felt like concrete. On top of that, I got so full of lust that I turned into a crazy person ramming my cock in and out of her butt. I didnt last long and had the best orgasm ever.  The girl told me that I was the best lover she ever had. It meant nothing to me. I was reliving feeling my cock in her ass.  She spread the word that I was a great assfucker and girls were falling at my feet wanting me to fuck them in the ass. I did a few but as I fucked them, my mind changed them into men and my cock turned to steel. As I orgasmed, in my mind, I saw a hand jerking a cock and shooting its seed. I always felt drained afterward. I never felt like that in my life.  After that, I started downloading male videos and masturbating to them. My orgasms were not as intense as assfucking but they far better than any pussy orgasm I had.  So to answer the question am I gay the answer is probably but I dont know for sure.

I stopped and took a breath. I felt so much better getting that off my chest. Dad just sat there, any minute I expected the sergeant major to reappear. I wasnt disappointed either

Soldier, you will report to the basement at 0900 hours where we will determine whether you are a fagot or not. Understand he barked

Jumping to my feet, I saluted him as I yelled Aye, Aye, Sir

He marched out of the room leaving me at attention but before he disappeared, he said in his dad voice Either way, son, I will still love you and he was gone.

I fell back on the bed, exaltation running through me.  Dad was a pretty cool guy once you got past the bluster. Maybe mom never did and thats why she left. Still, dad was going to help me find my way. I didnt have to go any further than my own house to find out if I was gay. I had no idea what dad had in mind and hed never tell me even if he was tortured. I pulled my dick out and fantasized about what he planned. I fell asleep with my limp dick in my sticky hand.

Chapter 2

The alarm clock woke me at 0800 hrs sharp that Saturday morning. I was excited and nervous at the same time. Knowing that dad would be in his military mode, I put on a pair of military shorts and nothing else. Dad wasnt in the kitchen when I entered. I didnt know where he was but knew that at 0900 hrs he would be in the basement waiting for me. I was trying to keep a tight rein on the anxiety I felt. I did pretty good but seem overly clumsy as I made and eat my breakfast.

At 0858 hrs, I headed to the basement where I found dad dressed in a military t-shirt and shorts. There was a video camera mounted on a tripod and as soon as I entered, I saw a small red light go on. There was also an armless chair with a dildo attached to the center of the seat.

Coming to attention in front of dad, I saluted him again

Sir, reporting as ordered, sir

At ease

I relaxed my muscles but still straight and tall.

Todays exercise will determine whether or not you are a fagot he began. I have set up a camera to verify your completion of certain parts of his exercise. (yea, right, youre a horny old man, I thought, youll watch it later and beat off to it)exercise in three parts. The first will determine if there is a need to continue. The second will further explore the possibility and the final part will ultimately determine whether you are a sissy fagot.

Lets begin part 1, you will have 5 minutes to determine whether you like sucking cock or not. If you dont, the exercise will end and we will have an answer. If after 5 minutes, you determine that you do, you will have 20 minutes to bring me to orgasm. If you do not bring me to orgasm in that time and still want to continue then at some future date, we will revisit this exercise until you mastered it. Do you understand?

Sir, Yes, sir I barked coming to attention, my dick beginning to tent my shorts

On your knees, boy

I dropped to my knees which brought my face inches from his crotch. He dropped his shorts exposing his limp dick. My mouth watered and my dick got hard.

Begin he barked as he hit his stopwatch.

I had never been so close to a cock before. The head was mushroomed and purple in color. Behind the head, I could see veins running its length. Tentatively, I reached out and cupped it in my hand. It was warm and I found myself breathing a little heavier. I kissed the tip like I would someones cheek. I wasnt repulsed. but I hadnt expected to be. A craving rose in me that I never felt before. I wanted to taste it, to make love to it with my mouth

Time he shouted, a little more forceful than needed, I could tell that this was turning him. Jumping to my feet and standing at attention, I waited.

Well, boy, do you want to continue? Her demanded, excitement creeping into his voice.

Sir, yes, sir. I want to suck your cock and make you come!

Both our dicks sprang to attention, my in my shorts, his, straight out, waiting for my mouth

You will now have 20 minutes to bring me to orgasm using only your mouth. You will not touch yourself at all. Is that clear?

Sir, yes, sir

Leaning against the wall, he nodded and clicked his watch. In seconds, I had his cock in my hand and was stroking it a few times. At that moment, nothing else in the world mattered except this cock. Using my tongue, I lapped at its head. Surprisingly, dad moaned. His moan excited me more. I took just the head in my mouth and bathed it with my tongue. It felt so natural and right for it to be there. As I realized this, I shot my wad into my shorts and moaned around his cock. Without thinking, I engulfed as much of him as possible. When he hit my throat, I gagged and drew myself off. Undeterred, I sucked him back into my mouth, only this time, I relaxed my throat. His cockhead smoothly entered my throat and I took all of him in. My nose hit his belly and I basked in the correctness of what I was doing. I held him in my throat as I bathed his stock with my tongue. I felt as if cocksucking was the most natural thing in the world. I felt whole and complete. I backed off his cock only to take him fully again.  Each time I embedded him in my throat; the feeling of completeness returned and disappeared when I backed off. 

Time he moaned but I continued to suck. He grabbed my head and pulled me off. 

Son, you disobey an order again and Ill tan your ass he said with a smile. He had enjoyed it as much as I did.

Pulling his shorts over his still hard cock, he barked Attention:

I jumped to my feet and stood before me. He noticed the wet spot on my shorts and scowled.

It appears that you made the next part more difficult, should you wish to continue, do you?

Sir,yes sir!


Chapter 3

Very well, in this part of the exercise, using only the dildo, you will make yourself come. You will have one hour to do so and can not touch your cock with your hands. Also, the dildo can not be removed from the chair as it is securely fastened. The camera will be recording your actions and should it be found that you did not follow the rules, you will be severely punished.  Do you wish to continue?

Sir, yes, sir

Very well, begin.  

With that he went upstairs closing the door behind him. The red light on the camera blinked at me so I knew that I was being recorded. Looking around the basement, it was pretty bare except a table and the dildo chair. It was quite obvious that in order to make myself come, I would have to fuck myself on the dildo 

The moment of true had arrived. It was one thing to suck a cock but was another to impale myself on a phony dick. Is this what I wanted? What were the alternatives? I asked myself. The alternative was to go to some bar and get picked up by a stranger who would shove his cock up my ass.  That was unacceptable. I needed to know if what my gut told me was true. With a sigh, I dropped my shorts and moved to the chair.  It was one of those old oak chairs with arms that had been built when things were made to last. Then there was the dildo. It looked so real. It had a mushroom head and there were veins running the length. It had a flat base which was attached to chair. Giving it a wack, it bent and snapped back straight up. I pulled on it as hard as I could but it wouldnt budge. 

It was time. In all the movies I downloaded, guys always greased up their cocks before sticking it in. Looking around, I didnt see luve. There was no way I was going to sit on that thing without any lube. The only thing I had was my saliva. Kneeling, I spit on it but that was enough. Sighing, I took the thing in my mouth and bathed it with my tongue trying to get it as wet as possible. As I sucked on the phony dick my cock got hard and imagined that I was sucking dads dick again. With one hand, I played with my asshole, trying to stretch it. Nothing ever went in just came out of it. My cock jerked but I didnt make any progress open it up.  With reluctance and determination, I positioned myself to be impaled. Holding the dildo with one hand, I lowered myself until the head touched my asshole. Easing myself down further, I felt it enter me. There was slight pain and I held myself in that position until it passed.
Forcing myself lower, more entered me until it hit resistance. The pain had increased but it was a pleasurable pain. Lifting myself off, I tried again. Once more I hit resistance. I kept trying to ease it into me but the resistance remained. Meanwhile my cock was as hard as rock and found myself enjoying the feeling of being anally entered. 

The only way to get past the resistance was to force myself on it. Going easy wasnt go to do it. With just the head of the rubber cock in my ass, I grabbed the arms of the chair and rammed myself down on it. The pain was intense and I leaped off it. My eyes teared from the pain. But in that split second, I felt pleasure. I cant describe it any better but the dildo in my ass felt great! 

Lubing it again with my mouth, I forced myself down on my impaler. This time there was no resistance and it slipped into me. The pain wasnt as intense but was still there. As I lowered myself further, my cock got even harder and a warm feeling in my belly. When I had taken the whole thing into me, I felt so full and felt the need to shit.  I sat there for a long time, the rubber dick embedded deep in my ass. My cock was leaking and I knew that I could get use to this. Taking deep breaths, I moved my hips back and forth. All the nerve ending in my body came alive and I started to pant. Lifting myself partly off my cherry taker, I started to fuck myself. I repeatedly lifted myself off and slammed down forcing impaling cock deeper. I was panting like a dog in heat and a feeling I call the fucklust took over. My total being was in my asshole. All I could feel was the rubber cock sliding in and out of my hole. I fucked myself harder and faster. The fucklust getting more and more intense. There was nothing else in the world except the cock and my asshole. I squeezed my anus around the dildo and the fucklust soared. I rammed myself as hard as I could on the cock. I loved the feeling of having something up my ass. Pulling myself completely off my fake lover, I impaled myself as hard and as deep as possible. When my ass hit the chair, my seed shot out of my cock, landing many feet away. My cock continued to spasm as I fucked myself. Spent, I collapsed into the chair, my eyes closed, and the hard cock still in me. 

Son, you ok?

It was dad, concern permeated his being. Opening my eyes, the first thing I saw was his crotch. His dick was hard beneath his shorts and I wanted so much to suck it into my mouth.

Fuck me, dad, I want you to be the first to fuck me. I moaned

Even though I wasnt looking at his face, I knew he was stunned. Even still, his cock jumped in his pants.

Helping me off my impaler, he carried me to the table and lay me face down.  I heard him drop his shorts and then felt his cock touch my hole. I spread my legs wider to give him access. I wanted him to fuck me. Ever since he pulled me off the chair, I felt so empty. 

With one thrust, he filled me with his cock. I felt his balls slap against my ass. I moaned and pushed my hips back to get more of him into me. He fucked me in true military faction. No frills just long hard thrusts.

Boy, your ass is mine wherever and whenever I want it he barked returning to his military posture. He was fucking me like a wild man. If I went without sex as long as he had, I would probably be doing the same thing.

Sir, yes, sir, whenever and wherever sir I shouted and I meant it too!

We didnt talk anymore, we just fucked. His cock was longer and wider than the chairs and I loved it. I matched his thrusts by raising my hips. It felt so good. The fucklust had returned. It was my ass and his cock. The pleasure of his fucking touched every part of my body. I couldnt get enough. Over and over again he pounded into me. He was panting and my cock was again hard. All too soon he reared up and rammed one final time into me, shooting his juices into my belly. This pushed me over the edge and my cocks spewed it seed for the second time. My hips fucked the table as he continued to fuck me. Exhausted he pulled out of me

I guess you have the answer now?  He said, returning to his dad role.

I slipped off the table and took his limp cock in my mouth. When he was clean, I looked up at him and said

Anytime, Anywhere

(End of Part 1 - as always comments suggestions welcome)

Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
www.asstr.org/~tylerthane






