Stacy’s ENF At Work
by anonenffan 

Stacy Selling Swimsuits (Chapter 2. Swimsuits)

She struck a pose and tossed her hair, soaring and bearing a beaming smile. Backside facing her twin, she turned and leaned forward. Both did a shimmy before giggling. With a jump, she twisted and threw up a triumphant pair of fingers at her mirror. The navy blue one-piece clung to every curve like a second skin. A decent imagination could fill in the details it wanted, but the blonde loved her choice. “It’s perfect!”

Leaning against the nearby door frame, a brunette nodded and smiled. “Yeah, looks like a great fit. So I guess you’re gonna be swimming more?”

“Well, the seller *should* take a sample!” Stacy winked, jolting her arm out to the ceiling.

The brunette blinked. “…The seller? Wait, so like… you’re going to sell these?”

“Yeah, I’m being my own boss!” Stacy chirped. “I joined up with this company where I get to make my own hours and I sell swimsuits.” She reached for a pair of short shorts on her bed. The blonde stepped into them, hoisting them up her smooth legs. “I figured I could model them as I sell them,” Stacy winked.

The brunette scratched her head as she raised a curious eyebrow. “Is that why the truck was here this morning?”

“And a bunch of boxes in the garage,” Stacy nodded as she slipped a large t-shirt over her head, bearing a company logo. It depicted waves of water and the top half of a swimsuit above it. “Want one? I bet they’re gonna sell faaast.”

Hina hesitated while looking at the logo. “Did you read up on this company at all before signing up?”

“Why is that a big deal?” Stacy crossed her arms with a little smirk.

“Well the last time you didn’t research a job, you left the same day.” Hina nodded. “Come to think of it, you never told me what the issue was. And you got over it quick.”

A shade of pink found its way on Stacy’s face as her smirk turned to a squiggle. “Umm… well, the err…. Um…” Stacy cleared her throat. “The atmosphere! Yeah, the atmosphere didn’t feel right!” With another nod faking her confidence, Stacy reassembled her posture. “So… want one?”

Hina took her turn to cross her arms but shrugged. “Well, I won’t lie, you do make it look good. How much?”

“A fine swimsuit like one of these can be yours for the low low price of just twenty dollars!” Stacy nodded as pink began to pale out.

Hina raised an eyebrow and nodded. “That’s not bad at all. Just a sec, let me get my purse.”

As Hina made her exit, Stacy’s smile resurfaced. A hand clenched into a triumphant fist, and the blonde jerked her elbow back. “Yes!” she hissed in a whisper while snatching her phone. Her fingers scattered the words “made my first sale!!!!” It wasn’t long before the reply of “Great work!” returned.

Stacy then snatched a pen and a clipboard from the top of her dresser and made a quick amendment. She pumped her fist, “this is the one!”

Moments later, Hina returned and flashed the crisp twenty-dollar note. “Here you are Miss,” Hina added with a bouncy giggle. “This should cover the costs!”

Stacy smiled and accepted the bill. “Thank you very much, I think you’ll look great in one of our fine products! Interested in the standard navy blue? We have a few other colors in stock! Racer Red, Screaming Yellow, Mean Green. All super bright to catch everyone’s attention!”

“Oooh, I didn’t know you had other colors. Let’s see racer red,” Hina nodded, glancing in the mirror, imagining herself in a bright, crimson suit. When Stacy presented the real thing, Hina found that the suit barked its color. It was *bright*, like a new fire engine. “Wow, this really would be hard to miss.”

“That’s the idea,” Stacy nodded and gave a thumbs up. “Pleasure doing business with you, enjoy the suit!” A hand cradled her chin. “…Think Kim would want one?”

Hina gripped the suit and let her eyes wander the ceiling. “Maybe? But you know where you should go to sell these? The beach. Like, they’re one-piece suits, so obviously not so great for tanning. But I bet the athletic types would be all over them.”

Stacy snapped her fingers and beamed. “That’s a great idea! I bet the surfers would want these! If I can sell my whole stock on the first day, they’ll think I’m great!” She turned and stacked a few small boxes full of swimsuits. “Want to come along?” The blonde slipped her phone into her purse and double-checked a pouch for her keys.

“Hmm.. tempting, but I think I’d like to just go for a swim here at home,” Hina nodded. “Try out the new suit here, you know?”

“Suit yourself!” Stacy said, picking up the boxes, shuffling them in her arms. “I’m off to the beach!”

The blonde wasted little time rushing down the stairs stepping into the garage. A pile of boxes sat inside. She jotted a few notes on her clipboard before pushing a button. The door hummed and raised, revealing a little blue sedan parked by the door. Stacy popped the trunk open with a little remote and squeezed four boxes inside. Each one having different colored tape.

A sign and a small table went into the back seat, and Stacy took the driver’s seat. The car rumbled to life, the radio began to sing, and Stacy popped her knuckles. “I’m pulling this off today,” she said, gripping the gear shifter.

It was a quick drive to the beach from Hina’s house. Just a couple of blocks and a few turns. Decent exercise by foot, a short trip by bike, trivial by car. Stacy bobbed her head to the beat of the music as she closed in on the beach and the parking lot alongside it. She scanned the lot, looking for a space. Almost every space in the lot had a car that day until Stacy managed to squeeze between an old truck and a minivan.

“It’s packed here today…” She paused but smiled. “And that means lots of customers!” The blonde kicked her door open and grabbed the small table, a towel, and her clipboard. She flattened the towel on the sand, set the little table up, and left the clipboard there.

Stacy made her way back to her car, a smile beamed as bright as the cloudless sky. She was almost ready to start selling! Until she caught a glimpse of reflection from her car’s mirror. The blonde bit her lip and ran her fingers through her hair for a quick adjustment.

“Something’s missing…” she put her hands to her hips. Then she snapped her fingers. “Gotta model what I’m selling!” Stacy checked the parking lot and the beach. A few people were walking in the parking lot, either coming to the beach or leaving it. The beach itself had dozens upon dozens of people there. Though from what she could tell, nobody was paying her any mind. At least not yet.

She pulled the t-shirt over her head and tossed it in the backseat. Then she unbuttoned her shorts and tugged them down her legs. Once they were at her ankles, she stepped out of them and discarded them by her shirt. After another look in the mirror, Stacy adjusted her hair one more time and struck another pose. Her swimsuit clung to her curves the same way they did before. Its deep blue color was solid and contrasted with her peachy skin.

“Perfect!” Stacy nodded. She stacked the boxes and made her way back to her little table. Stacy ripped through the tape, and took one suit from each box, neatly displaying them on the table. The blonde then put the sign in the sand right in front of her stand proudly promoting the company logo. Smiling and eager, Stacy ran out in front of it, closed one eye, and looked at her mini shop.

“Alright! It’s time!” Stacy balled her hands into fists. She ran to the stand, cleared her throat, and struck a pose. “Swimsuits for sale! One-piece swimsuits, perfect for all your swimming and sporting needs!”

Stacy stretched her legs, twisted her body, and waved her hands to present the stand. A few beachgoers gave her odd glances. Then, one approached her eyes on the neon green suit near the corner.

“Hello there!” Stacy bowed. “Interested in a swimsuit?”

The girl stood there, dressed in a tank top and some jean shorts. She smirked. “I’m thinking about it…” Her fingers tapped the table and she bit her lip. “Hey um… this is kind of a weird question, but like, I’m in a bind.”

“Mhm?” Stacy leaned in. “Well, I’ll help you in any way I can. I’ve got swimsuits for sale.”

“Right, I see that but um…” Her hands balled into fists. “Like my friends brought me here, I didn’t know we were coming.”

“Ah! You’re not prepared!” Stacy nodded. “Well, I’d be happy to help you ou-”

“And I wanna impress a guy.” She looked away, blushing, jerking her head, and whispering a word. “Do you have anything… you know… that shows some skin?”

Stacy jutted her head away until she brought a hand to her face to smother a mirth. Then she glanced at the athletic wear she was selling. Her hand moved to her chin and she frowned. “Well… these are more like athletic suits. Sorry.” She smiled and shrugged.

“Aw…” The girl frowned.

Stacy saw the girl’s disappointment and looked back at the suits. Then she thought about her moment in the mirror. “But you know… that doesn’t mean these suits can’t be sexy!” The blonde jumped, with a little blush. “They’re skin tight! Not a whole lot to the imagination left here!” Her face ignited as she twisted herself, presenting the back of her swimsuit-clad body to the girl. Was she really showing this girl, a complete stranger, how her butt looked in a swimsuit just to make a sale?

The other girl blushed but didn’t look away from Stacy’s backside. There was no false advertisement. Stacy’s swimsuit was tight, as it hugged and squeezed her body, presenting her tush to anyone behind her. It looked round and tight in the deep blue color.

“You know what… I think it might be worth a shot!” The girl giggled. She turned to reach into a handbag. “How much?”

“…That really worked? I mean,” Stacy shook her head and cleared her throat. Returning to a normal stance, she puffed her chest against the tight material and nodded. The blush still met the sun, but Stacy nodded her way through it. “A fine swimsuit like this can be yours for the low low price of only twenty dollars, and is available in four unique colors!”

“I like the green one!” she said, fishing a bill from her bag. It had a few odd folds and a crumple, along with a strange ink spot. But in Stacy’s eyes, it was as good as a crisp, fresh printed bill.

“Pleasure doing business with you!” Stacy said, taking the money and presenting the girl with the suit. “And good luck impressing that guy!”

As the girl searched for the nearest changing room, Stacy looked at the money. A wobbly smile and a little blush showed on her face. She just used her butt to sell a swimsuit. But it worked, and somebody walked away from her stand happier for it. As she made a note on her clipboard, she put the money in a little lockbox.

She couldn’t get the idea out of her head. Would she do it again? Stacy shook her head. “What am I thinking?” She was PROUD of how she looked in that suit! With a renewed smirk, she punched the air and took another stance.

“Swimsuits for sale! Ladies, come get some athletic beachwear!” She continued her vocal pitch, calling to the many women of the beach. Soon, a redhead carrying a surfboard approached. The woman wore a two-piece bikini, both red to match her hair.

The suit strained to contain her heavy chest, each breast close to freedom by spilling above the top. Her bottom attire featured microscopic knots with a little slack. She took slower steps and quintuple-checked the tiny red fishing lines that held the suit together. One hand adjusted it, to ensure the feeble security. The other wrestled to keep a grip on a very long surfboard.

Stacy blinked as she propped her board in the sand. It towered taller than both girls. Her pulse tightened as the woman’s breasts did a slight sway and bounce. They nearly broke free from their crimson restraints.

The redhead blushed and cleared her throat. “Hello, I’m interested in your suits. You said they’re athletic, right?”

Stacy blinked and shook off her trance. “Yeah, yes. They’re great for all kinds of sports, volleyball, swimming, um…” She smiled and gestured towards the surfboard. “Surfing as well.”

“Just what I was hoping you’d say!” The woman said with a trembling smile that twinkled through her red cheeks. She glanced over the color options for less than a second before her eyes landed on a Racer Red suit. “There’s my color!”

“Big fan of red, huh?” Stacy smiled as she pulled a red swimsuit from the box.

“Oh yeah, there’s nothing like it when it’s nice and bright,” the redhead nodded.

“It’s a great choice! That’ll be twenty dollars please,” Stacy added while presenting the suit. She wondered what would have happened to this girl if she tried to surf while wearing that bikini. The very thought made her heart thump and she wasn’t even the one wearing the risque suit.

The redhead laid down a few smaller bills in front of Stacy. “Thanks, I’m um… learning to surf and needed something more… stable!”

Stacy giggled and nodded. “Oh absolutely! And that’s exactly what you’ll get out of this suit.”

“Yep! That’s what I want! Stability. That’s why I have this huge freaking board too!” She giggled. “It’s… more stable! The bigger the board the easier it is to learn with!”

“Oh, I didn’t know that!” Stacy nodded. “Well if you want to get changed right away, I think there’s some beach showers just over there. They have curtains too.” Stacy pointed her thumb to the right, gesturing towards a small shower and changing area.

“Thank you,” she picked up the swimsuit and lifted her board out of the sand. She began walking towards the fitting area.

“Have a nice day!” Stacy said, picking up her pen and a clipboard. After updating her inventory, she bent down to put the money in a small lockbox. “Jeeze, how can anyone wear a suit like *that* here?” she hummed under her breath. A little giggle got away, “I probably saved her a ton of embarrassment if she ever slips off.”

She stood back upright after putting the money away and cleared her throat. “Swimsuits for sa-” Stacy froze. One glance to her right, and she saw the redhead didn’t go far.

The tall board stood, lodged in the sand and towering above the redhead. It stood between her and the rest of the beach, obscuring her sight. The one-piece sat at her feet as she fidgeted, hands reaching for the strings of her top.

“Whoa…” Stacy gasped.

The tiny red fishing lines went slack, and the pitiful bikini top fell, allowing her chest to kiss the ocean air. Hands cupped and squeezed her breasts, caressing and massaging them, before drifting down her smooth stomach. A gentle swipe of the finger defeated the knots of her bottom half, and it fluttered to the ground. She shuddered, pressing the full form of her backside against the surfboard, hands gripped her tall hiding place. She did not cover so much as an inch of skin.

She turned and pressed her liberated frontside against the board, propping out her round derriere into the air. From behind the board, the redhead had hid from everyone at the beach. Everyone but Stacy. The blonde was viewing her from the side, still unable to talk. And she could do little but blink as the redhead peeked her head around the surfboard.

Stacy blinked again. This girl was only a few feet from the fitting rooms. And she chose to hide behind her surfboard and take off everything. She took a quick glance around the beach before watching the redhead again. The redhead allowed her hands to wander and caress her body. Then as the girl’s smile beamed, she wrapped one arm around her chest and nuzzled a hand between her legs. Her head peeked around the board, and her smiling face burned red.

She stepped from her makeshift safety and closed her eyes. Naked and blushing, she ran from behind her surfboard, kicking up sand as her unclothed body met the sun. She ran until she returned back behind the board. The redhead leaned against her board, relaxing all cover and panted.

She was smiling.

Then a sudden bop disrupted Stacy’s balance. “Wah!” She stumbled before shaking her head. A colorful beach ball bounced off her and into the sand. “What the…?”

“Sorry!” came a giggle.

“You got her right in the head!” joked another.

Stacy turned her head and reeled back. “Whoa! Hello there!” She put on an abrupt smile, her cheeks still red. Many girls appeared in front of Stacy’s little stand in the blink of an eye. There wasn’t time for a proper count, but it looked somewhere between fifteen and twenty women.

“We were going to have a little beach ball tournament,” said one, picking up the ball. “We saw someone wearing one of your suits and they pointed us this way.”

“And we’re thinking team uniforms!” Another gave a firm nod.

Stacy blinked, stunned for a moment, and glanced at the entire group in front of her. “E-Everyone?”

“Yeah, the girl I saw wearing one of yours said they were like twenty bucks, right?”

Stacy shook her head, her face lingering to her right for a millisecond longer, and then she slapped on her customer service face. “Of course! And they’re in four colors, enough for each team!” With a brief turn towards the redhead, Stacy noted that the surfboard was missing, along with any trace of her. Turning back to the group, she smiled. “Okay, um, everyone form a nice line, and make sure you know what color you want! Supplies are limited!”

It didn’t take long. The girls defied Stacy’s line request, opting for four different groups. One group emptied the Navy blue box, another depleted Racer Red. Screaming Yellow’s box gave a hollow tumble soon after.

“Here you go, the last Mean Green!” Stacy smiled, presenting the bright suit to one of her many customers.

“Alright! Thank you so much!” She chirped. The throng of women followed her towards the shower area. Stacy was now alone with empty boxes, a little stack of cash, and a big smile on her face.

“Twenty forty sixty eighty one… twenty forty sixty eighty two…” Stacy set each bill in the lockbox before checking her clipboard. The pen made its scratches before bouncing off her lip. “Hmm… says I have one more…”

She double-checked each box, but each one proved vacant. “Hmm…” Stacy bounced a pen against her lower lip. “Hina bought the first one… then those others…” She then snapped her fingers. “Of course!” A finger slipped under a shoulder strap for a little tug. “Well, can’t sell what I’m wearing,” Stacy giggled.

Selling out her entire stock had, technically, become impossible. A little unfair, but moving most of her stock like that? That was bound to get a good response from the company. She counted the stack of cash and locked it away. Then she smiled, seeing so many of her customers gather around a volleyball net.

Stacy smirked, glancing around, searching for some crimson. Though knowing what that girl was doing, Stacy half expected to spot only the suit, not its wearer. Her eyes went to the waves, hunting for a girl who was having a little too much fun.

Then she spotted the gigantic surfboard, laying atop some rocks. Stacy raised an eyebrow. That was hardly a safe place to go surfing. And she mentioned she was just learning… which could mean…

Stacy’s smirk vanished as she searched for a lifeguard. She spotted one far away, sitting high atop her wooden throne, wearing a white one-piece with a red cross. She sat there, applying a small white cream to the tip of her nose. Stacy raised her hand to wave but paused again. What if that redhead wasn’t in danger and… doing something else?

Stacy gritted her teeth and tossed her head, blushing at the thought. Those plans weren’t far-fetched. She could almost picture Hina doing the same. Or at least, something similar. If she called a lifeguard on her when she’s having fun…

Stacy bit her lip and looked at her things. She proceeded to hide her cash box under the towel and folded up the legs of the table. This wouldn’t take long. Stacy took a breath and started a light jog across the beach, the heat of the sand biting her toes. Just one quick look. That girl was probably okay, she just had to make sure.

The cooler ocean water met her feet as the blonde hurried her pace. She made her way towards the rocks, with the yellow and red surfboard wedged around a large one. Oddly enough, the water stayed shallow, only getting knee-deep as she approached. Still a bit chilly, but it didn’t slow Stacy much.

Once she reached the collection of rocks and boulders, Stacy took a breath. She looked back to the beach, seeing the lifeguard doing some stretches from atop her seat. One good scream would surely get her attention. All Stacy had to do was make sure it was necessary. Her hands clapped onto the cold surface of the rock and she peeked around.

Crimson greeted her eyes, but not as much as Stacy expected. There stood the busty redhead, knee-deep in the water, gasping and holding her body. No bumps, no bruises, no red from an internal source, and most of all, no swimsuit. Arms cradled her heavy breasts, while clamped thighs and water hid what was beneath her hips.

Stacy sighed and leaned against the rock. A tiny giggle escaped her. She wasn’t hurt, she was just having fun, that was all the blonde needed to see. Although… it was a bit short of what she wanted to see.

“Oh my God, oh my God… what do I do, what do I do, whatdoIdo!?” Gasped the redhead.

Stacy paused. She didn’t see any sign of injury, but she had to be sure. That’s what a good person did. The blonde nodded to herself and took slow steps around the rock.

“Hey?” Stacy started.

“Oh my Go-Ah!!!” The red-head gasped. Her cheeks matched her hair as she made eye contact with Stacy. In an instant, she wrapped arms around her intimates while pressing her butt against the rock. “D-don’t look!”

“Relax!” Stacy giggled. She tried to keep her eyes from what her palms hid, but the curvy form taunted her curious pupils. “Just wanted to make sure you weren’t hurt or anything. You’re okay, right?”

“I-I’m fine I just…” The red-head looked up at the blonde in front of her. “Hey… didn’t you sell me the swimsuit earlier?”

“Yeah, that was me!” Stacy nodded and put a hand over her mouth to contain a giggle. “I um… I’m guessing you weren’t satisfied with yours?”

“O-oh no, I liked the suit! It fit great!” She waved her hands at Stacy, blushing and frantic. Her breasts spilled into freedom with a pronounced bounce. “I was um, riding a wave, and I lost balance and fell. When I came back up my suit was gone!”

Stacy crossed her arms and smirked. “Uh huh. An athletic swimsuit just slipped off your body after one wipeout.” The blonde took a step closer and leaned down to the naked girl. “Are you suuuure about that? Cause I spotted you doing a little something out of the corner of my eye.”

“W-what are you saying?” The red-head blushed.

“That a little skinny dip in the ocean was your plan to begin with,” Stacy giggled. “I mean come on, look at the suit you were wearing before. That thing wouldn’t have stood up to a sprinkler.”

“No no no!” The redhead waved her hands and blushed, faking a laugh of her own. “I can’t do that, this isn’t the right kind of beach!” She looked at herself and hands dove for covering positions as she grinned.

“Hey, I ain’t gonna tell on ya.” Stacy smiled and turned away. “You’re not hurting anyone or anything. I just wanted to make sure you didn’t get hurt,” she shrugged and started walking. “I’ll leave you to your fun.”

The redhead bit her lip. “W-wait!”

“Hmm?” Stacy turned around.

“Umm… do you have another swimsuit I can buy?” She stood on wobbling knees. “I’m serious. I wasn’t planning on streaking tod- um… I wasn’t planning on streaking!”

A more audible laugh escaped Stacy. She shook her head. “Honestly, I would, but I’m sold out. The beach ball teams cleaned out my stock. The only suit I have left is this one.” She gestured her hands over her swimsuit.

“Can I buy that one?” The red-head gulped.

Stacy blinked and raised an eyebrow. “Um… I’m still wearing it. I can’t just sell you the one I’m wearing.”

“I’ll pay extra!”

“If I sell my very last suit, I’ll…” Stacy paused. She put a hand to her chin. There was a big bonus for selling every last swimsuit she had, including the one on her back. But then she’d be in the same situation as this woman, naked and far from easily accessible cover.

“Please, you’re the only one here who can help me! If the lifeguard catches me naked again I’ll be banned from the beach!” Then the redhead’s cheeks flashed again, and she turned around, looking at the water below her.

Stacy bit her lip and scouted the area of the beach. It wasn’t that long of a walk to her spot. The beach had a lot of visitors though. Getting back to her stuff would be no easy task. But if she sold her last suit, then she’d have a completely cleared stock on her first day with this job. As for this woman, Stacy couldn’t help but envision her as a red-headed version of her friend, just exploring her body. Would she leave Hina in the same spot?

The blonde took a deep breath. “Alright, I’ll sell you the suit.”

“Oh thank you so much!” The redhead nodded and smiled at Stacy. Then she frowned while holding onto herself. “Um… is it okay if I bring the money to your little shop after I get the suit? Because um….” She blushed, her eyes lowering and her hands opening around her hips, to present her pockets. In the process, she had inadvertently exposed her womanhood, with a little red tuft of hair above it.

Stacy blushed and hesitated. “Right, I um… I kind of figured. One sec.”

The blonde took a deep breath and turned, her back facing the redhead. Earlier, she shook her butt to present the one-piece suits as sexy, and it worked. Now she was stripping to help a stranger. Stacy’s heart jumped as she reached for a shoulder strap. A red color flooded her little cheeks as she slipped fingers under its twin. She hesitated, before pulling the straps over her shoulders.

The ocean air glided over her humble chest as her little pink nipples slipped into freedom. Her breasts spilled out with a subtle bounce as she pushed the suit to her midriff. ‘I’m really doing this,’ she thought. She stared at the suit hugging her hips, her arms suddenly weak. Stacy took a breath and closed her eyes. ‘I’m helping someone. I’m saving them. And I’ll impress my boss.’ She grit her teeth and pushed the swimsuit past her hips, and over her perky behind.

The suit descended her legs and past her wobbling knees. Stacy pulled one leg out, and then the other. Her pulse was flying now, and the adrenaline was flooding her veins. She trembled as she kept her eyes shut and held the suit towards the redhead.

Stacy took a deep breath. “A-alright, here you go. Heh heh… that’ll be twenty dollars.”

She felt the swimsuit taken from her grip.

“Thank you, you’re a lifesaver,” the redhead noted.

Stacy braced herself for the worst. ‘What am I doing!? This is insane! I’m naked on the beach!’ Hands snapped to covering positions, and Stacy crouched down. Ocean water slapped her naked form.

“Hey um…” The redhead spoke.

Stacy opened her eyes and craned her head. The woman already had her suit on. It had a rougher time with her more substantial bust, but never-the-less, she was still clothed.

“I hope this doesn’t come off as too weird but… um.” The redhead blushed and scratched the back of her head. “You’re not bad looking if that helps.”

Stacy blushed and sent her eyes to the water. “Um… thanks… I think?” She shook her head. “I-I-I gotta run to my stuff now. Meet me at the stand with the money.” The blonde took a breath and stood up.

She peeked around the rock, looking at the busy beach. Most people watched the beach ball game, while others were making sandcastles or tanning. Stacy watched the ball bounce between teams before hitting the sand. One of the red team girls picked up the ball and went back to the net getting ready to serve.

The blonde steeled her will. Her chance to run was coming. Stacy had to sprint during the next volley. She gripped her body tighter and watched the ball. The girl tossed the ball up into the air, pulling an arm back.

“You know, you don’t have to-”

BOING!

The hand slapped the ball like a pistol signaling the start of a race. Stacy bolted, water sloshing around her ankles, capping off her speed. One hand stayed between her legs, the other arm stabilized her chest. Her pulse roared in her ears as her naked body ran closer and closer to the busy beach.

Stacy’s feet reached the sand, as one girl made a desperate dive to bounce the ball back. The blonde watched as it sailed over the net.

“Whoa whoa whoa hey!”

“Huh-wah!” Stacy’s ankle hit something, and the nude blonde tumbled over, falling into the sand. She shook her head, reassembling her composure, before looking beside her.

Her first customer, the girl with the green swimsuit, sat on her knees with a sand bucket. She was glaring at Stacy. Next to her, was a lean guy, eyes bulging and red on his face. And in front of them, was a half-broken wall of sand.

“O-oh my gosh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to-”

“Whoa…” the guy said.

“Hey, what’s the matter with you? First, you help me get this guy’s attention, but then you go streaking through our sandcastle?” She crossed her arms, eyes narrowing.

Stacy blinked but raised an open palm to her. “N-no! That’s not what I was doing, I swear! I-”

BOING!

Stacy bobbed her head in disorientation. A colorful beach ball rolled across the sand. Her blood went cold.

“Oh my God, a streaker!”

“Wait, isn’t she the one who sold us all these suits?”

Stacy took a deep breath, her face burning red. Eyes all over the beach were centering on her, seeing her body, seeing her hands were hiding her intimates. Her heart thumped in her throat, and she swallowed.

“U-um… y-yes. Ah heh heh… as you can see… I sold my last one!” She faked a laugh. “I’m uh… dedicated to what I do!” Stacy stood up, hands covering herself as best as possible. “U-um… now if you’ll excuse me…”

“Did I hear her right? She sold her last swimsuit? That she was wearing?”

“That means she chose to get naked…”

“What a perv…”

“Hey babe, need some sun lotion? I can help ya out!”

“This isn’t a nude beach…”

Stacy trembled, feeling a little dizzy. All the girls around her started giggling. Some of the guys stared at her naked body. Did these people not care? She sold them nice swimsuits, and they were treating her like a freak! “H-hey, I wasn’t trying to streak… I just…”

Then Stacy felt something on her shoulders. A soft, warm, fabric, hugged her vulnerable form. The blonde blinked and looked at it. A towel! She scrambled and wrapped the cuddly fabric around her body. It covered the essentials from her chest to mid-thigh. She sighed and felt an arm on her shoulder. The redhead gave her a little smile.

“Alright, leave her alone. She wasn’t trying to hurt anyone,” said the redhead. She put a hand to Stacy’s back and nudged her back towards Stacy’s little swimsuit stand.

“Hey don’t worry about it, just having a little fun!” said one of the beach ball players.

“Thank you,” Stacy exhaled, clinging the towel to her body. She smiled at the redhead, “I guess that makes us even.”

“Not quite,” the redhead smirked. She presented Stacy with two twenty-dollar bills. “Keep the change. But um… why’d you go running off like that? I would have brought you the towel.”

Stacy smiled as she took the money, and then her face fell flat. “…I… don’t know. I guess I thought I could have made it without them noticing me. That was really embarrassing…”

After getting back to her car, Stacy was able to get her shorts and t-shirt back on. She traded phone numbers with the redhead. Her name was Rose. Rose seemed hesitant to talk about her hobbies, even though Stacy could make an easy guess at one of them. Still, little trade of goodwill built the bridge of a new friendship.

Sometime later, Stacy entered Hina’s backyard and found the brunette soaking in the hot tub. Her radio let out a playlist of relaxing acoustic music. The blonde took a heavy sigh and sat in a nearby lounge chair.

Hina had her head rolled back, and she looked quite comfortable. She looked towards Stacy and smiled. “Hey, how’d the swimsuit selling go?”

Stacy took a deep breath and sighed. “It went fine, sold every single one.” She smiled. “There was a little mishap, and some customers were… I guess a little rude.”

Hina frowned. “Ah, having rude customers sucks. That always makes a day worse. But hey, you sold everything, right? That’s good, isn’t it?”

“Well… it is. My boss is impressed, it’s just what I went through to do that…” Stacy took a breath looking at the hot tub. “I’m sorry it’s been a long day, mind if I join you?”

Hina stretched her arms. “Actually, I was about to get out. The weatherman said something that a storm is gonna show up soon. I think I see some of the clouds right now.” Hina pointed to some ominous clouds. There was a soft rumble of thunder.

“Oh wow, it’s really moving,” Hina said. The brunette gripped the side railing and climbed out of the hot tub.

Stacy’s eyes then went wide. Hina’s suit was in tatters! While the top held together, containing her chest, the bottom half did not! Little scraps dangled over her belly button, while the suit did absolutely nothing to cover Hina below her hips. The brunette did a little stretch.

“Um… Hina, did you notice that your swimsuit is a little…?”

“Hmm?” Hina looked down. Red climbed her face and she suddenly squeaked. “Ah! My suit! W-what happened!?” She shoved her hands between her legs and ran for her towel, her naked behind bouncing before Stacy’s eyes.

The blonde giggled at her friend. They were safe behind the little privacy fence around the hot tub. “It’s almost like… it dissolved.” Stacy paused on that word. She thought back to what Rose had said about how she lost her original suit. “Oh my God… did I buy dissolving suits!?”

“Why the heck would you buy dissolving suits!?” Hina gasped, wrapping the towel around her exposed skin. “Did you sell them to everyone at the beach?”

Stacy put a hand over her mouth. Her pupils shrunk, and her heart climbed her throat. It was her fault Rose ended up naked! And all those other beachgoers were going to have their suits melt apart in the coming rain. Her whole customer base was going to be mad at her! The blonde fell back against the wall of Hina’s house. All those customers…

…The same ones that had chewed her out for being naked on the beach. The ones that accused her of being a streaker. The ones that laughed at her for her nudity and called her a pervert. The very same customers stopped being grateful to her as soon as they had their suits.

A sharp bark of thunder pierced the sky, and a torrent of rain began to pelt outside.

Stacy giggled.