Author:          sexless4ever	

Story Title:     Making Me Hers

Chapter Number:  1 of 16

Chapter Title:   A Dark Connection is Made

Chapter Summary: A male virgin meets the woman of his dreams (and nightmares) online and after getting to know each other they agree to meet.   

Keywords:    MF, M+F, virg, oral, bd, sm, va, humil, tort, Fdom, Mdom, cbt, nosex, 1st, cuckold


======================================================




A DARK CONNECTION IS MADE 

I met her online.  At first, I was surprised a woman of her beauty was even conversing with me.  Don't get me wrong; I'm not what most people would refer to as unattractive.  But, I scored a big zero on my final in that extracurricular four-year college course on seducing a woman.  I'd say I was a giant pussy around attractive women, but I have way too much respect for female genitalia to make such a comparison.  

I was further taken aback because she presented herself as a submissive woman looking for dominant men.  Then, I discovered that, like me, she was drawn to the darker, depraved, twisted, and evil side of human sexuality.  She told me that she loved to be used, abused, humiliated, and fucked all in service to deserving alpha men, but that she also got off on seriously fucking up beta males physically, mentally, and emotionally.

In an effort to see just how twisted she was, I sent her a link to the most twisted story I had read up to that point called "De-Manning Hubby".  This story is told from the point of view of the wife, Shannon.  She discovers that her husband, Jolti, has a submissive side and in time develops an overwhelming urge to completely destroy him.  In the end, with the help of her Black fianc's cruel sister, she convinces Jolti to give his life to her with promises she rescinds as he's taking his final breaths.  

After reading the story, she came back online to tell me that she had come while reading the "sick and fucked up" story.  I sent her back a message that I had come on multiple occasions while fantasizing about being `Jolti' in various scenarios.  The next day, she responded that she, too, had fantasized about making me Jolti.  My dick went from flaccid to throbbing in a matter of seconds and I couldn't breathe.  In my mind, that was the most erotic words a woman could ever say.  I told her how shocked I was and that I thought I was in love with her.  No surprise, I didn't hear back from her.  I thought I had blown it.

However, after a few weeks where I couldn't stop thinking about her, I had to give it one more try.  I sent her a message saying that I wasn't trying to be creepy or literal as I didn't even know her, but that I was very excited by her words, and that she was one of the most intriguing women I ever met.  She responded a couple days later that she wasn't creeped out by me, more by her feelings towards me.  She was scared by the fact that she wanted to hurt me in twisted, violent, and illegal ways and, worse yet, knew I'd let her do whatever she wanted.  So, she thought it best for her sanity and my safety that we just left each other alone.

I wasn't sure how to respond.  I wanted to tell her that, yes, I would let her hurt me in any way she wanted, that bringing an orgasm to a sadistic woman was worth whatever price I had to pay, but I knew that wouldn't be well received.  Instead, I suggested we talk about something different.  I asked her about her masochistic urges and fantasies.  I outlined different scenarios I'd seen or heard about that she would enjoy.  And so began an online friendship where we would discuss our lives and give each other links that we knew would turn each other on, but there was no more talk of "us" or things we'd do to each other.  We liked each other as people and there seemed to be a mutual respect, or, at least, she respected me as much as a woman could respect a self-described beta male.

Then, one day in the middle of October, she asked me about my plans for the weekend.  I told her I was going to a BDSM club, the name of it, and what street it was on.  She asked if I was serious and informed me that she lived about twenty minutes away from the location, but wasn't aware of the club.  I was amazed that all this time she had been so close to me geographically although I was afraid to make her uncomfortable by inquiring where she lived.  I was fairly sure that she'd be on the other side of the country as normally is the case when I meet a woman online who I share things in common with.

I had to take the chance.  I asked if she would be interested in meeting me outside around 8:00 so I could pay for her to get in.  I told her that we didn't have to do anything together and she was welcome to play with any dominant men she wanted to once inside.  I said it would be crazy if we didn't at least meet face to face.  She responded back that she'd see me there, but she wanted me to wait outside and wear a pink shirt so she knew who I was.

Now, mind you, I didn't own a pink shirt and had never worn a pink shirt.  I so wanted to message her back and tell her I'd wear a red one instead, but didn't dare for fear that she'd back out.  Since the doors opened at 8:00, I was there waiting outside at 7:30.  Eight o'clock came and went, as did nine o'clock.  By ten, I was pretty well convinced that she had stood me up or saw me and decided to go in without me.  I had already told multiple people that I was waiting for someone and even heard a few snicker as they passed me several times to come out and smoke.  Still, I waited.  My feet were throbbing by the time I looked down at my phone and it read 10:45.  I shook my head, realizing it was time to salvage whatever pride I had left.  As I turned to leave, I looked up and there she was.

"Mike?" she asked.

"Kim?" I stupidly responded.

"Okay, nice to meet you and all, but let's talk inside.  It's freezing out here!  I didn't keep you waiting long, did I?" she asked rhetorically.

When we got inside, she marveled at the equipment sent up in the middle of the room with people playing.  At that point, it was all fully dressed male tops tying up, whipping, flogging, and paddling naked female bottoms.  We found a table in the corner of the room and sat down.

She started, "I must say.  You aren't nearly as short, fat, or ugly as I imagined you to be.  In fact, you're actually pretty cute."

If Barbie were to get substantial breast and moderate ass implants, she would look like Kim's less attractive older sister.  Her body is perfection at it's best.  Her beauty is, quite literally, to die for.  So for her to compliment me, I was taken aback.  All I could do was blush as I uttered, "Thank you.  And you are every bit as stunning as your photos."  

"I know," she smirked.

We went on to discuss our weeks and other random things.  About ten minutes into our conversation, a relatively good looking man who was about 5'2", thin, but fairly muscular approached us, "Hello, my name is Eric.  I haven't seen you two around here before.  Are you new?"  

I had been to several of these events and had even seen him a time or two, but I didn't see the point in correcting him when she responded, "Yes, I am.  Hey are you into tying girls up and beating them?"

He looked down at her chest, "Why, yes, I am."

She stood, then placed her hands on the sides of her boobs, pressing them together, "Do you want to touch them?"

He looked at me and displaying mild concern, inquired, "What about him?"

"Oh, he doesn't get to touch them.  He's just a sissy."

I shook my head.  I told her I wasn't into that whole sissy thing.  He looked at me, shook his head and chuckled, "His loss, my gain."  He then proceeded to grope and squeeze her mammoth boobs.  "So, do you want to play with a real man, then?" he asked without even acknowledging my presence this time.

She giggled, "Of course.  That's why I'm here."

"So, what are you into?  Any hard limits?"

"Not really.  None that I'm aware of yet, at least.  I just want to be dominated, used, and abused."

"Okay, I can do that.  But, I'll take it easy on you since you're new.  I'll start with a paddle, then a flogger, then a cane.  Red, stop.  Yellow, slow.  Okay?"

"Sounds good."

"Strip," he commanded.

She looked at me, "Watch my stuff, would ya'?"  She faced him, took off her top and then her bra.  Then she knelt and slid off her shoes and socks.  She stood and I enjoyed watching her shimmy out of her tight jeans revealing her lovely thong clad ass just a foot from my face.  Then the thong came off and I caught a glimpse of her pussy.

"Follow," he ordered.

I intently watched her walk away.  I had to strain my neck to see as he lead her to the far side of the room and tied her to a St. Andrew's cross.  I then picked up her clothes, folded them and placed them on her chair.  My view was obstructed by other people playing most of the time, but every so often I caught a glimpse of what he was doing to her.  After about a half hour, she came back over to me.  Her tits were bruised and welted.  Her pussy glistened as did the inside of her thighs.  She turned around to show me the bruises and welts on her ass and the welts on her back.  "That was amazing," she said before getting dressed.  "Are you ready to get out of here?"  

"Sure," I replied, though the last thing I wanted to do was part ways with her so soon.  

I walked her to her car.  "Where are you parked?"

"I'm a couple blocks over."

"Okay, pull up behind me and then you can follow me back to my place."

"Sounds good," I said.  But, really, it sounded great.  I couldn't believe she was inviting me back to her house.  After all, we just met for the first time in real life and barely got to know each other at all at the club.

When, we arrived at her apartment, she invited me in and told me to sit on the couch while she made us some drinks.  She came back and handed me a cherry vodka with lemon lime soda.  I thanked her, took a sip and sat in on a coaster on the coffee table.  She sat down next to me and turned on the tv.

"Nice place," I said.

"Thank you, but there's no need for small talk.  Stand up," she ordered.

When I did, she unfastened my belt buckle, unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down.  Next came the boxers.  She then giggled, which caused me a great deal of embarrassment, figuring she was amused by my apparent lack of endowment.  "He's sleeping," she whispered, "Guess I'll just have to wake him up."  With that, she took my soft prick into her mouth and began stroking the underside with her tongue.  It didn't take long before my little guy was fully awake.

"There, that's better," she teased.  "Not bad.  Kinda on the short side, but it's pretty thick and I love the way it curves upward.  I bet that would feel awesome on my g spot."  For the first time in my entire life, I was proud of my cock.  "Sit down and finish your drink and then we can go into my room."

I was very excited.  I didn't expect to ever have the opportunity to fuck a woman, let alone a woman like her, and never in my wildest dreams on the first date!  When we made it to her room, we both undressed and then she had me lay on the bed on my back.  Next, she brought out some handcuffs, which she used to cuff my wrists to the metal frame headboard and my ankles to the metal frame footboard.  My excitement was made apparent by my cock boucing up and down, which she took notice of, "Looks like somebody's ready for this.  Wait `til he feels what I've got in store for him."

I saw her pick something up off the floor, before she climbed up on the bed on her feet, turning so her ass faced me.  She stepped backward until she caught my bicep with her heel.  Then she knelt down, planting her pussy over my mouth.  "Lick," she ordered.  I happily obliged.  As I was doing so, I heard a few cracks and felt the sharp pain in my cock.  I realized she was hitting it with a belt.  That wasn't what I expected to feel, but just went with it, licking her pussy the whole time, occasionally grunting and moaning into it.  

"Oh, the head of your cock is so fucking red, it reminds me of something!"  She stood up.  "Now, let me remember where I put that.  Oh,yeah."  She walked over to her closet and reached up on the top shelf.  She pulled out a box that looked like a fishing tackle box.  She brought it over to the bed and opened it.  "Here it is," she stated as she pulled out one of those tomato shaped pincushions and sat it down on the bed.   She pulled out a crotchet needle and sat it next to it, "Oh, we can use this, too!"  She ten shut the box and sat it on the floor.  She held up the pincushion next to my dick, "Now doesn't this look just like the head of your cock?"  

I struggled to look.  "A little, I guess."

"It's bigger, of course, but if we use the shaft too, I'm sure we can make your cock hold as many..." As she was talking, I realized what she was planning and interrupted, "Please, DON"T!"
  
"Please don't what?" she snarled.  "Please don't smack your rude, interrupting mouth?  Please don't stab you in the eye with this crotchet needle?"  She picked it up and I was starting to tremble realizing I had just made a woman who I knew to have dark and wicked desires violently angry.  "Oh, I know.  Please don't let you out of those handcuffs, kick you out of my apartment, and never speak to your stupid ass again?  What, exactly, is it that you don't want me to do?"

"Please, no, anything but that," I backtracked realizing how stupid I was.

"Okay, so you want me to do anything I want to you: to hurt that little prick of yours in any way I see fit?"

"Yes," I offered.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, mistress."

"That's better."  She once again mounted my face, which brought my softening prick back to life.  She took hold of it and placed the blunt end of the crochet needle at the opening of my piss slit.  She pressed her pelvis firmly to my face as she plunged the needle all the way in.  The pain was intense.  But, my scream was effectively muffled by her warm sex.  She then started with the pins, rubbing herself against my tongue.  I didn't want to scream and wake her neighbors, so I grunted and moaned, instead, with each jab.  The ones that penetrated my glans were particularly painful, which I realized she was aware of since she pressed herself down to muffle my scream just before she pierced one into me.  I tried my best to ignore the pain, concentrating on stimulating her vulva and clit.  I was rewarded with several orgasms.  I lost track of how many.  I also lost track of how many pins were inserted into my miserable prick.

Eventually, when the last pin was inserted, she climbed off of me.  "That was fun!  I never thought I could get so much pleasure from a sissy's little prick!"  Then she bent over and reached back into the box, pulling out a spool of yarn.  She also grabbed her used panties off of the floor.  "Open your mouth," she ordered.  I did and she stuffed the panties inside and then proceeded to wrap the yarn around my head so that I couldn't push the panties out with my tongue.

"Now, I know you have to be pretty exhausted, so I think you should just sleep here tonight.  Don't worry; I'll take the couch.  It's very comfortable!  Now, don't choke on my panties or anything.  I'd hate to wake up to find a dead sissy in my bed.  Well, it would probably turn me on, at first, but I don't know how I'd explain it to the cops!  Oh, and if they looked into my internet browsing habits, I'm sure I'd get the death penalty!"  she laughed as she walked out of the room, flipping off the light and closing the door behind her.

I didn't get much sleep.  The nonstop throbbing in my prick wouldn't let me.  A few hours after the sun had risen, she came back in.  "Good morning?  Sleep well?  I did!"  She had a towel in her hand.  "Lift your butt up so I can put this towel under you.  I don't want you bleeding all over my sheets when I pull out the pins."  Then she removed the yarn and the panties from my mouth and climbed back up on my face.  "You know what to do."  She slowly removed the pins as I lapped away at her pussy hoping to get some of her juices to quench my thirst.  Soon after she withdrew the last pin, I was rewarded with those juices.  She tried tugging on the crochet needle, but it wouldn't budge.  "It's stuck, I think.  Maybe you can push it out with your pee?"

She unlocked the cuffs and instructed me to hold the towel under my bleeding penis so that I didn't get blood everywhere.  I went into the bathroom trying to pee and pull out the needle at the same time.  Eventually, it worked and my pee hit the tank of the toilet.  When I finished, I rushed to clean it up with the towel.  She came into the bathroom and handed me a maxi pad.  Here, this will keep you from getting blood all over your pants."  She handed me the soaking wet panties that I had been sucking on all night.  "Oh, and these will hold the pad in place."  I didn't want to, but realizing my boxers wouldn't do the trick, I put them on.  

She laughed at the way I looked with my balls jutting out from the sides of the crotch area, "See, now you look like a sissy!  On her period, even!"  She cracked up at that.

After that, I got dressed and we said our goodbyes.  As I was driving home, I realized that in one night she has had caused me more emotional and physical pain than any woman I had ever met before.  In a sense, she was the worst thing to ever happen to me.  But, deep down, I also realized that she was also the best and I couldn't wait to see her again.
