When Basch shouted down the news that another party was approaching the castle, Roy tensed despite himself, knowing what was coming. Sure enough, Kimberly came sauntering through the door entirely too short a time later. Seeing him, Roy felt yet another surge of profound gratitude that the scientists had not been mad or sadistic enough to pair the two of them together.

While he and Hughes had been arrested for conspiring against the corrupt heads of their military, Kimberly had been imprisoned for the far more obvious reason of murdering the other members of his own squad. Roy had made a point of warning each of their new recruits about him in turn, not bothering to wait until the man himself was out of earshot. Kimberly, for his part, had just stood there and smirked back at him. Roy could only hope no one had missed how he didn't deny any of it.

"Mustang," Kimberly said, walking up until his boots were only inches away from Roy's face. "Sleeping on the job again?"

Before Roy could formulate an appropriate response, another figure ducked through the door and did it for him. "Now, now," Jade said with a mild smile, "play nice with the other children."

Roy didn't quite relax, not entirely, but he may have started to breathe a little easier. Jade simply kept looking at Kimberly until Kimberly spread his hands, ever so slightly, and moved away.

Jade, at first, had reminded Roy of Kimberly, which certainly hadn't made him inclined to like or trust the man. But Luke and Guy had both vouched for him, had apparently known him in their old lives. And when Roy had given his warning to the lot of them after pulling them out of their tanks, Jade had been the only one to look at Kimberly with a flat, practical assessment. It was the sort of look that wondered if it would be better all around to simply kill the man now, before he could turn on them.

That had actually done a lot to win Roy over, since Roy had long ago decided that knifing Kimberly while he slept would have been a kindness to the world. It would certainly have been a kindness to Roy himself.

Kimberly wasn't insane; he knew exactly what he was doing. That just made him all the more dangerous.

Still, if they weren't going to kill him-- and it seemed that they weren't-- keeping him close was still better than turning him loose on an unsuspecting world. And Roy did sleep a little better knowing that Jade probably would dispatch the man if he thought it necessary. Roy wondered if it was that kind of cold-minded attitude that had kept Kimberly in line all these months, or maybe he just liked the challenge that Jade posed-- however it had come to be, Jade seemed to be the only one out of the lot of them that Kimberly actually listened to.

David and Rush piled through the door after Jade, side by side and perfectly coordinated as they settled their packs and supplies. Roy eyed them and rolled his eyes, making himself a bet as to when their fourth pair would disappear off to a quiet corner. They were standing very close, and each had a vaguely strained look around their eyes-- they must have had a very long and very public journey.

Jade moved to bend heads with Vincent, who ceded his datascreen without protest. Jade was admittedly brilliant-- if anyone would be able to make sense of the scraps of information they'd found, it was him. Roy watched sidelong for a moment, absently studying the little frown of concentration between Jade's eyes, then gave a mental shrug and settled back in place.

If anything exciting happened, surely someone would wake him.

An unknown time later, Roy cracked an eye open when someone dug a toe into his side. "Rise and shine, sweetheart," Kimberly said with a wide smile. "Looks like our glorious leaders are ready to speak."

Roy allowed himself a mild glare, then sat up and stretched. Everyone had gathered in the main hall while he dozed, the whole mismatched lot of them clustered along the walls and apparently focused on the far end of the room where Jade and Vincent were conversing in low, intense tones.

"So?" Rush said eagerly, sitting cross-legged on the floor. "What's the news?" David was seated next to him, legs outstretched, shoulder leaned into Rush's own; the two of them looked a little rumpled, and Roy smirked briefly before turning his attention back to Jade.

Jade nodded to himself and made one final notation on the datascreen before clearing his throat. "There are still some significant gaps," he began, "but from all of the data we've gathered I believe we can at least confirm a few theories.

"This is how it began: facing some unknown threat," he went on, intoning each word as if giving a lecture, "the major governments of the three worlds set aside their own differences and arranged, in secret, to create a defence system. This was approximately two hundred and fifty years ago. The technology required for the program was only barely in development, but they hired the top minds in biological and military research and spent no small part of their treasuries in building the first test facilities. Then, using subjects gleaned from prisons, army ranks, and any other sources they could find, they began their studies.

"Subjects with a military or similar background apparently had an advantage when it came to survival-- their bodies simply accepted the treatments better. Hence the backgrounds of everyone here, I would say. So in time, they began culling their subjects from those sources, exclusively. Apparently, the full treatment to create a super-soldier from an ordinary human takes approximately two years to complete--"

"Two years," Seifer interrupted. "That's it? Then why the fuck was I in that shit for fifty? Or them for two hundred?" he went on, gesturing towards Luke and Guy.

"I was about to get to that," Jade said pleasantly, with a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. Seifer's own eyes narrowed, but he subsided with a sniff.

Maybe he had a brain in amongst all that muscle, after all.

"The purpose of the program," Jade went on after a breath, "was to create an army against the impending threat I mentioned. Now, as our enhancements do not seem to include immortality, it can be presumed that we were kept in stasis following treatment in order to maintain the most substantial army possible for when it was necessary."

"In other words," Guy said grimly, "they were building their forces. Keeping us all alive and frozen until they needed us."

"Precisely." Jade looked down to the screen again, tapping through several pages of text and wearing a small, thoughtful frown. "As for the pairing phenomenon-- there is less information available on that, and obviously nothing about the side-effects upon release as no one was ever released while the program was active. But the explanation does seem rather obvious, upon reflection."

"Lay it on us, then," Rush said.

"We know for certain that one of their goals was to create fighting units, pairs that would anticipate each other's actions and have a vested interest in watching each other's backs. In that sense, they succeeded, because there certainly is a connection between the selected individuals." Jade shrugged, looking too amused. "Only they underestimated the fact that humans are flesh and blood and hormones, and would not be able to support such a bond on a purely mental or intellectual level. Instead what they created was a deep-seated psychological need to make sure that one's partner was alive and well, which translated to--"

"Sex," Seifer finished bluntly, and he snorted. "Pretty stupid, for smart people. After a fight, you fuck to prove you're alive. Human nature. You'd think they woulda figured on that."

Jade smiled, minutely. "Quite."

"Okay," Luke said after a stretch of silence in which they all tried to digest what they'd heard. "Okay, so that's how it all started. We know what they did to us and we kind of know why-- was there anything else in there about this mysterious enemy they wanted us to fight?"

"Sadly, no," Jade replied, shaking his head. "That information was apparently at a higher level of clearance than anyone at a mere lab possessed."

Luke sighed. "Damn."

"How about why it all went wrong, then?" Guy asked. "Why was the project abandoned like it was, if it was so important?"

"Nothing we didn't already suspect," Vincent said quietly. "The main reason for the people's revolt seems to have been financial. Too many tax dollars being funnelled into the program, with nothing tangible to show for it. Some few groups at the time made claims of military conspiracy, and thus there was some backlash against organizations like SEED. But most of the blame was placed on the various governments."

"Most were forced to pull funding and disavow all involvement-- or were simply overthrown," Jade finished for him. "And thus we were left to languish, abandoned."

They were all very quiet for a time after that-- Roy, at least, feeling somewhat frustrated. They'd made progress in their search for answers, certainly, but nothing truly significant, because for him at least it was the why that was most important. Why would so many separate and often conflicting governments come together for something like this? What sort of threat could have been great enough to prompt such cooperation, when they all had to know that it wouldn't look good in the eyes of their populace? Or had the leaders of the world just been so power-mad as to try to play gods right under the noses of the worlds?

"So what do we do next?" Yuri asked at last.

"It's obvious," David said quietly. His accent still proclaimed him as being from one of the city-states in the far south of Trabia, all but cut off from the rest by desert. "You said that this program was worldswide. We've only searched one of them."

Jade nodded. "There are two off-world coordinates that might lead us to further facilities. We would have to use a portal to reach them, of course, and that might prove difficult. I, for one, don't even know where the nearest portal location is; that technology was after my time."

"Baticul," Basch said, unexpectedly, and all eyes turned on him. "Unless it's been disabled, there will be one in Baticul."

"Really?" Guy said, surprised. "I know they were talking about putting one there, when the design and testing were finally done, but I didn't expect Archades to let them keep it."

Basch only shrugged. "Apparently they had their reasons."

"Well, then. Any objections?" Jade paused for a moment, though Roy expected it was just for show. "Then I propose that as soon as our local contact gets back to us with some fuel, we start out for Baticul."

He turned away, and with that the meeting seemed to be over. Everyone began to disperse to their blankets or the fire or, in the case of some, to a secluded nook. Roy saw Seifer looking intently at a determinedly oblivious Squall, not long after both Luke and Guy had disappeared together, and he shook his head. Not waiting to watch the fireworks, he pushed himself up and started for the stairs instead.

Up on the balcony, Roy cast one quick, searching look over the landscape before tipping his head back to look at the sky. He sought out and eventually found the first speck of a star as the evening deepened, and smiled a bit bemusedly.

Travelling to the stars it had never been a dream of his, though Hughes had talked about it often enough. It seemed, however, that fate was leaving him little choice in the matter.

***

Seifer rolled his shoulders until the joints popped, grateful that the talking was over-- it meant he didn't have to pay attention anymore. And he'd actually been trying to, since he did figure all of that crap was stuff that he should know, being a pretty big part of what had become of his life, and all. He wasn't stupid, for all that some of his instructors back in the day had thought otherwise. He knew that if he was going to live the rest of his life as some sort of lab freak, he should know the details of what that meant.

Basically, he figured it boiled down to the fact that a bunch of scientists and politicians had fucked them over, and then got their asses kicked for it. Kinda funny, really, in that sense. Karmic retribution, or some shit. Served them right.

But as much as he'd tried, he'd found it very damned hard to concentrate on anything other than the prissy little bastard sitting on the other side of the room from him-- about as far away as the limits of the room and the ever-increasing pull between them allowed.

He knew was staring again, as the meeting broke up and everyone started going off to their own business. He knew he was staring. Couldn't stop it, though. And he knew the princess had to be getting just as itchy inside his skin as Seifer himself was, but he still just kept sitting there, glaring at everything all at once, ignoring Seifer with enough determination that Seifer was surprised he didn't just pop right out of existence.

But that was the princess for you, stubborn to a fuckin' fault. Made Seifer want to strangle the little bitch, but as that wasn't an option anymore, it looked like he'd have to find an alternative.

Seifer wasn't stupid, and he wasn't inobservant either. It hadn't escaped his attention the way the ones he'd pegged as other pairs went off into the halls and came back more than a little while later looking all flushed and sweaty. Pretty obvious what they were doing, and pretty obvious why.

Give it time, Luke had said, only he hadn't said that time would make any of it go away, only that you learned to live with it. And apparently living with it meant ducking off for a fuck in the closet every now and then, to keep their heads on straight. Hell, if it meant getting rid of the feeling like he was going to explode right out of his skin, or grab on to that arrogant pissy bastard and never let go--

Seifer considered the options, then gritted his teeth and just-- got up. Made himself walk out of the room and into the corridor beyond, aiming for what he hoped would be an empty room, refusing to give in to the feeling like there was a rope around his neck pulling him back.

He grinned tightly to himself when he was chased out by a sharp sound, like leather on stone.

Sure enough, not long after he'd found that secluded little room, Squall came storming in after him, hands balled up, scowling fit to spit sparks. Seifer managed to meet him with a grin. "You gettin' sick of this yet, princess?"

"Fuck you," Squall ground out, and Seifer shook his head, the familiar rush of the fight already starting to build.

"Baby, you say the sweetest things."

Squall took a swing at him the moment he was close enough; Seifer dodged that one, and the next, and rolled his shoulder to absorb the third as he moved in and grabbed Squall's arms. The moment of contact sent a shiver of relief and arousal and sheer adrenaline along his nerves. He snarled against it, swung Squall around and threw him into the wall, following in close. Part of him wanted to put a hand to Squall's face, just to touch; he made himself wrap it around Squall's throat, instead.

And there he froze, torn by the conflicting urges, seeing a frustrated echo of his own inner battle in Squall's eyes. It was almost a relief when the thing between them flared up and took over.

Squall grabbed at his shoulders, bucked up against his hips-- practically climbing him with the support of the wall to help. Seifer grabbed at those hips and pushed, twisting them until he was pressed neck to knee against Squall's back. His hand moved, almost of its own accord, to knead once at the front of Squall's pants and elicit a strangled sound, before making short work of the buttons there.

Squall almost recovered himself enough to protest when Seifer yanked his pants down to his knees, rucked his shirts up beneath his arms-- he gave a strangled sound of outrage and kind of twitched all over-- but it turned into a shudder when Seifer got a hand on his cock. Squall's head fell forward between his braced arms, and Seifer leaned, letting his own weight keep Squall pinned, letting Squall's arms keep them braced, and got his other hand down to open up his own fly.

At the first push of his naked cock along the crack of Squall's ass, Squall's whole body jerked. "You--"

"Nuh-uh," Seifer said, and reached up to press two fingers into Squall's mouth, stifling the outraged sound he made. Teeth bit down immediately, but Seifer just hissed and pushed harder, using his hand on Squall's cock to tug faster until Squall shuddered again and the teeth released into a hot swipe of tongue.

And then, then Seifer groaned himself, pushed them both forward as much as he could, and kept moving until he came all over the small of Squall's back. Squall's teeth bit down again as he came as well, splattering the wall, but Seifer hardly noticed. There was blood on Squall's mouth, though, as they broke apart at last, his teeth stained red with it. Which was, some part of Seifer thought, pretty fucking hot in a fucked up sort of way. But then, the entire thing was really pretty fucked up.

He shook his hand, wincing. "Fucking hell," he muttered. "You little prick, you nearly bit my fingers off." He flexed them, gritting his teeth, eyeing the dark red gouges still sluggishly oozing blood.

"Serves you right," Squall muttered, eyes on Seifer's hand. "If you ever--"

"Yeah, yeah," Seifer interrupted, tucking himself away and doing up his fly. He eyed the way Squall was standing, shoulders up and awkward against the mess on his back-- and Seifer found his smirk again. "See you 'round, princess."

Squall growled at him as he turned to leave but Seifer ignored him, too caught up in the discovery that he could turn around and walk away without feeling like he was being reeled back. The link, whatever it was, it was still there but it was bearable again, letting him leave Squall and his growled threats behind, letting him close the door between them.

He caught himself grinning as he walked away, too relieved at regaining that tiny bit of freedom not to show it. It wasn't even that much of a price, really; he wondered how much the link would relax if he actually opened the princess up and fucked him proper.

Seifer rolled his shoulders, straightened his clothes one last time, and decided to explore the castle instead of going back to the rest. He hadn't had the chance to yet, after all, and these old places usually had all kinds of secrets for someone who knew how to look for them. He might as well take advantage of his freedom while he had it.

And as he walked, he did his best to ignore the nagging sense of Squall that lingered behind him, just like he ignored the little part of him that worried this sort of arrangement wouldn't be enough forever.