NIS: Naked in Summer Camp
by Eddie Davidson
Copyright© 2022 by Eddie Davidson

Chapter 3

Boys were watching me shake and quiver, and I knew they could tell my pussy was wet. The very notion that I was being observed while I was in such a vulnerable position was turning me on almost as much as it terrified me. I was still bent over with my finger in my asshole. It was the most humiliating thing I’d ever done in my life.r I wasn’t thinking about the fact that I was digging around and playing with my butt while I kissed a girl I had just met on the bus to the camp.

It was a terrific kiss, playful and erotic at the same time. Roxanne’s breath warm smelled a little like root beer and cigarettes. She kept laughing into my mouth when we touched noses, and the kiss felt much longer than three minutes should have felt.

It hadn’t quite sunk into my mind yet that I’d be doing this ALL summer long. It was all so new and frightfully humiliating that I could only exist in the moment.

AJ had told us we could stop, but Roxanne kept kissing me for a few more seconds before she’d let me stand up. Roxanne’s impish expression was lusty and full of mischief. She looked at me like I was a co-conspirator in putting on whatever naughty spectacle this just was, and I liked that feeling of inclusion.

It was strange pulling my finger out of my ass. I thought a finger that deep in my butt would hurt but I missed it when I pulled it out. I wanted to sniff my finger or wash it with soap. I was afraid to look at it after I withdrew it from my butt. I held my hand down by my side and blushed.

“There is nothing wrong with sex. If your parents never, had it then you wouldn’t be here today,” AJ announced to the throng of boys. A few of them groaned at the idea of their parents having sex but what AJ had said was true. I hadn’t ever thought of it quite like that.

“Sex is perfectly natural. The birds and the bees do it. Think about the word procreation and the word recreation. There is no reason when you do it with yourself that you can’t enjoy it. You are going to see a lot of kissing and touching this summer and hopefully you will understand when it is okay to be soft and when it is okay to be rough,” AJ explained.

Sex could be rough? I was so naïve that I had no idea that there was a type of sex that was rough. I liked the idea of gentle, loving sex, but now I was strangely intrigued by the idea.

“Obviously, fingers aren’t as big as most dicks, and while tongues are nice, they don’t satisfy like a cock. That’s why Uncle Morty has provided us with standard-issue dildos,” AJ walked over to a box that also held the Fitbits that counselors were issued.

She bent over without a thought for her own modesty. I could see her bald slit and massive clam-shaped pussy when she picked up a dildo. AJ held it aloft and said that sex-toys were a big part of the arsenal in the bedroom. “Unlike a dick, it never goes limp, and it doesn’t talk after sex,” she let everyone have a good look at it.

I didn’t understand why she wouldn’t want her lover to talk to her after sex. I knew AJ was half-joking when she made the observation anyway.

The dildo in her hand was shaped like a man’s penis but almost 30 centimeters long. It was stout and flexible. I had never held a dildo before, and I had never seen a dick that long. I didn’t even know if men’s penises could get that big. The dildo was colored in red, white and blue like a frozen bomb pop that you buy at the grocery store.

“This is a California standard dildo, so it’s measured off in the American system of inches,” AJ explained. I was used to metric, but I understood inches.

“California has some school system,” One of the boys sounded rather jealous of how progressive they truly were.

“They are just normalizing what everyone already knows. You all know what a dildo is used for right?” AJ asked the crowd of leering boys. They all laughed and cheered in response.

She told us that Morty had agreed to buy the dildos for the program at her request. Morty sighed and made shrugged an “Oy Vey” about the cost. He gave us the same warning that he’d expect to be compensated based on our earnings if we lost them.

“Don’t worry Morty, we’ll treat them like our special boyfriends,” AJ assured the camp director. She explained that the colors of red, white and blue were positioned to measure off the dildo for safety reasons.

“These dildos are not in use in the high schools, YET. They have a program called kink in school that may get adopted but right now they are mostly only used in colleges.”

“So basically, you earn college credit to get your rocks off?” one of the boys accused AJ of using NIS as an excuse to satisfy her lust.

“Trust me, I have plenty of toys of my own that are far more interesting than this,” she shut the boy down with her coy remark. “These are simply standard issue so that girls don’t hurt themselves when you give us reasonable requests to use something bigger than a finger to demonstrate on. The red tip is four inches or about 10 centimeters,” AJ ran her finger from the tip down the shaft along the red portion.

“If you give your counselor a RR to blow her dildo, she is expected to be able to take at least the entire length of the red portion of her dildo,” she said.

“If we can’t get our dicks sucked, why on earth would we want to watch you blow a plastic doll-dick?” one of the boys sneered from the back. A few others sounded huffy and agreed with his question.

“It’s made of latex not rubber, and a demonstration might help. Wendy, you look like you know your way around one of these,” AJ flung the dildo at my best friend. Wendy caught it in her hand and grinned wickedly. “One of your campers has given you a reasonable request to show him what a blowjob looks like,” AJ gave her hypothetical scenario as an instruction to Wendy.

I had no idea what a mouth-slut my friend was. She greedily launched the dildo into her mouth and pushed it back to her tonsils and beyond. She swallowed more than the red portion of the dildo; she took a good portion of the white coloring of the dildo as well.

The guys were immediately entertained as my friend stood there giving mouth-loving to an inanimate object. I couldn’t believe how brazen she was. I assumed that she knew what we were signing up for when she and Marcia initially agreed to be counselors.

“That’s it, don’t be afraid to get down on your knees, or touch your tits and move around. Make it seem as realistic as you can,” AJ coached my friend. Wendy didn’t need more than a brief suggestion. She fell to her knees on the grass and began rubbing her tits while simulating a first-class blowjob.

“The white portion of the dildo is just 5 more centimeters or 2 more inches from the red portion. Six inches is as far as any counselor has to shove something up her ass to satisfy a reasonable request,” AJ explained. She bent over and grabbed another dildo in the same very exposed manner as she had the first. “Candace already fingered her ass, so it’s our turn, Roxanne.”

Roxanne caught the dildo when AJ threw it to her. She brought it to her smallish tits and ran it up between her boobs without being asked. Roxanne squatted down with her knees spread wide and then planted the base of the dildo on the tip of her asshole and began to sit herself down on it.

“I know you are eager, but in the future, I expect you to ask the person giving you the request how they want you positioned if they don’t immediately tell you.”

“Yes, Miss AJ,” Roxanne blushed and struggled to sit on the dildo. “How do you want me? Is this, okay?” she grunted.

“I’d prefer you stand and bend over so everyone can see. You can also ask if you can lube it up before anal. I’d highly recommend it,” AJ advised.

Roxanne was blushing. I think even as bold as she was, she seemed a bit humiliated to have to present her exposed ass to the crowd. She seemed to thrive on the attention and raunchy cheers from the boys. “Yes, can I have some lube please?” she asked with an exasperated grin. She seemed excited by the prospect of being as naughty as possible for the boys.

I probably seemed timid and mousey by comparison. I was envious of Roxanne’s sheer audacity.

“Where is the lube I told you to order?” AJ sounded concerned when she bent over the box and didn’t see any.

“Lube, shmoob,” Morty dismissed the request. “I am already way over extended. Just use natural lube,” Morty sounded less than sympathetic.

“I’ll see what I can do about passing out some lotion to you girls but in the meantime, just put it in your mouth and get it nice and sloppy wet, Roxanne,” AJ said.

Roxanne scrunched up her nose and stood there trying futilely to push the tip of the big dick into her tight little anus. “It’s already in my butt, Miss AJ”.

“It’s not quite in there, yet but if you won’t lick your own ass, then how can you expect your fellow counselors to do it? Take a minute to suck it and then relax your sphincter muscles. You have all summer to practice but I expect you to be able to make that white part disappear in your anus soon.”

“Yes Ma’am,” Roxanne did as instructed. The guys crowed in disgust and howled with amused satisfaction when she stood up and began to suck the dildo much like Wendy was doing. Roxanne took the extra step of licking down the base so that she could coat the white part.

“Anal and oral sex are huge parts of love-making, and understanding how to do it safely and expertly while removing the stigma is going to serve you well,” she said to the crowd. She picked up a third dildo and waved it around like a wiggly magic wand.

“Obviously, you will want to see the main attraction and that means that counselors need to make the BLUE portion of the dildo disappear inside of their baby-making country-muffins,” AJ mused. The blue portion 20 centimeters from the tip or about eight inches. The blue color faded for another few centimeters to round out about nine inches.

“Are you a virgin, Miss Candace?” AJ asked me.

I blushed and didn’t want to answer. I caught the dildo and it felt heavy in my hand. I assumed that it weighed more than 500 grams, or at least a pound. It was quite a bit stouter and heavier than I imagined it would be.

“Questions must be answered,” AJ insisted.

I lied and said that I was not a virgin.

“Good, I request that you suck this for a few moments and get it nice and sloppy wet, lick down the shaft and then squat and fuck yourself silly,” AJ smiled at me like she was offering me a treat. I was truly terrified.

My friend Wendy was down on her knees lost in the rapture of sucking the dildo like she was trapped underwater, and the latex cock had the only oxygen she could breathe.

Roxanne was bent over with her tush facing the crowd, trying desperately to cram the dildo into her asshole. She had pushed it into the tip while they cheered her on.

I still felt like all eyes were on me the moment I began to suck the dildo. I wasn’t as insatiable or greedy as Wendy and Roxanne had been when they put their dildos in the mouth. Instead, I was awkward. The taste was straight up latex and not delicious at all. I think I expected to taste the cherry, lime and blueberry of the original frozen bomb pops. The dildo certainly looked like a big frozen popsicle, but I’d never tried to push one of those down my throat before.

I couldn’t even fit all of the red portion of the dildo in my open mouth. I thought trying to push the dildo all the way into my mouth might dislocate my jaw. Once it was wet with my slobber, I withdrew it and watched my spit run down the edge. My face was turning red. I couldn’t even look directly at all of the boys watching what I might do next.

“Take your time, Candace. You are petit, let the observers see that not all of us are cock munchers who can deep throat. You’ll get there and that’s okay. Just have fun with it,” AJ said.

Have fun with it?

I needed to hear that. I was about to ride a dildo for the amusement and edification of a group of spectators. I barely knew any of them and while I had fingered myself, I’d never tried to insert anything as big as that dildo.

It was mostly terrifying and dangerously arousing. I kept the words “have fun with it” in my head as I ground down on the dildo to the cheers of boys watching me expose myself fully to them. My pussy lips parted, and my nipples grew even harder as I began to impale myself slowly down the shaft. I doubted I had managed to get more than the first four inches of the dildo inside of me.

Boys commented on my body. A few of them noticed my red pubes and pointed. I felt intensely subconscious, I had a pretty face, but I was the least developed of the three girls performing on the dildos.

Three minutes felt like a long time, and while I didn’t have an orgasm, the adrenalin rush had proven to be exhilarating.

“What happens if they can’t take all of the dildo or fail to answer our questions?” a sneering kid asked while staring down at me.

“Then you can come and tell me, and I’ll perform the RR for you or answer your questions,” AJ explained calmly.

“So, they can just fluff off, and you’ll do their jobs for them?” the angry boy seemed like he wanted to find fault with the system.

“I am not going to hang a counselor from a tree and use her like a piñata because she can’t fit 15 centimeters of latex cock up her ass, or she doesn’t want to answer your disgusting questions,” AJ assured him. Then she added in a half-joking and half-serious way “not yet anyway.”

She told him that they’d work with a counselor and teach them how to perform. “Many of these counselors are counselor leaders in training and this is their first NIS experience as well. I don’t expect them to have all of the answers. This orientation can’t last forever. We have lunch soon but if you truly have a problem with your counselor than come and see me.”

Morty was eavesdropping and he interjected “And if you have a problem with AJ, come and see ME,” the director pushed his thumb to his chest to assert himself.

AJ glared at him but didn’t disagree. “Shouldn’t you be over on the girl’s side checking on how Steve is doing? I hope that those girl campers don’t think all cocks are as small as his, or they’ll all be rug munchers by the end of summer.”

I half giggled as I humped myself on the dildo. I had stretched my pussy enough that as I lifted myself off of it slightly and brought myself back down, I knew that I was penetrating myself enough that I was almost touching the blue region of the dildo. I was ‘having fun with it’ and embracing the madness of the situation.

Never in my life, did I think I might have a wildly graphic and debased sexual experience in front of so many people while two other girls performed with me. It was so primal and animalistic to just fuck myself with total abandon while boys stared and made rude comments.

AJ answered a few more questions and then sent us back to our cabins with our campers to prepare for lunch. I got to keep the dildo that I had soaked with my cunt juices. I liked it when AJ referred to my pussy as a “country muffin”. That seemed strangely appropriate to me. She had a lot of cute little nicknames for body parts, and that made it seem sexual and strangely fun too.

Our head counselor was obviously far more sexually experienced than me or Wendy. I wanted to speak with her at lunch. She told me she was a virgin, and I always assumed that she was lying. I wondered if she’d admit the truth now.

Imagine my chagrin, entering a cramped sparse wooden cabin completely naked in a room full of boys that were fully dressed. It felt so surreal, and I immediately wanted to cover myself or seek out a part of the room that I wouldn’t feel so exposed once it was just the seven of us.

The presence of the other naked girls had made it easier, but now I knew that all eyes were on me and only me.

I sat down on one of the bunks and put my clothes on the bed.

“Hey, that’s my bunk,” Spaz insisted that I move. I hadn’t claimed or assigned bunks, but the boys had all claimed one bunk. There were three bunk beds, which meant there were only six beds for seven people.

I noticed that earlier before orientation, but I had not given it much thought. I assumed I wouldn’t even be bunking with the boys. Now, I wasn’t so sure. I stood up and waited awkwardly for lunch. I gripped the slippery dildo in my hand and waited breathlessly for someone to break the silence.

We remained in awkward silence until Horse asked me who should go first.

“Huh?”

“Go first to make a reasonable request? I mean we have like thirty minutes before lunch,” Horse asked. I was just hoping to run down the clock until then, but the reaction of the other boys suggested that they were waiting patiently for me to tell them.

“Sorry, I am kind of new to this. I guess you can go first,” I shrugged.

“Okay, beat my meat,” Horse demanded. I was shocked despite the fact that I had been warned that was a valid reasonable request.

“No way dude,” Spaz was the first to tell him that was completely out of the question.

“Why not? After watching them, I am horny as fuck!” Horse countered.

“We have to share this room,” Wheels was the diplomat of the group. “I don’t think anyone wants to watch you whip it out and get stroked.”

“I guarand-fucking-tee that right now, the other counselors are probably beating off two different guys with each hand and using their feet to stroke another guy off! C’mon man!” Horse insisted.

The other guys weren’t ready to see that. They seemed okay with my nudity but not each other’s. Horse expressly reminded them that they were going to share close quarters this summer and that they’d have to change in front of each other anyway.

“Changing is one thing. Watching you get your nuts pulled like taffy at the fair is another,” Wheels added.

Horse was pissy about the fact that the other boys had denied his request. I was glad. I hadn’t had time to process the camp rules and expectations for counselors. I wasn’t entirely opposed to doing what I had to do, or else I would have slipped back on my clothes and insisted the director call my parents and take me home.

I was a little too caught up in the situation to rationalize going home. I think I was also curious about the program and more than a little secretly excited. I did think about going home though. I told myself that wasn’t an option because then my parents would know that I fucked myself out in the field in front of fifty boys already, and since I already had – I might as well finish the summer.

I knew that I was lying to myself to justify staying. I also told myself that I had to stay because Wendy needed an ally she could trust. The fact that Wendy and Marcia planned to go together did make more sense to me. I wouldn’t want to be at the camp alone without knowing anyone.

I would have been mortified if a boy from my school saw me and blabbed to everyone, but I knew that if Wendy entered NIS with me then I could count on her discretion.

“Bend over and put your ass and pussy right in my face so that I can smell it,” Spaz inhaled deeply. His big nose made me imagine that he a had an acutely powerful sense of smell. I couldn’t imagine why he’d actually want to smell a sweaty pussy and my butt. I didn’t instinctively get up and do it because I was hoping he was joking.

“Wait a minute, I didn’t get to go,” Horse insisted.

“You made your request, and it was denied. Miss AJ said that you can’t ask again for fifteen minutes or until everyone else has a turn.”

“Fuck that,” Horse insisted that was bullshit. “I can’t ask again if I get denied?” he asked me.

I had NO idea how any of this was supposed to work other than what AJ had told us already. They heard her tell them the same thing and she hadn’t specifically addressed that. I was flattered that Horse saw me as an authority figure who could resolve the dispute between the boys. If I didn’t answer, then I also assumed that the boys might think I was indecisive and wishy-washy and not ask me questions like that again.

“This time you can make another request because the other boys in the room don’t want to watch you get your dick played with. Then Spaz can have a turn,” I said.

I was flummoxed! No one questioned my decision! I expected that they’d see right through the thin veneer of fake confidence and ask me how I arrived at my conclusion. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised that both boys accepted the decision.

I quickly added that the order would go Horse, Spaz, Fink, Wheels, Hardware, and Rudy.

“I don’t want to take a turn,” Rudy spoke up. He had been rather shy, and while he watched the complete orientation had not participated, asked questions or made rude comments.

“Suit yourself, fag! If you surrender your turn that just means more for us,” Horse chuckled wickedly.

“I just don’t see the point of all of this. I do not think that Miss Candace wants to do it either,” Rudy admitted.

“Who cares what the point is?” Fink joined Horse’s side.

“Yeah, it doesn’t matter!” Spaz agreed. “They can say it’s education, body acceptance, reducing teen pregnancy! Boobies, butts, smoking hot naked girls. What’s the problemo, Rudy?”

“I think he’s worried that Miss Candace is not exactly happy about satisfying you creepy perverts,” Wheels suggested. He was closest to my own age and seemed like the voice of reason in the group. The boys became crestfallen and looked down at the floor as if they felt ashamed of themselves.

Even Horse who was largely rambunctious and obnoxious at times, looked at me with an apologetic glance before looking down.

“It’s just back home in Toronto; Girls won’t even give us the time of day. Okay? They think they are too good for us. They don’t want to get to know me because all they see is a geek. I just thought that if there was NIS at summer camp I could actually TALK to a girl and find out the real deal,” Spaz added.

“And look at her boobs,” Fink admitted as an aside. The others grinned sheepishly. Even Rudy cracked a smile.

We sat in silence for a little while. I was afraid to speak up and unsure of what can of worms I might open if I did.

The P.A. announced lunch “Attention campers; we regret to inform you that lunch is now being served.”

We all had a good laugh at the dry wit that was making the announcement over the loudspeaker. The joke was that the sloppy joes and pizza that they served was of notoriously low-quality.

We filed out of the cabin in silence. It was so strange leaving behind my clothes. I wasn’t sure if I should bring my dildo, so I left that behind as well. I had to walk barefoot across the campground to the mess hall, and that took some getting used to as well.

Roxanne left her cabin grinning wickedly while the boys from her cabin groped her ass and tits. She didn’t lift a hand to stop them or encourage them. Instead, she snickered devilishly.

Wendy’s blonde hair was completely messed up, as if she gone through a windstorm. Her boobs were red as if they had been squeezed and her butt cheeks were also pink as if she just got a spanking. Her skin was milky white.

I noticed the other counselors were leading their campers to the hall. There was no assigned seating, but the tables were arranged so that logically everyone from the same cabin would sit together at the same table. I felt like maybe I wasn’t welcome at my table because I let the boys down by not being as provocative and encouraging as the other counselors.

I was genuinely afraid of what they’d make me do, what they’d expect of me. I’d be spending a lot of time in close quarters with these perverted boys and the notion of having to be prepared to satisfy a reasonable request day or night seemed far more than I could ever hope to handle.

The situation was starting to overwhelm me. The mess hall was noisy and loud. There was no air conditioning, only slow-moving ceiling fans. There was a surly woman named “Marge” that managed the kitchen and served the food. She didn’t tolerate the wise cracks from the kids about the quality of the food.

She sneered at me when she saw that I was naked. “I used to look like you when I was that age. Now, no one wants to see my big fat tits!”

“I DO, Marge!” Trip was in line a few people behind me. He was completely naked as well. His body was hairy all over. I couldn’t even look at his pecker. I cringed and froze. I was in line with a naked boy! What if he had a hard-on?

“Shaddup,” Marge seemed insulted because he was probably patronizing her when he asked. She slathered his plate extra Sloppy Joe and winked at him. She was probably secretly flattered by his attention.

“Yeah, how come the Camp Director and Kitchen staff don’t have to get naked, but the camp counselors do?” Steve complained. He joined in line behind Trip by cutting in front of several campers.

“Trust me, nobody wants to see these knee-shooters,” Marge offered a husky laugh. She suggested that her bra was the only thing preventing her tits from dragging on the floor.

“Hey, NIS is all about body acceptance,” Steve smiled casually.

“Yeah, we all have to accept your needle dick. It’s like a penis, only smaller,” AJ strutted over to him.

“Looking good, AJ!” Steve checked AJ out top to bottom and ignored her insult. “You know that if someone makes a reasonable request that we hook up then I get to bang you right here in the mess hall!”

“Nobody is going to make that request,” AJ seemed fairly certain. She held up two fingers and listed the reasons why. “Nobody is that sadistic! They know I do not like small cocks, and the other reasons is that I can’t fuck what I can’t see!”

She shielded her eyes with her fingers as if she was trying to stop the glare while she looked directly at this pubic patch. She pretended she couldn’t see his cock behind his thick bushy pubes.

I got a good look at what he and Trip were packing. Their dicks really weren’t that small. AJ was teasing them. Their dicks were smaller than the red part of my dildo. I’d never seen a shriveled cock hanging flaccid like that before. I was genuinely confused why he wasn’t hard considering there were so many naked girls in the room.

I wondered if it embarrassed them to have a boner, or to be completely shriveled up like that.

AJ grabbed the microphone and made an announcement. “Settle down, Mohawkers! I’m sure you are all getting used to playing with your shiny new toys, but there are some rules you need to know during meals,” she said.

There were audible groans, at the mention of rules including from Steve and Trip. “Let’s hear it, Debby Downer,” Steve said. AJ sneered at him but didn’t response. Steve was supposed to a head counselor as well and support the rules, not openly mock them.

“First, respect that your counselors need to eat, too. All reasonable requests during meals must allow your counselor to continue eating,” she said.

The groans and whining escalated. It was as if the campers thought it was a big inconvenience to let us eat. I think she could have announced that Ice Cream would be served for dinner, and some people would complain. The campers were half-joking, when they complained and didn’t take the rules all that seriously.

I noticed that no one from my cabin joined in with the whining.

“That also means no request for sex with other counselors during meals,” AJ announced.

A few boys rattled their trays and genuinely sounded disappointed.

“Eating pussy can be a meal!” one of the rude boys commented.

AJ held up her hands. “You’ll see a lot of that this summer. Trust me, at a certain point, the shiny new-ness will wear off, and this won’t feel like a rush. I am sure it feels like Christmas morning right now to you, and I am taking away your toys. Just be patient! The meal is short, and then you can get right back to it. Counselors can still masturbate with one hand, but please at least give us some time to enjoy this lovely Meatloaf that Marge prepared.”

“Sloppy Joes,” Marge corrected angrily.

“Oh...” AJ appeared a little disgusted by the orange mystery meat behind the lunch counter. She didn’t apologize though. She continued “Steve and I will come around and check on each table and answer any questions that you may have individually. Thank you, enjoy your lunch.”

“Fuck that noise, I wanna eat! and then beat my meat!” Steve shouted like a hypermasculine neanderthal. AJ rolled her eyes and approached the first table, and began talking to the campers and counselor to see how their experience was.

I rejoined my own table meekly. The boys stopped talking when I sat down. I felt so bad about disappointing them. I was still terrified of what they’d make me do this summer, but I knew that they were good boys and just wanted to have fun like the campers at the other tables.

My friend Wendy had climbed up on her own table and got down on her hands and knees. She had her pussy in the face of one of the boys and seemed to be eating from her own plate across the table while he looked up at her pretty, pussy.

Roxanne was down on her knees at the table behind us. One of the boys in her cabin had pulled his pants down and was mooning us. Roxanne had a devilish smile as she squatted down and nestled her face in his ass crack.

I couldn’t believe she was doing that for a boy she probably didn’t even know!

I wasn’t the only one that was shocked by the depravity. The other girl counselors seemed to be trying to eat while managing reasonable requests. The male counselors were all naked and seated on benches. They were generally eating in peace. The girls weren’t aggressively teasing them, but I saw a few of them masturbating and one male counselors standing while eating.

AJ had spoken to one of the female counselors, and from what I could tell by her reaction, it seemed like the counselor had a change of heart and wanted to go home. She had tears in her eyes, and she looked remorseful. AJ nodded supportively and said that she understood, and the counselor left the mess hall.

I didn’t want to do this either, but I suddenly felt like a craven coward. I didn’t want to be that girl who bailed on her cabin!

AJ stopped at Roxanne’s table next and asked her what she was doing.

“I had a reasonable request to put my tongue on the rim of his asshole. You said that we don’t have to actually penetrate with our tongues,” Roxanne looked at up at AJ before returning to lick the fat-ass in front of her.

“No, I said that we don’t have to put our tongues in or on ANY part of the campers bodies, just each other,” AJ clarified.

“Oh, I wish I had known that before I tossed the salad of my entire cabin,” Roxanne stopped licking and looked up from her naked squat. She didn’t seem more than slightly concerned about what she had just done.

“If you start doing requests that are outside of the guidelines then it can be difficult for the other counselors because the campers will expect it from all of us,” AJ said.

“Sorry,” Roxanne wiped her face and stood up.

“I am not saying you can’t do what you like. No one is going to stop you from fucking the entire camp if you want to be a little nympho, just understand the consequence for the rest of us when boys start to think we’ll follow them to the toilet and lick their butts”

“Oh no, I won’t do that! I made sure they wiped first!” Roxanne snickered. She was already taking another camper’s dick in one hand and pulling on it while she spoke. AJ nodded her approval and moved to our table.

“What’s the matter? Heartburn from Marge’s cooking usually doesn’t kick in until the END of the meal,” AJ was half-joking. She described something she called a combination of heart burn and constipation from the brick-like Lasagna. When nobody laughed, and she saw see me sitting with a wintry expression on my face I think AJ instantly understood I was having cold feet.

“I could tell from the look on your face today that you had no idea what you were signing up for when you agreed to be a CLIT this summer. Morty isn’t exactly very particular about accepting an application to be a counselor.”

I didn’t have to say anything. It was like AJ read my facial expression and made the correct assumption that I was ready to drop out.

On the bus ride to Camp Mohawk I thought perhaps I was chosen as a counselor because I seemed mature for my age. I realized based on what she was saying that I was probably just the warm body that was wiling to take Marcia’s place as a replacement.

“You can either choose to get dressed and join the girl campers, and we’ll find a cabin for you, or you can call your parents from Morty’s office, and we’ll arrange for you to get home,” AJ nodded without a look of judgment or scorn.

She told my cabin that she was going to have to watch cabin one because they were already one female counselor short. “I will have to work it out with the other girls, but that means you don’t have a dedicated counselor.

“I told Morty that we’d probably have a few girls drop out, but he didn’t want to pay for any alternates. I’ll try to show your cabin a little extra attention, okay?”

The boys seemed disappointed, but they quietly accepted her offer.

I looked around the table at the boys’ six faces. I realized, to varying amounts, these boys were still seeing me with respect. Even though around them, the beginnings of a teenage boy’s dream summer were coming together—for the OTHER campers. Beautiful naked young women being sexually active, almost under their noses. Roxanne was out-of-control just steps away. Other counselors (well, CLITs) were already getting busy, the results were obvious on their peer campers’ faces.And, I had rejected them. AFTER violating my holes, debasing myself right in front of them and forty other campers earlier in the day. When I said no in the cabin, they didn’t whine, or pressure me, or throw a fit. They were mature, even gracious. They accepted that only the sexual crumbs from an over-committed AJ would be their summer. Not the NIS camp experience they had expected or hoped for.I had let them down. Because I afraid. Of THESE guys!No! I just couldn’t disappoint them. I looked into Wheels’ kind eyes and smiled. “Campers of Cabin Six, I am exercising a woman’s prerogative: I am changing my mind.

“The RR order is Horse, Spaz, Fink, Wheels, Hardware, and Rudy. I signed up to be a CLIT this summer. That is a Counselor Leader in Training. You can call me Miss Candace, or Counselor Candace. Cabin six is my cabin. It may stink like boy sweat but you are all my campers this summer. If it’s your turn to make a reasonable request and you don’t want to have a go, then say pass. I won’t lick your dirty butts, so don’t even ask,” I blurted out without pausing.

I had said it without thinking, and it may have sounded brave. I was terrified about what humiliations and perverted things I may have to endure. I was confused about why I had said what I had, but I didn’t want to take what I said back.

I waited.
