The Best Fucking Nightclub in Town

Before long, I got up to go to the bar for another couple of drinks. The barman came over to me, but I indicated that the girl beside me was there first. She turned, and flashed me a bright smile. "Thank you", she said. "Who says there's no good men left". I grinned, and we chatted for a minute. She told me her name was Jennifer, and this was her first time at this nightclub also. She said she'd come with a girl friend, but wasn't sure where she was at the moment. 
 
Being a bit of a womanizer, I stayed at the bar to chat with her. I finished my drink, and started on the one I had bought for Ken. (He wouldn't mind, we sort of have this agreement when it comes to picking up girls - if you've got a foot in the door, just go for it.) 
 
I bought Jennifer a drink, of course, then another. We were chatting away, and getting on like a house on fire, until we were interrupted by an announcement from the DJ. "Ladies, it's time to play 'Cash or Flash'. Come on up here now, we're giving away two thousand dollars tonight." "Wow", Jennifer said, "I could really use some cash - I wonder what you have to do to win it". 
 
"Only one way to find out", I grinned. "Go on, be a devil, you'll win for sure". 
"I'm too shy, I don't do that sort of thing", Jennifer said with a note of fear. "But I could really use some dough ..." The way her voice trailed off, I could tell she was very tempted. "Ah, you only live once, go for it", I urged her. "You'll have fun". I grabbed her arm, and started steering her towards the stage. 
 
She went for it. Perhaps the beer she'd been drinking was giving her some dutch courage. (She was slightly unsteady on her feet, I noticed.) She joined the stream of young women and went up on the stage. 
 
The DJ obviously had the gift of the gab. "Ladies, this game is real simple. We've got a prize wheel here. All you have to do, is come over here and give the wheel a spin. When the wheel stops, whatever the pointer is pointing to, you get. Evey spin gets a prize." 
 
"It's that easy. You spin the wheel. If it stops with the arm pointing to $200, we give you $200. If it stops pointing at $150, we give you $150 cash. Then, you can leave the stage with your prize, or go back to the end of the line and play again. The game's over when we've given away $2000." 
 
"Oh, by the way, did I say EVERY spin gets a prize? I meant, ALMOST every spin gets a prize. You'll notice that there is one prize spot with the word 'flash'. If the wheel stops there, you have to flash your boobs at the audience." 
 
Well, the crowd enjoyed that possibility, I can tell you. A number of the girls onstage were clearly horrified, but the DJ kept up his banter, and they ended up grinning and giggling at each other, and no-one left the stage. 
 
The game got underway. The first girl was a young brunette. She spun the wheel, and it stopped at $100. Boy did she look relieved. The DJ gave her $100, and asked her if she wanted to leave the stage or play again. She thought for a moment. The crowd began yelling "Play again. Play again." She grinned, and said she'd play again. 
 
The next girl came up, and spun the wheel. It stopped pointing to $25. The DJ gave her the money, and she said, "Thanks, but I need more than that, I'm going to play again". 
 
A couple more girls had their turns, but each won a cash prize. The crowd was getting noisy, yelling "Flash 'em, flash 'em" each time the wheel was spun. 
 
Then it was Jennifer's turn. She looked tipsy as she went over to the wheel. The DJ said hello, and asked her her name. "Jennifer", she said. She grabbed the wheel, and gave it a big spin. The crowd started their chant "Flash 'em, flash 'em". 
 
Now I don't know if it was just luck, or whether the wheel was rigged, but Jennifer was the prettiest girl to play so far, and yep, the wheel stopped pointing to "Flash". Jennifer shrunk back, crying "oh no!" 
 
The crowd cheered and yelled, and the DJ grabbed Jennifer. "Come on, honey, this won't hurt a bit. All you gotta do is take off the top". 
 
Jennifer was clearing nervous. She looked at the crowd, and I knew she was trying to find a way out. There wasn't one. The crowd cheered and chanted, and the only way she was going to get off that stage was by flashing her tits. She gave up, giggled and reached for her top. Next minute, she'd done it. She'd pulled her top right over her head and stood with it in her hand. The crowd roared and clapped, and I think this gave her some confidence, because she did a big pirouette so every one could have a look. 
 
Well, I can tell you, I had a hard-on like you wouldn't believe. From the little I knew of Jennifer, this seemed out of character for her. I'm sure she'd never have done it if she were sober, and I knew the crowd had shamed her into doing it. For me, that made it all the more exciting. 
 
Her tits were just beautiful. They weren't huge, but they were pert, sitting up proudly on her chest. They looked so soft and curved so nicely. The tan lines only excentuated her beauty, telling us that we were seeing something that she normally does not show anyone. Her nipples were small and rounded. They also looked stiff, to me. I'm sure she was now enjoying her abandoned display.


The game continued on stage, but I knew I was going to spend the rest of my evening trying to crack onto this lovely young woman. Frankly, I still had a hard-on (I was hoping she wouldn't notice), and I wanted to get into Jennifer's pants before the night was over. 
 
I bought her another drink. "Thanks", she said. "I needed that." 
 
"Go on, you enjoyed it really, didn't you?", I asked. She grinned. "Well, yes and no." I spent the next half hour or so trying to get as much alcohol into Jennifer as I could. OK, it's not a real sophisticated approach to chatting up women, but it usually works. 
 
I was drinking myself, too, and starting to feel more than a tad drunk. "You know", I said to Jennifer, "you have a beautiful body. What I've seen of it, anyway." "Well thank you", she grinned. "To be honest, since flashing the whole crowd - I still can't believe I actually did that - I'm feeling pretty horny." 
 
Well, to me, that was a sign to go for it. We were standing at the bar, but I thought it might pay to move to a quieter location. I bought us both another drink, and suggested we move over to the back of the room. Jennifer just shrugged her shoulders and followed me. There were no empty tables now, so we stood and leaned on the back wall. 
 
It was quieter here, and a little darker, too. Our conversation seemed to have dried up for the moment. Anyway, I didn't want to waste the whole night talking - I wanted to see if there was any chance of sex with this girl. After all, if she wasn't going to come across, I wanted to move on and try picking up someone else. So I figured it was time for me to make a move. 
 
I leaned over towards her, and said quietly "You're not the only one who's feeling horny after seeing you flash up there." Then I kissed her. Her mouth was so soft, and almost immediately she began kissing me back. It was sooo good. Tender, intimate, but not all tongues and saliva. I realised my hard-on was back. I then discovered that Jennifer had realised this also, as she deliberately (it had to be deliberate, didn't it?) brushed her leg against my crotch. 
 
Well, I figured if she was going to rub herself against my genitals, she should be expecting me to do something similar, so I reached out and placed my hand on the side of her neck. I rubbed it gently - fondled might be a better word. I teased her hair for a minute, then moved my hand down to her shoulder. I kissed her again. She parted her lips a little, and her leg brushed against my crotch again. Naturally, I ran my hand down to her breast. I felt her nipple, hard against her thin top. She moaned slightly. 
 
I dropped my hand to her waist, then under her top. I ran my hand across her tummy. It was so smooth and feminine. I moved a little higher, and felt the bottom of her breast brush against my fingers. I cupped her breast. That felt so nice, I thought my erection was going to blow. Her nipple was so, well, ... pretty. Words fail me. This was one nice lady, with beautiful breasts, beautiful nipples. 
 
I began to think that this was going a little far, being in the nightclub and all. I suggested we go out to my car, go for a little drive, perhaps. Jennifer must have heard me, but she gave no sign, other than to rub herself against my prick a little harder. Then I felt her fingers toying with my pants, fumbling with my zipper. I thought she was going to slip her hand in and fondle my dick. Instead, she reached in and pulled my cock out. 
 
"Bloody hell", I thought. "I'm going to get arrested, standing in a nightclub with my hard dick out of my pants for all to see. " 
 
"Jennifer", I said, "I can't stand here like this". "It's okay", she said. "Don't worry, I'll hide it." 
 
Next thing, she was going down on me. Yep, squatting down, sucking on my dick, right there in the nightclub, with people only a few feet away. What's a bloke to do? I looked around. At least a couple of men had realised what was going on. They were just sitting, watching with great interest. No-one seemed to mind, though. 
 
Next thing, I forgot about the crowd, as the sensations my dick was experiencing intensified. Jennifer was moving her mouth up and down on my cock, then swirling her tongue around the head, then the shaft, then sucking some more, moving her head back and forth. I don't remember ever being so excited. This was the best head job I had ever had, and having it right then in public just doubled the excitement and pleasure. 
 
Some girls give you a minute or two of head, as foreplay, before the main event, but the way Jennifer was going, and the way my cock was feeling, I knew that this was the main event. I was going to cum, and quickly. Jennifer kept her mouth going, and her tongue busy. Her mouth felt so warm and wet. It was just such an incredibly horny thing to be doing. I couldn't believe that I was going to shoot my wad down the throat of this beautiful young woman, right here, in the nightclub, with other people just feet away. 
 
Thinking of other people, I looked around again. More people had seen what was going on. In fact, seven or eight had moved closer to us to watch Jennifer's action. There were a few girls amongst them, too. I noticed one woman was rubbing her hand on the front of her skirt, obviously giving herself a little pleasure of her own while watching the show. 
 
I forgot the crowd again, as the beautiful feelings my dick was experiencing was causing mounting pressure in my balls. I knew I was about to cum. I wondered whether I should try to warn Jennifer, in case she didn't want me to blow in her mouth, but quickly gave that that idea the flick - hey, I'm a nice guy, but not that nice. 
 
I could feel the cum building in my dick, and then I came. Man, that was a strong orgasm. The cum was shooting out of my dick in quick spasms. I thought it was a wonder I didn't blow Jennifer's head off with the intensity of the orgasm. But she stayed there, with my dick as far down her throat as she could get it. I felt her swallowing, and I was just amazed that this girl would let a complete stranger blow in her mouth. 
 
Well, I was shooting semen down her throat for ages, but eventually the spasms eased, and I felt that familiar drained feeling in my balls. Jennifer released my dick, and stood up to face me. She had a smile on her face and a drunken look in her eyes. She still seemed oblivious to the crowd watching us. I quickly zipped myself up as my erection subsided. 
 
Well, I thanked her, and told her how beautiful that had felt. "Perhaps we should go back to my place, so I can return the favour", I suggested. 
 
"What makes you think I'm going to wait for that", she giggled. "Come on, I want you to lick me now." 
 
I couldn't believe it. This girl was going to get us arrested. I didn't know what to do, for a minute. Jennifer didn't seem to have that problem, though. She took my hand, and led me over to the nearest table. There were two men sitting there; I knew they had been watching our little performance minutes ago. 
 
"Excuse me, chaps", Jennifer said. "Would you mind if we borrowed the use of your table for a few minutes?" 
 
They didn't mind at all. They didn't leave, though, just moved their chairs back a bit to give Jennifer some room. Jennifer perched her bum on the table, and lay back. She grabbed her skirt, and pulled it up. "Come on, big boy, it's your turn to give me some", she said. 
 
What was I to do? I cast a quick look around to see if there were any police or security on their way to apprehend us. There wasn't, but our little audience had grown to 12 or 13. 
 
Well, I got down and pulled her skirt up to give me access to her pussy. Mate, this girl was drop-dead gorgeous all over. Her pussy was beautiful, small pouting lips clearly visible through a trimmed pubic patch of brown pussy hair. I pulled her pussy lips apart, and ran my tongue across the opening to her hold. She shivered. I swirled my tongue in a full circle around her love opening, then stuck it right into her twat, giving her a good licking. 
 
Her cunt tasted fresh, though with a hint of female lubrication. I moved my attention up to her clit, and began licking her up and down across her little joy button. She squirmed and gave a slight moan. I kept my tongue busy, licking her clit, with occasional little forays through her pubic hair to her cunt. She seemed to like my licking inside her vagina almost as much as when my tongue was teasing her clit. 
 
Jennifer moved one hand to the back of my head, to give me encouragement - or to trap me so I couldn't stop. That meant I couldn't look around to see who was watching, and I doubt that Jennifer was bothering to look around. I just hoped that we didn't get busted. Whilst sex with this girl was fantastic, I wasn't keen to spend a night in the lockup because of it. 
 
I lifted Jennifer's butt and my head a little, to sneak a look at her face. She had her eyes shut and was just totally into the feelings she was getting from my tongue-work. 
 
Then - I couldn't believe it - one of the men who had been sitting at the table reached over and took hold of Jennifer's top, and gently lifted it up, showing her tummy, and then her tits. He pulled the top up as high as he could get it, so that her tits were fully exposed. He rubbed his hand gently over her boob, teasing the nipple, then scooped up the whole tit and kneaded it in his palm. 
 
Jennifer took no notice - perhaps she thought it was me playing with her tit; perhaps she just didn't care who it was. 
 
This seemed to encourage some of the other watchers. A bloke who had been watching us ever since the action started moved over close to me, so that he could look at her cunt, when my head wasn't blocking the way. He reached out and ran his hand over her leg and inside her thigh. 
 
Another fellow moved to give some attention to Jennifer's other tit. He leaned down and licked her nipple, then took it between his thumb and forefinger and started pulling it up, pulling her tit off her chest and stretched up. I thought "That has to hurt", but Jennifer just moaned again and thrust her hips towards my face, so I shifted my attention back to her pussy and clit. 
 
I think Jennifer had to know that there was more than one person giving it to her now, and I think it was that that was moving her rapidly towards her climax. She had her hips going now, riding my face, trying to get my tongue into her cunt, then over her clit. 
 
Now whilst I'm happy to do a little cunning-lingus, it's my policy to get as many orgasms for myself as possible. I figured that if I stuck my dick in Jennifer, she would still get as much pleasure as my tongue was giving her, but I would be getting some as well. We'd gotten away with this much, so why not go for the big finish? 
 
I slid myself upright, unzipped my dick (yep, it was hard again), and slid it over her pubic thatch, over her lips a couple of times, then into her thighs. Her lips parted, and I slid into her. She was so damn wet and firm I couldn't believe it. This was a five star vagina, it felt even better than it looked. My cock just slid in until I was buried in her completely. I pulled back until my cock was completely out of her, then slid in again, right up to the hilt. 
 
She loved it. She was doing gentle little thrusting movements of her own, to get as much of my cock as possible up her cunt. She was panting quietly as we hit a rhythm, pushing ourselves into each other, then withdrawing. I could feel the pressure building again in my balls, and I knew I wasn't too far away from my second orgasm. 
 
The feeling in my cock changed a bit, and I looked down. I couldn't believe it. The girl I had noticed rubbing herself earlier during Jennifer's blow job, had moved over to our table, and had reached down to fondle Jennifer's pubic hair. She ran her hand over the top of Jennifer's slit, rubbing her clit. Then she slid her fingers down to feel the opening of Jennifer's cunt, her fingers rubbing against my cock and her pussy lips. She used her forefinger and thumb to actually circle my dick, so that it felt like she was pulling my dick whilst I was still sinking it into Jennifer's warm wet cunt. 
 
Then she shifted again, and actually inserted one of her fingers into Jennifer's cunt - while I was still fucking her. That was the horniest thing, I could feel Jennifer's pussy surrounding my dick, with this other woman's finger in there feeling her cunt and my dick. 
 
That was enough to tip me over the edge, I felt myself rising to a peak very quickly. My dick built up pressure, and then I blew. I shoved my cock right up into Jennifer as far as I could get, then let the spasms carry me away. I must have blown for ages, it felt like I had buckets of spunk to blow into her. After the pressure started to wane, I pulled my cock back a bit, to make sure I got some cum all over the other chick's finger as well. Hell, I like to share. 
 
Well, as the orgasm faded, my knees started to feel weak, and my cock just shrivelled up, and I had a pleasantly empty feeling in my balls. I'd had enough sex to last me a month, I reckon. And with the loss of desire came returning sanity. I looked around. There was quite a crowd watching us, and cheering and laughing. I thought, What the blazes have I done? I'll be lucky not to get jailed for this, I'm sure fucking a stranger in a public place must be an inditable offence. 
 
I pulled my pants up. Jennifer was now sitting up and adjusting her clothes, too. I couldn't read the expression on her face, I think she was just trying to pretend she wasn't there at all, or maybe that it is the most normal thing in the world to make a new friend and fuck them in public. 
 
Anyway, I didn't want to be callous, so I leaned over, kissed her, and thanked her for a very pleasant evening. And then I was out of there. I quickly made my way through the crowd and out the front door. Interestingly, I saw a police car pulling up just as I was leaving. I wonder whether they were there because of a complaint of public sex, and if so, whether Jennifer got busted. I hope she had the good sense to leave the club quickly. 
 
What a night. I'll tell ya, I give a resounding endorsement of the new nightclub, it really is a GREAT place to meet people. 
 
 