The old flame

I lay on the bed my white dress up around my waist my white stockinged legs parted as his excess cum began to slip out of me and drip onto the bed.

I looked at Darren as he snapped away with the two mobiles he held then he got back on the bed and straddled my head.

"Open!" he asked and I complied as he dropped his drooping cock between my lips. The camera phones went click again several times then he got off the bed before fiddling with one of the phones that I recognised as mine.

"What are you doing?" I asked

"Just emailing a few pictures." He chuckled.

"No Don't!" I yelled suddenly waking up to what he was doing.

"Too late!" He chipped back then tossed my phone to me. I stood scrolling down the menu but I already knew where he'd sent it. As I stood I felt his goo begin to fall from me and as it did Darren snapped again with his own phone.

"Christ Darren!" I said looking at him as I pulled the hem of my dress back over my thighs. "You didn't need to do that!"

"Yes I did!" He said looking smug. "Mark stole you from me in college so it's payback besides over the past year you've practically begged me to do this with you."

"Yes but not now! You know what can happen."

"I'm banking on it! I want you carrying my baby."

I was desolate and could think of nothing to say. It was true of course. I'd slept with Darren at college but nearly always when he was going out with other girls. We did it a couple of times over my second Christmas at university when his girlfriend was at home and again three times spread over the following year or so when the occasion was right. I nearly had a cat-fight with one of the girls because she found out about us having sex however I just about avoided it but she hated me after and I lost a friend.

He was a great lover and really hung but when we finally went out as a couple I realised he was cheating on me as well (which wasn't a surprise since it had been the other way around before) and within a couple of months we split and I went out with Mark. In fact the truth was that I slept with Mark twice before I finally dumped Darren.

Anyway there was bad blood between them, from then on, for the last few months at uni and when I left I thought I'd never see Darren again. A year and a half later he reappeared working for the same firm as me and despite everything we became friends. He even seemed to have settled down a little and had a partner, I was still with Mark. It was clear he didn't want to meet Mark again so we stayed work friends only but soon things changed.

Mark and I got engaged however I was a little uncertain about it as to be honest I was now a little concerned that he might have be seeing a girl behind my back and only now that she was gone was he asking me to marry.

The mistake was to discuss it with Darren, not my suspicions but my doubts about getting settled. To my great surprise he was very supportive and positive about it and that was when he sprung his trap. He was so concerning and thoughtful and understanding I spoke to him more and more until I did finally confess my doubts about Mark's fidelity. What was a bigger surprise was how Darren explained that even if he had cheated it was only sex and the fact that Mark had proposed showed he loved me.

Anyway the nature of our friendship had changed and now I was confiding all sorts of things to him until I suddenly concluded that maybe I was in love with him not Mark. Darren was very understanding but rebuffed my advances saying he was a different man to the one at college and he was also in a steady relationship.

The daft thing was he seemed to spend most of his time courting me and I even asked him once if he wanted to go out with me. He looked at me and said that I was now only four months from my marriage and I shouldn't be so hasty to throw it away.

Anyway I got married but Darren still seemed to be courting me and at times I was in a daze trying to understand him. Then this week he'd invited me to his flat for a drink and a chat only once there he'd seduced me and now I had been soundly fucked by him. My phone showed me that Mark had received an email stating that he (Darren) had just finished fucking me and that I would be bringing my seeded womb home for him to clean.

I stared at him and asked why again.

"I've wanted to get even with you ever since we met again but I had to wait until the perfect moment. Now you are trying for a baby I felt it the right time. Also you still don't realise that my girlfriend is Maisy, your old friend!"

I stared at him in shock. He'd always referred to her as M and she'd never visited our office.

"She was the one who wanted me to breed you! Anyway I suggest you get out of here and go back to Mark who will be hurting right now.

Mark was there when I arrived home and after I'd cried for twenty minutes without him saying a word (or holding me) he said that Darren was welcome to me and that yes as I'd suspected he'd had another woman only she was also married and while she'd been willing to leave her husband he hadn't wanted to leave me but now it was fine because he was going.

He added that it had been clear I still had a thing for Darren which was what had driven him to the affair but I should be happy since he could have me.

That was it. We separated. In all the confusion the drive to his mothers and the begging for him to return I didn't take the morning after pill in time but it wasn't until I was over three months gone did it dawn on me I was pregnant but with a child that could have been either of theirs.


(Thanks MM)
