He apparated suddenly and fell over his feet in front of Hogwart’s School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. No matter how many times he performed this manoeuvre, his own innate, ground-centred clumsiness conspired to work his body against himself. He picked himself up and revelled in the silence, his breath showing quick and cold in the night air. Pale glimpses of light flickered from half-shuttered windows, no movement was visible in front of the old grey stones. Harry sighed with a small grin of peace on his face.

Here; he would always be welcome. In this place, disgruntled potential employees and velvet-tongued publicity hounds could not fill his ears with nonsense. No one in this hallowed hall had ever expected him to be more than what he was – a grown man, a shell of his former childhood self. He had defeated his demons, had (against all odds) lived to tell the tale. He had graduated, fought, tried to live a normal life, fallen into swift and short depressions, then clawed his way back to his usual optimistic self.

When he felt that all the blustering and blabbering of the world was choking him, and he no longer knew whom he was, this was the place that called him home. In its bells and routine and remembered boredom, he found refuge. In the eyes of those ‘who knew him when’, his soul found peace.

Harry had not had the courage to return to Hogwart’s for over a year, had forced himself to plow on, armoured now with his age and experience. But the fight for complete independence had wearied him, he longed for something inexplicable and, in a moment of solitude, recognised the growing need in himself to return to where it all began.

*****

Just as Harry was working up the courage to touch the tattered, interesting book that sat invitingly on the edge of the coffee table, the dungeon door slammed open behind him, the noise followed by a restless looking Severus Snape.

“This isn’t good,” Harry thought to himself.

Snape stopped mid-step, spotting the intruder who had frozen with arm outstretched towards its goal. He observed the tableau in front of him; young male, tousled black hair, glasses reflecting the fireplace flames, loose clothing and mouth open in shock.

“Harry Potter.” The voice was low, menacing.

“Once again, your pathetic idea of propriety is matched only by my complete apathy to your presence.” Snape grumbled as he removed his robes and slung them messily onto the back of an armchair. Harry’s jaw dropped a fraction lower; whatever greeting he had been expecting from his former Potions Master and comrade-in-arms against Voldemort, it had not been that. He began to regret his impulsive decision to sneak into Snape’s quarters. “Maybe I should have woken McGonegall up,” he thought.

As Severus Snape began to undo the myriad of tiny buttons that plagued the arms and chest of his form-fitting jacket he snorted. “So, I see you’re back to your wonderful impersonation of a stunned fish. What is it tonight – Australian mullet? North American trout?” he enunciated carefully, finally shucking off the jacket, revealing a simple, white, long-sleeved collar-less shirt.

Harry Potter, bane of Severus Snape’s existence, Saviour of the Wizarding (and Muggle) world, orphan, warrior and hero, stood up quickly and thought furiously. How would he explain his sudden appearance, not only at his old school, but in the private chambers of a man that everyone swore to this day was his most hated teacher? Luckily, his response was not necessary as Snape removed the top of a heavy-cut crystal decanter, poured amber fluid into a crystal glass equally as ornate, and dropped himself heavily into the chair facing the roaring fire. From Harry’s vantage point, only the outstretched legs and a sliver of hand could be seen around the bottle green leather seat.

“Do you know,” Snape said reflectively, sipping his alcohol and extending his leather boots towards the fire, “I used to believe that your appearances were the causes of my daily woes. It was too…improbable that, just when I believed I had nothing petty to concern my mind, you would turn up, and then I would realise just how many things were going wrong. But I’ve given some thought since the last time and I now know I was incorrect.”

Harry nearly gasped aloud, had he just heard the Professor admit a mistake? Snape leaned around the edge of the chair and looked at the silently squirming young man. “Well? If you must haunt me, at least come around here so I have the dubious pleasure of conversing with your slack-faced visage.”

“Snape-speak,” Harry thought as he carefully walked around towards the fire, keeping a good distance from the relaxing man. “Why can’t he just say ‘Come here where I can see you’ like a normal person?”

He sat down gracelessly in front of the fire, arm propped against the companion armchair. He looked at Snape, and Snape looked at him. Harry thought Snape had not changed much in the year that had passed since they’d last been in each other’s presence.

The Professor was still lean and oddly motionless, like a steel coil ready to spring. In the light of the fire, the deep worry lines that permanently scarred his face seemed softer, his black eyes less formidable. His hair was still that glossy black, it hung and curved and feathered the shape of his face to lie dormant on his pale neck.

When Potter had last seen him at Dumbledore’s funeral (well, more like an Irish wake Harry interrupted himself, so much drinking and laughing and carrying on), Snape had been his most severe; his eyes had not glistened with tears, but with anger and sudden, unbearable pain. Harry had watched him from the corner of his eye; he did not speak to anyone, did not enter the reminiscent conversations with his fellow soldiers in the Order. He had stayed long enough to watch Dumbledore’s ashes released into the wind from the top of the Astronomy tower, had watched as his boss’s portrait was hung in the new headmistress’s office and left with a snap and a whirl of his robes. Harry felt surprisingly sorry for the man; he knew, just as Snape did, what it felt like to lose the only man that you had ever looked up to as a father figure.

But Snape did not look so angry now, he seemed replete in his natural environment. Harry thought Snape might be looking at him with fondness, but did not believe his own eyes.

“I finally understand what the connection is,” Snape continued his previous thought. “And loath as I am to admit it even to myself, I know you can’t tell anyone, can you? You’re not even real, are you? You’re a product of my disgustingly barren imagination. I did some research, that first night I saw you. Remember? It was the night after Dumbledore’s funeral, and I was walking the corridors, trying to exhaust myself into some semblance of sleep. And you appeared,” Snape said, leaning forward avidly. “You, as you were when you first arrived at Hogwarts. The same ridiculous hair, the same broken eye-glasses, the same dumbfounded expression on your face.”

Snape snorted and fell back into his chair, sipping his drink. “At first, I thought there had been a magical accident and you were being forced to relieve your youth. Had I not seen you just the day before, red-eyed and mature?” At this, Snape snorted again. “Well, more mature than I ever expected you to be. You were what, 21, 22?” Severus looked at Harry enquiringly, but continued as if he did not expect confirmation. Harry was bewildered, he had no idea what exactly was going on, but suspected that the best thing to do in this situation was to just shut up and listen.

“And then I thought that maybe you’d finally managed to get yourself killed, and I was having the misfortune of seeing your ghost, although why you would choose to haunt me is beyond my comprehension. Particularly after I tried to grab your shoulder and my hand went straight through you. That was peculiar,” Snape said, the master of the understatement.

“After I started to see you around corners and, thank goodness, appearing to be your correct age, I then wondered if I was, perhaps, finally losing my mind.”

At that, Harry couldn’t help snickering, then covered his mouth rapidly. Snape looked down at him with the slight twist of lip that denoted what passed for a Snape-smile. Harry recalled seeing it twice in his lifetime – the first time being when Draco Malfoy had snatched the snitch from under Harry’s nose in the final Quidditch game of the season (thus ensuring a Slytherin win of the House Cup), the second being when a particularly spectacular Neville-explosion in Potions had drenched the entire student population in hair-removal tonic.

“Yes, I know what you’re thinking,” Snape admitted begrudgingly, “You suspected that that had occurred many years ago. But I assure you, I have the complete mastery of my faculties now, as I have always had.”

Snape downed the last of his alcohol and stood up from his chair. His light and dark figure stood over Harry imposingly. “And then, much to my horror,” he hummed softly, “I realised that you were a product of my imagination. I had conjured your likeness up, just as I would a mug or a book, or a long-forgotten memory. For some godforsaken reason, my mind turned traitor on me. I had lost one of the most important people in my miserable, drawn-out dreary life, and my mind, my own treacherous mind, provided a substitute.”

Snape stepped closer to Harry, who clutched his knees to his chest and looked owlishly over his glasses at the man looming over him. “I don’t know why you are here Harry Potter, or why you look the way you do now, or why I see you in my chambers or in my classroom when I feel that all is lost and I can’t spend another day living.”

His voice dropped to a whisper. “I don’t know why you sit quietly in the corner and watch me while I mark those pathetic excuses for academia that pass for assignments at this school, or why you stand over my bed at night when I can’t sleep, watching me twist and turn and listen to my mumblings.”

“I don’t understand why you listen to me rant and rave and recoil,” Snape sneered, frustration in his voice, “and you sit there, and you listen, and you accept me,” he finally hissed. “When have I ever wanted your acceptance? When have I ever given any indication that I do not loathe and despise everything about you?”

Harry was horror-stricken by Snape’s words. He knew that there was some lingering animosity between the two of them, but had hoped that, in the two years after his graduation and the daily battle against Voldermort, that they had finally accepted each other’s weaknesses and learnt to live with each others idiosyncrasies. Harry had long ago stopped thinking of Snape as his enemy – he was a man doing a difficult, unpraised, life-threatening job by working as a spy for both sides. On that final day when what passed for Voldemort’s soul had finally met his maker, and Harry and Severus had picked their bloodied, weary bodies up from the ground, the two men had wordlessly shaken trembling hands, until Harry fell to his knees in blissful tears and Snape had thrown back his head and howled with savage delight into the night sky. Harry did not understand where this viciousness was coming from. He felt oddly troubled that his Potions Master had such hate in his heart for him.

“But you know why Harry, don’t you,” Severus said wearily. Harry felt a sudden bloom of heat in his chest as Snape said his first name for the first time in his hearing.

“You are a product of my own mind, and you know all my sordid secrets and repressed thoughts. You know that when I can’t take it anymore, none of it, that having you near me is enough to make me believe that I can go on for just one more day.”

Snape’s voice cracked. “I don’t want you here, I don’t want it to be you. I don’t want you to help me. You,” his voice hitched, “you apparition, you image of my feeble mind, have given me more comfort and more security in this last year than I have ever had in my entire life.”

Snape’s eyes finally lowered, his rage spent. He turned from the motionless man sitting at his feet and extinguished the fire with a compact movement of his hand. Harry heard his feet slid smoothly over the carpet to a closed door on the other side of the room. “Harry.”

Harry stood silently and gazed at Snape’s moonlit back. Without turning his head Severus said, “As ridiculous as it is to apologise to something that does not exist, I am sorry for what I have said to you tonight. Things have been…difficult for me recently and I’ve taken it out of you. I don’t know why you are here, or how long you will stay with me, but…I’m grateful.”