Jane Grows Up
by Story Guy

JANE GROWS UP – 11

Jane and Jill slept late the next morning. As Jane climbed out of the bed she felt the results of the night before. She was sore. The two dressed and went down for breakfast. Nike was already there eating along with his parents. Mike asked how Jane felt and she had replied fine. What was she supposed to say in front of everyone? After breakfast, the group dispersed and the three teens went down stairs.

"How do I feel? How do you think I feel! After what you did to me last night I'm sore, you bastard! Don't you ever do that again - at least not today..." Jane mused once there were no adults around. After all had a good laugh over the comment, they decided to all go to the mall. Mike was going over a friend's about mid afternoon but went with the girls for what time he had. Jane's mother would pick them up at the mall and drop Jill off on the way home.

The trio wandered around the mall window shopping. Passing a jewelry store, they stopped and looked at the display in the window. Mike commented on one of the men's rings there and the girls ooh'd and ahh'd over the diamonds. A short time later Mike left and Jane made a bee line back to the jewelry store will Jill tailing behind. Jane inquired about the ring Mike had commented about and found it was priced at $129. She had to get it for her boyfriend. She asked about John's phone number and Jill produced a piece of paper. She handed the paper to Jane warning her that John usually only used models about once a month so it would take three months to save that kind of money. Jane was disappointed with Jill's caution. Her patience was that of most typical teens - she wanted it now.

On Monday after school, Jane called John. "Hi John? This is Jane, Jill's friend..."

"Hi Jane. I remember you. Your pictures have started to sell. I may need more next week if you're interested." he replied.

"Oh, I was kinda hoping you could use some now," sighed Jane.

There was a pause. "Well, I could use some close ups... The pay would be more but I don't know if you'd want to do those..." John offered.

"What do you mean, close ups?" Jane asked.

"Instead of taking full body pictures, I take close pictures of just one body part," he explained. "If you're interested, I'll send a cab for you. You can see some of the pictures and decide. OK?"

Jane agreed to the offer and gave him an address for the cab. Fortunately her mother had gone out for the afternoon and no one was home. She quickly changed and remembering the instructions from the first time, left her bra off. Leaving a note that she was going over a friends, Jane left the house to meet the cab.

When she arrived at John's house, he gave her a photo album telling her it contained examples of the close up shots and also ones he called "fetish shots." Jane hadn't heard the tern before but didn't question it. She wasn't really interested it what the pictures were called.

She gasped as she opened the album. The first picture was a girl's nipple. Her jaw dropped as she turned the page. The picture was a close up of a girl's crotch! Jane had never dreamed pictures like this were taken. As she continued to turn the pages looking at the pictures, John explained he paid $100 for a set of five close ups.

She came to a divider and John said the rest were fetish pictured. Jane was horrified as she looked at pictures of piercing, objects being inserted into asses and pussies, and people looking like they were being tortured. Her face turned red.

"Those are all done with props," John explained. "It's kinda like trick photography. Take that one for example," as he pointed to a picture of a girl with what looked like a large pole in her ass. "The only thing actually going inside her is a small knob. The pole just looks like it's going in. If you want to do some like that, I'll give you $200."

The figure echoed in Jane's ears. That would give her the money she needed plus some. She couldn't see herself posing like that. Still... "How many pictures?"

"Five," John answered.

"No one will know it's me, right?"

"I won't take any of your face," John agreed.

Jane thought for a moment. "OK," she blurted before she allowed herself time to change her mind.

"Let's get started. Don't worry, it doesn't hurt. You probably won't feel anything. You can put your clothes over there. He handed her a tube. "Rub a little of this in your butt. It will make it easier."

Jane took off her clothes and took the cap off the tube. It looked like jelly. Fortunately John had left the room. It was bad enough having to put something like that in your butt but she could have never done it in front of anyone. Jane squeezed a dab onto her finger and reached around behind her to apply it. The jelly made her asshole very slippery and her finger seemed to slip in easily. She took a tissue, wiped her finger and waited for John.

John returned wheeling with what Jane thought looked like a transfusion bottle setup for blood. He explained it was for enemas. She was told to lay down on her side and curl up in a ball. John said that he was going to insert the tube a little ways into her ass. Posing nude had been fun for Jane but this wasn't fun. She jumped as the tube touched her asshole. Although it didn't hurt, as John had promised, the tube felt off in her ass. In her mind, Jane tried to concentrate on Mike and the ring. She heard the shutter of the camera click and was asked to get up on her hands and knees. As she did, John told her to open her legs. She blushed as she complied. He then instructed her to lower her head to the floor and rest it on her arms. She settled in to the requested position with her tube embedded ass high in the air. She wanted to die but the ring was only four pictures away. The shutter click made it three.

The next position was on her back. John lowered the tube so she could swing her legs over it. Jane was asked to open her legs as wide as she could and pull her knees as close as she could to her shoulders. Once in position, she could see the surreal image of her ass with the tube extending out from it. She could still feel the slight sensation of the tube but her mind had driven the present so far away from her it was like looking at someone else's ass. He told her to turn her head to the side to hide her face and took the third picture.

The tube was pulled from her ass and John left the room. Jane stood. She wanted to cry with humiliation but there was the ring. Only two more pictures and it was hers. Somehow she had to make it.

John came back and saw the pale girl standing. "Wanna take a little break?" he asked sensing her stress.

Jane shook her head. She just wanted to get her ordeal over with. John, realizing her state, suggested they end up with a few close ups. He would pay her the $200 for three close ups instead of two more fetish pictures if she wanted. Jane agreed feeling it might be easier. She was instructed to lie on her back and open her legs. The last three pictures would be taken in that position.

Jane was relieved to be off her feet. As embarrassing as it might be to have a camera between her legs, at least she would be lying down. She was told to spread her knees while pulling her feet up to her ass. The camera clicked and she was told to pull her knees to her shoulders, again with her legs spread. For the last picture, John instructed her to reach her fingers down and spread her pussy lips. She didn't think she could do it but she had to. Only one picture remained between her and the $200. She reached down and opened her pussy for the camera. "Wider," she was told. She shut her eyes tightly and spread the lips more.

The camera clicked off the final picture and she relaxed. She had done it. A sense of relief fell over her as John exclaimed, "All done! You can get dressed now." She didn't move. She laid there gathering her thoughts. The journey had been torture but she had succeeded. She started to smile thinking about how happy Mike would be when she gave him the ring. Her victorious feeling revived her and she stood up. She picked up her panties, hesitated, then tossed them into the waste basket. She decided not to wear any. She felt adventurous and daring. A smile came over her face as she pulled on her jeans and sweatshirt. No one else would know but she knew she didn't have any underwear on and the knowledge excited her.

John agreed to have the cab stop at the mall on the way to drop her off. She walked into the jewelry store and bought Mike's ring. What made the purchase even more special was the nudity she felt as the purchase was made. She almost wanted to tell the salesman how she was dressed.

She walked through the crowd and back out to the cab. A grin remained on her face knowing everyone had seen her nude. They didn't realize it though. Her nudity was hidden.
 

JANE GROWS UP – 12

Jane wished her mother allowed her to wear thong underwear but upon asking, it became obvious this was completely out of the question. She still had the outfit at Jill's house and she would wear that every time she was over there. Unfortunately she was home more times than not.

Jane had discovered an alternative. She wouldn't wear any panties. She rationalized her mother couldn't possibly find out and the thrill of not wearing panties excited her tremendously. If the opportunity was there, she would wear a sweatshirt and not wear her bra either. It almost made her feel nude when she only had on outer clothes and had no underwear underneath them.

She was also discovering the feminine art of teasing. She took great pleasure in changing her clothes and leaving her door open a crack. She could watch in her mirror as her brother would sometimes stand in the hallway and watch her. She was careful, however, to do this only when she had panties and a bra on. Although "being seen" aroused her, she wasn't ready to allow her brother to see her nude yet.

She kept the ring she had bought for Mike hidden in the back of one of her drawers. She took it out and admired it. She couldn't wait to give it to him but although they talked on the phone every day, she hadn't seen him in almost two weeks. Luckily, her parents were going out on Saturday night and she and her brother were to be home alone. Her brother had readily agreed to have Jill and Mike come over after their parents left.

On Saturday evening, as her parents went out the door, Jane ran to her room to get ready for Mike's visit. Although not intentionally, she had left her door ajar and as she took off her blouse, she saw her brother's reflection in her mirror. He was in his usual spot watching her. Feeling more adventurous than normal, she ducked out of her brother's view and quietly went to her door. She quickly swung it opened and saw her brother's shocked look.

A guilty look replaced the shock as he knew he had been caught. Instead of yelling at him as he expected, an evil grin formed on her lips. "If you're gonna watch, the least you can do is get your clothes and change in here so I can watch too."

Ken's guilty face turned into a happy one as he went to his room and grabbed his clothes. As he tossed them on his sister's bed, Jane pushed her jeans down and stepped out of them. She stood up dressed only in her underwear as her brother removed the jeans he was wearing. He reached for his clean jeans. Jane, still wearing her evil grin, said, "Bet Jill would get a thrill if you weren't wearing any underwear."

"Huh?" her bother mumbled as he quizzically looked at her.

"Let's make it a 'no underwear' night!" she suggested.

"You serious?" Ken questioned.

"Yup," she gushed. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra as she boasted, "I'll prove it!"

Her brother watched in amazement as Jane let the bra drop to the floor. She made no attempt to cover herself as she hooked her thumbs in her panties. She hesitated and looked at her brother. "Well? You chicken or what?" she teased.

The same evil grin on Jane's face formed on Ken's as he unceremoniously shoved his underpants to his ankles. Jane gasped, not with embarrassment but rather excitement as her brother's hard rod slapped against his stomach. She dropped her panties and stepped out of them. Proudly displaying her nudity, she commented, "Looks like you're glad Jill's coming over."

The two stood for a moment and stared at each other. Jane felt the tingling start between her legs. She was pleased her body had such an affect on her brother. She took a new pair of low slung jeans from her drawer and slipped them on. Her mother had not realized the style when she bought them and had let Jane keep them rather than admit the mistake. As Ken pulled up his jeans over his nudity, Jane held up a short jersey and a button front shirt. "Shirt or jersey?" she asked her brother.

"Jersey," he answered. His hormones overriding his mouth, he added, "It will show off your nipples better!" Jane smiled as she pulled the short jersey over her head. Her nipples, hard and protruding with her state of arousal, jutted out under the tight fitting material. She looked up to see her brother staring, a wide grin on his face.

A knock on the door announced Mike and Jill's arrival. As Ken put on his shirt, Jane ran to the door and let the siblings in. After a brief greeting, Ken came into the room. Now was Jane's opportunity to give Mike the ring. She grabbed his hand and, leaving her brother and Jill in the living room, led him to her bedroom.

She had him sit on her bed and close his eyes as she pulled the ring from it's hiding place. "Its beautiful!" Mike exclaimed as he slipped it on his finger. He pulled Jane to him and kissed her deeply. As she melted into his arms, she mumbled, "I've missed you."

Things progressed quickly as  hands roamed over the other's body. Jane's arms rose as Mike pushed her jersey over her head. He left her to pull the article from her arms as his lips went to her hard nipples. She moaned as he suckled them. His hands quickly went to her jeans where he fumbled with the button and zipper. As he finally conquered them, Jane raised her hips allowing the garment to slip down. A finger easily slipped into her oozing pussy causing her to gasp. "I want you," she groaned.

He stood above the nude girl, removing his clothes and putting a condom on. Jane's legs spread as she anxiously awaited his rod. He positioned himself between her legs and she grabbed his cock aiming it at her longing box. He slowly pushed shoving his spear into her tunnel. "Yesss," she moaned as her legs went around his body trapping him in her cage. As he started pumping her, groans emanated as her itch was finally being scratched.

Jane cried out as orgasm hit her hormone raging body. Mike kept pumping causing Jane's plateau to rise even more. Her ass was hardly hitting the bed before her hips would once again jut up to meet Mike's plunging cock. A twitch of his cock told Jane he was about to cum. Mike pushed into her hard as his cock erupted. Both were breathing deeply as cum spurted from his rod. The afterglow of ecstasy enveloped them as their climax subsided.

Mike stayed on top of Jane, his softening cock still embedded in her. Eventually he fell out and Jane groaned, still wanting more. He rolled to her side and the two remained in silence. The sounds of heavy breathing and groaning could be heard from the living room. "Let's go watch," suggested Jane with a sheepish grin.

The two nude teens sneaked out of the bedroom and quietly down the hall. In the living room, Jill and Ken were passionately fucking on the floor. Even though Jane had just had her pussy filled with Mike's cock, she started to get aroused as she watched her brother's rod disappear into Jill's pussy. A hand slid in between Jane's legs. She splayed them as best she could as the hand found her freshly fucked but awaiting slit. Her legs started to tremble.

Reaching between her legs, Jane held Mike's hand in place as she slowly sank into a squat. Mike followed her, never losing touch with her dripping pussy. As they watched the sex display from the darkened hall, Jane reached behind her and found Mike's now hard erection. She held it as Jill let out a moan obviously climaxing. Jane stared at her brother's ass as it went up and down shoving his manhood into the writhering girl beneath him. The action caused his asshole to wink at Jane as her arousal continued to rise.

A groan signaled Ken's orgasm. His hips jutted forward impaling the also climaxing Jill. Jane could feel Mike's heavy breathing on her neck. She needed him again. "Should we join them?" Mike whispered in her ear.

"Ya," Jane hissed as she went to her hands and knees and crawled into the living room.

Jill and Ken looked up as they were joined by the other two. "Have fun?" Jill quipped.

"Not enough," Jane answered with lust filled eyes.

"I want to watch you get fucked," Mike said softly to Jane.

Jane looked at him and then at her brother. "You ever fucked a girl in the ass, Ken?"

"No," Ken answered not knowing where it would lead. He hadn't heard Mike's statement.

Jane was so full of lust she didn't care whose cock was where as long as it was in her. She turned and presented her bare ass to her brother. She smiled at Mike and looked over her shoulder. "Enjoy!" she told him as she turned back to Mike to see a large grin.

Even though he had just finished fucking Jill, his soft dick immediately hardened again. He walked on his knees to his sister's ass. Jane grinned at Mike and lowered her head jutting her ass out for her brother. Mike's hand went under her and he started rubbing her tit. Jane felt Ken's cock touch her asshole and then he pushed forward. The stabbing pain made her gasp but instead of protesting, she pushed backwards impaling the cock even deeper into her. Tears formed in her eyes from the burning pain as his cock sank into her belly. The hurt only served to fuel her lust.

Ken's cock stabbed into her as he started to pump She pushed back against every thrust. The burning pain in her ass was quickly transformed into a burning desire. She cried out as Ken's cock jammed deeply in her tender ass. She was on fire. Behind her, Ken was panting as his hips gained speed. Lust was boiling as it pulsed through her veins. She braced herself so she wouldn't fall forward as her brother continued to ram violently from behind. A twitch and then an audible groan signaled Ken's orgasm. Jane felt his cum shoot into her bowels triggering her own climax. Her pussy throbbed as waves of pleasure crashed through her body. Ken collapsed on her pushing her onto the floor, his pulsating cock still embedded in her now raw asshole.

Ken slowly lifted off the prone girl. The movement of his semi hard cock made her wince as it pulled out of the ravaged hole. Jane remained still on the floor. Her hand went unconsciously to her sore entrance as the burning sensation raged. The room that had been filled with groans, moans, and heavy breathing was now silent.

"That was hot!" Jill exclaimed as she broke the silence.

"You think so, huh? Let's see you get a cock shoved up your ass!" Jane grinned mischievously.

"Don't look at me," Ken groaned.

"Looks like you're up!" quipped Jane to Mike.

Mike walked on his knees toward his sister. "You're not going to stick that big thing in me, are you?" screamed Jill in mock terror.

"Bend over, girl!" snapped Mike again with mock sternness.

Mike positioned himself behind the prostrated girl and with one swift motion rammed his erection full length into her.

"Ow!" screamed Jill in pain.

"Oh shut up and take it like a man!" quipped Jane. "Ken, why don't you give her something to put in her mouth to keep her quiet." Ken moved in front of Jill holding his limp dick. She grinned, opened her mouth and took the soft member in. Jane watched with joy as her brother was receiving a blow job as Mike pistoned his cock into the upturned ass of Jill.

The room was filled with Jill's muffled screams, Mike's heavy breathing, and Ken's groans. Cum started to ooze out of Jane's ass. She pushed her finger onto the hole to stop the emission not wanting to go to the bathroom just yet. She didn't want to miss any of the action.

"I'm cumming!" Mike hissed as he shot his load into his sister's ass. Jane watched lustfully as his face contorted with orgasm. Jane spit the still only semi hard cock from her mouth as she grunted. Mike leaned back and sat down leaning against the couch, his eyes closed. Jill also moved into a sitting position.

Jane couldn't wait any longer. "I gotta go to the bathroom," she mumbled as she stood and left the room still holding her asshole. She didn't even bother closing the door but quickly sat on the toilet letting the cum audibly eject from her ass.

Jill appeared in the doorway. "Hurry up! I need to make a deposit too," she urged. The two girls burst out in laughter. The sexual tension that had built up in both of them had been temporarily relieved. The night was still young, though. With their hormonal overflow, both knew it would be a very rewarding night.


JANE GROWS UP – 13

It had been three weeks since the orgy with Jill, Mike, Ken, and Jane had taken place. Although Jane and Mike were still doing fine, Ken and Jill had broken up after a major fight had occurred two weeks ago. Even though Jane and Mike were still together, she hadn't seen him in a few days and he was going away with his father for the weekend.

Jane was in an adventurous mood as she picked up the phone to call John. She didn't really need the money but felt like doing something daring. He offered to take some nudes of her but she wanted to try something different so had asked him if he had anything to offer that paid more. She didn't care about the money but knew he would offer something more daring. Much to her delight, he did offer her something but it was a little more daring than she expected. He wanted to take pictures of her with a guy. He had told her she could bring a boy with her or he could supply one. Since Mike was going away and he didn't know about her secret part time job anyway, she opted to have the boy supplied. Posing with a stranger excited her a little.

Friday happened to be a special day at school. All the students were asked to dress up. Judy opted to wear a simple but short dress. After school, she walked to the designated spot to meet the taxi that would take her to John's house. She had told her mother she would be staying late after school to go to the library to work on a project.

At John's house she was introduced to the male model. His name was Chuck and not what Jane had expected. She thought the boy would be someone around her age but Chuck was probably in his twenties. He had a good build, sandy hair, and, to Jane, very handsome. Upon meeting Jane, Chuck commented to John that his models were getting better. He thought Jane was very cute which flattered her to think someone like him would say something so nice about her.

After chatting for a while, the three went into John's studio. John told his models to get ready as he tended to his equipment. Jane hesitated. This would be the first time she had ever stripped in front of a stranger, except for her first time with John but Jill had been there for moral support. Chuck, however, started removing his clothes immediately. As he revealed more skin, Jane became more impressed with him. Every article of clothing he removed revealed more of his muscular, well toned body. Jane couldn't help but remain motionless and stare at this Adonis until she realized she was still fully dressed and he was already down to his underwear. John had said something to snap her out of her trance and Jane  quickly undressed.

As she stood after picking her panties up to put on the pile with her other clothes, Jane was greeted with Chuck pulling on his now semi hard cock. She blushed. She hadn't expected to watch a man beat off and the show had startled her. After watching wide eyed for a short time, Jane was presented with a stiff rod. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen. Her legs were like jelly.

Chuck picked up a tube from a table which had a slender tip on it about two inches long. "Bend over and I'll lube you up," he told Jane. "Wouldn't want to hurt someone as cute as you."

Jane immediately started blushing. She had an idea what he was going to do but having him do anything like that embarrassed her. Not wanting to appear "child like," she turned and did as he asked. She felt the nozzle slip in between her pussy lips and then felt the sensation of slipperiness as Chuck squeezed the lube into her. The nozzle slipped out and Jane was about to stand when she felt the tube enter her ass. She gasped as the lube shot into her. As embarrassing as the moment was, it was enough to start her motor running.

The first picture was going to be with Chuck standing up and holding Jane. He took her under the arms and lifted her with ease. She was told to wrap her arms around Chuck's neck, which she did with glee, then he shifted his hands to her ass cheeks as she was told to wrap her legs around his waist. Jane had to hold her breath for a moment to keep from moaning. She could feel her ass spread open exposing all she had but didn't care. Her small tits were pressed against Chuck's muscular chest. "You're going to have to aim me," Chuck whispered.

"Huh?" Jane questioned.

"Line me up and I'll lower you," explained Chuck.

Jane reached down with one hand and grabbed the massive cock. As she did, she felt her body sliding down Chuck. His cock parted her pussy lips and entered her. Even with the lube, she was stretched uncomfortably wide and filled. Chuck gently eased her down. Jane couldn't help but moan as his massive cock reached unknown depths deep within her belly. The camera shutter clicked and Jane was lifted off the cock.

The next few pictures were taken in various positions. Jane's pussy quickly became accustomed to the large intruder and she became aroused although she tried to hide the fact. The camera had long since disappeared for Jane. She was disappointed every tome Chuck pulled out of her. She wanted to get fucked so bad she could taste it.

The anal shots were next. Jane was positioned on all fours with her ass high in the air. Chuck had lubed her ass again for her and Jane could feel a little lube dribble from her asshole. By this time, she didn't care. Chuck got behind her and positioned his cock at Jane's tiny rosebud. Slowly he pushed in.

Jane's ass was not virgin. She had taken cocks with almost no lubrication but this was the largest by far. Jane could feel her ass being opened. Her tiny hole started burning and Chuck still wasn't in. The pain was increasing but Jane found she liked the hurt. She pushed back causing tears to form in her eyes. A sharp, sudden pain caused her to cry out as Chuck's cock popped inside her. "Are you OK?" he asked.

Jane's voice wouldn't work. She nodded her head. The camera snapped and Chuck pulled out leaving Jane's asshole gaping. They changed positions and he once again jabbed into her. This time was easier but it still hurt. Strangely the pain made Jane even hornier.

Jane was disappointed when the last picture was taken. She wanted to get fucked. It had been almost a week since she had been laid. Sadly she dressed. She didn't wait to see any of the pictures. A short time later, she was walking in her door still feeling randy.

Ken was sitting on the couch. She had noticed her parents car gone. "Where's Mom and Dad?" she asked.

"They went out to dinner. They left some money for us to get pizza," Ken answered and then started talking about various things.

Jane listened for a while and then decided to change out of her dress. "Can you unzip me?" she asked. Ken agreed and stood to do as Jane requested. Instead of waiting, she walked to her room. Ken followed. Once inside her room, Jane turned her back to Ken and lifted her hair so he could unzip the dress. After doing so, he turned to leave. Jane had asked for his assistance for a reason. "You can stay if you want to talk," she told him. Ken turned and sat on her bed. Jane stood and let her dress drop, standing before him in her bra and panties.

"Would it bother you if I didn't wear a bra when we go for pizza?" she asked, knowing full well what his answer would be. Ken, as expected, shook his head. Jane reached behind her and undid her bra. As seductively as she could, she let it slide down her arms to the floor. Her strip had the desired effect. She could see Ken's cock growing in his pants. "Looks like you've got a problem," she coyly stated. "You haven't been out in three weeks. If you want, I'll take care of you so you don't have to do it yourself."

Ken stood and as Jane fumbled with his belt, he pushed her panties down. She stepped out of them as his pants dropped. Jane was already breathing hard. "Got anything?" she asked as she pushed his underwear to the floor allowing his cock to spring free.

"No," he said as he walked behind her.

"Shit!" she explained before he pushed her forward onto the bed. As soon as she landed, she felt Ken's cock touch her asshole. Her breath hissed through her teeth as he pushed forward. The stretching hurt but she pushed back. There was still some lubrication left from her photo shoot and Ken's cock slid in until his belly collided with her ass.

Ken, realizing how easy his entry had been, remarked, "You must have expected something. You lubed yourself."

"Shut up and fuck me," Jane mumbled as her hand went to her sloppy pussy. After her experiences that afternoon and her unfulfilled desires, she didn't want to talk right now. Ken too was in need. He started pumping at a fast rate.

Jane's asshole was burning. Each forward plunge Ken made resulted in a grunt emanating from deep within Jane. Her clit was standing like a tiny cock sticking out from her wet pussy lips. She was trying to rub it gently but each time Ken plunged his cock in, she lunged forward jamming her finger into the sensitive button. Sparks seemed to migrate from it and spread throughout her entire body.

She had been aroused all afternoon and the feeling of Ken's cum shooting into her ass was all she needed to set her own orgasm off. She screamed as the long awaited climax relieved her. She could feel the cock imbedded in her ass pulsating. She jammed her ass back as hard as she could against Ken in an effort to maximize the sensations. He collapsed onto her back with his cock still inside her.

Eventually her orgasm ended. She could feel Ken's softening cock start to slip out of her. Although she had just climaxed, she wanted more. Her asshole clenched to try to keep the escaping invader in place. Unfortunately her action only served to push him out even quicker. She sighed as he slipped out. Ken was still laying on her back and she could feel his breathing on her neck. His cum started to ooze out of her and down her leg.

"Bastard!" she mocked. "If you plan on fucking me again tonight, you'd better get some condoms. Your cum is running down my leg."

"Sorry," Ken sputtered with the same teasing mock. "How inconsiderate of me. I'll be sure to get a pack when we're out - providing you don't spend all the money at the pizza place."

They both laughed as Ken stood up, freeing his sister. They did go for pizza. Jane didn't wear a bra or panties that night. They stopped in a store on the way home and Ken made his promised purchase. The seam of Jane's jeans proved to be in exactly the right spot and she was so horny by the time she got home, she stripped right in the living room. Ken fucked her in her pussy right on the floor. Afterwards, they moved to her bedroom where he fucked her again.

They both went to bed early that night even before their parents came home. Both were exhausted from the evening's activities but at least they were satisfied - for now.

