From Exhibitionist to Slut
by tiffany58
Copyright© 2023 by tiffany58

Chapter 9: Highest bidders win

Just before Christmas they were all using me for a friendly gangbang, passing me from one cock to another or burying themselves into a gaping hole or my mouth, when one of them said “We have not done a proper gangbang on the site since that very first one – we should do another but give our paying punters the chance to be the ones to fuck the Slut.” As the chat progressed the idea took shape and it was agreed that we would do a gangbang with 20 subscribers, with the places going to the highest bidders.

I was excited by the idea of another gangbang as I had really enjoyed the first one I did, even though I was physically and mentally shattered by the experience. All those cocks just using me, in whichever hole they pleased, had been degrading but so stimulating and I often thought about it even many weeks later. However, this one was different and the guys could tell there was something troubling me as I seemed less enthusiastic than they expected. “What’s the problem?” one of them asked me., “you have done it before and much more besides.”

“I know” I replied softly, “but that was all just men using me for their fun, either in real life or on video. This is different. This time we are asking men to pay to fuck me in real life and that makes me a prostitute. I know men pay to see me on video but they are paying to watch porn that has me in it, but this time it is real sex with real men and they are paying specifically to have sex with me – that does make me a prostitute!”

“Look girl, you are seeing this all wrong.” Said the oldest of my guys. “You are The Slut but you are also just a slut and the obvious next evolution for you is to become a prostitute. So, after the New Year we will start selling you to customers, not just off the website for group stuff but probably as an escort one to one and probably then as a real hooker through brothels and sex clubs, here in the UK and in Europe. Just lie back and enjoy being used for money!”

I was stunned – not just them selling me to a group of men for a gangbang but their plans to have me selling my body to men in seedy bars. clubs and brothels – and in Europe as well. I did not know what to say and just sat there looking dumb. That was all the agreement they needed to confirm that my next Sluttish development was to be as a prostitute. I had accepted my fate through my silence.

By early January all the plans were laid by them including venue, date, and the web auction details. That next weekend my message was very different and specific. I was filmed with a cock in my pussy and one in my ass and two cocks in hand, trying to force themselves into my mouth. A mini gangbang already! This is what I said, “Hi my lovely guys – I hope you are enjoying watching me being used for your entertainment. As you know until the middle of August, I was an innocent teenage virgin, but then I was corrupted by a group of men old enough to be my father – this is the same guys using me now! One of the things they did to me back then, as they trained me to become your Slut, was to take me to a warehouse where 15 guys gangbanged me for two hours. I was destroyed by them but afterwards realised I had enjoyed every cock in every hole.

“So, when my abusers suggested I do another gangbang but this time just for you, my loyal fans, I agreed instantly. Firstly, I would love another gangbang with cocks in my pussy, my ass, my mouth and cum all over my face and body and leaking out of my gaping holes. Secondly, the chance to meet some of you in person was too good to miss.

“So, in two weeks’ time, at a venue to be disclosed nearer the time, 20 of you, my most enthusiastic supporters, can buy a ticket to come and fill me for two hours with your cocks, tongues, fingers, fists and cum – no restrictions, no limits, no condoms – just you and me. Go to the party auction page and the highest bidders will meet me in two weeks’ time.”

By that Friday two weeks later, my guys told me we had our twenty men and they had paid a fortune to have me to themselves for two hours. It would all take place on Sunday at a venue in the Midlands. As they were coming from all over the country this was nice and central.

They showed me photos of all the guys and some background information on each which they had gathered for my safety and security. All their photos had them naked and erect and it was a very mixed bunch! However, they all had cocks and they all wanted to stick them in me, so I was happy. In fact, a couple were quite attractive and at least two had cocks worth welcoming into my pussy!

While looking at the photos of my buyers the guys gave me some background on the more interesting ones. One in particular attracted their attention. He was about 6 feet tall, fat, with a large cock that stood out from his hairy body. He was not attractive at all. However, one of the guys said “This guy is a Russian oligarch who has lived in London for years. He is very rich and he is a devoted follower of The Slut. He has bought everything we have ever posted and he was the first to submit a bid for you – and ended up as the highest bidder when we closed the bidding. He will get the honour of being the first too use you on Sunday, but only for 30 seconds lol.”

On Saturday as we sat around the kitchen table, the oldest guy, who was effectively my lover’s number two, said to me “OK so tomorrow is your first paid adventure. These twenty guys have each paid a fortune to destroy you for two hours. They expect to get their money’s worth from you. That means nothing is off limits. And the first thing they will want to do is fuck your mouth and throat, deep and hard and for a long time. They do not want a simple blow job. They want to see you gagging, drooling and their cocks covered in your saliva as it drips onto your tits. So now we are going to give you some practice.”

With that I was pushed onto my knees on the kitchen floor and the one with a cock almost as big as my giant black lover, came to stand in front of me with his cock already at attention. He grabbed my head with both hands and told me to open wide and start sucking. But within seconds his cock was hitting the back of my mouth and forcing itself into my throat. “Just swallow” someone said. I tried to but he was big and very violent with me and before I could cope properly he broke through and began to fuck my throat, driving deep into me and pulling my head backwards and forwards on his cock.

On each pull back I gasped for air while drool poured from my gaping mouth, before being driven onto his weapon yet again, which made me instantly gag. He continued to fuck my throat for a good fifteen minutes, while the other guys all gave me advise on what to do to make it go deeper and longer.After my “practice” each of them gave me a fuck in cunt and ass to prepare me for tomorrow, before sending me upstairs to join my lover for the night. I was as we relaxed after his first anal fuck of the night that I asked him if he was driving me tomorrow. He shocked me by saying no and that as it was a paid job he would leave it to the guys to look after me. They didn’t need him he said, although I silently thought “But I need you!”

So, Sunday lunchtime at the end of January, I was loaded, naked as usual, into the Mercedes and driven to a nightclub on the outskirts of a Midlands town which my guys said they had hired for the night, although I discovered later it was owned by my lover, alongside the one he had taken me to for New Year and others. On the way, his deputy told me a few more things I needed to do. “Make lots of moans and groans, scream with pain if you like, talk dirty to them, tell them how much you like their dicks in your ass, and most of all remember never to say no to any of them or push them away. That is what they are paying for – to hear you suffer and to see you enjoy it.”

When we arrived in mid afternoon at the backdoor of the nightclub, one of them explained that Sunday afternoon and early evening was the quietest time in the club so we had plenty of time for the gangbang and then for me to socialise with them over a drink afterwards – that was news to me!

I was taken in through the backdoor into an office where the same two girls from my first gangbang were waiting for me. As they bent me over the desk and filled my anus and pussy with lots of lubricant, they both chatted sweetly to me about what to expect and how much they admired me for what I was about to do. Then the moment arrived to make my debut. They led me through a door into the club itself which was in darkness apart from a stage in the centre of the dancefloor, which had four spot lights trained on it. The stage was covered in soft mattresses and was surrounded by bottles of water and lube.

The girls made me kneel in the centre of the stage and after a few nervous minutes I heard one of my guys announce the name of the Russian, Dmitri, as the highest bidder who would get first use of my mouth and throat. After 30 seconds the others could take the stage and from then on, for the next two hours, they could do whatever they wanted to me, only to finish with a glorious twenty cock facial at the end.

Another light came on and lit up the fat Russian with his hairy huge cock pointing at me. He walked towards me and in a guttural voice told me to open wide but to keep looking at his face. I obediently opened and stared at his sneering face, before he immediately grabbed my head and rammed that great tool into me and straight to the b ack of my mouth and into my ravished throat. Two quick thrusts and suddenly the whole club was lit up to reveal the other 19 naked men all moving in on me. Within the first five minutes each of them had fucked my cunt or my ass, and Dmitri had relinquished his ownership of my throat so others could also slam into my face with their desperate cocks.

Within the first hour I had been fucked almost senseless, my pussy and my anus were gaping and leaking fluids, mine and theirs, and my throat had been ruined already. Then Dmitri decided to fist me, luckily with lots of lube, before one of the others took advantage of my open anus to fist me there as well. During the chat between them one remembered my double penetration videos and so that was the next thing they decided to do to me, first in my pussy and then in my ass and then in my mouth! I had been fucked for nearly two hours, and cum was dripping everywhere from my orifices and drool soaked my face and breasts.

Then the word came from the side-lines that it was bukkake time and so the twenty men once again emptied their cum all over my face and hair and in my open mouth. At which point they all cheered and clapped each other on their backs, completely ignoring my cum soaked body lying at their feet in a semi-stupor. Thirty minutes later I was lifted to my feet by my guys and with great difficulty I was walked into an enjoining bar area where the men, all fully dressed now, were waiting for me. I was given a polite round of applause and several nice compliments about my performance, before the guys led me to each man in turn so I could thank him for fucking me so enjoyably and hoping he had got what he wanted from me.

Dmitri was the last and he told me he had thoroughly enjoyed banging my throat and fisting my cunt. He hoped he would get many more opportunities to do it again and would pay me well for me to give him everything he wanted.

Then for the next hour they all just chatted to me and to each other, and to my guys when the conversation turned to hiring me again for group or one-to-one action. Clearly, they all considered me to be a prostitute now, even though they knew this had been my first paid sex.

But the fact they all wanted me was both humiliating and exciting. My new life as a working prostitute had obviously been launched and I could not wait to see what new depths of sluttishness I could sink to – and it was obvious that the big fat hairy Russian, Dmitri, was going to be a very regular buyer of my body! I couldn’t wait!

