That Creampie Smile

The way that Gina roped me into creampie dessert was gradual.  Now I 
know that she had plans from the start, and impeccably carried them 
out step by step.

She knew that her smile dazzled the guys, and used that fact to her 
advantage.  I remember my first night at her apartment.  We had gone 
there after dinner, and were talking.  She flashed me that smile -- 
eyes wide and excited, with a gleam in them, and her lips pressed 
together, as if trying not to let herself break into a full smile.  At 
the time I called it her "making love" smile, since it signified that 
she was ready for sex.

She gave me that smile, and led me to her bedroom.  First I orally 
serviced her delectable pussy, and then we had prolonged intercourse.  
It was heavenly being inside her.  When she gave me her making love 
smile again, I could not keep from going across the finish line.  I 
spurted profusely inside her.  After a few moments I withdrew and Gina 
guided my hand down to her womanhood.  I stimulated her aroused labia 
and clitoris, using our combined juices as lubricant, until she 
exploded in orgasm.

Her making love smile took several forms.  Her eyes were always 
gleaming and excited, sometimes wide and anticipating.  Her mouth 
always showed her excitement; lips pressed together in a partial 
smile, or puckered, or in a full sensuous smile.
 
Very soon after we got together, Gina introduced whipped cream into 
our bedroom play.  She squirted some all over her pussy and had me 
lick it off before she let me inside her.  When I was comfortable with 
that, she had me pull out frequently and orally service her pussy.  I 
would do that several times before I finally erupted inside her with a 
satisfying ejaculation.

Gina always made sure that I fingered her pussy after I spurted inside 
her.  The orgasms that she experienced then were intense.

She began to tease me over an extended period of time before making 
love.  She brought me just short of ejaculation several times before 
letting me in.  She explained that doing so increased the volume of my 
ejaculation and that she loved the thought of my pumping her full of 
cum. She said it drove her crazy with pleasure.  Her teasing and 
denial, of course, drove me half crazy and whetted my appetite for her 
all the more.  I also knew that during intercourse afterward, I 
invariably seeped inside her between the times that I frequently 
pulled out and kissed, licked, and sucked on her pussy.  I was so 
aroused, though, that it didn't matter to me.  Her ecstatic reaction 
to my doing that made me want to please her.

When Gina had me accustomed to pulling out several times during 
intercourse and giving her oral attention, she wanted me, after I 
spurted inside her and pulled out, to put my face close to her pussy 
while fingering her to climax.  With my face between her beautiful 
thighs, a few inches away from her steaming pussy, I worked on her 
with my hands.  Our combined juices oozed from her womanhood and 
streaked her pubic hair.  I was sure that her pussy lips pulsed with 
arousal.  Then, with a finger of one hand inside her, I used the thumb 
of my other hand to stimulate her slippery clitoris.  I saw, up close, 
her intense orgasm.  What a turn-on.

A few more whipped-cream games later, Gina snared me in her creampie 
trap.  After teasing my erection over an extended time, she had me, as 
usual, pull out several times and orally service her pussy.  Then, 
when I was inside her again, giving long slow thrusts, she gave me a 
seductive making-love smile, and, in a sexy, breathy voice, said, 
"Rick... Rick, I want you to do something special! After you cum 
inside me... put your mouth there and suck it.  Please, it would feel 
so good!  Will you?"

In my aroused haste, I readily agreed.  I looked at her wide excited 
eyes and felt the tender caress of her womanhood around my erection.  
A few more long thrusts, and I wildly spurted forth inside her.  All 
the teasing had resulted in a copious load from me.

I stayed inside her a few moments, and then she sexily whispered, "I'm 
ready now.  I'm ready!"

Her pussy made a slurping sound as I withdrew.  I got down between her 
legs and regarded her cum-streaked pussy.  I realized it wasn't my cum 
alone that oozed from her womanhood; it was the mixture of my cum and 
her aroused cream.

I got closer, and lightly licked her pussy.  She moaned.  I lapped 
some more, and she moaned louder.  When I had gotten all the cream on 
her outer pussy, I placed my lips against the portal of her womanhood 
and kissed fervently.

"OH, YES!" she exclaimed.  "Keep going!"

As I extracted more of the creamy mixture from her, she voiced 
open-mouthed moans.  I kept my mouth pressed to her pussy as she 
shamelessly climaxed.

"Keep going," she pleaded when her gasps of orgasm subsided.  I got 
more cream, and after a short while she climaxed again.

Since then, I have had many lovemaking sessions with Gina in which she 
has lured me inside her with what I now call her creampie smile.  That 
creampie smile is a sign that she is tingling between her legs from 
imagining my mouth paying fervent attention to her cum-filled pussy.


-----
This story is copyright 2004 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
