"Rossi. You got a few minutes?"

Dave looked over his shoulder at Derek, then turned back to his coffee. "Sure," he said, adding some creamer. "What's on your mind?"

"Maybe you don't want to talk about this in public," Derek said. Dave bit the inside of his cheek to keep from smirking.

"That serious? Okay then. You got enough coffee?"

"I'm good. Let's go to your office."

Dave's eyebrows went up, but he followed Derek to his office. When they got there, Dave shut the door, then walked around his desk to sit down. He set his mug on the desk, then leaned back.

"What's this about, Derek?" he asked.

Derek sat down too, setting his own mug on the desk so he could fold his arms across his chest. "This is about you, Rossi. It seems to me you're a little old for Jordan Todd."

Dave stared at him in genuine surprise for a moment, then he laughed. "You think so? Man, you really know how to hurt a guy's feelings, Derek. You think I've lost all my charm just because I have a few years on you?"

"Oh no, you're real charming, Rossi. You're too damn charming. Jordan's young enough to be your daughter, man. You shouldn't be leading her on."

Dave let his smirk escape. "What makes you think I'm leading her on?"

"You think I don't get you, Rossi? I get you. I know you do things just because people think you shouldn't."

"Then why the hell would you tell me I can't continue seeing Jordan Todd?" Dave asked. He thought it was a reasonable question.

Derek stood up, his chair going back so violently Dave was afraid it might fall over. "I don't know, maybe I was hoping you were a better man than that."

"Oh, I'm always the better man," Dave said, giving him an amused look that was calculated to piss him off. He wasn't really sure why he was pushing Derek like this, except that for whatever reason, it always seemed so easy for Dave to get a rise out of him. "But thanks for your advice, Derek."

Derek just stared at him, shaking his head, for a long moment. Then he turned and walked out of Dave's office, leaving his coffee behind.

***

Dave's cell phone rang as he was getting ready to step onto the jet. He gestured for Hotch to go ahead of him and walked a few steps away.

"Rossi."

"You want to tell me now why I'm letting Derek Morgan think you and I are an item?"

Dave smiled. "Jordan. I'm glad you called." He didn't miss the way Derek paused on his way up the stairs, then set his shoulders and headed on into the jet.

"Ah, he's there, isn't he?" Jordan said.

"Well, he was," Dave said, amused.

"Okay, seriously, Dave, you owe me an explanation." She sounded amused, but she also sounded like she wasn't going to take his bullshit any more.

"Honestly? I'm not sure," he admitted.

"What?!"

"Hear me out," he said. "And I'm gonna have to be quick, because we're about to fly to Detroit. But it was just the way he reacted to seeing us together in the lobby. He and I have been at loggerheads practically the whole time I've been back. Yeah, he's finally gotten used to having me on the team, but I think he still believes I'm interested in taking his place, and that's not it at all."

"What is it, then?"

Spencer stuck his head out the hatch of the jet. "Dave? We're just waiting on you."

"I gotta go, kiddo," Dave said, glad for the reprieve. "I'm holding everyone up. I'll give you a call if I have some downtime on the case."

"Or you could spit it out on your way up the stairs," she said, but she sounded resigned. "Just let me know when I can go back to being a lesbian, okay?"

He laughed and flipped his phone shut.