"Before I go, I need new tongue twisters."

"Pardon?"

Bertie felt his face growing warm. He'd done enough complaining about the few tongue twisters that Lionel had already instructed him to practice. Not that Bertie really minded, but he enjoyed sparring with Lionel. No one else talked to him with such an utter lack of formality, not even his own little girls.

"I must have some new phrases. My wife says that if she has to hear about the brigade of grand dragons one more time, she'll stuff a stocking between my teeth." Startled, Lionel laughed, and Bertie thought that she stuffed a stocking between my teeth might have its own merits.

"Try 'eleven benevolent elephants are irrelevant to seventy-seven celibate celebrants,'" Lionel said.

"Why would anyone be celebrating being celibate?"

"I've no idea. Perhaps that wouldn't be the best phrase to practice with your wife." Again Lionel laughed, looking at him speculatively, and the blush spread from Bertie's face down his neck, remembering the questions Elizabeth had joked that he should put to Dr Logue. "Would she prefer 'I wish to wash my Irish wrist watch'?"

"She'd prefer it to be a Swiss pocket watch." The W still caused Bertie trouble more than any letter besides the K, though rarely with Lionel any longer. "She's been very helpful with the diaphragm exercises. I don't want her to hide from me to avoid listening to my tongue twisters."

"You could do the diaphragm exercises with your girls, you know. They don't have to know the reason for them. Pretend it's a game, let them sit on your belly and you can be a dolphin or a giant tortoise."

Lionel was still studying him, and Bertie was afraid that if his face turned any more scarlet, he'd be required to undergo a full physical examination. Between himself and Elizabeth, Will you help me with my exercises? was, at this point, nearly synonymous with Will you make love with me? and the answer was nearly always identical. Two days earlier, she had announced that she was tired of sitting sidesaddle, so she spread her legs on either side of him, and they'd ended up --

"You aren't embarrassed about the exercises, are you? It's very important that you keep doing them."

"Not embarrassed." Bertie ran a hand over his face, trying to will the blush away. In fairness, Lionel would probably be entirely matter-of-fact about it if Bertie confessed that he had speech exercises and sex mixed up in his head. Lionel was very matter-of-fact about touching him, pretending not to notice if Bertie shivered or twitched, and he'd ignored it entirely that one time Bertie had wound up hard in his pants from Lionel standing so close behind him, pushing on his lower back to make him stand up straighter while singing his vowels. Lionel didn't waste energy on embarrassment -- it was one of the things Bertie admired about him. "All right, I am embarrassed, but it's because I accidentally said something rather obscene while I was trying to spit out the thick-stalked thistle line, and now I can't get it out of my head."

Lionel laughed delightedly. "Why, Bertie, I didn't know you had it in you. Can you still say it without stammering?"

"'She sifted seven thick-stalked thistles through a strong thick sieve.'"

"There, listen to how much your control has improved." Beaming with pride, Lionel nodded at him, and despite his embarrassment, Bertie felt his chest expand as it always did when Lionel was pleased with him. Working with Lionel made him feel better than anything he'd ever done before. He could never wait to get home and shut himself away with Elizabeth after a session.

Returning the smile, Bertie said, "Till tomorrow, then. Find me some less precarious tongue twisters, Doctor."