_Big thanks to Robyn for editing!_

I can't remember the first night we hooked up, I was definitely just horny and she was a friend of a friend. It had as much to do with convenience as it did any sort of attraction.
Samantha wasn't exactly my type. She had a little extra weight on her, which I didn't mind, most of it went to her ass - which, even as a boob guy, I had to admit was absolutely flawless.
She was loud and outspoken, she loved pop culture and trashy TV, if it weren't for the fact that she was a great person and I knew she had a crush on me, nothing would've happened.
When it did, it was amazing. That's why the relationship had lasted for months instead of one night. I had been on a health kick at the time, I was eating right, exercising regularly and, in an effort to keep my energy up, had abstained from jerking off throughout the week.
Anyway, when Samantha and I hooked up, it was a Friday night and I was clearly backed up. I took her home to my place and gave her the fucking of a lifetime. I'll never forget how loud I made her scream as I pounded away at her pussy. It was missionary, and after she came hard I climbed off her to catch my breath while giving her a chance to recover. I intended to go at least a few more rounds, whether she knew it or not.
"That was amazing." Samantha turned and rested her head on my chest. My cock was sticking straight up and throbbing. It had been about five days since my last orgasm and it was eager.
Samantha reached down to stroke it as she snuggled into me, sending a jolt of pleasure through my body as I wrapped an arm around her.
"That was my first time in awhile." She confessed. "I'm glad it was with you."
"Me too." I responded as she stroked me a little faster. "How long is 'awhile'?"
"Ummm..." Samantha hesitated. "Like two years."
My eyes popped open. "Two years? That... That's unbelievable to me."
"Me too." She chuckled. "But it happened."
After about a minute of us just laying there quietly, Samantha casually stroking my cock as we both caught our breath, it was her who decided to help herself to a taste.
She bent down without a word, taking me in her mouth and proceeding to give me the best blowjob I had ever received.
The next five minutes were a relentless attack on my cock, with Samantha's lips never breaking contact. She sucked hard as she bobbed up and down, starting slow and only with her mouth before gradually speeding up and getting her hand involved so she could jerk me at the same time.
I warned her when I was about to cum, but she didn't seem to care, she just kept bobbing and slurping until I filled her mouth, drinking it all down as she worked, and not stopping until I pulled her off me.
"Holy shit." I gasped when I was finally free.
I could feel Samantha smiling as she rested her head on my stomach. My cock glistening beneath her in a mix of her spit and both our juices.
We laid there for a few minutes before Samantha broke the silence. "He's still hard."
I nodded. "Yeah."
I felt her sort of poke at it, like she was curious, but afraid. "Is it always like that?"
I shook my head. "He likes you."
Samantha turned towards me and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, okay."
I laughed. "I'm serious... That was incredible... He likes you."
Samantha smiled.
"Come here." I summoned her up to kiss me. We began making out as I explored her body with my hands.
I ended up pulling her on top of me, getting into position with my cock now poking her between her legs, as if it was knocking at the door to be let in.
Samantha got the hint, and after a few more minutes of making out, she reached down to guide me back into her pussy.
She had dried out a little, but with cock still wet with her spit and a little extra work, it wasn't long until I was back in, with Samantha now in control.
My hands held her ass as she used me as she needed. Yet again, she was loud, though it made more sense to me if this was her first cock in two years. She had plenty of catching up to do and I was happy to help her do it.
It wasn't too long until Samantha experienced her second climax of the night. She dug her nails into my chest as I squeezed her fat ass while she screamed out in pleasure. The orgasm writhed through her body until she collapsed into me, kissing wherever she could and nuzzling her head into my neck like she was in heat.
"I love your cock." She told me.
I chuckled, she had me smiling from ear to ear as I turned to kiss her lips.
I let her recover for a few minutes, gently sliding my cock in and out of her now soaking wet pussy until she finally climbed off me. Without a word, she slithered her way down to take me in her mouth again, showing off her skills for the second time that night.
Yet again, she was flawless. Once her lips were wrapped around my shaft, they didn't let up. She massaged my balls as she warmed me up with just her mouth, bobbing and slurping my entire length. She gradually increased her speed and when she did get her hand involved, it was a nice tight grip as she worked my slick cock in and out of her mouth.
"Mmmmm! Mmmmm! Mmmmm!" She hummed along as she seemed completely mesmerized by my cock.
She was worshipping every inch until I finally couldn't hold back and had to warn her that I was going to blow.
Just like last time, Samantha didn't care. She just kept going, jerking and sucking as I filled her mouth and swallowing my cum as she continued to service me.
"Mmmmm! Mmmm! Mmmmm!" She hummed as she drank it all down, not stopping until I finally got too sensitive and pulled her off me.
Samantha had a look of pure satisfaction as she climbed back up my body, snuggling into me as I wrapped my arm around her while I caught my breath. Her head rested on my heaving chest, and she brought a hand to massage my well drained balls as she closed her eyes and we both drifted to sleep.
When we woke up, we were in the exact same position.
At some point in the night, I got hard again, and when Samantha came to it was the first thing she saw. Without hesitation, she bent down to take me back in her mouth, allowing me to wake up in the middle of yet another phenomenal blowjob.
I was already breathing heavy when I figured out what was going on. I barely moved, not wanting to disturb her as she gently suckled my cock. I slowly brought my hand to caress her back, gently alerting her that I was awake, but Samantha was unfazed, completely lost in sucking my dick.
My hand made its way up to the back of her head, caressing her long, dark hair and giving some guidance as it bobbed up and down my length.
It was her show, I was just happy to be here, but having my hand over her head, knowing I could push her down and shove my cock down her throat at any time gave me an arousing sense of dominance.
Not that it was necessary. With Samantha's incredible cocksucking skills, she had me cumming again in no time.
I let her know it was coming, just as a courtesy as I knew at this point she didn't care, and once again she swallowed it all down as I filled her mouth with another load.
This time I tried to hold out as long as I could, allowing her to continue sucking my cock even as it became way too sensitive. She just kept on going, as if the only way to stop her was by pulling her off.
She laid on my stomach again, taking a deep breath as she tried to relax into me. It didn't last though, she sat up and planted a little kiss on my cock before excusing herself to the bathroom.
I got up too. I realized that somehow I'd had three orgasms since the last time I even moved. My head was still a bit foggy, I grabbed a glass of water and did my best to replay everything in my brain. Samantha had literally blown me away, just thinking about her oral talents and how she swallowed three of my loads already kept me hard while I hydrated. By the time she came out of the bathroom, I was fully erect.
"Wow." She looked down at me cock before looking up at me. "You mind if I shower?"
"Not at all. You mind if I join you?"
Samantha smiled. "Fine, but no funny business."
That was short lived. I couldn't keep my hands off her as the water ran over us, rinsing away the night before.
Samantha resisted my advances as she cleaned herself off, but after a while she couldn't take it anymore. She turned around and began stroking off my wet cock as I leaned in and kissed her.
She moaned lightly into my ear as my lips worked their way down her neck and I knew I had my chance. My hand slid down between her legs, finding her clit and teasing her as she stroked my cock.
I thought I was in, but Samantha pulled away and gave me a playful smack. "I said no funny business."
She turned off the water and stepped out, wrapping herself in my robe and strutting her way to the bedroom.
I grabbed a towel and took my time before rejoining her. My cock was still fully hard and leading the way as I dried myself off. Samantha was standing over the bed, in front of a mirror as she brushed her hair.
I didn't say a word. I just walked up behind her, kissing her shoulder and rubbing her ass through the robe. Samantha smiled as I worshipped her, though stayed focused on brushing her hair.
It wasn't until I reached around to untie the robe that she really succumbed to my advances. She couldn't help but smile as she let out a small sigh and allowed me to undress her, leaving her completely naked in front of the mirror.
While Samantha wasn't fit, her body was by no means terrible. She had curves, and her ass was truly a work of art. The way it was shaped and how it sat, given its size, didn't make any sense. It was literally flawless.
My hands continued massaging it as I kissed her shoulders and down her back, my cock poking her as I reached around to cup her breasts. I estimated they were B cups, and they were nice, but nowhere near the quality of her ass, which was too perfect not to demand my attention.
"Okay okay." She finally gave in as I poked her harder and harder. She turned around to kiss me, wrapping her arms around her neck and pushing her naked body against mine. We kissed for a while, but this wasn't what I wanted, and I made that clear.
I guided her towards the bed and with a sudden move, turned her around. Samantha yelped as I bent her over, sticking her ass outward so I could line myself up.
She knew what was happening, and got on her toes like a good girl, allowing me easy access to her already wet pussy.
"Mmm!" She grunted as soon as I slid myself in. It only took a few thrusts until she had my entire cock. I held myself there as I made sure we were both in position before I began slowly sliding myself in and out.
"Oh yeah." I kept one hand on her hips and the other on her right butt cheek as I took a strong handful off her meaty ass. Samantha seemed to react to it, especially as I slowly began thrusting harder and harder.
She started off with just moaning, but the longer it went, not only did she get louder, but more encouraging as well.
"Oh yeah, baby! Fuck me! Fuck me, baby! Harder. Harder! Yeah! Yeah! Ohhhh! Yeah! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
I did exactly what she said, and in a matter of minutes had her screaming out again as she announced another orgasm to the world.
"Ohhhhh! Ohhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumminnnnnng!!!!"
I slammed my cock deep inside her as she came, pulling her in and holding her tightly until she pulled away and collapsed on the bed. My cock was throbbing as it slid out of her, soaking wet and red, ready for more as soon as she was.
I took a stroll back to the kitchen as I caught my breath and Samantha recovered. I got another glass of water and drank it as I walked back. Samantha had turned herself over and gave me a skeptical look as I made my way back to her, cock first and hungry for more.
"Come to the edge of the bed." I directed her sternly.
She couldn't help but smile as she went to flip over onto her stomach.
"On your back." I corrected.
The smile was off her face, but Samantha did as she was told, laying down on her back, her neck resting on the edge of the bed as her head hung down and her mouth hung open for easy access.
I stepped forward to feed her my cock, which she willingly accepted as I slid myself deeper inside her. I watched as my full length not only filled her mouth, but literally seemed to expand her throat into a noticeable bulge down her neck.
Samantha took it like a champ, and had no hesitation as I pulled myself in and out of her wet mouth.
"Ohh fuck." I sighed as I gently fucked her throat. The feeling was incredible, and there was nothing hotter than how obediently she followed my instructions.
The power was a hell of a rush, but as soon as I suspected any discomfort on Samantha's part, I pulled away.
"Turn over." I let out a deep breath as she turned herself back to her stomach.
Samantha looked up at me with her big, brown eyes, as if awaiting further instruction.
"This time I want you to show me my cum before you swallow it down. Every drop. Got it?"
Samantha's eyes sparkled as she nodded up at me, patiently waiting to be fed.
I pushed my cock forward into her mouth, I took another deep breath as I looked forward, allowing Samantha to run the show. I trusted her oral talents would have me cumming in no time, and was curious if my new instructions would help her stop before it got too sensitive.
"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!"
When I looked back down, Samantha was in heaven. Dutifully servicing me and completely lost in sucking cock. She truly seemed as happy as could be while she worked my cock in and out of her mouth.
"Good girl." I cooed as I brought my hand to strike her hair. "Suck that cock."
"Mhm!" She happily replied as she suckled my tip, bringing her hand up to cradle my balls as I began lightly rocking myself in and out of her mouth.
"Ohhhh yeah." I moaned. "You love that cock don't you?"
"Mhmmmmmmm!"
Samantha's eyes popped open, looking up at me as she gave my balls a gentle squeeze.
"Yeah you do." I closed my eyes as she slid her hand up to begin simultaneously jerking me off. "You love that cock." I whispered.
With Samantha now using both her hand and her mouth, it was only a matter of time before she coaxed out another load.
I continued moaning and caressing her head as she bobbed and sucked and slurped and jerked, all while happily humming along until I finally told her those four magic words.
"I'm going to cum." I panted just seconds before I began filling her mouth.
"Mmmmmmm! Mmmmm!" Samantha moaned in my dick as I gave her another load, this time she did what I said and didn't swallow until she was completely full.
It wasn't my biggest, since it was my fourth in about 8 hours, but it was a good amount, and when Samantha was sure she had it all out, she dutifully opened her mouth to show me her reward.
"Good girl." I smiled down at her as I swayed above her. My legs were like jelly.
Samantha stared deep into my eyes as she closed her mouth and drank it all down with an exaggerated gulp.
"Good girl." I told her again. She smiled back up at me, absolutely beaming with pride.
"Come lie down." She must've noticed me swaying. We climbed back into bed and Samantha snuggled into me, rubbing my chest as we just laid there and talked.
Unfortunately Samantha had to leave shortly after that, but before she went she did duck down to take me in her mouth again.
Knowing she had to leave, she didn't waste any time, using all her best moves to make me cum again in no more than five minutes.
She made sure to show it to me again before swallowing it all down like a good girl, then kissed me goodbye as she got up to get dressed.
We made plans to see each other the next weekend, this time from Friday night through Sunday, and I couldn't wait to see how many times I could cum in her mouth over two full days.