Bella's point of view, Edward dominant:

~~o0o~~

Really it should have been Edward's turn to choose the next scene for us to play out, but he said it was my treat after letting him indulge his blue leather fantasies.

I took my time considering different options, but in the end it was a late night horror movie festival screening on television that triggered an old, eroded memory from my human days.

The movie brought back the early days at Forks High when I was trying to figure Edward out, knowing he was different, wondering fruitlessly about spider bites and kryptonite until Jake inadvertently clued me in by explaining the Quileute legends.

Vampire. Dracula. The nightmare that first night of Edward bending over my neck, his fangs dripping with blood as I swooned beneath him. I shivered again to think of Edward as Dracula, his face transposed on that of the old silent movie star as he glared up at the camera across my prostrate form on the divan.

Yeah, that would work, if I wrote him a script of sorts - instructions, anyway. It was corny as hell but he'd do it for me - he was hopeless at refusing me anything I really wanted. And we'd have no trouble remembering the details with our heightened memories.

I went to my writing desk and started planning. Next weekend would be a good time - we'd have the house to ourselves again for two days. We'd need costumes, but I had links with a theatrical costumier in Seattle who could courier what we needed to Port Angeles for collection. I toyed with the idea of fake blood but decided against it - too messy. It was going to be hard enough selling this one to Edward without lashings of ketchup everywhere.

~~o0o~~

"You want what?" Edward, as expected, was not best pleased.

"Don't be so uptight Edward, it'll be fun once we get into it, and it was my earliest fantasy about you. I know it's all utter nonsense and not at all what vampires are really like, but think of it as a tribute to Bram Stoker's literary classic. Admittedly a B-movie literary classic, but even so…"

"I'm not wearing bloody plastic fangs." He crossed his arms, sulking.

"No fangs sweets, I promise, no fangs."

I flashed to his side, stroking his jaw which was a little tense. "Not when you've got your own razor-sharp choppers already."

I pressed kisses to his chin and the corner of his mouth, wheedling and placating, snuggling up to him on the couch and running my hand down his chest. His breathing calmed and he turned his mouth towards me as I slid a hand into his hair and kissed him softly, biting his lower lip gently then sliding my tongue between his lips as he pulled me into his lap.

He was coming around nicely.

"And no fucking coffins either," he muttered.

~~o0o~~

Even though it would be a waste of food, I decided that we should start with a formal dinner to set the scene. I'd prepared the dining room, stripping it of anachronistic items and laying it out with a white damask cloth, bowl of roses and period china and glassware. Luckily Edward collected antiques so there was plenty to choose from. All the electric lights were off, every room lit only by dripping candelabra, making the shadows dance.

I had put on a Victorian gown from circa 1890, in deep blue watered satin with a low décolletage edged with cream lace, short ruffled sleeves, and a bustle. I also had a small gold crucifix on a chain around my neck, and elbow-length, fingerless cream lace gloves. My hair was curled and pinned up in an elaborate style that I hoped fitted the period, and I had make-up on for a change, rouge and pink lipstick making me look like a blushing English rose.

I made a grand entrance down the stairs, having practised walking with the long skirts and bustle earlier in the afternoon. Edward was waiting at the foot of the curved staircase and my breath caught when I saw him. He was tall in a black tailcoat from the late 19th century with a high-collared shirt, silk tie and dark green brocade waistcoat. His unruly bronze hair was somewhat tamed, but still slightly wild for the period - I hadn't wanted him to slick it down with pomade as would have been common at that time. He was of course suitably pale, to be playing Count Dracula.

Edward had stopped breathing too for a time, and his eyes were wide and dark as I made my way down and joined him in the hall.

"Miss Bella. A vision of lovelinesss." He bent over my gloved hand, kissing it. God, he was doing a Béla Lugosi accent too, hissing sibilantly against my skin.

"You are too kind, Count. Thank you for your hospitality, the castle is very…atmospheric."

"Please, come this way." He ushered me into the dining room and seated me, bending over behind me and speaking softly into my hair. "I have given the servants the night off, but I will…tend to you myself."

If I were still capable, I would have blushed. I lowered my face, feigning shyness. "Thank you. I am sure that I will be very…well looked after."

He poured white wine and served us oysters au naturel as an appetizer from platters on the sideboard. We toyed with our food, play-acting eating - there was no way we were actually going to swallow them. Food was nasty enough to regurgitate, let alone raw oysters. Oh well, restaurants wasted more than this every day. The appetizer was followed by beef stroganoff and a salad, but again we just moved it around our plates while we pretended to sip from our wine glasses.

During the sham meal we conversed politely, following the overall script I had written. I was a young woman on the Grand Tour with her best friend Mina and Mina's family, but we had been caught in a snowstorm in the wilds of Transylvania and become separated when our sleigh overturned. I had wandered in the dark woods, alone, until the Count's huntsmen found me and brought me to Castle Dracula. The Count had offered me hospitality while his servants rode to the nearby towns to locate my party, so as to reunite us. Or so he had assured me.

Edward had memorized the script and was in role as the Count. "And how are you finding Transylvania, Miss Bella?" His eyes were dark on mine, hypnotic in their intensity.

I did my best to act naive and a little breathless. "My introduction has been somewhat unfortunate I fear. It seems a cold land of snow, bleak forests and fearful creatures. I heard wolves howling as I wandered and was very much afraid. How do you bear being cooped up here?"

" 'Cooped up' ?" His lips twisted in cold amusement - nice acting there Edward, very realistic. "This is my ancestral home. My family traces its lineage back many centuries. Where else should I wish to be?"

I made myself breathe heavily, feigning being flustered. "My apologies, I fear I spoke out of turn. It is just…the talk in the last inn we stayed at. It frightened me…" I widened my eyes pathetically.

"Talk? What talk?" Edward, aka the Count, was getting very distracted by my heaving bosom. His eyes kept straying south.

I cranked up the drama, leaning forward so that more cleavage showed and clutching histrionically at his arm. "The innkeeper's wife said…well, she talked of dark creatures in the woods. She called them wampyres - vampires -and said they were evil undead beings who drank blood. She mentioned werewolves as well…" I peered up at his pale, frowning face, pretending to be breathless with the horror of it.

He addressed my breasts, his tongue sliding out to lick his lower lip stealthily. "And you believed such nonsense?"

With an effort he wrenched his gaze from my décolletage and fixed his eyes on mine, unblinking. His eyes were dark and intense, and I found myself sliding yet again into being dazzled. Like my character in the gothic horror we were enacting, I could not look away.

I remembered to breathe again. "Well, no, I…it seems far-fetched now, here, but when I was in the forest and I heard the howling…"

"You thought a werewolf was nearby? Such things are but legends Bella, fanciful gossip by ignorant peasants. Next you will be believing that I am a vampire." He managed not to smirk at that line, maintaining his hypnotic stare and throwing in a cold laugh for good measure.

My character, stubborn girl that she was, pressed on despite having been made to feel something of a credulous fool. "The innkeeper's wife showed me ropes of garlic hung about the hostelry. She said it kept wampyres, I mean vampires, away."

He snorted, acting the arrogant aristocrat to perfection. "Really, such idiocy. And what else is a charm against these monsters, pray tell?"

"Holy water. Oh, and the crucifix." I touched my neck, then reached back and unclasped the gold chain and held the small gold cross out towards him. I had not planned this detail out in the script, but had decided when dressing myself to wear the crucifix to see if he would stay in role and react like the real Dracula. "See, if you were a vampire you would not be able to touch this."

Edward rose to the challenge beautifully. He drew back, nostrils flaring, his eyes dark. "Stop this nonsense, it is utter superstition." Carefully distancing himself from the cross, he stood abruptly and fetched a plate of cheese and grapes from the sideboard.

I re-clasped my chain, lowering my eyes and acting abashed. "Please excuse me, I am a foolish girl sometimes. I meant no offence…" I pretended to sip more wine, imagining it going to my head and making me dizzy.

Edward-as-Dracula put his hand on mine reassuringly. His thumb stroked small circles on the back of my fingers and I felt a frisson of pleasure from his touch, my breathing quickening. I looked up involuntarily and his hot gaze captured me again. His eyes were so large and dark, I almost felt that I was falling into them.

My Victorian character would have been aware of staring impolitely. I tried to look down but he was so lovely, his face pale and intense and his touch hypnotic. I was unable to break away as he stared back at me. Time seemed to slow around us.

Almost as mesmerized as my character, I realised he was speaking, something about my looking tired and needing to rest. He took my elbow and raised me up, escorting me back to the stairs. Edward kissed my hand in a lingering fashion and bade me goodnight. Doubtless he was impatient to move the scene along to the fun part, although I wouldn't have minded staring at his beautiful face for a while longer.

I walked slowly back to my room, acting my part as a dazed, mildly intoxicated young woman already caught up in Dracula's wiles. I had set nightclothes out on our four-poster bed, the story being that all the clothes I wore the Count had provided, as my luggage had been lost with my party.

The bedroom was filled with flickering shadows from two many-branched candelabra and a fire burning in the hearth. I had left the French doors to the balcony unlocked, the drapes drawn back. I suspected that "the Count" would not be able to resist a spot of voyeurism, after scaling the side of the house.

Playing to the gallery, I undid the irritating Victorian buttons and hooks slowly, peeling off the bodice of the dress and then the skirt and bustle. It was quite a task and I could see why they had had maids to help them disrobe. Still, all the more tantalizing for my watcher in the shadows. I stood there in my petticoats and corset and stretched voluptuously. He would be trying not to breathe but I was sure I caught a soft moan from the darkness of the balcony.

I unlaced the front of the corset in a seductive manner then slipped off my petticoat, clad now only in silk drawers and thigh-high stockings, my breasts bare. Yes, a definite faint whimper from behind the French doors.

I turned in a slow circle, displaying myself to him as I unpinned my hairdo, shaking the long curls out loose across my shoulders as I let my head fall back.

Sitting on the bed, facing the windows, I slid the garters down my legs. I left the drawers and stockings on and slipped the low-cut, lacy white nightdress over the top.

Pretending to be too overcome by wine and his hypnotic powers to remain awake, I let myself fall back onto the pillows and closed my eyes, my legs sprawled on the covers. Slowing my breathing, I waited.

~~o0o~~

I felt the bed bounce gently as he joined me. Fluttering my eyelids open I played out the role of a gently bred young lady surfacing gradually from sleep, disoriented, to find Count Dracula on the bed bending over her. My character would have known that this was wrong, that a gentleman should not be in a lady's bedroom, but I pretended to be half-entranced already, acting as though I were watching myself from afar with his words drifting to me as though from a distance.

"Yes Bella, all is well, come now, sit up and look at me."

I pushed myself up onto my elbows, his face before me. Those eyes again, so dark, trapping my gaze. I could not look away - I did not want to - almost as dazzled as my young counterpart would have been, transfixed by Dracula.

"You want to do what I say, don't you my love?"

"Yes." I sank into the role, loving the feeling of passivity, of helplessness. It made my voice soft and slightly slurred.

"You are in my power Bella, completely under my control are you not?"

"Yes." I whispered again, lost in his eyes. Beautiful eyes in his lovely face, they were all I could see. Victorian Bella would have known somewhere deep inside that this was wrong and improper, that he should not be here on the bed, that she should not be saying these things. But she was already entranced, her reason melting in that hot dark gaze.

"You have not made yourself fully ready for bed Bella. Take off your jewelry." He indicated the cross around my neck, ad libbing like a pro to trick me into removing my last protection.

I could not unclasp it lying back on my elbows. He reached forward and took me about the waist, drawing me up so that I was sitting. His hands stayed there, holding me. The sheltered nineteenth century woman-child I was playing would have been shocked by his touch were she not in his power…but his eyes were intense and he was murmuring reassurances and he smelled so sweet. I writhed a little in his hands, reaching back to undo the necklace and - shamming innocence - offering him the small scrap of vampire kryptonite.

He leaned back, grimacing, fully in role. "No Bella, throw it onto that chair there, off to the side."

Acting mildly puzzled, I did so. His nostrils flared immediately and he looked triumphant for a moment, then he laid me back against the pillows, lying beside me and stroking my face. The last barrier was gone, he could take me now.

"That's my good Bella, my lovely girl. Now you are fully mine." He leaned in, eyes wide, and brushed his lips across my own. Ohhh, I wanted him to kiss me so much, the slightest touch was like fire.

"Mine," he whispered again against my mouth, then he took my lips in a heated kiss, pressing my mouth open.

I imagined experiencing this as if I had never been properly kissed before. In the script I had had no fiancé and my few prior suitors had only dared chaste kisses to my cheek. I would have known that what he was doing to me was wrong but I was by now fully snared in his power and past caring.

Acting or no, I wanted him. My lips were on fire and the heat was building between my legs, making me shift and writhe a little as he deepened the kiss and slid - oh Jesus - his tongue into my mouth, caressing me, opening me, entering me as he pressed me back across the pillows and devoured my mouth.

I arched up against him, gasping, and he gave a low growl. His mouth fell to my neck and his arms wound around me. His body was on me now, pressing me to the bed, one leg between my thighs, pushing them apart. His erection pressed against my center where the heat pulsed and he rubbed himself against me there, sending waves of pleasure through me as I moaned in his embrace.

His mouth was at my neck, sucking and kissing me fiercely as he moved against me. Then I felt him drag his lips away and heard a muttered "No, not yet…"

His hand ran down my hip and trailed across my thigh, pulling up the fine cotton lawn and lace. I gasped to feel his fingers on my stockinged leg as he drew up the nightdress.

"Not fully ready for bed indeed, Bella. These stockings need to come off."

Oh good, that was why I had left them on, after all.

I lay there, dazed and powerless in his arms as he pressed kisses to my throat and pulled down the silk hose. As he removed them his hands trailed across my skin, then back up my bare legs, caressing me, sliding up under my nightdress and across my thighs. He brushed the silken drawers covering my groin and I shuddered with pleasure as intense sensation pulsed through my belly. Staying in role however, I pretended to turn away from him in shame in response to my lascivious writhing, burning with need though I was.

"Don't turn away Bella. This is what you want my love. This is what you need." His hand stroked insistently between my legs and my bones melted.

"Oh yes, oh please…" I whimpered.

"Open your legs for me Bella. Open them now." He was commanding, staring at me again, his eyes pitch black, the pupils blown.

My legs fell open. I was his creature, with no will of my own. I was his slave. I gazed into his hypnotic eyes, my mouth open, legs open, helpless beneath him. God it was exciting to give myself over to him completely, to give him complete control.

"So responsive, so wanton…" he whispered, slipping his fingers inside the loose legs of my silk underwear and up to where the soft hair curled on my mound. It was fiercely intimate and I was exquisitely sensitive. I cried out and bucked into his hand, overwhelmed by pleasure as he caressed me and pushed his fingers inside where it was slippery and felt so fucking good. I thrashed and moaned, burning and sobbing and he closed his eyes and groaned obscenities against my throat.

"Fuck yes Bella, so wet, so hot, your cunt…feel me inside you? Do you? Do you like that Bella, do you want me to touch you…there?"

Panting, writhing, utterly abandoned under his hands and his mouth. "Yes yes yes please touch me there, touch me there…oh please…oh please."

And the pleasure crested in a great hot wave, flooding out from his hand and making me spasm and scream, my body arching up off the bed as his mouth closed on my neck again.

~~o0o~~

I lay on the bed, drained and dazed, as he stood and tore at his clothes, ripping off the formal waistcoat, shirt and tie, buttons flying, then the dark elegant trousers and black silk boxers.

He turned back towards me and I saw his engorged member standing out hard from his groin. I stared, mouth open as he crawled back across the bed.

In the script I had written, my character had no education about what went on between married men and women, but half her childhood had been spent on a country estate and she had seen dogs and horses rutting. She would have some idea what he meant to do and I let a thrill of fear run through me, imagining her thinking how large he was and wondering fearfully whether he would fit.

He knelt across my thighs and leaned forward, undoing the ribbons lacing up the front of my negligee then losing patience and wrenching the lace apart brutally, baring me to the waist. I stared into his eyes as he pushed the nightdress up around my waist and hooked a finger in my silk drawers, tearing them away. My breathing was fast now and there was a crawling excitement between my legs.

His eyes were locked onto mine, hooded and hot as he leaned forward and took my breast into his mouth, fluttering his tongue against my nipple then biting me until I gasped, his eyes closing, mouth wet and warm as he moved between my breasts, sucking greedily. I found I was reawakening, the sensations from his hot mouth fuelling the pressure in my groin once again and making me moan.

He knelt back up and tore my nightdress fully open, pushing it back from my body as he slid against me, capturing my mouth again in a fevered kiss, his skin warm on mine as he moved on me, rubbing his hardness against my belly and pressing it in between my legs. His hand grasped my thigh, pulling my leg up and hitching it around his hip. Then his hand fell between my legs again, dipping into me, twisting and pressing up where I was so wet and aching, making me thrust my hips against his long fingers as they slid inside me.

I wanted to scream, to thrash, but he pinned me with his left hand on my wrist, his mouth clamped to my neck and his body across me, heavy and demanding as he positioned himself between my thighs and gripped my buttocks, thrusting up and grunting as he slid home into my hot center.

He reared back then and took both my wrists, holding my arms out sideways so that I was spread-eagled on the bed as his hips thrust, his mouth open and his dilated eyes fixed on mine. I felt his hard member slide in to fill me utterly, then withdraw slowly, then ram back in again. My body shook under him, pleasure pulsing through me until my eyes rolled back, my whole body arching under his relentless thrusts.

His head dropped to my throat again and he whispered, hot beneath my ear, "Take you, drink you, make you mine, mine forever, all your sweet blood…all mine…"

God how I wanted him to take me. I arched my neck to the side, offering myself to him in desperation and his teeth were on my throat, biting me, gripping and controlling me as he pinned me to the bed and took me, pumping himself up into me in a heated rush as I fell into pleasure and drowned, shuddering as I imagined him opening my jugular and draining me.

~~o0o~~

He collapsed onto me, spent, and we lay there for a long time, cradled in each other.

Then he stirred and licked my neck where he'd bitten me. I'd have shallow marks there but they'd disappear in a few weeks. Definitely worth it even if I had to wear scarves for a while.

I stroked his back, running my fingers lazily over his ass and up his side, making him shiver. Edward moved in me then and I felt him getting harder again, his cock swelling. I lifted my hips, pressing up and drawing him in to let him know I wanted him again.

I traced soft circles on his flanks then slipped my fingers between his buttocks, caressing the pucker of his anus, teasing him until he groaned and pushed harder into me, raising himself on one elbow and gripping my hip so as to thrust more strongly. His head hung down, his tousled hair brushing my breasts as he grunted softly.

Our roles as Dracula and his creature had slipped away as we sank into each other's bodies and lost ourselves in the familiar passion. The intensity lingered however and I sensed he was still far more dominant than usual as I moved helplessly beneath him.

I moaned and spread my legs wide apart, excited, and he raised his head and stared at me panting, eyes wide and glazed, then leaned into a kiss again, forcing my mouth open, sucking my tongue into his mouth in time with his thrusting hips and flicking it with his tongue as though it were my clit.

That thought undid me and I groaned into his mouth, clinging and writhing against him.

Edward pulled back, making me gasp in protest. So cold and empty without him, so wanting. He rolled me swiftly onto my front, pushing me up onto my knees and spreading my legs.

He pushed my torso down onto the bed muttering raggedly, "Fuck yes…take you from behind…take you any way I want…"

I whimpered, pushing my ass at him. Please take me, please, just fuck me hard…oh please…

He pulled my hips back against him, entering me roughly, slamming himself into me hard and pulling back almost all the way, then another long shuddering thrust. His balls slapped against me and his cock rubbed on me deep inside in a way that melted my legs and dragged hoarse moans from my throat. His thrusts increased in tempo and I was nothing but cunt, nothing but aching want, incoherent as he fucked me, his hands once again pinning mine to the bed, his teeth now clamped to the nape of my neck, holding me trembling with pleasure under his pounding thrusts.

I came convulsively, screaming into the pillows, and he followed me, grunting and shuddering, his legs shaking as he hammered himself erratically into me, crying out into my neck.

~~o0o~~

He crawled off and fell to one side, gasping. I chivvied him in under the covers then curled around him and he came into my arms, stroking my neck and nuzzling where he'd bitten me.

"Sorry, I got carried away with the biting. Are you alright? It doesn't hurt too much?"

"I'm fine, Edward, I'm OK. Actually I liked it." I grinned at him. "It took me back to when I was human. I kind of wanted you to bite me then, even though it scared me. But it was hot, that you came so close sometimes."

"Yes, it's exciting to bite you now, when I can't do much harm. I could never let go then, never give free rein and it was all mixed up - the thirst and the lust - confusing me." He grinned back, kissing me softly. "Now it's just lust, so much simpler."

"So you liked being Dracula? Not too ridiculous?"

"No, it was remarkably easy to slip into the role. You were so into it, you drew me in."

He kissed me again and moved against me, languorous in my arms. "Sorry I lost it and ripped up the costumes."

"We'll buy them replacements, not to worry."

"You're hot in a bustle…" he murmured softly, head pillowed in the crook of my neck, his hair tickling my cheek. "Have to get you to wear one more often."

"Yeah right, that'll be practical when we're hunting."

I kissed his forehead, smiling. Men.

~~o0o~~