			Kirstin Tamms looked around her class. She saw the knowing smile on Theo's face as he put the pen down. His face said one thing; Owned, bitch. She knew he wouldn't have done the test. He would have copied out what she gave him and put it between the papers he would hand her. She knew what he would have written. How he and the others had used her... How she had been released from the straps only to be flipped over and fucked some more, this time so she could see the dominant look of truimph in their faces as they each inside her, filling her womb with fresh, potent sperm. She saw the real Michael that weekend. Not the gentle Michael who had asked and went slowly and whispered sweet nothings and used a condom. She saw the Michael who did what he wanted to her and went hard and fast and told her was a fucking white whore and refused to use a condom.
			He told her he was there when her ankles were tied to that table and gang-fucked. He even took a turn. "23 guys, slut." he told her. "And every one of us niggers came inside you. You ain't pregnant now you'll never be!" She remembered he came inside her after he said that and saw the triumphant look on his face as he made sure every drop of black seed was pumped into her womb. "Course, you on the pill, ain't you?" he asked her. "Just like a white slut to be careful."
			After he had finished she had slept and was only wakened when she heard the thump of something hitting the floor next to the bed. Opening her eyes she saw the trainer against the wall. "Wakey, wakey, Cunt!" she heard and rolled onto her back to see Theo peeling off his t-shirt. "You know my bros, right?" he said and she blinked as the two black male students walked in. Robert and Kelvin were also on the football team with Theo and Michael. She pulled the sheets up around her but Kelvin yanked then back and tossed them onto the floor. "Real nice titties," he said.
			"And they're real." Michael said walking in naked. "Nothing fake about Miss Tamms."
			"Real grade-A white slut." Theo smiled.
			"Shiiiiiiiiiiit," Robert said. "What the fuck we waiting for then!"
			Kirstin saw the two new black bulls start stripping as they came towards her.
			They used her....
			God how they used her... Her pussy and ass was sore from the fucking those black boys gave her. She would have screamed the building down when she felt Kelvin's huge, black cock pushing against her asshole while Robert's was filling her pussy. She remembered saying it was too much and how they responded. A pair of her own panties was pushed into her mouth before the gag was finished off when one of her belt was was pulled tight around her mouth and head and tied off. Kelvin put his mouth to her ear. "That's what all you sluts say." he whispered and she heard the grin in his voice. "But it's incredible how much a white cunt can handle."
			Kirstin screamed as she felt the thick head of the cock force open her tight asshole. Robert had made sure his shaft was in as deep as he could get it. "Give it to her, man!" she heard Michael say and look over shoulder to see him holding the video camera. "Nail the whore!" he grinned. Kirstin's pussy felt like it was being torn in two as Kelvin made short, sharp thrusts to open her up some more. Tears were running down her cheeks as she felt them start to fuck her. Both huge, black cocks powering into her without a care. Bastards, she thought. Bastards! Fucking bastards! Fucking black nigger bastards! She collapsed onto Robert's muscular chest as the pain slowly became pleasure. 
			They emptied their black balls into her. All of them. After Kelvin and Robert, Theo had another turn on her then Michael again. They used her. They ate her food and finished off her beer during rest breaks before the fucking started again. If she need the toilet she did it in front of them, sitting on the bowl and pissing. It gave Theo an idea. "Watch this." he smiled and turned around, pointing has ass towards her. "Eat it, bitch." he told her. Kirstin crawled towards him, got up on her knees and ate his black ass. The rest of them cheered. For the rest of the weekend they used her like that. She was white fuckmeat. They didn't talk to Kirstin, but at her. "Here, bitch... Suck it, whore... You can handle more that that!... Me next in yo' ass!" Sometimes one or two would leave but there would always be a least one staying with her. using her. Treating her like shit...
			Kirstin looked away from Theo as he looked back at her smugly. They treated her like shit. And she liked it. That was two weeks ago. He and Michael and the others had turned her into a sex slave. A submissive, white slave to black cock. She would degrade herself for them. She was owned by them. Theo had cut them all keys so they could walk into her place whenever they wanted. Kirstin knew her place. She served them both sexually and domestically. She made sure her fridge was full and would serve up cold beers to whoever was there. In the past week she found herself looking at more young, black studs being brought to her place. All of them on the football team. She was being passed around. Michael or Theo or Kelvin or Robert would bring them and Kirstin would do what she was told to. "Team morale," Theo had told her once when he brought two other team mates with him. "'Sides, their girlfriends refuse to let them fuck `em up the ass. I know you ain't got that problem." She would be busy sucking off their black cocks as they passed around the latest set of pictures of her being fucked. As she looked around the class Kirstin knew she was fuckmeat, plain and simple. 
			Her eyes stopped on Cindy, a pretty young brunette in the second row. She had small tits and long legs. And was already broken in by Robert. She knew this by listening to them talk. Cindy was on the cheerleading squad and it turned out every white girl on it had to pass certain `tests'. The boys had laughed about the `cum-shake' test whatever that was. She knew they talked about the `rule' that said the girls had to fuck the team if the team won. She heard them talking about other girls who weren't cheerleaders and what they did to them. Cindy was the current favourite. It seems there was nothing she wouldn't do; oral, anal, lesbian, gangbang... It seems Cindy was as big a slut as Kirstin was. The boys were impressed by the lesbian displays Cindy and another white girl called Anna could put on. As Kirstin's eyes moved over the class, she wondered how many of the girls were like her and Cindy. Was Amy? Sweet, blonde and so innocent looking. Kirstin could imagine her on her knees, sucking of a big, black cock.... Diana? A posh name, but was the redhead taking it up the ass from a black stud? How about Amelia? Or Vanessa? Or Caroline...?
			Every white girl in her class could be whoring themselves out to black cock... Spreading those soft, white thighs... Opening their tender pussy lips... Giving themselves to the superior black r--
			"Home time, miss!"
			Kirstin jumped and looked at the class. She looked at the clock and saw it was past the time when they should be gone. "Who you dreaming of, miss?" Amelia teased.
			"Shut up. Get out of here." Kirstin told her, feeling her cheek go hot. She was blushing. The class filed out and she looked at the pile of papers in front of her. Kirstin thumbed through them and found Theo's. She put the proper aside and found the sheet that was his own work. `The bitch was waiting for us and got into the car...'
			Kirstin looked up. Car? There was no car. She read further. The `bitch' was taken to the south side where she was `bred' by twenty black men... Kirstin knew it wasn't her. So it had to be someone else. Maybe Cindy. Taken and given to twenty black studs for their use... All those black cocks... Fucking her... Filling her... Kisrtin felt so horny. She quietly pushed a hand down the front of her skirt and stroked her pussy through her panties as she thought that lucky little slut...
			"You jus' cost me ten bucks,"
			Kirstin was startled by the female voice and yanked her heand from her crotch and saw Adela Watson standing in the door. "I..." she said and couldn't think of anything. Cost? Ten bucks? "What?" she said.
			"Well, babe?" Theo asked and walked in after Adela.
			"Bitch had her hand down her skirt." Adela said and held out a ten dollar bill. 
			"Aah," Theo sighed and took the money. "So sweet."
			"What?" Kirstin said again, confused.
			"You owe me ten bucks, bitch." Adela told her.
			"How..." Kirstin blinked.
			"Typical white cunt. Dumb as shit." the black girl smiled and walked towards her. 
			"You can't--"
			"I can do what I want," Adela told her. "Cunt!"
			Kirstin sank down in her seat. She looked to Theo.
			"Bitch still don't get it." the girl said, sitting on the desk.
			Kirstin definitely didn't `get' it. Was she expected to service the black girls as well? In all her life Kirstin had never felt inclined to women. Not even to experiment with lesbianism. Was she to... "I don't understand." she admitted.
			"Yup." Adela nodded. "Dumb."
			"Wait. I think I understand." Theo said. "She thinks she'll have to eat your pussy."
			"Fuck that!" Adela said, looking at Kirstin. "I ain't no fucking dyke. That's a white thing! You want pussy, you get Cindy, bitch! She's in your fucking class, anyway!"
			"I watch that," Theo nodded, grinning.
			"You an every other nigger." the girl told him. "You know, T. You niggers're just like this white bitch. Always thinking with what's `tween your legs."
			"You ain't complaining." Theo said and Adela gave him the finger. Kirstin started to understand. Adela Watson was dating Theo. That was known around the school. The star of the football field always gets the head cheerleader.
			"What do you want?" Kirstin asked politely.
			"A ride." Adela told her.
			Kirstin looked at Theo. "Mine's getting fixed. You got wheels."
			"And I know you owned, bitch." Adela added. "So we get a ride."
			
	
	
			Theo sat in the back seat as Adela took the passenger side. Kirstin drove. She was aware of Adela's eyes on her. "Where am I going?" she asked.
			Adela gave her some directions. They were leading her to the south side.
			 "Bit far, isn't it?" Kirstin said.
			 "Picking something up first." Theo said from the back.
			"The south side?" Kirstin asked.
			"I think you know. You ain't that dumb." Adela said.
			"Who was it?" Kirstin asked. "In those papers."
			Adela smiled. "You don't think with your pussy all the time then."
			"Who was it?" Kirstin asked again.
			Theo leaned forward. "Who wasn't in class?"
			Kirstin thought back, mentally ticking them off. She came to one empty desk. "Tanya?" she said.
			"Congratulations!" Adela clapped.
			Tanya. Black hair. She always looked so innocent.... "But she..."
			"Unfortunately," Adela nodded to the back seat, "they lost the last game."
			"Bullshit, it was a fuckin' technicality!" Theo retorted. 
			"So we got to send one of ours to them for a couple of days."
			"Days!" Kirstin said. A coupe of days with twenty well-hung, powerful bulls would be so.... 
			"Still a technicality." he muttered
			She couldn't the thought out of her head. "Twenty guys...!"
			"Took her there on Friday." Theo said.
			Kirstin shook her head. Twenty guys! "She'll be--" 
			"Fucked!" Adela laughed and Kirstin heard Theo join in. Kirstin took the next few turns. "Down there." Theo told her and pointed. She followed his fingers and stopped on the wasteground. It was the old industrial area, long abandoned with the buildings slowly falling apart. A van came from one of the old warehouses. Kirstin watched it pull up nearby then stop. The two black college boys got out the front. They were grinning as they noticed Kirstin behind the wheel. They looked like thugs, she thought. Black thugs who wouldn't take no for an answer.
			"Wait here." Theo told them and got out. Kirstin watched him greet the two black males. They talked, nodding towards her. Theo said something and they laughed.
			"Bet you'd love it?" Adela said. then leant over so her lips were near Kirstin's ear. "All those black boys taking turns fucking your lilly white cunt..." Kirstin looked at her. "T tells me everything. How you were a total slut. Stripping for him. letting him cume over you. We watched the tape of you fucking Mike. What's the most guys you had fuck you?"
			"I don't think--" Kirstin started.
			"How many, Cunt?" Adela purred. "See? I even know your pet name. So how many?"
			Kirstin looked down. Adela was breathing into her ear. It was turning her on. Maybe there was a touch of the lesbian in her. "Four." she said.
			"Just four?"
			"Yes."
			"T among them?" Adela breathed.
			"Yes." Kirstin breathed.
			"He use a condom?"
			Kirstin said nothing.
			"That'll be no. He uses them with me, know why?"
			Again Kirstin didn't answer.
			"Cause you never know where you white whores have been. Don't want to catch nothin'. Especially after you've been passed around an' all."
			"Just shut up." Kirstin said finally.
			"I'll shut up when I'm good and ready. Whore! I know where the photos are. You show some respect or one morning everyone gonna find some very juicy pictures in their mailbox." Kirstin looked at her. "That'll fuck your life up, won't it? Whole fucking town'll know you for real. A white whore. Bye-bye nice job, hello street corner. Cause that's the only thing you're really good at, ain'it?"
			"You are one nasty piece of work, aren't you?" Kirstin said quietly.
			"Survival of the fittest, whore." Adela said. "Know what happens to bitches who cross me?" she said and carried on when the white woman didn't answer. "Their lives get very fucking difficult. The whore who was going to get my position on the cheerleading squad got disrespectful. I fixed her."
			"Jessica?" Kirstin said, remembering what theo had told her.
			"That was her. Just cause she was fucking my man she thought she shouldn't show due respect to me. So when head cheerleader comes up she puts her name up for it. I tell the white whore it's mine and to back the fuck off. She tells ME to back the fuck off! So she gets fixed."
			Kirstin blinked. "How?"
			Adela sneered. "Arrogant bitch was on the pill, wasn't she? I fucked with her pills. Switched them. Dumb cunt didn't even notice the change. T took her on a tour or the town. That bitch was fucked till she couldn't walk. Next thing happens, she's knocked up. Then the truth all comes out, how she's been fucking every black man in town and doesn't even know who's the daddy. Well, you can't have a head cheerleader who's a slut, can you? And that little bitch's daddy can't go down the street with seeing a nigger and wondering. So they leave. I get my rightful position. And you show me respect, bitch!" Adela leaned towards Kirstin. "Or you'll be going on a tour of the town."
			"I'm... I'm sorry." Kirstin said.
			"Better. But from what T says you already done a tour of the town. Maybe you already fucked some of these guys. Just not twenty at a time. Yet" Adela smiled at her. "Maybe give you that on your birthday. Twenty hard black bulls. Just for you."
			Kirstin closed her legs together, feeling the familiar sensation between them.
			"Good looking white bitch like you, it'd be easy to get volunteers." the black girl said and smiled as Kirstin sighed. "You feelin' horny, Cunt?" the girl asked. Kirstin could feel the throbbing between her legs as she thought of those four jocks fucking her, using her... Then looked at the van and thought of Tanya facing twenty big, black cocks... "I can see it on your face, bitch. I can fucking smell your cunt."
			"Yes." Kirstin admitted. "Oh, God. Yes!"
			"You got that look." Adela told her. "Same look that all those white sluts get when they're shown a black cock. Even those Godly bitches who claim to be fucking virgins. Give `em a nigger and they wet themselves dreaming of that big, black cock rammin' into them!"
			"Adela--"
			"Quiet, Cunt." she ordered Kirstin. "This ain't school hours. You're just another white slut for use by any black motherfucker that's passing." Adela suddenly inhaled. "Damn, bitch, you are fucking hungry for some BBC!"
			"BBC?" Kirstin said, trying to stop herself from panting. Adela was right. Her pussy was throbbing. 
			The black girl put her lips to Kirstin's ear and made sure she breathed each word out. "Big! Black! Cock!"
			"Fuck....!" Kirstin groaned as the feel of the black girl's breath and mental images of all those black cocks pounding into white pussy nearly brought her off. As she fought to suppress the orgasm she saw Theo shake his head again after one of the college studs pointed to her. Theo pointed to the van.
			"Why, miss!" Adela put on a fake shocked look. "Such language! From a teacher! Someone who I'm meant to respect and follow their example..." Kirstin saw her smile sweetly then shrug. "Well, I am fucking a black cock."
			"How long they going to be?" Kirstin asked.
			"Why? You need a fucking?" Adela said and Kirstin looked down. "Thought so."
			One of the college studs slammed the van's side door open. Tanya was naked. Lying on the floor of the van. She looked wasted. As Theo picked her up in his arms she seemed to groan. Kirstin saw the girl's black hair was thick and dirty. He put her on the back seat and caught a plastic bag one of the black males had thrown him. "Clothes." he said, throwing them in. "Minus panties. They wanted a trophy."
			Kirstin couldn't take her eyes off the girl. She was covered in dried cum. Her hair was thick with it.
			"Twenty?" Adela said. "More like two-hundred! This bitch is gonna need cleaned up."
			"What will her family say?" Kirstin said, looking at the shaved pussy. She could see the cum that had leaked out.
			"Nothing." the black girl told her. "Bitch has been staying with me for past couple days. She'll get cleaned up at yours. No way I'm letting her mess up my tub."
			"...uuuhhhhh..." the girl moaned as Theo got in next to her.
			Kirstin looked back at Tanya. Twenty black men had done that. Pumped this sweet young white body full of their seed. She could only imagine what they had done to her. The debasement... Using each of her orifices for their own pleasure...
			"Uuuuuuhhh..."
			Adela looked back to Tanya then realised who made the moan. She smiled at Kirstin.  
	
	
			
			They got Tanya into Kirstin's apartment and onto the couch then theo and Adela cracked open beers.  "Let her sleep it off, then a shower will clean her up." he said.
			"When she get the use of her legs back." Adela smiled. "Nice place. Kirsty." she said, making herself at home then added, "You gonna tell him?" Theo looked at them both. Kirstin just sat there. "Our sweet slut here is jealous of Tanya." Adela explained. "She even came thinking about all those black boys ravaging that girl's body!"
			Theo looked at her and smiled. "Told you she was a great slut." he replied.
			"Stand up," Adela told Kirstin. "Take the skirt off."
			Kirstin did as she was told. Theo enjoyed the sight of her displaying her cum-stained panties to him. "I--"
			"Shut up." Adela ordered. "Now get rid of the rest of it."
			She saw the black girl settle back and sip from the beer bottle. Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. Then her bra, then her panties. She kicked off her shoes, leaving herself naked in front of them.
			"Definitely looks better in the flesh," Adela nodded and scooped up the soiled panties. She sniffed them, smiled and threw them to Theo.
			"Damn!" he grinned, catching the scent. "I thought that was this bitch." he said throwing the panties onto Tanya's sleeping body.
			"Why don't you get us two more beers," Adela said to Kirstin. "Then you can show me how good you are a sucking my man's cock."
	
	
			
			Kirstin got the beers.
			She sucked Theo's cock in front of Adela.
			She lay on her belly, spread herself open on her bed and let him fuck her ass as Adela encouraged Theo go harder, go faster and go deeper. As Theo pounded into Kirstin's ass, Adela grabbed her face and ordered her to cum. "Think of all those niggers fucking your white cunt, slut!" she ordered. She kept ordering until Kirstin did cum. As she lay there, feeling Theo's sperm running down her ass crack, she heard Adela up. Adela and Theo kissed. "I love watching a white slut cum with black cock in her!" the black girl declared.	
			"Hell, yeah." Theo gasped.
	
	
	
			"You suck those black balls properly, bitch. Give them the respect they're fuckin' due!" Adela said, sitting in the chair with her legs spread. She was rubbing herself watching as Kirstin was on her back on the bed kissing and licking and sucking Theo black balls as he straddled her head. His strong legs pinned her arms to the bed. Kirstin opened her mouth and allowed to Theo to dip them into her hungry mouth. She was eager for them to get full again so he could fuck her again. "Those balls taste good, Cunt?" Adela asked.
			"Yes," Kirstin gasped seeing him slowly getting hard again. Theo just smiled as e laid the growing length of dark meat on her face. Then lightly slapped her face with it, one cheek then the other. She opened her mouth, turning and trying to catch it. Theo grabbed her hair and pinned her head back in one position. He began cock-slapping her harder. 
			Adela lifted her fingers to her nose and sniffed. She stood up and walked to to the bed. The black girl waved her fingers under Kirstin's nose. "Smell that, Cunt." she teased. "That's what happens when I watch a white slut in action. I get good n'wet..."
			"Uuh...W...where...am..." Kirstin heard a drowsy female voice and looked towards it. She saw Tanya standing naked in the bedroom doorway. "Miss Tamms...?" the cum-covered white girl exclaimed and tried to cover herself up quickly. She stepped back and behind the wall.
			"Tanya!" Adela smiled, heading to her. She ushered the girl away. "You need a shower, girl!"
			Kirstin saw the girl looking back over her shoulder as she was taken out.
			"But that's..."
			"Yeah, yeah, yeah." Adela said, disappearing from view.
			Kirstin stared at the doorway. She shouldn't have agreed to this. Then realised she didn't. Adela told her to, and she did it. Kirstin had been the obedient white slut and did as she was told. Theo grabbed her face and pulled it back towards him. "You like that white pussy?" he grinned.
			"I... She saw us... Me..." Kirstin told him.
			"So?"
			She looked at his cock in front of her face. "I'm her... teacher." she said.
			"And?" Theo shrugged.
			"...." Kirstin opened her mouth then closed it again. There was nothing she could say.
			"Got it in one, bitch." he said, moving back down her body. He pushed her legs apart and Kirstin felt his thick shaft enter her pussy. As he fucked her Theo stared her in the eye with a look of truimph and...ownership. "That's what you are!" he told her as he pushed himself inside her. "Cunt!"    
			
	
	
			Theo came one final time that night before he and Adela left. Tanya was worried about Kirstin knowing what she had done and Adela declared there was one way to prove she was safe. That `Miss Tamms was just like her and wouldn't say shit'. Kirstin and Tanya were naked, Tanya's still dripping from her shower. Kirstin watched the black girl whisper to Theo who simply nodded. He pulled out his cock and got it nice and hard. Kirstin saw Tanya gaze at it lovingly. He jerked off over the coffee table and she watched the globs of thick white cum splatter across the polished surface.
			"Clean it up, Cunt." Adela told her. 
			Kirstin lowered her head and slowly pushed out her tongue. She heard the black girl giggle as she licked up the first splatter of cum, then move onto the next.
			"See, Tanya." Adela said. "We got the bitch house-trained. You got nothing to worry about. Has she?"
			Kirstin was lapping up Theo cum hungrily. She felt fingers grab her hair and pull her head up. She found herself looking into Theo's eyes.
			"You ain't going to say anything about Tanya's little party, are you Cunt?" he told her. Kirstin shook her head.
			"Good girl." Adela said. "Now you'll be staying here with Miss Tamms. I'm sure you two have so much to chat about."
			When they left, Kirstin got each of them a robe and made coffee. They sat, her on the couch and Tanya in the chair. After ten minutes of very uncomfortable silence. Kirstin decided to take the bull by the horns. "I won't say anything." she said finally.
			Tanya nodded. "I won't either." the girl replied quietly.
			"I put your uniform in the wash." Kirstin said. She'd gone in the college's cheerleading outfit. That had been cum on as much as Tanya was. 
			"Thank you."
			Kirstin sipped the coffee. She didn't say what she really wanted to... How many were there, Tanya? What did they do? How did they use you, Tanya? Did they fuck your ass? Did they cum inside you? Did you suck every one of those black motherfuckers off? Kirstin put her mug down and left the room. She fetched some sheets. and put them on the couch. "I'll take the couch," she said. "You can get the bed." Kirstin saw Tanya look up at her sharply, then remembered. The very same bed you saw me getting cock-slapped on by one of the football team. Nice move Kirstin, she told herself.
			There was no way around this. She sat on the arm of the chair and put an arm around Tanya. "Look." she started. "We all do things that in public we wouldn't like to admit to. You saw me..." She nodded to the coffee table. "Then in the bedroom, well, you know. So if you're more comfortable with the couch."
			Tanya looked at her softly. She nodded. 
			"I'll get you a night dress." Kirstin replied.
			
	
	
			Kirstin couldn't get the image out of her head. That young, slender body in the cheerleader's outfit being fucked hard. Passed from male to male. The black hair was flying as she countered every thrust and rode every thick, black cock that slammed into her. She saw them around Tanya's young innocent face, covering her with cum and making sure it smothered her face and hair and tits. She couldn't get the picture of Tanya's gangbang out of her mind. As she imagined it again, Kirstin spread her legs and pushed two fingers inside herself. "Come on..." she muttered in the darkness. "Come on.... Come on..."
			She came....
	
	
	
			Breakfast was just as nervous. Tanya thought of that teenage body and it shaved pussy in her shower and the two jocks who stepped out the van. The images slipped into her mind again. Tanya on her knees, one thrusting into her mouth as the other pounding into her ass...
			"Miss Tamms." she heard and saw the smoke coming from the grill. 
			"Shit." Kirstin breathed as she pulled the burnt toast out and onto the kitchen top. She turned to Tanya who was dressed in her cheerleader's uniform. "Sorry." she said. "I'll put on..."
			"No need. I'll get something on the way to Adela's" Tanya told her.
			Lirstin couldn't believe the change in her. Tanya was back to the nice, innocent girl she saw in class. Not the cum-covered white fuckmeat that was lying on the floor of the van.
			"You sure?" Kirstin said, almost disappointed.
			"Yes." the girl said. "I had to borrow some...underwear. I'll give it back to you. Thanks for letting me stay."
			"Don't worry about the p...you know."
			"Yeah." Tanya said. "Thanks."
			Ask her, the slut in Kirstin was saying. Ask her about being fucked by twenty black bulls...
			"Tanya." Kirstin said quietly. "Did they make you...?" Her voice tailed off as she looked at Tanya.
			Tanya looked down at the floor. Then looked up. "Did they make you?" she asked back.
			Kirstin watched the cheerleader turn and walk out the door.
	
	

					--------------------------------------------------------------
	
	
			
			Kirstin looked at her lawyer. Then at the jury that was pretty much mostly women. She could guess how that would go. She already knew how the community had reacted. Fucking hypocrites. It was Michael's cunt of a mother who shouted the loudest. She had found the tape of her son being, in her words, `abused' by his teacher! That tape would be shown to the jury who would decide to....what? Say not guilty, you lucky bitch? Or was it the more likely a jealous guilty. We ain't getting it, so you can't either! Kirstin knew she was right there, on all fours, and enjoying every minute of it. All on tape. She knew those bitches would be fingering themselves imagining it was them in her position. But they would still do their civic duty.
			Cunts.
			The press had already did their best to portray her as the predatory bitch thanks to an anonymous source who told them she was `always flirting with the black male students, even my boyfriend'! Kirstin knew who that was. Fucking Adela. Kirstin knew she was responsible for the note that was slipped under her door after the shit-storm initially blew up that read `Enjoy the prison pussy, Cunt.'. Even seen her in the court looking smug. So far it was just Michael who was named as a `victim'. But that was enough. Especially when his cunt mom was yelling about how he was mentally damaged by it all. How Kirstin had used her authority to give him no choice! How she had harrassed him by phoning the house looking for him. Check the fucking tape, bitch. That boy pounding her from behind look like a fucking victim? But then that was problem. Legally he was still a boy. His balls might have dropped and he might be big enough to fool some bartender into serving him, but LEGALLY he was a boy. Shit, if this was Europe or somewhere else sensible that...
			"Miss Tamms!"
			Kirstin was snapped out of it by the seriousness in the judge's voice. 
			"Do you wish me to repeat the charges?" he said.
			"No." Kirstin said.
			"THAT BITCH KNOW WHAT SHE DONE!" the cunt called Michael's Mom suddenly yelled from behind her.
			"Ma'am! Control yourself!" the judge ordered.
			"YOU RUINED MA LITTLE BOY! HE WAS INNOCENT TILL HE MET YOU!" the cunt yelled. "YOU BURN IN HELL, BITCH!" she added before she was forcibly guided out.
			Kirstin sighed, clasping her hands in front of her. Fuck you right back, bitch, she thought.
			"Kirstin Tamms, you have heard the charges. How do you plead?" the judge said, picking up his pen.
			Kirstin looked at him. She sighed again. Well, fuck him. Fuck those bitches on the jury. Fuck `em all. There was no choice now. She had felt it. A quick glance at the jury told her those jealous bitches had made their minds up already then she looked squarely at the judge. Any defence she had was now pointless. Even if they came back with a `not guilty' there was no way she could stay in this town. Not now. The test that morning had been positive. She was pregnant. And the father... Christ, what nigger hadn't left a little gift inside her. "Your Honour." Kirstin said and grinned as she stroked her belly. "I am GUILTY AND FUCKIN' PROUD!"


                                     END
			
