All this happened a year ago. My name is Kantam and I am 46 and my son 26 now. It never is supposed to happen but it just happened. To be frank, I am a sex-craving woman. I always wanted sex and more of it often. I am married to my husband for 26 years now and I can say we were hot on bed a lot of those years. My husband is still hot even to this day but for the past few years sex has become a scarce activity in our lives. This started to take toll on me as I was getting hornier but my dear hubby did not have time to take-care of my heat. So I started seeking men who would take care of my passion between my legs. All this continued till the day my son came home.

My son Ramesh left for US to work on Computers after he graduated here and he is coming back for good after his two H1 terms. I was seeing him after 3 years so I was very excited. I picked him up at the airport on a Friday. When I saw him for the first time coming out of the airport I could not wait any longer and hugged him tight with a lot of affection. Ramesh also hugged me close to him but the thing happened after few seconds startled me. When Ramesh hugged me he caressed my back which is pretty normal but slowly pushed his right hand around my back and underneath the armpit and squeezed the side of my breast. I was startled a bit and thought probably it's just an un-anticipated gesture, as Ramesh didn't show any facial expression. I released my self and we walked towards our car.

Throughout our journey Ramesh kept talking about all his stuff sitting beside me in the car seeming as innocent as my beloved son. Our rest of the day went extremely well and I never had another gesture from Ramesh.

His Papa came in the evening and we kept talking as I prepared the dinner. After the dinner Ramesh told us more about his stories and showed us all the gifts he bought for us. While opening the gifts Ramesh's dad went to the toilet and Ramesh suddenly gave me the packet he's been saving telling it for me. As I opened it I saw few pairs of very expensive Lingerie. I asked him who is it for expecting to get a name but instead he said they are for me. I was flattered but disgusted at the same time, as we mothers in India never expect to get their underwear from their sons. After his papa came I showed them to him and everytime he asked who are they for he never replied. That was my second indication that something is going on in Ramesh's mind.

We went to bed about 11pm that night and we arranged Ramesh's bed in his room as usual. But Ramesh insisted that he would sleep with us. First Ramesh slept by his Papa's side but it didn't take long before his papa told him to sleep by my side as he is finding it hard to move around. Since I am smaller than both are they were ready to use me as meat in the sandwich. I first hesitated a bit but had to give in. So Ramesh slept to my right and his papa to my left.

As I am nervous I turned towards my hubby and slept close to him. It was all well until Ramesh's papa started snoring. Ramesh turned towards me and after a while I felt his hand come on to me and a while after that he tilted towards and rested his whole body on my back. I was a bit nervous anticipating what he's gonna do as I felt his whole body liningup along my back...his chest against my back.... His stomach along my lower back and his legs along mine. The whole thing became erotic when he moved up his crotch against my ass and did a few strokes of simulated fuck against my ass rubbing his erection against my ass cheeks.

I got startled and immediately moved back to lie on my back as Ramesh also moved along with me. The movement woke up my husband as he stopped snoring and adjusted himself to get back to sleep. Ramesh though never moved until he heard the snore of his dad. By now I figured out Ramesh is hitting on me, his own mother. But the incident did not madden me. It has been two weeks I ever had sex and besides I would have enjoyed somebody like him fucking me while my husband is sleeping by my side if he wasn't my own son.

Now I am in a state of shock and also feeling erotic. These mixed feeling tipped completely into horny side as my beloved son put his hand on my crotch parting all the entanglements of my saree and started fingering me. After a while he stopped and moved his hand up to caress his dear old mother's breasts. By now I am very high on horny side and could not stop Ramesh. I probably started enjoying what my son is doing to me.

Ramesh continued his activities until he suddenly stopped as I got to the point of my climax. He then immediately turned the otherway and then dozed off. It was very frustrating for me. I was furious but I could not do anything. I had to getup and go to the bathroom to relieve myself.

The next morning Ramesh was a normal son again and never hinted me. On the other hand I felt a bit shy and avoided him touching me. Ramesh never touched me either.

But in the night Ramesh is back by my side and onto my body as soon as his father hit the snore track. This time he went far to open my blouse and caress my naked breasts and he even lifted my saree and petticoat to caress my mound and my thighs. I thought he would finger-fuck me but he didn't and as usual he left me unfinished feeling very horny.

The next morning he was back again playing a good son. But my feeling for him started changing as I started visualising him fucking me. The idea of my own son hitting on me took my feelings of perversity to a new height and made me anxious to what will happen next. The more I think about it the more I enjoyed it rather loathing it.

Since I am sure that Ramesh will come onto me that night too, I changed into something comfortable wearing a nightgown so that he would have access to 'my parts' of 'his' interest. But my husband compelled me to change back to the saree saying 'sharm kar! tumhara bachaa tumhare paas so raha hai aur tum gown pehnogi?"

'Little did he know?!?'

Apart from this nightly event between me and my son we three had an excellent weekend.

That night we went to bed early as Ramesh's papa has to get up early for work. So we had more time to play around. That night Ramesh opened every button on my blouse and also released the saree and petticoat. He didn't whisk the garment below my crotch but he didn't have to. He got access to my already dripping pussy through the side of my petty coat. As I was in the anticipating mode he entering his fingers into my vagina. The first action of my son fucking me. Not with his manhood but with his fingers. I felt I am married again. Married to my son! I couldn't feel anything but ecstatic as my son finger-fucked me to climax. After I climaxed I was anticipating that Ramesh would fuck me and was ready for it but instead he went back to sleep.

I have to tell you that by now I am more a wanton for my son's manhood than feeling guilty. By now I also realised it could be Ramesh's sinister plan to get me to fuck him. But instead of feeling disgusted about it I felt great seeing what he had to go through to get his old mother to his bed. I felt lucky to be my own son's bed partner. I thought I passed the age of being an object of lust but little did I know my own son has hots for me. I started being more affectionate to him than hating him for his lust for me.

I had a good sleep that night only to be woken up by my hubby getting ready for his work. I got up, set my saree and blouse thinking about lastnight's happenings as I looked at my son sleeping away as innocent.

I got the breakfast ready for Ramesh's papa as he finished dressing and had his breakfast. Another 15 mins passed by and my hubby left for work.
___________