Nora stood with her left leg propped up on the arm chair, naked with her pussy open to Mick's face. "Eat my pussy!" She demanded, taking her left hand and pulling on the back of his head. "Put your mouth on my cunt and suck on my clit!"

Mick sat in the chair, hesitant and seemingly unwilling to comply. He put up little resistance, and at first placed his tongue on her wet lips. Her pussy tingled at the touch, and she wanted more. His nose tickled the strip of hair that rest on top of a clean shaved pussy. Nora moaned. When she tried to pull him closer, he jumped backwards and pushed her away from him.

"What the hell is the matter with you?" She stood now screaming at him.

"I just can't," he began, "it's just not right."

Nora stood feeling cold and rejected. "Fine! I guess then it never will be for you then."

Mick looked at her, and although seemed disappointed himself, he stood firm on his ground.

Without a minute to waste, Nora quickly got herself dressed and walked out his apartment front door. It slammed behind her. She walked quickly to her car, and almost started to cry but wouldn't let herself.

Her cell phone rang. She removed it from her purse, and looked at the screen to see who it was that was calling. "Oh my gosh, it's Jon," she stood in place. Her little tears dried up in an instant. For the moment, she felt happy. Jon was a good friend whom she could always count on for anything.

She answered the phone. "Hello?" Her voice clear now and excited.

"Hi, Nora," Jon's voice calmly spoke to her. She felt her heart swell, and she could only say what popped into her mind at the moment. "Come over, very quick!"

"Sure, is everything okay?" He asked, a little concerned.

"Oh yeah, I just thought we could hang out for a little bit tonight, just me and you."

"I'm on my way now," he answered, then hung up his end of the line.

Nora got into her car, started it up and drove away towards her place. It was a short drive, so it didn't take long for her to make her way into her driveway. Jon was already there, sitting on her porch. As she got out of the drivers seat and closed the door behind her, Jon stood up to greet her. He was fairly tall around six feet, average body, and short dark hair. He wore a work shirt that had his name on the left breast pocket. His jeans were slightly dirty, but not as it usually was.

Nora took in the sight of his handsome self. She stood around 5'8", had medium length brown hair and green eyes. Her body was average but well built, and at 40, she knew how to put the younger men out quick. She was a very sexual woman and a man had to know how to work it for as long as it took to bring her to the ultimate climax.

Jon smiled and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her cheek and asking how her day had been.

Nora's eyes lit up like fire as she desired more than anything to feel Jon caress and make love to her. Her vagina lips began to swell, her nipples hardened and her body became hot as she felt a strong sexual attraction to him.

"I need a shower, can I use yours?" He asked, unbuttoning his work shirt then removing it showing his thin but masculine build.

"Yes, of course," she swallowed.

Nora directed him to the bathroom, and handed him a clean towel and washrag. She watched as Jon stepped inside, turned on the shower then closed the door to the bathroom behind him.

The restroom where Jon showered was directly across the hall from where Nora's room was. She had images in her head of Jon stroking his cock in the shower as he washed. Even some of herself peeking into the shower to watch him scrub his naked body. As her head swirled with many dirty thoughts, an idea popped into her head.

Nora quickly entered her room making sure that the door was wide open. She removed the blanket from her queen sized bed and exposed her soft, black beech sheets. She removed her shirt, then her bra exposing her 42dd's. Quickly, she pulled off her pants and realized that she had forgotten to put her panties back on. Her pussy cooled as the air touched it. Her mound moist and ready. She lay back on the bed and slipped her right hand index and middle fingers inside her firey cunt. Her left hand index finger massaged her clitoris as she masturbated to the images of Jon and everything that she wanted to do to him, even more what she wanted him to do to her.

The shower was still heard across the hallway and the occasional splash of water signifying Jon cleaning himself. Nora's imagination ran wild and her eyelids clamped tight as she played with herself. She heard the water shut off, but kept going. The door to the bathroom opened, and she continued. Jon stood in her doorway with the towel wrapped around his lower half, smiling, and she came on her right hand.

"For me?" Jon asked, feeling turned on himself. His erection evident under a tent in the towel.

"Uh huh," Nora moaned.

Jon walked over to her, and was halted by her.

"I fingered myself thinking of you, now I want you to jerk yourself off while you watch me do it," Nora felt bold and excited. Jon agreed and dropped his towel to reveal his long, and hard 8 1/2 inch cock. Precum already exploded from the tip as if he dribbled piss slightly.

Nora started again and Jon stood over her naked body taking in the smell of sex and stroking his shaft hard. Nora didn't hold back and let out loud moans and cries as she rubbed her clit. Another orgasm took over and she twisted her body, feeling her toes curl.

Jon felt his cum building in his balls. Soon, he knew that he was going to explode. Watching Nora pleasure herself made his cock twitch.

"I'm going to cum!" Jon screamed, and he shot a thick load all over her pussy, saving just enough for her tits. She rubbed it around and licked her fingers clean as he finished draining himself of his heavy load.

"Oh yeah!" Nora shouted, "come on and fuck my pussy, daddy!" She rubbed softly around her clit as Jon stroke his cock to hardness again.

Jon laid down over her body pressing his chest against her juicy melon tits. His dick slipped quickly in as her sex fluids provided the perfect lube for entry. He immediately came, and they both were surprised, but instantly his erection was back. Leaning in, he kissed her on the mouth. His tongue slipped inside of her mouth and their tongues wiggled while he penetrated her pussy full on. Their bodies slapped together as he fucked her.

"Oh my FUCKING GOD, fuck me hard, baby!" Nora screamed as loud as she could. He sucked on her neck as he thrust deep and upwards. Her right hand rubbed against her clit to maximize orgasm during penetration.

"Yeah, baby, you like this dick, don't you? You little slut!" Jon dirty talked Nora. Her pussy throbbing and her mind in a daze. She came all over his cock and the wetness soaked the sheets beneath them. He pinned her arms behind her head, and thrust hard into her. She lifted to grind, and the feeling made her cum again.

"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!" Jon said near orgasm.

"Cum inside me," she said pulling him in tight.

He slowed trying to keep going, then pressed in deep to fill her already wet cunt full of his sticky semen. He was panting heavy as he squeezed out every last drop.

Collapsing, they lay next to each other for a brief moment.

"Jon?"

"Yes?"

"Eat my pussy?"

"Oh yeah," Jon responded.

Nora rolled over on top of him, turning herself around so that her juicy cunt was nestled against Jon's mouth. She quickly took his cock into her mouth, tasting her own juices as she sucked and slurped. His cock felt warm as she took him completely into her mouth.

As she kept mouth fucking him, he grabbed her hot, fat ass and began to suckle her clit gently before plunging his tongue completely inside of her. He could taste his own cum as it leaked out of her hole. He didn't care, and continued to lick between her slit. 

Together they sixty-nined for what seemed like hours. Her fat pussy lips swollen from hot and heavy urges left her reeling for a screw again. Jon moved from her slippery pussy hole, and licked at her anus, plunging his tongue inside her hole. Nora moaned.

"Oh, you dirty boy!" She cried out seductively.

Jon moved out from underneath her, getting behind her, and rammed his stiff prick in between her mound. As he thrust into her, his hips smacked her ass cheeks causing them to quiver and bounce. He reached forward to massage her back, and she cooed in delight as he did so. The feeling of him deep inside her cunt and rubbing her down from behind felt like Heaven to her. She knew in her mind that she had never been treated like that before.

"Nora?"

"Yes?"

Jon slowed down as he continued to thrust into her. "I love you," he said to her, "I always have."

"Oh my, really?" Nora grinned with surprise.

"Yes," he responded smiling.

Nora cried uncontrollably tears of happiness. "I love you too, and I always hoped you would love me as well."

Jon wrapped his arms around her body and together they came in sync. The feeling was incredible. Together now as more than lovers, they knew that there would be a lifetime of love, sex and happiness together.
