My wife's photography club has a bonfire
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife has always been interested in photography. So for her 42nd birthday, I decided to buy a SLR camera for her. We went out for a romantic candle-lit dinner with champagne et al and she was very happy. In the next few days she realized that her photography skills were limited to the use of point-and-shoot digital cameras and the high-tech SLR I gave her was really of no use to her. I decided to help her and asked some of my close friends about any photography classes. One of my friends, a black man from Chad, told me that his father was running a photography club for all his old friends and if my wife wanted she could join them. So I got all the details and passed them to my wife.

She called my friend's father and joined their club. Since they were all retirees, they had all the time and every Wednesday they went for a new site visit to take photographs. Their clubhouse was operated from a room in the basement of my friend's home. My wife told me that they even had a dark room and sometimes they even developed their photographs in-house. She must have found the club useful because she was now always talking about her club and was excited to find out the next site visit.

One Monday, she told me that her club was going to some ancient caves for a visit and it was their first overnight visit. The caves are in a remote touristy place about 200km from our town. They had chartered a bus and were going to camp near the caves to catch the early morning lights on the surface of the caves. I was happy that my wife had finally found something interesting. However, on Wednesday just an hour before they were supposed to leave, my wife sprained her ankle and missed the bus. She was very upset. Anyway, I took her to the doctor and after he had given her some painkillers and some cream to apply she was feeling much better. But she was grouchy and upset that she was going to miss the excitement of photographing the beautiful caves with the rays of a rising sun. So I told her that I would drive her to the campsite and if she was feeling okay, she could stay on...otherwise I would stay with her and we could drive back together the next day. She was jubilant.

We drove and we reached the site by 4pm. I had an early important meeting the next day so I decided to return the same day especially because my wife was okay. But unfortunately my car developed some problem just two kilometers from the site and I had to get a mechanic to repair the car. He said it would take about five hours as he was all alone in the garage and he told me to do whatever I had to do and to return after five hours to collect. "And I live here only, so even if you are late, don't worry just knock on the garage door and I will get the car keys for you," he told me.

So I decided to walk back to my wife's campsite to have a bite and then return. By the time I reached the campsite it was already 6.30pm and in the jungle surroundings it was quite dark and cool breeze was blowing. Luckily I had my warm jacket on otherwise I would be uncomfortable.

I could hear cacophony of people chattering over the crackling sound of a healthy bonfire. When I reached I was amazed at the site in front of me. About 32 old men - mostly between the ages of 65 and 80 - were sitting around the bonfire. And my wife seemed to be the only woman in the group but she didn't seem odd as she was feeling at home and sitting at her assigned place in the circle of everybody else. Most of the men were jet black African men with different shapes and sizes. The only common features were their Negroid noses, thick lips and wispy kinky hair. I was stunned by the sight and was about to enter their group when the music stopped. One man, who I later found out to be my friend's father, got up and caught everyone's attention in a loud voice till there was an utter silence.

"To kill time, let's play musical chairs," he said to booing voices, "Don't sound so disappointed, it's going to be a lot of fun just trust me." Now he had everyone's attention.

"It's an African tribal version of musical chairs," he said, adding, "Where adults are initiated in the society." This got a unison cheer of approval. My wife looked around cluelessly and suddenly her eyes landed on me. She jumped up at her place and signaled me to come over. Once I was there, she introduced me to all and made me sit next to her, sharing the chair.

Once the introductions were made, the old man, whose name was Wzakula, continued, "Good, now I don't have to be the music player, Ruchi's husband Bhura will be the music player. Right Bhura?" he looked at me and before waiting for my answer continued further, "Okay, the game is simple. Bhura will play the music and everyone will move around. When the music stops, the last person standing will have to do whatever the others ask him. Okay? If the person is unable to do as asked, he will have to remove a piece of his clothing. Okay?"

I was quite stunned at this weird version of musical chairs but to not upset my wife I played along.

There were two young men, dressed as waiters, who were busy getting everyone drinks and snacks and the smell of alcohol was strong in the air. I grabbed a double whisky and moved over to the music player. "Bhura, start," someone yelled to me and I pushed the play button. There was a scramble around the bonfire and as I stopped the music all started grabbing chairs. One old man was left out and baring his pearly white teeth, he stood in the centre waiting for a command. One hand raised and one of the other black men told him to do a handstand. The old man looked astounded and said, "Look at my dentures, look at my dyed hair and my slack muscles, do you think I can manage a handstand?" Everyone laughed and the one who had asked him, grumbled, "Spoilsport. Then take off your shirt."

"This is easy," said the victim and happily removed his shirt.

I started the music again and stopped. Another old black man was cornered. And he too was only interested in removing a piece of his clothes. Within 15 minutes we had a most of the men without their shirts - big bellies and ugly manboobs jiggling obscenely. There were some real unsporting ones who were even down to their briefs. I was enjoying myself, especially because of the endless supply of whiskey. I never asked for a refill but my glass was always topped up by someone. 
Then my wife, so far lucky, missed the chair. "We want belly dance, we want belly dance," screamed the lot of increasingly horny old black men. Of course my poor wife was in no condition to dance because of her sprained ankle so she took off her shirt. She was wearing a shirt over a pair of jeans and normally she would not have done something like this but today, because of the atmosphere and the fact that I was around and most importantly because she had gallons of booze in her system, she happily chucked her shirt away. Immediately there were howls for cheers and wolf whistles. Her rather large boobs were heaving with every step she took.  

Although I was getting drunk, I was also wondering whether my wife was willing to expose herself to this crowd of older men who would never get a chance to see such a young (to them) beautiful woman naked. So, I purposely stopped the music when I knew she wouldn't be able to sit. She had to loose her jeans. Then I noticed that some of the men sitting on the other side of the fire had been taking off their clothes by themselves even without losing the game I guess in the excitement of exposing themselves to my wife. I thought it was getting interesting and wondered how my wife would handle if one of them were to loose his underwear. So in the next round I made an old man wearing only his underwear loose. As he paraded in front of all to see what was he to do, someone yelled, "Take off those soggy bloody underwear, you old sod."

I think he was a bit too eager and I noticed my wife was staring intently as he pulled his underwear down to reveal an impressive half hard uncut black cock - my first sighting. I realized my heartbeat had increased. In the next 10 minutes another six men lost their underwear. My wife, clad only in a sheer white panty and bra, was next loser. She took her time deciding what to lose and finally unclasped her bra and let her boobs hang freely. My cock, I realized, was rock hard. When I pushed play, I saw her line up between two naked black men and I saw the man behind purposely pushed against her, his heavy black cock rock hard and poking her over her panty clad ample ass. This also pushed her against the back of the front man and her massive boobs were crushed against his bare back. I noticed the man behind held her waist with his big black hands and pulled her against his chest. My wife was giggling violently but not averse to the action. While they were fooling around I pushed stop and again, my horny wife was the only one standing. Now there was no choice but to take off her panties. She slowly wiggled out of the panties and threw them high in the air getting appreciative cheers. Her panties landed right in the middle of the bonfire and were reduced to ashes in no time. I also saw that some more men quickly took off their remaining clothes and now there was no one with any cloth on. What a sight? All of the 32 old black men were now naked and 90 percent had rock hard cocks. The remaining 10 percent were on their way to rock hardness. I noticed my wife was being mauled and groped by every hand around her. When I stopped the music this time, my wife quickly grabbed a seat but not before a man already plopped in the chair. So she landed on his very thick veiny cock. I could see that his cock was leaking precum and all of that natural black man's lubricant rubbed on her hairy pussy lips. She got up but very slowly and not before the horny old man had rubbed his cockhead on her pussy a few times.

When they all stood up for the next round the black man whose lap she had sat on poked his cock between her legs again rubbing his precum on her pussy and making it slit with his prefuck juices. She ran further a bit and stood in front of my friend's father. When I stopped she sat on his lap and we all heard a scream. I ran to see if she was okay and as I bent down, I saw his ten-inch long and five-inch fat cock deeply embedded in her now slick and well-lubed pussy. He bobbed her up and down his pole by pulling her by her armpits and groaned in pleasure.

I was so close to the joint of her pussy and his cock that I could see his grey kinky pubic hair mashed against her long soft pussy hair. My head was spinning but I resumed my place as the music player. Now there was no one standing except my wife. Every time I pushed stop she ran to the next chair and sat down on a new hard cock. The next round she tried to sit on a black man's 70-year-old cock, he turned her around swiftly making her fall. With the fall her head landed in his lap and he wasted no time in forcing his leaking cock down her throat. She gave him a good three sucks and moved on to the next cock.

Now there was no waiting for my music stopping. All men had gathered around my wife and formed a tight circle. My wife was on her knees alternately sucking each uncut black cock. Not a single cock was less than eight inches long and four inches thick. All cocks were ugly, jet black and shining with free flowing cock juice. Wzakula broke the circle when my wife was sucking one of the cocks and pulled her up from her waist so that she was on all fours. Then he lined up his 10-inch monster and plunged head long inside her pussy. If her mouth was not choked by the other nine-inch black pussy plunger, she would have screamed in pain. But Wzakula took no mercy on her and assaulted her pussy like a teenager. He rammed his cock in and out like a mad black monster and within five minutes busted his load deep inside her. As he deposited his cum inside her, someone else pushed him aside and started fucking my pretty wife with gusto. I was surprise at the agility and virility these old black men were showing in fucking my wife. 

After the fifth man had deposited his load in my wife's pussy, Wzakula called me over, "Bhura, your wife is a real mess. Clean her up." As I reached for my handkerchief, he slapped me real hard. So hard that I saw stars literally. Then he pushed my face in my wife's freshly fucked pussy and clamped my mouth on the messy hole. He pinched my nose so hard that I had no choice but to open my mouth to breathe. And as I opened my mouth a huge load of mixed black sperm flooded my mouth and I was deliciously surprised to find the taste superb. I started lapping up load after load straight from her red, gapping pussy. Once the pussy was relatively clean, someone pushed me aside and pushed his eight-inch fat cock in my wife's pussy. She screamed like a buffalo in heat and pushed her ass back to take more of his cock in.

Meanwhile Wzakula pulled me up by my hair and dragged me to one chair, where he sat down and started dragging my face all over his limp but still large cock. I inhaled his manly black musk emanating from his sweaty balls and his cock still coated with his juices mixed with my wife's pussy juice. I licked the entire length of his black monster dutifully cleaning his cock till it came back to life and started fucking my mouth like it was a pussy. I sucked his cock for half an hour and realized someone had pulled my pants off and a rock hard cock was probing my virgin asshole. Without applying any lubricant that monster black cock penetrated me and I felt my ass was being ripped apart in two. My ass was ravaged mercilessly till his cock spewed burning hot sperm inside my rectum. And as he removed his cock Wzakula scooped al his dripping cum from my ass and fed it to me - which I lapped up like a hungry dog. Another cock assaulted my ass as I saw my wife enjoying the entire group of men at least two or three times. This continued the whole night and I saw old black man sleeping around the fire in bare naked bodies, resting while their black buddies fucked my wife's mouth and pussy and my asshole and my mouth. We were like rag dolls being abused by dogs. From time to time I was asked to lap all the sperm from my wife's gapping pussy hole.

When the first rays of sun, hit the ground, I looked up to see the Indian waiter's cock in my mouth and his friend's seven inch cock in my wife's pussy. As they grunted their release inside our respective holes, I realized that our fuckfest and gangbang had come to an end. Finally. I somehow managed to clean my wife a little bit and asked the waiting bus to drive us to the garage. At the garage, I woke up the mechanic only to realize that his hard morning piss hardon cock was poking from his fly, I quickly dumped my unconscious wife in one corner of the greasy floor and sucked his cock to an eruption of another cum load. Then I dumped my wife in the back seat of my car and we drove to our home.

We both slept the whole day and woke up only when the doorbell rang in the evening. I gingerly walked to the front door to open the door. Outside I saw Wzakula standing his hard cock in his hand smiling ear to ear. Behind him, also stroking a cock that was easily 14-inches long and at least as thick as a beer bottle was my friend from work. He said, "My father had his fun, now it's my turn." I smiled and dropped down to my knees to take the leaking head of his purple cockhead in my mouth, as Wzakula walked by me to my wife who was lying down on the floor with both legs spread apart, waiting to take his cock in.

The End.