As more murders occur in Oxford, Morse and Lewis get to know each other a bit better, a little more every day. They're still good at annoying each other, Morse showing it openly, Lewis holding back, too well-mannered to complain to his superior. But it cannot stop them from slowly developing a bond beyond their work partnership. Morse grows fonder of his Sergeant every day, though he tries not to show it. But he's not the only one... 

Investigation of the murder of Harry Josephs 

The top of the roof of the bell tower of St. Oswald's Chruch 

Lewis looks down at the dead body lying on the rim of the roof of the main church. A scratchy noise emerges from behind him followed by a thump. He doesn't turn immediately but when he does, his eyes take in the sight of his unconscious boss lying on the roof. Lewis walks over to him, crouches down and observes, making sure the older man is breathing. He reaches forward to loosen the Chief Inspector's tie, then opens the top button of the shirt underneath. 

"Sir? Can you hear me?" 

He cradles the older man's head in his hands, gently feeling for wounds, letting out the breath he never realized he's been holding when he doesn't find any. 

Blue eyes slowly open and settle upon his face. "Lewis...?" 

"You all right, Sir?" He asks. 

Morse groans but slowly sits up. "Yes, yes, I'm fine." 

Lewis still seems concerned. "We'd better get you down, like. And call backup so we get him down, too." He points in direction of the body on the roof below. 

"Down is a word I like a lot right now," Morse says, running a hand over his face. 

Lewis stands and holds out his right hand which Morse takes. He pulls his boss to his feet, however when he tries to take Morse's arm to guide him safely to the stairs, the older man pulls away. "Don't fuss, Lewis," he scoffs. 

Lewis decides if his boss manages to sound gruff already again, he probably is fine. "I'll go ahead, Sir, shall I?" Lewis offers. 

Morse nods, his gaze grimly focused on the entrance to the staircase. 

Lewis throws one last worried glance at Morse before he enters the narrow staircase. 

It doesn't take Lewis very long to realize that Morse is a lonely man and his loneliness makes him reach out to a lot of people, mostly women. But Lewis is not convinced that Morse is choosing the right women to reach out to. 

some days later at the same place 

Ruth Rawlinson cradles the Chief Inspector in her arms. "Are you all right?" 

"I am now," Morse croaks in return and leans on her, still breathing heavily from the attempted strangulation. 

Lewis turns away and leaves the roof. He had asked the same question just a moment earlier but only received a vague "I don't know yet" for an answer. And now this. Wasn't it he who pulled the man off Morse, saved his life? Again, after the incident in the Martins' kitchen not all that long ago? 

He shakes his head as he walks down the steps of the tower, trying to rid himself of the pang of jealousy that has overcome him. 

Lewis would be glad to be there for Morse, but he's not sure his company is what the Chief Inspector desires. Still, when he feels Morse should not be on his own, Lewis is there, offering his help and company. 

later the same day at a pub in Oxford 

"I think I'll be more comfortable at home tonight," Morse declares glumly. 

Lewis looks up at his boss with surprise and a little worry. "You haven't finished your beer!" 

"Oh, I'm off the beer. I can't think why..." Morse turns to leave and Lewis jumps to his feet. 

"I'll drive you home, Sir." Morse not finishing a pint does worry him and he wants to make sure his boss gets home safely. 

"Thank you, Lewis," Morse says, sounding like he means it. 

During the drive, Lewis occasionally glances at Morse but the Chief Inspector either doesn't notice or decides not to react. Neither man speaks until Morse lets them into his place... "Did you ever read that, Lewis?" He asks, pointing at a book that catches his eye when they enter his living room. Lewis picks it up, he's never even heard of it. 

However, when he leaves a few minutes later, content that Morse is home and safe, Lewis borrows the book. It's one of the things he's already learned from working with Morse, not to let a chance to learn something new pass him by when the Inspector thinks it'll do him good.