SleepWalking by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************
So Far: I had started sleepwalking again like I had when I was a kid, my 36 yr old mother in law was staying with us, I had jerked off in front of her while I had been sleepwalking, my wife was leaving me, and I was fucking the shit out of her mom.
*******************************
From Sleepwalking III
Somehow Jessie and I managed to rearrange ourselves under the covers with Julie.  I was the meat in a hot-woman sandwich,lying there content and happy between two sets of warm breasts.  I heard Julie whisper, "You're welcome..." before I passed out.
---------------------------
Jessie, Julie and I woke up and had another session before they had to get back to the conference.  I went back to sleep after they showered and left and crashed until the phone rang.

"Martin?  Are you still asleep?"
"ugh mfn huh?  Hey Jess.  Duh!?"
She giggled.  "Awww, poor baby.  Must of worn your old bones out huh?"
I could hear Julie cackling in the background.  My mother in law seemed to be enjoying wearing me out.  I heard the phone switch people and Julie's voice came on the line.  "Hun, can you do me a favor?"
"Ugh, sure, as long as I don't have to get out of bed."
"Hee!  You're still in mine, right?" she asked.  I grunted assent.  "Is my leather satchel in the corner by the dresser?"
I cracked open an eye and saw it on the floor.  "Yeah, it's there."
"Oh super.  Kelli's going to come by and pick it up, okay?"
"Huh?" I said waking up more.  "Who's Kelli?"
"She's my assistant.  There's some stuff in there that I will need tonight.  Is it okay if she comes by around noon?"
I looked at the clock, it was 11:15.
"Yeah, let me jump in the shower so I don't smell like pussy and bad breath.  I'll be here."
"Good.  And Martin..." she let my name hang expectantly.
"Yeah?" I asked.
"Tell her there's no rush to get it back.  I think you'll like her..."
"Julie...what are you doing?"  I said, trying to sound mad, but failing miserably.
"I'm trying to make up for my lame ass daughter!!!  Now ENJOY, DAMN IT!" she said forcefully and hung up.

My imagination started running away from me as I got out of the bed and stripped off the sheets, dropping my boxers into the pile.  I threw it all down the chute and jumped in the shower.  Not knowing what to expect, I showered and shaved quickly in expection of Kelli's arrival.  If Jessie was any indication of the women Julie was setting me up with, my dick started getting hard at the prospect of another friend.

I was pulling a shirt over my head when the doorbell rang.  My bedroom is right over the front of the house, so I opened the window and shouted for her to come in.  I heard the front door open and close as I padded barefoot down the hall stairs and into the living room.  Kelli was standing just inside the door in a powersuit and sunglasses.  The suit was obviously tailored to fit her well, accentuating her curves.  The color really showed off her red hair.  She was a looker alright, showing her big green eyes as she took off her sunglasses.  She unbuttoned her jacket and smiled at me.  "Hi, I'm Kelli" she introduced herself with a handshake and a smile, walking to me.  

"Martin, nice to meet you Kelli.  Give me a sec and i'll get the bag for you."
"Shame shame Martin" she said with a devilish grin and a fake thick southern accent.  "Don't you Yankees offer a girl a drink before you do anything at all?"

I chuckled, playing along.  "Please forgive my lack of manners Miss Kelli.  Can I get you something to quench your thirst?"  I bowed from the waist, very low.  When I came back up, I found that she had moved right in front of me.

"Well sir," she drawled, running her hand down my chest.  Her hand brushed over my belt and stopped on my cock as she continued, saying "I was thinking along the lines of a nice shot of cum in my mouth might be good for starters, what do you think?"

Before I could utter another sound, her tongue was in my mouth and her hands were busy on my pants.  Not wanting her to feel left out, I finished unbuttoning her jacket and pushed if over her shoulders.  She was wearing a thin white shirt beneath it that I wasted no time in unbuttoning.  I hit the last button as she got the zipper down and fished into my boxers for my cock.  Her hand was a little cold as she wrapped her fingers around it's hardness, stroking me gently.

Her lips left my mouth and kissed the head of my cock as she lowered herself down to kneel on the floor.
"We can sit down you know" I protested, but she ignored me grabbing my ass cheeks and shoving my dick in her mouth and partially down her throat.  She gagged and backed up, licking the head like a lollipop, her gaze burning into me.  Her lips were full and supple, her tongue snaking up and down the underside of my shaft.  She busied her hands with removing her shirt completely, exposing full firm creamy white breasts encased in a lacy bra.  

Dipping my cock into her throat once more, she succeeded in pushing past her gag reflex.  Her warm mouth, tongue and throat encased my cock in velvet, the itch already beginning in my balls.  I put my hands lightly on either side of her head, guiding my cock in and out of her throat.  Every few strokes, she would release me completely, take a deep breath, and then plunge me back down her throat.  

"Cumming! UNGH!" I growled, my hips bucking back and forth.  She slid my cock out of her throat and into her mouth, sucking and swallowing as I emptied my load into her waiting mouth.  She spent a few seconds licking me clean, licked her lips and sat back on her heels.  I just stood there staring at this beautful woman who had just given me a prime blowjob, watching as she reached behind her and released her bra.  Her tits were young and firm, standing up all by themselves.  She pinched each nipple, looking at me expectantly.  I licked my dry lips as she stood and thrust her breasts out proudly.  They weren't as huge as Jessie's, but they looked amazing.  Her nipples were rock hard, begging to be licked.  I leaned down, taking one between my lips as she unzipped her own pants.  I cupped them both as I pulled back and looked at her long shapely legs.  She turned, showing me the white thong trapped between the most perfect ass cheeks I had ever seen.

"Do you like my ass Martin?"
"Baby, there's nothing I DON'T like about you at all!"
"You think you can make me cum, Martin?  I haven't cum in a long time."  I couldn't tell if the pout was genuine or not, but it sure looked damn sexy.  
"Never know until you try!" I said, taking her hand and leading her up the stairs.  My cock started regaining it's original and upright position watching her thongclad ass move in front of me into the bedroom.  She stopped next to the bed, pulled the thong off, and slid to the middle of the bed.  I laid down next to her, my hands roaming over her breasts and ass and legs.  I began to work my way across her skin with light fingertips, electrifying her skin.  She began to get goosebumps as my fingers passed close to but not touching the lips of her pussy.  Rolling over onto her back, I kissed her deeply and kept a spiral of touches going on her skin, gradually getting closer and closer to her pussy.

As I neared the opening, her legs opened wide and she grabbed my hand, trying to shove it between her legs.  I pulled away from the kiss saying "Patience..."

"Jesus! Fuck patience and just DO ME!!"

"Tsk tsk tsk" I said, running my finger up and down her slit.  It was soaking wet by now, the lips parting as I applied more pressure.  I felt the hood of her clit and ran my finger around it.  Searching below it, I slid my finger into her as I repositioned myself so I could lick her clit and finger her cunt at the same time.

"Oh Martin!" she gasped as I licked under the hood, hitting her exposed clit.  Keeping my touch light, I moved my finger in and out of her slowly, finally adding a second finger.  Turning my hand so the palm was facing upwards, I grazed my fingers across her g-spot.  Threading her hands through my hair, she pushed me into her pussy, my tongue lashing increasing in pressure and speed.

"Oh God don't stop baby, I'm gonna monster cum..Oh jesus, yeah, lick me,finger me, oh god I can't wait to feel your big cock in there...Oh oh OH YESSSSSSS!" she screamed as her body tensed.  I put my free hand under her ass, groping and clutching it as she writhed and bucked on my tongue and fingers.

She was breathing heavy, gasping for breath.  "Please...Mar..Please tell me your cock is hard!"
I licked my lips, smiled and moved up between her legs.  The head of my shaft was flushed with blood and ready to go.  
"Yessssss" she hissed, putting her legs high on my back, crossing her ankles.  I pushed forward with my hips, seating the head of my dick inside and started my trail inwards.  Her pussy was young and tight and hot and lovely.  If she hadn't made me come already, I would be exploding inside her.  I pushed in slowly and steadily, her eyes rolling back in ecstacy.  "Oh man, it's so big and so perfect.  Go slow, but oh GOD don't you dare stop."

I shortened the backstroke and thrust deeper on each forward stroke until our pubic hair meshed.  I pushed up on both hands, holding myself above her as she wriggled her hips around on me.  Each movement made her tits shake nicely too.  

"Ooo baby, I got you now.  Pound the shit out of me baby!  Pound the shit out of my pussy hard and fast.  Oh god!" she screamed as I suited actions to words.

"Never had one so big...Mmmmhmmm this is IT! Fuck me Fuck me Fuck me!!!"   It didn't take long before she wanted to switch positions.
"I want you to fuck me from behind."  I sat up while she scrambled around onto all fours.  Her pink pussy was waiting for me to slide my pole back in.

"Do me hard!  Grab my tits and fuck me hard" she wailed as my dick reached the bottom of her canal.  I reached my hands under her arms, grabbed her tits and pulled her upper body towards me.  She reached around and grabbed me around the neck and thrust her hips forward, easing up my cock.  She let herself slam back down onto me, eliciting a grunt from both of us.  Her hair had come loose and was draped down her back, ticking my chest.  I reared my hips back and slammed forward, followed my her moving her hips forward and slamming back down into me.  It was a rhythmic fuck from heaven as we moaned, groaned, called each other's name and fucked each other silly. 

"Oh god, I'm close baby, come with me cum cum cum" she said, bucking her hips back and forth wildly.  I was very close my self so I grabbed her hips and fucked her hard and fast, her head flailing back and forth as she screamed my name. The clenching in her pussy sent me over the edge, causing me to spill my seed into her.  We bucked and fucked for several more moment before my softening dick slid out of her with a wet plop.  I fell down on my side, bringing her with me, the both of us breathing hard.

After we caught our breath, I looked at her.  I was amazed at my luck - three beautiful women screwing the shit out of me in the last week.  And I had been depressed by my wife leaving.  I chuckled softly.

"What's so funny?"
"The bags in the other room, do you want me to get it?"

We laughed for a few minutes before she looked at the clock.  "Shit, I have to get this stuff back.  I wish I could see you again Martin, I really do."
"Why can't you?"
She kissed me deeply, causing my dick to stir once more.
"I'm engaged.  Tonight is my last night at the conference before I go home to get married next week."
"Wow, I didn't know.  Hope I gave you a good last thing!" I smiled, chuckling softly.
"Fulfilled almost all of my fantasies.  Oh god that was good."
"Almost?"
She smiled.  "Yup, almost."

"What did I leave out Miss Kelli?"
"Welllllll...." she stalled, smiling.

-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/