Sophie
by Patrick

Eleven year old Sophie still couldn’t believe it, life was so unfair. From one moment to the next her entire world had been turned upside down, from happily living with her parents in their luxury villa to this run-down so-called children’s home. Okay, it wasn’t like their parents had much time for her as they both had their successful businesses they had to lead but at least they had been there for her when she needed them. Whenever her parents were away for the night, which was often the case, a babysitter came to take care of her. That had also been the case that one night, her parents had been away on a business trip and were to fly back home that night arriving the next morning. However they never arrived, instead a woman from social services had showed up to bring her the most awful news. The private jet with her parents on board had crashed into the sea, there were no survivors. Both her parents were dead. Sophie felt like her whole world collapsed, and in a certain way it did. Life as it had been until then suddenly came to a halt, certainly when the social service woman told her to get in the car with her as she had to take her to a children’s home. That’s where she would be living from then on, she didn’t even get the chance to take anything with her except for the clothes that she was wearing.
With no further information she had been dropped off at a house in a city about half an hour drive away from her house, she had never been there. It didn’t exactly look like the most wealthy neighbourhood, the houses were a lot smaller than what she was used to. She didn’t like it and her opinion didn’t exactly improve with the way she was welcomed inside. The ‘mother and father’, a couple in their fifties, welcomed her as if they were the grace of God and immediately Sophie knew she was going to hate it there. Back at home they hadn’t been religious, her parents found it all nonsense and Sophie agreed with them. Not that they were evil, far from it. Sophie had been taught norms and values and was usually well-behaved. These people however, upon finding out she was not religious, thought of her as a child of the devil and made no attempts to hide those thoughts. But, they reasoned, they would put that right and make her ‘see the light of Jesus’. ‘Ha, not going to happen’, thought Sophie on her turn. The other children, all girls of various ages, weren’t much help to her either. All were as indoctrinated with religion as the house parents and Sophie found no connection with any of them.
The next morning (she had been brought there on Saturday), the managing couple insisted on all of them going to church. It was Sunday after all and like good religious people they went to church every Sunday. Of course Sophie, who had never seen the inside of a church in her entire life, refused to go. This pissed off the house father so much that he grabbed her and put her over his knee. Next thing she knew there was a hard smack on her butt as his hand spanked her. It was followed by even more smacks and a very sore bottom for Sophie. “Now, are you going to church or do you want me to drag you there?” he asked. Reluctantly Sophie agreed. As she had expected, church was dreadful and she listened to the priest spitting out the same kind of nonsense as the others and they seemed to love it. Obviously Sophie didn’t share that opinion.
The rest of the day Sophie continued to cause disruptions, she just wouldn’t adapt to this religious thing. She missed her home, her parents, everything she had taken for granted until now. What would happen to her old home? Sophie didn’t know and she wasn’t able to figure out. The others tried to involve her in their activities, however all of those activities included religion such as Bible studies which by now Sophie was totally fed up with. She didn’t want to hear another religious word, which was as good as impossible in this overly religious home. At the end of the day Sophie cried herself to sleep, thinking about how unfair everything was. If life continued to be like this, maybe she didn’t want to live anymore.
In the meanwhile the house father also made a decision about this ‘devilish girl’, as he called her. “Tomorrow morning I’m calling social services, she can’t stay here. I know they said they had no other place to take her, that’s their problem. I can’t have her disrupt the house order any longer, she has caused enough misery”. Little did he know he actually did Sophie the biggest favour he could, a favour that actually saved her life.
True to his word, the next morning he did call social services and they promised to send someone over immediately. An hour later a social service woman showed up, it was another woman than the one who had delivered Sophie to the house just two days earlier. “So it appears Sophie is a problem child”, she began. “After all you have to understand that she just lost her parents, you can’t expect her to overcome it that easily.” “I know”, the house father responded. “And believe me when I say I’ve been praying so hard for her, we all have. We really want her to feel at home here but she’s not accepting of all the love we give her.” The social service woman sighed, she knew this was a religious children’s home and it wasn’t the best match for Sophie but she was a little short on places to put her. There weren’t many children’s homes and most were already full, it was always a puzzle to place a kid somewhere. “I’ll look into it”, she concluded. “You’ll hear from me in a couple of days”. With those words she got out and into her car, driving off to the next address on her list. She thought of that place, she knew it well. A delightful place, it certainly honoured it’s name as it was way more bright than the place she just came from.
While the social service woman was talking to the managing couple, Sophie, who couldn’t stand living in that house any longer, found the front door unlocked. Quickly she sneaked out, she’d rather live on the street than spend one more day in that creepy house. As she walked out and saw the social service car in front she changed her mind, instead of walking out to wherever why not get a ride? The door was unlocked and Sophie crawled in the back, covering herself with a blanket which she found there. Only a minute later the social service woman appeared, without even looking in the back of the car she started and drove off. Sophie didn’t have a clue where they were going but it didn’t matter, all she wanted was to get away from that house.
It was about 20 minutes later when the car stopped and the social service woman got out. When she was convinced that she was gone Sophie dared throwing the blanket off of her, she looked around to see where she was. The first thing she saw was a large. ‘Oh great, another children’s home’, she thought. Deciding that it was useless to stay in the car she got out, and just at that moment the social service woman appeared. “Sophie?” she proclaimed, obviously surprised to find her there. “What are you doing here? How did you get here?”. “Sorry miss, but I just couldn’t stay in that other house any longer. It was hell. I crawled in the back of your car and you drove me here. Where are we here anyway?” “We’re at Bright Sparks”, the woman explained. Not that it meant much to Sophie, she had never heard of a place with that name. Then it dawned to her as she read the sign at the front door, “Bright Sparks Young People’s Home”, it said. “You’d better come in with me, I can’t leave you there unaccompanied.” Sophie agreed and, even though she didn’t know it yet, for the first time entered the building that would literally be her saving grace.
“Oh, you didn’t tell me you’d bring someone with you”, a man inside the building said to the social service woman as they entered together. “Not voluntarily, she crawled in the back of my car at my previous address”, the woman explained. “Please don’t send me back there”, Sophie spoke in horror. Before the woman was able to answer, the man asked “Was it really that bad?” “It was horrible”, Sophie answered. “I’d rather live out on the street”. “Yes, it’s a complicated case”, the woman explained. “I would have brought her here if she met your age requirements, however she’s too young by quite a few years. Here’s her file by the way”.
Dennis grabbed the paper the woman handed him and started reading. “So, your parents have just died a couple of days ago. I’m terribly sorry about that, my condolences.” “Thank you, yeah, that’s true. I miss them so much”, Sophie answered. She shivered as she thought of all the nice memories she had with them, and how that was all over now. What would the future hold for her? At this point Sophie couldn’t be more uncertain. She needn’t have worried though. “Tell you what”, Dennis spoke. “Normally I don’t take in kids below the age of 14 but in your case I’m willing to make an exception. Officially we don’t have an opening but we do have the transit rooms available. You can stay there for as long as it takes. You have to realize though that you’re by far the youngest and the others are all way more mature than you. Do you think you can live with that?” Sophie jumped at the opportunity. Stay here? It looked so much better than her previous address, of course she wanted to. She would be a good girl and learn to be as mature as the others, she proclaimed. “Okay then, welcome to team Bright Sparks”, Dennis congratulated her. The social service woman was also relieved, one less problem to worry about and it did seem Sophie was at the right place here. There had never been any problems at this address, she was confident that there wouldn’t be any problems this time either.
Dennis didn’t say it out loud, but when he heard the name of the house Sophie had been in before that was reason enough to take her in. He had heard of the place and wouldn’t wish it upon his worst enemy. Okay, it would mean for his kids to adapt to having a younger girl amongst them but he was sure they could manage. He called Mandy, explaining to her that Sophie had come to live with them and could she please show her around? Mandy of course was happy to oblige and in the meanwhile Dennis sorted things out with Social Services, including the things she originally came for. That included passport applications for all of the kids as they would need passports for their upcoming holiday in France. Most of the kids had never been abroad, it would be their first time.
As Mandy walked up the stairs to show Sophie her room, which was upstairs, it couldn’t be avoided that Sophie noticed her lack of underwear. Mandy, as usual, was wearing a very short skirt. “Mandy”, Sophie started saying, “I just saw your uhhh, you know what.” “Huh? Oh, yeah, of course you did”, Mandy reacted as soon as she realized Sophie had seen up her skirt. “It’s okay, I never wear underwear. Neither does anyone else here, does that bother you?” “I guess not”, Sophie reacted. She knew she couldn’t be picky, she was just glad to have gotten away from her previous address and be accepted here and if it meant that they didn’t wear underwear then she realized she had to accept that. “Does that apply to me as well?” Sophie suddenly asked after thinking about it for a moment? “Oh, that choice is entirely yours Sophie”, Mandy explained. “We do have a few rules, but clothing requirements are not among them. Most of the girls, all in fact, choose to wear nothing at all while they’re at home. But you shouldn’t feel forced, just do as you’re comfortable with.” Sophie laughed at the thought of girls running around the place naked, it was funny but it didn’t put her off.
Mandy continued showing Sophie around just like she had with all the other new kids that had come to live with them recently. They were all at school right now, after all it was Monday. But Mandy explained that she’d see them soon enough and that she’d introduce them. “That reminds me, shouldn’t I be in school as well?” Sophie asked. It was only the mentioning of school that made her think of where she normally would have been at this time, her old school and her classmates. She realized she wouldn’t see them anymore either, even though their lives continued as usual but that school, just like her old house, was quite a distance away. Mandy of course didn’t notice those thoughts but answered the question instead, explaining that she would be enrolled in a school here in the area but there was no rush, she could take some time off and get settled first. Besides, the school year was almost over and the holidays would start soon. Sophie was in year 6, the last year in primary school before advancing to secondary school. If Dennis agreed she could skip the rest of the school year and start secondary school after the holidays. Then she’d get to go to the same school as the others, only in a different class of course.
When they went to visit Dennis about this they found him on the phone, the social service woman had left. It turned out the call was about Sophie, it was her parents lawyer that wanted to explain her inheritance to her. Dennis invited him over for the next day, which was agreed upon. As he put down the phone Dennis turned to Sophie. “It seems your parents didn’t leave you empty-handed. I wasn’t told any details, you’ll hear that tomorrow from the lawyer.” “Oh, I didn’t realize that”, Sophie said. “When social services picked me up I thought I’d never see any of my stuff again, I had to leave it all there. Can we go pick it up?” “That depends on what your lawyer has to say”, Dennis tempered her. He didn’t want to give her false hope but he knew that a request to pick up personal belongings was usually granted so he wasn’t too worried. What Dennis could promise her was that she didn’t have to go to school for the remainder of the year, it wasn’t worth it and obviously she already had enough to worry about.
It was then that they heard the front door open and a bunch of kids walking in, school was finished for the day. Dennis and Mandy knew what would usually happen, however today the strip a girl game would have to wait. But it was good that the kids gathered in the lounge for it as that would make introductions easier. “Everyone, we have a new guest at Bright Sparks. Everyone say hello to Sophie, it was an emergency case and I agreed to take her in. She’s younger than all of you so please be gentle with her, I expect all of you to behave your best and not offend our young guest.” Introductions were made and Sophie was readily accepted, she really did feel welcome. As she told the others about what happened to her everyone had nothing but compassion for her and for once the strip a girl game was totally forgotten about.
It wasn’t long though before some of the girls started feeling uncomfortable being dressed and Jennifer was first to take off her dress and reveal her naked body. That got Sophie laughing. “Hey, it’s fine if you want to get naked”, she said. “Mandy told me that you do that a lot and I don’t mind, in fact she went naked as well after the social service woman left.” That was a sign for the other girls to undress and soon Sophie found herself being the only clothed girl in the room. It made her feel a bit out of place but she decided she wasn’t ready to strip yet, she had to get more comfortable first. Besides, there were boys as well and even though they were friendly the boys did remain clothed. Sophie had always been told that she shouldn’t let boys see her naked so she kept her clothes on, however the fact that the rest of the girls did let the boys see them naked got her thinking. Maybe it was some teenager thing, maybe only little girls didn’t let boys see them naked.
What Sophie did notice was that most girls had developed nice round figures, they also had boobs. At just eleven years old Sophie still looked like a child, she had not gone through puberty yet. Her chest was still flat and her body hadn’t rounded out. Only one other girl, Samantha, looked a bit like her but she did get naked with the others. Sophie wondered what the story behind her was but the opportunity to ask didn’t arise. The discussion went in a whole other direction when Mandy walked by and suddenly started moaning and shaking. The others didn’t seem worried by it but Sophie asked “What was going on there Mandy? Are you in pain?” Mandy looked up with a confused look on her face. “Pain? Oh no, it definitely wasn’t pain. It was pleasure, caused by my balls.” “Stop kidding me”, Sophie interrupted. “You’re a girl, girls don’t have balls. Only boys do, I’ve had Sex Ed in school.” That made everyone laugh with Sophie not understanding what they were laughing about. Were they joking her? They seemed so nice just a moment ago and now this. “The girls in Bright Sparks do have balls”, Mandy tried to explain. “Here, let me show you” and with that she relaxed her pussy muscles and let it’s content fall out in her hands. Sophie was surprised as two metal balls appeared, that definitely hadn’t been covered in Sex Ed class in school.
Mandy explained that they were Ben Wa balls, they were to give a girl pleasure and therefor all of the Bright Sparks girls had them. Mandy had just had an orgasm because of the pleasure caused by her balls, that was all. “And do I have to wear them as well?” Sophie asked? “Honey, you don’t have to do anything you don’t want”, Mandy comforted her. “Besides, at your age your pussy probably hasn’t grown enough yet to take them and you likely still have your hymen so the entrance to your pussy is blocked. It wouldn’t be such a good idea, but why don’t you ask the doctor when he comes Thursday evening? He should be able to tell you what you can and can’t do.”
The discussion continued from there on until Liz and Aiden, who were the cooks of the day, announced that dinner was ready. Sophie was learning a lot about life at Bright Sparks, she found it funny and was almost sorry she was too young in all the fun activities that the others participated in. However there was one thing she could do and halfway through dinner she asked if she could go to her room for a minute. This was granted and when she came back she was naked. “This is better”, she said as she returned. “I felt so silly being the only girl with clothes on, I really want to blend in with the rest of you.” Dennis smiled, he knew he had made the right decision about letting her in. After dinner Sophie decided to take a quick nap in her room, it had been a tiring day for her. Well, she intended for it to be a quick nap but when she woke up she found the sun shining in her eyes. It was morning.