Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  3) Rocky Lovin'!  Part: 3
of 6 Summary: 'Scooter' adds Rocky, a barrel-chested rough guy, to his
fast-growing group of men while keeping it from The Duke, his sex master.
Keywords: M, MM, ws, nc, oral, ws, anal

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  3): Rocky Lovin'!

   by Arthur Kay

   In the first three months of my being Johnny "The Duke" Dukes' sex
slave, he had fixed me up with over a hundred gay "dates." He made $20-25 a
pop and would give me a fiver from each.  I didn't complain.  He didn't
have to give me a dime, had he chose not to.  After all, I was The Duke's
"boy."

   On one such date, as we sat in Duke's car outside the guy's apartment
house, he gave me his usual instructions: "Do everything he tells you to
do, Scooter!  Don't embarrass me." I said sure and he told me to go and
ring the bell to 4B, the guy's apartment.

   An hour or so later, I was standing in front of the apartment house as
The Duke pulled up.  I got in the car, handed him the usual envelope
containing the cash, and he asked, "Everything go all right?" I said it had
and we set off for his brownstone in Brooklyn.  He pulled a five spot from
the envelope and handed it to me.  I thanked him and pocketed the cash.

   On the 45-minute ride, The Duke seemed different somehow.  It was as if
he had swallowed the canary and was gleefully pleased with himself.  "When
we get to my place," he said, "I want you to tell me all about with the old
guy.  Every detail.  Don't leave nothing out.  OK?" I said OK and was a bit
surprised.  He didn't usually probe about what went on between the guys and
me.

   When we were in his basement "clubhouse," he didn't waste any time.  He
undressed and he ordered me to do likewise.  He then sat on the couch, his
legs spread out wide.  "Now, cocksucker, " he said, "get between my legs
and tell me all about it." I knelt between his legs and he told me to just
play with his cock while I told him the entire story.  This was all very
new to me.

   Now, The Duke's cock always mesmerized me.  He had a unique dick, for
sure.  His erection, when at full bore, stood straight up, seemingly bound
to his stomach, and higher than his belly button.  It was super-hard with
large, rope-like veins along both sides, which magnified its thickness. 
The head was a lighter skin tone than the shaft and purplish-pink in color.


   If you pushed his cock downward and let go, it would spring back to his
belly as if magnetized.  An amazing sight!  It both scared me and
fascinated me at the same time.  To this day I have never seen a cock quite
like it.

   His cock quickly stiffened as I stroked it and a large drop of pre-cum
formed at his peehole.  He noticed it and said, "Oooh, lick that off!" I
did as told and he said, "Now, tell me what happened with the old fag. 
And, give me every juicy detail." I pried his cock from his belly,
straightened it out toward me, and released it.  Boing!  It snapped back to
his stomach making a slapping sound.  Amazing!

   "Well," I began, trying to remember.  "He let me in and told me his name
was Clive.  He was wearing a flowery robe . . .  " Duke interrupted, the
first of many such interruptions.  "How old was he?" he asked.  This struck
me as strange because he sure as hell knew how old the guy was.  Why was he
asking me this now?  Oh, well, I thought, whatever.

   "Sixty, seventy, I guess.  It was hard to tell as he had some kind of
makeup on.  You know, his face was made up something like a woman's, but
not quite." Duke nodded and said, "But an old, old fag fart, eh?" and
motioned for me to continue.  I nodded and continued my story.

   "Well, then he took me into the bedroom, took off his robe, and told me
to slowly undress.  He said something about how he was sure going to enjoy
himself since I had such a nice young body.  Shit, Duke, he looked like he
was drooling!" Duke laughed as I played with his stiffening hardon some
more.

   "And . . .  ?" Duke asked.

   "Well, when I was naked, he came over to me and started feeling me up
all over, especially my ass.  Then, he, uh, uh, . . .  he started kissing
me, and I . . .  "

   The Duke grinned.  "Did he stick his tongue into your mouth as he kissed
you?" I noticed Duke's legs were starting to tremble.  "Yeah, he did.  And
after each kiss, he'd tell me how beautiful I was, and all."

   "Did you tongue him back?" the Duke wanted to know.  "Yeah, not at
first, but he told me he wanted me to, so I did.  He seemed to really like
that . . .  a lot!  So, I did it each time he, uh, kissed me."

   "Then, what happened?"

   "Well, he kept putting a finger into my ass while he was kissing me and
asking me if I liked that.  I told him it felt great.  Then we got onto the
bed and he told me to get between his legs and suck on his cock . . .  "

   "Describe his cock to me." This really surprised me.  Was Duke gay and
slowly letting me know it?  I couldn't imagine it, but stranger shit than
that has happened in this crazy fucking world.

   "Oh, it surprised me, I guess, because when it was hard it had to have
been, oh, I don't know, over 7 inches long.  And, pretty thick, too.  This
surprised me because I didn't know men his age could still get it up, if
you know what I mean." Duke nodded as I continued.  "And, his cock had a
large head, slightly bigger than yours, but not nearly as long." I squeezed
his cockhead for emphasis.

   "Go on." he said as I fondled his nutsack with my other hand.

   I was getting into it now.  I had a raging hardon from reliving it. 
"Well, he told me to lick his cock all over and get it really wet.  He said
he liked it when it was really wet.  So, I tongued his cock all over.  Then
he said to put it in my mouth so I sucked his cock for a few minutes, and,
oh, he moaned a lot while I sucked him off . . .  and he told me to take it
all in, which I did.  This impressed him no end and I thought he was going
to pop his nuts right then and there, but he didn't.  He just kept telling
me to take it all.  And other directions.  You know, like 'suck the head.'
and 'now lick my balls,' that kind of stuff."

   "The old fuck liked your sucking his cock, for sure.  Tell me, did you
enjoy sucking his big old fag dick?"

   "Yeah, I guess.  It was sorta nice.  It got really stiff in my mouth
which felt good.  And I mean really stiff.  With an upward curve to it. 
Oh, I forgot . . .  his balls, when I first saw them, hung way down low,
but after my sucking him off a bit, they tightened right up to the base of
his cock.  This amazed me, too.  Oh, I also forgot that he had me suck his
balls, too." Duke said "Yeah." as I massaged his balls for emphasis.

   Duke asked, "Did you enjoy sucking on his balls?" I squeezed Duke's
cockhead.

   "Yeah.  And I got them real wet, the way you like me to do to you."

   "What happened next?" Duke was absolutely leering at me now.

   "Well, he told me to get on my back and hold my legs up . . .  you know,
as you sometimes do . . .  on my chest." Duke nodded, as if picturing it.

   "Then he took a small tube of something and greased my ass up.  And, he
put some on his dick.  Oh, and he kept kissing me all the while he did
this. He also sucked on my nipples and licked my neck and ears.  He was
breathing so damn heavy I thought he'd have a heart attack!"

   "And . . .  ?" I saw that The Duke was getting even harder, if that was
at all possible.  I stroked his large boner and imagined Duke saying to me,
"Gee, that sounds so good I'd like to try it for myself!  Give me your
cock!" My bone got harder just thinking about it.

   I continued my lewd story.  "He got between my legs and put his cock
into me.  Then, " I had to think, "he leaned forward and put his body on
top of mine and buried his face into my neck.  Then, he started fucking me,
very slowly, and then he told me to kiss him again, which I did.  Man, he
must have kissed me fifty times!"

   "Then . . .  ?" God, did I have a hardon!

   "Well, then he told me to wrap my legs around his back, as far up on his
back as I could manage.  He told me to wrap my arms around his neck, too. I
did and he started fucking me real slow, but hard.  Oh, the bed made
squeaking noises while we were fucking and it . . .  "

   "Was he kissing you at the same time he was screwing your ass?" Duke
asked.

   "Oh, yeah, lots of them.  He'd fuck me and kiss me at the same time,
telling me how much he loved me and loved fucking my tight ass.  Oh . . .
you know how sometimes I shoot when your fucking me?" The Duke nodded. 
"Well, at some point I did the same with him.  I couldn't help myself.  I
just started squirting all over our bellies.  He noticed and it really
turned him on!  He reached between us and scooped up some spunk and put his
fingers in his mouth and sucked it off.  Then, he got some more spunk and
put his fingers in my mouth.  He told me to suck it dry.  Then, he kissed
me some more."

   "Did his old fag cock feel good up your ass?"

   I nodded.  Then Duke said, "No.  Say it aloud.  I want to hear how much
you liked his big old fat fag cock in your ass."

   "I liked his big fat fag cock in my ass.  It felt good, especially when
he went fast.  I had those tingly sparks going on in my head, you know, the
fireworks, and big goose bumps all over my body."

   The Duke nodded for me to continue.  "Well, he started fucking me real
good, getting a good rhythm going, kissing me all the while.  The bed was
squeaking something fierce.  Then he finally shot his wad." I put my tongue
on The Duke's peehole to lap up more of his pre-cum.  "And, just like with
you, I could feel the heat of his cum as he spurted.  It felt really hot."

   "Then . . .  ?" Duke asked.  Shit, I thought, Duke's heading for sucking
me off!

   "He told me he definitely wanted to see me again and, oh, and next time
he wanted me to fuck him.  Then, I got dressed and went outside to wait for
you." My story was over.  Not quite, as I remembered something else.  "Oh,
he also said that at some time in the future he wanted to empty his load
into my mouth."

   "So," Duke said.  "You really enjoyed sucking his dick and getting
fucked by him.  Is that right?" I nodded, but this wasn't what he wanted.
"Say it out loud!" he said.

   "I really enjoyed sucking his cock and having him fuck me." It was true.
I had.

   "Now, slave boy, suck me off!  Suck it good as you always do.  Make me
spurt!  I want to shoot my sperm into your hot, fucking, cocksucker mouth!"
When you gonna reach out and play with my dick, Duke?

   Duke's cock looked swollen and ready to explode.  It even felt hotter
than usual.  More pre-cum, a huge blob, had formed at the tip.  I leaned
forward, licked it off, feeling its stickiness, and then took his long head
into my mouth.  At the feel of my hot mouth on him, he moaned and his legs
trembled again.

   "Oh, God, that's feels good!  Oh, yeah, suck me, baby, suck me good!" He
had hold of my head in both his hands and was slowly and deliberately mouth
fucking me.

   "Do you love sucking my big fat cock?" With my lips around his cock I
said, "Mmm Hmm."

   "Does it taste good?" Again I said, "Mmm Hmm."

   His cock felt stronger than usual as I deep-throated him a few times. 
In a few minutes time, he started to spurt.  I had my thumb on the base of
his cock and counted the spurts.  Nine in all.  More than his usual six or
seven.  I guess he was hotter from hearing the story.  As I felt the first
blast hit the back of my throat, I gently sucked his cockhead.  Then, my
mouth filled up, twice, so I had to swallow twice.  I stayed on his cock
for a few minutes until he went soft and he told me to stop sucking.  He
lifted my head up toward him.

   He asked, looking me in the eyes, "Did you enjoy that?  Sucking my
prick?"

   "Oh, yes, it was good." I replied.  Here it comes, his offer.

   "Did I spurt a lot?"

   "Wow, did you ever!  I had to swallow twice." What's with the questions,
Duke?  Reach out and put your hand on my dick, if that's your plan.

   "Tell me, do you love the taste of my love juice?" I said, yes, I did.

   "Now, I want you to kiss my prickhead and tell it you love it." What the
fuck was going on?  I lifted his limp cock up to my mouth and kissed the
peehole.

   "I love you." I said to his cock.  He told me to do it again and then
again.  Kiss.  "I love you." Kiss.  "I love you."

   I was about to keep doing this silliness to eternity's end if necessary,
when he said, "Now, my cocksucker, I have a nice surprise for you.  Look at
the closet."

   I turned and looked at the closet.  It was a closet, for crissakes! 
Except for the door being open a few inches, it wasn't remarkable.

   "Rocky!" Duke yelled.  The closet door opened and out stepped Duke's
next-door neighbor, Steve Rocco, AKA Rocky.  I thought I'd die!  He had
seen and heard everything!  My tale of the old gay guy, how I sucked the
old fag off and let him fuck me.  And he had seen me sucking Duke's prick.
Kissing it!  Telling his cock I loved it.  My heart was banging in my
chest. I felt faint as sweat formed all over me.  Now I knew why Duke had
me relive it all.  He was doing it for Rocky's benefit and perverse
pleasure.

   And, I knew Rocky.  Christ, my father had taken me into Rocco's
Appliance Repair store on more than one occasion.  Shit, they even played
poker together now and then.  Oh, man, if Rocky ever told my dad . . . 
well, I didn't even want to think about that now.  And any fucking idea of
Duke sucking my dick just went out the old window.

   Rocky was a rough looking, muscular Italian guy, in his mid forties,
over 6' tall, and barrel-chested.  He was married to a little thing of a
woman that the other women called The Shrew.  She had absolutely no sense
of humor in her and had a face that resembled a mouse, or possibly, a rat.

   "Say hello to Rocky, my slave cocksucker." Duke said.  I stammered,
"Hell . . .  hell . . .  hello, Rock . . .  Rocky." Rocky laughed.  The
Duke laughed.  I didn't.

   Duke said, "The cat's got his tongue, Rock, but don't worry, it'll
loosen up when he's got a big Italian salami in his mouth." Rocky laughed.

   "Yeah, if it don't choke him!" he said to Duke.  And, then he said to
me, "You like big Italian salamis, cocksucker?" They both laughed.  Again,
I didn't, but I nodded.  It seemed the best thing to do.

   "Slave," Duke said to me.  "What's the rule you never break?" I knew
what he meant.  I said, my legs wobbly, "Do everything he tells me to do
and don't embarrass you." I was calmer now for I knew what was going to
occur.  I also felt sexual excitement welling up in me, especially in my
crotch area.  I started to get a hardon.  The Duke noticed.

   "Well, he's excited and all yours, Rock.  I'd love to stay and watch it
all, but I have to run some errands for the old man." Rocky thanked The
Duke and said he'd take real good care of his cocksucking slave.  Duke left
us and there I was, naked and alone with Rocky.

   Rocky rubbed his crotch area as he said, "I don't want to fuck you,
baby, that's for faggots to do, but I do want you to suck me off like you
did the old guy . . .  and how you just did it awhile ago to Duke.  OK?" I
nodded and said, "OK."

   "My wife's been up in the country for weeks now, so I've got a big load
of juice stored up.  Think you can take it all?" I nodded, not knowing what
else to do.  "Good." he said.  He rubbed his crotch some more and I could
see a large bulge beginning to form in his pants.  It looked humongous. 
Almost to his knee.

   "Now, come over here and get on your knees." I walked the few paces
between us and knelt, naked, before him.  He reached out and tilted my head
up toward him.

   "Let me feel that nice mouth of yours." With that he stuck a thumb into
my mouth and told me to suck on it.  I did, going up and down on it. 
"Oooh, suck it, baby, oooh, real hot, honey, your mouth is real hot!"

   As I sucked up and down on his fat thumb, he said, "My old lady won't
blow me no how, so I can tell you this is gonna be great for me.  I haven't
had a blow job since Ella moved out of town."

   I knew Ella.  They called her Ella, the Cellar Dweller.  All any guy
wanting a blowjob had to do was go around to her bedroom window and pull
the string she had connected to a little bell in her room.  If she was in,
she'd open the cellar door and you were in!

   Ella had sucked off just about every guy in the neighborhood.  Probably
including my father!  Who knows?  I do know she once sucked off 18 guys in
one evening, me included.  I was guy number four.  The Duke had set it all
up.

   Rocky pulled his thumb from my mouth and took off his pants.  He folded
them neatly and placed them on the couch.  Then, he said, "Take off my
shorts, baby!  Slowly!"

   I hooked a finger on each side of his boxers and slowly edged them down.
Man, was his crotch hairy!  A real mop of black hair.  Sticking out of this
mop was his thick penis.  It looked as if it had a hair coat on to keep it
from getting cold.  And, man, was his cock thick!  Even flaccid it looked
2" wide, maybe more.  I remembered his reference to an Italian salami and
pictured it with a condom on.  Put it in the deli window and it would sell
out in minutes.  He stepped out of his shorts and took off his T-shirt.  We
were both naked now, except for shoes.  We both still had our shoes and
socks on!

   His thick member got semi-hard as he grabbed it and wiggled it in front
of my face.  As he played with himself, he rubbed the cock's tip against my
lips, pushing it slightly past my lips and pressing into my teeth.  I could
feel an immense drop of pre-cum form, making my lips very sticky.

   As he worked his cockhead back and forth over my open lips, he said,
"Oooh, man, I'm gonna love this!" I opened my mouth to put my lips around
the head and take it in, but he pulled back.

   "Not yet, honey, I want to get him real hard first." He then told me to
fill my mouth with saliva and suck on his hairy balls.  I mustered up a
large mouthful of saliva and put my mouth on his nutsack.  Man, his balls
were hairy, too!  And large!  I had never seen balls this big.  Together,
they seemed as large as a grapefruit.  As I sucked his nuts, getting them
very wet, he slowly stroked his cock above my head.  He said, "Lick off the
tip!" I noticed a large blob of precum on the tip of his excited cock.  I
licked at it.  "Oooh, yeah, I'm gonna fuck your mouth something fierce!"

   I sucked on his nuts for a few more minutes getting them sticky with my
saliva.  He then pushed me away.  I saw that his cock was fully erect now.
And, it looked unreal!  Over 10" in length and as fat around as a woman's
wrist.  The head wasn't that pronounced, but it was long, even longer than
Duke's.  Probably 2-1/2" would be my guess.  His pee hole was very
pronounced, a deep cleft.  It reminded me of an inny belly button.

   I had sucked some big pricks before, but nothing like this.  He said,
"Ain't it a beauty?  I'll bet you can't swallow it all as easily as you did
Duke's!" Funny, but I remember thinking, how could his wife have such a
sour puss all the time when she had this thing to look forward to?

   He continued, "Tell you what, if you can take me down to my balls, as
you did Duke, I'll give you $5!" A challenge if ever there was one but, in
truth, I didn't think I could manage it.

   I took the base of his thick prick in my right hand, got a build up of
more saliva, and put my mouth on his the large, long cockhead.  Man, its
width was stretching my lips out.  I heard him say above me, "Gotta warn
you!  Poor Ella, who really knew how to suck cock, could only take half
before she was gagging up a storm.  Threw up on me one time, too." He
laughed, as if remembering the scene.

   Well, fella, I ain't no Ella!  I felt that lots of saliva might do the
trick, if anything would.  So, I kept coating his cock with my saliva. 
Even with the saliva, I felt like gagging each time the cockhead started
down my throat.  But, I was determined.

   It might choke me to death, but damn it, I was gonna deep-throat this
monster.  I concentrated real hard on suppressing my gag reflex.  In a
while, I had half of him in my mouth with two or three inches of his wide
cock actually down my throat.

   I relaxed and concentrated some more.  I pushed my mouth forward on his
dick.  Another inch.  Then, another.  Soon I had over 7" of his huge cock
in my mouth and down my throat.  In spite of an occasional retch, the
finish line was in sight.  All I had to do was go slowly and I'd be $5
richer.

   Rocky moaned.  "Holy shit, man, I think you're gonna do it!" Then, as if
to fuck me up, he rammed his full length down my throat, all ten plus
inches of it.  As my lips crashed against his pubic hairs I retched and
gagged up a storm.  Tears flooded my eyes and I felt as if I was about to
throw up any second.  Ella all over again.

   I tried to pull back for some relief, but he held my head firm with his
strong hands.  I concentrated very hard and somehow managed not to upchuck,
although my throat muscles were constantly twitching.  I felt impaled on
his massive piece of meat.

   He held me this way for a few minutes more.  Then, when he saw I wasn't
going to give in, or throw up, he let my head go.  For some air, I rushed
my mouth back up to the cockhead, then fully off of his cock.  "Sorry,
kid," he said.  "I don't know what got hold of me." Yeah, right, you cheap
fuck.  Doesn't want to pay the fiver.  I looked up at him, tears in both
eyes from choking.

   He had a pained, sort of guilty look on his face, as well he should.  He
said, as he picked his wallet out of his pants pocket, "Listen, kid, here's
the fiver.  No hard feelings.  OK?" I nodded.  "Now, I want you to do it
again, down to my balls, only this time I won't try to gag you.  OK?" I
nodded again.  "Good." he said.  "Now, get to it.  Take me all the way
down! Right to the fur!"

   I wiped the tears from my eyes and once again grabbed his cock's base.
It would be, I knew, as easy as shit now.  I had weathered the worst.  I
worked up some more saliva and took his cock back into my mouth.  I let the
saliva coat half his dick before pulling back, getting more saliva, and
then going down on it again.  I did this a couple times more before taking
the full 10" plunge.  Slowly, to be sure.

   As I neared his pubic hairs, I heard him say, "Man, you suck cock a
whole lot better than Ella.  Any day.  Oowee!  That feels great.  Oh, yeah,
suck it good, hon!"

   He was holding my head again, but this time he was gentler.  As I sucked
his humongous prick, deep-throating him on every third or fourth downward
stroke, I got an erection.  Man, his big prick sure felt fantastic in my
mouth.  I loved how it stretched my lips wide and made me feel totally
throated by it.

   With each downward movement I could feel the ropy veins on each side of
his dick bumping the sides of my mouth as I went over them.  I had never
felt so cock-mouthed full before.  I felt gorged on his cock.  And I loved
it.

   Without asking for permission, I started masturbating my raging hardon
with my left hand.  Hell, I needed release, too, after all this bullshit.
When he noticed, he said, "That's right, honey, you enjoy yourself, too.  I
like that."

   I knew I was getting close to popping my own nuts, so I worked his
cockhead really well.  I sucked like a champ.  With my eyes open, I could
see his entire prick just before it fully disappeared into my mouth and
down my throat.  I was trying to time our orgasms so we'd shoot off
together.  I think he sensed this for he started to mouth fuck me gently.
"Ooh, man, that is terrific!  Suck me, baby.  Take it all."

   Then he yelled, "Oh, God, I can't hold back!" I scooted up to where just
the head was in my mouth.  I wanted to taste it, not have it empty down my
throat.  At the same time, I wanked my cock real hard.  As I jerked off I
could feel his cock jerking and spasming, twitching like crazy.  I could
smell the musk coming from his balls.

   "Here it comes!" he yelled.  Rocky started moaning as he spurted into my
mouth.  I started moaning around his cock as I came my own load.

   It felt weird, as if I was somehow coming into my own mouth, in a
circular fashion.  He came a bucket of cum, thick and, I swear, it even had
lumps in it.  He moaned louder as he shot burst after burst into my hot
mouth, his legs wobbling.

   I moaned louder, too, as I swallowed and swallowed his hot sperm while I
unloaded my own.  I could smell the hot muskiness of his cum as he spurted
into my mouth.  Then, I vacuumed sucked his cock completely dry for a few
minutes.

   As his cock softened up, he pulled it from my mouth and looked down at
me.  I was licking my lips and still swallowing, tasting the saltiness and
acidity of it all.

   "That was," he said, "the best fucking blowjob I ever had!  No fucking
lie!  You are good, baby.  One helluva cocksucker!" He smiled at me, so I
smiled back.  Then, he said, "Tell me, aside from my trying to gag you, did
you enjoy it, too?" He looked sincere.

   "Yes, Rocky, I did.  It was really good." And, if truth be known, I had
enjoyed it . . .  immensely.  And, for sure, I hoped we'd be doing it again
some time.  He must have read my mind.

   "Good.  Next time I'll be gentler with you.  And, speaking of next time,
Duke told me I could have your cocksucking services any time I wanted. 
That OK with you?"

   "Yeah, Rocky, if Duke said it was cool, it's OK by me.  Just arrange it
with Duke."

   "Well, I'll do that, for the "now and then" stuff, but I want to set up
a regular weekly thing, too.  My repair shop is closed on Wednesdays from 3
to 5 pm, so we could get together then.  OK?" I nodded and said, "If it's
OK with Duke."

   "Oh, he's already given me the OK on that.  So, we're all set then? 
Each Wednesday at 3 pm?"

   "Sure, Rocky.  Each Wednesdays at 3."

   "And, who knows?  I just might change my mind about fucking a guy.  You
do have a nice tight looking ass on you.  Cuter than that old bag I'm stuck
with." He spun me around for a better look-see.

   "Yeah, I can picture fucking it!" Then, he added, "Do you think your ass
could take my big prick in it?" I noticed he was getting hard again just
thinking about it.  "I think so, Rocky, if we grease me real well, that
is."

   He laughed.  "Oh, don't worry, we'll lube you up real fine." He looked
at the clock and I thought he was going to split.  He didn't.  He had other
plans.  I thought he was going to fuck me then and there, but I was wrong.
He wasn't up for that yet.

   "I want to shoot in your mouth again.  OK?" Surprised at his rapid
recovery, I nodded and got to my knees again in front of him.  Here we go
again, I thought.  But he had other plans.

   He turned his back to me and said, "Now, I want you to lick my asshole
while I whack off.  Duke told me you like to do that.  Then, when it's
ready to shoot, open your mouth up and take it all.  OK?" I looked up at
him and nodded.  "No one, but no one, has ever licked my asshole, but I've
always fantasized about it.  You don't mind doing it, do you?  Duke said
you would do it if I asked."

   "I'll do it, Rocky, if you like." I reached out and spread his ass
cheeks.  His very hairy brown hole appeared.  I buried my face into the
warm crack and started tonguing his ass hole.  He moaned as he jacked off.
"Oh, that feels great!  Lick me good, honey." I licked and licked, driving
my tongue into his hole.  At some point he whirled around and I knew it was
time to open my mouth.

   "I wanna see it go off in your mouth!" he said.  He placed the tip of
his cock on my tongue just as it blasted off.  The first two powerful
spurts hit the back of my throat.  This was followed by his cum bubbling up
and dribbling all over my tongue.  Some of it slid off my tongue onto the
floor.  "Oh, baby, oh, baby, oh, God!  Yes!" he said as he unloaded.

   Then, he put his cock a few inches into my mouth and told me to look up
at him.  I complied.  He looked sweaty from the effort he had put out.

   He cradled my head gently in his hands and said, "You look beautiful
with my big prick in your mouth and my sperm all over your lips.  Taste
good, darling?" I nodded.  His use of the word darling surprised me.

   "Shit,"he said.  "I don't ever remember being this fucking horny!  I've
shot twice, and, if I could, I'd shoot again!  Oh, well, we'll save it for
another day.  OK?" I nodded again.  He pulled his cock out of my mouth and
reached for his pants.  He put them on and came over to me.  I stood there
still totally naked.

   Then, he surprised the living shit out of me!  He put a hand on my ass,
fingered my hole a bit, and kissed me!  And, I mean kissed me!  A tongues
dueling kind of kiss.  You could have knocked me over with a feather!  He
kissed me for what seemed a long time before placing his head against my
ears and neck.  He then licked my ears and neck and said, "You tell anyone
we did this, even Duke, and I'll kill you!  Got that?  It better be our
little secret.  OK?"

   "Mum's the word, Rocky, for sure.  Count on it.  I won't breathe a word
to a soul."

   "Good!" he said and then kissed me a good one again.  Then, he said,
"Listen.  My wife's away and since I'm so fucking horny, I want to get
together with you later on tonight.  I'll clear it with Duke.  You be at my
shop right after dinner, say 8 pm?"

   "Sure, Rocky, whatever you say." He kissed me once more and then
whispered in my ear, "Gotta go and buy me some Vaseline." He laughed. 
"Because I got a strong feeling I'm going to fuck you good tonight!  Hell,
I know I'm gonna fuck you!  And, it'll be my first time fucking a guy." I
believed him.  Then an idea hit me.

   "Rocky, would it be too much trouble for you to pick up an enema kit,
too?  I think if I'm cleaned out good it will be better for both of us." He
grinned and said it would be no problem.

   I sensed he wanted to leave, but something seemed to be stopping him
from doing so.  As if more words were somehow necessary just to make sure
we understood each other and to make sure I didn't have a wrong impression
of him.

   "Listen, kid.  I ain't no faggot.  Got that?  But my wife ain't that
good in the sack, if you get my drift.  And you suck cock real well.  And .
. .  "

   "Rocky, I know you ain't a fag.  Shit, you're a married man!  If you
want the truth, and you may not believe this, I'm not a fag, either.  I
just like getting it on with a guy.  And, I enjoy sex.  Duke broke me in
and I didn't think I'd like it at first, but now I do.  It's no big deal."

   "Yeah, you got it.  Just two guys enjoying themselves.  No harm in that,
is there?" He sounded as if he was trying to sell himself on the idea.

   "None whatsoever." I said.  Then, to change the subject, I added, "Plus
I do want to see if I can take that monster cock of yours up my ass!" He
laughed just as we heard Duke opening the trap door to the clubhouse.  He
whispered in my ear, "See you at 8, darling!" I nodded, again surprised at
his use of the word darling.

   "Duke," Rocky said, "I have something to ask you about."

   I was at Rocky's shop at ten minutes to eight.  Rocky had the Closed
sign on the door.  He let me in and led me to his office in the back.  He
wasted no time getting me naked, cleaned out with the enema, and all lubed
up.  As I watched him undress I knew I wanted him to fuck me something
fierce.  The idea of a cock that big really turned me on.  I knew he would
have no trouble getting me to spurt while fucking me, and I was looking
forward to it.  If I could take him, that is.

   Naked now, he came over to me and took me into his arms.  With both his
hands on my ass he kissed me.  It felt wonderful.  I took his cock into my
hand and played with it, feeling it stiffen.  Then, he surprised me.  He
put his hand on my cock, too!  We played with each other's beginning
erections for a while, and then he whispered in my ear.

   "What I want to do," he said, his hot breath bathing my earlobe, "is
fuck your ass real good and then suck you off." I didn't think I heard him
right.  He wanted to suck my cock?  As if reading my mind again, he said,
"Why not?  I'm game for new things.  Would you like it if I sucked you off
after fucking you?"

   "Oh, yeah, I'd love it!" I couldn't believe it, but I wouldn't question
it.  "But," he said.  "I don't want you to shoot it in my mouth.  You tell
me when you're gonna spurt and I'll finish you off with my hand.  OK?" I
said OK.  He then kissed me many more times, kneading my ass, fingering it,
and fondling my prick.

   Then, he surprised me further by dropping to his knees and taking my 7"
hardon into his mouth.  Man, his mouth felt hot!  And very wet.  As I
looked at the top of his head bobbing up and down, I couldn't believe what
was happening.

   He worked his mouth up and down my cock taking a good two-thirds in.  He
reached around with both hands and grabbed onto my ass cheeks and pulled me
towards him.  Unbelievably, I watched my entire 7" disappear into his mouth
and down his throat.  He was deep-throating me!  While holding my ass
cheeks.  Man, you never ever know, do you?

   He'd then go back to the head and . . .  swoosh . . .  right down to my
pubes.  Shit, I was gonna pop!  "Rocky!  I'm close to going off!" I yelled.
He ignored me and continued sucking.  "Rocky!  Stop!  It's gonna shoot!" I
yelled even louder.  I knew he heard that, but he didn't stop and wouldn't
let go of my ass cheeks.  As I tried to pull back away from him, he pulled
me firmly back into him.

   "Sorry, Rocky," I said.  "But I can't hold back!" I let loose a cum
barrage, spurt after spurt after spurt.  I heard him gurgle as he swallowed
my juice.  And, still he sucked me and forced my ass toward him.  And, he
sucked some more, totally draining my dick.  It was, probably because it
was so unexpected, one of the best blowjobs I had ever had.

   He took his mouth off my cock and looked up at me, sheepishly.  "Guess I
lied about not swallowing.  I don't know what came over me, but it seemed
if I didn't swallow it, the whole thing would have been incomplete
somehow." He audibly swallowed.  "And, you know, it don't taste all that
bad!" He laughed, so I did, too.

   The world seemed full of surprises that night.  Then, another surprise.
He reached out, took my dick in his hand and kissed it!  "I love you!" he
said to my cock.  "I love you, I love you, I love you." I wonder where he
got that line from?

   He stood up and said, "Darling, you ready for the fucking of your life?"
I said I was.  He went to the couch and I soon learned it opened into a
bed. We got onto the bed and he told me to suck his cock a bit to get him
fired up.  I complied.

   Soon, he was ready, his large cock pointing straight up at the ceiling.
"On your back, baby, and pull your legs up." I got into position and he
went between my legs.  I hadn't noticed how he had done it, but he had the
jar of Vaseline with him.  He lubed his cock up good.

   He then probed my asshole with his cockhead, pushing in as he did so. 
The first inch was the hardest.  My damn sphincter wouldn't cooperate.  I
forced myself to totally relax and at the same time, get ready for pain. 
And, the pain sure came!  As he pushed in another inch or so, I yelled out,
as my asshole stretched beyond belief.  "Ow!"

   "Hold it a second, Rocky." I said.  "Let me relax a bit." He stopped
pushing inward.

   "OK," I said.  "Try again." He did, slowly and gently, an inch at a
time. It hurt, but there was also immense pleasure, too.  Finally, he got
tired of fooling around.  He just rammed the whole fucking dick into me! 
Wham!  I felt him slam against my ass cheeks.  I thought I'd faint, but he
was in me fully now and there was no turning back.

   I had both of my legs resting on his shoulders.  He pushed them aside
and got fully on top of me, his barrel chest pressing close to me.

   "Wrap your legs around my back!  he ordered.  I complied and it seemed
to lessen the pain.  He then started fucking me, slowly, deliberately, in
and out, all 10 of him.

   I wrapped my arms around him and stroked his back, running my finger
nails up and down his spine.  "Kiss me, darling." he said.  I found his
mouth and we kissed and moaned into each other's mouths as we fucked.  I
felt the spittle from our kiss drip down the sides of my mouth.  I felt my
raging woody pressed hard against his crushing, sweaty stomach.

   Now, I had been with a ton of guys, but this time was different.  The
feel of his body as he fucked me was getting to me.  Touching something
feminine inside of me.  I felt . . .  wifely!  Girlish!  Like a wanton
whore!  It was the closest I'd ever come to having my asshole feel like a
woman's pussy.  Although I still felt like a straight arrow, I knew he had
touched something quite gay in me.  I responded by something I'd yet to do
with anyone.  I worked my asshole muscles around his cock in an attempt to
increase our mutual pleasure.

   This had a profound effect on Rocky.  He was now fucking me slowly,
deliberately, and passionately.  As he would his wife, I imagined.

   "I love you fucking me, Rocky!" I said.  He must have misunderstood, for
he said, "And, I love you, too, darling!" He then abruptly stopped his
fucking.  He looked me straight in the eyes and said, "You heard me right.
We're now lovers!  We ain't gonna get married and pick out furniture, or
nothing like that, but I want you as my part time wife.  OK?" I said OK. 
Our parameters had been established.

   He proceeded to fuck me some more and then whispered in my ear.  "Tell
me you love me, too!" It felt weird, but it also seemed called for.  "I
love you, Rocky, I love you." He stopped fucking me once more.

   "Listen.  I know you have sex with other men to get Duke pocket money,
and I'm sure as shit not the jealous type, but you don't tell them you love
them, do you?"

   "No, Rocky, never." It was the truth.

   "Good.  Keep that reserved for me.  For us.  OK?" I said OK.  This
pleased him.

   He went back to fucking me.  His new man-wife.  And, what a fuck it was!
I was clinging to him with arms and legs like some woman who hadn't seen
her man in years.  His big, unreal cock had me going through pain and
pleasure.  Our joint sweat was pouring out all over the place.  The bed was
squeaking along with our movements.

   Then, it happened!  I started spurting!  Washing both our bellies with
it.  A second later, he came.  The heat of it burning my insides.

   We lie like that for a while.  Then, he lifted himself off and surprised
me some more.  He licked my cum off of my stomach!  "Yummy!" was all he
said, my cum still unswallowed.  Then, he kissed me again, spitting some of
my cum into my mouth.  We swapped it back and forth until it disappeared
completely.

   Then, he flopped back onto the bed and drew me to him.  He held me in
his strong arms and said, "That was fantastic!  I have never shot like that
before.  And, your ass is so wonderfully tight!  Oh, God, how great it
was."

   He tilted my head up and kissed me again.  A warm, hot kiss.  A kiss
only two men can know.  I knew I'd never really be able to love him, but
the fantasy of it all was good enough for me.  Then, he surprised me again.

   "Let's rest a bit and then I want you to fuck me!" Whoa, man, is this
heaven?

   I joked, "Do you think we have enough Vaseline left over?"

   "Hell, if we don't, we'll buy more!  In fact, I might start buying it by
the case to get the discount!" We both laughed.  Then, again as if he read
my mind, he said, "Look.  In truth, I can't really love a guy.  But it's
fun to pretend, you know?" I said I knew and I felt the same way.  "Good.
We have an agreement."

   Did I fuck him that night?  Yes, doggy style.  Was it good?  Fucking A!
Did we ever get together after that?  Every Wednesday and "here and there"
. . .  for years!

   And I started swallowing his piss, too.  On one occasion, when Rocky
mentioned he had to piss before he could cum, I offered my mouth to him. 
He was surprised, but he took me up on it.  After that, it became a regular
occurrence.  And, now and then, Rocky would swallow my piss, too.  His "try
anything attitude" was obviously appreciated by me.

   Sometimes, not often, we'd take turns pissing in each other's mouths. 
We'd then do a piss-kiss, which I found very enjoyable.  And Rocky swore
he'd never tell The Duke; he never did.

   I went into the Navy and we only got together on an occasional shore
leave of mine.  But after discharge from the service, although I had gotten
married, we still saw each other every Wednesday.  Come rain or shine.

   Rocky and his shrew wife eventually split up and he married a real sweet
gal named Brenda.  She always had a smile on her face!  But, even with both
of us married, we still did each Wednesday.  For more than 20 years, until
he up and died of cancer.

   Wherever you are, Rocky, I love you.  Even though we never did pick out
that furniture together!

   And, Duke, you son of a bitch you . . .  thanks.  I don't know your
motives for playing it the way you did, but I do know my life was greatly
enriched the day Rocky came out of your closet and into my arms!

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  3) Rocky lovin'!  
