The incident that I am going to tell you happened 2 years ago that I
will never forget.

Let me first introduce myself, I am 20 living in Pakistan, Karachi.
My name is Jimi,it my nick name. My dad works in Arab. I live with
my mother.

It was Saturday, a weekend in Pakistan and my birthday too. It was my
18th. I was sitting in the kitchen looking at my mother. She was
preparing breakfast.

She was 39. She had a gorgeous body; she stood 5 and a half feet
tall, stunning round ass, and a pair of perfectly shaped stans. She
had everything that a man would like to have in her lady.

She said to me as she turned to set the plates on the
table "Jimmi..." that's what she called me." Yes mother." I replied.
She handed me my omelet and sat opposite to me "Today is your
birthday... so what gift do you want from me."

I thinked for a motherent and then pointed towards her boobs. Of
course I was joking. She was a little shocked but soon she realized
that I was joking.

There was a silence in the kitchen for a motherent. I was afraid that
my joke was bad. But she broke the ice, "What is special in my
stans." she said. This time I was shocked, I was not expecting this
kind of reply from her. "I mean I am going to be 40 year old next
year. What do you like in such an old lady? Boys at your age are
usually mad after the girls in their colleges."

I was still in the state of shock but I buttered out "Mother its not
that I don't like girls of my age but you the most beautiful woman I
have ever seen and you don't seem to be 40 next year but I think that
you would be 30 next year." In reply she just smiled at me.

After the breakfast I went to my friend's house to complete a science
project. I returned from his house in the evening. I got ready for
the birthday party.

It was a great party, everyone enjoyed it especially the food that
mother had cooked. Mother was looking stunning in the party. I got a
lot of presents. The party ended around 1 am.

Mother changed herself into a bathing robe to make her comfortable
while I lied on the sofa in the lounge watching TV. I was switching
through the channels that mother came and sat beside me.

I said to her "Mother what have you bought for me. I didn't receive
your gift yet."

"So you want your gift." she said to me. Then she brought her hands
to the collars of her robe and let it fall beside her." Here is your
gift. Play as long as you wish."

She wasn't wearing a bra under the robe. The only thing on her body
was a cotton panty. I couldn't believe that it was happening in
reality or it was just a dream.

I cupped her right stan and sahalaaya it. A aaah of pleasure escaped
her mouth. She dropped her head back in pleasure. I placed my mouth
on her left tit and began to suck her. I sucked it real hard. Then I
cupped her both titties and burrowed my face in it and began to suck
her choochees one by one. "Yeah suck it hard. Jim bite it yeah, yeah
chew it." All this made me hornier.

She slipped her one hand in her ch**t and began to finger fu*k
herself. I didn't dare to put my hand in her panties because I
thought she would become angry. After some time her body stiffened
and shook and she came violently. She grabbed the cushions and let
out a loud aaah.

"Thank you Jim thank you." she said breathlessly. Her stans were all
wet by my saliva. She cupped her stan and licked it to taste her
son's saliva. "Mother..." I asked. "Yes priye." she replied. "What is
my gift's size?" She chooma on my lips lightly. "48D" she replied.

By now my la*ra was hard as rock. She noticed but I didn't bother to
hide it. I stood up and headed towards bathroom. Mother asked me
where I was going. I replied her "Mother now I want to relive
myself."

"Priye, as you have given me such a wonderful orgasm, I think now its
my duty to relive you."

"Come and sit on the couch." She ordered. I did as I was ordered.

She stood up and kneeled in front of me. As she stood up she got rid
of the robe which was still hanging with her kamar, now the only
piece of cloth on her body was a white cotton panty.

She unhooked the buckle the belt and unbuttoned my jeans. She pulled
my pants and my underwear down to my ankle in a single move. My 8"
la*ra stood straight to salute her beauty. She chooma the head of my
la*ra which was oozing precum. As she chooma it I felt an electric
shock ran through my body.

"Wow. You are bigger than your father." was her comment as she saw my
tool. Then unbelievably she took the whole thing in her mouth at once
and started working on it. With one hand she was holding it and with
the other hand she was exploring her son's ass. I was aaahing loudly.

After few minutes of great blow job I told her that I was about to
cum. She said "Yes cum in my mouth. cum in mother's mouth. Yeah fill
your mother's mouth with your hot cum." As I reached my orgasm I
grabbed her hair and started to fu*k her mouth violently. She
inserted a finger in my ass hole and at the same motherent I shot my
load in her mouth. She swallowed some of it and let the rest of it
drop of her mouth on her stans.

I was not finished I shot some more on her face and hair. She looked
damn sexy in that situation. She licked all my cum from her face and
stans. "Mmmmm.... You are so tasteful." Then for the first time she
chooma me open mouth letting me taste my own juice. I darted my
tongue in her mouth and explored her sweet mouth. Our tongues played
with each other.

Then she got up and went to her bathroom to clean herself. When she
came back she was wearing the robe. "So how was my gift." she
asked. "Great." was my answer. I was disappointed because I thought
after the blow-job she would let me fu*k her.

However I knew I would soon get a chance to be in her. "OK Jimmi you
had your present now brush your teeth and go to bed." I gathered my
clothes and went to bed but before that I masturbated again.

It was 3 am in the morning when I went to sleep so the next day I
woke up late. It was 1 pm when I woke up next day. I went downstairs.
Mother was in the kitchen washing the dishes from the party. She was
wearing the same robe. Seeing I remembered my gift so I went quietly
and grabbed her boobs from behind. She was scared from the sudden
action of mine.

"Jimmi its all over now." she said loudly. "Mother but these
beautiful titties are mine also because you gave it to me as a gift
on my birthday. And gifts are not taken back. Besides I am only
touching your tits, not your ch**t or other sexual sensitive parts."
I said in a single breath. "But..."she tried to say some thing."No
buts mother..." I said cutting her sentence. She knew that I am a
debater in the college and she can't win it with me. So she gave
under my wish.

Then I opened her robe and cupped her tits. This time she was wearing
a bra. As I took my hands to her back to undo her bra she said "Jimmi
hold on. Not now I am working now. Go to my room I would be there as
I finished my work." I left her and went to her room and waited for
her.

She came after half an hour only in her panties. As she was about to
climb the bed I stopped her and requested her to perform a strip
tease dance for me. She licked my idea and told me to go out of her
room while she got ready. She called me in nearly after 45 minutes.
She took a long time to get ready but she also utilized the time
fully. She was looking damn sexy. I bet anyone would have an erection
only by seeing her.

She had used the makeup perfectly. Red lipstick and nail polish. She
had used a long silk robe to cover herself. I lied on the bed and
took my la*ra in my hand and began to stroke it because I wanted to
fully enjoy the dance. She put on a soft romantic music, closed the
curtains of the window and turned on a dim light to make the
situation more beautiful then she started to dance.

First she let the robe fell behind her. She was wearing a white see
through shirt and tight jeans shorts and a pair of high heel shoes.
As she danced she started to open her buttons of her shirt. When all
the buttons were opened she took a 360 degree turn and threw of the
shirt. I whistled to encourage her.

Her bra was very tight and her big water melons suffocating in it.
Then she showed me some real sexy dance moves in which her stans
bounced to and fro. She brought her hands down and unhooked her jeans
shorts which were lying on the floor the next second.

Now my own mother was in front of me only in her panties and bra
which were barely hiding her body. My la*ra was saluting her beauty.
She leaned forward and chooma the head on my la*ra. Then she took her
hands back and released the hook of her bra which was thrown forward
by the pressure of her boobs.

"Ok Jimmi its over. Now come and have your gift." She said. "But
mother, your panties, you also have to put off your panties." I
requested. "Jim... I gave you my boobs as a gift not my ch**t." she
said strictly. "Mother please... let me only see it. I wouldn't touch
it. I promise. Please mother...." I requested her. "Jim but I am you
mother. You should not be seeing your mother's ch**t. Its not right."
she said trying to put an end to this.

"But mother you are also enjoying it. See your panties there is a wet
spot on it." I said. She was embarrassed. "Mother only for this time.
Pleaseeee...." I said to her. "Ok only for this time and you are only
going to see it not touch it." she replied. "Wow!" I said fisting in
the air.

Now she turned around so that I was facing her back. She put her
thumbs in her panty and very teasingly and very slowly pulled it
down. She placed her hands on her ass cheeks and parted it so that I
could have a clear view. She bent down in such a way that she was
seeing me between her legs.

"Mother would you please climb on the bed so that I could have a good
look." I said to her. She did as she was told. Then she slowly turned
around and her nicely shaped ch**t came in view for the first time.
Wow what a scene it was. It was totally clean, not a single hair on
it. Then she parted her ch**t lips with her hand. Her ch**t was
totally wet and it was dripping heavily.

I brought my nose close to her ch**t and smelled. It was the sweetest
smell I had ever smelled.

"Thanks mother, you are the best mother in this whole world." I said
to her. "No prblem honey." she said "Mother... could you do me
another favour?" I asked her. "Yes priye." she replied. "Please sit
down in front of me while I jack off myself."

"Sure." she replied.

I started rubbing my la*ra but it was hurting me as there was a lot
of friction. Mother realised it and took my la*ra in her mouth to wet
it. After a few minutes off jacking I came and shot on her stans,
abdomen and few shots landed on her ch**t. She smiled at me as she
liked the idea of cumming all over her. Then she licked her clean.

"Jimmi..." she said to me. "Yes mother." I replied. "You have made
made me hot and I also want to be relieved.... so could you please
eat.... eat my pp.. ch**t..." she said hesitatingly.

I knew she would say it and I was the happiest man on the Earth at
that time. "But mother first you have to take your promise back." I
said to her hidin my happiness. She immediately accepted it.

She laid on the bed with her legs open inviting me. I first sahalaaya
her ch**t with my finger and pushed it in her. She was tight as she
had not been fu*ked in years.

"Mother you are tight." I asked her.

" Yes.. doctor had told your father to havenot sex for atleast 3
years." she replied. Then I inserted my second finger and then the
third one. She was aaahing widly and saying that "Yes Yes fu*k your
mothers ch**t. Faster faster... insert more fingers. Aaaahhhh
aaaaaaaahhhhhh aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh."

When I realised that she was about to cum I took out my fingers out
and placed my mouth on her ch**t and darted my tounge in her. She was
not able to take any more of this and came releasing a flood of her
ove juices.

I opened my mouth and tried to take it all in my mouth, but it was
impossible. I didn't drink it but motioned her to kiss me and take
some her juices in her mouth. She did as I told her. She climbed over
me and chooma me open mouth. I pushed some of the juice in her mouth.

After having a mouthful of her love juice she told me "You have made
your mother real hot. You little devil. I hadn't any sex for 2 years
and your father can't also fu*k for at least one more year and you
have made your mother so hot that she can't ever wait for one second.
So your own mother wants you to extinguish the fire which you have
lit up in her ch**t."

I couldn't believe it. I thought I was dreaming, my own mother was
saying me to fu*k her. "But you have to make a promise to me that you
wouldn't tell anyone which is going to happen in between us or will
happen in future." mother said to me with sencierety.

"I promise." I replied as quick as I could.

I would like to clear something here that I am writting this with my
mother's permission and the names have been changed.

Hearing my answer mother pushed me down and kissing me wildly. For
the first time she chooma me without any hesitation. We chooma for
almost 20 to 25 minutes in which we explored every bit of each others
body.

Then she lied down and opened her legs indicating that she was ready
for the final step. I needed no more indications and without wasting
time I placed a pillow under her ass to lift up her ch**t. I placed
throbbing cork on her intrance and looked in her eyes asking for the
last time. She motioned me yes.

I pushed my cork slowly in her because I knew she was not fu*ked for
2 years and she would feel some pain. I was going in the same way
from which I came out. Thinking like this made me more hornier.

When I was totally in her then I gathered some pace and began to move
faster and faster. For the first few minutes she felt pain but then
she got used to it and started using dirty language. She was
saying "Yeah fu*k your mother's ch**t, cum in her. Yeah fu*k this
bitch fasted and zor zor se. Cum in my ch**t make me pregnant. I want
to be mother of my grand children. Yessss aaaaaaahhhhhhhh..."

This made me even hornier and after few minutes I exploded filling
her womb with my hot cum. She also came at the same time.





