Boyd and me

My stepfather was out but he wasn't down!

   Edited by Lance Vargas

   (Mg, inc, nc, cons)

----

Editor's note: I sometimes wonder what drives people to write
down memories like this, but I'm thankful they do. Old diskettes
with simple to find hidden files yield some amazing finds! This
one took a lot of editing to make readable, but the spirit of the
episode is still very vibrant. Enjoy!

----

   "So what happened?" I asked anxiously as Mom and Aunt Lynda
helped Boyd through the door.

   "I told you on the phone, he pulled his back on the tennis
court.  Just dropped like a rock, umph," Mom grunted holding my
step-dad under his arm as he unsteadily lumbered toward the sofa.

   "Why is he all bandaged?"

   "His knee and elbow hit the court pretty hard," Aunt Lynda
volunteered. "He's had a CAT scan, and everything looks ok, so
nothing's broken.  But the doc gave him a pretty strong muscle
relaxer, so he's about to go out like a light."

   "He doesn't look like he's hurting much," I piped.

   "You should have seen him in the CAT scan!  It was hilarious!"
Aunt Lynda giggled.

   "LYNDA!" Mom scolded, and Aunt Lynda was silent.  I knew
better than to ask what happened in the CAT scan.

   Instead I switched gears, "And what about Grandma?"

   "Your aunt and I are planning to go to Wysdale as soon as we
can.  Her hip's not broken, but she's in a bad way.'

   "Wait!" I yell, "Who's staying here with me?"

   "Well, Boyd's not going anywhere.  The doctor shot him full of
meds and told us to get him home as soon as we could." Mom
replied.  "If he does wake up just give him some of these." She
held up a small bottle.

   "He can have three at a time if he needs it.  Lyn, we need to
get going. Let me pack a few things." Mom said as she hurried out
the room.

   "Pack?  How long are you going to stay at Grandmas?  And Gabe
was going to come over tonight?" I cried.

   "Lisa, listen," Mom turned and looked at me sternly.  "You
know your grandmother is very sick, and I have no idea what we'll
have to do.  Now I don't want to have to worry about you, and I
told you that Gabe cannot be here when nobody's home."

   I turned sideways and waved my hand at Boyd laying motionless
on the sofa, "I'm not exactly alone, am I?"

   "You know what I mean," she said in a huff.  "I need to change
him into something more comfortable.  Those shorts are going to
cut off his circulation."

   I heard Aunt Lynda giggle a little bit, and when Mom left the
room she walked over to me.

   "I'm telling you, he put on a show in radiology," she sort of
whispered to me.

   "What do you mean?" I looked at her puzzled.

   "Well, he was already shot up pretty good with what looked
like good meds because he was feeling no pain.  And then he had
gave him this injection when he was on the CAT scan table and
told him that he might be a little stimulated.  I know your Mom
didn't understand what he said but I sure did because I remember
when I had my CAT scan last year.  Sure enough his cute little
white pants started getting pretty tight."

   "What?" I tried to comprehend.

   "He got excited!"

   "Oh, gross!  Don't tell me anymore," I yelled walking away
from her. But she just loved to tease me.

   "Oh, it was massive!  Look, it still is!" she laughed
gesturing to poor unconscious Boyd.

   I didn't look.  I really was grossed out.  But I know Aunt
Lynda looked! Oh she looked all right.

   Mom and Dad divorced around the same time Aunt Lynda and Uncle
Will got divorced.  Mom met Boyd just a few months later, and
Aunt Lynda was very jealous.  Aunt Lynda's a few years younger
than Mom and Boyd is a few years younger than Aunt Lynda!  So
yeah, Mom got the young stud, and Aunt Lynda's still playing the
field.  I know more than a few times I saw Aunt Lynda trying to
come on to Boyd before he and Mom married.

   But once they tied the knot she gave up on him completely.  At
least I think she did.  Now she's being a voyeur, and I think
it's sick.

   Then I started thinking about my boyfriend, Gabe.  We were
supposed to go out tonight, but now I have to call him and
explain things.

   Mom came back in the room with her bags and a robe, and she
asked us to leave the room while she changed Boyd.  I was happy
to, but Aunt Lynda asked if she needed any help.

   "Not your kind of help," Mom laughed, and she shoo'ed us away.

   "I'm serious," Aunt Lynda tells me in the kitchen, "I just
wanted to help."

   "Well, I sure don't," I pouted.

   "When you grow up you will," Aunt Lynda said somewhat
seriously.

   "OK, you can come back in," we heard Mom yell at us.

   We both walked into the living room, and Boyd was now curled
up on the sofa in a robe.

   "What's under the robe?" joked my aunt.

   "LYNDA!" shouted my mother.

   Aunt Lynda just laughed.

   I did not want to know what was under the robe.  In fact if I
had a TV in my room I wouldn't have stayed in the living room. 
Then I looked around.

   "Hey, why don't you just put him your bedroom?" I asked. 
"He's all over the sofa, and I want to watch TV."

   "Just sit in his chair," replied Mom.

   "You can't see it good from his chair, and your chair is way
over there," I said pointing to the other side of the room.  No,
Boyd was sleeping in prime TV watching area.

   "Oh come on, there's room for you on the sofa.  He's not
taking up everything," Mom reprimanded me.

   "But still, why can't he sleep in his own bed?" I whined
again.

   "You want to drag him to his bed?" Mom shouted putting an end
to the argument.

   I huffed, crossed my arms and dropped on the sofa.  Mom walked
into the laundry room with the pile of clothes in her arms.

   She came back in the room, leaned over and kissed me on the
forehead. "Be a good girl.  I'll tell Grandma you said hi.  And
please call me if you have any problems at all with him.  He
should sleep for the next 12 to 14 hours the doctors said.  He'll
probably be in pain, too, so don't forget the pills.  You know
the routine.  Cookie jar."

   She picked up her bags and she and Aunt Lynda walked out the
door.

   Cookie jar.  That's where Mom kept money for pizza and stuff
when I stayed home alone.

   Now it was just me and a half-dead guy watching TV in the
living room. My life sucks.

   I finally grabbed my cell phone and texted Gabe what was going
on.

   I almost jumped out of my skin when my phone rang!  It was
Gabe.

   "Hi, Baby," I sang into the phone.

   "Your step-dad's home?  What do you mean?" Gabe sounded
pissed.

   "It's like I said, Baby," I tried cooing, "He hurt himself so
he's asleep on the couch.  But you can still come over. 
Pleeeeeeeease?"

   "Oh yeah," he sniped, "Me and you and your old man ought to
have a nice time.  I'll think about it and let you know."

   He hung up.

   I was upset because he sounded upset.  Gabe had been away at
the baseball tournament since Thursday, and I missed him soooo
much.  Tonight was supposed to be our special "reunion" evening.
I got wet just thinking about it!  I felt that tingle in between
my legs when I woke up this morning knowing I would see him
tonight!  But I didn't dare touch myself! I wanted Gabe to do
that!

   Now it looks like I'll be unsatisfied for a little while
longer, and I was mad.

   I looked at Boyd just laying like a lump next to me.  I
punched him on the shoulder yelling "Go to your own bed!" hoping
he would wake up.  He didn't react at all.  It made me even
madder.

   I watched a little bit of Project Runway that I DVRed, but I
really wasn't paying too much attention.  I was thinking about
Gabe, and I have to admit that I was getting horny.

   When the doorbell range my first thought was "pizza's here,"
but then I remembered I hadn't even ordered any pizza.  So I was
puzzled about who was there.

   When I looked through the peephole my stomach did a flip!  It
was Gabe!

   I flung the door open and jumped into his arms kissing him all
over.  He tried kissing me back, but I was too fast and he
couldn't keep up with me.

   "Ohhhhh, I missed you sooo much," I was almost crying.

   He just laughed and said "I can see that!"

   "Come on inside," I said grabbing him by the arm.  We got as
far as the end of the foyer when he stopped.

   "I can't do nothin' with your step-dad in there," he said.

   "But he's out like a light," I replied rubbing his chest and
unbuttoning a button.

   "No, really," he said, "there's no way, Lees."

   "Oh come on!  I really need you," and I grabbed for his
crotch, but he was right because he was still soft.

   "Oh shit, Gabe, baby, please.  I want it so bad, Darling," I
whined.

   He put his hand between my legs, and it felt like a lightening
bolt straight to my heart.

   "Listen, we need to do a rain check.  I promise I'll make it
up to you. And I'm really, really tired right now.  I promise
I'll call you tomorrow," and he kissed me.

   I tried sticking my tongue between his lips but he broke off
the kiss too quickly.  He ran his hand again under my crotch, and
I almost doubled over from the intensity.

   Like that he walked out the door leaving me a hot mess!  I was
at the same time very angry with him and horny as hell.

   I think I was more pissed off than horny though because I let
out a very loud huff and spun and marched back to the sofa.

   Dropping back on the sofa I didn't care if I sat on Boyd's
stupid head or not.  I was just so mad at Gabe now I was about to
text him something bad.

   I had left my phone in the foyer, so I just let it go.

   I unpaused the DVR and watched a little more of my show, but I
really had no idea of what was going on nor any interest in it
anymore.  After a little while my anger subsided, but that's a
bad thing, because then I started feeling horny again.

   Grabbing the remote I started flipping through the channels. 
Yeah, up to the thousands, that's where they are.  All the light
porn stuff was listed and I started reading the titles.  Each
title was a little raunchier than the one before it, and now I
was in full blown horny.

   I finally picked one, but I don't remember which.  Didn't
matter.  They were about to have sex, and my eyes were glued on
the tv set.

   It felt like there was a fire between my legs, and I glanced
over at Boyd seeing him asleep, and I just lightly touched myself
under my jean skirt.  My panties were already beginning to get
soaked.

   As the action on the screen got hotter, so did I!  Uh oh, now
I was starting to smell up the place!  I glanced at Boyd again. 
He stirred just slightly, but he was still asleep.

   I got braver and hiked up my skirt just a bit so I could play
just inside the hem of my panties.  The couple on tv was doing it
for me, and I was flowing like a river.  It smelled like sex in
here now!

   And that's when I froze solid!  Boyd moved.  Shit!  I am so
busted!  I need to come up with an excuse, and I quickly reached
for the remote and shut off the tv.

   I stayed completely still to see what he would do.  Actually,
it was just his left arm that moved.  He was still laying on his
right side, and I was sitting near his head to the right of him.

   Suddenly, a thought came to me.  I picked up the remote and
turned the tv back on.  I changed the channel back to HGTV in
case somebody turned on the tv after me.  Good thinking I
complimented myself.

   When I put the remote back down I let out a little squeal
because Boyd had put his hand on my leg!

   Now I was getting a little worried, so I called his name.

   "Boyd?  Boyd, you awake?" I shook him, "Boyd, do you want to
go to bed? Boyd!"

   There was no response from the guy.  His hand draped over my
thigh, a little higher than comfortable, too.  But because I
hiked my skirt up he touched bare skin.  I would be lying if I
said it didn't tingle because it did.

   Sitting completely still and quiet I waited for him to
readjust himself and move his hand.  I told myself that I would
move it in 30 seconds if he did.

   A minute came and went and his hand was still there.  And so
was my horniness.  What was I thinking?

   I jumped slightly when his hand moved again, but this time it
moved higher up my thigh.

   "Oh shit," I thought to myself, "what is he doing?  No, he's
not doing that.  He doesn't know what he's doing."

   His hand came to rest at the top of my thigh near my hip, and
his fingers were just barely touching my panties.

   The battle in my brain was going to kill me!  The little girl
inside said get out of there now!!!  But Miss Pussy said don't
you dare move one inch!

   I have to say Miss Pussy put up a pretty good argument, too! 
And I was starting to agree with her.

   Everything screamed at me that I was wrong to be sitting
there, but what was really wrong is what I was thinking: how can
I move to make him really touch me there?

   I'm serious, those thoughts were running through my head.

   Unconscious or not, he must have read my thoughts because his
fingers started moving, and I felt myself literally gush.  It
felt like I was peeing in my panties I had become so wet.  And it
began to smell even stronger.  I could smell me all over!

   Those fingers on the thin fabric were driving me wild, but his
movements were so slow it was excruciating!  I adjusted myself so
the contact was right where I wanted it to be.

   All of a sudden I became very nervous, and I began to shake
Boyd again. His fingers stopped their movement.

   "Boyd!  Boyd!  Wake up, dammit!  You don't know what you're
doing!" I yelled loudly at him.

   No reaction.  Not a single hint he could hear me.

   Now I was facing a conundrum: I was hornier than ever but
having a moral dilema about having my unconscious step-father
bring me off with his fingers.

   Miss Pussy won another round.

   When I sat still he began to move his fingers a little harder
this time. Whatever moral objections I had were slowly beginning
to dissolve as his motions became more determined.

   I felt him pushing at the fabric, and in my hazy logic I
decided to cross a line.

   Trying not to disturb his hand motions I squirmed until I
could lift my butt enough to remove my panties.  Yep, I was tired
of trying to feel him through the material.

   Something in my head exploded behind my eyeballs when I felt
his fingers again this time on the bare lips of my labia.

   "Shit!" I screamed when his finger entered the folds and began
to stroke my clitoris.

   "Shit" I screamed again when I felt his finger enter me.

   This was too good to be true!  And I was writhing in ecstasy
as he rubbed me up and down in his dreams.  I was dreaming, too,
that it was Gabe doing all of this to me, but truth be told, I
just didn't care at this point.  I knew what was coming.

   The speed was still so slow it was agonizing and I tried to
position myself for maximum pressure in just the right spots.

   All of a sudden I felt those familiar feelings coming from
deep within, and I began to moan, lower at first but getting
higher.

   The feeling shot down my legs curling my toes and then hitting
my brain almost making me lose consciousness, and then everything
met right in the middle of my clit, and I screamed so loudly I
knew the neighbors could hear me down the block!

   I couldn't give a shit if they could or not!  I just rode wave
after wave of the most monster orgasm I have ever had in my life!

   After a couple of minutes I started feeling raw, so I had to
grab his hand to make him stop.  He followed my orders, and I
laid back on the sofa trying to catch my breath and hoping I
recuperate quickly to do it again.

   He pulled his hand back, and I felt both relief and a little
sadness. Relief in that I wouldn't have to keep him from touching
me but sadness in that this might be the end of my fun.

   There was no time to react.  His left hand pushed down on the
sofa, and Boyd lifted himself up.

   Again, my mind quickly tried to rationalize why I was laying
there with my skirt above my waist and my bottom exposed for the
world to see.

   But before I knew what was really happening Boyd slipped off
the sofa and quickly moved himself on top of me.  I didn't even
have time to scream.

   What I did have time to do was to look down and see his robe
parted, and I took special note of the long thick shadow between
us.

   My mind reeled and said this cannot be happening.  But the
minute I felt it hit me square between my legs I knew it was very
real.  His erect penis had penetrated the folds of my labia, and
I could feel him forcing himself in me.

   I screamed for real this time!  I screamed at the top of my
lungs and punched his shoulders and head as I felt him enter me
slowly and deliberately.

   "BOYD!  BOYD!  WAKE UP, GODDAMIT!  WAKE UP!  BOYD!" I screamed
over and over.

   I hit him everywhere, and tried kicking him away.  I was
completely powerless to stop him.

   And he was huge!  I mean huge!  It took me a moment just to
realize how big he was.  If I were a virgin I would have been
literally torn up inside. If I hadn't have been so wet I would
have been in extreme pain.

   It felt like a fist driving into me, and I could not imagine
how any woman could derive pleasure from this.

   He wasn't grunting or breathing hard.  I was doing enough for
both of us. It was about then that I realized that it would
probably be over soon and I would be free.

   I just kept thinking that I'm being raped by my own
step-father.  How sick can that be?

   In and out, he just kept pumping.  The pressure was so intense
that I had lost any sense of being erotic.  I just wanted him to
finish so I could go clean off.

   Strangely enough, I began to thank heavens that I was on the
pill, but still I was worried if he had any diseases.  Then I
remember he does this to my Mom.  And that's when I felt really
sick.  He does this to my Mom and now he does this to me!  That
is so gross.  And how can she stand it?

   I really started having sick thoughts, but then I felt him
slow down, and I waited being completely still.

   Still not a sound escaped his lips as I felt him push deeply
into me and I knew he was having an orgasm.  I could feel his
huge shaft throb.  Then I felt him shiver.

   He became very still, and I waited for him to withdraw.  I
waited for over three minutes, and he stayed right where he was.

   I figured I would have to remove myself if I wanted to be
separated from him.  Strangely enough, he was still hard inside
of me.  I knew he had cum because I could feel it leaking out. 
But yet he was still very much erect and as big as ever.

   Still I had to get away, so I began to wiggle away from him. 
When he popped out of me I felt a string of cum land on my hips
and onto my skirt. I felt his hardness on my leg.  I looked down
between us and finally saw it in the light.

   Holy shit!  Boyd is part fucking horse!  I cannot believe that
thing got inside of me!  My stomach started to turn flips again
just looking at it.

   A penis is not attractive to me at all, but this one was so
big it actually looked angry.  It was very red on the end, like a
small apple, and it was full of veins and muscles.  Like I said,
scary.

   Finally, I managed to slip under him and I felt him slide up
my waist over my left breast and against my cheek.  There was
probably a slime trail all the way up, too.

   I grabbed my skirt to keep everything inside of me, and I
dashed to the downstairs bathroom.  I sat on the toilet letting
everything leak out. Crap, how much did he cum?  Feels like a
gallon!

   Sitting on the toilet I began to think about what just
happened.  What should I do?  Should I tell Mom?  Tell the cops?
I mean what's the story? Did he rip off my panties?  What?

   I decided I'm not going to tell anyone, but I would probably
write about it later.  Hell, who would believe me?

   I used the wet washcloth to remove the semen from my pubic
hair.  I wondered if my smell triggered something in him?  That
must be it, right? I was horny, I began to leak, he smelled me,
and well, there you go.

   Right?  Shit, I don't know.

   But one thing I did know is that I was dwelling on that huge
cock in the living room and what it did to me.  I cannot honestly
say that it felt good at all.  But there was something about it.
And it was still in there and probably still very hard.

   Surprisingly, I was leaking again.  Yes, just thinking about
it was making me horny again.  I rubbed myself, afraid that I was
sore.  But I really wasn't.  In fact, it felt great.  Shit, I was
going to make myself cum again!

   Stupid idea time.  Why should I do it myself when there's a
perfectly good dick out there still in fucking mode?

   Miss Pussy had taken over all of my brain about now, and I
left the bathroom thinking about how I was going to carry this
out.

   Boyd was still poised over the sofa, knees on the ground and
head resting on the arm.  I looked underneath him and pulled his
robe aside.

   Goddam!  It was so hard it looked like it would break.  It had
to be over seven inches long and about as big around as a soda
can.  I swear I have no idea how that ever fit inside of me.  And
I began to have misgivings about getting it back inside of me. 
Voluntarily!

   I reached down to feel it.  Oh shit, it felt so heavy!  I
hoisted it a little, and then I heard Boyd grunt ever so
slightly.  I began to pull it back and forth a little, like Gabe
likes me to do.  Gabe never felt like this, that's for sure!

   Boyd began to move his hips back and forth.  I wondered how
any girl could give this thing a blow job, and then an image
flashed in my head of my mom doing just that, and I immediately
dismissed it.  Anyway, I needed him inside of me.

   I released him and began to squeeze myself between him and the
couch on my knees.  I had to push up on his chest with my back,
but he moved with me. In fact, I had to look back to see if he
was still asleep.  His eyes were still closed, and his breathing
was perfectly normal.

   His big dick was touching my butt cheeks, and a shudder came
over me as I thought of what would have happened if he tried to
screw my butt!  I know I would have passed out!

   I pushed my butt toward him then reached between my legs
trying to find him.  When I grabbed his dick I pulled him forward
and pushed myself back until I felt the big, spongey head push
against my lips again.  This time I was ready for him.  I felt
myself flowing again thinking about what I was about to do.

   Without warning he pushed forward, and I mean all the way
forward!  I was impaled!  And it knocked the breath out of me!

   If he was slow before he wasn't now.  He felt like a
jackhammer going in and out, and before I could prepare myself an
orgasm swept over me and I felt myself shaking all over!

   I had never had an orgasm in this position before, and it felt
so completely different!  I was a rag doll now.  I actually had a
rug burn on my chin from my face resting on the sofa cushion and
him pounding me from behind.

   It scared the shit out of me when I heard him groan real loud,
and he pushed into me so hard that my vagina was stretched wider
than it's ever before!  I felt him throb and throb, and it felt
like the head of his dick was pushing against my stomach!

   He began to fall forward, but I quickly squirmed away from him
feeling his penis unceremoniously popping out of me.  But I could
feel that it was beginning to get soft.

   I put a hand under my vagina to catch the semen again, and I
ran to the bathroom.

   Looking in the mirror I told myself that I just committed a
mortal sin. But damn, it sure felt good!  I washed myself again,
and then I had a sudden pang of conscience.  I grabbed another
wash cloth and ran it under the warm water.

   Going back to the sofa, I tried to adjust Boyd to a more
comfortable position.  Surprisingly, he followed my lead and laid
down on the sofa.  I opened his robe and saw his now wilted dick
laying on its side.  I took the wash cloth and began to clean him
off.

   I couldn't resist.  After I had washed the head I had to put
him in my mouth - just to say I did.  There was no way I could
have ever given him a blowjob.  He was just too big.

   I finished washing him and the floor and the couch.  Then I
closed and tied his robe.

   --

   The front door slamming woke me up and I jumped with a start.

   "Well, did you survive the night?" Aunt Lynda yelled out
dropping one of my Mom's bags on the floor.  I saw Mom come in
behind me.

   "Just barely," I replied.

   "Grandma's doing fine...  well, don't you look cute?" Mom said
seeing me in my nightie laying on the sofa.  "Did you stay up
with him all night? Awwww."

   "I was scared to leave him alone," I said.  Actually, scared
is not the word, but it worked in that context.

   Suddenly, Boyd started mumbling something and he sat up on the
couch.

   All three of us looked surprised!

   "Darling, are you ok?  How are you feeling," Mom cried as she
ran to him.

   "I'm good, Baby.  Really, I'm good." he croaked hoarsely.

   "How's your back?"

   "It feels ok.  I think." He turned from side to side.  "Yeah,
it feels fine."

   "Boy, you were out like a light," Aunt Lynda piped in.

   "Yeah, I guess so.  Weird dreams," he said running his fingers
through his hair.  Then he stopped suddenly and put his left hand
to his nose and sniffed.  He looked puzzled.    "Oh shit," I
thought to myself. 

---

Read the rest of Vargas stories at
http://www.asstr.org/~Lance_Vargas/