Dirty Girls
By s19000
Chapter 5

Sara and Allison walked along the boardwalk. Sara, 
dressed as a boy, took the lead, while Allison trailed 
a little behind, dressed as a young schoolgirl.

"Want an ice cream cone?" asked Sara.

"Sure."

"Here's some money. Go buy yourself one."

As Allison walked over to the ice cream stand, a man 
turned his head to look at her. Then the boy working 
at the counter flirted with her while he scooped the 
ice cream. Allison came back and gave Sara the change. 
"Thanks, Sara," she said, and happily licked the ice 
cream.

"OK," said Sara. "Here's the first thing. While we're 
out like this, I want you to call me Sam, not Sara. 
All right?"

"OK."

"Say it."

"Sure, S... Sam."

"Don't forget. I'm your boyfriend, and my name's Sam."

"OK, Sam." Allison smiled brightly at Sara and licked 
the cone again.

"Now," said Sara, "Here's what I want you to do." She 
put her arm around Allison's waist and pulled their 
hips together as they walked along the boardwalk. "See 
that man coming toward us? When we pass him, I want 
you to look at him and take a sexy lick on your ice 
cream cone."

"Oooh. He'll think I'm a little slut. I'll do it."

As the man approached, he glanced at Allison and 
quickly looked away, trying not to be obvious about 
it. Then he crossed the boardwalk so he would pass 
next the girls. As he walked by, Allison gave him a 
sexy look and a big smile and slowly licked her ice 
cream cone.

After the man passed, Allison asked Sara, "Do you 
think I made him hot?"

"I'm sure you did. He had a hard on by the time he got 
close to us."

"I made him hard? Cool!"

"See those boys up ahead? Do it to them." Three 
teenage boys approached, laughing and talking. Then 
one pointed out Allison and they all looked at her. 
Sara guided Allison toward the boys.

When they got close, the boys started calling out. 
"Hey buddy, where'd you get the jailbait?" "She's 
hot!" "I'd like to get me some of that."

Sara stopped Allison next to the boys. "Sorry, guys. 
She's my bitch."

"Your bitch! Woooeee! Are you a bitch, baby?"

Allison just smiled and licked her ice cream cone.

"Hey, nice tongue! She suck good?"

"She's OK," said Sara. "I've had better."

"Oh, yeah? Maybe she needs more practice, know what I 
mean?"

"I don't think so. See you around."

Sara and Allison walked on, while the boys whistled 
and called after them. Allison pressed her hip to 
Sara. "Wow. I felt like they wanted to pull my clothes 
off and feel me up."

"For sure, they wanted to put their hands up your 
dress. I don't think they know how to do anything 
else."

"I sort of wanted them to do it."

"Really? Well they haven't given up. Look back."

Allison looked behind her and saw the boys following 
them. One waved at her. "They're following us!"

"Sure they are. They think you'll put out for any guy, 
and they're hoping to get lucky." Sara slid her hand 
down and let it rest on Allison's ass.

One of the boys called out, "Oh, yeah. Squeeze that 
ass!"

Sara squeezed it, and Allison giggled. "I'll bet they 
saw you do that. It makes me feel dirty."

"Yeah?" Sara slid her hand down farther, so that her 
fingers reached between Allison's legs. She pressed 
her middle finger against Allison's asshole. "You 
think the boys can see this?"

"Oh! You're touching my asshole. Right here on the 
boardwalk!"

"Call me Sam."

"Sam. I love what we're doing."

"Well, let's do a little more of it then."

Using the hand between Allison's legs, she guided 
Allison toward some steps that led down from the 
boardwalk to the beach. She glanced back at the boys 
and moved her head to show they should follow. As they 
went down the stairs, Sara pressed Allison's panties 
into her ass.

The boys watched from the top of the stairs. One said, 
"Hey buddy! You feeling her up?" 

At the bottom of the stairs, Sara used the hand on 
Allison's ass to turn her around to face the boys. 
"Look up at them."

Allison looked up at the boys, and Sara placed her 
other hand on Allison's chest, right where her breast 
would have been, if she had breasts. Sara grinned at 
the boys and squeezed Allison's nipple through her 
blouse. Then she nodded to an opening by the stairs 
and took Allison into the darkness under the 
boardwalk.

They walked back away from the beach until they were 
next to the foundation of a building. Then they waited 
in the dim light for the boys.

 
 
 
 
