I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 7: HOLEY maTRIMony

5:00 PM! The Victorian style home of Damian and Candace Palmer.

“Kevin and the guys should be here anytime now. There is no football practice tonight, so they won’t keep us waiting long.” Candi eyed her grandmother’s, well, antique grandfather clock. Damian’s grandmother technically! The coocoo flew the coop but the hands still kept time. Her new ally Doug Ramsey sat with her at the dining table where she had her laptop out searching clothing sites for cute revealing micro bikinis. Her husband Damian demanded she start wearing the skimpiest lot that she could find. Not only that, but the purchased jeans she bought at Goodwill were lying over chair backs awaiting help to cut those bastards up. Ordered to butcher her attire, she decided to let her brother-in-law Kevin and his friends do the alterations. Tonight’s video plan was mostly this pet project. Sex all day long she wasn’t certain what the guys might want tonight, especially not knowing Doug here.

“Are you sure you want me to stay? I don’t want to cause any resentment.”

“You won’t. I won’t allow that. You’ve been wonderful Doug. I couldn’t have pulled any of this off without you. Unless Damian forces me to say goodbye to you you’re my new best friend.”

“Fuck buddy!”

“New best fuck buddy.” She giggled. “Unless you’re tired of me already.”

“Never going to get tired of a beautiful soul like you. Body too.”

“Aww! I’m glad you think so highly of me. This life is all new to me so, I’m just diving in headfirst, sink or swim. Speaking of swim, what do you think of this bikini?”

“Too much material.” He chuckled. The ensemble was threads with finger thick patches hoping to cover nipples and a vagina. Good luck with that he thought. Turn, bend, move in general it was a guaranteed exposure.

“You’re right. I’ll keep searching.”

“Oh, come on Palmer. That thing is dental floss.”

“Well, I do hope to be eaten out often so I can always offer it to pick their teeth.”

“I’d advise touching base with the friends that Officer Downes here in town mentioned before you go running in that. Hot pink, neon yellow, and black are my favorite colors.”

“I like purple. I’ll just buy seven. One for every day of the week. I’ll wait until Damian’s old school chums stop by here. Lucas said he would let them know too, so, I’ll be patient. These bikinis will take a few days to ship here anyway.”

“Do you even know the cops here in town?”

“Not really! Damian kept me all to himself until he went abroad. Newlyweds pretty much. I have seen them around town when I walk to the fitness center. They know who I am but strangely they’ve never approached me. Respect for Damian I guess.”

“That is odd. Are you going to get dressed or stay in that towel?” They had showered together after the grocery store exhibition. He got dressed, she however kept her bath towel wrapped about her.

“Why? I’ll be naked in five minutes or less. Kevin won’t allow me to get dressed. Honestly, I don’t want to wear clothes at home now. Only if my father-in-law comes over but he usually calls ahead.”

“What if Damian wants you to act up in front of his dad?”

“Then I do it. I adore Joe, but I married Damian, not him. All I can hope for is that Joe understands and accepts this new me. As long as Damian wants this, I fully intend to give him anything he wants.”

“Bestiality?” He said that as a joke, but it did make her go pale.

“I hadn’t thought of that. God, I hope not.”

“I was only joking, but I guess that is a concern.”

“I’d talk to him about that and hope he doesn’t want such a thing. I don’t know if I could go that far.”

“A big ole’ horse. Hop in the saddle Trigger.” He enacted a series of horse whinnies then busted up.

“Stop that! Now I’m terrified. A horse could crush me.”

“Or take off running with his Clydesdale inside you. Poor Candace Palmer, her body flailing three feet off of the ground. Don’t jump the fence Trigger.”

“Stop it! I’m going to pee on my carpet.” She swatted at him with her right hand. “I do not want to even think about that kind of thing.”

“Sorry! As much as Damian is asking, more like demanding you to do, it might cross his mind.”

“I’ll cross that hurdle when I come to it.” She snorted.

“You can laugh but I know if that does happen, you’re going to lose your mind.”

“I know. Can we not talk about that anymore? I hear the guys coming up the stairs. I do not want to be ridiculed by that thought all night long.”

“Gotcha! I won’t bring it up anymore. Head the posse off at the bend.”

“Thank you.” Narrowing her eyes into a playful sneer she left her chair sprinting to the front door. Opening it, her eyes bulged like hooves. SAUCERS! “Kevin?” Outside following her brother-in-law were all five friends including Jesse whom she thought would be left out. Behind them four other boys she didn’t know. Two of them were African American.

“Hey, Sis.”

“Why do you keep adding visitors?”

“Shut the fuck up and let us in. Damian’s orders!”

“Okay!” She moved out of the way so that each of the remaining nine boys could filter in. The four newcomers smiled at her and chose to introduce themselves. One of the black young men spoke first.

“Sup! I’m Rolly. That’s Merc.” Merc corrected his boy with, “Mercer!” then letting Rolly continue, “The white boys are Nick and Jobe. We all run the field for our boy Kev.”

“Hello.” She had seen them at past football games but normally in helmets. “Forgive my surprise, I wasn’t expecting so many of you.”

“Get used to it.” Kevin stepped up to wrap both of his hands around her neck. Lightly he lifts her up to kiss her on the lips, her toes barely touching the rug beneath her. She heard murmurs of, “Nice!” out of the newcomers. Once he lowered her, he held her throat with one hand and untied her towel. Tearing it from her body he leaned in and growled. “No act! Damian told me to man up. Like you, I won’t let him down. Got a problem with that?”

“No.” She trembled as the towel went flying. Circling her without letting her throat go he moved in behind her. His free hand easing around her arm he lifted her chin.

“Make your rounds. Every guy in this room gets a warm kiss. Move!” He then released her into Victor. A passionate embrace for a full minute kiss, Vic escorted her to Jesse, then Brent, and Andy. Roger filming her with his camcorder she continued on into the clutches of Rolly. A big boy at 6’4, the black man plucked her up in his arms and not only kissed her but held her up with his huge hands on her bare ass. Thick fingers digging in increased her desire to kiss him harder. Two minutes the lucky fucker. Letting her down she moved to Mercer. He turned her so that her back was to him but lured her chin upward to kiss him at an awkward angle while Nick and Jobe caressed her full-frontal beauty. Passed amongst them she ended up back with Kevin before Roger shut the camera off.

“Now that’s a greeting.” Kevin clapped his palms together like thunder then turned to face the dining room. “So, you’re Doug.”

“That’s me. I hope I’m not intruding. She invited me here.” He remained seated at the table.

“Heard you were a big help today.”

“Anytime she needs it and I’m free. I go back to work Thursday so it might be a few days getting back here. I live over in Dermitt.”

“Not too far at least.” Kevin motioned his posse to find a seat in the living room. Reaching out for Candace he took her hand and led to the table but stole her seat. Pulling her into his lap he again drew her into him by holding her throat. It was then he noticed her choker lying on the table next to the pair of handcuffs given to her by Officer Downes. “What’s with the collar?”

“It looked good on her. I bought it for her to thank her for sex. It’s not meant as any ownership thing.” Doug reached for it and opened the cameo to show him the cuff key. “Makes a good place for holding this.”

“Handcuff key! Perfect! Start wearing that on a daily basis.” He patted Candi on the cheek. “You smell good.”

“I showered earlier. My water bill is going to skyrocket if I get laid a lot.”

“Oh, count on that.” Kevin smirked then pointed at his team, “1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Me! 11 with Dougy here. Everyone gets a taste of this pussy tonight for Damian. Is that understood?”

“Yep! Looking forward to it.” She smiled brightly until his hand on her throat squeezed dramatically taking her breath away.

“Love the enthusiasm Sis, but too much joking around isn’t going to fly. I’m not saying you can’t but tone it down some. Your job is to entertain, that doesn’t mean any comedy routine.”

“I have to be me, Kevin. I’ll be obedient to Damian’s wishes, but I refuse to lose myself in the process. Rough me up all you want but I won’t be some mindless bimbo.”

“She’s right Bro.” Victor stood up from the loveseat and made the journey in with a bag he was carrying. “It’s more fun to cut up with her than just take her down without remorse.”

“Take me down! I want that.” She fed into his remark. “We can all have fun no matter what.”

“Until Damian says otherwise.” Kevin relented and let her sit up straight in his lap. “Shopping?” He pointed at the laptop.

“Bikinis!”

“Here!” Vic sat his sizable duffle up on top of her table. “I pantry raided my sister’s closet. Victoria doesn’t wear half this stuff anyways. Same size I’m thinking.”

“You’re Victor and she’s Victoria? Wasn’t that a Broadway musical?” She smirked. “Tell her thank you.”

“Our parents were big into theater, that’s how they met. They own that old movie theater uptown and put on plays a couple times a year.”

“That’s cool.” She watches as he unzips the bag and produces four new pairs of jeans, all were faded denim, but with one pair of the batch white with a button array rather than any zipper. “Can I try them on Kevin?”

“Go for it.” Leaving his lap, she had her eye on the white pair and stepped out in front of everyone.

“Fashion show! Record me, Roger.” Sitting up he moved his camcorder into position and pointed for action. “Hi Baby! I’m here with Kevin’s entire football team. Victor here brought me some of his sister’s secondhand pants to as you say butcher. I decided earlier that I’m going to let the guys cut up all of my pants to customize them for me any way they want to see me in them.”

Stepping into the pant legs she pulled them up to a tight fit. Not so tight that they weren’t manageable but certainly hugging her hips and thighs. “I like these.” Fastened she performs a 360 to a round of wolf calls. “So do they.” She giggled and palmed her breasts shuffling them about. The jeans rode low on her hips, so her butt crack was visible by a good inch or more. “Who wants to cut me?” Hands in her hair she shook her hips as if a stripper. “sNIP! sNIP!” Tits lifted via posture she peered at one areola then the other.

Mercer Tubbs jumped from his seat rubbing his palms together. “A black man loves to cut up white things. Put me in coach.” He chuckled at Kevin still seated next to Doug. Unfastening those white jeans, she wiggled them down to her ankles and stepped out, all while Merc stood behind her holding her bare hips. Her butt pressing against his crotch his expression was pure ecstasy. Abandoning her jeans to him she tiptoed to the table and procured her scissors. Turning the grips around for him he claimed the snips and sat down at the table across from Doug. “Sup man?”

“Laughing my ass off.” Doug grinned. “Make sure those things are short.”

“Inseam and belt loops by the time I’m done.” Mercer chuckled with a brilliant set of ivories.

“Think with your eyes Tubby.” Kevin sneered. “That goes for all of you Pigskins. Let’s make Candi look good, not sloppy. Short, but not any denim bikini.”

“Have faith Bro. I got this.” Mercer began cutting the pant legs off. Leaving him to his design work Candace tried on another pair of Victoria’s jeans, faded blue with lacerations all up and down the legs as it were. Showing off she looked at the slashes of flesh peeking through and grew giddy.

“I’ve always wanted to wear jeans like this, but I never did. I don’t understand why Damian never insisted I wear things like this when he was home with me. Sexy meets sexier!”

“Got that right.” Jesse grinned. “I say don’t chop those up, keep the legs but add a few threaded slashes in the ass and thigh area. Sneaky peek stuff.” The others agreed. Taking the jeans off she cast them to Jesse.

“Get to work Hart Surgeon.” Kevin called out Jesse Hart.

“Hell yeah! I’m cutting hearts in the ass cheeks and removing the pockets in the front. Bikini windows sound cool?” Thumbs up, he looked around. “Anymore scissors?”

“In the bag.” Victor pointed, “I thought ahead when I packed the duffle. You can have my seat.” He stood up leaving a vacancy.

“Rather have Candi’s seat.” He walked by her and patted her bare ass. Bubbly became Flashdance in step. She was loving every single thing. Maniac! Maniac on the floor.

Digging into his duffle Vic tossed her a third pair of jeans, this one with yellow stitched embroidery on the back pockets that looked like a fireworks display. Admiring them first Candi set out to put them on. Loose on her compared to the other two the waist slid low on her pelvis allowing both knots of bone to be visually appealing, not sightly, her build prevented that. No way was Candace Palmer anorexic. The more she shook her hips the lower that waist slid until it couldn’t reveal any more. “Victoria must have lost weight.”

“Some! Those are probably from her freshman year. She grew up and out of those.” Victor chose another move and brought out his cell to show Candi a photo of his sister in braces.

“She’s stunning.”

“No more braces now, but yeah she is.”

“Vic beats off to his kid sister every chance he gets.” Brent laughed. “So do I.”

“Hey! When things are slow, why not?” Vic laughed along with him. “She doesn’t mind.”

“You show your sister your dick?” Candi wrinkled her brow.

“Shit! She runs naked in front of me when mom and dad are gone. I just go with the flow.” He made a jerking off motion. “I watch her, she watches me. No harm in that. I’m not fucking her.”

“Yet!” Brent coughed into his hand. Flipped off sufficient in Candi’s eyes she took the pants off and shuffled to Brent.

“Here! You can sniff me and Victoria. Sniffs then snips.” Implementing scissor fingers she awaited another pair. Last one in the bag Victor tossed them at her. Holding them up in front of her she squinted with a half smirk on her face. “These must be your pants. They’re huge.”

“They are.” Victor laughed. “Put those on.” Complying she had to hold them up or they would have slid clear down her ankles. “Now try these.” Revealing a rainbow set of suspenders she busted up laughing.

“Am I joining the circus?”

“CIRCUS JERK!” Circle! Andy belted out as Vic helped her hook up the suspenders to keep those pants up. Roomy all around her waistline they were surprisingly sexy on her. With so much room in the waist, a voyeur could literally see all the way down at any angle.

“Cut the legs off and half of your hips those will be hot as fuck.” Victor tugged her belt loops and lifted her off of her feet, the inseam agitation on her clit and labia made her squeal.

“You’re up Andrew.” Victor shared her pants as if a game show hostess. “More scissors in the bag, I brought four pairs. Like I said mom is in theater, so she makes her own alterations. I left behind six more pairs in her crafting room.” Nodding Andy left his seat but realized there was no more room at the table. Kevin motioned for Doug to join him in getting up in order to offer Andy his seat, taking her unplugged laptop with him to give the tailors room to work.

“Too bad you don’t have a pair of yellow jeans. Those would look bad ass on you.” Jobe Kincaid added his thoughts. “My mom is blonde like you, and she rocks a pair of yellow jeans. Well, whatever material they’re made out of, softer than denim is all I know.”

“He feels his hot mommy’s ass up every chance he gets. No dad at home Jobe is the man of the house.” Rolly Moot chuckled. “Seen it for myself.”

“Peeping tom?” Candi smirked.

“Hell yes! Fine ass momma.” Jobe actually nodded in agreement.

“Cougar!” He finalized their opinion of Claudia Kincaid. “Bartender at Bootlicker’s.”

“I think I know who your mom is.” Doug Ramsey drew attention to himself. “I go into Bootlicker’s now and then with my dad. She flirts with both of us.”

“More than likely you. She likes guys my age.” Jobe sighed over it. “Well, young guys, but old enough. Energy level shit she says.”

“No offense Bro, but I’d do her.”

“Go for it. I’m cool. She can’t keep her clothes on at home even in front of me.”

“First Victoria, now your mom?” Candi giggled, “I need to meet these women.”

“Might just set something up.” Kevin patted Jobe and Vic on the shoulders. “Hell, even I’d fuck your mom Kincaid.”

“So would he. Don’t let him fool you.” Moot laughed. “We all would.”

“Sounds like a gangbang in Claudia’s future.” Kev grinned.

“I’m recording that too.” Roger chimed in pausing his filming to save memory on his chip. Things were too slow, and he didn’t want wasted footage.

“We’re old enough to get into Bootlicker’s even if we can’t drink.” Mercer looked up from his carving project. “I say we go over to Dermitt next weekend.”

“Right!” Andy added, “Maybe we’ll run into that hot chick Kendra we met at the football game a few weeks back.”

“Kendra?” Doug swallowed. “Brunette with frosted red highlights? Big rack?”

“You know Kendra?” They all perked up.

“Uhhh? Ex-girlfriend. We broke up last week. She left me for another guy.”

“Awww dude!” Andy reacted with regret. “Sorry man! I didn’t know or I’d never have brought her up.”

“It’s all good. I’m better off without her. I look at it this way, if I hadn’t come over to Pleasant Meadow today to get my mind off of Ken, I’d never have met Candace. Made my lifetime!”

“That deserves a hug.” Candi waddled over in her too long of pantlegs. Now she did act like a clown in a circus. Regardless she gave Doug a tight embrace. Kevin noticing their chemistry narrowed his eyes at how well the two were bonding. Clearing his throat, he moved behind Candi and snapped her suspenders. Drawing them over her shoulders he let go and the jeans flopped to her upper thighs and wrinkled up.

“Ditch those and put on some music. Start dancing! You have an audience to get hard.” Leaving Doug, she kicked the denim restraints off of her toes and left them behind. Andy took possession and moved to the last spot on the dining table. The other seamsters were nearing their completed artwork so he had some catching up to do.

Admiring her nudity, the remaining guys in the living room were biting their knuckles and rubbing their concealed tentpoles. Maybe the circus was in town. Big Tops all! Glances at Kevin Palmer he made certain his earlier pep talk was affirmed. Each of them had been made aware of what his brother Damian had told him when he called while at school. His direction was simple and that was to show her who was boss!

Kevin was building up adrenalin all afternoon to put on an act that required becoming a new persona in reality. He loved his sister-in-law, fucking her was a dream come true but, in the end, treating her like trash did dig a knife into his soul. He couldn’t resist pushing boundaries though. If Damian was cool and encouraging it he was certainly going to test not just her, but himself. Now watching his boys here manhandle her would be a challenge. Seeing Candace potentially harmed did scare the holy hell out of him, especially if his dad found out. Game over if he did. Presumption!

Her faithful 80’s hair bands a favorite she put in a mixed CD. Yes, a CD player that still worked. She couldn’t afford any download sites like Spotify. Good enough for her. Once the music began, she immediately paused it. “Hold up! Be right back.” She had a thought. Racing up her staircase to her bedroom the guys shrugged. Maybe she had to pee. No! There was a powder room downstairs here so that couldn’t have been it.

A few minutes later she came scrambling back, titties bouncing wildly. In her hands were a pair of yellow spandex yoga pants. Walking up to Jobe she handed them off. “Here! They’re not jeans but you can chop these up. I’ll wear them to the fitness center however they turn out.” Puckering over the option Jobe took them to the dining room. Brent Edwards fine tuning his cut stood up and offered his seat. He then took his carved-up denim out to the living room to show Kevin.

With Slaughter’s jam called Up All Night filling the house Candi hopped up on her coffee table and danced for Roger’s camcorder. Revealing his butchered shorts to her Brent handed them up to Candace. Pausing in her dance she put them on in a hurry and gave the others a fashion moment turning in a 360. “Trim more in the bikini area.” Kevin formed his opinion. “Show more ass cheek too.” He proceeded to hold Candi still long enough to point out where the alterations should be. No table room to work at he shrugged.

“Here! Use my stage.” Candi took her shorts off and then climbed down off the coffee table. Making her way into Rolly’s lap she straddled him and threw her arms about his neck. “Follow me, Roger.”

“I got it.” Her cameraman laughed as Brent took advantage of his new work area. Scissors snipping with precision he and Kevin worked together. Point! Trim! Point! Snip!

“Someone is hard.” Candi gyrated her pussy right along a very large erection. “Not to sound racist, I’m not, but I’ve never been with a black man. Honestly, only white guys so far.”

“Once you go black, you never go back.” He grinned and rubbed her legs and hips.

“Once you go black, we all talk smack.” Nick chimed in ribbing his buddy.

“I have a question.” Candi darted her gaze from boy to boy. “If my pants are off, why aren’t any of yours?”

“She has a point.” Rolly was ready even reaching between her thighs to start unbuttoning his jeans. No belt worn they hung low as it was. Easing from his lap while singing along to the song she dropped to her knees in front of Rolly and assisted his removal process, jeans and boxers to his knees she took off his shoes and finalized the extraction. T-shirt up and off Rolly Moot sat naked in front of his boys with a massive eight-inch erection.

“I agree. You have a point too.” She tapped an index finger over his urethra. She then proceeded to stroke his cock. Mesmerized by her alluring blue eyes he faltered a bit to look over at the others.

“What are you queers looking at, my dick or her fine ass? Lose your clothes dickheads.” A decisive move each of the others began disrobing. Kevin and Doug stood back hiding their amusement. Brent finishing his work sat the shorts aside until things settled down. In the dining room Mercer and Jesse shared their own fashion sense with one another, each offering suggestions which led to minor alterations making them pop. Jobe had it easier, his material was less troublesome, so his work was quick and easy. Knowing the spandex waistband could be rolled over, it was just a matter of shortness. He knew pants like these would offer cameltoe and dramatic ass crack trench so that was a must in avoiding too much loss of material. Tightness meant perfection. Completed the boys stood to stretch and move back into the living room to join the show.

“Losing your drawers?” Kevin nodded at his three amigos as hand gestures of, “We’ll get there don’t rush us.” replied back. Kev smirked and had a thought. He had sat Candi’s laptop on an end table so stepped back to retrieve it and head over to the now available dining table. Doug following him sat down as Kevin fired her laptop up. “I know her password.” Doug was cool with that.

In opening Windows, the website she had been looking at bikinis on returned. “She was going to order hot pink, black, and purple in this style.” He pointed them out. “This yellow stretchy makes me think she needs yellow too. Wait! She did mention yellow now that I think about it.”

“Red, and Turquoise too.”

“One for every day of the week she mentioned. Mind if I suggest something? These aren’t that expensive.”

“Each of us kicking in the money to buy one?”

“Saves her money.”

“And my brothers. I’m good with that.” He took his wallet out and motioned Jesse, Brent, and Mercer over. With Candace giving two hand jobs at once they hated to break away. “We’re going to buy her seven versions of these.” Styles shared. “I’ll put them all on my card, but you bastards are paying for one each. If my sister-in-law is putting out it’s the least that we can do.” Agreed! He knew they would all ask their parents for money anyway, none of them had jobs until Summer after graduation. Well, save for Andy and Nick they were Juniors. It didn’t matter how the money was found as long as Kevin got it back. Credit card out and ready he had a good idea of sizes considering there was so little to the micros, so he ordered seven different colors and put in her address. Done! Delivery in two days on a fast track.

“Alright! Enough of the Home Shopping Network.” Closing the laptop Kevin stood up and went into the living room to watch Candi bring Rolly and Nick to a climactic nut that shot into the air and over her knuckles. Giggling she leaned in and licked both dicks off before even exploring the leftovers milked upon her fingers. Comments were made that she mimicked the moves of a house cat in cleaning her paws. Roger the source of that comment got her to purr along as she lapped up her dinner. That was quickly compiled atop her grocery store act of eating dogfood from a dish in the aisle. Candace Palmer was quickly designated as their pet. Cats and Dogs! Pussy and Big Boy Weiners! Satisfaction guaranteed! SquEAL of Approval!

“Move it along!” Kevin took control of her hair and forcefully drug her to the sofa. “Everyone samples her holes. Line up!” Even those who had lingered in undressing began disrobing until every man there, including Doug Ramsey were nude. Watching them, Candi rubbed her clit and bit her lower lip with anticipation. Her thoughts all over the place even as Roger tried to decipher her expressions on film. Memory that is!

“Oh, Damian!” She contemplated her future, “I am going to get so used to this that when you do come home, I’ll become needy. I just know that even when you are here with me, I’ll still be doing this. I’m making you as much of an addict as I’m becoming. You’re expecting a nympho and I can easily see myself becoming one. My biggest fear is losing myself in all of these good-looking guys. I love you Damian, but it won’t be easy not getting emotionally invested in a few of them.” Nick rolled over into her first even after nutting. No condom provided he just lined up his erection and slid right in for a warm welcome. “Yesss! He feels wonderful. I knew he would.” Seventeen or not, she didn’t know his age to object. Not that she would have, or Damian might have gotten after her.

“How long do I have?” Nick looked up at Kevin who had moved behind the sofa to lean over Candi’s scalp where he resumed his grip of her long blonde hair.

“Fuck that cunt for three minutes then switch out.” Pointing as he eyed his cell Kevin sent his buddy into battle. Grabbing her legs to lift them and give himself room Nick slammed his seven-inch warrior in a steady motion of in deep, out by half, then right back in. Roger magnified his lens to focus on the dramatic penetration from both at their sides then a shot right up between their legs. Nick’s scrotum slapping her cheeks, the wet drizzle produced due to it brought her screams to life. Nails digging into his shoulders she reacted as any true whore would.

“FUCK MEEEEEEEEE! YESSSSSS! I LOVE IT!” Peering back as she wailed, her eyes looked right up into Kevin’s. He looked so very much like his big brother. It was as if Damian were really here. “I LOVE YOU DAMIAN! I LOVE THIS DICK.” Time fading Kevin called it. Once Nick backed out with a burst of energy and a “Hell Yeah!” he stepped aside in favor of Mercer. Big black buck his third leg was at eight inches as he dipped into the wading pool to spread her vulva wider than Nick had. His girth was enormous. Wanting a changeup, Mercer in his mighty arms cradled her and removed her from her cozy spot on the couch to hold her in the air as he fucked her. She joined in his seesaw effect for her own desires and fell silent. Her mouth wide she eyed Roger’s camcorder. “SOOOOO BIG! I’M GOING TO CUM!” BOOM!

Even before his time was up Rolly moved behind her and stuck multiple fingers in her anus in preparation. Once loosened a bit he lined his own eight up and forced it into her ass. Silence no longer. With her screams chaotic to match her convulsions Kevin allowed Mercer longer. At four minutes Kev rejected Mercer and let Jobe move in to replace him to keep the DP going. At their sides Kevin stood and slapped her cheeks to motivate her. “Not loud enough! Let these fuckers know how much you want this.”

“DON’T STOP! NEVER STOP! I NEED ALL OF YOU. DAMIAN DEMANDS THIS! I DEMAND THIS!” Hair pulled as she belted out her required portrayal Rolly was declined his position. With a condom on by choice Victor assumed his spot. Smaller but not by much Vic hammered her anus with vigor and choked her from behind.

Jobe tapping out, Jesse climbed aboard. Back and forth one replacement after another, multiple orgasms in between sacrifices. DP less appealing now Brent took her to the rug and let her ride him. While she thrived with an increased measure of thrusting speed Kevin straddled Brent’s airspace and shoved his cock down her throat. Behind her those that she had already fucked began firing loads onto her back. Brent was unfortunate and detonated inside her but luckily his condom captured his liquid lust. Squirting all over Brent she continued gyrating as Kevin face fucked her in a primal display. The more he snarled the more her hands raced up his legs and abdomen in a plea that he fill her mouth with Palmer DNA.

Andy next in line coaxed her up off of Brent, holding her lower body up as if a wheel barrel to give him a chance to crawl away. Once escaping Andy brought her legs down and mounted her doggystyle. Slaps to her ass came from two sides, Andy on her right, Rolly her left emblazoning her bottom to gurgling cries. On a final snarl Kevin sent threads of cum down her esophagus never to be seen again. Dragging his beast away Roger replaced him now that Jobe had taken the camcorder. Further switches the guy’s lost track of time and hit her holes repeatedly for another nonstop hour. Further DP with it becoming TriPle as more of them fucked her throat without mercy.

Kevin although winded, realized something that Candi had made mention of the night before. Leaving her to his team he ran upstairs to her closet. Unable to find what he was looking for he went from spare room to spare room until finally locating what he was searching for. Bringing the entire ensemble downstairs, he held it up in front of her. “HERE CUMS THE BRIDE!” In his clutches once unzipped from its outer protection was Candace Palmer’s wedding dress.

Veil in Doug’s hands he moved around Mercer and Jobe pausing to first tug her old garter belt over her head and make it into a collar. From there he pinned the veil into place amid her sweaty cum coated hair until it looked right. She wasn’t laughing, wasn’t crying, wasn’t complaining, she simply continued fucking, they her. Nuts implemented inside her anus by Mercer and a load of Jobe junk on her bikini area Kevin motioned everyone off of her. Pulling her to her feet they held her up, her limbs weak and trembling. The dress forced onto her body it surprisingly still fit. The corset tight and the train long she felt lost in it although fondly recalling her wedding day. With Roger back on camera humming Here Comes the Bride she smiled brightly with cum on her face thanks to her cameraman.

Everyone stood there admiring her beauty under grace, actually letting her know how lovely she looked. Kevin hissed at that and turned Roger’s camera to face him. “Yeah! We’re cutting in Bro.” Scissors from the coffee table Kevin clutched her lengthy train and began carving away sections. Now Candance wept! This dress was from her special day. A dress that she picked out to honor Damian with. He had even fucked her in it on the way to their hotel room. Directing the guys to grab more pairs of scissors they joined forces in trimming the hedge until her train looked like a ballerina’s skirt, her pussy and ass shown beneath it. Everyone was into it, even the stereo as Billy Idol’s song White Wedding snuck up on all of them. The irony was just perfect.

Her corset bulging her breasts with monstrous lift they even cut portions so that her areolas crested up over the material without falling out. Once the groomsmen had their say they left the next move to the Best Man. Kevin handed off his scissors then picked her up in his arms to cradle her. Looking at Roger he nodded. “Carrying her across the threshold.”

With an escort to the front door Kevin marched her outside, down the porch steps, across the yard and right out into the middle of the street. Once there he lowered her to the ground then bent her forward to take her cunt from behind. Hands held behind her he hammered her into shrill cries of euphoric decibels. Roger in front of them under the pole light drew in on Candi’s face as prompted.

“WHO LOVES DAMIAN PALMER?” Kevin yelled at the top of his lungs.

“I DO!” She equaled his tone.

“WHO LOVES DAMIAN PALMER?”

“I DOOOO!”

“WHO LOVES EVERY COCK IN PLEASANT MEADOW?”

“I DOOOOOOOOOOO!” Orgasm! Eyeballs were rolling white.

White Wedding it was! Nutting inside her to a vibrant laughter combined with ecstasy Candi fell in love all over again. Groomsman after Groomsman took over and kept the Honeymoon going even as neighbors watched from a distance. Most elderly they could barely see what was going on in the dark. No calls to the cops they simply calmed their dogs and called it a night.

Doug Ramsey found this mind blowing. All of this wedding motif sent his mind back to his ex-girlfriend Kendra. Knowing these guys knew her bothered him. Even as he stood in the doorway of the home, he had to admire Candi’s perseverance. She knew what she was doing. Kendra would weigh on him for a good long time but at least Candi was his back scratcher. She had agreed to act as his new girlfriend to get even so there was that.

“I have to get my mind off of Ken. She’s obviously looking for even more guys if she was at their football game. Hell, these guys want to fuck Kendra. I’ll never keep her. Vengeance at best.” Sighing he got dressed rather than wait on his turn with Candi. Asked to stay the night he knew he could have her alone anyway. Car keys in his hand he smirked. “Might as well take this show on the road.”

Finding a piece of paper and a black Sharpie in her desk he wrote on it and located some tape. Taking it outside and into the driveway he taped the paper to the trunk of his car. While everyone was passing the bride around Doug started his car and backed out into the street and right up on the group bathing them in scarlet taillights. An immediate notice of that paper on his trunk the jocks busted up. Kevin nodded as Roger zoomed in on the words, “JUST MARRIED!”

“Hell yes!” Kevin stole his sister-in-law back and picked her up squealing. With Doug’s convertible top down, it was easy to stand her up in the backseat. Jesse rode shotgun next to Doug in the front while Kevin, Victor, and Roger crammed into the backseat. Bending Candi over the ragtop Kevin laid into her cunt again as Doug took off down the street. At 8:00 PM the traffic was still out and about. Breezing by cars in the dark they weren’t really stressed. Taking turns on Candi in motion was hot as hell. Laying her back over the cool trunk she gripped the car’s spoiler as Victor mounted her missionary and slipped his fingers under her garter belt choker. Roger caught what he could in the dim lighting, but it wasn’t perfect.

After tooling about town Doug returned to Candi’s home and pulled into the drive. Outside waiting on the porch were his buddies munching on her potato chips bought at Grimley’s market. They had all worked up an appetite. Enough for one evening most of them said their goodbyes and kissed her with passion as she stepped to each and every one equally. Kevin held out with Roger and Doug and relaxed in the living room while Candi picked up her former dress and pouted. Leaving only the veil and garter belt collar on she stashed the rest into an outdoor garbage can. Coming back inside she looked about at all of her butchered jeans and tried each one on for the remaining visitors. The yellow yoga booty cut was perfect in revealing her cameltoe while part of her bikini area was exposed. More fabric in the seat her ass crack crevice was highlighted perfectly. Too sexy!

The denim shorts hid less, most had the inseam so narrow that in sitting the stitching sank right up inside her labia, tight enough to agitate her clit in a glorious thrill. No concert t-shirts were cut as of yet, so Candi opted to do that on her own with Doug well after fist bumps alluded to departure. Doug was now inducted onto the team. Honorary member between his legs Kevin joked. Camcorder chip uploaded to her laptop she was in business. Damian had mail!

At around 10:30 PM, Candi yawned and turned out the lights. Taking Doug by his hand she led him upstairs to bed. Sadly, they fell asleep in each other’s arms, no further sex. Without even taking a bath they were stuck together like white on the rice that should have been thrown.

Bedded Bliss!
