                                       Stripper
                                    By Lust 4 Life

A true story about my exhibitionist girl friend at a strip club. M/F, exhibition, strip

Amateur Night at the Strip Club

One day, laying in bed after a good round of sex, my girlfriend and I got to talking about 
exhibitionism and strip clubs. Now you should know that my girl friend is bi-curious and 
has been with another woman and is interested in trying again and in doing a threesome 
with me, so girls interest her. Anyway, I talked of various strip clubs I have been to over 
the years and following her interest, mentioned one nearby which I had only been to once 
several years ago, but which since I drive by it on a regular basis, I recalled had an 
amateur night. My girl friend expressed interest in participating but was not surprisingly a 
bit hesitant. Before continuing, let me describe my girl friend for you. She is about 52 
tall, brown hair which drops to about the bottom of her shoulder blades, beautiful full C-
cup breasts, and nice hips. She has a few extra pounds but not many  while I like most 
women, my first choice is neither round nor anorexic, but rather someone in between, 
which is where my girl friend falls. She has a trimmed but hairy bush, which I also prefer 
over a shaved pussy.

We decided to visit purely as spectators one week and then possibly return the following 
week for her to participate in amateur night. The first night we watched some of the girls 
stripping on the runway and just walking around the club, and then paid for a couples 
dance. The woman was attractive, tall, a bit on the thin side for my tastes, but still quite 
nice. The stripper buried each of our faces in her bare tits and did an interesting maneuver 
in which she put her head on the bench between my legs and flipped over with her back 
to me and my face almost buried in her ass and pussy, her pussy lips and tight little vagina 
almost within tongue reach. She repeated this with my girl friend. Afterward we sat at 
the runway and placed our dollars on the edge as the girls came around doing their acts. 
These included the usual climbing and swinging from a pole and providing various treats 
to the customers. While the rules for the guys are no touching, they are much more 
relaxed for the women. Several of the ladies had my girl friend stand and then proceeded 
to lift her top and bra, exposing her breasts for all to see while the stripper fondled my girl 
friends breasts. Later we moved away from the runway and just enjoyed watching and 
comparing notes with each other about the girls: Breasts to small but nice ass, or nice 
breasts but no ass, or Too big in the ass, or Nice thong! After a bit more watching we 
went home and proceeded to fuck until I filled her pussy with my cream. My girl friend 
said she really enjoyed going to the club and definitely wanted to go back and participate 
in amateur night.

The next week I came over early and fucked her, leaving a nice hot load of my cum inside 
her. We showered, went out to dinner, and then headed to the strip club. This evening we 
spent most of our time at the runway, putting up a dollar or two each for each girl as she 
did her act. My girl friends breasts were exposed and fondled several times. There were 
3 young ladies sitting a few seats down from us and at one point one of the strippers got 
all 3 of them up, laying on the runway and proceeded to dry hump each of them to many 
cheers and flying dollar bills from the rest of the audience. The fun continued for several 
hours until it was time for amateur night. My girl friend ducked into the ladies room to 
replace her panties with a thong (and make sure none of my cum was visibly dripping out 
of her!).

The first contestant was a tall, staturesque girl, somewhat on the thin side with curly 
shoulder length hair. Unfortunately she seemed to be scared silly and took off her outer 
clothes (top and shorts) while basically just slowly walking down the runway picking up 
dollar bills without interacting with or even looking at the men at all. She needed some 
encouragement from the DJ to take off first her bra and then her panties just before the 
music stopped. She quickly picked up her clothes and left. Boring! Several other 
contestants were a bit better, but nothing to get excited about. Then came a good looking 
women who had more presence than the first girl and quickly got down to just a thong, 
and then proceeded to perform some impressive acrobatics on the strippers pole, but 
again, no interaction at all with the audience! My girl friend was the last contestant. I 
dont know what it was, she came out with rather plain outer clothes and while she is 
good looking, was not a stand out compared to the others, but the dollar bills just started 
flying in a way they had not for anyone else. But she had a presence no one else had. She 
made eye contact in a sultry, sexy way and proceeded to quickly loose her outer clothes 
in a very sensual strip so she was in a bra and thong. She was clearly enjoying the 
attention and showing off her body. Then she really differentiated herself by removing 
her bra and getting down and wiggling her ass in the face of one customer, her naked 
breasts in the face of another, and then squatting down and pulling her thong aside, 
showing her pussy to another. The audience loved it! As soon as she left the stage, one of 
the judges (a good looking woman) leaned over and said, Your girl friend won it. First 
prize, $200, plus another about $50 from the audience.

We went home and soon were naked in bed, my cock thrusting into her again until I felt 
the familiar pressure building at the base of my penis and then groaned, Im coming! as 
I felt another load shooting deep inside her.

A couple of days later she insisted on taking me out to a very fancy restaurant with her 
earnings and told me she wants to do it again sometime. Since then she has practiced the 
head in the lap back flip to plant her pussy right at my mouth several times. Every time I 
think of that night I just get a big grin on my face!

