Johanna goes to the library, but things don't go as expected.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 5 (Mmf, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

When Johanna woke the next morning, she felt sore between her legs. She had remembered having really sexy dreams the previous night...had she masturbated, she wondered, inserting her fingers into her vagina while she slept? She avoided doing that, as it usually caused the kind of discomfort she was now feeling due to her cherry getting in the way. Her panties were soaked.

Persi was acting all strange around her, so she thought that maybe she had jilled herself off in her sleep after all, and had made her best friend uncomfortable. After an awkward breakfast, she headed home.

---

Persi didn't message her to hang out that day, so Johanna headed to the library. The slim brunette was feeling kinda sexy, so she wore an above-the-knee skirt and a tight t-shirt that accentuated the 16-year-old's small breasts. She noticed some appreciative male glances as she went, and also once she was in the library.

She headed to the teen section to find a romance novel. Why was she feeling so amorous, she wondered? She found one she hadn't read before and sat at a table.

Within a few minutes, a young man about her age with dark curly hair sat next to her and chatted her up. She was shy, so just gave him brief, noncommittal answers. A few minutes later, a thirtysomething Asian man, maybe Phillipino, came up and sat on her other side, also asking questions: What kinds of books did she like? Did she have a boyfriend?

This was really odd, and Johanna was starting to feel weird, all squishy inside. The man and boy seemed to be getting more handsome and sexy the longer they hung around her. Shaking her head to clear it, she excused herself, leaving the book there and heading to the washroom.

When she opened the door, she was shoved through it from behind. "Oh!" Turning, she found the man and boy there, closing and locking the door behind them. They started removing their clothes and she gulped.

Strangely unwilling to stop them or call out, Johanna was directed to bend over at the waist and suck the younger man's cock while the older man got behind her, pulled up her shirt, and unfastened her bra. She gasped into the boy's cock as the man's hot hands engulfed her small breasts. She had never given a blowjob before, so was having some trouble. If she sucked on it, her mouth started to get tired, and then the teen boy started to thrust into it.

The man's fingers had found her hard nipples, which seemed to somehow be connected straight to her clitoris! Her body was feeling incredibly hot! After a minute or so, the man pulled back, flipped her skirt up, and pulled her panties down her legs. She had a moment of panic at being so vulnerable back there, but then she felt the man's tongue piercing between her prominent labia and her fear flew away as her sex drive ramped up. The boy kept thrusting into her mouth and she was having trouble focusing on that vs. the pleasure blossoming between her legs.

She now felt one of the man's fingers poking between her labia, and it felt good. That digit pressed insistently into her pussy, finally slipping in. It was a really thick finger! She thought that it was going to hurt her maidenhead, but it was only sore as it pushed further inside her. Then when the man's hands moved to her hips, she realized that what was inside her wasn't his finger...

"Mm!" she cried out, but her mouth was full of teen cock. She tried to pull off, but the boy grabbed her face and thrust into it. Soon the man had his cock all the way inside her and pulled back to thrust into her again.

Why was this happening, she wondered? She was so plain that men just didn't seem to notice her, and now these two were raping her? No, she reconsidered, if she didn't want this, why hadn't she yelled out? Why was she feeling so good as the man's cock sawed into her? Did she actually want this?

"Ahh...ahhh...AHH!" the younger man cried out, and Johanna felt his cock expand. Then it was spurting hot cum into her mouth. Some instinct deep within her caused her to gulp it down.

Then she was cumming as well, shaking as the man's cock thrust harder into what she thought was her virginal pussy. She came again as the boy gave her another spurt, this one going right down her gullet.

The older man felt her orgasming pussy squeezing his cock and it sent him over the edge. He grunted and blasted Johanna's fertile 16-year-old pussy full of his dangerous cum. As she felt his warm seed forcefully inject itself within the depths of her primed reproductive system, she came hard, her orgasm spasming her cervix open and providing a straight path from the tip of his cock through to the depths of her womb, where the sperm from his next seminal discharge began the last leg of their journey, searching for her ripe egg.

---

Johanna woke up on the floor of the washroom, her shirt pulled up, her bra and panties off, and sperm covering her chin and pussy lips. "Oh Goddd..." she moaned, and hobbled over to the toilet to let the dangerous seed drip out of her vagina.

She had just lost her virginity in a bathroom, she thought, unaware that she had lost it the previous night to Persi's mother's boyfriend Raj, whose own seed was also within her womb at that moment, likewise searching for her egg. As she sat there, those two men's sperm joined the other in battle, and the victor would move on to win the ultimate prize.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)