I once read an article about hypnosis and how only a very few people are actually susceptible to any traditional forms of this. Apparently it's almost impossible to hypnotise a person if they are resistant but of course those that are and have undertaken it willingly really can be controlled by external instructions.

The most common form that I've read about is for quitting smoking and it can be really effective in some cases. So when my wife suggested I undertake hypnosis to help cure my own smoking habit I was more than a little sceptical.

She however was more hopeful so I went along as a willing but doubting participant and had a couple of sessions although there didn't seem to be much improvement. The man I held these with was called Frank, a fifty something man who was very sincere about the treatment and although it wasn't working he suggested that we might try some variations on this.

If you've never had a session before I'll briefly explain that unlike the movies when you have treatment you respond to the voice; by focussing on certain things and letting your eyes grow heavy etc. but actually you can hear everything that goes on so it's not as if you are really out of it. At least that was the experience I had first time.

After the next session, with a wheel of spiral pictures, he said this was the method he would use as he'd made major progress. I doubted this and must have made it plain from my expression so he suggested that I bring my wife along so that she could see the progress I was making.

So the very next week we met at his offices. I was running late but he said that was fine as he had a gap after me. Anyway I arrived only to be kept waiting then when I was invited in I found Sophie was already there. He seemed very taken with my attractive wife but she didn't seem to like the guy much as he'd not a very attractive guy and as she put it creepy.

Frank explained that they'd spent the time chatting about us and had shown Sophie the variety of means he used to put people under. Anyway he then asked my wife to move to the back of his office and began our session with the lights low and the wheel.

Now I must admit at this point I went through the start of the session without feeling under in the slightest however it was over very quickly and it was only when I opened my eyes I found Sophie sitting next to me with a grin on her face.

"Wow! This really works. Who would have thought it!" She said. I gave her a doubtful look but then I found that, despite my feeling I was aware of all that went on, I missed her paying the fee and probably fifteen minutes as well.

Once we got to the car she told me that I was so responsive it was clear it really did work. We'll see I replied pointing at my cigarettes.

"Well that and other things!" She added.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well I discussed our baby problem with him and he thinks he can help."

"How could he possibly, we just don't seem able to conceive?" I was puzzled but I was guessing she meant well.

The next week we both turned up and I went in first. Like before I didn't realise the time which suggested I'd been under for around ten minutes or so. I then waited for Sophie to have her appointment. I'd suggested to Frank that she might enjoy watching football a little more which made him laugh and I just wondered if actually that was what she'd mentioned to him. I was after all a somewhat obsessive fan.

That Saturday we went out for a few drinks with friends and then Sophie surprised me by suggesting we go on to a club which is not something we ever do. After a few ums we agreed and spent a really good few hours there. It was great for Sophie who likes dancing but doesn't do it very often especial as Loraine was just as keen. Also that night we made love and had a great time in bed, better than for a couple of years. 

Anyway things continued the next week and we'd both agreed to have two double appointments with Frank that Tuesday and Friday. I went first Tuesday and Sophie on the Friday. I had to admit I was not smoking at all which was wonderful so I was keen to stay off them and willing to see him twice a week for the next few months if it helped.

That Saturday we went shopping and I wanted to spoil Sophie and dragged her into several clothes shops persuading her to buy lots of new clothes which I was pleased to say were quite sexy.

That evening we were at the club just after ten which meant it was still filling up but Sophie was dancing for hours and I was happy for her to flirt with a string of guys knowing she was going home with me at the end of it. We made love again that evening and it was if anything even better than the week before.

 "If it's fine for you Alan you should ask me to take it to the next level." Frank stated when we next visited.

"Can we take it to the next level Frank?"

"You mean me fucking Sophie?"

"I... I don't know." I apologised.

"Why?" he probed

"It's just that she's my wife and... and... "

"Ok. If it's fine for you Alan, how about you ask me to fuck Sophie?"

"Mmm... I've had a thought how about you have sex with Sophie?" This was getting me so hot I had a hard on.

"You want me to fuck your wife?" he was so calm.

"Err... yes, Hell yes! In fact why not now?"

"If it's fine for you Alan get you're wife in here and I'll have sex with her."

"Yes that's great!"

"If you're fine Alan. Leave her with me."

"Of course!"

I brought Sophie in then he asked me to leave which I did. Five minutes later he came to his door and told me to come back inside. Sophie was sitting in her short skirt playing with herself her knickers around one ankle. She looked at me then asked if it was ok if she fucked Frank.

I told her to go ahead and without a moments hesitation she got up and began to pull at his trousers as he stood besides her. His cock sprang free and she sucked it for a few seconds then asked Frank where he wanted her.

"On the couch of course." he stated pointing at the leather seat against the far wall. Sophie got up and draped herself legs open then gestured for him to go to her.

"If this is Fine with you Alan and Fine with you Sophie then ask me to fuck!" he stated

"Fuck me!" Sophie blurted and I shouted "Fuck her!" I was so hard I could barely hold myself.

He was twice my wife's age but she didn't mind and neither did I. He rolled on a condom then when he buried his cock in her I ejaculated and she had an instant climax. He looked across at me then said. 

"Sophie has a nice pussy and I think it's made for sharing."

We both said yes again.

"If it's fine with you Sophie you will do it with me often. If it's fine with you Alan, you will cum in you pants whenever you see your wife penetrated and again when I ejaculate. Remember you love seeing her sexed by me and remember you want her to fuck me all the time." 

"Yes I do!" This was just fantastic.

"Now cum Sophie!" She did holding onto Frank as she shuddered. "I think this condom might be wrong. If it's ok with you Alan I'd take it off and ask me to cum inside your wife. If it's Ok for you Sophie I'd ask me to cum inside you and have the best climax of your life when I do."

"Frank pull out I don't think you want that condom on do you?" I said and as he pulled out I rolled it off his cock.

"Frank I want you bareback, cum inside me please!" Sophie urged.

"Well if you are really sure guys?"

"Yes!" We both stated.

He buried in my wife and I came again as did she. I watched as they fucked then he announced he was cuming and gave a grunt: I exploded in my pants again and Sophie's whole body contracted as she wailed clinging onto Frank.

"If it's fine with you Sophie you will want my bare cock pumping in your pussy again until you are pregnant so you better book your twice weekly appointments for the next few months. If it's fine with you Alan you will want me to cum inside your wife whenever we meet until she has my baby." He pulled out of Sophie.

"Now guys I suggest you restrict your sex to oral sessions for a while. If it's fine with you Alan you prefer to eat your wife out rather than penetrate her, if it's fine with you Sophie you prefer Alan to eat you rather than have any penetration and you don't like his cock so won't touch it. If it's ok with you Alan you don't need to jack off you will cum only when you wife has a climax from you mouth or she is fucking me.

I sat looking at Sophie's sex and grew hard. She smiled and spread herself. I dived in and ate her and despite the thick cum leaking out it felt great especially when she came and I did again in my pants.

Frank was fantastic for us. I was so grateful he was willing to fuck Sophie and we visited two times a week. Eventually Sophie became pregnant and she cried as she found out.

Kindly Frank agreed to fuck Sophie until she was five months gone which gave me loads of time to suck the cum from her pussy. Finally we went back to him and I left feeling so fortunate.

After the baby we were very happy. Sophie and I have a great sex life; getting what we actually want the most. Thanks to Frank she is fucking his friends three or four times a week and I got to eat her clean, which is fantastic. She's eight months gone now with number two all thanks to Frank who has agreed to help us have five children.

What a wonderful man.



