GRANDDAD'S GAMES

BY MEMORIES

Part 4

On Friday Grandad said that he knew that I liked being tied up
and having sex and that he had planned a whole weekend for me,
playing like that.

Once we were in the car he said he would need to blindfold me so
I didn't know where we went and I let him stick some patches over
my eyes and put sunglasses on me so no one would know.

He drove for about 20 minutes and stopped and he helped me out
and told me we were going to meet some people and to just relax
and be honest if they asked me any questions. He said no one was
going to force me to do anything and it was up to me if I still
wanted to play or not. I told him that I did but I must admit I
was a bit scared.

He led me somewhere and there were other people there. Someone
put wristbands on me and my hands were fastened above me and
either side of me so I was standing in a Y shape. A woman asked
me my name and I told her. Then she asked my age and then she
asked me if I was here willingly and I said yes. She told me that
she had been told that I liked bondage and being dominated and
having sex when I am tied up and was that true and I said yes.
Then she said if I wanted to stop now was the time but if I
didn't say so now then I would be their's till Sunday afternoon
so I didn't say anything.

She took the pads off my eyes and I was tied to a fence next to a
swimming pool. The fence had round things on the top and some
elastic stuff tied round them that was clipped onto my wrist
bands. The woman was about 45 and Grandad was sitting at a table
with a man who turned out to be the woman's husband and there was
another table with two more men. All the men were around 50 I
think.

The woman put a ball gag on me, which was hard cos the ball was
too big and she put a green collar like a dog collar with a
little box on it around my neck. She said that all around the
garden and some parts of the house and grounds were off limits to
me and that if I went near an 'off limit' place the collar would
bleep and if I ignored that it would give me a shock. She said
they were made for dog training and she showed me a remote with a
button that if she pressed it, it would give me a shock.

The house is a big manor house that must have cost millions and
there were huge lawns and woods there but where we were was
fenced on 3 sides and with the house on the other so I couldn't
see anything else.

The woman let me go from the fence and clipped my hands behind my
back and clipped a lead to the collar and led me over to where
the two men were sitting and made me stand next to one of them.
He ran his hands up my legs under my skirt and squeezed my bum
then he pulled me onto his lap and squeezed my boobs and felt my
stomach.

The woman said they had never had anyone as young as me to play
with so it was obvious that they did this stuff lots.

The man was quite gentle and when he let me go she led me to the
other man at that table and he did the same except when I sat on
his lap he pulled my skirt up and my legs apart and rubbed me
between my legs which I liked.

Then the woman led me over to the man sitting with Grandad and he
felt my breasts and then pulled me across his lap, lifted my
skirt and gave me six hard smacks on my bum. It hurt but I didn't
cry and he liked that and the woman took me back to stand in
front of the tables and took off the lead and undid my hands and
went and sat with Grandad and her husband.

She told me to undress for them and I decided it was time to
resist so I shook my head and just stood there. The woman told me
again to undress and when I didn't she picked up the controls for
the collar and it started beeping. She said if I hadn't started
undressing by the time the beeps finished I would get a shock so
I just stood there. I didn't realise how much the shock would
hurt and I tried to tear the collar off but all I could do was
twist it around to shock a different part of my neck.

I was on the ground now and the woman said as soon as I started
undressing the shock would stop so I pulled my shoe off and it
stopped.. The woman made me stand up and take the rest of my
clothes off so I started with the other shoe and then took my
shirt and the skirt off. They liked it when I took my bra and
thong off and made me turn around for them.

The woman told me to get into the swimming pool and swim up and
down till she told me I can stop. She said that I should swim
normally one way and on my back the other way and that if I
stopped without permission she would shock me.

Luckly the water was nice and warm and I got in and started
swimming up and down like I had been told. It wasn't a huge pool
and I counted 60 lengths before I began to get tired. I wanted to
ask to stop but with the gag in I couldn't so I just kept looking
up at her but all she did was smile and tell me to keep going. By
80 lengths I was struggling to keep going and she told me that I
could stop once I had done 100.

I just managed to do the 100 before I got cramp and she had to
help me get out of the pool and got me to lay on a sun lounger as
she massaged my legs till I could stand again.

After I was better she got me to stand between two posts that
were thick like telegraph poles but shorter and she stood on a
stool to fix my arms to the tops and then she tied my legs to the
bottoms so I was standing like an X between them.

An older man like a butler came out with a tray of tea and I
caught him looking at me loads as he served them all. There was a
dog there too and he kept sticking his nose up between my legs
even though the woman kept telling him off but the men thought it
was funny.

While they were having tea the woman asked me if I'd like to give
the men a blow job and I shook my head no. I expected to get
another shock but she picked up a small whip with lots of bits
hanging from it and started hitting me gently on my back and bum.

At first it didn't hurt but the more she did it the more it
stung. She was hitting me continuously left right left right up
and down my back, the top of my arms, my bum and the tops of my
legs. When she started I had thought I could take it but the more
she did it the more it hurt till I was crying and nodding that
I'd do it.

At first she didn't notice I was nodding and she carried on doing
it but when she took a break and walked around the front of me
she asked me again and I kept nodding yes.

They played a game to see who I had to suck first. They had a toy
bow and arrow, the kind you have a sticky top on but they had
taken the top off so it just ended in the wooden end. The woman
said that the man who got it nearest my left nipple got to get
sucked first.

She put an orange bucket over my head to protect my face and I
stood there waiting for the wooden arrow to hit me. At first they
all missed but the first one to hit me bounced off the top of my
leg. It didn't hurt much just a little so I wasn't worried after
that. One arrow hit my stomach and another grazed my arm before
the last one hit the bucket. I was glad the woman had put it on
me.

I was untied and led to one of the two men and pushed down to
kneel in front of him. The woman told me to get on with it so I
unzipped him and took his trousers and pants off. He was hard
already and was about 6 inches long. I decided it was best to be
willing so I kissed and licked the end and teased him before
taking him inside my mouth and licking my tongue around him. Men
like the feel of the stud in my tongue and he was soon moaning as
I swallowed him into my throat and worked hard on making him cum.

He didn't touch me but just sat there until he cummed in my
mouth. I did what Grandad likes me to do and opened my mouth to
show him some of his cum before swallowing it and cleaning his
cock up with my tongue.

The next man was the other one on the same table. He was very
well dressed and everyone seemed to look up to him. The other man
had asked if he wanted to go first but he had said that the first
man had won so he would wait his turn.

I took his trousers and pants off and he had a long thin cock
about 8 inches long. He was leaking a bit so I licked that off
and then sucked him off too. I had trouble swallowing all of him
cos he was so long but I got there in the end. He had one hand on
my head and the other on my boob while I did it but he didn't
hurt me. He cummed a lot like he hadn't done it for a while which
made me smile.

Next was the woman's husband. He already had his trousers off and
as soon as I took his cock into my mouth he grabbed two handfuls
of my hair and started pulling me on and off his cock and making
me choke on him. He wasn't very big only about 5 inches but he
was quite thick. The woman grabbed my hands and held them while
her husband used me and he lasted for ages before he cummed.

Last was Grandad and I was used to him. He just let me work on
him and told me how well I was doing until he cummed too.

The woman sat on a chair and pulled her knickers off and told me
to come and eat her now. At first I said no way but she pressed
the button on my collar so it started beeping so I crawled over
to her and she opened her legs wide and pulled my head down
between them. She kept telling me what to do and what she liked
and my tongue hurt from pushing inside her. The dog kept sticking
its nose up between my legs while I was doing this and the men
all thought that was very funny. The woman got me to start
frigging her wit my fingers while I licked her clit until she
cummed too and then she made me clean her up with my tongue. She
tasted a bit musky but she wasn't too bad.

After that the woman took me into the house, which was huge and
took me upstairs to a bedroom. On the way she showed me that
there were some parts of the house I couldn't go to and if I
tried the collar started bleeping. She showed me into a lovely
bedroom with a four poster bed and its own bathroom. She showed
me a lovely red dress that I was to wear for dinner and she left
me there to have a shower.

By now it was 8:30 and I had a shower and did my hair. The
drawers had some lovely underwear in them and there was a lovely
necklace and earrings on the dressing table for me to wear. The
dress was dark red and reached the floor and had a slit up the
front to the waist. When I stood up you couldn't see anything but
when I walked it showed off my legs and when I sat down you could
see up to my belly button.

I wore a red lacy push up bra that made my breasts almost pop out
of the dress and a red lacy thong. There were some hold up
stockings so I wore those as well as I thought it would look good
and a pair of 2 inch heels that matched the dress. I felt really
sexy.

The old man who was the butler came and told me it was time for
dinner and I saw he was looking me up and down as I walked past
him and went down stairs. He showed me where the dining room was
and the others were all waiting for me.

The rooms in that house are beautiful with loads of wood and the
lights with crystals hanging down and really old pictures and
furniture. The table had loads of silver and nice glasses and the
men were all dressed in diner suits. I have never been anywhere
like that before.

The woman got me to sit on a chair at the side of the room and I
noticed all the mens eyes were on my panties so I crossed my legs
but the woman told me to uncross them as the dress was designed
to show me off to the men.

I had a glass of champagne with a strawberry in it and had to go
around and speak to each of the men and let them touch me. All
the men put there hands between my legs and inside my thong as I
was talking to them and I was quite wet by the time they had
finished and we sat down.

We had melon and ham to start with and tiny chickens afterwards.
I was given several glasses of wine and all the men seemed
interested in knowing about me and my school and exams and stuff.
When Grandad said about me doing Gymnastics they wanted to see me
do the splits and they made the old man make a space on the table
and I had to climb up on it and do the splits in front of each of
them so they could play with my pussy while we waited for
pudding.

My breasts were bulging out the top of the dress which was very
tight and the woman's husband pulled the dress down and my
breasts up so they popped out for everyone to see. When he let go
of the dress my breasts were pushed up and were completely
uncovered and I was made to go back and do the splits again in
front of everyone so that they could play with my breasts as
well. The woman's husband was rough again and twisted and pulled
them making me cry but the tall man kissed them better for me
which was nice.

We had strawberries and cream and then the woman said they were
going to raise some money for charity and I was going to be
auctioned for the night to the highest bidder. She clipped my
hands together behind my back and put the dog lead back on me and
led me out in front of the table.

The thin man won with 6500 pounds and the woman's husband was
not happy about it. She led me to the man and handed him the lead
and the control for my collar and he pulled me onto his lap and
put his arm around me.

When we went into the sitting room he sat in an armchair and
again I sat on his lap and while they were talking he played with
me sticking his finger up inside my pussy and gently squeezing
and pulling my breasts and nipples. The men were talking about
things like the price of copper and silver and were advising each
other what to buy and sell and stuff like that.

The old man came in and the woman asked if the thin man whose
name was Andrew wanted him to take me upstairs and prepare me? He
said yes and handed the lead and control to the old man who led
me up to a bedroom where he unclipped my hands.. Once I was there
he told me to undress and while I did he took the covers off the
bed and just left the bottom sheet and the pillows on it. He got
me to use the loo and have a shower and dry my hair.

He laid a big pillow like thing that was round across the four
poster bed and got me to lay on the bed so the pillow thing was
under my bum and to spread my arms and legs wide apart. Then he
fastened me spread-eagled on the bed so my pussy was stuck right
up into the air. He put some more pillows under my head so I was
looking down my body and he tied a strap around my leg just on my
knee and thew it under the bed and tied the other end tight to my
other leg so my knees were pulled wide apart.

The straps all had something on them that clicked as you
tightened them up and he went around each strap tightening it
until I was stretched as tight as he could get me. He ran his
hands up my legs and over my pussy and across my tummy. Then he
felt my breasts and pulled on my nipples and then he stuck his
fingers up inside me and twisted them around a bit before making
me suck them clean.

The man called Andrew came into the room and the old man asked
him if he was satisfied with how I was prepared and when Andrew
said yes very, the old man left.

As he sat on the side of the bed and played with my breasts he
told me he had never had sex with anyone as young as me and he
was really looking forward to it. He went into the bathroom and
showered and came out naked. His cock was longer than ever and he
lay on the bed by the side of me and started playing with my
pussy, opening it with his fingers and rubbing them inside me.

He rolled over on top of me and I could see down between our
bodies because of all the pillows under my head. I watched as he
pushed his cock into me and saw it slowly disappear inside. He
was very long and I could feel it all the way inside me as he
started fucking in and out. He didn't take long before he was
slamming his body against mine and although it was hurting my
arms and legs and knees I was soon cuming as he did it hard. He
lasted about ten minutes before he came. He shoved himself hard
inside me and held it there as it jumped as his cum came out and
then he collapsed on top of me.

He lay on top of me for about 15 minutes and I thought he had
gone to sleep then he rolled off and lay there looking at me and
running his fingers over me.

After just stroking me for Ga while he got up on his knees and
sat on my chest telling me to suck his cock hard again because he
wanted to fuck me again and again.

I sucked and licked his cock and used my tongue to twirl around
it and clean it up and he started to get hard again. He started
pushing forward into me as if he was fucking me and soon he was
choking me as it got longer and harder again.

He pulled out and told me I was naughty for trying to make him
cum instead of letting him fuck me which wasn't true cos I hadn't
tried to stop him really. This time when he fucked me he lasted
over an hour and I had pins and needles in my arms and legs
before he finished and came inside me again.

He definitely went to sleep this time and so did I but he woke me
up some time later when he untied me.

He asked me if I wanted to go have another swim and I said yes so
we both had a shower together and he washed me while I washed him
and then we went downstairs to the pool. He wore a bathrobe but
made me go naked.

The pool was all lit up and looked lovely and we both swam naked
in it and he kept catching me and kissing me and feeling me up.
His cock got all hard again and he sat on a sun-lounger and got
me to sit on his cock so it was right up inside me while he held
my hands behind me and then he got me to fuck myself on him till
he cummed which took ages and after he made me clean his cock up
again with my mouth.

We went back to bed and in the morning the butler brought in tea
for us both. After we had drunk it I had to suck him hard again
and climb on top and fuck myself on him till he came. I had a
shower and he suggested that I have a swim so I took it that he
wanted me to go and went downstairs to the pool with just a towel
on.

I swam about for a bit and the woman's husband came out and
watched me while he drunk his coffee then he told me to get out
and when I did he grabbed my hands and fastened the clips
together behind my back. He pulled me across some sharp stones
that hurt my feet and into a garage with a land rover in and held
me against the wall with his hand around me neck.

He kicked his trousers and pants off and pushed my legs apart
before holding his cock in one hand and guiding it into me. He
was fucking me up against the wall and my feet were off the
ground with the force of his fucks. He still had one hand around
my throat and I felt very scared cos he was calling me loads of
nasty names. I think he really hates girls maybe cos his wife
tells him what to do all the time. He had me cuming lots before
he slammed me hard against the wall and cummed inside me. Pulling
out of me he pushed me to my knees and I started cleaning him up
before he could get cross with me.

Afterwards he wiped my pussy over with an old rag to clean it and
led me back to the house telling me to get dressed if I wanted
some breakfast. I went upstairs and someone had put a pale blue
bikini on my bed so I guessed that was what they wanted me to
wear so I had a shower and put it on.

I found the others in a room having breakfast and gave Grandad a
kiss and hug like I normally do. He said I should do the same to
the others so I hugged and kissed them all. The woman told me
that I was free to do what I wanted until 10:30 when I would have
my riding lesson so after breakfast I explored the garden and
woods and went for another swim and lay around.

The butler came and found me and told me to go with him just
before 10:30 and he led me down into the basement and took me
into a room with loads of toys. It was a dungeon and had chains
on the walls and a beam that could be raised and lowered and a
horse for tying people over and loads of whips and things with
spikes and a workbench with ropes on the corners and clamps and
stuff on. He told me that I was going to spend the afternoon down
here so I should make the most of my morning then he led me back
upstairs to the stables.

The horse was beautiful. He was a 17hh stallion and he was a
grey. The saddle had a bit added which was exactly where my pussy
would be and I knew that I wasn't just going to be having a nice
ride.

The woman got me to take off the bikini while the men watched and
clipped my hands together behind my back. She tied a belt around
my arms just above my elbows and pulled it till it hurt and that
made my breasts stick out more and she told me it would make me
sit up straight.

She got her husband and Andrew to lift me onto the horse which
they enjoyed doing. She fingered me a bit and then got me to
scoot forward so that the dildo thing that was attached to the
saddle went inside my pussy. It was about 8 inches long and about
4 inches were inside me.

Then she clipped my hands to the back of the saddle and tied a
loop from my knees to the front of the saddle on both sides. This
kept my knees bent so I couldn't do what I normally do when I
ride which is rise in the saddle. Then she led me around the sand
school and the men were commenting on how I looked like lady
Godiva. She pressed a button on the front of the saddle and the
dildo thing started buzzing inside me then she flicked the horse
with her whip and it started walking.

As the horse walked I was pushed backward and forward on the
saddle and the dildo pushed further inside me. I didn't last long
and had an orgasm within minutes and couldn't help making a
noise, which the men all laughed and commentated on.

The woman was standing in the middle and had the horse on a long
reign as it walked around in circles. She had a schooling whip
which is a very long whip that is stiff for about 5 foot at the
handle end and then has one piece of braid about 5 foot long that
splits at the very end into several bits for the last 2 inches.
It makes a loud crack when you crack it in the air and normally
you just touch it on the horse and he knows what to do.

I tried very hard to be quiet when I came the second time but as
I moaned she flicked the whip against my leg making me yell and
stopping me cumming and leaving a red mark. I tried to grip the
horse with my legs but I was being pushed forward and back with
every step he was taking and the dildo and saddle were soaking
wet where I was cumming so much and dripping over them.

The woman kept flicking me with the whip on my legs and arms and
several times on my shoulders. Each time I yelled cos it hurt but
several times the men shouted encouragement to her wanting her to
do it more.

After some time her husband took over and made the horse trot and
cos I couldn't do a rising trot because of my knees being tied
forward I was thrown back and forward hard on the saddle making
the dildo smash hard into me and hurting me inside. I was still
cumming lots but it was beginning to hurt. It hurt even more when
he flicked the whip against my breasts and I screamed when he did
that. I don't know how long he did it for but because my hands
were tied behind me I couldn't do anything to protect myself.

Several times he got me right on my nipples and that hurt worst
but he whipped all over my stomach too and every time it hurt.

He kept making the horse switch between walking and trotting and
changed it so it went the other way too so he could get to the
side that wasn't being hit. I had so many orgasms I lost count
and I must have fainted cos I woke up and I was laying on a sun
lounger.

The woman washed me off and put some cream on me and told me I
could rest till after lunch and I fell asleep. The old man woke
me up for lunch and we sat at the table by the pool. The men said
it was a shame I had passed out cos they all had hard ons that
needed satisfying after watching me ride but no one touched me
during lunch.

After lunch they let me relax and I sunbathed and then swam when
the woman suggested it. She made me shower to get the cream off
first and I could see all the red marks from the whip all over my
front and legs.

About 3 in the afternoon I was told to dry off and go down to the
dungeon by the old man and when I got there they were all waiting
for me except Grandad. I asked about him and the woman said he
didn't want to watch.

I was frightened that Grandad wasn't there as I had to take off
my bikini again and let them tie my hands to the ropes that hung
down from the ceiling. The men pulled on the ropes till I was
only just touching the floor and then they tied my legs to ropes
and pulled them wide apart and tied them to rings in the floor so
I was hanging by my hands.

The woman pushed a ball gag into my mouth which was a kind of
solid plastic ball with lots of holes in it and went right behind
my teeth. She got a short flogger type whip with a handle that
was about six inches long and lots of leather strands that were
about 2 foot long and whipped my back with it six times.

Each of the men had a go and she showed Andrew and the other man
how best to do it. It stung but it didn't make me cry out.

I was dribbling down my front through the ball gag which I didn't
like but because of the holes and the way my mouth was forced
open I couldn't swallow.

The woman's husband, who they called the Major, picked up a cane
and gave me six hits on my bottom. He did it really hard and I
cried out with each one. He said that is how it should be done
but his wife reminded him I was here willingly and if he wanted
me to come back he should bear that in mind. He said I wouldn't
be there if I wasn't a nasty cunt who loved it and I saw his wife
give him a nasty look.

The other man whose name I never found out was given the cane and
told to give me six strokes where ever he wanted. He hesitated
and then said her breasts and stood to my side as he hit me on my
breast. The first two he managed to miss my breasts and hit me
just below but his third stroke hit me on the bottom of my breast
hard and made me struggle and cry. He switched to my other breast
but he didn't do it that hard again.

Andrew wanted to cane me on my pussy but the woman said it would
be better if my pussy was held open so he would be caning me in
my pussy instead of just on the lips. She got two bulldog clips
with string attached and clipped one to each of my lips, which
was very painful and then pulled them and tied the string behind
my back so my lips were pulled apart and held open like that.
Andrew stood in front of me and flicked the cane up between my
legs but hit one of my lips. It stung like hell and it made me
yell and dance, which they all liked a lot. The next two missed
my pussy and hit my legs which hurt a lot but not as much as the
first one but I could see Andrew was getting cross as the others
made fun of him.

The next one hit me hard right in the middle of my pussy and I
screamed and struggled as it hurt really bad and I was already
sore there from the horse riding. Once I had stopped struggling
Andrew hit me twice more but once on each side of my pussy
deliberately so he didn't hurt me too much.

The woman took the cane and got her husband to stand behind me
and push my bum forward. She stood and played with my clit till
it was hard and then stood off to one side and tapped me lightly
on my clit with the cane. It hurt a lot and I danced and
struggled and she pointed out that it wasn't necessary to hit
hard to have the most effect. She caned me on each of my nipples
twice and right on my bum hole once too. All of them were painful
but she didn't hit any of them really hard.

They let me down and tied my legs to the front of a table and
pushed me back so I was laying on my back on it but with my legs
on the floor and then tied my hands to the legs at the top of the
table.

It was very uncomfortable but they didn't care as each of the men
fucked me laying like that. I was already sore and at first I was
crying while they did it but soon I was having orgasms and
enjoying it. All the men made me clean their cocks after they had
fucked me and the woman made me lick her while the men were doing
me. When they finished me she had a strap on dildo where one side
went inside her and the other went inside me. Her side was all
smooth and about six inches long but my side was knobbly and
about eight inches long.

She had trouble getting it right inside me even though I must
have been stretched and she stood there like a man and fucked me
hard with it while she twisted and pulled on my clit. The men
were enjoying seeing a woman doing a girl and encouraged her to
do me harder all the time. I could see she was having orgasms and
so was I but she kept going for ages before collapsing on top of
me.

When she pulled out the men all wanted to see how much she had
stretched me and if they could get there hands inside me. They
tried but they were all too big but they each tried to see how
many fingers they could get up me which hurt cos I was pretty
sore by this time.

They played with my pussy and breasts, putting pegs on my breasts
and nipples and pussy lips and pulling them off one by one to
make me jump. They made me cum loads of times with vibrators on
my clit and in my pussy. They had a thing for killing flies
shaped like a racket and they used that on my breasts and against
my skin. It made my muscles go tight under my skin and hurt most
when they touched it lightly on me as then a spark jumped from
the thing to my skin making me yell. The Major told them that he
would have one taken apart and put onto a dildo so they could
shove it inside me next time.

They put the bulldog clips onto my nipples which hurt a lot and
put the string over a rail above me and each one added a weight
until it pulled the clip off my nipple. The last one to add the
weight was out and the other two did the same to my other nipple
until that pulled free so the one who put the last weight on was
out. My nipple was stretched up about six inches each time before
the clip was pulled free and I screamed each time at the pain as
it was pulled off.

They shoved a hose up my pussy and washed me out inside and then
each of them fucked me again except the woman who just made me
eat her till she came and made me lick her all clean.

I was untied and taken upstairs and told that I could rest until
dinner time so I had a shower and went and layed by the pool and
slept.

The old man woke me with some tea and cake and I had another swim
and relaxed around the pool before exploring the house a bit.
Several places I couldn't go because my collar started beeping
but it is a lovely house. They even had a suit of armour in the
hall.

I had a sleep in my room before dinner and the butler woke me up
and told me to get ready. He got out a beautiful pale blue dress
and a bra and thong to match for me to wear. I told him that the
collar I had to wear didn't match and he said he would be sure to
pass on my comment.

Dinner was the same as the night before except I didn't have to
do the splits but they wanted me to pull my breasts out of the
dress right from the start and after the starters they had me
take my thong off so they had better access to my pussy.

The auction that night was for my bum and I noticed Andrew didn't
bid much probably cos he thought someone else should have a go.
The other man only went up to 800 pounds and I wasn't very happy
when the Major won with 1000 pounds as I knew it was going to be
painful. Instead of me sitting on the Majors lap he called the
butler in and told him to give me an enema and he said that the
butler could take his pleasure of me while he did it, which I
guess was there way of making sure the butler kept quiet about
what they did.

He got me to walk in front of him and directed me down to the
basement again. Once we got there he got me to kneel in front of
him and he got his cock out and made me suck him off. He was
pretty big and thick for an old man, bigger than the Major
anyway. There was a big shower there and once he had cum he got
me to strip and then gave me a towel to kneel on and got some
cream and rubbed it on my bum. He stuck his finger up inside me
and rubbed the cream inside me and then stuck the hose inside my
bum and held it there while he turned it on.

He filled me up till my stomach was bulging and then had me jump
up and down before letting me go to the toilet to get rid of it.
He did that four times and by then when I went it ws clean water
coming out.

He took me over to the table and played with me a bit, squeezing
my breasts and fingering my pussy till he was hard again and then
he turned me around and made me bend over while he did me from
behind. I've always liked being done doggy style and he made me
cum three times before emptying his balls inside me.

He washed me out with the hose and cleaned me up before taking me
naked up to the Major's bedroom, which was huge. They had the
usual four poster bed but he didn't tie me on it. Instead he got
me to bend over a chair like thing that had two padded rails, one
that went under my tummy and against the top of my legs and the
other that went across just under my breasts. I had to kneel on a
pad on it so my bum was up in the air then he got me to spread my
feet and tied them to each side of the thing so my legs were
spread wide apart. He tied a belt across my back and fastened it
to the rail against my legs and another one across my back at the
top that fastened to the rail under my breasts. Next he tied my
hands down to either side of the thing. I could move my bum and
my head but not much else. Finally he put a belt over my back at
the waist and fastened it down and pulled it tight so my back was
arched and I was held really tight.

He moved the thing and I realised that it was on wheels so he
could push me around over so that I was next to the bed and then
he tied my hair back into a pony tail so that it didn't cover my
face and put a small ball gag on me. He went out of the room and
came back after a little while and stood waiting until the Major
and his wife came in. The major asked if he had used me and the
old man confirmed that he had and that I was surprisingly tight
still. I was blushing cos they were talking about me like I was a
thing and not a person.

The woman went into the bathroom and the man sent the butler away
and started to undress. Every now and then he would rub his hands
across my back and bum and up my legs and when he was naked I saw
his cock was really hard.

He pulled the thing I was on over to a chair and sat down. His
hands went under my front and started to pinch and pull my
nipples, twisting them and making me cry. He told me he loved it
when I cried cos it made him even harder. He picked up a slipper
and started smacking my bum with it while he pulled and twisted
my nipples with his other hand. He smacked my face a couple of
times but he didn't do it really hard.

When his wife came back in she was wearing a short nighty and she
sat on the edge of the bed. The Major wheeled me over so my head
was between her legs and I realised why I was tied over this. He
was going to do me in the bum while she made me lick and suck her
till she had an orgasm. Cos the thing was on wheels the harder he
did me from behind the harder I would be pushed into her fanny.

The woman took my gag off and offered me a sip of drink, which I
needed and then she pushed herself forward so my mouth was level
with her pussy and told me to get busy. I started licking her
there as the major watched and he kept squeezing my breasts like
he was trying to get milk out of them.

I got his wife to orgasm once before he walked around behind me
and I braced myself for being bummed. He started by smacking my
bum hard with his bare hand and then rubbing his cock up and down
the lips of my pussy. He started to fuck me in the pussy and then
pulled out and pulled my bum apart with a hand either side.

When he started to push in it hurt but thanks to the enema and
some cream the butler had left in me it wasn't too bad. I got a
slap around my face for not concentrating on the woman's pussy
but once he got his cock right inside me he was pushing my face
so hard against his wife's pussy that I didn't really have to do
very much.

She had loads of orgasms while he bummed me but I never got any
cos he didn't do anything to me that was nice. He lasted almost
an hour and by then I was getting a sore face as well as a sore
bum. When he cummed he shoved as deep as he could inside me and I
felt his cock jumping as he squirted inside me.

Once he finished he pulled me away from his wife and shoved his
cock in my face and told me to clean it up. It still tasted nasty
even though I had been washed out down there but I made a good
job of cleaning it anyway.

He collapsed onto the bed next to his wife and the two of them
just laid there for a while and ignored me. When they moved again
he went to the bathroom and while he was gone the woman made me
clean her pussy up with my tongue.

The butler came up and was told to take me around to the other
guests and that when they had finished with me he could take his
turn again if he wanted.

He took me to Andrew's bedroom first and Andrew started fucking
my pussy again and then did me in the bum till he came. He hurt
up there cos he is so long but he didn't last long. Next it was
off to the other man's bedroom. I was being wheeled about like I
was a desert trolley and the thought made me smile.

I think this man worked for Andrew cos he didn't seem to have
much money compared to the others and he was always next to
Andrew during the day. He pushed himself straight into my bum and
fucked me there hard and fast until he cummed. I could feel it
all dripping out of me and was a bit worried that they might have
hurt me and that it might be blood. Next was Grandad and he sent
the butler away for a while and asked me if I was ok. I said yes
I was fine but asked why he had left me during the afternoon as I
had worried about him not being there. He said that he didn't
like it when I was being hurt so he had decided to leave us to
it. He didn't want to do my bum so he just got me to give him a
blow job and we talked until the butler came back for me.

The butler took me to my own bedroom and asked if I could keep a
secret. He wanted to watch his teenage son do me. I said that it
was ok with me and that I wouldn't tell anyone and cleaned me up
and gagged me and went and got his son.

His son was a little older than me and by the time his dad got
him to strip he was already rock hard. His cock was skinny and
only about six inches long but it was already leaking and I
smiled cos I knew he wasn't going to last very long.

He chose to do me in the pussy first and although he didn't last
very long all the fumbling down there at least gave me an orgasm
at last. His Dad decided to show him how to do it and took me up
the bum while he made me suck his son's cock till it was hard
again. The butler didn't cum in my bum but held his cock as he
cummed and walked around and let it go straight into my eyes
which his son thought was great.

When his son was hard again he did my bum too and tried to pull
out and walk around to let it go in my face but he lost it and it
went all over the floor so his dad just had me lick his cock
clean for him.

After that the butler untied me and helped me clean myself up and
put me to bed but I could still feel the cum leaking out of me as
I went to sleep.

The Major woke me up in the morning by climbing into my bed. He
gave me a cuddle and pushed my legs apart and lay on me and
fucked me. He wasn't too rough and he kissed me and told me how
much he had enjoyed playing with me and that he hoped my Grandad
would bring me back again.

After he had gone I had a shower and then a swim and went to
breakfast. The woman told me that play ended at 2pm and that
after that no one could touch me without my agreement.

After breakfast they had a game of paintball planned. Each of the
men were given a paintball rifle with a different colour and 20
shots. They had set up lots of stuff on the lawn and I had to
hide in the stuff and they had to try and shoot me with the
paintball guns. They had lines around the edge of the lawn and
they couldn't come any closer but wherever I hid I was exposed to
one side or another.

The woman fixed a mask over my face so that I wouldn't get shot
in my face and she got me to undress. She told them that they got
1 point for a shot that hit my body and that my head, legs and
arms didn't count. If they hit my breasts or my bum they got two
points and if they got my pussy or my nipples they got five
points. They had 30 minutes to use up all of their shots.

I went to the far side of the stuff on the lawn and waited till
she called start and watched as the men split up and went around
the boundaries. The first few shots missed me completely but then
one hit my leg. It really stung and while I was rolled up holding
it I got shot three times on my bum and back. Each one felt like
I had been stung by a wasp and I tried moving around fast so that
they missed me lots.

It worked for a while and they used up lots of shots without
hitting me but either I tired or their aim got better cos I got
shot right on my left breast and twice between my legs all at the
same time.

As I screamed and fell down another shot got me right between the
cheeks of my bum and I heard the woman call a timeout. I thought
that she had stopped it to check on me but all she did was count
the paint marks on me and wipe me clean again and advise me to
keep moving and then she walked off and told them to fire.

I got hit several more times on my back and bum but managed to
avoid being shot anywhere else and then they stopped firing. I
though that they had run out so stood up and started walking
towards them but they had tricked me and I was caught in the open
as all three men shot me at the same time. Two of them got my
breasts and the other got me right on the nipple. I fell over and
rolled up to protect myself and got shot several more times on
the back and on my bum before they stopped.

I was still rolled up when they came over to me and the woman
counted the hits and said the Major was an easy winner. He got
the others to hold me on my back and said if I was a wounded
animal he would put me out of my misery with a bulett in my
breast, maybe one in my mouth and one in my cunt. As he said this
he ran the rifle over my body, prodding it against my lips, each
of my breasts and the entrance to my pussy.

For a minute I thought he was really going to push the rifle into
me and shoot me but he didn't. Instead the woman sat on my face
and told me to make her cum, the two men took a hand each and
made me start wanking them and the Major got between my legs and
started fucking me in the pussy.

The woman had several orgasms and so did I before the men had all
cum. The men I was wanking cummed all over my breasts and the
Major cummed in my pussy so I realised what he had meant.

I was taken back to the house and told to go and clean up and I
went up and had a shower. The butler came into my room with some
clothes for me while I was drying myself and asked to do me again
and I let him fuck me on the bed. He was good at making me cum
better than all the other men there.

I got dressed and went down to the pool and we sat around with
drinks until dinner which was really nice and then the woman took
the collar off and said how much they had enjoyed playing with me
and that she hoped I might come back again. I hugged and kissed
all the men and the butler winked at me and then we got into the
car to come home. Grandad made me wear the blindfold again for
fifteen minutes before I could take it off so that I didn't know
where we had gone.

I asked about going back and Grandad said that if I wanted to
then we could but that he would decide when it would be and that
it would be a surprise when we did go.

All the way home I could feel myself leaking their cum and when
we got home went up for a shower. I checked over my body and
apart from lots of red marks where the paintballs hit and a few
stripes from the whips it isn't too bad. My pussy, bum and
nipples are still sore but I really enjoyed it and want to go
again.

