Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 11 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: mffff, oral, exhib, nosex, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born around 16 years ago with something 
special - a complete functional set of female sex organs.  
He has since found they don't really belong to him but to 
his twin sister Tina who spent much of her early life 
sharing his body.

Since she is able to emerge from and rejoin him, they 
share their memories, their experiences, and their sexual 
desires.

*********************************************************

WEEK 12 Saturday
===============

Because it was easier to move their props on and leave 
them there until the audience had departed, their magic 
act was the last on the Stage Manager's schedule.

The advantage of this was they didn't have long to wait 
after they finished to find out how well they did.  The 
disadvantage was that they had longer for the butterflies 
to take hold.

It gave Leslie a chance to stir Justin up.  "Relax or 
you'll get your hand signals wrong and Tina will end up 
naked again."

Tyler and Katie had been told only that the twins (or 
"cousins" as they were believed to be by almost everyone) 
thought Leslie would "eventually" be coaxed into joining 
them and that their secrets were as safe as could be for 
now.

They accepted Leslie's inclusion in the performance had 
been necessary to allay her suspicions and so didn't mind 
sharing the spotlight, especially since Leslie wouldn't 
be in it and wasn't in line for a share of the profits.  
It hadn't been mentioned when she agreed and Tina and 
Justin thought they could find some way to compensate her 
later.

Justin and Tina also wanted their next "meeting" with 
Tyler and Katie to be a surprise - for them and for 
Leslie.  If they won they figured they could celebrate 
that very evening and if they didn't, well maybe they 
could help console each other.

Some of the other acts were quite good; many were 
mediocre.  There was even another magician and he did 
have a small live rabbit in his top hat plus innumerable 
scarves and a wand that turned into a bouquet.  Quite 
skilfully performed for a twelve year old but nothing 
visually spectacular.

The weren't worried by him unless they faced a vote to 
"encourage youth" which unfortunately would mean people 
younger than themselves, but they didn't know how they 
would be rated against some of the singers and musicians.

Each act had a maximum of seven minutes and the Stage 
Manager allowed up to three minutes between acts.  With 
twenty acts, the inevitable delays and a short interval, 
they were watching the monitor in what was laughingly 
called the "green room" with up to thirty odd people for 
around two and a half hours.

It was better after interval, the din quietened with the 
numbers thinned by those performers who preferred to 
watch the rest of the show from the auditorium.  They 
were all especially happy to have lost one particular 
loudmouth who had taken the role of unofficial judge 
until his own turn had come - the laughter that greeted 
him on his return had encouraged him to be one of the 
first to leave.

Justin and his father Mal had been down first thing that 
morning to put a simple pulley in place, with a rope tied 
back ready to hold the curtain when it was needed.  When 
it was time to hook things up Justin was relieved to find 
no-one had meddled with it in the meantime.  He pulled up 
the curtain with Tina inside while the other three girls 
brought the boxes and other gear onto the stage.

The Stage Manager counted them down as they returned to 
the wings and they heard the announcer's call "Our final 
act - presenting Justin the Magnificent" followed by 
initial strains of Scheherazade.  It seemed to be a 
little unfair that he got all the credit when Tina really 
did all the work.

The curtains parted and Tyler and Katie started their 
routine to the polite applause from an audience growing 
tired and looking forward to the final act, regardless of 
who it was.  For some reason they had vetoed Justin's 
suggestion that they do the dance of the seven veils, 
well two - there was a time limit.  He had been pleased 
when they suggested they could organise a private viewing 
though.

He didn't know about the audience but he found their warm 
up highly erotic and only hoped he wouldn't have to 
perform with a boner clearly displayed; still if it were 
that good the audience wouldn't be watching him.

He heard his cue and bounced out on to the stage with a 
"salaam" flourish and clapped his hands.

Katie and Tyler immediately came and knelt beside him 
facing the audience so their cleavage was on display to 
the judges (what Katie missed out on Tyler made up for).

They handed him two streamers, one bright yellow and the 
other a fluorescent pink.

"Can I ask for the assistance of someone in the front row 
please."  He looked at an eager girl about 10 years old 
and she jumped up.

"Would you please ask two of the judges to mark these 
streamers in some way so they can identify them later."  
He handed her the streamers and two felt markers.

While she did that his lovely assistants opened the front 
and back sides of the boxes and he demonstrated to the 
audience that they were perfectly empty.

The streamers had been fastened around a metal circle 
from a key ring and Justin got the girl to bring them up 
on stage and stretch to hang each ring by a hook in the 
top of the box.  The girls then sealed the backs of the 
boxes before weaving across the stage to close the front 
of the other girl's box.

Justin told the audience that he was able to transpose 
the contents of the two boxes and he too moved back and 
forth between them making appropriate gestures before 
each box.  It would have looked better with a bit of 
smoke or flashes but Justin had watched a few David 
Copperfield tapes and had copied some of the moves.

In the end he had gotten an old silver teapot and painted 
it an antique bronze.  As Aladdin's lamp it wasn't the 
best prop but it was something to cue the audience with.  
Holding it high over his head he rubbed it as he shouted 
"Profigliano" and the two girls allowed the front and 
backs to drop to the floor with a bang.

Presentation might not earn them as many marks as they 
could have earned but the trick was definitely a winner.

The girl collected the streamers and held them up high as 
instructed then returned them to the judges who verified 
their authenticity.  Two of their precious seven minutes 
had passed; Justin picked up the pace.

"And now I would like to finish with our most dangerous 
act - The Divided Maiden.  A wondrous beauty from the 
harem will be divided and restored before your very eyes.

He clapped again and the curtain dropped.  Tina was 
revealed standing with her arms crossed over her chest; 
she lifted them above her as Leslie turned the music 
louder and then brought them down in a prayerful pose, 
palms together, as she stepped over the curtain.  As far 
as the assistants and the stage hands were aware she had 
been there all the time.  She swayed as Katie had shown 
her as she walked step-pause-step-pause until she reached 
the centre-front of the stage.

Katie came over with a purple box and Justin showed the 
audience that it was empty - four sides and a base - then 
he put it on the floor and Tina delicately stepped into 
it; her harem costume looked delicious.

Quickly - for time was still going - Justin showed one 
after another of the boxes were hollow before stacking 
them up until Tina was hidden by six colours forming a 
rainbow sequence.

The girls now handed him the first plywood lids and he 
tapped them together before pushing them into place top 
and bottom of each gap.

Even the girls didn't know quite what was going on as 
they had rehearsed without Tina's involvement.  The twins 
couldn't give them too many chances to see; there was no 
way the act could be a conventional smoke, mirrors and 
hidden doors trick.

The audience couldn't understand how the girl could be 
squeezed into a smaller and smaller space - she must have 
left the boxes before the lids were put in place - and 
there was an unspoken consensus that they were performing 
the trick skilfully.

Now each section had been divided, the stack was 
disassembled and inverted - red was on the bottom then 
orange, yellow, green, blue and finally an inverted 
purple.  Justin had to chide the girls for temporarily 
putting green and yellow the wrong way around.

He quickly pulled out the slides, letting them fall to 
the stage.  He circled the colourful tower and then 
retrieved the magic lamp from across the stage.  He 
walked from one side to the other, polishing it furiously 
while he gave Tina the time she needed to get dressed 
again, then he lifted it high and shouted "Profigliano" 
again.

Katie took the lamp and Tyler the first box as Justin 
removed it from the pile.

Tina was not to be seen and the audience wondered if 
something had gone wrong.

He removed the second and she was still missing but as he 
lifted the third she stood with it, apparently to 
materialise as her face remained hidden until he lifted 
the box over her head.

The fourth and fifth quickly followed and he held her 
hand as she stepped out of the last box to line up with 
Katie by her side and Tyler by Justin's for a bow.  
"Thank you ladies and gentlemen".  A second bow and they 
left the stage to thunderous applause.

The Stage Manager congratulated them.  "I've worked with 
a few touring magicians and usually its only the audience 
who can't see what's going on but I've got no idea how 
you did that.  It was marvellous.  Going to let on?"

"If it's that good I'd be cutting my own throat giving it 
away wouldn't I?"

The Stage Manager grinned, not offended at being kept in 
the dark.  It was only proper if the young man intended 
to become a professional magician.

"You show good business sense.  Good luck for today and 
for the future."  He held Justin aside for a second, "and 
good luck with your harem too Sinbad, they look good 
enough to eat."

"Thanks."  He joined the others for the verdict.

There were five prizes and they had to stand chewing 
their nails as they waited, wondering if their names 
would even be called.  Fifth, fourth and third places 
went to people or groups they couldn't fault.

"And our runner up with a prize of $400 is ... 'Justin 
the Magnificent' and his magnificent harem."  The four of 
them dragged Leslie out on stage with them and they took 
their bows to acknowledge the applause and received a 
certificate and a cheque.  Another bow and they moved to 
the back of the stage to stand next to the other winners 
as they were lined up to hear the first place announced.

It was a buxom young woman who had sung while playing a 
small harp and Justin and Tina were quite happy to have 
been beaten by someone with such a beautiful voice and an 
amazing talent.  They joined in the applause and went to 
collect their props.

The Stage Manager had moved the props to the back of the 
stage while the curtains were briefly closed before the 
announcements and came over to speak to the group.

"I took the liberty to look at your props and you have 
gotten me well and truly stumped young man."  He went off 
shaking his head.

The twins' parents arrived while they were packing up and 
Justin helped his father to take the boxes out to the 
trailer.  "You'll have to tell me how you did that one 
day son.  I didn't see a hair of Tina's head while you 
were doing it.  If you had worked on making things happen 
with a bit more theatrics you might have ended up with 
first prize.  Still you all did well and $400 isn't 
anything to be sneezed at."

"You're right.  It was fun even if we didn't win 
anything."

"And you've got a couple of young ladies hanging around, 
in their PJs at that, waiting for you to say the word."

"Yeah but I had to wear the same outfit, didn't I?  
Anyway, I think they're more Tina's friends.  She's the 
one having the sleep over, though probably not in the 
same pyjamas."

"From what I've heard about teenage girls, sleep might be 
the last thing any of us get tonight."

Justin wasn't sure if that would be a good or a bad thing 
for him.

The other girls' parents had turned up when they got back 
and Justin had to accept another lot of congratulations 
as they all stood at the front of the auditorium.

"I just have to provide some distraction with the others, 
it's Tina who does most of the work."

"Well you all worked well together and the costumes 
looked lovely."

"We have to thank Mrs. Waters for that.  She helped us 
all make them."  Tina smiled at Tyler's mother.

"Seeing the result tonight, I was very happy to do it."

Most people had left so the group made their way to the 
car park.  Katie transferred her bag to Tyler's car and 
Leslie hopped in next to Tina.

"See you in a few minutes", Tina called.

"Bye Mum, Dad", called out Katie in turn.

-----

Justin had to downplay his role in the sleep over.  His 
parents had only just okayed it, since it was for Tina 
who had managed to make so many good friends when she had 
only been here for such a short time; the teenagers would 
have been under far greater supervision had there been 
any suggestion that Justin was as friendly with the girls 
as he was.

Everyone was delighted and excited by their success and 
all were a little peeved that neither Justin nor Tina 
would reveal their secret.

Only their mother Bernie could smile quietly as she 
considered the skilful way her darling children had 
turned their unusual ability into something useful, and 
fun.

She cornered Tina alone in the kitchen.  "I can 
understand the rainbow boxes, you simply merged while 
they were broken apart ..."

"That was fun - there's not a lot of time or room.  I 
have to find my clothes, usually when I'm standing on 
them in the dark, and get dressed without knocking the 
boxes over."

"How do you change the streamers though?"

"Well there's room for me in the box so I emerge from 
Justin into box A, put the streamer in my mouth, merge 
back with Justin so the streamer is now in his mouth, 
emerge into box B and swap the streamers then take the 
second streamer back into box A the same way.  Then he 
stood near the curtain and I emerged and got dressed 
ready for the second trick."

"So you spent most of your time flitting around the stage 
naked?"

"It's a good thing that Dad's a good carpenter; or would 
we have won if I had turned up naked in the rainbow 
boxes?"

"Get back to your guests, saucy."

"Okay Mum."  Tina gave her a kiss.  "Thanks for letting 
them stay over.  Oh and I've been thinking.  I wonder if 
Dad would let me call you Mum and Dad?  I'm not as likely 
to stuff things up then or if you call me your daughter 
he won't wonder so much about it.  What do you think?  
I'd rather call you Mum even if people think it's 
pretend."

Bernice had tears in her eyes.  "I love you dear.  I'll 
think of something to tell him.  Now get back to your 
guests before they start fighting over Justin."

"I don't think they're that bad."  She grinned but her 
mother didn't realise it was because none of them had 
experienced a Justin shortage when they had wanted him - 
at most there had been a short wait.

Justin had offered to give up his room but Tina had 
convinced her mother that there was more floor space in 
her room so the girls would have more space to set up the 
air mattresses to put their sleeping bags on.

There was a double and Katie and Tyler knew they could 
join their sleeping bags together, if they dared.  Tina 
had her bed and Leslie had the single mattress.

That left Justin, all alone in a separate room, in a 
double bed, while all the girls gathered next door.

Bernie had expected the girls to crowd in there for at 
least a little while and Mal wasn't going to interfere in 
his son's opportunity to get a girlfriend.  Neither 
thought him old enough to get into serious mischief 
though they quite expected some lesser indiscretions were 
likely to occur sometime soon - just not tonight.

It was inevitable and it was better their kids were 
"exploring" at home rather than in unsafe situations.

The idea that Justin and Tina might have been exploring 
together or that Tina liked exploring with the girls as 
well had totally escaped them.

---

The first revelation of the evening had to be Leslie's 
induction into the group with an open admission of her 
actions and those of Katie and Tyler.  Had it just been 
the three girls, the twins would have been worried the 
2:1 dynamics could have resulted in the story being 
spilled by someone offended or with a broken heart.  
While secrets are normally best kept when only two know 
them, the group was likely to work out much more secure 
unless they ever got into a 4:1 split.

Tina again got the ball rolling in Justin's absence.

"Do you all trust me?"

Three yeses were heard.

"Okay then.  Katie - please give Tyler a kiss."

Without looking to see if she was being obeyed she took 
Leslie in her arms and began to kiss her, smiling between 
delicate touches of her lips and then with passion as 
Leslie smiled back.

"So was I right - or was I only partly right."  Leslie 
was still curious about the others.

They looked across and the other girls were engaged in 
their own lip lock.

"Perhaps you two should formally welcome Leslie into our 
little group."

They broke apart and Tyler, being closest to the new 
member, hugged Leslie to her, squashing their tits 
together as they shared their first kiss.

Tina didn't want Katie to feel left out while they were 
busy so she attacked her mouth gently at the same time.

Then it was Katie's turn to welcome Leslie and Tyler's to 
keep Tina company.  Katie's tits didn't have quite the 
same affect as Tyler's when pressed into another girl so 
she simply added to the experience by holding Leslie's 
butt in one hand while they kissed and stroking the other 
across the front of Leslie's panties.

"Shall we get changed for the evening ladies?"  There was 
a chorus of agreement and soon they were all naked.

"Er, I think we need something on for a while, although I 
like how we think alike."

It took even less time to don what little sleepwear they 
had.

Tina wore her simple oversize t-shirt.  When necessary it 
was quickly concealing, it was easy to put on AND to take 
off and one could do an awful lot of things while still 
wearing it.

Tyler had a long button-up pyjama coat but seemed to have 
accidentally left the bottoms home and the buttons had an 
unfortunate tendency to come undone under the stress of 
her large mammaries.

Leslie modelled a thin white baby doll outfit - not quite 
transparent but it certainly allowed patches of colour to 
appear in the centre of each firm breast and it was only 
the fact she was a natural blonde that kept her pubes 
hidden since she too had lost the matching panties along 
the way.

But it was Katie who had come loaded for bear.  She had 
two outfits.  The first, similar to Tina's, was shaded 
pink with a cute teddy bear fairy; it was a camouflage 
overcoat and underneath was the outfit she planned to use 
to seduce Justin - an easy enough task since 50% of the 
work was done by her simply being female.

It took the longest time to be donned and yet in most 
respects it was the least.  And it was her mother's!  
(What did the oldies get up to?)

Well it had been her mother's a good 12-18 years ago.  
Katie knew her mother had worn it, and others like it, 
before she had been born but wasn't sure if that had 
stopped after the event.

Her mother at that stage certainly had a more developed 
figure but, while Katie's breasts may not have been quite 
as big, it didn't matter since the bright red corset 
ended just below her tits, displaying them shelf-like 
with only a matching sheer jacket that did little to 
conceal the pale protuberances.

Unable to easily buy her own outfit she had 
surreptitiously rummaged through her mother's drawers for 
something.  While the colour had drawn her eye (and she 
hoped that it would draw a certain pair of eyes away from 
her competition) it was the unusual knickers that made 
her "borrow" the outfit; before getting them out of the 
drawer, "crotch-less" had been a foreign concept.

Leslie couldn't resist rubbing her hand over Katie's 
almost bare butt as she lifted her arms to slide the t-
shirt covering over her head and the daring outfit.

"I wonder who gets to unwrap HIS Christmas present a few 
months early this year?"

Katie turned, looking quite as innocuous as Tina.  "At 
least *I'M* wearing knickers!"

"Don't give me that", said Tyler, "I got a good look at 
them as you put them on - you can feel just as much 
breeze through them as we can."

"Yeah", agreed Katie with a wide grin, "I know."

"Lay back on the bed and let us see", asked Tina and the 
girls crowded around while Katie spread her legs, and 
then the material, to show them how she could be covered 
and exposed at the same time.

The girls had all been through the bathroom (Leslie 
sneaking in for a short while with Tina) as they changed 
out of their costumes so Tina knew Katie's pussy was 
fresh.  "Justin reckons this is the sweetest pussy he's 
tasted and I have to agree.  Would you like to try it 
Leslie?"

If Tina and Justin hadn't performed that very act on her 
Leslie might have suspected they were just waiting to 
catch her out.  Now she had no qualms and knelt to kiss 
her friend's quim.  The juices were hidden but, once 
uncovered, were every bit as tasty as Tina had suggested.

"Mmm, You do taste wonderful."  She only took a long 
enough break to compliment Katie before continuing to 
actively devour her.  Katie squirmed under the oral 
attentions of her new lover, though only Tina might 
consciously think of the other girls with that term.

"If this keeps up", thought Katie, "there won't be anyone 
in my class who WON'T have eaten me by the end of the 
year."  It was a prospect she found exciting rather than 
disturbing and that was rather more disturbing when she 
realised.  Still she couldn't see it happening without 
something going wrong and them all being labelled sluts.

She didn't feel sluttish; her sexual interactions had all 
been with the three, now four, good friends and she was 
legally, if neither technically nor morally, a virgin - a 
state she DID have plans to change; tonight if she was 
lucky.

It wasn't a case of her being "anyone's", and if Justin 
was interested enough she didn't mind the idea of being 
monogamous (provided he felt the same way) - though a 
small part of her would miss these encounters.

Leslie accidentally brushed her tongue over that small 
part and when Katie responded in an altogether over-
exuberant manner Leslie returned to pleasure her again 
and again.

"Looks like they're having fun", Tina addressed Tyler, 
"You want to lie down next to Katie and let me start your 
evening off the right way?"

"I'd love too but I've got a couple of days still to go."  
She was disappointed that she might have to forgo some of 
the evening's pleasures.

Tina had found, or rather Justin had found and Tina had 
subsequently learned once she had taken over most of that 
side of things, that the whole point of tampons was to 
STOP blood getting out and that, provided they were 
changed regularly, they generally did their job very 
well.

The sex manual that they had now replaced in their 
parents bedroom had covered menstruation and sex and 
Justin had bravely tested whether what it had told them 
was the truth.  There quite likely were exceptions to 
Tina's situation but Justin had found he couldn't detect 
any difference except for that pesky string.

"You changed when you had your shower?" she asked Tyler.

"Yes.  Of course."

"Then you should be just as sweet as normal, sweetheart.  
Hop up on the bed; I'll soon tell you if there's a 
problem."

Tina's manner always seemed a little strange to the 
girls; she kept saying or doing things they didn't 
expect.  Justin had first gotten his periods before Tina 
had emerged to return to his side (they both sincerely 
hoped) for good.  Being a boy, he wasn't party to all the 
female gossiping and mythology and had to learn to cope 
mainly on his own.

When Tina had come on the scene barely two months earlier 
she had "inherited" his outlook and a few inhibitions and 
had only had limited opportunity to interact with other 
females - mainly the three sharing her bedroom at the 
moment.

She had found the openness of girl talk amazing compared 
to the almost psychotic limitations to what the boys 
covered together; oh sure plenty of topics but so few 
dealing with the personal levels of their existence.  It 
was as though they HAD to keep their peers at more than 
arms length while the girls had their arms around each 
other.

Revelling in the freedom of frank discussion on a range 
of intimate topics she tended to unintentionally break a 
number of cultural mores and was quite happy to 
deliberately break some others.  Because of the rapidity 
with which their unusual sexual interactions had altered 
their lives, the girls as a group had not yet developed a 
social pecking order that allowed them to comfortably 
advise Tina that one did not say or do some particular 
thing.

In so many ways she was leading them into fresher fields 
and the others had, on many occasions, ended up being 
willing, and later grateful, followers.

Tyler lay down on Tina's narrow bed and bent her legs to 
give her the same easy access that Katie had given 
Leslie.  It didn't take long and she was catching up with 
Katie.

"Still sweet darling", Tina reassured her.

That was another thing the girls had individually noticed 
- both Justin and Tina used endearments that the three of 
them were reluctant to use; if you were just 
experimenting, or even having fun, it was with a friend 
not a lover.  The two cousins seemed quite eager however 
to make a much stronger commitment.

Tyler didn't beat her friend to an orgasm, neither had 
quite reached those heights before Katie asked, "Where's 
Justin tonight?"

Leslie HAD been wondering the same thing but had also 
hoped Katie would have been too "busy" dealing with 
Leslie's caresses to think of the question, let alone to 
take the time to ask it.  Oh well, maybe they would all 
find out.

Tina looked at her bedside clock.  It should be okay now.  
"I suspect he's eagerly waiting for us as we speak.  
Don't you think he'll appreciate us a bit more if he's 
had to wait?"

The other girls couldn't fault that, though Tina had 
actually been more concerned to get her parents settled.

"Give me a second to check it's safe and we'll pop next 
door."

Tina drummed her fingers on her brother's door as she 
headed through the dark house to the kitchen.  She opened 
the refrigerator and grabbed a bowl of strawberries and 
another of whipped cream.  What was a party without 
luxurious snacks?

Her parents' light was out and their door closed; she 
couldn't hear any noise from the girls on her side of the 
house - it looked like they were set.

With a finger on her lips she indicated that the girls 
should follow quietly and led the way into Justin's room.  
He was waiting in the middle of the double bed and as 
Tina kissed him and sat upon the pillow he simply said 
collectively, "What kept you?"

Leslie copied Tina, kissing him before sitting on his 
other side.  "I would say 'something came up' but it's 
obvious that was in here."  She lightly brushed her 
fingers over the mound in the bedclothes.

Katie gave Justin a much warmer kiss and sat opposite 
Tina, stripping her T-shirt off while he was welcoming 
Tyler to his bed.

He had looked closely at the top Tyler was wearing when 
she had entered the room since only a single button kept 
it closed.  Then he had looked even more closely at 
Leslie's Baby Doll outfit as he tried to make out her 
intimate details.  It was understandable therefore that 
he hadn't taken quite the same interest in the plain 
cotton shifts Tina and Katie were wearing.

That changed however as Tyler sat back and he caught his 
first glimpse of the red outfit.

"Wow!"

Katie decide that his reaction had earned him the 
surprise she planned for later.  Since he was already 
familiar with her naked body, in degrees (one part 
visible while the rest was obscured on some rotating 
roster), she hadn't been sure whether he would have been 
suitably impressed in her outfit.

She should have realised that a large part of marketing a 
product is in the presentation and nice packaging could 
make all the difference as to whether the product was 
left on the shelf or not.

While his mouth was still wide open and his eyes roamed 
over Katie's form, Tina dipped a strawberry in the cream 
and popped it into the opening.  Justin closed his mouth, 
chewed and swallowed without moving his eyes more than 
simply up and down.

All four girls laughed when his mouth dropped open again 
like a hungry bird; he wasn't too stunned to be unaware 
that there were further strawberries.

Tina dipped the end of another berry in the cream and 
wedged it between Katie's exposed breasts.  The red fruit 
was only a little darker than her outfit and the cream 
only a little paler than her skin.  Katie dropped her 
jacket down behind her so her breasts were in full view 
rather than being inadequately hidden by the flimsy 
material.

Aware that the fruit was for him (well he made that 
assumption since no-one else was hurrying forward to take 
it), Justin crawled forward to kneel in front of the most 
luscious fruit bowl he had ever seen.  He smiled at the 
erotic sight, unaware that Tina and Leslie were having a 
quiet giggle together as his balls were exposed from 
behind.

He bent his head down and seized the offering, the fruity 
one, between his teeth and, not being particularly greedy 
- at least where food was concerned - he presented it for 
Katie to eat.

She opened her mouth and he pushed the succulent 
strawberry through the portal.  She tasted the strong 
flavours of the ripe fruit and the rich cream and began 
to chew.  Justin had seized her lower lip with his teeth 
and the movement of her jaw tugged it gently from his 
grasp.

She swallowed and kissed his waiting mouth; the lingering 
tastes were obvious.

"Thank you Justin."

"My pleasure, my dear."

He began to move back to his original position but 
noticed either Tina's placement or his removal of the 
fruit had been less than perfect; there was a small blob 
of cream lodged in the wonderful natural chasm between 
Katie's breasts.  He leaned forward again and ran his 
tongue along the crevice.  Katie shivered.

Tina had carefully prepared another strawberry and she 
passed it to Leslie who leaned over and undid Tyler's 
remaining button.  Tyler opened the shirt but there was 
no way a strawberry could be lodged between her 
unsupported mounds.

She leaned back when Leslie gently pushed her and Leslie 
debated simply using the other girl's sternum as a plate.  
The valley between those two wide hills was an attractive 
location, as were the summits of those geographical 
wonders.

She dobbed the cream on one nipple then on the other and 
left the berry on Tyler's breast bone.  She sat back and 
looked at Justin.

Justin had hoped they had intended an arrangement along 
the lines of "one for Justin, one for Katie, one for 
Justin, one for Leslie, one for Justin, ...".  He was 
however willing to forgo that pleasure for a different 
sort.  If he was to serve the strawberries up to each 
person he intended to do the job to the best of his 
ability.

Katie had been holding his hand and he reluctantly 
retrieved it, giving her a sad smile before turning to 
Tyler with a gleeful one.

He bent over her breast and swept his tongue over the 
surface, scooping up the cream as it tickled Tyler's 
nipple.  He carried it to Tyler's mouth and she sucked 
his tongue between her lips.

She smeared the cream across his trapped tongue and when 
he recovered it he ended up with as much of the dairy 
product as her.  He was better prepared with the next 
scoop, circling the nipple at a safe distance then 
swooping in to pounce on the cream.  When Tyler opened 
her mouth like a fledgling in its nest Justin rubbed his 
tongue over her upper teeth and then pressed his lips 
against hers.  Tyler responded by pressing her coated 
tongue against his mouth but he refused to give her 
access, his eyes sparkling as they gazed across his cheek 
into hers.

And now the strawberry!  He started his snail trail at 
her navel and worked his way up her body until soft 
abdomen changed to bony sternum; and dessert.  He bit 
into one end and tasted the sweet juices as he carried it 
aloft.  Tyler opened wide and Justin lowered it slowly, 
releasing it as their lips met yet again for another 
strawberry flavoured kiss.

Tyler hugged him to her.  He made everything so much fun.

Leslie wasn't ready to strip off her outfit but didn't 
want to get cream on it either so she stopped Tina from 
dipping the strawberry in and used her finger to scoop up 
a small dollop instead.

She spun around on the pillow and lay down with her feet 
up the wall then wiped the cream on her clit and pressed 
the strawberry into the opening of her vagina.  She 
tilted her head back and gave Justin an upside-down smile 
as if to say "I dare you".

There was no need; he had a grin almost from ear to ear 
and his only concern was whether he should save the cream 
for her.  Because Leslie had made it necessary for him to 
clamber over her to get to his, and her, prize he figured 
he had earned it.

Once again he started from her navel but proceeded in the 
opposite direction from Tyler.  Crossing her belly he 
fought his way through tangled undergrowth to reach the 
creamy lump.  His tongue pressed down hard, spreading the 
cream and causing Leslie to arch up against him as well.

The area cleaned to the satisfaction of both participants 
(and of the other spectators who had moved for a better 
view), he pressed on and in.  Justin forced his tongue 
against her skin so that it slid under the strawberry 
rather than simply pushing it deep inside her.

Having recovered it he used his tongue to press it onto 
his teeth so he could lift it out and carry it back over 
Leslie's prone body while she left a trail of kisses from 
his pubes up to his chin.

She opened her mouth and he dropped it in, almost missing 
the sides.  She crushed it to the roof of her mouth and 
tasted the mixture of its juices and hers.

"Strawberries and cunt taste even better than 
strawberries and cream!"

She threw an arm around Justin's neck and held his 
inverted mouth against hers while she invaded and fought 
his tongue.  Magnanimous in victory she freed him to 
provide sustenance to the remaining girl.

Tina could have copied Leslie but wasn't interested in a 
direct competition.  Instead she simply wanted to have 
fun with the brother who was more safely described as her 
cousin; even the three girls sharing his bed and his body 
would be likely to be upset should their actual 
relationship be known.

Kissing Cousins was one thing, Fucking Families was quite 
another.

She took the strawberry and coated it then placed it 
between her lips where her teeth gently held it in place.

Justin was confused at first; he didn't see how he could 
"give" it to her if she already had it.  Perhaps she 
wanted to give it to him?

He kissed her with both sets of lips circling the 
strawberry.  When he tried to sink his own teeth into it 
Tina shook her head slightly.

"Okay", he thought, "I can't bite - am I allowed to 
kiss?"

He put his mouth over hers much as he had with Tyler and 
felt the strawberry being pushed into his mouth.  He knew 
he couldn't bite so he waited for it to be forced past 
his lips.  That didn't happen as Tina sucked it 
unexpectedly back into her own mouth; Justin was just 
wondering what he should do next when it was just as 
suddenly back again.

This time it was given completely to him but Tina sucked 
the air from the back of his throat and he suspected she 
wanted it back.  He figured that they must be playing 
oral table tennis or something similar.

Their kiss lasted a little longer than the strawberry; it 
was inevitable that it should suffer some injuries as it 
travelled and both of the young people felt the other 
sink their teeth into the side as it was passed back and 
forth.

In the end Tina did swallow the battered but juicy 
fragment after crushing it and sharing the flavour as her 
mush covered tongue once again entered her twin's mouth.

Katie had grown impatient towards the end of their 
prolonged foolery and had taken three strawberries from 
the top of the bedside cupboard and, after dipping them, 
had leaned across to where Tyler was lying back watching 
Tina and Justin.

Katie gave a flick of her head - a "come on over" nod to 
Leslie - and had placed one creamy strawberry on the 
centre of each of Tyler's mounds.  She gave Tyler a kiss 
and then dropped the remaining strawberry into her mouth 
before going to collect her own.

Leslie had seized hers between her lips and was pushing 
it into Tyler's tit.  The creamy coating allowed her 
nipple to slide out from under it and Leslie had to work 
hard to keep the berry centred.  Eventually she had to 
eat the strawberry and then concentrated on cleaning up 
the magnificent mammary.

Katie had planned a different approach, selecting what 
had been the mushiest strawberry which she simply 
flattened to a paste on Tyler's other breast.  Like 
Leslie's exercise, it proved a harder job than she had 
expected; not because the strawberry wasn't soft but 
because Tyler's breast was as well.

Katie found she had to cup her hands around each side of 
the breast to contain it before using her tongue, and 
finally her lips as well, to turn it into a sauce.  It 
reminded her of playing with a water-filled balloon - 
squeeze it in one place and it simply pushed out 
somewhere else.

The cream had gotten spread around too but it was 
possible for Katie to spiral her tongue in from far 
enough away from the small spire to clean up both fruit 
and dairy product.  Tyler was clean, if you discounted a 
little stickiness and the lingering smell of a dairy.

Tyler had "suffered" through all this without complaint.  
In fact the two girls had found themselves encouraged at 
every step of the way.  First Leslie and then Katie had 
their heads held in place so that they were required to 
continue their actions should they have had even the 
slightest inclination to desist.  Then they found their 
host and hostess rewarding them for their efforts; each 
had pressed a thumb into the wet orifice presented to 
them - Tina into Katie's vagina and Justin into Leslie's.  
The twins proceeded to finger fuck them as the girls 
tucked into their desserts.

With only a little effort both Tina and Justin moved a 
little around the side of each girl without having to 
remove their thumbs.  This gave them access to the 
breasts that dangled down to brush against Tyler's waist.  
Katie felt Tina's fondling touch as her thumb worked in 
and out.  She remembered how Justin and then Tyler had 
responded when she had touched their assholes while 
wiping them clean and wished that Tina would make a 
similar investigation while her butt was pointed 
skywards.

She was curious but the idea seemed dirty and she didn't 
know how the others would react if she suggested that 
someone, anyone, touch her asshole so she could find out 
what it was like.  She had pressed her own finger against 
the entrance with little effect but she had learned, in 
oh so many delightful ways, that another's hand could 
feel quite different when applied to her body.

Leslie found the dual stimulation while she was licking 
and sucking another girl's breast to be the most erotic 
combination she had ever imagined.  Actually her previous 
erotic imaginings had been rather tame.

She had never been invited to a sleepover before and 
hadn't known what to expect of even an innocent visit.  
Her encounter with Tina and Justin had held the promise 
of more to come though the presence of Katie and Tyler 
had indicated that tonight wasn't going to be the night.

She had tried to drop hints that she had been introduced 
to the pleasures of the body by the two cousins without 
actually being open about it but the other two girls 
hadn't responded; indeed, coached by Justin and Tina, 
they had just looked perplexed.

When they not only showed a willingness to "play" but 
also indicated by their actions that it wasn't something 
new on their parts Leslie had been overjoyed.  She was 
able to be open and it certainly looked like the night 
would provide even more and varied entertainment.

Tina removed her thumb from Katie's pussy and reached for 
the cream.  She scooped some up and wiped an abundant 
layer down the lower part of Leslie's spine and across 
the ass cheek closest to Justin.  She repeated the 
process on Katie, curving the creamy path in her own 
direction, the she put each digit in turn into her mouth 
to suck them clean.  She finished with her thumb and 
behind the obvious dairy flavour she could taste the 
heady juices from Katie's cunt; she desired more!

She repositioned her fingers inside Katie, wishing just 
once that she could possess Justin's prick and seeing 
herself pushing it into that tight hole.  "Perhaps when 
we are merged?"

She bent to catch up with Justin and licked the cream 
from Katie's back in a series of short passes.  She ended 
up by planting a kiss on her butt before once again 
cleaning the juices from her digits.

Tina didn't know about how Katie or the girl under her 
felt but she herself was getting both hot and frustrated.  
So often she had played the role of seductress and once 
again she had missed out on the stimulation the others 
had received; and yet, the ideas swirling through her 
brain had her hotter than ever.

If she hadn't promised herself that she wouldn't fuck her 
brother tonight she thought she would be throwing her leg 
across him and riding him right now!

Leslie was coming and Tyler was yelping from having 
Leslie's teeth embedded in her tit flesh as the girl 
clenched her jaw.  Katie wasn't far behind but when she 
started shaking it was only her pursed lips that pressed 
against Tyler's other breast.

The bed shook from their agitated threshing until the 
twins finally took mercy upon them and let them rest.

There was no rest for Justin however.

Tina threw the pillows on the floor and pushed him across 
the bed in their place.  She then lay across him and 
pleaded that he eat her pussy while she returned the 
favour.

Justin looked up into her thighs and at the trace of her 
pussy visible past his nose.  He could smell her arousal; 
hell, he'd be in trouble if his mother came into this cat 
house a week from today - the smell of arousal past and 
present was so strong.

It took only a minor extension of his tongue to 
experience its taste as well.  And then Tina began to 
swallow his prick.

Neither paid much attention as the other three girls, 
granted ringside seats, leaned on their elbows with their 
faces mere centimetres from the action.  Admittedly, 
while it WAS possible to look down past Tina's puckered 
ass-hole to see Justin's face, there was far more to be 
seen at the other end and they all crowded to watch 
Justin's prick disappear past Tina's lips.

As Justin did the right thing for Tina at one end, she 
rewarded him at the other.  Since their unusual situation 
gave him a special insight into her requirements he found 
himself being frequently rewarded; so frequently that 
Tina found him lifting his hips in am effort to force 
himself deeper into her mouth.

She recognised the signs of his forthcoming ejaculation 
and acted upon it, not in her usual manner of changing to 
a hand job or letting him calm down a little and then 
fucking his brains out, but rather by increasing the 
sucking and bobbing and licking motions designed to bring 
his release as quickly as possible.

She felt Justin's response at her pussy and gloried in 
his touch and the knowledge that he was finding her extra 
efforts as pleasurable as she found his.  She noticed her 
audience and put on a show for them as well.

She lifted her head until Justin's prick was fully 
visible, her lips merely kissing the tip, then she 
rapidly plunged her mouth down its stiff length until the 
head pushed against the entrance to her throat; moving up 
again before she could gag.

Just managing to keep his shaft in her mouth she plunged 
downwards again, and then once more.  It was time.  She 
knew he had passed the point of no return - it was time 
to put on the show.

Adjusting her hold on his balls to ensure his prick was 
steadily aimed, she opened her mouth a little above it.  
She felt his muscles tense in her hand and the surge pass 
her thumb.  It gave her just enough time to react and she 
lowered her head and closed her lips around the pulsing 
head before the cum could splatter against the roof of 
her mouth and drip out.

The three spectators saw Justin fountain into Tina's 
mouth and then their friend pumped him dry with her 
cheeks dimpling as she sucked and swallowed.  Tina didn't 
really enjoy the taste but it was bearable and when they 
merged she got to share the memory of how good it had 
felt to Justin.  It was only fair that he got to share 
the knowledge of what it was like to swallow his cum.

As the emissions lessened and finally ceased she lifted 
her head and smiled at the stunned audience.  Justin 
hadn't yet resumed his stimulation of her pussy so Tina 
was relaxed enough to pass her finger over the tip and 
extend her hand with the smear to Katie.  Leslie watched 
Katie lick the drop and repeat the offering to Tyler.  
Tina squeezed the remaining contents of the still hard 
prick so there was more for Tyler to collect.  She did so 
and presented the ample offering to Leslie.

There was no hesitation, Leslie sucked Tyler's finger 
into her mouth and fucked it like Tina had fucked 
Justin's prick with hers.  When she returned it to Tyler, 
Tyler took Leslie's hand and dipped a finger into the 
remaining ooze.  "Give it to Justin."

Leslie looked twice at her and then did as she was told.  
Justin wasn't at all surprised and she found him copying 
her actions before releasing it with a smile.

"Welcome my newest cum sister."  He had given up on 
"sibling".

"Newest!" thought Leslie.  "How much have I been 
missing?"

The general response to Tina's exhibitionistic display 
had been "Wow!".  There was a real curiosity as to what 
it would be like to have his prick explode in their 
mouths combined with an uncertainty whether they would 
now be expected to do it too and how they would look if 
they were the only one not able to repeat Tina's example.

While none of their other friends or acquaintances would 
own up to giving blow jobs there were the inevitable 
horror stories involving AFOAF; horror stories tended to 
make better telling than "She enjoyed it so much, that's 
how she always starts and ends her dates now."

It was Katie who took the initiative though.  She thought 
she had more than just a crush on Justin and wanted to 
show him how much she did care for him.  As Tina sat back 
onto his face and left room for Katie to get over his 
cock; she moved forward and put her mouth where Tina's 
had so recently been.

The first thing she noticed was the far stronger taste of 
his cum; while Tina had cleaned up his organ it was 
inevitable that there be some residue.

The second thing she noticed was the wonderful object 
that filled her mouth.  It was far more filling, if more 
docile, than another's tongue.  She was delighted to run 
her tongue over it, building an image of its shape in her 
mind's eye - the soft ridges and the mushroom head that 
the others had made fun of but which she still found 
adorable.

The final thing that struck her was how the noticeably 
softened organ changed its mind and began to harden as 
she ran her tongue over its surface.  The darling thing 
was alive, it was striving to reach out to her and she 
wanted to keep it as her personal pet.  In fact she knew 
just where she could keep it!

Katie began to suck and tease Justin, not as 
energetically as Tina had, but certainly in a way that 
was both pleasing and annoying.  She knew this because he 
kept lifting his hips as he tried to push it deeper into 
her mouth and had moved one of his hands from supporting 
Tina's ass to run his fingers through her hair.  He 
definitely wanted more of what she was giving him.

Katie had a knowledge that she hadn't imparted to any of 
the others; she didn't think she would - "all's fair in 
love and war" and while she wasn't feeling warlike she 
was in the mood for some serious loving.

Desperate to be able to fuck the boy whose penis was 
lodged in her mouth, she had sought the assistance of a 
cousin who, while not treating her request as a laughing 
matter (with the exception of her estimate of Justin's 
conjugal abilities), did see the humorous side of two gay 
men explaining to a young girl just what they liked so 
she could use the techniques on him (okay she wasn't 
going to bugger Justin but there were other things they 
could discuss).

As a result her first actual blow job was a technical 
success and an emotional high point for both her and 
Justin.  (She "claimed" two earlier attempts with Justin 
but really they only consisted of putting his penis into 
her mouth.)  She took the opportunity while she was head 
down and tail up to dip her finger into her own private 
ink well and, when it was coated and Justin was close - 
for the second time in fifteen minutes - she pressed the 
slimy finger into what she hoped was a reasonably clean 
ass hole - his not hers.

It was an intrusion that he had not encountered to that 
depth before though it was her earlier brushing contact 
with his and Tyler's sensitive rings that had spurred her 
into asking her cousin about that part of the human body.

She had found out more than she really needed to know for 
now - she was more interested in filling her vagina with 
the hard rod rather than her ass but it was good to know 
these things and to wonder about the "places" she might 
actually go in future.

She hadn't Tina's experience though and was caught 
unawares when the pocket rocket blasted off.  Her cousin, 
or rather his partner, had explained some of the finer 
points of etiquette regarding blow jobs - some of which 
she was quite certain was bullshit but others made sense 
when one considered how both people should treat their 
partners if they loved them.

For Sir, it was a case of being grateful for whatever 
services Madam provided (treating Sir2 as an honorary 
Madam for these rules) and always to approach the matter 
as a voluntary gift rather than an extorted payment.

For Madam, it was a matter of honour that, having brought 
Sir to such a state, she not leave him unfulfilled; if 
possible through a selfless act of consumption and if 
that wasn't possible then at least through the laying on 
of her healing hands or by clasping him to her maternal 
bosom - or even by fucking his balls off.

Katie found herself in a situation where her pride wanted 
her to engage in a little "anything you can do, I can do 
better" competition while her stomach wasn't quite as 
prepared for that.

She got the first emission down and the second but then 
it felt like they might be coming up again.  She cursed 
herself for having to drop Justin's still spewing member 
while she regained her control.  She felt someone by her 
and found Tyler had taken over, eager to try out a cock 
herself since all she had seemed to get so far were the 
left overs once the main event had ceased.

Tyler too found the thick oozing substance was different 
from the light droplets but was able to both catch and 
swallow the final spurt and the earlier coating where the 
semen had splashed against Katie's closed mouth.

It was that splash that Leslie dealt with.  She, like 
Tyler, had stood by the side of the bed to better watch 
Katie in action.  Now she sat Katie up and stood between 
her legs to lick her cheek and chin.

She kissed Katie's lips, holding the sides of her head.  
"You were magnificent.  Have you done it before?"

"No", Katie choked a little at the taste in the back of 
her throat.

"I think I prefer eating you dear", Leslie smiled and 
Katie nodded.  Pussies were much nicer but now and again 
she wouldn't mind a spurting cock, if it were Justin's; 
just not quite as much.

"It might be an acquired taste."

"And you plan to acquire it?"

"I don't know.  Maybe for the right person.  How about 
you Tyler?"

"I can take it or leave it.  I have to admit it does come 
in an attractive package."

Justin, face now free again, added his comment.  "If 
you'll excuse me for referring to you in that way I've 
now come in three attractive packages.

"Since you said 'attractive' I think we might forgive you 
cousin dear.  Especially since you gave me such a lovely 
come of my own."

The others were equally appreciative of the efforts their 
companions had made; really it was self-congratulations 
all round since none had made any less of an attempt at 
satisfying the others.

Tina had climbed off her incestuous twin after Justin had 
caused a series of shivery waves over her body while 
Katie was dealing with the consequences of her actions at 
the other end of his body.  She had found the other 
girls' enthusiasm to be infectious and was pleased, for 
Justin's sake, that Tyler was prepared to take his cum-
smeared cock in her mouth.

After all he deserved something special from time to time 
- he was her loving brother - and besides, it selfishly 
gave her a break too.

Tina looked at the two girls standing by the bed. "Do you 
feel like another good come?"  Leslie and Tyler looked at 
each other, smiled and nodded.

"Can I make a suggestion?" asked Justin.

*********************************************************

Continued in Chapter 12
