Katoey Ladyboy for my Wife

MMF, wife, inter, gay, prost, swing, asian)

My Thai wife and I have sex with a Katoey she-male in Bangkok.


I have been happily married to my sexy Thai wife Lisa for three years now. My wife is Thai is petite (5'1") with a stunning figure, a tight ass and long waist length black hair. We had met in a bar in Thailand and subsequently we were married back here in the UK. She was very loving with me but not very sexually adventurous. 

My attractive wife and I have sex often as we watch porno movies. Often we role play and we fantasize about my wife fucking other guys. Since my visit to Thailand I often dreamed of a beautiful Thai Ladyboy chick joining us for a fuck too. When I mention lesbian love to my wife was hesitant she shunned the idea of lesbian love. She told me she could never do that. Hesitantly I had then gone on to suggest we could invite a katoey and found here was more receptive of the idea of fucking a Ladyboy. I admitted that although I was straight and married, I had had this fantasy of a shemale fucking my petite wife for quite some time. Reluctantly Lisa admitted she would be much happier if she had a real Ladyboy with a huge she-cock pleasing her rather than a lesbian. As for myself, it would be heaven serving them both, sucking her big she-cock and cleaning the cum from my wife's pussy. I saw the idea made her horny and we had sex together, cumming hard.

When I had revisited the subject again later my wife and I agreed we would have fun with one. Lisa told me she would like that very much if I could take it without being too jealous of her. Maybe I could enjoy it too, having sex with a tranny for the first time as I had never been with a real man. I did not think of this much until a few months later we had gone back to Thailand for a family visit. One night when I was tired from jet lag I let my wife go out clubbing dressed in a short sexy tight hot pants and halter top. I woke up late at night when my wife got home from the club and stumbled into our hotel room, giggling. She had obviously been drinking. I knew that she had been out dancing all night and suddenly I realized she had brought home another very sexy looking girl with her. The thai girl was petite and very attractive dressed in tight revealing clothes and high heels like a bargirl. I wondered if Lisa had picked up this feminine beauty off the street. When both girls climbed onto the bed as I watched dazed, I guessed that she had brought her back to have some naughty fun with my wife. They began stroking my thighs and rubbing my dick and balls and I became rock hard. We began passionately kissing each other and I sent my hand under her skirt to find an extra surprise hiding underneath her panties. Expecting to feel the moistness and warmth of her vagina on my palm, I was shocked when my hand cupped a full ball sack and strokes the thick and glistening shaft of this transsexual cock! Shocked, I realize that this hot babe is not a beautiful lady, but a Ladyboy! I should have guessed from the peculiarly husky voice. In spite of myself, I just could not keep my hands off her. I caressed those full transsexual breasts and reaching up underneath her skirt massaged her thick cock. 
As she pulled down her skirt and panties whipping out a huge erected cock, much bigger than my own. I swallowed hard as I stared at his six inch hairless limp cock flanked by a set of balls instead of a pussy. I knew she was a Ladyboy yet somehow confronted with reality I could not believe my eyes. Stunned I stared at my wife but she just smiled back at me with a naughty expression, eager to wrap her lips around the man's cock.

My wife impressed by the big dick and charm of this tranny, eagerly began sucking her cock. Looking at them, I found myself curiously aroused by sharing a bed with a big dick Ladyboy, especially seeing my own wife going down on her dick. My horny cock-sucking wife had wrapped her filthy eager lips around the transsexual's shaft. She was licking his balls and swallowing the thick cock to the base dying for a mouthful of hot cum.... I knew that somehow before long she would be taking the other man's cock in her tight chaste pussy. Probably the shemale chick would fuck my horny wife while she sucked my dick.

I sucked on her nipples feverishly massaging her breasts into my face as I felt her cock grow harder. As I caressed her, the Ladyboy showed off her sexy ebony shemale ass and placed my hand on her girl cock. She said something in Thai and my wife giggled. When I asked her what she had just said, Lisa told me she had said she wanted to masturbate her shemale cock deep in my horny ass.  I swallowed hard. 

The girl now disengaged from my wife and pushing me back climbed astride of me. She began rubbing her large cock and I felt aroused and sick looking at this girl with a cock masturbating on top of me. My cock was hardening against my will and my wife now reached out and began wanking it off. I now was experiencing a huge raging hard on. The Ladyboy looked around then smiled at my arousal. I was so turned on. I just could not help it. I began stroking her cock until it grew very hard and thick. She pushed the cock into my face and having completely lost all my male pride I sucked it. I sucked his cock hard taking it up to the root in my mouth. I wanted to make him hard so he could fuck both my wife and I well. The horny Ladyboy turned around and kissed my wife as I sucked her cock.

She moved forward and I climbed up behind her. She was kneeling on the bed now as I parted her thighs. She dropped onto all fours as I stuck my cock in her ass. I fucked her ass hard while I stroked her cock.. The action was fast and furious as I fucked the shemale in the ass hole. She moaned, she was so beautiful, my Ladyboy, I just wanted to cum inside her. She however had other ideas and so did my wife.

Before I could cum inside the katoey, she moved of the bed and my wife took her place doogie in front of me. Impatiently, I entered my wife's pussy and began thrusting away. As I pumped away at my petitie asian wife, the Ladyboy got behind me and she pressed the head of her penis against my anus. I was horrified, embarrassed yet tremendously aroused. I felt a searing pain in my rectum as she rammed my tight virgin asshole and I felt her thrusting at. In spite of the tears of pain, my cock was so hard and throbbing. I thought I would ejaculate without waiting. Never before had I had sex like this, never mind being fucked in the ass by such a beautiful girl-boy. I had allowed her to bang my virgin asshole right in front of my loving wife. What can be more humiliating? But then what a fantastic sensation where I, the husband, was penetrated by the fucking the shemale while pounding my wife's cunt... I could feel her -
She even gets on top, lowering her sphincter down on his prick and you can see her cock and balls slapping into me as I came inside my wife crying with pleasure.

Suddenly I felt a long burst of thick warm sperm pump into my rectum as the Ladyboy came inside me. I collapsed, breathless as the katoey whore moved away, cum oozing out of her cock and her ass. Her body was so sexy and I loved her. I watched as she stuck her dirty cock into his wife's mouth. My slutty petite wife swallowed the cum load of her well hung transsexual as I watchwd in the background. The girls swapped the cum and then the shemale gave my loving wife a hardcore ass fucking before blowing another load of cum on her face. 

We both fell in love with her there and then and my wife sponsored bringing her back with us to live in our house. We were both going to have our asses fucked every night for the rest of their lives!

