I grew up in south India in the early seventies. My father was a mild mannered man who worked in a mill. He had one addiction, he drank heavily and many a night he would pass out and had to be helped to bed. He was good to my mother and I could see that she respected and loved him. But I sensed there was also sadness in her and at that time, I could not understand why. I helped mother out at every opportunity. I had a crush on her and this way it kept me close to her. Mother always looked up to me for help. I was constantly chatting her up; I could see that she appreciated this as it helped to break the boredom of her day. Dad would go to work in the morning and the next time we saw him was late at night when he would come home tired after which he would proceed to drink heavily.

It seemed to me that the spark had gone out of their marriage. Most of the time he seemed either preoccupied in making ends meet or drinking, this I believe led to his neglecting mother. Don't get me wrong, dad stilled loved mother. They still laughed, joked and kidded each other but the romance that characterized the earlier part of the marriage was rare. I worked part time driving a taxi in order to make extra money to supplement our family income; this left me very little time to socialize. There were good days and bad days.

After the rest of the family had gone to bed, mother and I would sit by the kitchen table and talk. I knew mother appreciated this gesture. As years went by, we grew very close. She would constantly hug me and remind me that I was the beacon of light in her life. I was very mature for my age, knowledgeable beyond my years. When I was sixteen, I began to notice Amma in a different light. I was growing aware sexually and with that bought, the realization that mother was very sexy. She had long dark hair, hair that reached to her hips. And even having birthed three children she had a killer figure- 36-24-36. Her eyes were very dark and twinkled in good humor. How close were we? Well we talked about every thing even personal secrets. I talked of the movie stars I liked and disliked and she talked of her past before she married father. She talked wistfully of those carefree days of her youth of things that could have been. She never regretted her marriage as it produced some of the important things in her life- her husband and her children.

With my awareness of mother as a desirable woman, I began to seek out her hugs and kisses. I began to pay her compliments on her looks at which she would blush. I began to bring sweets and flowers for her every day when I come home from working at the grocery store. I began a routine where every Sunday evening I would take her to the movies and hotel. At the movies, I would innocently lean against her or hold her hands. Pretty soon, I started putting my arm around her shoulders at which she would lean back and rest her head against my shoulders. I knew that she looked forward to our weekends together because she would try to pick a movie well in advance. After the movies, we would go and sit in a park near the theater. From here, one could look at the whole town. We would talk laugh and josh one another.

"Sundar," she said one day, "I think we should start looking for a girl for you. You are going to be 17 soon."

"Amma" I said blindly without thinking much of the consequences. I do not want to get married. I want to be with you always." She pulled her head back in surprise looked at me and then looked away silent. "Amma, did I say something to alarm you."

"I think we should leave," she said after a long interval of silence. Mentally I cursed my self for saying what I had said, but knew that now the cat was out of the bag there was no turning back. I decided to go for broke. "Amma,"

"I am sorry if I offended you, but you know I have a good head on my shoulders and wise beyond my years. But don't hate me for saying that I am in love with you and I will do anything to make you happy." The silence continued for some time and then she looked at me sadly. "Sundar, it's not your fault but mine. I should not have let it continue but I guess I was lonely"

"Amma," I said "I wish it hadn't happened, but since it has I am glad to be in love with you."

"My darling boy, you are my son," she retorted, "these things don't happen between a mother and son and besides I am a married woman."

"Amma," I replied in desperation, "what is done is done. I can't take my love back, but will you give at least some serious consideration to what I just said." She was silent for a long time. She was crying. My heart went out to her. I pulled her to my chest and held her. "Sundar" she whispered. "I think we should be heading home"

Things cooled down very much after that. Even though I pleaded with her, she would not let me take her out on Sundays, telling me instead that I should go with someone of my very own age. I could see that it was killing her as much as it was killing me. As days passed, she seemed sad and withdrawn. This went on for a month. Father noticed the change and asked her why she didn't go out to the movies with me any more. Amma shook her head and asked father why he didn't take her out.

"You know Kamala I work every day of the week and Sunday is my only day off. On that day I prefer to stay and relax at home," he replied. He was drunk as usual. After which a big verbal fight ensued which ended with Amma exiting to the bedroom and slamming the door shut. That Tuesday when my father, my brother and sister were out of the house, I asked her out again. To my surprise, she quietly nodded her head in assent. I went and hugged and she put her head on my shoulders. I hugged her tightly indicating to her that with her assent the tone of our relationship had changed. I silently but very gently caressed her back running my hands over her shoulders and over her behind. She continued to rest her head over my shoulders. I pulled back and looking deep into her eyes said in a quiet voice. "Amma I love you and I can't change that." I bent down kissed her cheeks, her neck, and then boldly placed my mouth against her lips. She did not draw back from my embrace. I was elated that at last it seemed she was responding back.

My flowers were now accepted with a warm kiss on the cheek. When we were, alone the hugs were back but my hands now openly and gently caressed her. In the days that followed before the Sunday date, I saw Amma suddenly change back to her old self. My sister also remarked at her change to which she replied that she was going to see a movie with me. My sister smiled at me saying that she had thought that I had finally cut the apron strings. I mumbled saying something about Amma needing a break. That Sunday evening Amma looked stunning in a tight dress. Her breasts and butt cheeks molded beautifully into her dress. I was overcome looking at her beauty. She looked very young. I was, I noticed, the recipient of many an envious stares. The movie was a sentimental romance. As usual, I put my arm around my Amma while she leaned her head against my shoulders. After the movie, as usual we went to the park. It was a cool night.

Amma looked into my eyes and said, "Sundar, thank you for your patience and thank you for the wonderful evening." I looked at Amma and said, "Amma you look sexy tonight." Amma blushed and laughed at the same time, "Oh Sundar if you weren't my son I would think you are trying to seduce your own mother." I looked at her and said, "Amma, I am." Amma pulled her head back and replied, "Sundar for heavens sake I am your mother and besides I am married to your father."

"Amma do you really care for him? I see he has been neglecting you and that you are deeply unhappy. Give me a chance, I can make you happy!" She replied quietly after a long pause, "Sundar may be we should head home before one of us does something that we may deeply regret the rest of our lives." I groaned. "Amma I am sorry but you are so beautiful you make me say and do things I have no control over. Many a times I have wished you were not my Amma maybe it would have been easier romancing you." I could see that Amma was pleased at the compliment I had paid her. I'm sure father did not do that. Amma caressed my cheek, "You poor baby, and by the way I am glad your are my son. Do you really think I am beautiful?" I smiled and replied by drawing her to my breast, "Yes Amma you are beautiful and sexy." Suddenly I bent down and kissed her.

Amma did not draw back but remained passive and stiff in my arms. I continued to kiss her with more and more passion. Suddenly she responded back with equal pressure against my lips. At last, I could see a crack in her armor. I pressed my advantage and we continued necking. I was all over her face I kissed her cheeks her eyes her nose and back to her lips. I gently probed her mouth with my tongue and she opened her lips. We necked for a while. Suddenly my mother said, "Sundar Its getting late I think we should head home."

As we drove home, Amma leaned her head back on my shoulder. I could see a faint smile in the corner of her mouth. Halfway back home I pulled into a side street, to my Amma's surprise. I pulled the car to a stop, pulled her towards me, and started to kiss her. I gently put my hand on her breast she stiffened pulled away from my lips and whispered, "Sundar, I don't think we should do this." But I cut off any further protest by forcing her lips back into mine. I continued caressing her breasts. They were firm and felt wonderful in my in my hands. I knew Amma was getting excited because she began to moan as kiss back with greater intensity. Suddenly she pulled back and said, "Sundar we should go home."

"Okay Amma." When we reached home, the house was quiet. Every one had gone to bed. I knew father would be fast asleep drunk. When we entered the house, I began kissing Amma again in the living room down stairs. At first, she protested saying that someone could come down stairs.

I replied quietly but firmly, "Amma I love you as I have never loved anyone before. I just want to kiss you all the time. I can't help it. Besides everyone is fast asleep."

"That's sweet Sundar, I love you to! But I am a married woman and whatever shortcomings your father has I am still wearing the mangal sutra he tied around my neck!"

"Amma," I whispered, "All we are doing is kissing and fondling. I don't see any harm in that?"

"But Sundar, somebody could wake up and come downstairs." Suddenly I had an idea. "Amma, how about going to my room. We can lock the door. Father I'm sure is drunk and won't miss you."

Amma was silent for a few seconds. I was surprised when she nodded her head in agreement. Amma replied, "Go to room and wait for me i'll go and check on your father." In my room, I paced back and forth excitedly. Suddenly my bedroom door clicked open and Amma walked in. She pulled the door shut and locked it. She hastily came up to me and said, "fathers asleep drunk as usual." I taught I heard a note of disgust in her voice. "Kanna, I don't think we should do this as it could get out of hand," she whispered. "I am scared."

"I know" I replied "But Amma trust me. We will keep this very secret. Nobody will know. "Oh Sundar" Amma said timidly and kissed me on the cheek. I sank with her on my bed and began kissing her. The kisses grew more and more heated and I could feel Amma's excitement through her cotton sari. My hands were now rowing all over her body caressing her breasts one second and rubbing her ass the next.

I reached behind to undo the buttons on the front of her blouse. Amma went rigid in my arms for a few seconds but then she relaxed. I swiftly undid the buttons and removed her blouse as quickly as possible afraid she would change her mind any time. All the while, I continued kissing her. I reached back and unsnapped her bra. Again, Amma weakly protested and whispered, "Sundar think of your father." I knew we were far too gone to think of anybody else. I cut her off with another open-mouthed kiss. All of a sudden, her bare breasts were pressed against mine. I blindly reached out and began to fondle them. They felt soft and sexy. I bent down, took a nipple in my mouth, and began to lick and suck. Amma moaned in passion. Her nipples were long and thick. Her nipples were soon erect in excitement.

"Amma I love you, I can't help it. I know I should feel guilty of making love to my own mother but I don't care" I declared. I continued kissing all the way to her navel savoring the slightly salty taste of her body. Amma gave an audible squeak of pleasure. I reached her belly button with my tongue and began to kiss and lick it as Amma pushed her self up to me in pleasure. I began to stroke her legs up and down, all the while kissing her belly button. Her legs were firm to touch. Slowly my hand inched further and further under her sari and petticoat. Her thighs felt firm and soft.

Amma stiffened as my hand reached the crotch of her petticoat. I reached up, sought her lips, and gently forced them open with my tongue. Amma moaned into my mouth. She relaxed and opened her thighs in response. I shook my head in disbelief. Amma, the woman of my dreams, the same woman who had borne my brother and sister, the woman who had birthed me was letting me make love to her. I caressed her through her petticoat. I felt her cleft and began to rub it. Amma moaned in pleasure. I could feel to moistness seep through her petticoat. I pulled my hands out from under her petticoat, quickly puller her sari off. I stood up, removed my clothes as quickly as I could. My cock was hard as an iron bar. I slid down Amma's body until my mouth was pressed against the crotch of her petticoat. Only the petticoat separated her bush from my mouth. I inhaled deeply breathing in the intoxicating aroma of her juices mixed with the faint smell of stale urine.

I began to lick the crotch of her petticoat as Amma wiggled in excitement. I began to savor her juices that seeped through her petticoat. I reached and hooked my fingers under the waistband of her petticoat and began to tug them down. Suddenly Amma jerked up. "Oh, Kanna, no, we shouldn't" she said. "You are my son and I shouldn't be doing this."

"Amma I love you. You are the most beautiful woman in the world. I know it's unusual for a mother and son to be sexually involved. I believe that if you love some one its only natural to make love."

"But Sundar what if someone finds out."

"Amma, we can be careful and no one needs to know our business."

"But Sundar" I kissed her before she could complete her sentence. I kissed her hair her eyes and once again lowered my mouth to her full sexy lips. Suddenly Amma went limp in my arms. She began to kiss back with intensity that is more passionate. Our tongues dueled with each other.

I reached down and tugged her petticoat. This time she did not resist. I pulled them off and threw them down on the floor. She instinctively reached down and covered her womanhood from my prying eyes. I gently but firmly pulled her hand away. I stared at the thick rich dark pubic hair like some one in a trance. Amma reached up, pulled me down, and began to kiss me as I began to gently caress and finger her moans. I nibbled at her teats at the same time inserted my middle finger into her womanhood. Never in my dreams did I ever think that one day Amma would let me pull her petticoat down and caress her femininity.

She was very wet. I moved my mouth down her body to the inside of her thighs and then proceeded to kiss and lick it. I then moved my mouth up to her pubic hair and proceeded to nibble it. All the while Kamala, my Amma moaned in pleasure. I licked the thick pubic hair and then proceeded to pull her vagina open. I breathed in the rich feminine odor of my excited mother. I stared at the inner wall and noticed the small pink hole through which she peed. I licked it. I licked the surrounding walls savoring the rich flavor of her very wet hole. I ran my tongue over her clitoris and Amma yelped in pleasure.

I placed a finger in her vagina and proceeded to run it in and out while eating her. Her breathing grew ragged. I continued to stimulate her clitoris for a long time. Amma grew very wet. My fingers were drenched with her juices. Suddenly Amma stiffened and moaned at the same time. Her body then shuddered continuously as I rapidly licked her clitoris. I knew she had just climaxed. She quickly pulled me up on top of her. "Oh Sundar, That was good." She whispered shyly. "I have never had an orgasm this good.Amma you are sexy and beautiful. This has been my ultimate fantasy to make love to you."

"You really think I'm beautiful."

"Amma, yes. More than all the movie actresses" Amma reached up and pulled me down lightly kissed my lips and then forced my mouth open with her tongue. At the same time, she reached down, grabbed my penis, and began to rub it up and down her very wet slit. She grew more and ore excited.

"Amma" I whispered. "I love you." She spread her legs wide as if in silent assent, bought the tip of my cock, and placed it against her vaginal orifice. I looked deep into her eyes as she began to push me into her. I was big and thick for my age. Her vagina slowly opened like a petal. Amma suddenly pushed upward and my cock slid into her vagina to the hilt. Amma was surprisingly very tight for someone who had three children. I could feel her muscles clutching me like a vice. I pulled out and then slid back in one fluid motion. I then proceeded to fuck Amma with a fury that I had never experienced before. Her body shook in rhythm to the fuck strokes. My penis was soon saturated with her lubricating juices. We moved as if we were made to fuck each other. Every down stroke was met with an upstroke. I could feel the tip of my cock hit the mouth of her womb with each plunge. She began to breathe heavier and heavier.

After rutting like animals for about fifteen minutes, she suddenly went rigid and clutched my ass. I could feel began rapid contractions about my cock at the same time I began to ejaculate against her womb. I must have spilt a load in her as I felt the semen running back out of her vagina. We stayed coupled for some time savoring the aftermath of our mutual orgasm, and kissing each other. I started to get excited and felt my self-hardening in her. I gently started to see saw back and forth in her vagina. This time the fuck was slow and gentle, it lasted a longer time. Amma and I came at the same time.

"Sundar" she said after the last romantic fuck. "You are huge; I never had it this good with your father. I can't remember when I had my last orgasm." I beamed with pride. My first with Amma had been better than anything father had been able to deliver in all the years they had been married. "Oh Amma, that's only because I love you so much"

"Oh sweetheart this was the best orgasm so far" she remarked. "Sundar, honey" Amma whispered. "I should be going back to your fathers bed. We don't want to arouse any suspicion now, would we?" We kissed for some time whispering sweet nothings to each other. She then got up cleaned her self. "Amma can I keep your petticoat" I asked in a whisper. Amma was silent. "A souvenir of our first night," Amma asked mischievously. "Yes," I replied. "Only if you hide it."

Amma put her clothes back on and petticoat-less she slipped out of the room. I was covered with a mixture of our fuck juices. The last thing I remember falling asleep was Amma's petticoat pressed to my cheeks. The next day Amma did not look at me when the family was seated at the breakfast table. I thought I had blown it. The family finally dispersed for the day and I was getting ready to go to school. Amma stepped into my room.

"Sundar" she said, "we need to talk."

"Amma what's wrong." Amma blushed. "Sundar we can't repeat what we did last night" Before I could protest any further she motioned me to be quiet. "I think last night was wonderful. I will always treasure. But I'm a married woman. This is never going to happen again."

"Amma," I protested as I moved towards her and pulled her into my arms, "I love you and I know that you love me. Give our love a chance." I tried to kiss her but she averted her lips, pulled out of my embrace, and shook her head. "Amma," I said, as she was ready to leave my room, "I will not stop loving you and will not stop pursuing you." Amma left my room with tears in her eyes.

Things cooled down after that. And even though I could see that Amma was unhappy, she would not budge from her resolve. I had given up ever getting her back. Amma also vigorously started looking for a bride for me. She contacted all her relatives and asked them about available girls. She collected horoscopes and consulted astrologers for good matched for me. She arranged for me to see a few girls whole horoscopes matched mine. I was very unhappy that I am being driven away from my only love my own mother. Finally I gave my consent for a girl who I chose because she looked a little like my mother. The marriage date was fixed.

Then something strange happened. I noticed that Amma's behavior towards me changed. She acted more like someone who was jealous. She snapped at me at the smallest of mishaps. Then one day when we were alone, Amma asked, "Sundar maybe we should go out for a movie this weekend." I was pleasantly surprised. But I thought maybe Amma wants to just please me. "Amma, Oh yes, Oh yes." I whispered. The days following, I was in a trance. I couldn't wait for the weekend. For our outing, Amma had gone out of her way to dress sexy. I could not believe that the sexy woman next to me was my mother. After the movie, we drove to our secluded spot. I pulled her into my arms and Amma did not resist. We began to kiss passionately. My hands were roaming all over her body. I could see Amma was visibly excited. After an hour or so of necking we drove back home. When we reached home, everyone was asleep.

"Go to your room and wait for me, i'll check on your father." she whispered. I was undressed and in bed when she entered. After locking the door, she came to me. Our passionate kissing continued. I swiftly undressed Amma and rolled on top of her. I kissed every inch of her body over and over again. I held on to her shapely ass as I ate her out. I got on top of her, she took hold of my penis, which was hard as a steel bar, and placed it against her vaginal opening. I pressed and easily entered her very slick cunt. I held Ammas ass and started fucking her. Amma moaned with pleasure at every fuck stroke. We rolled around the bed, sometimes she was on top and at other times, I was. We were at it for a long time and when I forcefully ejaculated into her, she came with an intensity I had never seen before.

"Oh Sundar," she said, "it is so wonderful."

"Amma, have you changed your mind about my marriage?" I asked. "Oh Son I missed you, and as the marriage date came closer, I could not bear it any longer. I realized I was jealous and that I loved you more than anything thing in the world."

"As a lover" I asked excitedly. "Yes realized I loved you, not only as a mother but as a lover and that I could not bear to be apart from you." She whispered. "Do you love me more than father?" I asked. "Oh son I respect your father, but I don't love him. After being with you, I now know what love is. I am so happy when I am naked in your arms. Sundar, my darling son, I want to be your wife. Will you marry me?" I was stunned at these words from my beloved mother. "Amma, You have just made me the happiest man in the world. I don't want to share you with anyone, even father. You belong to me. Your body is mine. I want you naked in my arms all the time. I want to enter you all the time."

"Oh son that is so wonderful. But Sundar, our marriage has to be our secret. I want to be in your arms naked all the times but we have to be careful. I don't want your father, brother or your sister to find out because it would prevent us from being together."

"Yes Amma I know," I replied. We began to kiss; my hands fondled my Amma's breasts. I then proceeded to kiss her lovely long nipples, which were swollen with passion. She pushed me on my back, climbed on top of me, and lowered her cunt on my cock. She pressed down until I was buried in her to the hilt. She lowered her mouth to mine while she proceeded to move up and down, slowly at first and then very rapidly. Suddenly her tongue began to frantically duel with mine. She then opened her mouth in a silent scream. I knew she had climaxed.

I rolled on top of her and continued to fuck her with savage fuck strokes. Her body shook with each fuck stroke. She screamed and at the same time, I buried my cock against her womb and proceeded to saturate her inner walls with my semen. After the wild ride, we began to kiss tenderly while we were still joined at the crotch. Amma pushed me on my back and began to kiss my body all over. When she reached my crotch, she took my hard cock in her mouth. Amma then gave me a blowjob. When I came, she swallowed all of my come.

Next day Amma and I went to the family jeweler and ordered a mangal sutra. Everybody assumed that it was for the new girl who I was going to marry. No one knew that I was going to marry my own lovely mother. We also bought a wedding sari for Amma and a wedding dress for me. Next week, on an auspicious day, Amma and I went to our village house to get married. Amma wore her new wedding dress and looked gorgeous. I wore my new dress and at the muhurth time, as my lovely mother/bride stood before me shyly bending her head, I removed the mangal sutra on her neck put by my father and tied the new mangal sutra, which signified that mother was now my wife. Then we went to the temple and prayed for a long and happy married life. Then we went to Woodlands and had a festive dinner. Back at home, we started making love.

Amma said, "Sundar, every night with you has been a first night for me. You have made me so happy. But today is a special first night. Make love to me not only as your mother but also as a wife."

"Amma, can I call you Kamala now that we are married?" I asked. Amma blushed a little and nodded her head shyly. Then I said, "Kamala, my love, this is indeed going to be a special night because I am going to make you pregnant" Amma buried her face in my chest and whispered, "Oh Sundar, the first duty of every wife is to bear a child for her husband. I will be so glad to become pregnant by you, son. I am in a fertile period too and my womb is ready for your seed."

That night, before mother and I slipped into sleep exhausted at four in the morning, I came into my mother's eager cunt ten times so that we can have our first incestuous child as soon as possible. From that time on, we tried to spend every opportunity with each other. Whenever we were alone Ammas would be the one to first make sexual overtures. She was at her sexual peak and constantly horny- I know because when I pulled her petticoat off she was already sopping wet. I was proud when she told me shyly that she would get wet just thinking of me, and that nobody had excited her that way.

Some times, we were so crazy for each other that we took risks. One time, while the family was down in the living room, I noticed that Amma had gone to the bathroom upstairs. I went upstairs and silently opened the bathroom door. Amma had not locked it. She was peeing. Her eyes widened in surprise when she saw me. Before she could say anything I pulled her of the commode, ripped out some toilet paper, cleaned her up, turned her around, bent her over the commode, and entered her from behind.

"Honey someone may come up" she whispered. But I ignored her. I fucked until we both climaxed. I then pulled her petticoat up and would not allow her to clean herself up. We did not get caught. But for the rest of the day I knew Amma had sticky petticoat and it was my semen dripping out of her cunt. I remember one night I woke up horny. I wanted Amma bad. So I very silently crept to my parents bedroom. They were both asleep. I knew that father was in a drunk and fast asleep. Amma was sleeping by his side with the covers thrown back. She looked extremely sexy. I went up to her and shook her awake. When she did, I motioned her too keep quiet. I whispered that I wanted to see her in my room and left. About two minutes later, she was in my room. As I pushed her on my bed and I undressed.

"Sundar, I know I am your wife and I should come to you whenever you need me but we should not take unnecessary risks like youre to my bedroom" she scolded. I cut off any further protest by kissing her. I pulled Amma's dress up and began to eat her. In no time, I had Amma wet and excited. I moved on top, entered her womanhood, and proceeded to make love to her. Later that night, when she left my room her face glowing with sexual joy, Amma said, "Sundar, whenever you want me, just do like what you did. Come to our room and shake me and I will come her to your bed and we will enjoy. Ok?" I was thrilled. But next night, at bedtime, Amma came with her bed to my room with a beaming smile in her face. "I told your father that since he is drunken everyday, I cannot stand the smell all night and so I am going to be sleeping in your room from now on. He did not mind. So here I am all yours for the whole night every night." I grabbed her and showered kisses on her and said, "Amma, now we can really be the married couple we are," and started making passionate love.

Three weeks after our wedding, after our first love session of the night, mother shyly whispered to me that she has missed her period. We waited anxiously the next few days. When Amma missed her period again, we were overjoyed. Amma was pregnant!!

For the next eight months, it was a daily thrill for me watching mother move about with her pregnant belly, glowing with that special pride that women get when they are carrying, now with the added joy of being pregnant with her own son's child. Then one day I was in the delivery ward in the hospital as Amma beamed with pride holding a lovely baby girl - the product of our incestuous marriage. She named the girl Sundari because she was my daughter. The love between me and Amma became more intense after we had the baby. Amma wanted us to live like the real husband-wife-daughter family we were. She asked me to get a job in another town, which I did. We moved there leaving father with his drinks in our native town. We still maintain the mother-son relationship outside the house. But inside the house, we are husband and wife. I call Amma by her name and the baby calls me father which is what Amma wants.

Its good that Amma is a highly sexed woman hence she doesn't mind the fact that I am constantly kissing, caressing, and undressing her. We average at least two fucks a day. Someday, I ask her to be naked the whole day, she happily goes about the day-to-day activities like cooking, washing etc. Completely naked, and we make love several times during the day. With all that lovemaking, Amma is pregnant with our second child. The joy of living in married intimacy with your mother is something that can be felt only by actual experience. Amma and I hope all young sons out there get the chance to experience that joy. 
