VALERIE'S LORD

BY TWISTED REPARTIE

Part 1

This story is a fantasy for adults only. It is purely fictitious
and the author does not condone any form of actual abuse -
physical, sexual, psychological and emotional - to any person of
any age nor does he approve of sexual activities with minors.
Please do yourself a favor, if you know you this text is not
appropriate for you, don't read it.

This is my first attempt at something semi-publishable, also my
first story in English (not my native language). I have a hard
time not being too verbose... this story is still too long but
it's my best shot at concision so far.

******

The Deal

I had been invited once more to one those evenings organized by
an old circle of friends. The theme of the event was based on the
work of the fantastic author Howard Philips Lovecraft and was set
in the 1920s. Being a New-York based software programmer, the
occasional trip to Boston Grand Hotel to meet my old college
friends and immerse myself in an era almost devoid of technology
was a welcome distraction.

Like all my friends in this group, I have a very successful
career which leaves me with ample financial resources and few
occasions to really enjoy them. Unlike most of my friends
however, I am still single and without a family of my own. This
is not to say that I'm not socially popular person, quite the
contrary actually; but in essence, my overweight and my interests
in things fundamentally un-cool like computers and science
fiction pretty much systematically drove women away from any type
of romantic or even just sexual involvement with me. That
evening, however, would turn out to be quite different...

I arrived to the soiree at the appointed time. All the usual good
friends were there, many of them with their spouse or husband,
enjoying a relaxing evening in the mood of the Roaring
Twenties... minus the prohibition. My character was Lord William
Angus, a wealthy British aristocrat with a doctorate in
psychology. It was always a true pleasure to meet with the gang,
reminiscing of old times and solving the elaborate intrigues and
horror stories that were weaved into the event. All of them were
in their mid 30s, like myself, and had studied at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. By most standards, I
supposed you can say that we were an upscale and relatively
closed circle.

The evening had begun and people were already having a good time
when something caught my attention. As expected, the crowd was
pretty homogeneous which made it easier to notice something
unusual; amongst the guests, three young women dressed in the
classier type of French maid outfit were serving drinks and
attending to the evening. I guess this went unnoticed by pretty
much everyone since it was not unusual to have paid staff
attending to the needs of the guests, but something felt
different about these girls.

First on my list was their age... The oldest one, a busty blond
with too much makeup, must have been barely 20. The second, in my
opinion an extremely cute dark brunette, was probably around 15.
And the youngest one, a redhead with freckles all over her nose,
was probably 12, although she gave out a vibe which made her seem
older. It seemed pretty obvious to me that the youngest two were
definitely too young to be serving alcohol.

After a bit of observation, more things unnoticed by most started
itching my curiosity. Unlike the rest of the staff attending at
the guests, these girls were taking part in conversations and
interacting with the guests. They seemed well educated and
intelligent, but the elegant language they were using for the
occasion felt tacked on. I briefly wondered if I was paranoid for
being so intrigued by all this.

The youngest two were going around, offering drinks and mingling
a lot more than was expected from barmaids. The oldest one was
basically attending to J.F., one of the few other bachelors in
our group, and didn't seem to have any concern for anyone but
him. This gave me a hint... Unlike me, J.F. has always been
extremely athletic and successful with women. It was not unusual
for him to bring a new young lady every time we had those
evenings.

I decided to get a hold of Catherine. She is the one mainly
organizing these evenings and keeping us all in contact. Through
the years, Catherine has become a true friend of mine and we've
helped each other on multiple occasions. She is married to Marc,
another good friend, and has an almost maternal instinct to help
and protect all of our friends, myself included. On a few
occasions in the past, she tried to match me with some of her
single friends, without real success. At some point, she even
introduced me to one of her cousin that she casually described as
"slutty", hoping that I could at least get a good time out of it.
She knows I'm not miserable about being single, but she just
cares, with an almost mischievous interest.

After finding her in the crowd, I took her aside. We lowered our
voices. "Hey Cathering, what's the deal with 3 girls playing
French maids? I don't know, they kind of feel out of place..."

"Argh, don't tell me about it." she said with an almost disgusted
glance at J.F.

"The oldest one is J.F.'s new trophy girl; the other two are her
sisters. I didn't want him to bring them but he insisted... they
are just not up to par. They have a whole story to them. I'm glad
though, so far you are the only one who seems to have noticed the
intrusion."

She paused, like she just figured something out. She had the hint
of a smile at the corner of her mouth and gave me a sly look to
which I responded with the most innocent and innocuous facial
expression I could come up with. She continued.

"Yeah, you noticed them didn't you? Maybe something good can come
out of this after all, hehe."

"No no, I... I didn't"

"Bah shut up you. The youngest two are also currently living at
J.F.'s with their sister, but he's getting tired of it. He's
kicking the brunette out next week. So they are working here as
maids, gathering money for her. I think he's keeping the youngest
one under his roof only to avoid upsetting her oldest sister,
whom, needless to mention, he's bedding as often as possible."
She winked.

"Anyway, I don't see him housing the youngest for long either.
Regardless, the real problem is that the brunette is pretty much
playing 'gold digger' right now. I'm afraid she's going to
embarrass us all by hitting on one of the married guys. Look at
her... she looks so frigging desperate..."

We turned and looked at the girl, going from table to table. It
all made sense now. Indeed, she was going around, looking for
wealthy gentlemen and trying to strike conversation with the
right people. Her task was made more difficult by the fact that
everyone was wearing 1920s costumes.

"Was she the one who 'attracted your attention'?"

"Yes. Well kind of. But Cath I wasn't..."

She didn't let me finish.

"At least with you she wouldn't be stealing anything you can't or
won't voluntarily part with. And you definitely deserve to put a
little play in your day." She gave me the sly look again.

"The little tramp started her evening by hitting on my husband;
you wouldn't believe the thing she said to Marc and how far she's
ready to go. Man, I swear, the youth these days... I had to have
a talk with her and J.F. to make sure she doesn't try that on
anyone else. Believe me, she would make the perfect 'toy' for you
to... 'play with'. And both you, and her, for opposite reasons,
would totally deserve anything that would ensue."

"But Cath she's so young... I couldn't..."

"Oh of course you can silly! And you should. Nothing magical
happens when a girl turns 18! Seize the opportunity! And you'd
pretty much be doing me and everyone else involved a favor,
including the little slut. Seeing how this is now her only option
and last resort. And don't tell me you wouldn't enjoy 'tapping'
that, as you guys say. Look at here, she's a grown woman, and
she's gorgeous." She winked again.

She obviously had disgust for the girl, prowling through our
friends on the lookout for any way to get our money, her only
mean of doing so being unfitting behavior and promiscuous offers.
The idea of me taking advantage of the girl who was trying to
take advantage of us was obviously pleasing Catherine. In her
eyes, I could see she reveled at the idea of the young brunette
fulfilling any obscene fantasy she thought I had.

The part about her being a 'grown woman' wasn't exactly accurate
though, not by my standards at least. She was indeed extremely
sexy in her French maid outfit but her chest was small and she
still had the extra smooth skin of a 14-15 years old adolescent.
Her black skirt fell below her knees (not the sex-shop kind of
French maid outfit) revealing nice curvy hips. A huge white bow
was tied in her back below her waist, falling on the perkiest
well rounded bottom I've seen in a long time. She was wearing
white ankle height socks with back varnished shoes. Her strapless
dress left her shoulders bare where her dark hair, tied in a
ponytail, came bouncing when she turned her head. I thought her
face was absolutely gorgeous, with soft features and a fine,
somewhat upturned and almost pointy nose.

"Seriously, why not? You are a good man. You work hard, you are
alone and this is exactly what you need. No commitment, young
flesh, lots of energy and you can afford it without blinking.
Plus with you it's safe; I know you're too smart to let her play
you. And, even for her, although I don't give a damn what happens
to her, you are probably the best guy she could end up with
anyway."

"Hell, as far as I'm concerned, you could also take the youngest
if you are into that! Twice the fun."

"Cath! She's frigging 12 for god's sake!"

"Well you know, seeing how things go, I'm sure you would not be
teaching anything new to that little redhead. Agreed it'd be a
little kinky, but we an open- minded group... She sure is a cute
little thing."

We both took a glance over our shoulder, looking at the youngest
of the three sisters. She indeed was quite cute; little snub
freckled nose, nice feminine curves already; the whole package.
However, I decided she was just too young. Hell, her sister, the
brunette, who was painfully attractive, was almost too young!

"Catherine, who do you think I am?!"

Just with the tone of my voice, she new where I stood and that
she needed to back out. In a way, she had won though. She would
drop the most extreme part of her proposition and, out of good
will, I would be forced to accept the rest. "Alright alright.
You're right; you are too much of a gentleman to get involved
with the 'little girl', no matter how cute she is or how
innocuous this would be given the circumstances. BUT, you are not
backing out on the perky little brunette." This was halfway
between the affirmation and the question.

"Cath I don't know... I mean, look at me; she wouldn't..."

"Oh shush! It is done then. We let her be the judge of that;
you'll see what she does. That should lift any hesitation you
have left about her worth, and yours, and who deserves what."

"I think her name is Valerie by the way. I'll tell J.F. that I
think I saw you looking at her and suggest that at least with you
she wouldn't be causing any damage. We'll see what happens."
She gave me a warm smile with mischievous eyes. I capitulated and
faintly smiled back without hope of changing her mind.

"Catherine, you'll be death of me. What if I am not interested?"

"You are on your own now big boy. If she comes and talk to you,
you deal with the situation however you like..."

She laughed discreetly and continued.

"You deal with... HER... however you like."

She finally raised her voice back to normal level, marking the
end of our conversation.

"Now get back into your role and enjoy your evening, Lord Angus.
You're missing on all the action; Sophia just murdered Jack with
a candlestick!" She left with a smile. This was just short of
crazy.

I sighed with relief when I saw her heading to her husband Marc
and not to J.F.

I went to the bar and grabbed a much needed drink. Slowly, my
conversation with Catherine sank in and I calmed down. I did my
best not to stare too obviously at the young dark haired brunette
whom I now knew was named Valerie. She was coming and going,
sometime disappearing in the crowd. J.F. was still under the
close attention of the busty blond sister and there was no sign
of Catherine.

I finally relaxed and got my head back in the H.P.Lovecraft
inspired story that was the pretext for this whole evening. A
couple of hours must have passed.

After curing a couple of persons from their imaginary mental
illnesses using my character's psychology skill, I hit the bar
one more time for another drink. I was finally starting to really
unwind when I felt a finger tapping on my shoulder.

"Lord Angus?"

I swallowed my drink with difficulty and turned around.

"Good evening Sir. My name is Valerie. Could you follow me
please, there is an important phone call for you."

"Ahem. Yes, yes of course, lead the way miss".

We took a short walk through a corridor leaving the ballroom and
entered an adjoining lounge. We were alone in the cozy and softly
lit room, which was furnished with heavy leather couches. Before
I had time to say anything she spoke in a quiet voice.

"I'm sorry for the lie about the telephone my Lord. I was
wondering if we could talk in private... if you have a minute."

"Yes, what is it?"

She motioned me to one of the couch and sat down beside me. She
was not physically touching me in any way but us sharing the same
couch when two other were available made the situation awkward
and intimate already. I stayed silent. "Thank you Sir. My name is
Valerie and I have a bit of a problem. Based on what I know, I
think you might be in a position to help me. I know this may
sound weird or preposterous but please listen to my story before
you dismiss my proposition."

"Very well."

She then proceeded to very tactfully explain her situation with
J.F. and basically everything that Catherine had already
explained to me. All the while, I was positively impressed as she
never once broke the 1920 suspension of disbelief and stayed in
her maid role at all times.

She was undeniably very intelligent and must have had some
advanced education. It was still unclear to me why she was so
eager to get into such a setup, with me or with anyone else, but
she was so smart and persuasive that even I began to think that
this might not really matter after all. From this point on, she
started pushing all my right buttons. As a matter of fact, she
was probably too cleaver and convincing for her own good. While I
listened to her, I couldn't help but admire her angel like skin,
her delicate bare shoulders and her amazing face.

"So I was told your main residence is in New-York city?"

"That is correct."

"And that your business is very successful, affording you a
luxurious living?"

"Well yes, I don't have any reason to complain on that front."

She took a pause. I wondered as to what I should say next but
before I could reply she continued.

"My Lord, please take no offence, but back in the ballroom, I got
the impression that you were watching me from times to times.
Would I be foolish to hope that you find this young maid
pleasing?"

I must have turned completely red on the spot and I felt flushed.
"Oh I'm sorry if Sir, I by no mean wish to embarrass you. Most
likely you think I am too young or socially too low for you..."

I cleared my throat.

"No, not at all. I don't have a single thought for social
standing and your youth only adds to your charm."

At that moment, I thought she blushed a little. She definitely
smiled and looked at the floor modestly.

"What would you think of a live-in maid, or a personal assistant?
And I mean beyond the scope of this event, and 1920 universe."

Before I could reply, she proceeded to explain the gravity of her
situation and how the circumstances commanded for extreme
solutions for which she was ready to do whatever it took.

"I obviously know how to clean and cook and would be completely
dedicated to attending to your every need. Every."

She turned her eyes to the floor.

"I know this is asking a lot, taking a stranger under your roof,
but as I explained, my situation warrants my offer. I don't think
you would regret it my Lord."

I knew this is where this was going from the beginning but it
still left me dumbstruck. Before I could turn my wits about and
say something, she added.

"What I mean by that Sir, is that I also have some experience
in... in pleasing men. And... and if you fancy me at all, I would
be at your service."

This time she clearly blushed and couldn't get her gaze away from
her own feet. I mustered all the composure I had.

"Well. Lets assume, for the sake of conversation, what I would
entertain such an idea. Surely you must have requests in return?"

She stayed silent for a brief moment.

"Yes, yes Sir. Three things, in addition to whatever you will
choose to grace me with in terms of clothing or gifts."

"Yes..."

"First I would require my own room under your roof, where I can
retire in private when I'm not serving you."

"That is not a problem."

"Second, I would need free time... I understand you work during
the day my Lord?"

"Yes, I work all week, 9 or 10 hours every day."

"Excellent Sir, that would be plenty to give me the free time I
need and make sure everything is ready for your return at night.
So in addition to the time you are away, I would require 2 nights
a week, one being during the weekend. During this time, not being
in your service, I require TOTAL freedom, with no questions asked
and no restriction as to whom I meet and what I do."

I took a few seconds to think.

"Well, as long your outside activities are not criminal in nature
and do not cause me trouble or render you unable to accomplish
your work, those terms are agreeable."

"Yes, of course my Lord."

A few seconds of silence passed.

"So, do I understand that you are interested in my offer Sir?"

"Well, yes, possibly. But you said you had 3 requests?"

"Yes, yes Sir. My last request is to get to know you better
before any decision is taken on either side."

"Of course, what would you like to know?"

"Well, I mainly have questions as to your taste... as a man."

I stayed silent, awaiting the questions.

"Please do not be offended, but it's better if things are clear
before hand, so that no misunderstanding is possible and that you
are not disappointed."

"So first would you require of me that I 'serve' any other man
besides yourself?" "Euh no. No I live alone and I don't share
that kind of intimacy with friends."

"No animals, necrophilia, suffocation, scaring, branding, etc."

"Miss, you are pushing it. Just what kind of men are you used to
deal with? No, no animals or any of the perversions you
mentioned."

"I apologize Sir. I want to reassure you, I can't say I'm really
'used' to be with men at all. There was your friend J.F. once,
and a single boyfriend before that. My older sister, on the other
hand, has had very bad experiences and we've always been very
close."

At that moment, I seriously wondered if someone who could speak
about sex so openly could really have had so little actual
experience. A few days later however, a call to J.F. would
confirm that, to the best of his knowledge, she was telling the
truth. In fact, it seems that her older sister had gone through
the same pattern at her age, which explained a lot.

"And you would require me to take control, possibly assuming the
dominant role?"

"No Miss Valerie."

"You know... I won't automatically refuse if you answer
positively to any of my questions..."

"I prefer to be in control, especially when it comes to young
ladies."

"And is my youth something despite which you would fancy me, or
is it something you would like me to emphasize?"

I blushed, she understood immediately, replying with a shy smile.

"I understand Sir and that is very well. And have you no interest
in men at all?"

"Not at all, in no way, shape or form."

"Ok. And since you like to be in control, does that mean that you
could tie me down or restrain me?"

"Yes, I definitely imagine that could happen."

"And maybe... I don't want to give you any ideas but... punish
me, when you think I haven't been a good girl?"

"Well yes, that is also extremely likely to happen."

"Very well. And what form of punishment would I expect?"

"Well, spankings of all sorts of course, and on all of your body.
Having to stand in various positions, exposed for my pleasure.
Things like that I suppose."

She blushed, stared down.

"Would you use instruments to spank me? Or do it with your hand?"

"Let say I would only use instruments if you agree that it is
deserved."

"And my Lord, would you beat me? Meaning would you punch or kick
me?"

"Of course not, what kind of man do you think I am?"

"I'm sorry Sir. I'm glad to hear this."

A few moments of silence passed. I guess we were both thinking.
This conversation had rapidly become surreal and I had a hard
time assimilating everything being said, especially the things I
was saying. She continued.

"Sir, as I've told you, I've had some experience at pleasing men,
so I need not ask you for everything since I'm already disposed
to do most of what men usually require of a woman, or in my case,
from a girl."

"There is a last thing though. Please do not be offended. Do you
enjoy scatological activities?"

"No. In fact Miss, I abhor it. I can't help it, but I just can't
stand it, any of it. And if it is something that is part of
taste, I think we can pretty much end this conversation
immediately."

"Oh no! No, in fact that I am quite happy to hear that. Because
although probably less extreme than other perversions I mentioned
earlier, this is something I could never bring myself to do."

"And no golden showers for me either; just not my cup of tea."

"I agree Sir."

There was a moment of silence.

"Is there anything specific that you would like to bring up on
your side my Lord?"

I thought for a minute.

"Yes, yes there are a couple of things I guess."

She nodded, attentive.

"First there is the oral pleasure. I like to both give and
receive it. I trust the same is true of you."

"Of course my Lord."

"And you are in good health, nothing to prevent me from enjoying
you?"

"Oh no my Lord, I'm in perfect health. Although I've had some
experience, your friend J.F. will be able to confirm that it was
nothing risky, and I am completely disposed to take any tests you
deem pertinent. All in all, I'm still just a little girl Sir."

She gave me a shy girlish smile. She obviously had the right
angle to this and she new it. I shifted in my seat, trying to
accommodate a hard-on I couldn't repress.

"Very well Valerie. And to conclude on oral sex, I've always
thought that a good girl shouldn't spit. So does the taste of
male fluid disgust you, or will you be able to... well... I'll be
blunt: swallow?"

"I would make sure to always be a very good girl for you Sir."

She stood from the couch facing me with her angelic figure. I
rose to my feet also. I felt very clumsy as she moved close to
me. I opened my arms and she moved in, slowly turning around and
taking my hands to close them on her stomach, around her.

She tilted her head, offering me her neck and shoulder to kiss.
Delicately, my lips caressed her milky skin, soft and tender.
Slowly, still holding my hands, she slowly slid them upward,
until I was cupping her small firm breasts with both hand.

"My Lord, your terms are agreeable. So if they are also to you,
you can take your young and obedient French maid home this very
night."

I couldn't bring myself to say a word as she slowly lowered my
right hand to her crotch. Softly, she caressed herself through
her skirt using my fingers. All the while, I was kissing and
lightly licking her neck, massaging her left breast with my other
hand.

After a minute, she stopped. She obviously expected me to have
answered by that time.

"I don't want to force your hand Sir. Take any time you need to
think. In the meanwhile, I will leave you with little memento."

Without raising her skirt, she reached under and gracefully
pulled down her panties. She delicately stepped out of them and
picked them up, gently folding them. They were plain white cotton
panties, with a somewhat revealing back side, without being a
thong. She raised them to her nose and discreetly smelled them,
looking me in the eyes while she did so. With fake modesty or
genuine embarrassment she turned her gaze to the floor as she
handed them to me.

"Please excuse me; they are a little wet on the front. Take this
as a token of my desire to please you in any way possible. I hope
I can get your response tonight..."

This is when I came out of my trance. I had to say something,
continue with what I was saying.

"Thank you little Valerie, that is indeed a very nice gift."

"I can give you my answer right now, although I am not quite done
yet. I said there were two things."

"You are right my Lord, the first involved my health and my good
behavior at the end of oral sex. Please, tell me Sir, what is the
second thing?"

"Well, the second thing is simple. Although I have no interest at
all in your non- sexual bodily functions and insist on the
uttermost cleanliness in all things and at all times, and
although I do not fancy men in no way, when I am with a woman..."

I moved in closer to her, cradling her in my arms.

"When I am with a girl such as you, I like to enjoy all and every
aspects of her body, explore every corner, closely examine every
inches, experience her from every angles, including some that may
be unpleasant to her. And when I look at you, I can't help but
think that I am particularly fond of some of your... assets."

Saying that, I slowly lowered my hand until it was softly cupping
the right cheek of her firm and round little butt. With my left
hand, I lifted her chin until our eyes met.

"If you can confirm that you will be a good and obedient little
girl, and let me enjoy ALL that you have to offer, as often I
please, then consider your offer accepted young lady."

I softly squeezed her ass cheek through her robe as I released
her from my embrace. She looked at me with shy eyes and spoke
softly.

"I see. Thank you my Lord. I shall take this under advisement and
give you my answer before nights end. As far as you are
concerned, I assume that this is all you wanted to say?"

"It is, beautiful child."

"Thank you."

She curtseyed and left the lounge. I fell back on the sofa, still
trying to crystallize in my mind everything that had just
happened. Did I go too far? Did I scare her away? Was this
madness to begin with? Catherine's words came back in my head,
and everything that followed... yes, this was probably alright.
If it works out then it's fine and if it doesn't then it's as if
nothing has happened.

I squeezed the panties in my pocket. Well, almost nothing. I
sniffed them; they were a little damp on the front. They smelled
faintly of flower based perfume, baby powder and female sex. I
remembered the feel of her teenage pussy through her black skirt,
how she smelled the love juice of her own young slit before
giving me the panties...

Almost an hour must have passed. Without haste, I then went back
to the bar, ordering another drink. I saw Catherine, talking with
J.F.'s blond bombshell, Valerie's older sister. That almost got
me worried but Catherine saw me and gave me a quick wink. Behind
them, J.F. gave me a thumb up and pointed across the room.

Coming out of the restroom was Valerie, still wearing the same
outfit. She gave a side look at her sister who nodded in the
affirmative. She continued walking towards me, smiling softly.
She got close to me and she whispered.

"Can we speak in private once more?"

I followed her back to the lounge. On my way out, I saw
Catherine, looking at me with a smile, and everyone else, either
oblivious or not giving a care in the world.

Once back in the lounge Valerie put her arms around my neck and
laid her head on my chest.

"My Lord, I consulted with my sister and rethought of the
proposition. Will you please take me home tonight Sir? I am
entirely yours."

Which this, she offered me her mouth. I kissed her, lightly at
first, and then she opened her mouth, allowing me to explore her
with my tongue, French kissing her deeply for long minutes. Still
in my arms, she spoke, slowly moving away from me.

"And Sir, to demonstrate my dedication and will to submit to your
every desire, I have prepared something for you."

While she was saying that, she moved to the closest wall, and her
fists closed between her chest and the wall, leaning against it,
her back to me. I slowly moved, following her.

"I hope this will please you, and begin to demonstrate that I
will be a docile little girl, yielding to your authority and
submissive to all your instructions and preferences."

Still cradled against the wall, she reached behind with one hand,
rolling up her skirt high on her thighs.

"If you will Sir, please put a hand under my dress, and grab a
hold of my bare bottom."

Slowly, I placed my right hand low on her thigh, almost between
her legs. This surprised her but she didn't flinch. I slowly
moved up, moving back toward the rear of her leg to respect her
instructions. Moving up behind her, I finally caressed her naked
buns. My other hand on her shoulder, I gently squeezed one butt
cheek, and the other. I was softly running my palm across both
her cheeks, along her ass crack when she quietly let the dress to
my care, leaning once again on both closed fists against the
wall.

"I hope my behind is to your liking Sir. Since you expressed your
inclination for this part of my body, I hope to keep it soft and
smooth for you my Lord. At the same time, I will exercise and
make everything possible to make sure it stays both firm and
supple, so you can always enjoy the nicest rear end I can offer
you my Lord. I also expect to be thoroughly punished and my butt
to be spanked red. Whether it is because I misbehaved or just
because it brings you pleasure, please treat me like the little
girl I am and dispose of me however you like."

I was running my hand all over her baby smooth butt, caressing
its soft skin, running the backside of my hand along its crack.
She was docile in the extreme, letting me fondle her without
restriction.

"My behind will always be available and offered to your
attention. I expect to be examined closely and touched in the
most inappropriate and intimate places. Don't hesitate to spread
my cheeks and force me to hold them apart for your viewing
pleasure. I'm your little baby doll and my butt hole belongs to
you like all the rest."

She cleared her throat as a softly pinched her left cheek. I
slowly ran a single finger along her ass crack, reaching deep
between her legs, stopping just before touching her slit.

"And lastly, forgive me if I'm explicit, but I want to make sure
there is no ambiguity and that you don't feel the need to ask the
question... I clearly understood your message and I consent to
your terms. So I fully expect to be bent over, have my butt
cheeks spread and have my asshole penetrated. Based on what you
told me and the special interest you have for my rear end, it is
your privilege to enjoy some young tail whenever you feel like it
and I fully realize that it means that I will get sodomized on a
regular basis. Please, toy with your little girl's anus as much
as you want."

With this, she grabbed my left hand from her neck, and looking at
me over her shoulder, with eyes filled with both innocence and
lust, took my middle finger in her mouth, all the way to the
hand. She sucked on it for a few second, and then slowly pulled
it back out, leaving it covered with saliva. She then turned back
around to submissively face the wall, my right hand still
fondling her little ass.

"My Lord, in accordance with your final request, I want to assure
you that each and every of my young orifices are yours to enjoy
as often as you please. And even though it's not safe for you to
take me right here, since you could be surprised at any time if
you dropped your pants, I still want you take possession of my
anus, if you so desire. I went to the little girl's room and
washed up to make sure I was squeaky clean for you."

With this, she subserviently lowered her head against the wall
and slightly spread her legs. I moved even closer behind her, my
breath on her neck. With my right hand, using my forefinger and
my thumb, I spread her buttocks a good inch and a half apart.

"Thank you, my darling, for this nice gift."

"I belong to you my Lord; don't thank me for what is already
yours. You already own it..."

I could feel her tense up as a lowered the wet middle finger of
my left hand behind her. She flinched ever so slightly when I put
its tip on her butt hole. I caressed this intimate spot of hers
for a few seconds, holding her buns apart with my other hand. She
skipped a breath when I finally inserted my finger up her ass.

Her face was flushed and I could see her embarrassment as I
slowly pushed and pulled my finger in and out of her very tight
asshole. She spoke faintly, her voice trembling.

"Thank you Sir. Please finger my butt hole as much as you want."

She had to pause and nervously swallowed her saliva.

"And that, Sir, is just a minute portion of all the things you'll
be able to do to me. I'll be your personal live-in sex toy, your
young and submissive little slave."

"When we get home, you can spank me for all the bad language I
used tonight. And for our first evening, I suggest you fuck my
face, and send me to bed with your cum down my throat and the
taste of it still in my mouth."

I have to admit; we left the party right away... I couldn't wait
and skipped the suggested spanking, going directly to the blowjob
in the car during the ride home, sending her to bed immediately
when we arrived. Lord Angus was no more, but Valerie's Sir and
Lord had just been born...

