Marie's Webcam
byDonnerBBQ©

© 2011 by DonnerBBQ. All rights reserved.

Marie's Webcam Ch. 01

My wife Marie loved her job, working as a software developer for a small startup company. The company only had ten employees and half of them were programmers or project managers directly involved in coding. With such a small company, the work atmosphere was fantastic. The president and vice president were in their 30s, and everyone else in their 20s. She could probably make more money working for a larger company, but she had already done that right out of college and appreciated the importance of a good environment.

The only real problem with her job was the commute. It typically took her 1.5 hours each way. Having to spend fifteen hours every week sitting in a traffic jam or packed like a sardine on a train was exhausting. But she liked her job well enough to tolerate the commute. We even talked about moving to cut down on the commute, but financially it wasn't a good time to do so.

One day Marie came home from work and told me that she was discussing the commuting problem with her project manager Jim. In the course of the discussion, she asked about the possibility of working from home one day a week. While he was sympathetic towards her commuting difficulties, it didn't sound like he was in favor of the idea because of the effect that it would have on the team development process. But he did say that he would think about it and discuss the issue with the powers that be.

I expected the proposal to go nowhere. But the following week Marie came home and cheerily informed me that they told her that she could work from home one day a week. She was pretty excited about it and proceeded to give me the details.

"I had a meeting with Jim and Marcus, the VP. Marcus started by explaining the importance of company morale. From the way he was talking it sounded like it was a definite 'no.' But then he began talking about how important I was to the company and how he was disappointed to hear that my long commute was becoming a problem. He said that they were willing to consider it, but wanted to hear my ideas on how it would work.

"We'll I hadn't really thought about details, I figured I could just remote desktop in and work normally. But he wanted to make sure that my work-from-home time would actually be productive. He asked about what my 'home office' was like, what kind of distractions there would be during a typical day, and how I'd communicate with the development team during the day. I told them about our office and that nobody else would be here during the day besides our dog, and that we could talk on the phone whenever we needed to.

"Marcus said that communication was their biggest concern. He explained that if there are delays in communication or if communication isn't effective it could really have a detrimental impact on development. As I listened it sure sounded again like a 'no.' I was hoping it could just not be a big deal to work one day a week from home, but instead it was turning into this big production. Then Marcus said that they had come up with a solution if I was okay with it."

Marie then explained their idea. They would install webcams on the developers' personal computers in the office and one in the conference room, and they wanted Marie to install one in her home office. She could still virtually attend meetings in the conference room and chat face-to-face with any of the developers at any time.

This new policy was only on a trial basis and it didn't just apply to her. To be fair, they had to let all of the developers get the same deal. They each had one specific day when they could work from home. Marie's lucky day was Wednesday. The other programmers, Justin, Frank, and Wayne each had their own assigned days too.

A few days later Marie installed a webcam and attached it to a shelf above her monitor. Her desk was against a wall near the entrance to the small office. As such, the webcam was fairly non-intrusive. I've always been guarded of my privacy so I was happy that the webcam wasn't pointing into a hallway or any commonly used areas. All that people would see would be her if she were sitting at her desk, and the remainder of the office, which contained a bookshelf, a closet and little else.

The following Wednesday Marie was able to sleep in a bit and enjoy the commute-free work day. When I came home that evening it sounded like it was a big success. The other developers left their cams on all day so that communication was seamless. The developers even ate together in the conference room so they could all share lunch. Most importantly, Marie looked less exhausted having cut out the commute from her day.

Before long, it was just the standard routine for us. On Wednesdays Marie still had to shower and dress for work to remain professional, but around 8:30 she would go into her office and turn on the cam and microphone and begin working. Of course by that time I was long gone for work myself, but that's what she told me. At the end of the work day she'd turn the camera and mic off.

Outside of normal work hours all of the developers would periodically sign in to chat. Sometimes it was to do legitimate work, but often it seemed like they were just using the setup to socialize. Marie would often turn on the camera for an hour or so at night, and for several hours on the weekend. She never used the microphone outside of normal work hours to avoid it being too intrusive or accidentally picking up our private conversation. But just being able to see her work buddies and interact with them in real time was something that I could tell she enjoyed.

One night, Marie and I were reading in bed when Marie got up to get a different book. She went into her office and a minute later was back in bed reading. I didn't think anything of it. A couple minutes later I got up to get a drink and Marie handed me her book, told me she changed her mind about reading it and asked if I'd return it for her.

So I went to the office and put the book back on the shelf. But as I turned around I noticed that the red light on the cam was on. I didn't think too much of it until I got into the hall, when I remembered that Marie was just in there. I then considered what she was wearing: just a t-shirt and panties. She had gotten rid of her bra and pants when she got into bed.

"Honey, " I said as I re-entered the bedroom. "did you realize that you left the cam on?"

"Oh, no, I'm sorry. Did you turn it off for me?" she asked.

"No, but do you realize that you were just in there? " I asked, as I deliberately glared at her bare legs.

I could see the light go on in her head as she understood what I was saying. Her jaw dropped and she just sat there for a moment with her mouth agape as she considered what somebody might have seen. As she closed her mouth she was smiling and looked slightly embarrassed. Finally she said, "Oops. Well, it's late. Nobody was probably watching anyway."

She was trying to dismiss it. But I rather liked seeing her embarrassed so I pressed on and responded, "Yeah, but what if they were?"

"Well, then they would have seen me standing there for a moment in my panties. It's not the end of the world."

"I know. But you're going to have to be more careful about turning it off when you're done. You could have just as easily gone in there tonight without panties, or topless, or even completely naked. Would you have said 'oops' then?"

From the tone in my voice she knew that I wasn't mad and that I was just joking around with her. She smiled and then said with her innocent voice, "You mean if I accidentally walked in there topless to get a book and let them all get a glimpse of my boobs? Oops!"

She was teasing me back and it was working. I was suddenly hard and I wasn't quite sure why. Something about them accidentally seeing her wearing little or less was striking a nerve. She picked up on my reaction and pulled down my shorts and started grazing her hand across my balls and cock. And she continued talking in an innocent voice.

"I might be standing there for several minutes with my boobs out, not knowing that anyone is watching me. Meanwhile Wayne, and Justin, and Frank would all be staring at them, gawking at your wife's tits."

She momentarily took her hand off my member and pulled off her t-shirt. She returned to rubbing my cock while modeling her naked tits for me.

"They would all be seeing my boobs and my nipples. Just staring at them and memorizing every curve. And I might accidentally drop a book on the floor and I wouldn't even know that they were watching my boobs sway back and forth as I bent over to pick it up. And I would be completely unaware as they took screen snapshots of me. They would all have pictures of my boobies to show their friends and jack off to."

That was it. I lost it and came hard.

About a week later I was in bed reading and she came in to join me. I was casually aware of her getting undressed for bed. I then noticed her crawling up between my legs from the foot of the bed and knew that she was in the mood. I put my book down and looked at her. She was smiling mischievously and said, "I need to get a book to read but I think I might have left the cam on."

I looked at her and could see that she was really turned on by the thought of going in there again where one or more of her fellow coders might see her dressed only in a thin t-shirt and panties.

"Do you know if anyone is still online?" I asked.

"Well I just left and both Justin and Frank were working away. So they're still probably online."

I could tell from the excitement in her eyes that she really wanted to do it. And as my member stirred I couldn't say that I was opposed. "I need to see this," I said as I got up out of bed.

"Do you want to watch my monitor so you can see if they're online and whether they notice?"

"Yeah, that'd be great, but I don't want to be seen."

"I know, but I can turn the monitor so you can see it and still be out of view." With that, she went into the office. She hugged the wall as she approached her desk to remain out of view and turned her monitor 90 degrees.

She exited the office and I snuck in the same way to look at her monitor. Sure enough, the guys were still online, actively chatting about some coding issue. They seemed to be in disagreement about whether some method belonged in one class or another. It sounded like they could use a distraction.

I returned to the hallway and we talked about it a bit more. She seemed both nervous and excited. We talked about how it needed to look like we didn't realize the cam was on. She could get disciplined or even fired if they thought she was intentionally letting them see her partially undressed. She understood that she needed to put on a convincing act. I wondered if she could really hide the excitement that she was exuding.

I returned to her monitor while she went to 'get ready'. I didn't know what that meant until she returned and I saw her standing in the hallway. She was just wearing a sexy matching set of black lace bra and panties. I was certain that I had not seen these before. She looked absolutely delectable. I could see a lot of pinkish skin beneath her bra but her nipples were largely hidden by the lace pattern. Her panties concealed everything in the front, but when she turned around to show me her back, I realized that much of her butt was exposed. It wasn't exactly a thong, but only about the top third of her ass was covered.

"New purchase?" I asked.

"Yeah, ya like?"

"Oh fuck yeah. You look fantastic!"

I couldn't believe that Marie was thinking about walking into their view dressed like that. If she followed through they were certainly going to be distracted. A part of me wanted to stop her and a part of me was getting hard thinking about her coworkers seeing her in her sexy underwear.

I was still a bit lost in thought when Marie suddenly walked into the room and flicked on the light. She passed as a blur in front of her desk as she made her way to the bookshelf. She then stood in front of the bookshelf, looking at the books. With her face out of view she asked, "Well?"

I described what I saw. It seemed that the light coming on and Marie shooting in front of the desk grabbed their attention. And now they had stopped chatting entirely and were staring intently at their screens. Marie's webcam was focused on her chair, but Marie was only standing five or six feet away so the image was still clear. They could see her cute panty-covered butt and her long legs. Her ass looked absolutely fantastic and these guys were simply staring at it, memorizing every feature.

Marie took a book off the shelf and looked at the front cover for a moment. Then she turned the book over as if she were reading the back cover. As she did this, she slowly turned around and faced the camera but kept her eyes on the book. The guys were still staring at their monitors and hadn't typed a word since Marie entered the room. They could now easily see the front of her panties. However, she was holding the book in front of her so her bra-encased breasts were largely concealed. When I told her that she was blocking their view of her top she held the book off to the side, providing them with an unobstructed view of her bra. She waited a few moments and then very slowly walked out of view of the camera and back into the hall.

As soon as Marie was safely out of view a huge smile appeared on her face. She immediately came to look at the monitor and could see the guys still staring at their monitors. They were obviously hoping that she would come back in again.

"So they saw me?" she asked.

"Without a doubt. They both stopped working and started staring at their monitors."

She stood there watching the guys staring at their monitors for a few moments, and then asked "Do you think I should get another book?"

"Nah, I think they got their fun. Now, it's my turn," I said as I started pulling her towards the bedroom. We were instantly all over each other as we were both already highly aroused. I kept thinking of these guys seeing my sexy wife in her bra and panties, looking at her crotch and her butt and her breasts. When they saw her at work would they be envisioning her standing there in bra and panties? I know Marie was thinking about it too because she was highly enthused.

The next evening I asked her if anyone said anything about her cam being left on. She smiled and said, "No, nobody said a word. I guess nobody was offended."

"I'm sure they didn't mind at all," I said.

Over the next few days we mentioned the episode to each other several times, usually when we were in bed. We were both finding it exciting and it was clear that Marie wanted to do it again. We knew it couldn't happen too often without looking deliberate, but if she accidentally left the cam on every once in a while, we figured that wouldn't look too suspicious.

A few more days passed before anything happened. It was a Saturday night and we had just gotten back from a night on the town. Marie logged in just to see what was going on and found Wayne online. I was reading when Marie came by me and said, "Oh, poor Wayne is all alone on a Saturday night. I think he could use a little excitement."

I felt the familiar stirrings of arousal as I thought about what that meant. I quickly put my book down and headed to the office with Marie. Marie sat down and chatted with Wayne for a couple of minutes. Then she typed that she was going to "do some reading and go to bed", turned the monitor so I could watch, and walked out of the office.

Sure enough, Wayne was there appearing rather bored. I asked her, "What if he logs off now?"

"Then he'll miss out I guess. I won't wait long."

Marie hurried into the bedroom to prepare herself while I monitored Wayne. He was still there, but looked really bored so I figured that he could easily log off at any time. I found myself hoping that Marie would come back sooner than later.

I was shocked when I saw Marie walk into the hallway. She had on a standard pair of pink panties, and nothing else. As soon as I saw that she was topless I looked down to her hands, thinking that maybe she just hadn't put the bra on yet. There was nothing in her hands. I looked up to her face and her expression revealed both embarrassment and excitement. Was she seriously thinking about walking in there topless? Teasing her coworkers a bit by letting them see her in her underwear was one thing. Letting them see her topless was definitely more daring and I wasn't sure that it was a good idea. I knew if I asked her to stop, she would. But as she stood there I couldn't help but stare at her breasts and imagine Wayne seeing them. I made no move to stop her. Then she started walking into the room.

I felt a momentary panic as I realized what was about to happen. I looked back to the monitor to see Wayne still sitting there with his chin resting in the palm of his hand. He was pathetically bored but I knew that was about to change. Suddenly Marie's bare back and panty-covered butt appeared on her cam as she walked over to the bookshelf. Wayne noticed right away. It may have been because of his disheveled hair, but his reaction reminded me of a dog's when its master returns home: painfully bored one moment and jumping out of its skin in excitement the next. He moved his face closer to the monitor and he ceased blinking.

Marie just stood there looking at books on the shelf while Wayne ogled her body. With only her panties on, there was a lot of skin showing. Her legs and back were totally exposed, and only her butt was veiled by her pink panties. As Wayne stared I gave Marie a play-by-play account of what I saw. After maybe a half-minute, Marie pulled out a book and I knew she was about to turn around. It was my last chance to stop her from baring her breasts to Wayne. I could tell her to hold the book in front of her breasts to prevent him from seeing anything. But I said nothing.

And then she casually turned around, revealing her tits. Wayne's eyes were wide and threatening to leap from his skull. I couldn't believe that he was now staring at my wife's breasts and nipples. He surely must have checked out her tits at work before, and now he was getting to see them uncovered. And Marie was just standing there with her eyes on the book, knowing that her coworker was watching her intently.

Marie turned back around and replaced the book on the shelf. I saw her looking for another book, and her head tilted upwards towards the top shelf. She suddenly took a couple of steps towards her desk and gave Wayne an even better view of her bare chest. She pulled the chair over to the bookshelf and climbed up to retrieve the book she eyed. She then turned around and jumped off the chair, causing her breasts to bounce up and down. As she slowly pushed the chair back to her desk it was like the camera was zooming in on her breasts.

I was blown away by the view that he was getting of her boobs. It wasn't just a quick glimpse, but a prolonged vision of her nubile body. Now her breasts were front and center in his field of view. And I knew that he was likely capturing the images for future pleasure.

With the chair in place, she turned and left the room. As soon as she was out of cam view she broke into a huge smile. I joined her in the hallway and we embraced and kissed. We then headed into the bedroom and started immediately making love.

The next day we talked about it more and decided that we needed to cool it for a bit. Over the next couple of weeks we 'accidentally' left the cam on a couple of times, but Marie intentionally didn't enter the room until morning. One of those nights we stayed up for a while just to see how long her coworkers would wait up for a chance to see her. Frank and Allen had given up after only a half-hour but poor Wayne was still on after an hour when we decided to go to bed. Who knows how long he waited up. Marie was pretty flattered that they were all so interested in seeing her and I could tell that she was looking forward to giving them another show.

Then one evening Marie must have decided that she had waited long enough. It was only about 9 o'clock when Marie came up to me and asked if I was ready for another show. I was. I told her it was a little early for going to bed, but she just smiled and said "I have a plan."

I stood in the hallway as I watched her walk into the office and sit back down. She typed a bit and then stood up and turned the monitor again for me to view and then walked into the hallway. Instead of stopping by me, she just smiled and continued walking into the bedroom. I was curious what she had planned, so I walked carefully up to the monitor and took a look. All three guys were online. I scanned the conversation and found what I was looking for. 'Well guys, I'm going to go lounge in the bathtub and do some reading. See you tomorrow!'

I called out to Marie, "A bath, huh?" Marie didn't bother to answer.

A few moments later Marie appeared in the hallway with a huge smile on her face. She was completely naked but had a towel draped over her right shoulder. The towel obscured her right breast, but her left breast and her pussy were easily visible.

I was in shock. As I stood there staring at her, my mind went through the same rigmarole as before. I knew it wasn't a good idea for her to show her naked body to her coworkers. While she could always claim it was unintentional and avoid any serious work-related repercussions, these were still people that she worked with and saw almost every day. At the same time, I was very aroused by the thought of these guys seeing her completely naked as I was seeing her now. I looked at her, pretending that I was seeing her nude for the first time. I let my eyes roam down from her face to her exposed left breast, taking in its every curve. I looked at her small, perky nipple and areola. My eyes slid down to her tummy and then to her crotch. I could see her patch of trimmed pubic hair and the faint outline of her pussy lips. I then let my eyes drop further to take in the sight of her sexy thighs and long legs. She was truly a sight to behold.

I finally brought my eyes up to meet hers. The entire expression on her face was something that I was unaccustomed to. Her eyes, her mouth, her cheeks all revealed the arousal and excitement that she must have felt about the prospect of walking in front of the cam nude. At the same time, I think she was rather embarrassed that she was about to intentionally expose herself so fully.

She closed her eyes. I knew that she was working to regain her composure. A few moments later, her eyes opened and a neutral expression appeared on her face. And then she started walking into the room.

All three guys were watching their monitors when Marie passed rapidly in front of the cam on the way to the bookshelf. All six eyes grew wide as they stared with intense interest at the sight before them. It took only a second before she was at the bookshelf. As she stood there, they all just stared at her naked backside. Her cute little buttocks were bare, as were her legs and back. Part of her back was hidden by the towel, but otherwise she was completely exposed from behind.

"Did they notice me?" Marie asked while still facing away from the camera.

I chuckled briefly at her question before answering, "Yes, they noticed. They're all staring at your butt right now."

Her butt slightly flinched. Then she asked, "well, does it look like they are enjoying the view or are they just staring?"

"Oh, they're enjoying the view. No doubt, honey. They also appear to be greatly anticipating you turning around."

"Yeah? It's going to take me a minute here. I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Take your time hun, they're not going anywhere."

With that, she stood quietly for a bit, periodically picking up a book, looking at it, and putting it back on the shelf. Finally she said, "here goes" and started slowly turning around while looking at the back book cover.

And then there she was, standing completely nude in front of her cam while her three coworkers stared at her body. Two of them had these huge shit-eating grins while the third looked more in awe. I couldn't believe that they were all staring at my naked wife. I kept looking at her cam image, knowing that all three of them were seeing that image of her. The only thing they couldn't see was her right breast as it was covered by the towel. But her left tit, her lean stomach, her legs and her patch of pubic hair were all being stared at by them.

How many times had they checked her out at work before now? How often had they looked at her ass in different pants? How often had they checked out her tits and been delighted whenever they got treated to a brief sight of cleavage? They didn't have to wonder anymore about what her body looked like. It was now naked before their eyes.

Marie didn't stand there for long. It was just 20 seconds or so. Then she brought her head up from her book and walked just a bit too quickly out the door.

And that was it. We hugged and kissed and both returned to watching their expressions as they continued to watch her cam. We watched them for just a minute or two before heading back into the bedroom to recount the event and eventually make love.

After the love-making, after the arousal of her flashing her coworkers wore off I began to really question whether it was such a good idea. Not that it mattered at this point. Truth be told, it was all harmless fun. All five of us enjoyed it and they probably had plenty of screen captures to remember the occasion. I just hoped that this bit of harmless fun wouldn't jeopardize Marie's job or otherwise cause conflict at work because Marie really did enjoy her job. 


Marie's Webcam Ch. 02

In the days that followed, none of her coworkers said anything. My wife Marie had knowingly walked completely naked in front of her webcam and pretended to be unaware that her three fellow programmers were watching, and none of them said a word to her. I can't say that I was surprised. If it were me, I too would have kept my mouth shut in hopes of future shows. But Marie knew that she had to ease up. She couldn't give a repeat performance too often without it becoming obvious that she knew they were watching. Nevertheless, the desire for that thrill of exposure remained and continued to grow.

I didn't think anything of it when Marie said that she wanted to get a laptop so that she could work outside when the weather was nice. So we went down to that big box electronics store and got a laptop with a built-in camera. Marie was excited about the purchase, as anyone is when they get a new computer. After spending the couple of hours necessary to install and customize her usual software packages, Marie was ready to go.

Marie quickly settled into a new routine with her laptop. During the day she would set herself up either outside, in the living room, or even in the office with the poor, neglected desktop pushed to the side. At night she would sometimes be in the living room, but more often in the office or lying on the bed with the laptop. I know that being in bed while cam-chatting with your colleagues sounds a bit odd, but she would always be fully clothed while doing it, so it really didn't seem that abnormal. It was just a convenient place for her to stretch out and use her computer.

Embarrassingly, it took me a couple of days to realize that the laptop opened up some new opportunities as the camera was now mobile and no longer confined to the office. When Marie and I talked about it, it was clear that she realized the same thing and was eager to have more fun. As a couple of weeks had already passed since her last 'accidental' show, we agreed that we wouldn't have to wait too long.

A few days later it happened. I came upstairs one night and saw Marie sitting in bed chatting with a couple of the guys. I told her I was about ready to go to bed and asked her if she was nearly done. She said that she was, and then spent a few moments to say g'nite to the guys before turning and placing the laptop on her nightstand.

I suspected right away that she was planning something because she left the laptop open. We exchanged a look that removed any lingering doubt. The laptop and its camera were facing across the bedroom towards her dresser, and it was aimed parallel to the bed. With the bed out of the camera's view, I too remained out of sight as I stripped down, got in bed, and readied myself for whatever she had planned.

Marie walked out of the bedroom to brush her teeth and wash her face. When she returned she paused at the door, which was out of camera view, and gave me a sexy smile. Then the smile melted as she walked into the room, stood by the bed in front of the camera, and proceeded to act normally. She even made small talk about the weather and some yard work she wanted me to do. The microphone was off -- she assured me -- but she just wanted everything to look as normal as possible in case someone happened to be able to read her lips. She was only standing about four feet in front of the camera, but was not facing it and never seemed to look right at it.

Then as we talked half-heartedly Marie began unbuttoning her blouse. As the buttons were unfastened, I found myself marveling at her acting skills. Her face was relaxed. She appeared a bit tired but otherwise peaceful. I couldn't detect any bit of anxiety or excitement at all. And yet the shirt was slowly opening up.

When all the buttons were undone she pulled the shirt off without delay, revealing her plain white bra. She dropped the shirt on the bed as we maintained our conversation. She then put her hands behind her back and unhooked the bra.

I knew the bra was about to come off and I felt a wave of panic rush over me. It didn't last long, but for that brief moment I just couldn't believe that she was going to show her tits again. You'd think I'd be used to it by now, but that just wasn't the case. I knew they had already seen her naked. But I also knew that they were there eagerly waiting for her to pull off that bra so that they could see her tits live again. And she was about to give them that very thrill.

We made eye contact and Marie almost lost her composure. Almost. She laughed as if she was laughing from something I said, and told me to "knock it off".

And then she slipped the bra straps off her shoulders and dropped the bra on the bed. I couldn't help but stare at her tits as I thought about these guys ogling them. They had seen them before but that just didn't seem to matter at that moment. These were my wife's tits and normally only seen by me. Or maybe a girlfriend. But not by guys that admire them sexually. And especially not guys she works with and sees nearly every day. It was just so abnormal for them to be able to see her tits. And so sexy and daring that she was letting it happen.

Almost as soon as the bra was off she began removing her jeans. As she bent over to slide them down her legs, her breasts hung down and rocked gently. It was such an erotic view. Not only did her breasts look just mouth-wateringly delectable, more and more skin was appearing as her jeans fell to the floor. Finally she straightened up again with jeans in hand and placed them on the bed.

She was standing perpendicular to the bed and to the camera's line of fire so the guys had a nice view of her bare legs but couldn't really see her panty-covered butt or pussy. Her panties were nothing extraordinary, just a standard white pair. But as Marie faced me I could see the faint outline of her pussy lips through them. Even though the guys couldn't see the same, it made me realize just how exposed she was. Just this thin pair of panties was all she had on while being watched by her fellow programmers.

Meanwhile, Marie was alternating between facing me and making small-talk and facing away from the camera and talking about the guys watching her. It was rather bizarre to listen to.

"Did I tell you? Kara (her sister) and Robert (the husband) are heading to St. Thomas next week? They're gonna be there the whole week. How do I look? Do you think they're still watching? They rented this little cottage right by the beach. I'm so jealous."

Without warning, Marie hooked her thumbs inside her waistband and pulled her panties down to mid-thigh. She then bent at the waist as she dragged the panties down her legs and stepped out of them. Marie stood up straight again and dropped the panties into her pile of clothes on the bed. And just like that she was completely naked, standing sideways in front of the camera.

I felt a rush of something. Perhaps it was anxiety or arousal. Whatever it was it caused a slight shiver as it passed through me. I was just lying there watching Marie and thinking about her standing nude in front of the camera. Standing sideways as she was, I knew the guys couldn't really see her pussy or her ass. All they could really see was her bare thigh, the curvature of her butt and a side view of her breast. But she was still naked. And these guys that she works with were staring right towards her.

Marie collected her clothes on the bed and picked them up. She then turned away from the camera, walked around the foot of the bed and finally out of camera view, giving the guys a fantastic view of her butt along the way. As soon as she was safely out of view, she turned towards me with a wicked smile. It was clear that she was thoroughly enjoying this game of flashing her body and teasing her coworkers.

Marie deposited her clothes in the laundry bin. As she turned around, she wore this proud grin on her face that told me she wasn't yet done. She walked back towards the camera and removed her facial expressions of enthusiasm just before she re-entered the camera's view.

As she turned the corner of the bed, she faced the camera naked for the first time this evening. She walked straight towards the camera, stopping just a couple of feet in front of it. As she turned her body slightly towards the bed and began to pull the sheets back it hit me again. Here is my wife standing completely naked right in front of a camera. Her coworkers are surely staring blinklessly at their monitors, taking in the sight. Her bare tits are right before them, allowing them to see their full shape and even their firmness as she moves around. They can see her semi-erect nipples too. And now they're getting a nice close-up shot of her pussy. I couldn't believe that they were seeing all of this. By now they had surely figured out how to record from the webcam and would have this video footage of my Marie. At work they'd pretend everything was normal. They'd pretend that they didn't know these intimate details of her body. They would pretend that they didn't recollect naked images of her body whenever they saw her in the office. They'd pretend that they didn't have video of her naked to watch over and over again at home. And Marie would pretend that everything was normal too.

Marie told me that she was going to turn off the light. She turned away from the camera, once again showing them her butt before walking out of camera view. She flicked the light off, but the bedroom was not pitch black as a hallway light that we always keep on leaves the bedroom in a faint glow. Marie couldn't shut the laptop now; that would look suspicious. So she left it on as she walked back over to her side of the bed, right in front of the laptop, and got under the sheet.

We were immediately all over each other. It felt a bit weird making love with a camera just to the side of us. They couldn't see anything and yet I knew that they might still be watching their monitors or recording our darkened room. But any awkwardness was far exceeded by the excitement of seeing Marie standing completely naked in front of the camera. The vision of her nude body on display for her coworkers kept going through my mind. And with her warm body pressed against mine, I almost forgot about the live camera just a few feet away from us.

Over the next several days I kept asking Marie if the guys said anything to her about her webcam exposure. I was worried that someone might say something. I knew if they said anything it would be mighty awkward for Marie at the office. Even though she could deny knowing anything, it would still be awkward. Plus our games would have to end immediately if anyone said anything to her about her exposure. But thankfully, they said nothing.

It was another couple of weeks before anything else happened. I didn't know that Marie had anything planned. I just came into the bedroom one night, consumed by my own job stresses, and saw Marie on the bed with the laptop. What caught my attention was actually not Marie, but a piece of blue painting tape stuck to her nightstand. When I asked her about it, she just smiled teasingly and said, "Get undressed and in bed and then I'll show you."

I was still focused on my job stresses, but I played along and followed her instructions. I stripped down to my shorts and got under the covers. Then Marie turned and placed the open laptop on the nightstand at an angle, carefully aligning it with the piece of blue tape. Last time our bed was completely out of view of the camera. Not this time. Now the camera was pointed towards the center of the bed. It appeared that our pillows were out of view, and perhaps the top half of my chest too, but the camera was pointed right at the center of the bed so most of the bed was surely in view.

I scooted back as far as I could to ensure my head was out of view before asking with alarm, "Marie, uh, what are you doing?"

Marie stepped to the side of the camera and broke into a big smile. She appeared a bit embarrassed about whatever plan she had, but it was clear that she was also excited about it. "Just wait," she said.

I can safely say that at that moment my job stresses were gone. I didn't know what she had planned but it was obvious that it involved more stripping in front of the camera.

Before I could even start to imagine what she had on her mind, Marie stepped back into camera view and stood right next to the bed. And then she began undressing again. She peeled her shirt off quickly. As she stood there with her bra exposed she said, "Did I tell you that we hired a new developer?"

At first I thought she was just making small-talk again, so I ignored her question entirely. When it finally dawned on me that it was a real question, I answered without giving it much thought. "No. Some new college grad? When's he start?"

Marie answered as she started to slide her pants down her legs. "Nah, Stan graduated a couple of years ago and just came over from another company. Anyway, he just started this week."

As her bare legs were increasingly exposed, my brain was focused more on the image before me than on the conversation. When I saw a slight smile on her lips, it finally clicked for me.

"He's already started? Is he online now?"

"Uh-huh, they all are."

I couldn't believe that there were now four guys watching her undress. Marie was standing there in just her bra and panties while they were staring at her. And this new guy was seeing Marie in a way he never probably imagined. To him, she was probably some cute chick at his new work. And now she's standing before his eyes in bra and panties.

"So this Stan has been there less than a week and you're gonna let him see your tits?" I asked playfully.

"Uh-huh," she answered. "He keeps looking at me at work. He tries to be subtle about it, but he definitely keeps checking me out. So I think he'll enjoy seeing my boobs. "

As she said that, she reached her hands behind her back and unhooked her bra. And then she pulled it off.

Once again her bare breasts were exposed before the camera. As she was facing the bed the camera would only be able to capture a rear-profile view, but I'm sure they were enjoying the sight anyway.

"I'm sure he is enjoying the view, but I bet he can't wait for you to turn around."

Marie paused for a second and then turned and walked away from the camera. She walked to her dresser, which was probably just barely still in camera range, opened her top drawer, and looked inside for a moment. Then she closed the drawer, turned back towards the camera, and slowly walked to her previous position by the bed, giving the guys a great frontal view of her bare tits.

"So what do you think about Stan having just seen your tits?" I asked.

Marie turned her face away from the camera again and smiled without answering. I could tell she was turned on by the thought of this new guy seeing her breasts.

Marie then grabbed the band of her panties and pulled them down and off her legs. As she dropped them on the bed, I stared at her naked body. It was just so amazing that she was standing there completely nude while her coworkers, now four of them, watched her every move.

Marie picked up her clothes and walked to the clothes bin, showing them all her great butt. As she returned, she faced the camera fully nude for the first time that evening, and for the first time in front of Stan. I could only imagine what was going through his head. He must be thinking he hit the fuckin' jackpot. Here is this cute girl from work who accidentally left her webcam on. And now she's stripped all of her clothes off and is walking around completely naked in front of the camera. Those tits that he's checked out at work are now bare before his eyes. That ass that he's watched whenever he could sneak a peek was bare too. And even her pussy was exposed right there in front of him. It must be a dream come true.

As Marie paced around a bit by the side of the bed, I continued to marvel at her sexiness and her guts. When she headed out of the room I thought that the show might be over. I had forgotten that she had deliberately changed the camera angle to have it pointing towards our bed.

When Marie returned she was carrying a bottle of body lotion. Marie walked back to the side of the bed and sat down, with the camera aimed almost straight at her naked body. And then she began applying the lotion. She started by carefully applying it to her face. She wasn't rushing at all. She slowly worked it into her cheeks, her chin, and around her nose and eyes, and across her forehead. She then rubbed some around her ears and then onto her neck. When she raised her arm up to apply some lotion to the back of her neck, one breast bounced deliciously. She moved onto her shoulders and down her arms.

And then she began rubbing the lotion onto her breasts. I could only stare at the sight with pure amazement. Watching her fingers and palms rub back and forth across the tops of her tits, rocking them side to side, was simply incredible. And then she massaged the lotion into the sides of her breasts, repeatedly pushing them inward and then letting them slide back to their natural position. But when she started to do the underside of her breasts, I thought I might just explode. It was so arousing to watch her gently lift her breasts and to watch them jiggle slightly when they returned. She spent a couple of minutes working the lotion all over her breasts and it was simply breathtaking to watch. And then her tits glistened wonderfully from all of the lotion.

Eventually she moved on from her tits and rubbed some lotion into her stomach. She then moved down to her legs. She spread her legs at about a 60 degree angle and proceeded to work one leg at a time. She started with her right leg. Using both hands she worked the lotion all over her thigh. Watching her hands move over the inside and outside of thigh and across the top was nearly as arousing as watching her work the lotion into her tits. She moved down to her knee and then her calf. She was still sitting on the bed, so she needed to lean forward to reach her calf, which induced some fantastic bobbing of her breasts. She then repeated the process on her left leg. Again working all over the thigh with her legs spread apart, and down to her calf.

I was so mesmerized watching her that I hadn't even thought about her coworkers in several minutes. But then I remembered that they were seeing all of this too. This wasn't a brief glimpse of her tits that she gave them before in our home office, or even comparable to her undressing in the bedroom last time. This was a prolonged exposure. I had lost track of time but I knew that she had been naked before them for many, many minutes by now. And they even got to watch her rub lotion all over her body. It was just unreal.

Marie stood up and quickly applied some lotion to her ass and down the back of her legs. It looked like she was rushing now, just trying to finish the job. She then briskly walked out of the room with lotion in hand.

As soon as she turned the corner and was safely out of viewing range she let out a "Whoo!"

"Are you okay out there?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm okay, but I nearly lost my composure in there. I can't believe I just did that!"

"You looked absolutely fantastic, honey" I said, with emphasis on the word 'fantastic'.

"That's good, I guess. I'm going to need to calm down a bit before I can come back in there."

And so I waited. At this point I was looking forward to the lights going off so that I could finally get my hands on her. But when she returned she didn't turn the lights off as I expected. Instead, she walked straight to the foot of the bed and looked up at me. Marie reached her hands underneath the covers and pulled them up exposing my feet. As she placed her hands on my ankles and started sliding them up my legs, I realized that the show wasn't over.

I wasn't expecting this and I wasn't prepared for it. Although my face couldn't be seen, I hadn't thought about being intimate with Marie in front of the camera and wasn't sure that I wanted to share that with others. But as Marie's hands rubbed my shins and my knees and began to rub my thighs, my resistance began to dwindle. And then Marie got up and knelt on the bed between my legs. I knew that she could be seen well now by her coworkers. As she leaned towards me to continue rubbing my thighs, her breasts hung down and rocked gently. The sensation of her hands on my thighs, the sight of her rocking tits, and knowing that her coworkers were seeing it all were almost too much to bear.

Marie had exposed most of my legs to mid-thigh as she rubbed them. I knew that if this continued, I would be fully exposed on camera. The idea didn't thrill me. But I realized that it wasn't much different than being in a gym locker room and besides, they really weren't going to be watching me much anyway. I flushed the thought from my mind and focused back on Marie.

Her fingers slowly traced up my thigh, lifting the sheet as they approached my growing member. Suddenly she whipped the sheet off me and tossed it off the bed. Her hands then started gently touching my penis and it continued to grow. I thought of the guys watching the action. Were they imagining Marie touching them the way she was touching my cock? As her fingers slid up my shaft and over my head were they pretending that her fingers were on their cocks?

Marie leaned forward and brought her head towards my crotch. She slowly kissed up my shaft to my head. She began sucking on my head and letting her tongue flit across the tip. Then she started slowing sucking up and down my cock, taking in more and more of me into her mouth. Her oral skills are fantastic and for a brief moment I forgot all about the camera and her coworkers that were watching.

When I remembered our audience I looked at Marie. The camera was still pointed straight at her naked body. At this point she was sitting on her legs so her pussy couldn't be seen. But her tits looked wonderful. As her mouth rose and fell on my cock, her tits bobbed up and down over and over again. The most amazing thing was seeing her face as she sucked hard on my cock. She was really working her lips, her tongue, and her jaw. I was sure that her coworkers were imagining her working her skills on them, pretending that it was their cock in her mouth.

I was rapidly approaching climax so I signaled to Marie that I was about to blow. Nearly always that meant that she would stop sucking and finish me off with her hands. Not this time. In fact it was the opposite, as she began sucking faster and harder while gently stroking my scrotum. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore and I let loose, shooting my load into her mouth. She swallowed what she could but some still dribbled from her lips.

Our eyes met and I could see that she was incredibly turned on. I couldn't believe that she had just blown me with her four coworkers watching. It is such a private act and she knowingly and willingly let them watch, and was turned on by it.

I knew that she needed a release, so I sat up and guided her onto her back. Her head was at the foot of the bed, so her legs were essentially facing the camera but maybe off at a 30 degree angle. I wasn't deliberately trying to put her into a good position for the camera, but that's what happened.

I sat back away from her as I began massaging her thighs. I slid her legs apart to give me better access, unintentionally giving her coworkers a view straight up at her pussy. As I looked at her vulva I knew that she was already highly aroused. Her lips were swollen and she was visibly moist. More like soaked. With her legs spread as they were, her coworkers could surely see it all too. I couldn't believe that we were letting them see her most private part in this excited state. It was as intimate as can be. They were all in their homes watching their monitors and staring straight at Marie's aching pussy. It was so unreal.

I slid my hands up and started rubbing her outer lips. I was probably blocking their view but at this point I was more concerned with pleasuring Marie than putting on a show. I would normally rub her for several minutes to increase her arousal before going down on her, but she looked like she could come at any moment. So I brought my head up and started teasing her lips with my tongue. Almost as soon as I touched my tongue to her clit she came with an intense giggling orgasm and pushed my head away.

Marie remained on her back with her legs spread as she recovered. With my head and body out of the way I knew the four guys could once again see her intimately. She knew it too but still she just lay there, letting her coworkers' eyes feast upon her pussy. After a minute or so Marie got up and we went to the bathroom to clean up.

When we returned to the bedroom we needed to re-make the bed, so the guys were treated to another couple minutes of Marie walking around the room completely naked. I started to get aroused again just watching her, seeing her breasts bounce slightly whenever she leaned forward and knowing that her coworkers were seeing it all too. But then we were done and I turned off the light and the show was over.

As I lay in bed I couldn't believe what had just transpired. She had just given her coworkers quite a show. The three guys she knew pretty well from having worked with them for over a year, but this new guy she'd known for less than a week. And yet she let them all see her bare tits, her ass and her pussy. Their eyes had roamed every inch of her nude body. She let them watch as she slowing rubbed lotion all over her breasts and up and down her legs. They had even gotten a nice shot of her pussy as she lay there with her legs spread. And then there was the blow job. I kept picturing Marie sucking hard on my cock with her tits rocking back and forth. I couldn't believe that they had seen that too. These guys that she works with nearly every day watched her sucking my cock and almost certainly recorded the event to watch over and over again. I wondered if they would even be able to look her in the face at work without imagining her lips wrapped around a cock.

I knew that Marie was enjoying teasing them like this. If it ever came out, Marie would just act like she didn't know anything about it. But for the sake of her job, and for the sake of any future adventures, I sincerely hoped that they would never say a word about it. 
