In A Bikini Shop Changing Room
by EmiTsuruta

Ryosuke and I got naughty in a fitting booth.

Hi, it's me, Emi again. A while back, I took my boyfriend Ryosuke to go swimming. I like Ryosuke because he seems fit, tanned, funny, with an easy smile. He wears sunglasses a lot, and has a bit of a beard, but he looks cool with his hair all styled, long on top and short on the sides. She's never said so, but I think my friend Satomi thinks Ryosuke is handsome too. He seems to be pretty popular.

Ryosuke and I hadn't been going out that long, but our relationship kind of took off after the two of us ended up making love one day in a park near campus. He'd actually told me he loved me right after, or at least that's what I thought he'd said. He kind of mouthed it from a distance, but anyway, even though I wasn't sure about all this outdoor stuff, it did feel good to be desired.

Anyway, I was pleased that he'd finally agreed to come to the pool with me. I love swimming, and am probably pretty good at it. Ryosuke is more a racket sports kind of guy, but anyway, he showed up at the entrance to campus fitness center, smiling away, and peering all around at the facilities. We went into the change rooms, him in the guys and me in the girls. I had a quick shower, and changed into my swimsuit, a navy Asics racing suit I'd brought with me from Japan. When I came out onto the deck though, Ryosuke kind of made a funny face, not exactly pleased with my swimsuit. It doesn't look that bad, but I guess he wants me to wear something a little sexier. I asked him about it, and eventually, he offered to buy me a new suit.

The morning we were supposed to go, I went for a swim early, then pulled on a pink crop hoodie and mini-skirt, and headed to the mall to meet him. This is California, so the mall has this tropical beach resort kind of atmosphere with palm trees and stuff. It was spring, and it had started getting a bit warmer out, but the mall wasn't that busy yet.

After a quick bite to eat, we went to look for swimsuits. We tried the department store first, but all the women's sizes were pretty big on me. Then, we went out into the mall, and found a shop that specialized in swimsuits. I think it was called Bikini Hut or something like that. The clerk was this tanned guy in his twenties wearing a Hawaiian shirt and shorts. His hair was dyed orange. As soon as we walked in, he immediately came over to me, and said,

"Can I help you, miss?" He sounded like a surfer. Ryosuke came over, put his arm around my shoulder, and stressed that,

"WE are looking for a swimsuit." Ryosuke doesn't usually get jealous, so I thought this was a bit funny, but anyway...

"What kind of suit are you looking for?" the clerk asked.

"A bikini," Ryosuke answered, patting me on my behind! I felt kind of embarrassed that he would do this in front of the clerk, but I just let it go. Ryosuke was in a frisky mood. He's been like this ever since we started... well, you know, making out and stuff.

The clerk led us back to where the bikinis were hanging. Ryosuke looked at me.

"Well my sweet, which one do you like?"

I reached out, and took one off the rack, navy blue like the one piece racing suit I usually wear. It was much smaller, just a few strings and not much material.

"Good choice," the clerk said. "That's one of our most popular items. I've got it in other colors if you'd like."

I looked at it closely. The material was slippery, and glistened.

"Um, what kind is it?" I asked.

"Oh, it's a super shiny wet look sport bikini. They're quite popular now," he smiled. I don't think I'd seen any girls in a suit like this...

"What other styles do you have?"

"What about this one?" Ryosuke pulled out another suit even skimpier than the first.

"Oh, that. That's a g-string," the clerk went on. Ryosuke held it up to my body. "Would you like to try it on?"

I laughed nervously, and backed up a little. I guess I should tell you: as much as I love to swim, at that point, I didn't usually wear bikinis. I was a member of our school swim team back in Japan, and we usually wore one pieces when we were racing. I kind of had this dream of swimming in the Olympics some day. Maybe a lot of us did.

"Uh, do you have any one piece swimsuits?" I asked. Both of them blinked. Ryosuke gestured for me to try on the g-string, but I just ignored him. Finally, the sales clerk pulled out a shiny ultramarine one piece.

"Well, how about this one?"

At first glance, it looked better. The straps were maybe an inch wide, and it had more material to it. Ryosuke looked at the price tag, and then nodded for me to take it.

"Our fitting rooms are back this way," the clerk told us, leading us there, and pulling open the curtain on one booth. I was kind of hoping for something away from the hustle bustle of the store, but this was all they had.

I went in, and shut the curtain as far as it would go. There was still a little crack open. I felt a bit nervous, but anyway, I put my bag down, and started to undress. I lifted up my hoodie, and then realized that I still had on my own swimsuit from my swim that morning. I peeked out through the crack, but I couldn't see anyone. I still felt nervous though.

I pulled down my skirt, and stepped out of it. Peeking outside again, I finally spotted the clerk further down the aisle talking with Ryosuke. Quickly, I pulled the straps of my suit off my shoulders. My breasts popped out. I could feel a breeze blowing in, tickling my skin, getting me all giddy. I'd better hurry.

I took a deep breath, stepped out of my shoes, and pulled my swimsuit down and off. I stood there naked straightening out my suit. I eventually tossed it aside, and got the new one. I felt a bit vulnerable with only this thin curtain separating me from the clerk and Ryosuke. I could still hear their voices just outside.

Looking at the new swimsuit closer, at first I couldn't figure out how it worked. There were no clasps or ties or anything. It really was just one piece. I bunched it up, and stepped into it. It was a lot tighter than my school swimsuit though, so it took a real effort to get it over my hips. I stuck a hand down the back between my butt cheeks, and pulled it up over my rear. From there, I gradually edged it up inch by inch over my breasts until I could slide the straps up over my shoulders. The material was so stretchy, but once I'd got it on, it clung to my body like a second skin. The back though was this skimpy little thong, so you could see my butt cheeks. It almost looked as if I wasn't wearing anything at all.

"Are you ready yet?" Ryosuke called in. He was right on the other side of the curtain. I slid my index finger into the crack of my bottom to try to dig the thong out, but it was hopeless. "Is it on?"

"Yes, but..."

He pulled back the curtain. I turned to face him trying to hide my behind.

"Wow! You look great."

I looked down. The leg openings were so high cut I was worried you could see my bush. I was getting butterflies just standing here.

"Here, let's see the back."

I shook my head. I felt so embarrassed.

"C'mon. Don't be silly." He took my arm, and got me to turn around. I covered my bottom with both hands, but he just barked "Emi!" getting me to show him my nearly bare behind.

I finally pulled my hands away. He peered down at my bottom, breaking out into a big smile. Over his shoulder, I could see the clerk coming over to get a look. I reached up to close the curtain.

"What are you doing? Come on out, and take a look at yourself in the mirror."

"The mirrors are over here," the clerk said pointing back towards the entrance to the store. I looked out fearfully at all the people passing by outside in the mall. I swear I felt so indecent.

Before I could talk him out of it, Ryosuke took my hand, and led me out towards the mirrors. The clerk followed me, peering down at my bare behind.

"Looks like a perfect fit to me, miss," he grinned. Once I got to the mirror, I looked down at the crotch. The legs were so high cut, and the way the material clung to my pubis you could see way too much. Ryosuke gave the thong a tug, deliberately trying to embarrass me.

"How strong is the material?" he asked making me turn so that the clerk could see.

"Oh, uh, this inner is made of lycra. That's what you feel against your skin, miss," he informed me. "And the shininess comes from latex I believe. It's quite strong... although you do have to be careful when putting it on."

"Or taking it off," Ryosuke mused playing with the shoulder straps now. It looked like he was about to strip me, so I grabbed his hand, and nodded towards the guys who'd gathered at the entrance. I don't know where they came from, but they were pretty clearly looking at me, checking me out.

"So what do you think?" Ryosuke asked cheerfully. I waited for him to let go of my straps, and then tried to cover my tush with my hands.

"I don't know. I think I would need something to wear over it."

"Oh, a cover-up, you mean. We have lots of those too." The clerk walked out toward the entrance, and pulled one off the rack. "How about something like this?" I couldn't see, so I followed him out. The guys out front, their eyes went wide as I walked up. I looked to Ryosuke, but he motioned for me to check out this cover-up. It was long and white, like a sundress except with a hood on it. The clerk took it off the hanger, and I pulled it on. The terry cloth material felt nice and soft on my skin. The tag said something about 'fleece.'

"Oh, maybe that one's a bit big. Here's a small," the clerk said, passing me another one.

I felt so self-conscious stripping off the cover-up with all these guys looking on. I was so embarrassed I turned away, but that just made them oo and ah even more. Some of the guys started coming right into the shop, so the clerk told me,

"Take your time. I'll be right here," and went over to help them.

"So what do you think?" Ryosuke asked.

"Oh I don't know," I sighed. I fingered the hem of the cover-up, trying to tell if it was long enough to cover up my buns. It wasn't.

"It is revealing," I whispered, peering up at him through my bangs. I was pretty excited by then, but trying not to let on.

"Yeah, but it looks great on you."

I blew a puff of air, trying to flip up my bangs. Some of the guys had come right in, eyeing me with desire. All nervous now, I pulled off the cover-up, and set it back down on the shelf.

"Here, let me get changed, and I'll think about it." I scooted off to the back of the store, but when I got to the change booth, Ryosuke came in behind me.

"What?"

He closed the curtain, and just stood there.

"Go ahead, and change."

I turned to face him. I was actually pretty worried by then. These guys were just outside, and they probably saw Ryosuke follow me in.

"Ummm...," I stammered not knowing what to say. Ryosuke reached over, and nodded for me to lower my arms, so he could pull the shoulder straps off. I felt so embarrassed, letting him strip me with all these horny guys outside.

"You're gorgeous. You know that?" he whispered, pulling me into him to give me a kiss. He was playing with my bottom with one hand, and yanking down my suit with the other.

"Careful you don't rip it," I cried. He slowed down, but he was so heated up. He carefully worked the suit down, until my breasts popped out. He scooped one up, and licked at it with the tip of his tongue. I was glad I'd got him so excited, but I was quite worried about these guys just outside. I tried to keep quiet, as he pulled my suit down inch by inch trying to get to my pussy. I grabbed his shoulders to steady myself. I peered nervously at the crack in the curtain, as he reached out and touched my pussy.

"Careful. You'll get the suit wet," I said, blushing when I realized what I had said.

"Too late. I guess we'll have to buy it now."

Embarrassed, I tried to stand up, but that just made it easier for him to pull my swimsuit right off.

"Kyaa!" I squealed.

"Shhh!"

We both stood stock still wondering if anyone had heard. One of the guys was definitely right there just outside the curtain.

"We can't do it here," I whispered, peering out trying to tell if the guy was watching. Ryosuke nodded, but instead of stopping, he undid his fly showing me the size of his erection.

I tried to resist, but there was no room to maneuver. I couldn't exactly flee out into the shop naked like this.

Ryosuke slid a finger between my legs, checking how wet I was.

"You are absolutely soaked."

It was true. I couldn't deny it. Running around in this skimpy suit with all those guys staring at me had got me excited.

"Here can you...?" he gestured towards his penis, signaling that he wanted me to... what? suck him off? I sat down on the chair in the corner, getting a little shock as my bare butt cheeks struck the cool wood.

I wasn't so used to his penis at that point. It was already fairly long, though not standing at attention yet. It was redder than the rest of his body. I carefully wrapped my fingers around it, running my fist up and down along its length. It got rock hard in no time at all. Ryosuke was writhing around in obvious pleasure, till he motioned for me to stop stroking probably because he was getting close to coming. I slowed down, and tried to be careful, pleasuring him just enough to keep it hard without setting him off.

Ryosuke puckered out his lips, trying to get me to use my mouth. I hadn't really done this so much at this point, but I did my best. I stuck out my tongue, wetting the tip of his penis with it. I had to pull a hair off my lips, but once I'd got it, I tried to slide my lips along the shaft of his penis, pumping up and down, imitating some video I'd seen somewhere. I could hear a rattling noise coming from outside the curtain, but I tried to ignore it, and carry on, all excited now.

Eventually, Ryosuke signaled he was ready, and got me to stand up, so he could enter me from behind. I leaned forward as far as I could. Ryosuke gasped out,

"Cheezus!" obviously super excited. I glanced back at him, shushing him to be quiet. We could hear male voices just outside the curtain, making me even more wrangy. I shivered as he pulled my hips into him, and dabbed at my gates of heaven with the tip of his cock. He smudged his penis around, teasing me with it, making me crazy. He got out a condom, and pulled it on.

Ryosuke finally guided me down onto his penis. It felt so good as it slid in, but I swear we could hear this guy just outside right next to us. I don't know how much he could see, but surely he must know what we are doing. We were both breathing heavily now. I tried to keep quiet, and stay away from the opening, but it was hard to with Ryosuke porking me from behind. He was going fairly slow, gripping my shoulder with one powerful hand, pulling me back into him. I closed one eye, straining not to moan in pleasure. Suddenly, I heard the clerk's voice.

"Is everything all right in there? Do you like that one, or should I bring you something else?"

I wanted to answer, but the feeling of Ryosuke's penis felt too good. Ryosuke grabbed me, and pulled me in closer till his full length was way up inside me. I was in such sweet torment that I couldn't answer at first.

"Miss?"

I tried to tilt my body forward, so Ryosuke could pull out, but he kept the tip in continuing to tease me with it.

"Uh no... I think... this one... will be OK." I made another try to pull away, but Ryosuke had his hands on my hips, and pulled me back onto him. I muffled a squeal of pleasure. Oh yes! That's right! Just like that!

"Oh, that's great. Just let me know when you are ready, and I'll ring it through."

We waited till it sounded like the clerk had gone, and then Ryosuke took a deep breath, and started humping me even harder. I kind of wanted to come, thought I could come, just from the situation, but it was so hard to concentrate with him humping away. I think Ryosuke was trying to tilt his penis up, stimulate my g-spot, but neither of us were so good at this yet. He maybe needed to use his hands more, but I couldn't explain with this guy right there listening to us.

Maybe Ryosuke sensed what I was thinking because he did swat me on the behind, but I was hoping more he would reach round, and touch me from the front. It did feel incredibly kinky doing it in this store. I closed my eyes, and tried to focus on that. Eventually, though, Ryosuke couldn't hold it any longer, so he came before I could. He kind of grunted, and it felt like the whole shop had gone silent. Whoever was outside must have heard him.

Even though I hadn't come yet, my head was still caught up in this haze of lust. I could feel Ryosuke slide out, but I just crouched here, leaning up against the wall, breathing heavily, hungering for more. Eventually, my head cleared enough that I was able to reach down to my bag for some wipes to clean up. Oh god, that was so intense. There was liquid all down the inside of my thighs. I really should stop doing these things.

I vaguely remember Ryosuke getting dressed, and signaling he was going to go buy this swimsuit and cover-up. I sat down on the chair, naked, still too far gone to move. Eventually, Ryosuke came back, and laughed as he came in, and saw me sitting here all zonked out.

"You're so funny," he smiled, giving me a kiss.

"Are those guys gone?" I asked, trying to focus. Ryosuke peeked out the curtain, and then slowly opened it, letting me see.

"Hey, cut that out!" I protested, scandalized, covering my breasts with my hands. He grinned, but then reassured me.

"Relax. I think they are gone now." He went outside to check, but I was still pretty wired, not used to being naked out here in view of the whole store.

"Do you want me to try to get you off?" he whispered. I guess he realized I hadn't come yet.

"Um, yeah... but not here!" I balked.

"Cheezus, Emi. You look so damn sexy like that," he cooed, kneeling down to touch my face. I wondered if he was ready for round two, but there were definitely people out in the store.

"We should clear out before someone sees me," I blushed.

"Here, let me take your picture," Ryosuke suggested. He got out his camera, and motioned for me to stand up. I did stand up, glancing around, vaguely aware that I probably should pull on some clothes.

"Wow!" Ryosuke beamed. I peered out down the aisle, trying to tell where those guys had got to. Ryosuke motioned for me to come out of the fitting booth, but I wasn't so sure. I was starting to come down from my high, my common sense returning.

"Here. Just one quick pic by the mirrors out here," he insisted. He's always like this, trying to get me to do these crazy things. I licked my lips, checked to make sure no one was coming, and then scooted out to the mirrors. I could see people going by out in the mall, but I don't think they noticed me at first.

"Wow. Gorgeous!" Ryosuke grinned, snapping off a few quick shots. It was kind of fun tempting fate, but I knew we'd probably used up all our luck, so I dashed back to the booth, and closed the curtain, before anyone else came.

"You are such a mischievous little sprite! I love it," he said through the curtain.

"Yeah, well..." I hedged. "Did the sales clerk say anything?"

"I guess we got a little carried away."

I finally got dressed in my hoodie and skirt. When we walked out of the store, the clerk gave us such a look. We found a washroom, and I got cleaned up, and dressed. Whenever I see that swimsuit though, it reminds me of that day.

Emi Tsuruta

