Olivia Goes Nude
by writingwednesday

Olivia accidentally exposes herself - and likes it.

She was late. Olivia knew this. She even got up earlier than normal because she knew she'd run late. Her entire wardrobe was littered along the floor of her room. It started a few weeks back. A complete accident. 

"I'll be right back, Tess." She stands up finishing her drink before making her way towards the toilets. It's a busy Saturday night which means the line for the women's toilet is absolutely ridiculous. A quick glance at the men's, she catches a man walking out.

"Is there anyone else in there?" He looks at her, then the line behind her, chuckling, shakes his head before replying. "It's all yours." 

Without a second thought she quickly walked over before anyone else. As the door closes she leans up against it savoring the silence before fumbling with the door knob feeling for the lock. But there isn't one. 

'Fuck it.' Suddenly very appreciative of her foresight in fashion, she walks over to the urinal and stops just in front of it. With her left leg slightly behind her she lifts the bottom of her black dress up and over her hips bringing her right leg forward and behind the urinal. Adjusting her stance a bit she leans towards the urinal and let's go. And fuck does it feel good. She can't help the flash of heat it ignites within her. From her toes to her perky little nipples her skin erupts into gooseflesh. She looks down at herself. Her Doc Martens keep her perfectly balanced as she exposes her backside opposite of the toilet door. It shouldn't feel this good. But it does. Her heart is beating so fast she wouldn't be surprised if it just stopped. 

And with that thought the door opens. Panic. She stops. What does etiquette call for in a situation like this? 

"Don't stop on my account." He walks over to the urinal next to her without another word. The sound of his shoes on the tile floor elicit a delicious tinge of embarrassment across the cheeks of her face. She doesn't dare turn to look at him but she doesn't hide her face. Out of the corner of her eye she watches him, his hands reaching for his belt and tugging it open. He continues to ignore her. But when he pops the first button on his jeans his elbow almost grazes hers. It's now Olivia realizes the only thing to be heard in the restroom is her breathing. With the pop of each button it becomes more shallow. As he pulls himself out there is no stopping Olivia's reaction. The gasp is out before she has time to reel it back in. But it seems he can't ignore her, at least completely. He shifts slightly, opening himself up to her. Her eyes are locked on his right hand as he strokes himself twice before he lets go. 

'Fuck me.' Olivia thinks.

The sound of him relieving himself triggers her bladder and she releases the hold she had over it. 'This can't be fucking happening right now.' 

It was over just as fast as it started and that feeling hadn't left Olivia. It had haunted her. The exposure. She yearned for it. It was three days before she started leaving the house without a bra. A quick trip to the market, gas station, or grabbing lunch on her day off. It didn't matter where she was going, she'd find a way to accidentally expose herself. It was never directly focused on one person. But she'd bend or reach over her head for something and if someone saw she was more than happy about it. 

The first couple times there was an enormous amount of guilt and disgust after the high faded away. It had almost stopped her. 

She leans over the bed grabbing a black long sleeve dress and throws it on over her head. Looking into the mirror she adjusts her bare breasts before turning around to check out the length of the dress as she bends over. It's not too short. The only way anyone would see anything is if she bent over directly in front of anyone sitting on the couch. No one would be able to tell she wasn't wearing underwear unless they made it a point to truly check.

Happy with her outfit she grabs her phone to order a lyft to Tess' new place. It was part housewarming party and Sunday football get together. Olivia wasn't really into football but Tess and her partner, Mia, just moved into their dream house and she still hadn't made it over yet. Before she could chicken out she grabbed the housewarming gift and a bottle of champagne along with her purse and sunglasses and locked up. 

The lyft was exciting. She sat in the middle of the back seat with her belongings next to her. Her driver was an open book. Recently separated, his wife had cheated but he was holding onto hope that she'd come back. She normally didn't talk with her drivers but the ride was longer than her normal commute. His story was a sad one and she felt for him. The more he talked she started to get comfortable, comfortable enough to spread her legs a bit. With her hands on her thighs she continued to listen to him and she rubbed her hands up and down her bare legs while she looked out the window at the passing cars.

"Oh, are you cold? I'll put the heater on!" He jumped right back into his story as the warm air filtered out blowing right in between her legs. 

'Fuck.' She whispered as she let her legs fall open a little bit more. Lost in thought it wasn't until he was pulling up to the curb that Olivia could smell her arousal being pumped through the car's heater. She fumbled, grabbing her things a little light headed from her embarrassment  and managed to give a wave while she slammed the car door and walked towards the gate of Tess' new luxury town home complex, purse sliding off her shoulder juggling the bottle of champagne and housewarming gift when she dropped her phone. 

"Jesus, fuck." The words leave her mouth before she could register the man coming up behind her, "I've got you, Ms.?" She turns towards him struggling with her purse and she decides to leave it in the crook of her elbow.

"Olivia, just Olivia." She hasn't looked up yet, her eyes still on her phone face down on the concrete. He drops down to his knees picking up her phone and that's when he looks up. In her rush to get out of the car Olivia hadn't had the time to adjust her dress and now this gorgeous stranger in all of his glory was down on his knees looking up at her, and possibly, most likely getting a good look up her dress as well.

"Well, Just Olivia-"

"Olivia."

"Olivia- looks like your phone is perfectly unscathed. You're lucky." He rises, stepping closer to her a frown present on his face before he pockets her phone and reaches out adjusting her purse properly on her shoulder.

"Alex." He gives his name freely before taking the bottle of champagne and the housewarming gift into one arm and handing her phone over with the other.

"Alex. Right, Thank you." She drops her eyes back to her phone reading the invite over again as she tries to bring herself down from her headiness. The longer she is in his presence the more confident she feels. Her body feels alive. Her skin prickling with possibility.

"Where we off to?" Alex breaks the silence but she can't find it in herself to feel any embarrassment.

"We? I'm going-" before she can finish he placed his hand on her lower back directing her towards the stairs. "Is there no lift? I'm supposed to be on the second floor.." Alex stops right before the stairs gesturing on up.

"Shut down for maintenance. Up we go, Liv." Frozen in place she worries her bottom lip between her teeth. Her want, that need for humiliation burns on her cheeks. The hand on her lower back travels up and down in a calming and encouraging way, the excitement still very present has tears brimming her doe eyes. He digs his fingers into her side giving her a quick pinch.

"Such a lovely shade you're wearing today. Now, up we go." Breathing isn't even a priority. Her body shutting down all non-essential functions. One foot in front of the other. She gets to the top of the stairs light headed and palms clammy. She reaches for the hand railing and slips back right into Alex's chest.

"Oh, Liv. We've got to stop meeting like this." His hand now on the small of her belly pushing her further into him before dropping down in between her legs, his fingers playfully tickle the damp skin there before gathering as much of her wetness he can.

'We've got to stop meeting like this.'

"Tell me, Liv. Tell me this is all for me."

'We've got to stop meeting like this.'

Her head is swimming with want, the warmth, his warmth is eating away at every single worry until there's nothing left. His fingers paint her lips with her wetness and that's when the tears fall.

He was there. That night in the bathroom. He was there. The smell of him is overwhelming now. The shame, the embarrassment. She buries that hunger so deep inside her. Willing it to stay there, hidden beneath with the rest of her messy secrets.

"There you are. It's nice to meet you -"

"Olivia! There you are, Alex? You know each other?" Tess calls out, her confusion blinding her to the absolute drunk look on her friends face.

"Alex?" Mia comes barreling out the door grabbing Olivia's things from him before fixing them with her own look of confusion.

"I didn't know you knew my brother!"
