The Thrills of Voyeurism 
By Heather ©
 
 
Working in a clothing boutique makes for an environment of open nudity at times. I'm still surprised to see that it's the 10 to 20 year olds that are the least inhibited. I guess it probably has something to do with their coming of age. Personally, I'm still pretty frigid when it comes to allowing anyone to see me even partially nude. But that's me!
Between Jenny my co-worker and myself, I bet we've seen every size and shape of breast imaginable. I've always thought of myself as rather sick because whenever I catch a glimpse of a young girls buds I get so horny. It's just that I think a girl just starting to grow her tits is going through the biggest change in life she'll ever face. That means dealing with some very complex issues; like how does she display this new attribute, how to manage the boys (and men) that start fawning over them, and how to make these new very visible appendages to look proper. The latter usually implies how to look attractive and sexy.
I think Jenny caught on to my glances at the younger girls because she would usually stand back and let me help them whenever we worked the same shift. She came right out and told me that she liked checking out the bigger boobs and so I allowed her to help the "bigger" girls. 
Just about a week ago I got so flustered when Jenny and I were helping this woman and her daughter find her a hot top for her upcoming eleventh birthday party. When I handed the girl a really cute crop top, her mother had her try it on right there in front of us and the world. Jenny and I flashed awkward little glances at each other over the girls boldness, especially since she had already started to grow. Her tits were nothing more than pointed little cones that sat out about and inch or two, but certainly enough to be using a changing booth. I really tried not to stare, but they were so cute and taut that I risked being called a pervert just to check them out a good one. 
The top looked so hot on her tiny body and her mother commented on how she should probably start wearing a bra. Jenny and I both chimed in that she really didn't need to fret over that device just yet. I think we both saw her reaction to her mother's suggestion and tried to help her stay as free as possible for just a little longer. The girl seemed very pleased at our help. After the two left, Jenny gave me such a bad ribbing over ogling the girls' chest. And perhaps quite rightly referred to me as a perv.
That whole scenario started a long discussion on what we liked to see and voyeurism. The discussion brought us to an understanding that despite the fact that we weren't gay, we both liked checking out other girls whenever the chance arose. We naturally fell into agreement that we would help each other in that endeavor to see hot bods whenever the time came about. And as the day wore on, Jenny's dark side started coming out in spades.
At first she just talked about how wild it had been when she had seen me with a guys' cock in my mouth. That had been Dave about three weeks earlier. It had been my first blowjob ever and I had been so embarrassed when I saw her watching. I had to admit to her that seeing her watching me doing something so nasty had inspired me to continue on in style for Dave's benefit. Then she offered to let me watch her in the backroom sometime with one of her many boyfriends. I started out saying that I would be too embarrassed to watch, but the more she described how hot it got her to be watched fucking and sucking, the more lenient I became in my thinking. By closing time we had even come up with a set of signals and rules to watch each other if the situation ever arose. Since I had just given my first head just a few weeks ago, I really didn't think that she would be getting to watch me at all.
It was just two days later when our new signals had their first test. Being a girls boutique, the only boys that ever came in already knew us or came in by mistake. So that meant we were left to fantasize most of the time. But wouldn't you know that the first thing to come up would be with another girl. A mom brought her daughter in for a new bathing suit because her chest had started to develop. Jenny handed her off to me at first, but when the mom said she hadn't even been fitted for a first bra yet, I passed her back to Jenny. I wasn't very good when it came to being hands on. Jenny signaled me that I should stick close and just watch. Then she said right out loud to all of us that I had to learn to help girls in this situation sometime.
So we suggested several possible suits and all sauntered towards the fitting booths. Jenny told the girl to lose her top and fumbled with the top of the swim suit. As soon as the girl was topless, Jenny went around to her backside and started to place the top on her. Her mom said that the top was obviously too big for her chest, but Jenny told her to hang on just a minute as she adjusted the straps. The site of her starter boobs had made me tingle a little in itself, but when Jenny cupped her tiny tits in her hands and jiggled them into perfect position, I nearly died. I knew that she was exaggerating her efforts for my benefit, but the girl showed no signs of worry over getting physically manipulated. Her mom seemed fixed on the suit itself and was without a clue as to what was really going on. 
When Jenny was done, she told the girl to check herself out in the mirror. The girl liked the fit, but not the suit. Mom insisted it was still way too big, but Jenny reminded her that at best her daughters first fitting would only last her about two months because she was in her growth spurt. The girl smiled widely at realizing that in only a few short months she would be looking just as her more mature friends. Jenny repeated her efforts a second time, but we all agreed very quickly that this suit made her look frumpy. And all through the adjustments, Jenny was telling me just what I was supposed to be doing to properly fit a "new" girl to bikini tops.
When it came to the third try, both Jenny and the mom told me I should try the next fitting. I hesitated, but since the girl didn't protest being used as a guinea pig, I gave it a try. I tossed the front of the suit over her head and tied it off in a neat bow. The mom started laughing and pointed out that I had missed something. When I looked around to the girls front I saw that I hadn't even covered her tits at all before tying it up. I felt so dumb and started to untie it, but Jenny told me to just pull the cups in place and to jostle her mounds into the proper position. As I grabbed for the cups while still behind her, I nearly freaked when I brushed her nipples. Her mom gave a curious look at her daughter when they grew erect in a heartbeat. And then I did the wildest thing in my life. I grabbed another girls tits, albeit very small ones, and manipulated them into the cups perfectly so that the girl knew what to do herself. 
The girl instantly looked in the mirror and did a turn to her profile. It was plain to see that she liked the looks of this one. Since she voiced her approval of the top, her mom handed her the bottoms and told her to try them on as well. I was trapped in the booth behind her as she swooshed her shorts and knickers off, and reached for the bottoms. For some reason she  turned to face me as she bent to pull on the new suit. She had just fine wisps of pubic hair so far, but looked very cute down there. I instantly made a mental note of what I was looking at. I knew that later that night in bed that I would be wanting to use her in a sick masturbatory fantasy.
Jenny didn't hesitate to tell her that she would have to still pull the back of her suit out of her crack like all suits, but tucked the front edges of the suit into the creases between her legs and vulva. She informed all of us that leaving the suit too wide in the front was unattractive, especially to boys. And then I couldn't believe what Jenny did next. She tugged on a few curls of pubic hair that were sticking out and told the girl that her next step was a bikini cut to hide her main attraction. Her mom laughed and told us that she had already prepared her to do that.
After we rung them up and they were on their way, Jenny started razzing me immediately. She was unmerciful at teasing me about checking her out and feeling up her titties. But it was all good natured and underneath all the teasing, we both knew what the other was thinking. 
About a half hour before closing, a boyfriend of Jenny's came in to see her. I let them go off by themselves to the far end of the store to flirt with each other while I re-hung dropped tops. After a few minutes, Jenny came over to me and told me that they were going to use the back room for a while and gave me a big wink. I knew she was giving me a heads-up that I had a chance to voyeur the two of them. At first I was reluctant, but after giving them a couple of minutes to get started, I walked to the back room to dump some empty boxes. The guy was leaning against a counter top with Jenny facing outward from him as he felt up her tits. She saw me and smiled like crazy as he exposed her tits for me to see him groping her. I don't know what I said, but she winked at me and told me I could watch. I figured the guy was going to get mad at her over the invitation, but instead he he reiterated his own invite. 
I called the two of them perverts and went back up front. A couple of girls rushed through the store and I was trying to deal with seeing my co-workers boobs getting mashed against her chest. I was instantly wet and knew I wanted to see more. There was only ten minutes to closing, so I dropped the gate and faked having to tell Jenny I closed early. When I went to tell her, she was topless, and had turned around and gotten on her knees in front of her friends crotch. She was just starting to unsnap his pants and I apologized for walking in on them again. This time they insisted I stay and knowing what was about to happen, I stammered a 'no', but didn't really make a move for the door. Jenny took lustful glances between her guy and me as she dropped his pants enough to free his prick. The guy immediately pushed his fingers through her hair to pull her right to his hardon.
I was frozen in place as I watched her go down on him very deeply in one long, slow dive. When she came back up, she smacked her lips and told the guy how good he tasted to her. Then she turned to me and ordered that I get my ass closer to them for the free show. The guy was in obvious agreement with her, so I walked a little closer as I watched my friend go to town bobbing her head up and down on her meal. She was enjoying the hell out of the guy's cock and the look she kept flashing me told me that she really liked getting watched as well. I noticed that the main difference in how she was fellating this guy and what I had done for Dave weeks earlier, was that she was going faster and with a great deal of lust for his organ. She really liked cock, for sure.
Her benefactor had his eyes closed and was guiding her head in his hands. A couple of times he humped up into her mouth and made her choke a little. But she didn't miss a beat and even seemed to like the over-exuberance of her guy. When he finally opened his eyes, he stared into mine as he said how much he loved having such a ravenous face to fuck. The fucker even invited me to take a taste of him, even as Jenny was right there already blowing him. I thought that he couldn't have been any ruder to a girl giving him head, but she turned and seconded his motion. I nervously told her that she was doing just fine on her own.
But since the both of them seemed so damn comfortable having sex right in front of me, I slipped a little closer to get a better look. I proclaimed that maybe she could teach me a thing or two about giving head. Jenny put on a huge smile, slurped off his cock and informed me that I had better never forget to give the guy's sack a bit of attention. She started licking and sucking on the guy's nuts until I saw them disappear into her mouth, one at a time. The kid went nuts moaning his approval of her tongue movements and re-invited me to handle his cock while she did his balls. I almost leapt at the offer because of how fucking hard he was, but I really felt too out of place to do that. 
I was getting so fucking horny and wet watching the two of them getting it on, but the education was beyond anything I ever dreamed of in my fantasies. And then it was happening; he was getting that special look on his face and was slowing down. I saw him grab her head and pull her down onto his cock as far as he could. Despite her making gagging sounds, she didn't seem to be trying to get away from the immanent onslaught of cum heading her way. I couldn't believe she would let him cum that deeply in her mouth and wondered how she was ever going to spit it out. Then I heard his grunting and groaning of appreciation. She had gotten him to cum for her and was making her own moans of appreciation. I wasn't sure exactly why she was so happy; after all, she was getting her mouth filled with his disgusting cum at the moment. But what I noticed next blew me away. I knew that some girls from school had joked about swallowing a guy's cum before, but I could see her throat moving in such a way that I knew she was swallowing this guy's cum right in front of me. I never really thought that girls did that. I just thought they were trying to brag about their conquests.
When he was through with her, he took his hands away, but she continued tonguing away at him. The bitch was actually enjoying the disgusting taste of his stuff. I told her she was disgusting and went back to the front of the store. It was only a minute before they followed me and she let him out. The first words out of my mouth was, "How could you do that?" 
Jenny asked me if I meant the swallowing part and I told her yes. She laughed and told me that it wouldn't be long before I gave it a try. She added that she'd been swallowing since she was thirteen and had grown to love the taste. I shook my head and saw her giving me an evil eye. She took my hand and told me to follow her, and led me into the back room just out of sight. 
"It really doesn't taste bad at all. Here, try it a little."
With that she pushed me back against the wall and planted her lips against mine. I freaked out, but couldn't seem to muster a reason to stop this hottie from kissing on me. But that wasn't her intent; she pushed her tongue into my mouth and started rubbing it all around. She was trying to give me a taste of her friend's cum, and when I finally caught on, I took the opportunity to kiss her back just as passionately. After a minute of frenching each other, she pulled away and smiled a huge smile at me. 
"I'm not a lesbian you know. I just thought you ought to have a real taste of cum."
Suddenly realizing that she might think I was going gay on her, I replied that I understood her intent. I even told her that it didn't seem to taste anything like the guy I had sucked off my first time. She winked at me and said, "Well, there was a lot of me in that kiss."
Over the next week, Jenny and I talked about every little thing that happened the night she gave her friend head in front of me. The voyeurism was the hot topic and led us to every possible scenario we might be able to engage in at work. She was getting me so excited at the prospect of her watching me making out with a guy now that I found myself constantly thinking about it. She was also taking every slow spot during our shifts together to expose herself to me. It started with her trying on some of the new tops in front of me, then progressed to her flagrantly flashing herself to me. I couldn't let her outdo me, so I started doing it back to her, but just a little. 
Just before closing one night a man came into the shop and was looking for a "cute" top for his fourteen year old daughter for her birthday. Like most guys, he had no idea what size she was, so normally we suggest a gift certificate. But the evil look in Jenny's eyes said she wanted to play some. She tried to pin the man down on her size and started asking about her bust size. He just wanted to slink away, that is until she asked, "Are her tits more my size, or smaller like Danni's here?"
The man realized that she was playing with him and decided to hang around a little. After he pointed out a girl in the hallway that was her general size, Jenny brought him back to her bust size. She lifted her halter top to expose her tits and asked, "Are they about this size?" He felt really out of place, but obviously couldn't look away from her exposure. Finally he stated that she was much smaller. Then Jenny came up behind me, ran her hands under my peasant top and pushed her way to my bra. The man's gaze was so fixed that I let her keep going until she had pushed my bra over my boobs and exposed me to his stare. When he finally gathered his voice, he said she was much closer to my size, and shape. He was so flustered after us exposing ourselves to him that Jenny talked him into buying three different tops to be sure his daughter would get at least one that she would like.
Jenny and I were getting very close to each other. I even started fantasizing about having a three-way with her and one of her boyfriends. I never seemed to get past playing with her titties or deep passionate kissing before I would light up my cunt with a massive orgasm. I even started admitting to myself that I could go bi a lot more easily than I had ever thought about before. It wasn't going to be long before I got my wish.
It was a Friday night and it seemed like a six-pack of boys had stopped by to ask Jenny out. I was getting so jealous of the number of boys that wanted to get into her pants. When I asked her about it she told me that that was what a good girl got that was known for swallowing. I twisted up my nose at her and went back to work.
When I came out of the back room with a box of shorts to hang up, Jenny was nearly making out with two boys that had stopped by to ask her to a  movie. When she saw me standing there she told the guys, "Here's my little sister, I bet she would love to try the two of you out while I close up."
I freaked out at her offering me up to be their playmate, but they took to the idea so quickly that the smile Jenny had on her face told me to hang on and go along for the ride. I had been salivating for the taste of another cock for weeks now, so when she pushed us together I decided it would be the perfect time to try giving my second blowjob. I let them flirt with me and tried to act unyielding, but they soon had me hornier than a goat. Jenny told them to take me into the back while she locked the front gate. I figured that we would be sharing the two of them and started to decide which one I wanted to be with the most.
When I picked the guy I liked the looks of best, I sidled up to him to let him know of my interest in being his sex toy. But to my surprise, they decided to both start making out with me at the same time. I felt like I was betraying my friend and tried to push them away, but they were quite adamant that I was going to be their quick feel. By the time Jenny came back to join us, I had allowed one of them to take off my blouse and was getting my girls squeezed and mashed into my chest. Her look said it was alright for me to captivate them, so I did. The next thing I knew, I had each one of them on a nipple, nursing away like twin babies. I must have been glowing from the attention. Jenny was fixed on the mouths milking my tits, and I had my stare fixed on her heaving chest. I wanted to feel her chest so bad that I demanded that she help me out and allow one of them to suck on her tits. She smiled wildly and was all too happy to help me out. 
Jenny finally introduced the guy that stayed attached to my tit as Billy, and the guy groping her now was Brad. She was in a very talkative mood and kept us all aroused with her lewd ranting. It was when she suggested blowjobs for the boys that we finally started talking ourselves. I even found myself saying, "I could get into that."
She told them that I was new to that particular subject and that I wanted to log in some practice time. I was suddenly getting the pity of both boys along with offers to suck them both off. Before I even knew it was happening, Billy was pushing down on my shoulders and telling me how much he had been wanting to get head recently. I couldn't say a thing, but stared at him as I allowed his hands to push me down into the proper position. It was such an awkward feeling sitting there on my knees while I waited for him to tug open his pants. It was almost like he was unwrapping a present for me as I imagined just how I was going to approach sucking him off. I knew Jenny was going to be watching every move I made and be putting in her two cents throughout, and that's when I got really turned on. Knowing that my girlfriend was watching me suck cock was such a nasty turn on that I knew I would be going all out to try to impress her.
I bent forward to take his cock into my mouth and remembered how Jenny had done it in front of me last week. I tried to mimic her actions and took as much of him as I could, real slow. I even took time to tell the boy how delightful he tasted to me. When I went back to work on him I realized that Jenny may have known just how valuable a quick compliment meant to a guy. Billy was suddenly much harder than he had been and seemed much more confident that I really wanted to be doing this for him. When he twisted his fingers into my hair I knew that this was a part of giving head that I really liked. Knowing his hands were controlling my head movements felt so surreal and gave me the feeling that I was under his control. The feeling of being captivated was quickly becoming a very big part of blowjobs for me.
The next time I saw Jenny, she and Brad were groping at each other as they watched me giving Billy a very aggressive BJ. Knowing I was being so closely watched was getting me wet as hell and I was almost ready to let both guys fuck the hell out of me. It was either the heat building in me or the reactions I was getting from Billy that told me he was getting ready to cum. Jenny must have noticed as well because she pulled away from Brad and kneeled next to me to whisper in my ear. She asked me if I was going to try swallowing his cum. The fear in my eyes told her I wasn't ready for that yet, but she tried coaxing me into giving it a try. When she had me to the point of almost being talked into it, she asked me if she could tell him to force me to do it for him. At this point I was holding my mouth still for him as he rammed himself into me. From the corner of my eyes I saw she really wanted to see me try, so I nodded my head ever so slightly. 
Jenny stood up, whispered into Billy's ear something and went back to Brad to watch the outcome. It was obvious that she had told him it was okay to go for it, because he was holding my head very tightly now, and was working his prick into my mouth in very deliberate motions. He started muttering to me how I was really going to like it and how most girls did. I normally would have taken a bitchy, feminist stance at that, but I was too busy concentrating on keeping my lips tight and waiting for any sign of my impending task. Having the green light from Jenny to help me take my first load really had him acting very derogatory and aggressive. Even though I had thought that I could stop his spewing down my throat at the last second if I wanted to, I was quickly becoming aware of the fact that in his present state that he really did have total control of my head and mouth. 
I was starting to wonder if the width of his cock was going to be a problem just as he stabbed himself to the back of my throat. He jerked himself into me like that several times and it wasn't until about the third or fourth stab at me that I realized he was cumming. He had placed his cock so deep into my mouth that I hadn't even noticed he had started to cum in me. I was trying to feel for his cum, but he seemed to have been quite successful at making most of it go right down my throat. I was gasping for air and fearful at the same time over allowing this boy to make me swallow something so nasty, but he wasn't finished emptying his balls on me yet and continued forcing his prick into me as he wanted. 
Jenny was saying something to me about becoming a woman for taking my first load of cum. Brad said I looked like a pro. I was getting impatient waiting for Billy to be finished using my mouth. It was getting hard to breathe and I needed a break, so I started pushing on Billy's thighs to get him to back off. When he pulled his cock out of my mouth, I could finally feel the remnants of the fluid that he had dumped into me. He was so exhausted at his efforts and had such a satisfied look on his face, that all I could do is look up and smile at him. 
I struggled to get to my feet and Jenny who was now down to her knickers, patted my shoulder and gave me words of encouragement. I was still topless and became aware of my own tits bouncing around in the open air. But just as I started to try hiding myself a little, I felt Jenny pulling my arm towards Brad. I asked her what she thought she was doing and became horrified at her answer. She expected me to now blow the other boy as well. I had to admit that I did feel a little proud at getting down the first load of cum, but doing two guys back-to-back was more than a little whorish. Even as Jenny and I were raising our eyebrows and voices at each other, Brad started dropping his pants. She was putting me in a position that made me feel like a little kid trying to fit in. I kept going back and forth between auguring with her and checking out Brad's cock. His was bigger than Billy, and it seemed somewhat flatter and wider than his as well. 
The next thing I knew I had decided to give in to the three of them as they all worked to encourage me to do Brad. I got a little "cocky" myself and slithered over towards him. Even though it was his cock that was now on my mind, I couldn't seem to stop staring into his eyes. He wanted to feel my lips on him so bad that I could feel the power I was obtaining from being the very girl that had agreed to do it for him. But as much as I now wanted to suck off a second guy, I wanted him to show me just how much he wanted me to do this nasty little deed for him. So I grabbed his hardon and jerked it very slowly as I stared into his eyes. He finally tried to push me down by my shoulders and I balked at his attempt. The look I was giving him had to be letting him know I wanted him to take control of me. Somehow it seemed like it would be easier if he became the aggressor. 
Jenny got tired of waiting and told him to "put his bitch to work". I still kept my eyes fixed on his and he was catching on that I was waiting for his physical instructions. I felt like such a tease, but such a vixen at the same time. He placed both his hands on my shoulders and starting pushing. I made him really work to get me back to my knees, all the time keeping my eyes fixed on his, my wryly smile always beaming. He pushed one hand through my hair until my head tilted back which opened my mouth for him. His other hand guided his erection between my parted lips. And when he started pulling my head forward while pushing into me, I had the wildest feeling of my life. I was discovering my darker side of desiring to be taken, ravaged, and used for my sexual abilities. And luckily, Brad seemed the perfect guy to experience this with, along with Jenny urging him on.
My girlfriend was really getting into this as much as I was and I guess she understood what I was feeling. I assumed that sometime she had probably gone through this faze herself and could feel my need to be "handled". Her taunts of referring to me as a bitch, whore, and even as "a little cocksucker", only served to heighten my experience. Brad was starting to fuck away at my mouth more like he had his weener in my cunt. He was making me gag and choke, and froth was forming at the corners of my mouth. I became aware that I was letting my arms hang straight down to my sides as if they had no desire to object to his rough treatment of me.
I had come to the point of being so fucking horny that I wanted him to all but rape my mouth, so I started to taunt him to let him know I wanted to make him work even harder to get the use of my mouth. I jerked my head back and off his cock. At first he just stared at me and everyone got quiet. But my stare said it all to him. He grabbed my hair again, pushed my head back until my mouth opened, and shoved his cock back into me. This time he held my head in both his hands and fucked me like a piston. Jenny caught on that I was teasing him and started telling him to work me over harder. I couldn't believe that I had come so far on just my third blowjob ever.
The one thing I discovered for sure was that teasing made a guy cum a whole lot faster. It was less than a minute later that he was stiffening up to fill my mouth. But when Jenny saw he was holding his cock just barely inside my mouth, she demanded that he make me swallow his cum as Billy had. He instantly pushed deep into my mouth until my airway was blocked and started relieving himself. This time I felt the warmth of his cum shooting into my throat and tried to twist away from his grip. I was torn between wanting him to do exactly as he was doing, and ending this nasty event. But as I listened to his lustful moans as he emptied his balls in me, all I felt was pride at being able to make a guy so happy. The appreciation he had for my servicing him was so obvious that I had to feel great at letting him do this dirty little thing with me. 
I was just slurping my way off his cock when we heard the gate going up out front. The owner must have come by to check on the store and Jenny and I hurried to put our clothes back on. I kept wiping my mouth to make sure I didn't have any cum on it, and Jenny was telling us all a story to stick to as to why two boys were in the back room with us. She hurriedly gave a flashlight to Brad, and a metal bar from a display rack to Billy. As the owner came around the corner he demanded to know what was going on. Jenny, being an excellent liar said that we had the shit scared out of us by a rat and she called the boys to the store to kill it. The girl was a whiz! The owner fell for it and instantly said he would set some traps before he left. He even thanked the boys for coming into the store to help us "poor girls". I grabbed for Brad's hand, squeezed it and also thanked him. Licking my teeth as I did it meant a lot more to him though.
We all had places to go and walked to the parking lot together. I felt oddly pleased with myself as I thanked both of the boys for dinner. Jenny couldn't stop smiling as she saw me melting into a whole new world. Billy stepped in and asked if he and Brad could take me out to eat again sometime. I told them only if they had enough to feed Jenny as well.
 

