Emily

Some years back, Emily and I had a chance encounter with another man that I’ll never forget. 

Emily was model beautiful. She stood 5’10”, 118lbs, 18” waist, long blond hair, green eyes and C cup breasts. She was also very shy and reserved and rarely did anything risqué, even in private.

When we first learned she was pregnant, we (actually me) decided to document the pregnancy with a series of photos taken at different times. Even as slender as she was, she really didn’t start to show until she was about three and half months along. 

Just before she was starting to show, I had taken a series of photos (back then it was 35mm film and I was using slide film) of her with and without clothes. It was a Saturday and I had picked up the developed slides that morning and we were waiting till it got dark in the evening to load them into the projector and look at them on the wall.

Late that afternoon, Jim, a school buddy of mine dropped by unexpectedly. We sat and talked for a couples hours and had a beer. As he was getting ready to leave, he asked what we were doing that evening and I told him waiting for it to get dark to look at some slides of Emily pregnant. I saw her blush as she knew that some were of her nude.

Before I knew it, Jim said he would love to see them also and asked if he could. I looked at Emily and told her it was up to her. I could tell she was nervous and not sure what to do. She didn’t want to disappoint me or Jim but I also knew that she was uncomfortable with the idea of anyone but me seeing her body. She looked back at me and said it was up to me. I bounced it right back to her and told her that she knew what the photos were of and that it was okay with me, but if she didn’t, we would understand. 

With a look of utter embarrassment, she said it was okay with her if it was okay with me. So we went back in the house and I loaded the slides into the tray and handed Jim another beer and we waited until it got dark outside. 

I sat at the dining room table with the slide projector and Emily and Jim sat next to each on the sofa with Emily closer to the far wall where the show was about to be seen. I asked her one last time if she was ready for this and she barely whispered ‘yes’. I turned off the lights and fired up the projector. The first dozen slides were of Emily in clothes posing in various positions. Then all of a sudden, on the far wall, appeared my beautiful wife completely nude. I found myself watching Emily and Jim nearly as much as I watched the images on the far wall. 

After a long pause on that first photo, I moved to the next, which showed her closer and from the waist up. Since we had read that breasts change shape and the nipples and aureole change color, I had taken a couple of close up shots of just her breasts and that is what appeared next. In just the light of the projector I could tell that Emily was still nervous and embarrassed. Jim kept looking at the images on the wall and then would sneak a glance at Emily and then look back again. After we worked our way through the nude photos of my wife, I reversed the projector so we could go through them one more time. 

We had never done anything like this before and watching another man look at those photos of my Emily turned me on more than I thought it would. I had always wondered what it would be like to show her off to someone else but knowing how shy and reserved she was, I never thought it would happen. 

I shut the projector down and turned the lights back on. Emily’s face was beet red and I could tell that she was afraid to look directly at Jim. Figuring everything was over and that Jim would leave, I got up and made a comment about the slides and how he’ll probably dream about her tonight and started to walk to the door. That’s when Jim asked when we were planning on taking he next set of photos of her as I had told him we were going to start doing it on a weekly basis.

I told him probably tomorrow was the next set. He asked if I had a flash on my camera and when I said yes, he floored us by asking if he could take the set of photos right now. I could instantly tell that she was taken aback by his request. After a few moments, she floored me when she said that since he had seen her photos, that he had seen her, so why not. I just about busted my zipper. Then she added a condition that if he took photos of her nude that she would get to take photos of him nude. He agreed immediately.

I went and got the camera and flash and we moved into the living room. Emily said she got the camera first and ordered me to strip, which I did. She took about 6 or so photos of me in various poses and then turned to Jim and told him it was his turn. It didn’t take him long get out of his t-shirt and shorts. Not sure what to do, he followed my example and did the same poses I had. 

After about 8 photos, Jim said it was now his turn. As I gave Jim a quick lesson on how to use the camera and flash, Emily began to take off her clothes. In a manner of seconds, she stood before the two us in all of her raw splendor. Jim just stood and stared, not believing what he was seeing, but his cock knew what he was seeing. Once again, I was surprised at how turned on I was at having another man actually see her naked in real life. 

Her first poses were made sitting on the sofa opposite Jim. She had pulled her long hair in front of her to hide the majority of her very ample breasts. Her legs were crossed so as to hide the buried treasure. After 4 or 5 photos, I was quietly motioning her, behind Jim’s back so he couldn’t see me, to uncross her legs and casually spread her legs for him. At first she refused, but soon gave in. She nonchalantly shifted her position, fixed her hair and uncrossed her legs. During the next few photos that Jim took, her knees drifter further and further apart. Her thick dark bush became more and more visible and drew both our attention towards it. Jim knelt down, focused the camera from only about 5 feet away and snapped a few more shots of her with spread legs. 

It wasn’t long until Jim had used up the roll of film and the photo session came to an end. We all got dressed, I told Jim the slides would be ready next week and he said he would be back in two weeks as could not make it the next one. We said our goodnights and Jim drove off. 

When we got back in the house, I couldn’t get her clothes off of her fast enough and we had great sex. 

Afterwards, I asked her how she felt about everything that happened and she said she felt very embarrassed, especially with the first picture of her naked appeared. She said she almost got up and ran out of the room, but stayed because she knew I wanted her to. By the time I had gone back through the slides for the second time, she said the embarrassment was turning into excitement. She could see Jim glancing at her and the more he saw the photos of her naked and then looking at her, the more turned on she started to get.

But then she admitted that when he wanted to take pictures of her naked, that she wasn’t sure what to do. The thought of actually being naked in front of another man scared her and turned her on at the same time. She said that knowing he wanted to see her body in real life was flattering and exciting. I then asked her how she felt now that it was over and she looked me and gave me her shy embarrassed look and said that she had enjoyed in. I then asked if she would be up to more in two weeks he comes back and she said she’ll let me know when the time got closer. Then we made love again and fell asleep still wrapped in each other’s embrace.


Emily – Part 2

The week after our experience with Jim, we took another series of pregnant photos, clothed and naked. As the next weekend approached, I asked Emily how she was feeling about everything and she walked up to me, passionately kissed me and told me that I had better buy at least one more roll of film. Again, she made instantly hard. 

Jim called a couple days before that Saturday and told us that he had some things to take care of and that he probably couldn’t make it before 8pm if that was okay. Since it got dark about then, I told him that was perfect.

Saturday came and I could tell that Emily was excited. She showered extra clean and put some rollers in hair to give it a little curl and wave. What really caught me by surprise is that she took a scissor and carefully trimmed her pubes to give them a smooth and tame look, not wild like the first time, although I’m not sure Jim carried. By 6 pm, she was dressed and ready. She was wearing a two piece gingham dress, bra and panties. I was in a pair of cutoff jeans.

I got the camera, flash, slides and projector ready and we more or less killed time until we heard the knock on the door. When Jim came in, I greeted him and Emily gave him a small kiss on the cheek and smiled at him. We sat, opened a beer and started some small talk when Emily pulled out a deck of cards and announced that we were playing strip poker. As I only had two items on, I went and grabbed a shirt. Emily announced that the lowest hand had to lose an item of clothing and began to shuffle the cards and deal. 

I lost the first hand, so off came the shirt. Jim lost the second hand and off came his shirt. I lost the third and stood and dropped the cutoffs, leaving me in my skivvies. Emily finally lost a hand and instead of taking off the blouse, she removed her skirt. The tails of her blouse were long enough that they covered her panties. She lost the next hand and carefully unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off. Her bra was one of those low cut jobs that hid the nipples but not the aureoles. I lost next and proudly stood and stripped off my undies and revealed a rock hard cock. Jim lost the next two rounds and found himself naked like I was. We decided to keep playing until Emily lost everything and that took longer than any of us expected but eventually, we were all naked.

Grabbing the camera, I told them to do something, whatever. Jim grabbed an ice cube and tried to put it on Emily’s belly, but she doesn’t like anything cold, so it soon turned into a game. Jim was trying to ice her belly or breasts and Emily was trying to ice his rock hard cock. This lasted a few minutes until they started to tire. Jim then pulled Emily to him, wrapped his arms around her body and began to kiss her. I could see that she was reciprocating with the kiss and this lasted a few minutes. 

Jim then carefully laid her down on the floor, still kissing her and started moving his hands over her body. I watched as his hand slid over her breast and then cupped itself around it. It suddenly dawned on me that my wife was lying naked on the floor with a naked man and they were kissing and he was fondling her breasts. As I thought about it, I got so aroused that I almost came without anything touching me. The tip of my cock was flowing freely and it was dripping down to the floor. 

I was seated on a sofa looking straight up my wife’s long legs. The more Jim fondled her breasts, the more her legs parted until I could clearly see, even with her thick pubic hair that she was very aroused and moist and I wanted nothing more than to join them on the floor and take advantage of that wet pussy. 

After a few more minutes of Jim and Emily kissing and his fondling of her breasts, I saw her hand go down to his cock. His entire body trembled when she wrapped her fingers around it and ever so gently stroked it. I couldn’t take anymore, so I moved down to the floor next to Emily on the opposite side of Jim. She looked at me and smiled and then reached down to grasp my cock in her other hand. 

There we lay of the floor of the living room. My gorgeous naked wife with a naked man on each side of her and a rock hard cock in each hand. She whispered that she loved me and I told her that I loved her also. She closed her eyes and just laid there and waited for whatever came next. 

Jim was still massaging her breasts so I slid my hand down to her navel and then carefully traced my way down to her flowing pussy. I slide two fingers up inside her and her body arched with the sensation. As I began to work her clit with my fingers, Jim’s eyes moved back forth from her breasts to her pussy. It didn’t take long and we could see her back begin to arch up and down and then her belly began to move in and out with the mounting sensations. Finally her back arched way up, thrusting her pussy into the air as she climaxed. I had never seen her have such an intense orgasm and decided to see if I could bring to a second one, so I continued to rub and massage her clit, all the while Jim continued to fondle her breasts and suck on her nipples. 

Emily just lay there, never opening her eyes. I had no clue what she was thinking about or if she was aware of who was doing what to her. Her second orgasm took just a little longer than the first but it was just as intense. As her body settled back on the floor after the second orgasm, Jim moved his hand from her breast to her pussy and looked at for permission to touch. I nodded and moved my attention up to her breasts and watched as another man’s fingers began to explore my wife’s pussy. 

Jim first slid one finger up into her and then a second. He slid them in and out for a bit and then moved to her clit and began to work it like I had. Never in our married life had she ever experienced three orgasms in one day, let alone in a row, but experience it she did. For the third time, her body arched and writhed until she exploded for the third time. As it eased off, Jim kept his fingers in her pussy, gently rubbing her inner moist sanctum. Emily was panting as if she had just run a race. 

She finally opened her eyes and once again, complete shocked me. She whispered ‘fuck me’. I couldn’t believe what I had just heard as that is a word she abhors and never used. In disbelief, I asked her what she said and she repeated it once more. Jim heard it also and moved off to the side to give us room. I leaned down to Emily and spoke loud enough so that Jim could hear me and told her that she needed to take both of us at the same time. She shook her head affirmative and repeated her ‘fuck me’ command. I asked her if it mattered who went were and she shook her head no and said it didn’t matter but she didn’t want to know. I quickly grabbed a scarf and blind folded her. I raised her up off the floor and onto all fours. I motioned for Jim to follow me and we both circled her several times, even reversing direction so she would not know who was who. 

I entered her pussy and Jim stuck his cock up to her mouth. As soon as she felt it there, she instantly wrapped her lips around it and practically swallowed the whole thing. My movement from behind set the tempo for the sucking and the three of us moved in perfect rhythm. I could feel her pussy tighten around me as she built for another orgasm. Between my own aroused nature and feeling her pussy grip my cock tighter and tighter, it didn’t take long for me to shoot my load up into her. Jim must have been equally excited as he began to shoot his load into her mouth. She kept sucking on his cock as if to make sure she got every last drop. 

After we both pulled away from her, she leaned down on her elbows, nearly exhausted from the night. I motioned Jim to switch positions very quietly. I could tell that she was in a world of her own and without her realizing it, Jim and I switched locations. Seeing her lifted butt with wanting pussy, he again looked at me for permission. I smiled and nodded and the watched as another man began to penetrate my wife’s pussy. Just watching made me hard again so I slid my cock into her mouth and she began sucking me in rhythm with Jim’s pounding her. 

This time took a few minutes longer for us to work up another batch of cum, but I don’t think either of us minded. 
The sensation of her lips sliding up and down my shaft was divine. Watching Jim move in and out of her at the same time kept me hard and wanting more. I could tell from watching Emily’s body and the pressure on my cock in her mouth that she was building for a fifth time. I’m sure Jim felt it too as I could see the expression on his face that he was emptying his load into my wife’s pussy. Watching what has happening and realizing that another man had just fucked my wife put me over the edge and I emptied myself into her mouth. She sucked me clean and we both lay back on either side of her. She collapsed straight down onto the floor, obviously spent of all energy and gasping to catch her breath. After several minutes of silence, she rolled over onto her back, still panting and exhausted, she took the blindfold off. Catching her breath, she whispered ‘thank you and I love you.’ I told her I loved her also. She then turned toward Jim and told him thank you and that she loved the taste of his cock and his cum. Jim and I looked at each other and I winked and nodded and he thanked for such a wonderful evening. 

After a few more minutes, Jim asked if he could shower before going home. I said sure and told him to use the master bathroom as it had a walk in shower and more room. He got up and disappeared around the corner heading for the shower. Emily told me that we all could use a shower and suggested we join him. I helped her up to her feet, but her legs were still weak and wobbly from five orgasms. She finally gained her strength and we made our way to the shower and joined Jim. 

It was a little cozy with three of us, but that made it all the more fund. I turned Emily around to face Jim and I started soaping her back side. Jim took the hint and started soaping her front side and I’m sure he didn’t miss a single spot. Emily then began soaping Jim’s front side where she started placing extra attention to his cock. As she rubbed his soapy cock between her hands, Jim made sure her breasts were extra clean. She continued to soap him up until he shot another load all over her abdomen and down her legs. Jim was all too happy to re-soap those areas. 

We rinsed off and helped towel each other off. Jim slowly got dressed and said that he had never experienced anything like this before and we assured him that we hadn’t either. Jim said things were getting real busy for him and he wasn’t sure when he could come over next and we said that was okay and for him to call later. Emily kissed him goodnight and walked him to the door, still naked and still smiling. 

After Jim left, I looked at the clock and it was 3:20am. We had no idea it was that late and that we had been busy for over 5 hours. We locked up, turned out the lights and headed to bed. We laid their and held each and as my cock started to grow, Emily looked at me and said she was too tired to do anymore. I understood and we drifted off to sleep in each other’s arms.


Emily – Part 3

We slept in quite late the next day, waking around noon. I asked Emily how she was doing and she said she was sore and tire. She also told me that she was ashamed at far she let herself go and that it scared her to think about what happened. Then she told me that she was glad that I was the one that made love to her both times as she was not sure she could handle knowing that she had allowed another man to do that to her. I realized then and there that I could never tell her that in fact another man had made love to her and that she loved every bit of it. It was to be a secret that kept until after she was gone.

That night’s events scared her more and more and Emily began to withdraw sexually. She found it difficult to even let herself go with me. I could see that she had allowed herself to become overcome with guilt. It was the same kind of guilt a woman feels who has been ****d. They are ashamed of what they did and what happened. It bothers them so deeply that affects their sexual relationship with any man down the road. So it was with Emily. 

I called Jim up a couple weeks later and explained to him how she has reacted to that night. He said he understood and that it would probably be best if he didn’t come over for a while as he wasn’t sure what it would do to her. He asked me how I felt about that night and if I was upset with him. I told him that I had no regrets and apologized for how she has reacted. We saw each other in college, had coffee together, collected bugs together and had lunch a few times, but Jim never again came over to the house.

Over the months that followed, her guilt was such that she begged me to destroy all of the slides and any photos of her naked, even the pregnant ones. We never took anymore nude pregnant photos, only clothes. I had to light a candle and melt each slide of her and me. I had several slides and a couple of matte finish photos that I managed to hide, but thought I had lost them in the move. 

Two kids and fifteen years later, Emily was struck by a drunk driver and killed. I never told her what really happened that night when she was blind folded. Jim came to her memorial and I’m glad he did. I told the girls that he was an old friend from college and that he knew their mom also. He asked about the photos and I told him that she had made me destroy them all, which was a good thing to him as he had finally married and settled down and didn’t want his wife to know anything about those two night. 

Earlier this year, I found the handful of slides and photos Emily that I had hidden away. I thought they had been lost, but so glad to have found them. I have such wonderful memories of her and the times we had, including the only times with Jim. I’m sorry I can’t share the photos of Emily on the website, as they are scans of old slides and matte finished photos and the webmaster has his rules against them. Perhaps if enough of you begged him, he might allow me to share them with you. I will have to hide her face as I cannot take the chance of anyone recognizing her, even though she is gone, because I wouldn’t want to tarnish their image of her and it might cause a problem for my career. I hope you understand.

