Summer Vacation
by wildirishrose7©


It was the first day of my summer vacation, and I was making the most of it. Got 
up around 7:00, and called the Unemployment office about re-opening my claim. 
Then decided to spend the day in my bathing suit, as I was alone in the house - 
and could enjoy that rare luxury. So I set about starting up the laundry and 
catching up on some tasks needing to be done; taking short breaks to sunbathe on 
the deck in the backyard.

This routine went on for most of the morning, as I accomplished some 
chores...then treated myself to some idle minutes under the cloudless sky, 
soaking up the sunshine in my stars and stripes bikini. I had just dumped 
another toasty load of wash on the bed, with the intention of folding it, when I 
gave in to the distracting erotic thoughts and feelings I was experiencing from 
having been in the sun. I figured, the wash could wait...

I retrieved my purple vibrator from my lingerie drawer, and took off the bikini 
bottoms. Laying back, I pulled the triangle top to the sides so I could caress 
myself there as well. Closing my eyes, I sought one of my tried-and-true 
fantasies to accompany my play. Was lost in the scenario my imagination 
provided, and did not hear the door to the bedroom open. 

My lover's voice startled me, when I heard him say, "Mmmm, what have we here?" 
seeing my blush he continued, "Oh noooo, don't stop on my account. I have 
imagined you this way countless times,... although I must admit you look damn 
good, even better than I thought possible. Fantastic, in fact!" Not quite sure 
of what was appropriate; I asked if he'd like to take over for me. But no, he 
wanted something else. 

Kevin said, "What I would really love, Rose, would be to watch you finish. You 
look incredible. So erotic, and beautiful. Please let me see how you pleasure 
yourself?" Blushing, I nodded 'Yes'. I closed my eyes, and focused on his soft 
voice, as he sat on the edge of the bed, at the bottom. He had a full view of 
everything, from there.

I slid the purple vibe over the slippery center of my flower, as he encouraged 
me. He said, "Ohhhyes, Rose. That's the spot, feels good, doesn't it? I want to 
kiss you all over. Especially there. Mmmmm...I am so hard for you now I may 
explode in my pants!" He actually chuckled, but the lust in his soft voice was 
unmistakable. "I want you to make more of that sweet honey for me, Rose. Am 
going to bury my face there...oooh yes, that's it. Yeah? I can see how much you 
love it." 

The sound of his voice, the words he spoke, had me in an erotic trance of sorts, 
as I strove to build my orgasm to an all-time high. In my mind, I saw his blue 
eyes drinking in every detail of the display before him. I pressed the soles of 
my feet together, as the buzzing continued. Trying to be quiet, so as not to 
miss a single word, I sought the hot spot that would take me to the edge and 
topple me over.

"Rose, I can smell you from here. Your honey drips all the way to the sheet. How 
I want you!" I gasped, getting closer to my goal. "That's it, my dream. Don't 
stop. Take me with you." An animal quality had crept into his voice then. He 
spoke again, "You never fail to amaze me, Rose. Just when I think you can't get 
more beautiful, you do. Could never tire of looking at you. 
Ahhh...yesss...there, I see. You are almost there. Yeah? Yeah? That's it. Do it. 
Let me see. Make lots more juicy sweetness for me." I trembled, and felt the 
rise of gooseflesh. My nipples hardened without any help from me. "I am going to 
taste you. Call my name when you cum. The way you tell me you do, when I am not here. MMMMMMMMmmm, now. Yeah. Show me."

I felt it coming then. The heat, the unbearable intensity, the exquisite 
delight, washed over me like a tsunami. As my back arched, and the first spasm 
gripped me, mind body and soul, I cried out, "Kevinnnnnnnnnn! Aahhhh...mmmmmmm." 
My juices gushed out, covering my upper thighs and dripping down over the curve 
of my ass above the sheet. 

He missed no time, putting his mouth right on the place he'd been watching as I 
played; thrusting his tongue up inside, moaning into my sex. My brain 
experienced something akin to the twang of a guitar string, as I lost myself in 
the sensation of his mouth savoring me. The next one was even better than the 
first, as I thrust myself into his face. He completed me as his flesh filled 
mine, and started the slow dance that was the lovemaking we shared...time 
suspended, as our bodies fused as one. We rolled around until the sheets were 
damp with our lust, and our hearts were overflowing with desire...bringing 
pleasure to each other for several hours.

We fell asleep in each other's arms, and awoke to scattered laundry on the 
bedroom floor. I smiled, and raised one eyebrow as I took in the mess we'd made. 
He grinned, and shrugged and said, "Forget the wash. It can wait. I have 
something more pressing to give you now." My smile told him all he needed to 
know, as the 2nd day of my summer vacation began.





 