The Little Purple Dress
by JefferyB
Copyright© 2022 by JefferyB

It must have been about 3:30 in the afternoon. Both of us had been busy all day. We had lunch together but were with other people from the office. That meant we couldn’t be affectionate. You came to my office door and started to speak to me when one of the men in the hallway decided it was the proper time to chat you up. As he continued to attempt to hold you in conversation, you eventually leaned back against my doorway, doing your best to listen to his babble.

While I wasn’t overly pleased that someone was using your spare time to talk about some business issue, I did take the time to observe you. You know that I have always thought that you were beautiful, but I don’t know if you were aware of how often I look at you. How often I admire your body while naughty thoughts fill my head.

As you leaned against the doorway, I noticed where the zipper was to your skirt, thinking I might need that information later. I saw where the buttons were on your blouse and how many. That might also come in handy. I noticed that you were wearing stockings and was trying to decide if you were wearing pantyhose or thigh-highs when you turned briefly and caught me watching you. You quickly looked back to the man and I prepared for your next glance. I had left the house this morning before you were dressed, so now I was trying to decide which matching panties and bra you were wearing. They were, no doubt, matching and would have gone with what you were wearing on the outside. Since you were wearing a navy blue skirt and a white blouse, I decided you were wearing the white set I got for you before you came to live with me. I could imagine you wearing only that and my blood boiled a little.

In less than a minute, you cut your eyes again to look at me and found that I had my fingers in front of my mouth making a “V” and was running my tongue along its base. Your eyes quickly snapped back toward the man and I could see the beginnings of a blush on your face. I know you so well ... there was no doubt in my mind that you were completely not listening to him any longer. You were thinking about what I had suggested with my sign.

After a few seconds, you moved against the other side of my doorway and leaned against it with your shoulder. In that position, your right arm was inside my office. You raised your arm and began a motion with your hand as if you were stroking a cock ... up and down. I assumed you were telling me that the guy you were talking with was a total jerk-off.

Because he was not in a position to see me, I got up from behind my desk and moved beside you, leaning against the wall where he could not see me. Taking your hand, I pushed it down until I pressed it against the front of my trousers, letting you feel the erection that had bloomed while I admired your body. Rather than jerking your hand back, you began to glide your hand up and down on my cock as you continued to speak to the idiot who didn’t want to end the conversation.

I considered unzipping my pants and putting your hand inside but decided that wasn’t the best idea I had ever come up with. I was, after all, only about a foot away from an open doorway with only you to block the view of any passersby.

I moved back to my desk and sat down behind it. You ended your conversation with the jerk, turned and walked into my office, rolling your eyes to suggest your displeasure with him. You sat down in one of my client chairs and gave me a big smile. “That was enjoyable,” you said.

“What?” I answered, “Talking to the company moron?”

“No, silly,” you said softly, “rubbing the front of your pants and finding something hard there. What were you doing to create that wonderful erection?”

“I was sitting here trying to decide what you were wearing under your skirt,” I replied. “I imagined you standing there wearing only something small and sexy from Victoria’s Secret.”

Your smile was radiant and you said, “Maybe you’d like to see what I’m wearing?”

“You know that I would,” I answered.

You stood up and turned casually toward my door, looking to see if there was any activity in the hallway. Not seeing anyone, you moved back into the corner of my office where you couldn’t be seen from the doorway. Turning slowly in a circle, you stood facing me with your feet slightly apart. While maintaining eye contact with me, you slowly raised your skirt until its bottom was almost to your waist.

At that point, my eyes dropped and took in what I had expected to see. You were wearing the white thong panties I gave you and thigh-high stockings. Holding the skirt up, you again slowly turned in a full circle so that I could see it all. When you were facing me again, you let the dress drop and slowly walked to the front of my desk. “So,” you said in a soft sexy voice, “Is that what you thought I’d be wearing?”

“In fact, that is exactly what I thought you’d be wearing,” I said. “But I’m afraid that if anyone walked in here now and I had to stand up, we would both be very embarrassed.”

You moved back to the chair and sat once again. But this time, you didn’t cross your legs. Instead, you appeared to push your knees apart just a little. You placed your hand down on the inside of your knee and slowly moved it up the inside of your thigh. “I like it when you think about me like that and get so hard,” you said with emphasis on the word “hard.” As your hand was now up as far as the hem of your skirt, you said, “What else can I do to get you excited?”

My eyes were now riveted on your hand and between your knees. “You could continue what you are doing for a starter,” I said in a husky voice that let you know that I was getting more excited by the second.

You adjusted your position in the chair and opened your legs a little wider, allowing me to see the white of your panties. “Would you like my hand to move all the way up?” you asked.

“Yes, I would,” I responded almost breathlessly. I quickly cut my eyes up to my doorway to ensure there was no one near it and then back to your hand.

“I’ll bet you would like me to touch myself and let you watch,” you whispered. “I’ll bet that you would like me to slip one of my fingers inside my pussy and slowly finger myself.”

“If you did, I’m afraid I would have to let this erection free of my pants and stroke it while you were fingering yourself,” I whispered back at you.

You ran a finger along the middle of your silky panties for a few seconds and then stood up. You walked around my desk. You leaned against the edge of my desk, almost close enough for your leg to touch mine. In the same whispered voice, you said, “Maybe you should just put your hand up inside my skirt and see if you can find anything you want to touch. I feel that you might find something that was wet and needed your attention.” You picked up some papers on my desk and began to look at them, leaving anyone who walked by to think we were discussing a business issue.

I moved my hand to where it was on the inside of your knee and began to slide it upward over your silky stockings. When my hand touched bare skin, you moved slightly so that your legs were farther apart. My fingers moved another couple of inches upward and felt the soft silkiness of your panties. I moved my fingers lightly against them, saw your eyes shut, and noticed a slight sigh from your pursed lips.

I pressed my finger a little harder and found that you were quite wet as you had suggested. I could feel it coming through your panties and onto my finger. Moving my finger from side to side, the light fabric became wetter and you kept your eyes closed, enjoying the feeling. “You like for me to finger you, don’t you, baby?” I said.

You slightly opened your eyes and whispered, “You have magic fingers.”

Because you were wearing a thong, I could easily pull the panty aside and slide my finger into your hot pussy, pushing it in as far as it would go. You almost gasped out loud but maintained your position and continued to act as if reading the papers in your hands.

I began to glide my finger in and out of you, looking down to see that my fingers were covered in your juices. “How good does that feel?” I asked.

“It’s wonderful,” you said. “I don’t want you to stop, but if you don’t, I will scream with pure pleasure. Can’t we go home now and finish this where I can make some noise?”

I withdrew my finger and let the panty slide back over your opening. I put the finger that had been inside you into my mouth and sucked on it lovingly, then said, “I think that sounds like a good idea. Certainly the best idea I’ve heard all day. Why don’t you leave first and I’ll follow you by about 15 minutes to avoid any suspicion.”

You stood up, straightened your skirt and walked around to the front of my desk. You dropped the papers you’d had in your hands on my desk and said, “I can’t wait to have you inside me. Would you like me to go home, get naked and be waiting for you on the bed?”

I thought for a second and replied, “No. Do you remember the little purple dress I bought for you at Victoria’s Secret? I’ve enjoyed you today with your clothes on. Maybe you should find that dress and let me take it off you.”

“If I recall the last time I wore that dress, you growled like an animal and took me without taking it off,” you whispered. “But I know where it is and if that’s what you want, that’s what you’ll get.” You stepped back into the corner of my office and out of sight from the door. You pulled your skirt up once again, pulled your panties down, and stepped out of them. Letting your dress fall back into place, you pitched the panties onto my desk, saying, “I won’t need these again today. I’m so excited that I may need to finger myself on the way home. When you get there, I’ll be wet and ready.” You turned and walked to my office door, looked outside along the hallway and turned back to me, saying, “Hurry, sweetie. I’m really horny.”

I wasted no time getting everything in my office shut down and notifying my assistant that I would be leaving a little early, also letting her know that she should not forward any calls to my cell phone. “Anyone who wants me will just have to wait until the morning,” I told her.

As I drove home, I thought about stopping to pick up some flowers for you but decided that my need and desire over-ruled any thought of frills right now. I just wanted to see you in that little purple sundress and hoped that the passion I saw in your eyes as you slipped out of your panties in my office was still alive and burning inside you.

I parked in the driveway and came into the house through the garage. By the time I walked through the door, I had removed my tie and kicked off my shoes. Coming through the kitchen, I saw you standing in the middle of the family room wearing that darling purple dress. As I smiled and began walking toward you, your hand came up and you said, “Stop right there.”

I came to a halt beside the oversized chair. You gave me a very sexy smile and asked, “Is this the dress you wanted me to wear?”

“That’s the one,” I answered.

You put your hands on the top of the dress and slowly pulled it down to let your bare breasts pop out. “You wanted it like this, right?”

“Yes,” I said, “Exactly like that.”

Then you took the hem of the dress in your hands and pulled it up to your waist, letting me see that you had not put on panties. You let me gaze at your beautiful, hairless pussy. “You wanted nothing on under the dress, right?”

“You are correct again,” I answered, standing still by the chair but now with a noticeable lump in the front of my pants.

“Now, here’s what I want,” you stated teasingly. “Stand right there and take off your shirt.” When I had accomplished my assignment and tossed the shirt over on the couch, you instructed me to take off my pants. Pants free, you said, “Take off those silly socks.”

Now I was standing about eight feet away from your wearing nothing but boxers that looked like I had a tent pole in them. “Now,” you instructed, “Take off the boxers and sit in that chair.” When I sat down, you said, “Now lean back and stretch out.” Again I did as commanded and your eyes locked onto my stiff shaft.

The top of your dress was still down below your bare breasts and I could see that your nipples were hard and you were obviously excited. You took one step toward me and, in a soft voice, said, “You said in your office that you wanted to take out your cock and stroke it while you watched me. Would you still like to do that?”

“If you do what you did in my office, I won’t have an option but to stroke it. Can you see how hard it is?”

“I can, baby,” you said in a whisper. “It is large and very hard and I want it. I want it in my hands, mouth, and pussy.” You pulled the ottoman over and sat on it without taking your eyes off me. Once seated, you pulled the bottom of the dress up to your waist and opened your legs. As you moved your hand between your legs, I put my hand around my cock. I slowly slid my hand from the base to the top and back again. You responded by pushing a finger into your pussy and slowly pulling it out again.

We sat there like that for several minutes, watching each other masturbate. I couldn’t wait to bury my cock inside you, but I could see the wild look in your eyes and knew that you were becoming more aroused with every stroke I made. I doubted that you could even feel what you were doing to yourself, but it became evident that you were extremely excited when I began to hear the sounds of a very wet pussy. I moved my hand up and down a little faster and watched you do the same.

I thought about crawling over to you and spreading your legs wide so that I could put my tongue inside you but decided that I would wait for you to let me know what you wanted next. If you decided that you just wanted to continue this until I covered my chest with cum, that would be good if it excited you. If you had a plan, I didn’t want to upset it and if you didn’t have one, I was delighted to just see what happened next.

After a few seconds, you whispered again, saying, “I love your cock. It is just beautiful and I love to see you touch it. You do that the same way you touch me. I think I could cum just watching you.”

You stood up quickly and took the two steps to reach me, extending your hand to help me to stand. Once I was standing, you put your hand around my cock and squeezed it firmly. I knew it was the hand that you had used to masturbate because your fingers were wet. You moved close to me and pushed my cock down between your long legs and moved so that you could cover the end of it with the juices flowing from your pussy. You slid your hand over my cock when it was utterly wet, just as I had done a few minutes earlier.

You put your hand on my neck and pulled my mouth to yours, kissing me hungrily and pushing my cock between your legs. As you kissed me, you slid your hot pussy over my cock again and again until finally you stopped and said, “I want to cum, baby. Please make me cum with your fingers. And then I want this beautiful cock inside me.”

There didn’t need to be any further discussion. I put my hand under the dress and quickly found your flowing pussy. I covered a finger with your juices by pushing it deep inside before moving swiftly to your clit. I began a side-to-side motion that I felt would get you off quickly. I could feel how aroused you were and your clit was hard under my finger. As I worked, you whispered, “Yes, baby. Oh god, that feels so good. I wanted to cum in your office this afternoon. I love the way you finger me. Oh god, it is so good.”

I could feel a tremble in your legs and knew that you were about ready. Once more, I buried my finger inside your pussy and coated your clit with your juices. I pressed a little harder and moved a little faster. Your head flew back and your mouth opened. “Oh God, Yes!” you shouted. “Oh, God. Don’t stop yet!” I felt the hot gush rushing through your body and you trembled as those beautiful little whimpers came from deep in your throat. For a moment, I thought that your legs might give out, but you put your arms around my neck and held on to me until the orgasmic wave was gone.

As soon as I felt you were steadier, I pushed the ottoman with my foot until it was next to the chair. Once again, without any words, I moved you toward the ottoman. Following my non-vocal instruction, you put your knees on it and your hands on the arms of the chair. I moved behind you and pulled the bottom of the dress up to your waist. I moved your legs as wide apart as possible on the ottoman and pushed two fingers of my hand into your pussy. With my other hand, I firmly grasped your breast. When you moaned loudly, I moved my fingers faster and deeper. My cock was begging to be buried inside your burning hot pussy, but I was waiting for just one sign from you. And then I got it. You cried out, “Oh god, Baby! Now! I need you inside me Now!”

You dropped your hands and face onto the chair cushion as I moved behind you. Your dripping pussy was there waiting for me and I placed the head of my cock inside it and then pushed it all the way home. You were so hot and wet inside that I said, “Your pussy is on fire!”

“God, Yes!” you said back to me as you looked back between your legs to see me buried inside you. “Oh please, Baby. Give it to me hard and fast and fill me up with cum.”

I took your hips in my hands and began to hammer into you just as you wanted it ... hard and fast. Your moans with each thrust became louder. Each cry drove me a little crazier than I was with the last one. Each thrust met another fantastic sound of lovemaking ... the sounds of our skin slapping together. The sounds of our combined wetness and my groans and yours filled the room.

“Cum in me!” you shouted at me. “I want you to cum in me!” And then you reached out with your hand and found my balls coated in your juices. Your fingers slipped over the wetness and then firmly took them and gently squeezed them. That was all I needed. I pressed inside of you as if I were going to push through you and let the floodgates open. I could no longer move. I felt pulse after pulse of hot spunk shot out of me and fill you up. I growled loudly and pulled you very tightly to me for a long time, not wanting to let go of you. I didn’t want this incredible thing to come to an end.

As I stood there with my legs apart and cock still burning inside you, I felt your hand on my balls. This time very gently, you ran your fingers through our fluids that were now covering them. In a very soft voice, you said, “Pull out, Baby, but slowly.” I did as you said and took almost a minute before I saw the head of my cock come from inside you. As soon as I stood up straight, you turned around and sat on the ottoman with your face only a few inches from my cock. You put your hand around it, squeezed it and began to stoke it using our juices as a special lube. Looking up at me, you smiled. “That was beyond wonderful. You’re still hard. Maybe you’d like to go again?”

“Are you kidding?” I said. “Have I ever turned down an opportunity to make love to you?”

Still stroking me, you smiled up at me and said, “Actually, I don’t think you ever have. Maybe we should discuss it in the tub. You might want to pay a little attention to the girls in some warm water, or perhaps you’d like to sit on the edge of the tub and let me make love to this beautiful cock with my mouth.”

I reached down, pulling you to your feet. Taking you in my arms, I kissed you as if we had just started two seconds ago. As I kissed you, I could feel your nipples against my bare chest and felt that they were still hard. I bent down and sucked each nipple into my mouth. First one and then the other until you moaned with joy.

“You aren’t going to wear me out or wear me down,” I said after kissing your lips again. “There is no such thing as too much of you. So why don’t you go fill the tub and I’ll get us something to drink.”

You held me close and quietly looked into my eyes for a few seconds before saying, “How long will you love me?”

One more light kiss on your soft lips and I whispered, “Forever.”
