Family portrait

I'd always thought it would be nice to have an up to date family photograph, now that our children are older as the only ones we had were with them when they were small so I looked into it and engaged a portrait studio in a local town.

Now it was a large chain so good reputation if a little expensive but we thought what the hell and booked despite this. We met the photographer who wasn't great at PR because he seemed rushed and a bit offhand yet we'd committed so we went ahead anyway however a few days before we were due to do the shoot the studio cancelled due to the photographer being ill.

I wasn't best pleased and it got worse when that afternoon. I was speaking to a neighbour, whose friends daughter was getting married at the weekend, and she told me that they'd been let down by their uncle who was to do the photography but had chickened out. It turned out that the man who was too ill to do our shoot was actually going to do their wedding instead! What a liar!

I was furious and all set to storm over and tell them what I thought of them but instead I decided since my daughters were back from university especially for this I'd see if I could rebook with another agency. I had an idea to keep the revised booking I'd made then let them down like they'd let us down which was childish but would make me feel better.

Anyway I phoned around for quite some time before finding a photographer who agreed to do the shoot only since I didn't know him I arranged to visit him the next day (Friday). The building was tucked away from the main town centre but was ok inside with some glamour pictures over the walls of the entrance. He was alone when I arrived so he showed me his main studio which was set up with a bed to one side, and a set that looked like a front room on the other side. 
 
We chatted about what we wanted namely a set of family shots and he suggested we have individual ones as well plus ones with parents and children only; this seemed like a nice idea.

I looked through some of his albums which showed some decent pictures only there were quite a few `glamour' ones at the back which while a bit revealing were actually well done. The man, Jeff asked if I'd be interested in posing for some adding that in his experience husbands really appreciated getting a set of, in his words `saucy shots'. I was not keen because I explained that my two daughters would be about but he brushed this off telling me he usually arranged it so everyone had their own private sessions after the group shots and it would be fun. I still said no.

We then chatted some more before he put a proposal to me; he offered the family portrait shoot with all the different groups at a really good price as long as he was allowed to do individual shoots. He explained that he was rather quiet at the moment and could do with some new material to promote his company and if we did some individual shoots he could use them to help advertise his studio both on the web and in the local paper.

Like I mentioned I still wasn't keen but agreed in the end because the discount he offered was too good to refuse. He asked that we all bring a change of clothes; nothing revealing but both smart and casual.

Anyway on Saturday we arrived and were met by Jeff and a girl called Alice who was only a few years older than my eldest, Sophie, who was twenty one. Lindsey my youngest was nineteen. Now at forty-four I felt old around these three but my husband tells me I still look good and I believe him. Anyway after the application of some additional but light makeup we had an hour of group shots both standing against the white background as well as sitting in the lounge area of the set.

The odd one he showed us seemed really good so the time went by quickly. The girls went home and I left to do some shopping while Ricky had an hour with the photographer before I came back. Since the girls were not due back until two and I wasn't going to have my turn until later, after he'd shot another client the photographer took a break. We went to a pub for lunch then home and I returned alone around five. I'd not seen the girls return but they were probably shopping knowing them.

Once I was there Alice took me to one side and cleared off my remaining makeup before starting again. I must admit I looked a little over made up for my taste but she said it would add to the effect so I went with it. I was a little nervous slipping into a somewhat flimsy dress she'd produced for me to wear especially as I wore a new set of lace underwear with hold ups (something the photographer had hinted at but not made it a direct request) and it meant I looked more sexy than I'd done in many years.

I was drinking the wine I'd been offered a little freely which the girl commented on so I admitted I was nervous. She smiled and told me I'd have a really fun time and I'd feel very different after it. I doubted that but she was just being nice so I replied with a maybe.

Now this is the point of the story when I have to admit things are more retrospective than memory because the world began to get hazy at this point and then I scarcely remember anything at all. I had some vague recollection that I was virtually naked spread across the bed and I also have some memories of using my fingers on myself but the rest is simply third hand testimony plus of course the video and photographic evidence.

To cut to the chase I went into the next room and quickly after a some less obscene shots I stripped to underwear. When I was asked to do so, I played with myself freely (not a thing I would have done normally) as things got really crude. At some point the girl appeared and began to make out with me on the bed and we did things to each other until I had a climax; all recorded on video. Then a man appeared and I had sex with him. It was very physical and I was heard to yell at him to `fuck me hard' several times and when he shot his cum in me I simply held him close and told him he was naughty because I wasn't on the pill.

Now I remember none of this but after that little scene I had sex with a second man also on video only the guy was someone I knew really well, in fact he works with my husband and he called me by my name several times as we had sex both as Sandy and Mrs Crane. It's awful to say this but the look of pleasure I had on my face was quite something as we held each while he climaxed. Jeff then took some other pictures of me in obscene poses both with and without the man then finished up with me using a large dildo on myself. Around all of this he did take enough less lewd images so he could make up a portfolio to show my husband but I didn't see those until the following weekend.

I woke quite a bit later in the back office fully dressed lying on the sofa, the girl reading a magazine waiting for me to come round then she got me to take a walk with her to clear my head. It was as we did this I first recalled my masturbation session and when I confessed to the girl she smiled and told me I'd been rather naughty which caused me to burst into tears. I'm not sure how I pulled myself together but I did and she then phoned my husband and he collected me. It was almost nine.

Ricky was a little concerned when he picked me up but Alice explained that the other client overran so the shoot started very late and we'd sat drinking wine and chatting, I stayed quiet. At home I felt utterly ashamed but not yet knowing what else had happened so thinking that I'd let myself down only a little I went to bed.

I had some odd dreams that night and what I suppose you might call near-flashbacks, that's to say I had vague images of me having sex but frankly they were so indistinct I didn't actually join the dots at that time.

It was Monday when Jeff called and told me I'd better come to see the shots before my husband demanded to see them. I was quite nervous so turned up lunchtime and that was when I got to see all the pictures of me stripping and doing myself and then those of me with Alice. I was shocked and crumbled in front of the photographer who only responded by tell me the shoot was actually very good as I was clearly into it. He then went on to spin a story about how Alice had been reluctant at first but that I was so sexual she'd got into it and was raving about me after.

Now it sound stupid and on reflection it was just so nave but I still thought it had been me driving this (drunk obviously) and when he showed me the recording of us together I did appear to be the instigator tell Alice many times that `it was ok, I wasn't going to bite'; I really did appear to be a lesbian vamp!

This is the point I have to confess that like a number of women I've always found other women attractive, that is not to say they turned me on but I appreciated a good body and had those under-the-sheet fantasy discussions with my husband which included the odd lesbian encounter. Nothing heavy but it happened occasionally.

Now the next shots of me with the man, who Jeff explained was Alice's boyfriend came not only as a shock but caused a further set of tears. I realised then I'd fallen completely and when I saw the video I was simply ashamed at myself. I asked him to destroy both the pictures and the recordings but he refused and told me he was a businessman and I'd agreed at the start for him to have ownership of them.

I then begged him and that was when he told me I surprised him because of how I'd behaved on Saturday it was clear I was heavily into all of this. He then asked me when my last porn shoot had been and when I said never he snorted and told me it was obvious I'd done it loads of times.

He then showed me the final recording and I nearly died. The guy, Frank, not only works with my husband he is a close associate; a sales rep who works on most of Ricky's accounts for him.

I was now frantic and begged him to get rid of them but he asked me why, in his position and given the industry he was in, he would do that? I then told him I'd pay him but he shrugged and asked me what my husband will do when he finds out you had sex with a mate he works with. I was now desperate and told him I'd do anything if he `lost' that recording and the pictures. The look on his face was priceless and I realised what I'd offered.

He suggested I return the next day early as he had a booking in an hour but made it very clear that he expected me to willing do things which I took to mean have sex with him. I wanted to die but didn't feel I could avoid this as I needed a way out but got him to promise if I did what he wanted tomorrow he'd wipe all the pictures of me with Frank and the recording as well.

I resigned myself to the fact that some picture of me with Alice and her boyfriend might be used by the guy (he made that clear) but at least I didn't reveal my identity on the video and frankly I was such a slut I could just about believe I wasn't that woman on the screen anyway!

Back home that evening was strained, as I fought not to break down and confess, actually I should have done as it was my final chance to salvage myself but I wasn't thinking clearly. So I kept silent and returned the next day. Once there I realised Jeff had no intention of having sex with me; that was for others. It helped a little that Alice was there and got me to wear a dark wig before dressing me in clothes a hooker would have been embarrassed to put on but I did and then I was on the bed posing until Alice appeared dressed in schoolgirl wear and we made out.

The sex was not fun but I went with it until we stopped and I was given a break before Alice changed me into a red wig, tiny dress, hold ups and heels then I went to the sofa where I was recorded showing a lot of leg and my sex as I posed. I felt sick because I was already aware that another man had arrived and when he came on set I actually pleaded with Jeff not to make me do this.

The man was very large and very, very black. Jeff told me I needed to make this look good if he was to get something he could exchange for the other shoot so I was forced to try. Now I'm no virgin, clearly, but the man was so big when we finally had sex I felt like one. He was a man who had a twelve inch cock and had done several porn shoot before so he was experienced at this. Not only did his big cock get very hard (Viagra I believe) he was able to keep erect for nearly two hours as we did it in a variety of positions.

About fifteen minutes in Alice appeared and suggested I take ecstasy because it would really help as I was at a disadvantage and like a fool I did. Now I didn't become a nymphomaniac after that but slowly it knocked off the edges and eventually it got me more responsive until I was working with the guy more willingly. It was such a foolish thing to do because I had a couple of very large climaxes during the session which felt incredible and I even held him to me as he came inside me.

The worst part of it all was the fact that I lay with him with little or no compunction to leave after it was over so let Jeff take loads of stills of my gaping hole leaking the man's sperm. Not surprisingly I felt awful later when I was getting over the effects of the drugs but it was far too late. When I asked Jeff to do what he promised he told me to come back on Friday and he'd do it then, after...

So I was lost. I really had to do what he wanted and that Friday I did another photo shoot with another black guy who while smaller than the first guy he was very aggressive and seemed to love shooting in me which he must have done four or five times.

I never saw Jeff remove the photo's so I guessed he never did but what he did do was make it clear I needed to help him at the studio on a regular basis or Ricky would see some of my shoots. The next day (Saturday) we returned and I was shaking when he showed us the sets of pictures which were actually very good and both Ricky and the girls were delighted. The glamour shots were tasteful and well done and Ricky loved them not knowing that soon after I was having sex with one of his closest work colleagues.

Two days later Frank and I had sex. He simply turned up, showed me a picture of us together and bluntly told me it was either `fuck him' or Ricky would find out what a slut I was! So I did. It was cold and loveless but like most guys he didn't care I was totally unresponsive, he just wanted to get off.

Now I was `working' for Jeff he arranged the shoots carefully: The next time I was at the studio I had sex with a white man in his sixties as Jeff shot pictures for the guy to take away with him; at least I was almost unrecognisable in a wig and heavy makeup. Now that was just the first of three men that second week all of whom had sex with me as Jeff took pictures. I suppose that wasn't as bad as what was to come but it was bad enough.

Three weeks after that (I'd had sex with a man in between but hoped Jeff's fascination with me had diminished) I was told to appear at work in some pretty clothes at nine sharp which I did. I then had the worst day of my life:

Alice more or less insisted I took something as `I'd need it' so I did and then the day began. I had sex with three large black men for several hours dressing twice to move to different scenarios; a seduction scene then a rape scene and finally a wedding scene where Alice, dressed as a bridesmaid joined me to help the black men take me before I took my vows. It was sordid and I was left feeling like a degenerate as I had some climaxes during the day including when I had my first ever triple penetration. I saw the videos some time later and they were really graphic and made me disgusted at myself.

After that day I was resigned to doing whatever was asked of me and I did, having sex with a string of men both for their private pleasure and for public consumption in the form of photographs which are published on a number of websites. I guess after about four or five months I `d lost all self respect which was why I allowed Jeff to set me up with a group of men one weekend; Friday to Sunday at a rented house in the country. 

Ricky thought I was off seeing some old university friends but I was simply a sex toy for twelve men who used me almost without a break as they spent their time, golfing or fishing or drinking. I was so full of cum when I finally drove back even the sanitary towel I'd used to catch it all was saturated when I got home. Eventually something had to give and it was Frank.

He'd been visiting me whenever he pleased from that first week on and to be honest I was so past caring that for several months I'd tried to enjoy it which I did most of the time. It was during one of our sex sessions that Ricky appeared and caught us. I was out on the street in minutes as Frank told my husband with glee that we'd been at it for months and he wasn't the only man I was fucking.

I didn't even have the will to argue so simply got in my car and drove to the studio where I located Jeff and told him what happened. I spent that night with Alice and her boyfriend and yes we had sex. After that night she and Jeff set me up with a series of men; giving me a place to stay for a while in return for sex.

I saw Ricky for the last time for ages when he got me to collect my clothes and a few possessions. He quizzed me about what Frank had subsequently told him; namely that I was having sex with a lot of men which I tried to justify but it sounded stupid so he just got me to leave as soon as I could. I spoke to my daughters who while a little better than Jeff were so shocked they couldn't bring themselves to see me either.

The next time I saw Jeff was around a year later. I'd been forced to do a lot of photo shoots organised by Jeff (I was broke) usually with amateur men who got `benefits after' and I also did the occasional escort work. I was a little old but having kept in good shape I was still popular with the urban mum crowd.

One evening he told me that, since I was desperate for money and escort work was going to be limited as I got older he'd got an idea which while in his term wild would help me secure my future.
 
He then told me someone had seen my video with the black guy and wanted to take it to the next stage namely a public breeding session. I laughed about this until Jeff told me he wanted it for real and there was serious money in it if I went along. Now it sounds totally stupid to normal, decent people but after some soul searching I more or less decided I had little choice so told him yes!

The event was actually a string of private parties where men paid three hundred to see me perform with three black `bulls' then got to see me twice again over the next few months with the same men as my belly grew; they also received a video at the end showing highlights of my sessions and disgustingly of me giving birth to a black baby.

They actually sold twenty tickets for each session and there were loads of these sessions. For those who don't really follow this I can tell you there are literally thousands of white men desperate to see white women bred with black men especially if she is a mum and married.

The first day arrived and I appeared in a small white dress and then after masturbating in front of the small crowd I went around sucking off the audience with the help of a couple of others before I lay back and it started. The men were very large and hung and I was fucked aggressively all the while asking them to knock up this married white wife (and I was still married as Ricky had never filed for a divorce).

The first man had a nine inch cock with a huge bell-end and once he worked it into me I was in heaven. His cock stretched me wide and I knew everyone could see my sex clutching tightly to his big cock as he brought to a big climax followed rapidly bu a second. All three came in me and I experienced several more orgasms the last one my thighs shaking as we climaxed together to much whooping of those watching. Then the audience were allowed to come over and wank on me if they wanted which most did.

Anyway I had a session like this twice a week for eight weeks until it was clear I was pregnant then we did it once every two or three weeks until I was seven months gone. I have to confess I enjoyed it a lot as the sex was just great and doing such a nasty thing in front of dozens of strangers was awesome.

It was six weeks in that I saw Ricky. He didn't recognised me at first because he was late arriving and sat down with another man whom it turned out had invited him with most of the others. I was already climaxing on my first cock when we locked eyes and I could resist a grin as he knew I thought him just as big a pervert as I was. "Cum in my married pussy!" I yelled. "My husbands in the audience so he now knows I'm soon going to have a black baby inside me!" I knew he couldn't leave then or the men he was with would know it was his wife so he just sat and watched.

At the end the men came over to wank on me and it was a shock to see Ricky there cock out pumping. I even held it for him and locked eyes again until he came in my open mouth. A day later he phoned me and asked me if I was happy. I told him not really so he then shocked me by asking to see me again. I visited my old home and found the girls there. I cried as I'd not see them either of them for a year. Ricky asked me if I'd come home to stay but told me it was only if I stopped what I was doing. I wanted to but I was already well gone down the breeding route so it was too late now.

That was when he shocked me and told me he told me he would let me see that through only if he could watch me every time until the end; I was stunned. It turned out he'd found my material online and got into my interracial shoots. He didn't know I was the woman being bred when he'd agreed to watch but was very turned on by the whole scene. Especially as he sat watching his fertile wife taking all that black cock and  talking dirty in front of all those men.

So I agreed and Ricky saw me do this eleven times in all, five until I was clearly showing then six more with the return audiences. He even witnessed my baby appear and even more debasing when I sat naked with the infant breastfeeding with the men sitting around drinking and arguing who the father was.

I'd moved back home by then and since the birth I've been the perfect mum to my black son. Ricky and I actually get along fine again, he really missed me and the girls are supportive and once I gave them all the full account of how it happened forgave me. Ricky likes to watch me having sex with a black man usually one of the three who could be Darren's father. I enjoy every inch of those nights!
