I am not a morning person. In fact, I seem to do my best work after the sun goes down. I guess that's why I work past quitting time most nights. I compensate by going in around noon. My boss doesn't mind as long as I complete my assignments on schedule.
I hate the hustle and bustle of the office during the day. The noise is so distracting. After everyone goes home at five, my brain kicks into gear. The quiet and solitude lets me concentrate and I do my best work.
One night, it must have been around nine or ten, I heard the cleaner working her way through the office space - a bit later than usual, I thought to myself.
When she got close to my cube I looked up from where I sat at my desk, and realized it wasn't one of the usual crew. In fact, not only was she not one of the older, rather frumpy looking women I was used to seeing, she was a stunningly fresh and beautiful girl; barely out of her teens, I surmised.
I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I tried not to be too obvious, watching out of the corner of my eye, pretending to work. As she got closer to my cubicle, I became aware of moisture between my legs. I was getting aroused by the beautiful creature!
When she finally entered my cube, I was really on edge.
"Hi. You're new, aren't you... I know all the girls on the cleaning crew," I declared.
"Oh... hello, yes, I just started. I'm afraid I'm running a bit behind schedule... still learning the routine," she responded.
"That's okay, nobody here but me. I'm Joan, by the way," I told her, extending my hand.
Her face lit up with the most beautiful smile.
"Oh, thank you... most people don't talk to the cleaners. I'm Maria," she said, taking my hand in hers.
"You have a beautiful smile, Maria," I said, still holding her hand. Her fingers were soft and warm. I didn't want to let go; her touch was sending little jolts of excitement through my body.
Her smile got bigger.
"Thank you again Miss Joan." She said, still holding my hand.
"In fact, you're just about the prettiest girl I've ever seen," I told her. Her face turned bright red.
"I just love your long hair," I added.
Her black hair was down to her waist, even though it was pulled back into a ponytail.
Just then, she bent down to pick up the wastebasket next to my desk.
I gasped audibly; she froze in place when she heard my sharp intake of breath. Her loose tank top was hanging down as she bent, fully exposing her gorgeous breasts to me - she wasn't wearing a bra. She had large dark areolas and very large nipples. I was riveted... I couldn't move my eyes from them. She followed my gaze downward and saw what had me mesmerized.
"Oh my god, Joan, I'm so sorry..."
"No, no, they're so beautiful... I... I want to touch them so bad..." I blurted out, my voice quivering with excitement.
"Oh my..." she said, then taking my hand again, she guided it under her top to her bare breast. I cupped it lovingly and my heart pounded in my chest. For the first time in my life, I felt faint.
Still bending at the waist, she leaned closer and placed her lips on mine and kissed me tenderly, moaning slightly as I gently squeezed her breast.
I put my other arm around her and pulled her onto my lap, still holding her breast in my other hand. Our kiss became more passionate with tongues dueling and swirling. Our breath mingling, our hearts pounding, then, I felt her pulling my blouse up over my head and my bra straps being pushed down over my arms.
"Oh Joan, they're so beautiful..." she said as her mouth moved down to engulf my nipple and suck it into her mouth. I moaned loudly in ecstasy. My fingers tangled in her beautiful hair, pulling her head closer. Her mouth felt divine as she sucked on my nipples.
I reached down and pulled her tank top up and over her head... we kissed again.
I caressed her lovely tits again, then my hand slid down over her tummy and slipped under the waistband of her shorts and into her panties. The smooth curve of her shaved mound fit my cupped hand perfectly as it moved downward. My fingers found her soft moist crease, then moved down and were lubricated by the flow of slippery secretions oozing from her pussy. My fingers explored and found a velvety soft tunnel to play in; first one, then two fingers pushed inside her. She squirmed and squealed as my fingers slid in and out of her vagina.
Filled with lust for Maria, I lifted her off my lap, and pulled her shorts and panties down her legs. Next, I lifted her up, placing her butt on the edge of my desk. Still sitting in my chair, I rolled forward and buried my face in her sweet pussy. With her legs draped over my shoulders, my tongue ravished her swollen clitoris, swirling around and over it. I heard her raspy voice.
"Oh god yes Joan, just like that... oh fuck yes..." Maria cried out in bliss.
My fingers found their way inside her again, this time three of them. My mouth sucked her clit in, tugging it, moving up and down as if I were sucking a tiny cock. I felt her hand gripping my hair, frantically pulling me into her cunt.
I worked a fourth finger into her tight hole and rammed them all the way into her slick warm vagina. I felt her body jerk in response. Her hips tilted up to accommodate me and a naughty thought occurred to me, so I pulled out a bit and folded my thumb in... I would see if she could take my whole fist.
I pushed in again. As wet as she was, I still found resistance - she needed stretching. I pushed harder - she cried out. Harder still, and slowly my hand began to sink into her luscious body. I kept up the pressure.
"Yes, yes, yes... god yes!"
Then suddenly, my fist plunged into her velvety wet vagina. She screamed.
"Oh fuck oh god yes yes fuck me god damn ahhhh fuuuuuck!"
I marveled at being up past my wrist each time I rammed my fist into her cunt. I felt her cervix at the end of each thrust. Then I pulled part way out and wriggled my fingers over her g-spot, and plunged in again. Over and over.
Maria was leaning back and thrashing about on my desktop. I kept pumping my fist furiously into her stretched out cunt, and when I lowered my mouth again to her clit, and attacked it with my tongue, that, sent her over the edge.
She panted and grunted and her whole body spasmed. I felt her vagina rhythmically squeezing my fist inside her pussy as I continued ramming it in and out of her.
"Oh my god oh my god oh my god..." she chanted over and over as her head trashed from side to side.
A puddle of white creamy cum was forming on my desk as the stuff oozed from her slit and ran down between her ass cheeks. I lapped up as much of her ambrosia as I could, god, it tasted so good.
Finally, she weakly pushed at my arm, still buried in her pulsing cunt.
"Enough... " she panted.
So, I slowly withdrew my arm, then my wrist appeared, then my fist started to emerge and finally it came out with a 'plop' sound. I immediately lapped up more juice from her still drenched pussy.
"God, Joan, that was the best experience of my life. Thank you!"
I stood and bent over her and kissed her long and tenderly.
"Mine, too," I said when I broke off the kiss.
And after a few minutes, Maria was able to sit up. She slid off my desk and pushed me back into my office chair.
"My turn now, baby," she said, as she knelt on the floor before me.
She pulled my short skirt up around my waist and yanked my drenched panties off me, tearing them, I later discovered. She lowered her head between my legs. Her hands pushed my thighs apart - as far as they would go. When her tongue made contact with my clit, I squealed and clapped my hands over my mouth.
Maria proceeded to pretty much duplicate what I had done to her. Though she added a bit of anal play by inserting a finger in my ass as her fingers from her other hand were buried in my cunt. I felt them rubbing together through the flesh that separated my pussy from my colon. It was a first for me and felt marvelous. She fisted me as well, also a first for me. I'd only known of fisting previously from watching porn flicks. God I loved it so much. And my orgasm rivaled hers in intensity. Fortunity, Maria had the foresight to place some cleaning rags under my butt, because when I came, I squirted - also, another first for me. She drank as much of my cum as she could and told me later how sweet it tasted. She even shared some with me which was one of the sexiest things I could remember ever doing. It was so intimate... sharing cum.
"Oh my god, the time!" Maria, exclaimed. "And, I'm not done cleaning... they're gonna fire me for sure."
"Don't worry honey, I'll help you... just tell me what to do." So she did.
We worked frantically and finished her work only a half hour late.
"You're new, they'll chalk it up to inexperience. You'll be just fine," I told her. "But, before you go I need your phone number. And here's mine."
After swapping numbers, we agreed to meet on her day off.
We've been getting together as often as possible until last week, when she moved in with me.
I don't work late so much any more. Maria got a day job. And I want to be there when she comes home from work.