Disclaimer: this is a work of fiction

The morning after - and Anna continues her baby training.

----------------


Emily and Sara woke up an hour later.  They were snuggling, with Sara as Emily's little spoon.  They were covered in shit, diarehha, vomit, piss, snot, all of which was drying rather uncomfortably on their skin.  They looked over at poor little Anna, who had either fallen asleep or passed out.  Her wrists were still hand-cuffed to her bed, and she was asleep in a small puddle of filth.  Her perfect young skin was encrusted with drying filth.  Her hair was plastered to her face in places and she looked as though she had just been abused for several hours whilst having the most magnificent orgasms she had ever experienced in her young life.
	The girls gently unlocked Anna's handcuffs and together carried her into the bathroom.  She must have been exahausted because when she woke up it was late morning the next day and she was laying in a clean bed and she was in clean diapers.  She tried to imagine the events of the night before they were blurry in her mind as if they had been a dream.  As she tried to remember she noticed herself getting horney.  She looked over to make sure the bedroom door was closed and then slipped her hand inside her diapers, massaging her clit until she came into the soft fabric of the plastic disposable diapers.  After catching her breath she got out of bed and wandered downstairs.  She found her sister and Sara in the kitchen, each munching happily on a big bowl of bran cereal.  They both smiled when she walked into the room, glad to see her up and about, afraid that they had hurt her the night before.
	Anna smiled back at them, her pussy still wet from her morning fingering.  "Are you okay sweetie?"  Emily asked with concern in her voice.  Anna nodded as she took a seat.
	"Did you have fun last night?"  Sara asked and she and Emily both held their breath.  Anna thought for a moment, embarrassed to admit that it had been the most wonderful thing in her entire life.  She didn't want to admit that she was a nasty slut who loved to be humiliated by her sister and her sister's lover.  Her cheeks grew red and finally she nodded eagerly and giggled.  Emily and Sara both exhaled in relief and smiled, glad that their plans for the weekend could continue.
	"Oh good!" Emily squeeked as she walked over to the counter and got a bowl out of the cabinet for Anna.  "Bran?" she asked with a smile.
	"Sure."  replied Anna.  Emily put a large bowl filled with bran cereal in front of her little sister, who looked adorable in only a diaper.  Her tits were free and it took all of Emily's power to restrain herself from reaching out and grabbing them.  "Milk?" Anna asked as Emily gave her a spoon. 
	"Oh, yes, I think we still have some from your bottle from yesterday"  It wasn't until Emily was walking towards her with the bottle that Anna's heart stopped and her stomach started rumbeling.  The bottle was not filled with milk, but with diarehha, vomit, piss, god only knows.  It was filth that the two girls had rescued from Anna's bed last night before cleaning up.  Emily unscrewed the top and dumped the contents onto Anna's cereal.  It landed on the dry flakes with a splat that made Anna's stomach churn.  She loved being humiliated with this filth, but the thought of eating this mess made her sick.  
	"Well?" said Sara, "eat up."  The girls watched with wide eyes as Anna dipped her spoon into the mess.  The urine had soaked into the flakes and was moistening them nicely so as to be edible.  She closed her eyes and brought a large spoonful up to her mouth.  The smell was horrific, and made her wretch before she had even tasted it.  She took a minute, swallowed the vomit that was making it's way up her throat, and made a plan.  She was sure the only way to get through this would be to do it as fast as possible.  She took a deep breath and shoved the mess into her mouth.  It was too mushy to chew so she just swallowed.  It was futile however for the next second after she swallowed, it was back in her bowl, along with a torrent of vomit.  She gagged and coughed over her bowl.  
	It took Anna quite a while to finish her breakfast.  Most of it found its way to her stomach a couple times before finally staying there.  When she was finally done both Emily and Sara gave her a small round of applause.  Okay.  You can go play in the living room while your mommy and I go get ready to go to the mall.  Anna briefly wondered why they were going to leave her alone at home, but didn't say anything as she thought it would be a good chance to sneak some real food.  Little did she know that she would soon be making her public debut as a baby - a very messy baby.