Naive Teacher In Winston
by potatoHead42

Naive Teacher In Winston Ch. 03

Upskirt, kisses, moaning and Sex Ed class.

Day 2 -- Tuesday

Morning

The sun shines bright as Dennis' alarm goes off indicating it was time for the couple to wake up.

Dressed in just a short robe with a pink slip underneath, Lana goes to the kitchen to prepare breakfast. She cooks scrambled eggs, toasts a couple sourdough slices and puts on a fresh batch of dark coffee.

The young fiancee didn't have time to reminisce about the previous day, she just went into cooking-mode to get everything done for her lover. The teacher is just finishing putting the food on the table when Dennis shows up, ready for work.

"Thanks for breakfast, hun! Can you please do me a favor and get me the mail? I am waiting for some important documents, and I can't be late for work." - asks her husband-to-be.

"Erm, I am not wearing much... what if the neighbors see?" - whispers a worried Lana.

"Hahaha, you are covered enough, besides, it's hot outside so it doesn't matter. Thanks babe!" - Dennis replies, digging into the food. "This is delicious, you are amazing!" - he compliments.

Feeling giddy with her fiancee's encouragement, she walks to the front door to pick the mail. She glances quickly at herself in the mirror on the way out. She frowns.

Her robe is short, stopping about a hand above her knees, and her slip is shorter still, not going much further than the bottom of her bubble butt. The robe is not tightly shut as her big breasts won't allow for full closure, giving anyone a nice view of the top of her slip and the slight transparency it provides. You can distinctly discern the upper part of her tits through the sheer fabric.

'I am not decent... ugh... I'll be quick, Dens said it was okay.' - she thinks.

She opens the door and quickly walks towards the mailbox, all the way at the sidewalk. She collects everything inside without looking. Lana is already halfway back to her porch when Jack's door opens.

"Morning, neighbor! Nice and sunny today, huh!" - the overweight neighbor greets with a wave.

"M-morning, Jack. Listen, I have to go..." - Lana starts to explain.

"I just remembered, my wife Lilly and our son Evan are out of town at her parent's this week, but they told me they really want to meet you." - he interrupts her.

"Oh, that is nice, I didn't know you were a dad!" - she says, feeling more trusting of Jack. "I want to meet them too, when are they back?" - she asks the balding neighbor.

"Friday, so a few more days. Come here, let me show you a photo..." - he waves at her to come.

The naive Lana is feeling a little self-conscious due to her outfit but knowing that Jack is married helps set her mind at ease.

The wife-to-be crosses the imaginary line that divides their properties and walks towards his porch. He holds his phone up, motioning for her to stand next to him.

"Look, isn't Evan so handsome? Smart too!" - he says proudly.

She sees the photo of a smiling young kid next to a woman in her late 30s, who looks exhausted.

"Indeed, he is a cutie patootie. How old is he?" - she asks, intrigued.

"Just turned five last month!" - the neighbor beams with satisfaction.

"Oh, I am looking forward to meeting them soon." - she replies. His face lights up at that remark.

"Brilliant idea! We can take some photos now and I can send it to them, that way they get to meet you." - he says matter-of-factly.

"Oh, sure, that seems reasonable. We just have to hurry; I need to bring Denn..." - she starts to explain.

"Okay, okay, come closer...." - he says, opening his arms and putting his hand behind her shoulders. "Smile!" - he says taking a couple photos.

Jack looks at them and makes a sour face.

"What is wrong with the photos?" - she asks curiously.

"Too many clothes, can't really see you clearly. Can you open your robe? They need to get to know you well!" - he insists.

"O-open my r-robe?" - says Lana, taken aback by the request. "Is it necessary?" - she asks unsure.

"Of course! How else are they supposed to get to know you? It's harmless, we're both wearing sleeping clothes." - motions him to his tank top and small shorts.

She looks at his clothes for the first time and notices a big bulge on his small shorts. They seem more like underwear than pajama shorts. They even have a flap that is slightly agape.

Lana starts to feel a little excited by the thought of Jack's bulge.

"R-right... we are..." - she hesitantly agrees. He looks at her expectantly.

She unties the knot on her robes and it falls open. Not much extra is showing, except now it's easier to have an idea of the shape and size of her ample breasts and have an unobstructed view at her creamy thick thighs.

"Perfect! Lilly will love these!" - says Jack putting his arm around her again and taking a ton of selfies.

The balding man keeps slightly moving and turning while making different faces. The naive fiancee follows his lead.

Suddenly, Jack stops taking photos and looks down at himself. His arm is still ready to take more selfies.

"Oops, don't look!" - he says with a grin.

Lana instinctively looks down and sees that the flap of his shorts is open, the head of his penis poking out slightly. The dark red is a clear contrast against his underwear.

She holds her breath, feeling herself blush profusely. She can't take her eyes away. It's the first piece of a penis she sees in person.

Her nipples harden, her mouth is agape, and she starts to feel warmth between her legs. She stays quiet, fascinated by the sight.

Not missing the opportunity, Jack starts to take a ton of photos. The teacher's poky nipples are obvious on the photos, making a distinct mark on her robe, as well as her red cheeks and head tilted down. It's clear to anyone looking that she is staring at his big dick poking out.

He smirks looking at the innocent young fiancee admiring his penis. He is proud of his thick 7.5 inches when hard, but right now it's soft and she still seems impressed.

Her mind races while Jack takes pictures.

'Oh my god, a peepee... well you can't really call that a peepee, it's more like a penis. So manly. What I am thinking.... It is so big.... No wonder his bulge is huge. Hopefully Denn's is as nice and large. I mean, it didn't feel as big, but maybe. If I touched Jack's I could compare. I mean, I wouldn't, I have Dennis... Right... Oh no.... I am staring. Lana, stop it! Stop looking at the big penis.'

"Last photo... and done!" - he announces. "What's wrong dear?" - he asks.

Lana is looking at him bewildered.

"Y-your p-penis is out..." - she says embarrassed while pointing at it.

"Oops, my bad. Thanks, dear, for the heads up, we wouldn't want anyone to see it right?" - he says, not moving and leaving it exposed.

"No..." - she whispers.

"Unless you want to see it again, of course. I can show you another time." - he says happily, trusting his hips very slightly.

"Oh... erm...it's still out!" - she stammers.

He laughs and adjusts his underwear.

"Better now?" - he asks. "Thanks for the photos! They will love it. I'll send you some too. Bye now and have a good day!" - he turns and goes inside, not waiting for an answer.

"H-have a good day!" - she says before the door closes.

*****

She stays there for a second, regaining her composure. What had happened. Why did she think that? What was wrong with her? Maybe it was something she ate. She had seen a real-life penis and it had been so close to her.

Her mind keeps wandering when she hears the door to her house open. She looks at it startled.

"Babe? What is taking so long?" - asks Dennis worriedly.

"Oh, sorry, I was just talking to Jack. Here is the mail." - she says, handing him the pile of letters.

"Too late now, can you take them inside? I have to go. Why is your robe open?" - he asks. She blushes. "Never mind, I'm almost late. Have a good day, babe!" - he gives her a peck and leaves with his bags.

"Have a good day, Dens!" - she says absentmindedly.

After he leaves, the busty fiancee goes back inside, still flushed and with her heart beating a hundred miles per hour. She starts to clean up and get ready for work, but all she can think about is Jack's penis. Needless to say, she didn't get much done that morning.

As she is putting some clothes away, she receives a message from Mary Hunter, her colleague, asking Lana to join her for lunch at the school cafeteria. Noon sharp. She agrees.

She puts on a long sleeve blue blouse and a skirt, foregoing the tights and jacket from the day prior, as requested by Principal Bill. She opts for yellow lacy panties and a matching cotton bra.

As she is about to leave, she receives a message from an unknown number.

Message -- 11:30 -- Jack

* Jack -- Hi Lana, this is Jack. Got your number with the school, hope you don't mind.

* Lana -- Hi Jack, I don't mind, it's all good.

* Jack -- Just wanted to send you some of the best photos of this morning. Have a good day! :)

He sends her about 5 photos. Looking at the first she still has her robe closed and is posing next to Jack. Looks nice, although she could have done without seeing the top of her breasts.

The second and third are from after she opened the robe. Lana blushes seeing the photos, as you could clearly make out the inside of her breasts hidden by the semi-transparent slip and her thighs, exposed for all the world to see. She starts to feel hot.

Lana wasn't ready for the last 2. On them she could clearly see herself admiring and ogling the tip of Jack's big penis. Her mouth was agape, and you could make out her pokies on her robe. She never felt so horny in her life before, here she was drooling over another man's penis in a photo.

She stares at the photos for a good 20 minutes, when she suddenly glances at the time and remembers the lunch appointment with Mary. She rushes out the door to school.

*****

Interlude --- Winston Secret Chat Group

"Oh lads, I hit the jackpot this morning..." - says Jack, sending a ton of photos from their 'session'.

"Nice!" "Gross dude, I can see your dirty dick!" "Oh, her slip is sexy af..." "Her boobs are huge!" "You can see them through the blouse!" "Fuck me!" "She is hungry for some diiiick..."

"Lol, enjoy!" - says Jack.

*****

School -- Lunch

Lana quickly makes her way to the school, trying to avoid as many people as possible. She arrives just in time. The teacher sighs, relieved, she didn't want to be late for lunch with her new friend.

The buxom beauty enters the school and makes her way to the corridor left from the entrance. She enters the first set of doors, marked "Cafeteria".

She promptly sees Mary on a table and makes her way there. Lots of students admire her as she passes. The table has a sign labeled "Teachers".

"Hi Mary! Hopefully I am not too late." - says a tired Lana, breathing hard.

"Hi Lana! Not at all, I just sat down. Let's go grab food." - Mary says, getting up from her chair and guiding Lana towards the line.

Lana can't help but admire her new friend: Mary is well dressed, stunningly pretty, with long blonde hair and seems to behave with proper manners. Lana is glad to have her around to show her the ropes.

All the students call Mary a MILF behind her back, as she always has a nice cleavage, exhibiting her fake C-cup boobs, and wears tight skirts that accentuate her shapely ass. She has an air of professionalism mixed with strong sexual vibes.

"How does the food work here?" - the new teacher asks.

"You go around to the 'food stations' and pick up whatever you want and put it on your tray. It's all free, covered by the town, however, in the end you have to go to the cashier so they can register your ID and what you got." - Mary quickly explains.

"Sounds good, I am hungry!" - says the naive fiancee.

They make their way through the stations and both teachers pick some stuff out, like a couple salads, some fruits and some yogurts. They line up at the cashier to register the items. Lana is the last in line.

There are about 10 students in front of them and the line is moving very slowly. Apparently the front student forgot their ID and they are discussing it with the old lady, who is operating the cashier station. She looks like a grandma around 60 years old.

After a couple minutes waiting, Lana hears a voice from behind her.

"Hey, teach, how is it going? Hi mom!" - says a young voice to both women. Lana looks behind and sees Lukas Hunter, her student.

"Right, I forgot Mary is your mommy!" - says an amused Lana.

"What's wrong with that?" - asks Lukas, sensing the amusement on Lana's voice.

"I didn't mean anything by it.... Mary... help me out..." - says the teacher looking at her colleague for help.

Mary snickers at the situation but doesn't intervene.

"I will show you!" - says Lukas.

He suddenly holds the bottom of Lana's skirt and lifts it up, wrapping it around the waistband. The front stays in place. Her lacy yellow panties come into view as well as her big creamy butt.

This happened quickly, but for the defenseless young teacher it felt like she could see it happening in slow motion. She screamed with surprise.

Due to the loud screech, everyone in the cafeteria turned to look at her exposed ass and panties. Lots of laughter and shouts could be heard from the students.

"Wooo!" "Nice ass" "What a huge butt" "Sexyyyy" "Take 'em off!" "Sluuut"

Lana was paralyzed, she didn't want to drop her tray and make a mess, but the entire school was seeing her bum and underwear.

They were seeing her in a way that even Dennis, her future husband, had barely seen her.

It was only her second day, and here she was, showing all the students her butt. She started to feel hot, wetness forming between her legs, in her secret place.

The desperate teacher looked at Mary, who was still snickering and then at Lukas, who grinned and bolted from the cafeteria.

Lana could hear phones going off and people taking photos and videos. She started to panic slightly.

"Mary, help me!" - pleads Lana, moving a little trying to untuck her skirt, in vain.

She mostly twisted and turned as her hands were busy with the food tray. This caused the opposite effect, as her plump booty was basically shaking lewdly to the young horny eyes of the students.

Mary approaches her and touches the top of her skirt.

"I am trying... he did a good job, stay still!" - barks Mrs. Hunter to the naive teacher. "Turn this way, let me analyze it. Don't move." - she orders.

Mary turns Lana towards the students, giving them an even better view of her juicy ass and her lacy panties. Lana is conflicted, she is feeling embarrassed but horny at the same time.

'Oh, goodness... what is happening, everyone is ogling me... not proper...I am a bad teacher.' - she thinks.

Mary starts fiddling with her waistband and makes a frustrated sound.

"He tucked them in your panties, I will have to lower them a bit to free your skirt." - says Mary nonchalantly.

"B-but... you can't... in front of everyone..." - stammers Lana. Her coochie twitches at the thought.

"It's the only way. It's fine, it's just the students, no big deal." - reasons Mary.

Her new friend doesn't wait for an answer and pulls Lana's yellow panties halfway down her plump ass. Mary stops, deciding not to push her colleague too much. This time.

Lana shrieks but doesn't move. She feels her heart thumping in her chest.

"Wow, your booty is huge Lana. Tell me the secrets of your bubble butt later, dear." - says Mary sounding a bit flirty. She winks slyly at the students watching the scene.

Lana blushes and knows that everyone in the cafeteria has a perfect view of half her butt without any panties. Naked. Her breath quickens and her mind races.

'Oh my... everyone is seeing my bum... without panties... I am getting so wet thinking about it. Am I enjoying this? It can't be, it is probably just embarrassment. Yeah... that is it. No... I am as hot as when I saw Jack's penis this morning... it was nice... maybe he would like my butt. What am I thinking? Stop... hmm... Maybe I can ask Dennis to touch me tonight? Yeah, maybe... ok. Stop it, Lana! Stop getting excited... control yourself!'

Mary finally finishes fixing her skirt. As she releases the skirt, she gives Lana's booty a huge slap that resonates loudly throughout the cafeteria.

The newbie teacher is at last covered, her indecent exposure ending, much to the chagrin of the horny audience. Multiple people recorded the whole incident, including the ass slap.

"Ow!" - complains Lana about the slap.

"Sorry, couldn't resist." - apologizes Mary.

"It's o-okay..." - whispers the young teacher sheepishly.

"Also, sorry for my son's pranks." - her new friend apologizes. "Now let's go eat our lunches."

"N-no problem, b-boys will be boys I guess... r-right?" - Lana says, laughing a little and paraphrasing Dennis. "Thanks for the help." - she adds.

They go through the cashier and sit down at the table. During their lunch, lots of students come by and compliment Lana on her big/juicy/bubble/round/fat ass. Lots of different adjectives were used.

Mary authoritatively insists Lana thanks them for the compliments, so, upon her attentive gazes, the naive teacher thanks each student, blushing every time.

Some students even call her a Pawg, she would have to ask someone about that one later.

The two teachers talk about their interests, books and shows they watch. They exchange phone numbers, as Mary promises to send her some tips for good books she could find in the School Library.

Lana has a good feeling about her new friendship, Mary seems nice.

They make their way to the Staff Room to drop their belongings, and then to their respective classrooms to start the afternoon period.

*****

Afternoon -- Homeroom

Her students start to arrive a few minutes before the bell. She hugs every single one of them without a second thought. Lana was indeed getting used to the contact.

Lukas was the last one to come in and he smiles at her mischievously. His blue eyes sparkling with a playful glint.

Class was uneventful, with the students spending most of the time working on their term assignments, which would encompass every class and every subject into one long paper. Lana just lets her mind wander about the incidents of the day and helps the students with their questions when required.

A few minutes before class ends, Andrew puts his hand up and calls the teacher.

"Miss Cox, can you explain this to me and to the whole class?" - he inquires, lending her his phone.

She picks it up and looks at it, slightly shocked.

"Well... errm... isn't that the custom here? To give men above sixty, a kiss?" - she asks, embarrassed and confused. She hadn't realized people had taken photos of the moment.

"Indeed, I have a photo of you kissing my grandfather Dick, and also my uncle Bill, the Principal." - he states.

"O-oh, I didn't know you were from the Winston-Phillips family. Thanks for everything?" - she says a bit confused.

"Yes, yes..." - he dismisses. "Miss Cox, you have kissed two men from my family, but not us!" - he says, with fake outrage.

"Why would I kiss you? You are my student!" - responds the teacher, even more confused.

"Well, you said it yourself yesterday, we are practically family. Or were you lying? - he questions.

"Y-yes, I said that... it is true, we should treat each other like family during this year." - she answers submissively.

"So, you are okay with kissing two men from my family, but not your own family?" - he continues.

"But you are my students, I shouldn't kiss you!" - she argues back.

"You remember what Bill said, right? Bonding between teachers and students is encouraged!" - he states.

"I remember..." - she answers sheepishly.

"We know you want to make a good impression, so you wouldn't want my uncle to be aware that you refused to bond with your students, right?"- he asks with authority.

"N-no, I wouldn't want that..." - she agrees.

"And I also assume your fiancee values his job at my grandfather's company." - he says calmly.

"He does. I guess it can't be helped..." - she says reluctantly.

"Great! So, from now on, we can greet and say goodbye with kisses." - he concludes. "My uncle, Principal Bill, will be proud. I'll tell him how well you are doing." - he says patronizingly.

"T-thanks Andrew, I appreciate it." - says the naive teacher, agreeing to the deal.

"You are welcome, and since we are family, we should exchange kisses, it is more appropriate and intimate than a one-sided kiss." - he says.

"R-right. I guess it makes sense." - she accepts.

All this talk of kissing her students was taking an effect on poor Lana, you could clearly see her hard nipples making an imprint on her blouse. She was subconsciously getting excited again.

The bell rings, signaling the end of classes for today. Clubs would start the following week.

Andrew takes the initiative. He stands, gathers his things and approaches the teacher. He points to his cheek. The boy is almost a foot taller than the buxom beauty, so she must stand on her tippy toes to kiss him. He whispers, 'my turn' and bends over, giving her a big smooch on the cheek, dangerously close to the lips. Andrew smiles elegantly and leaves.

Chloe records the transaction from the front row and immediately shares it with the class messaging group. The volleyball team's captain follows her boyfriend's lead and exchanges kisses next.

Each student, one by one, comes to the front of the class and quickly trades kisses with their willing teacher before leaving. Jim is the last one, and Lana feels him brush her nipples when leaving. Glancing down, she realizes how much they were aching. She was horny and needed relief.

Lana chastises herself for feeling this way, she should know how to control herself better. This was not proper behavior.

She gathers her belongings and makes her way home.

*****

On the way home, she can't help but daydream about the events of the day... Jack's big penis in front of her eyes, the whole school seeing her exposed almost-naked butt and panties, and kissing her students on the cheek. And she would have to keep kissing them from now on.

What would Dennis say? What would Dennis say... I guess she would have to tell him.

*****

Night

Lana tidies up the house and prepares dinner for Dennis. During dinner, the loving couple talks about their respective days at work.

"Ugh, Lucius rode me hard today, he is so tough." - complains Dennis.

"Sorry to hear that Dens, I had lunch with Mary today, Lucius' wife, she is nice." - comments the pretty fiancee.

"That is good, I like that you are bonding with her. Maybe we can go out this weekend." - he says. "Anything interesting like yesterday happened?" - he asks, visibly curious.

"W-well... yes..." - says Lana, who proceeds to tell him all that happened today. Everything except for her morning interaction with Jack, she wouldn't want him to worry about it.

"Wow! So, everyone saw your butt and panties? Fascinating." - he comments, intrigued.

"Y-yeah, it was embarrassing. I am mad at Lukas." - she states.

"Ah don't worry babe; it was probably an innocent prank. Boys, ya know?" - he says shrugging.

"Yes, but what about the kissing?" - she asks, worried her husband is upset.

"Kissing makes sense, the students are important. Also, I am glad you did it, you are helping me. Andrew is Mr. Winston-Phillips' grandson and Lukas is Lucius' son, we need to please them." - says Dennis, clearly only worried about his job.

"If you say so... so you don't mind?" - she asks, a little shocked but also excited.

"Mind? No! Go ahead! It's just an innocent kiss on the cheek, it's great. I am glad you are bonding with everyone. This is our new home; we need to adapt." - he says happily.

They finish dinner and get ready for bed. They turn off the lights and Dennis approaches his wife.

"Babe... do you want to fool around a bit? I got a bit worked up with our dinner conversation..." - he whispers in her ear.

"Okay... just this once, and I hope you can reciprocate the favor, I am also a bit hot." - she says.

It's fully dark, but she can see Dennis fumbling with his pants. He guides her hand to his member.

"Your peepee is so hot and hard..." - she whispers embarrassedly.

He proudly trusts it in her hand. She starts to move her hand up and down his shaft, giving him a handjob while her mind wanders.

'Oh wow... it's so hard... but it's not very big... at least it doesn't feel like it... Jack's seems bigger and thicker. Wait, I wouldn't know. Maybe it's the same size, yes, probably. Next time I'll ask to leave the lights on. Oh, I am getting excited, hopefully Dens touches me too, I haven't let him do that before, but maybe it's time. I need it and I shouldn't do it myself, only my fiancee should. I am so wet...'

Dennis, on the other hand, no pun intended, is in heaven. He can barely think. He loves her so much and the feeling of Lana touching his penis has him in ecstasy.

"I am coming...ngggh..." - he announces, coming onto her hand and his shirt.

She cleans it up with a Kleenex and gets up to throw it out and wash her hands in the bathroom. She enjoyed this more than the last time, maybe due to all the recent events slowly corrupting her innocent mind.

In less than a minute she comes back to bed, and her future husband is already fully asleep. She tries to wake him up to no avail.

Frustrated and extremely horny, Lana turns to her side and attempts to sleep. Once again, her dreams are filled with nothing but sexual situations.

*****

Interlude --- Winston Secret Chat Group

Needless to say, the group chat was flooded with photos from Lana's ass incident and also from the classroom kissing.

AUTHOR'S NOTE:from now on, I will omit this sequence unless there is something important, like a new plan or foreshadowing. Thanks!

*****

Day 3 -- Wednesday

Early Morning

Dennis' alarm goes off extremely early. He hops out of bed and showers quickly. By the time Lana is up, Dennis is almost ready to leave for work.

"Bye hun, I need to be there early for a meeting, I'll get breakfast at work! Love you." - he says, giving her a peck on the lips and leaving.

He is not 2 minutes out the door when Lana's phone lights up with a message.

Message -- 07:12 -- LukTTT

* LukTTT -- Hi teach!

* Lana -- Hello, who is this?

* LukTTT -- It's Lukas Hunter, got your number from my mom.

* Lana -- Hi Lukas, what can I do for you?

* LukTTT -- Just wanted to apologize for lunch yesterday, it wasn't very nice. Sorry.

* Lana -- Thanks, apology accepted.

* LukTTT -- Sorry that I showed your big ass to everyone. I didn't mean it.

* Lana -- It's okay, see you at school.

* LukTTT -- See ya teach!

Still a little upset at the incident, she starts to get ready for school. After her shower she notices she has a new message from Lukas with a photo.

She opens it and her jaw drops. On her screen is a big hard dick, it must be at least 8 inches and very hard. She could see the angry and bulbous head, and all the slight veins in the shaft.

For Lana's inexperienced mind, this penis is huge, bordering unreal. After all, she had never seen a real penis before, only in Biology books/classes and Jack's, but his member wasn't erect.

She couldn't take her eyes off her phone and was starting to have obscene thoughts when a new message popped up on her screen.

Message -- 07:40 -- LukTTT

* LukTTT -- Oops! Sorry teach, this wasn't for you lol. It was for a girl in class 2-A.

* Lana -- Ah it's okay, I will delete it.

* LukTTT -- No need, you can keep it, you already saw my dick. No harm, no foul.

* Lana -- Question... is this your real penis?

* LukTTT -- Lol, yeah sorry again. Decided to take advantage of my morning wood :).

* Lana -- I see, okay... see you in class.

* LukTTT -- Bye teach, enjoy the cock lol.

Not wanting to be late, she closes the messaging app and finishes getting ready, 'forgetting' to delete the photo. At least the prim and proper part of her did, the horny part knew what she was doing.

She puts on a long sleeve yellow blouse and a skirt, with simple cotton pink panties and a bra. She didn't even think about tights or a jacket. She grabs a travel mug with coffee and leaves for work.

The young teacher is thankful that she doesn't run into Jack and his fat penis. She means Jack, just Jack. No penis.

*****

Morning -- Bio

The naive fiancee arrives a bit early for the lesson, giving her plenty of time to prepare. She drops some stuff at the Staff Room and makes her way to her classroom, stopping by the bathroom first.

She chooses the stall on the right and starts to pee. Suddenly she hears soft moaning coming from the adjacent stall. There are also some wet sounds paired with the moans.

'Is someone masturbating?' - thinks Lana blushing.

The sounds continue obscenely, echoing through the bathroom tiles.

Lana finishes her business and silently leaves her stall, but curiosity gets the best of her. She decides to take a quick peek. She peeps through the door slit.

Inside, her shy student Evie is clearly masturbating. She is naked from the waist down and her legs are spread wide open. One hand is rubbing her sex while the other hand is touching her clitoris.

'Evie? Oh, my... who knew she was so libidinous... she seems so innocent. I bet she is a little pervert.' - she reflects, her nipples hardening.

Like Jack and Lukas' penis, Lana had never seen a live vagina before. Not even hers, she never properly looked, always a little scared and embarrassed by it. Now there it was, in all its glory, her student's cooch, being rubbed raw in front of her.

Lana couldn't help but admire and look. Evie had trimmed black pubic hair on top of her mounds and was hairless everywhere else. Her cute coochie was a couple shades darker than her white skin, but still pretty, with small outer lips and a rosy tone. Lana starts to feel horny herself, her mind racing again.

'This is hot... maybe I should do this tonight... Dens didn't have the energy to touch me... maybe I should masturbate again... I am feeling so aroused... look at her coochie is so wet... and her clitoris is clearly excited. Oh my, how strongly she is rubbing it... ah... so lewd...'

Her thoughts are suddenly interrupted by the bathroom door opening. A couple girls walk in chatting, approaching the sinks. Looking like a deer in the headlights, the teacher bolts to the door and leaves.

*****

By the time class is supposed to start, Lana has already composed herself.

She greets the students by exchanging kisses on their cheeks. She furiously blushes when kissing Lukas, vividly seeing his big penis on her mind.

When is time to kiss Evie, she blushes even harder if you can believe it! The teacher smells a bit of musk in the air, coming from the naughty little minx.

"Hello everyone! It is time to start Bio." - she says excitedly.

She notices that most of the students are frowning a bit or don't seem enthusiastic.

"Oh, don't worry! This is not your usual Biology, we will start with Sex Ed and Anatomy for half of the year, so hold on to your butts! That is right, I said BUTTS!" - she continues even more excited.

Lots of woos and yays could be heard, mainly from Chloe and the TTT boys.

"So, I wrote on the board the lesson plans for the next few months, take a look." - she says, pointing at the board.

She reads them out loud.

'* Part 1) Puberty -- what is happening

* Part 2) Anatomy -- bodies, external and internal genitalia

* Part 3) Sex Hormones -- hormones and hormone level

* Exam -- practical and oral

* Part 4) External fluids -- menstrual cycle and ejaculation

* Part 5) Intercourse

* Part 6) Baby -- embryonic development, breastfeeding and baby development

* Final Exam'

The immature students 'wooed', 'awed' and snickered at every word. Especially when she said sex, oral and ejaculation.

"These are important things. We will spend some time on each topic, in order." - she explains. "Puberty will be the quickest, as most of you already finished going through it, so I expect to cover it all today during our double periods. Pay lots of attention that this will all be important for your initial Exam, understood?" - she asks.

"Yes, Miss Lana!" - says the class in unison.

During the rest of the morning, Lana goes into a boring and pragmatic explanation of puberty and all that happens to the human body. Textbook stuff, not very exciting. Most of the students were bored, but still taking notes, since they took their studies abnormally seriously.

The end of the morning was quickly approaching, so the teacher decides to start the final exercise.

"Now to finish class for the morning, one by one, I want you to come to the board and write 3 words related to puberty and what we discussed today. Jim, you go first." - explains the teacher.

In turn, the students come to the board and write some words. Lana reads them out loud and quickly explains them. Only Benjamin is left.

"Very good Chloe, breasts, pubic hair and erections are all good examples we discussed today." - says the teacher pragmatically.

Benjamin goes to the board and snickers after writing his 3 words.

"R-right... let me see... 'Hard Cock'... well, that is slang for an erect penis. V-very good. N-next is Anal, which is the act of having sexual intercourse through ones' anus... thanks Benjamin, we may discuss this in the future." - the teacher says.

"Love me some fine ass!" - yells Wyatt from the back. Everyone laughs.

"Continuing... the last one is... t-titfuck... erm...you also wrote titjob underneath I see... well..." - stammers the teacher, embarrassed for saying such foul words.

"What is that teacher?" - asks Jim innocently.

'Ugh, what I am doing' - asks Lana to herself. "Erm... a titfuck or a titjob, is a sexual act involving the male genitalia and the female breasts." - she tries to explain.

"How come?" - inquires Evie curiously.

"Oh, well... the female envelopes the erect penis with her breasts and masturbates it, using her breasts to make rhythmic motions." - the buxom teacher explains, painfully aware of her own boobs.

"But you need big boobies to do that!" - chimes in Chloe. Evie frowns.

"Are we going to talk about this? Also, call me BJ." - asks Benjamin with a grin.

"S-sure BJ, we may discuss it during part 5, intercourse." - clarifies the teacher.

"Okay! I will hold you to that." - tells him devilishly.

Lana gets a little excited by the event, as the students can clearly see by her hard nipples poking her blouse. All that titfucking talk made her slightly turned on.

At this moment the alarm sounds to signal the end of the class.

"See you all this afternoon for the practical Lab!" - announces the teacher.

The students all leave in a hurry to grab lunch.

*****

Lunch - School

Lana makes her way to the Staff Room, deciding to eat her lunch at her desk. She made herself a veggie sandwich that morning.

During lunch she gets a message from Mary.

Message -- 12:15 -- Mary Hunter

* Mary -- I have a book to recommend! I left it with Flora, the Librarian.

* Lana -- Oh thanks! Will get it right away.

* Mary -- Enjoy ;)

Without a second though, she finishes her sandwich and makes her way to the library, which wasn't far from the Staff Room.

She enters and is immediately amazed by the sheer size. The library is huge for such a small town. Lots of students and even some adults are going about, and some are on the tables reading and studying.

The teacher approaches the central counter where a woman in her early 30s stands, she is wearing the classic librarian attire with thick rimmed glasses.

"You must be Flora?" - Lana asks.

"Yes indeed, you must be Lana Cox? Mary said you were stopping by." - the librarian replies.

"I am, nice to meet you. Mary mentioned you had something set aside for me?" - the teacher asks.

"I do, and I must say, good taste. I really enjoyed it, I feel like you will like it." - she says with a sly smile, handing her the book.

"Thank you! I will return it soon." - she says, grabbing the book and leaving without even looking at it.

She goes back to the Staff Room, sits down on her desk and looks at the cover.

It reads "Tutoring the Delinquent by Jessa Kane". Apparently, it was a steamy romance between the quiet campus genius and the college football troublemaker.

The buxom Lana blushes, the novel is clearly erotica.

'Oh, goodness... now Flora knows I am reading smut books, it does not seem appropriate for a teacher to be doing this... let me ask Mary.' - she decides.

She messages her new friend, asking how the library had these kinds of books and why did she assume she would like it. No response.

Once again, beaten by her own curiosity, Lana opens a random page and starts to read. It is erotica indeed. And she opened it right in the middle of a sex scene. She reads a few words and quickly closes the book and looks around the room, as someone who got caught doing something they shouldn't have.

The newbie teacher stuffs the book in her purse and decides to talk to Mary later about it. She wasn't going to read it. Of course not. She was just going to ask her colleague and then give it back to the library. Secretly, she was very intrigued by the book.

She finishes preparing her materials and makes her way to the classroom. Mary replies saying she will explain it better tomorrow during lunch.

*****

Afternoon -- Bio Lab

The students start trickling in and Lana greets them with the now customary kiss exchange.

Once they are all settled, the teacher launches into a quick recap of that morning's class, Puberty and body changes. After finishing she introduces the next topic of the course.

"Okay class now is time for some practical aspects. Please, I need a male and a female volunteer?" - asks the busty educator.

Chloe, the cheery, gorgeous and sexy captain of the volleyball puts her hand up. Lana points at her.

"Me and Drew will do it!" - she says excitedly.

Andrew sighs with exasperation.

"Okay, come up to the front of the class and stand on each side of me." - instructs the teacher. "Jim, can you take notes for them? Thanks!" - she asks, and the ginger boy nods shyly.

"What are we doing, Miss Cox?" - inquiries Andrew.

"Chloe and Andrew, I will use your bodies to point and demonstrate better some of the things I explained earlier. Is that okay?" - she explains.

They both nod agreeably.

Lana embarks into another series of explanations, pointing all the signals of puberty on each student, giving examples and answering questions.

Even though it's a very sexual subject in nature, the students take the lesson surprisingly serious and not a lot of throw away questions are asked. Lana is very impressed with them.

Of course, this didn't last long, not with the prankster class.

Halfway through the class, once Lana finishes her initial barrage of information, she gets ready to end the puberty topic, asking her students for the final round of questions.

"Any more questions? If not, I can dismiss Chloe and Andrew." - informs the teacher.

Wyatt put his hand up. She points at him.

"Miss Lana, I think I got most things, but I still don't understand the boobs. I have boobs too, it doesn't make sense, can you explain more?" - he says sounding confused.

She nods and again explains the female breasts, their high-level use and how they develop during puberty.

"Hmm, I still don't get it. I don't think they are real." - he turns to the class. "My cousin Munchy told me that girls put socks in their bras, so whack." - he says.

Everyone laughs. Lana is slightly annoyed at her pupil.

"No, they don't Wyatt." - says the teacher with exasperation.

"I don't believe you! Munchy is not a liar, he's a manager at a store!" - protests Wyatt.

"You can't call a gas station a store!" - mocks BJ.

Everyone laughs and Wyatt punches him jokingly.

"Well, maybe he just tricked you..." - suggests the naive fiancee.

Seeing a golden opportunity, Lukas interrupts Lana.

"You are calling his cousin a liar, teach? You said you were going to be open and honest with us, and now you say this to my boy?" - he asks, feigning indignation.

"W-what does that have to do with..." - she tries to explain.

"Miss Cox, I think the only reasonable way to prove your point is to remove your blouse and show us that you don't have any socks on your bra." - Andrew says with authority.

"That seems senseless... I can't do that... again... you are my students..." - protests Lana.

"I guess Munchy was right! She has socks on her boobs!" - teases Wyatt.

Everyone laughs at the buxom teacher.

"No, I don't!" - Lana replies, frustrated.

"Prove it!" - teases Lukas.

BJ starts to chant 'prove it' slowly, and soon all the students are chanting 'prove it' together.

"Prove it, prove it, prove it, prove it" -- they chant.

"FINE!" - yells Lana, exasperated.

Everyone suddenly goes quiet. They are afraid that if they say another word, the teacher will come to her senses. Andrew and Chloe are basically statues standing next to Lana.

Frustrated by Wyatt and Lukas, she quickly unbuttons her blouse and removes it, before she really realizes what she is doing. Lana is standing in just a bra in front of her students.

With a distressed grunt, she throws the blouse at her chair.

"Happy! They are not socks!" - she says, holding her breasts through her bra.

All the students had an amazing view of her 38DD breasts encased in a pink cotton bra. They are perfect and huge. Supple and full. And extremely obscene.

These are breasts that belong on a porn star, not on a virgin naive teacher.

Nobody says anything or makes any noises for what seems like an eternity, but it was only a few seconds. Everyone feared breaking the enchantment.

Andrew was the one that broke the spell, clearing his throat loudly.

"Caham!" - he clears his throat. "Very well, you proved your point, Miss Cox. Nice boobs." - he compliments the teacher.

"Sorry Wyatt, Munchy is a liar!" - BJ laughs at his friend.

Lana turns towards Andrew and realizes what had happened. She was wearing just a bra in front of her students, they could clearly see the shape, size and some parts of her breast.

She immediately covers herself with her hands.

"Now, now, we've already seen your tits, it is too late for that. Think on the bright side, this will also be a great example of puberty, as we can clearly analyze the big breasts of a grown woman." - explains Andrew, making too much sense for her liking.

"I g-guess it makes sense..." - she says agreeably. "Still...I shouldn't..."

"Teach, you agreed to go with us to the beach in a bikini, so this is not very different." - reasons Lukas from his seat.

Everyone agrees with him and Andrew.

"Thanks, Miss Lana, can you explain now using your slutty tits as an example?" - asks Wyatt cheekily.

"Wyatt! Manners... Are you sure y'all want this?" - the naive teacher asks the class.

"Miss Lana, it's a reasonable request, that way we'll all learn better!" - comments Chloe next to her.

"O-okay, it can't be helped since you all saw them already..." - she says, surrendering to the students.

Lana releases her hands, and once again, exposes her bra-encased boobs to her classroom.

They all applaud and cheer for her. She smiles at them, blushing profusely.

The teacher dives into the same detailed explanation as before, this time using her breasts to point out the examples of puberty changes and their diverse use.

Lana starts to feel hot and bothered, all her students have their horny eyes glued to her enormous tits. She can feel her chest tightening. Nobody misses when her nipples harden during the explanation.

The busty beauty is explaining on autopilot, too distracted with her own thoughts to notice when Chloe dexterously slides her bra strap down her left shoulder. After a few seconds, she does the same with the other shoulder.

'Oh my god... I am just wearing a bra in front of them... they called my breasts slutty... actually... they said tits and boobs... so wrong. Slutty tits. Slutty boobs... this is wrong... why I am getting so hot and aroused for showing my tits in front of my students. Focus Lana, let's finish this.'

"(...) that makes sense now, Wyatt?" - asks the teacher, visibly turned on, her nipples trying to explode through her bra.

"Yes, Miss Lana, thanks for the visual demonstration." - Wyatt answers with a huge grin.

"I have to say, you have the nicest pair of boobs I have ever seen!" - BJ shouts a compliment.

"Like you've seen any others! Idiot!" - mocks Lukas, punching him in the arm. The TTT trio laughs.

"T-thanks I guess." - says the naive and horny teacher.

Suddenly, Chloe unclasps Lana's bra using her nimble hands honed by years of playing volleyball.

Since the straps were down, the teacher's bra falls forward, getting stuck halfway down her arms. In the few seconds that takes Lana to realize what has happened, all the students have a clear view of the teacher's supple milky breasts, including her large areolas, and her pink hard nipples.

"Ah!" - she exclaims, using her hands to cover herself.

Once her hands contact her boobs, a moan escapes her mouth. She almost had a small orgasm showing her bare tits to her students and then rubbing her hard nipples with her bra.

Like a cheesy movie, the bell rings at this exact moment.

The teacher quickly runs to her desk and hides behind her shirt. The students say their goodbyes from a distance and leave in a hurry, not wanting to traumatize their new teacher any further.

In a trance, she quickly gets dressed and grabs her stuff, leaving her class. She didn't have anything else today, so she makes her way home.

Her mind races with flashbacks of the events of the day: Lukas' big penis, Evie masturbating, her talking about titfucking during a lesson, the erotica book that Mary picked out for her, her being in a bra for half the afternoon, and finally, all her students seeing her naked breasts.

'Wow, I didn't realize that my tits were so sensitive... I mean breasts, my breasts.' - she corrects herself.

What would Dennis say? What would Dennis say... I guess she would have to tell him.

*****

Night

Lana tidies up the house and starts to prepare dinner for Dennis.

She receives a call from him halfway through and he explains that he will be home late tonight and will miss dinner. Lucius gave him a big presentation for Friday. She sighs, puts everything away and fixes herself a quick meal instead.

The buxom fiancee gets ready and settles in bed, reminiscing again about her day.

That reminds her of the book that she picked from the library, "Tutoring the Delinquent by Jessa Kane". The submissive teacher is curious about the title and the quick synopsis. She couldn't resist. She takes it out from her purse and starts to read.

An hour passes and her panties are sopping wet. Her nipples are once again hard as ice, but she was feeling hot. The book was so arousing.

She had never read erotica before, and this was a steamy romance between students at a school. It was so hot for her, she imagined herself in the main girl's shoes, a quiet bookworm virgin who is seduced by the sexy college jock.

Lana didn't get to any sex scenes yet, but she had just read a scene involving a handjob and one involving cunnilingus. She starts a new chapter, this one involving a blowjob. Wow, she wasn't expecting that. She starts to touch herself above her panties.

At this moment, the wife-to-be hears keys opening the front door and Dennis coming in.

'Perfect opportunity!' - she thinks. 'We can try to do the touching from yesterday.'

He enters the bedroom, gives her a peck on the lips and quickly changes his clothes.

"Hi, babe..." - he greets her tiredly.

"Dens, I had a crazy day... I wore a bra..." - she starts to say.

He then immediately jumps into bed cutting her off.

"Sorry, I am too tired, let's talk tomorrow." - he says, turning around to sleep.

Frustrated once again, Lana turns off the lights and tries to sleep, ignoring her extreme horniness.

She dreams of her performing a titjob on Lukas' big cock in front of the entire class. Her panties are a mess when she wakes up the next day.