"This is beautiful..."
Beth clasped her paws to her chest, the wolf's nose twitching as she breathed in the crisp, ocean air, tinged with a touch of salt, though it was not overpowering even to her sensitive nose. The newlyweds leaned in towards one another, both bat and wolf, as if they were drawn to each other by an inexplicable force, one that had no rhyme or meaning in any other way.
The sun dipped below the horizon, the hotel to their back set only high enough so that it would not be at risk of an exceptionally high tide. The sand splashed through with glorious shades of crimson and peach and a deeper, more russet orange, coloured as if for their show and display alone. Hans took her paw, the bat smiling as he brushed his lips across the back of his new wife's fingers, barely able to believe that he had been lucky enough to "catch" a goddess such as her.
For once, they were all alone, summer upon them in a foreign country, the warmth of the late evening tickling their fur. He turned her to him, his paws on her shoulders, and Beth sucked in a sharp breath that did nothing to ease the sudden pressure in her lungs, the way that her heart turned over just for him. It was funny after all their time together that Hans still, somehow, had that effect on her, though she wouldn't have changed it for all the diamonds in the world.
"I love you so much."
She didn't have a chance to reply as he drew her down the beach to the sand, his lips touching hers, ducking down behind the wooden railings that framed the boardwalk for the hotel guests. It was a quiet time, not many there even though the weather was as fabulous as anyone could have liked it to be, and she whimpered into his mouth, claws digging into his back, her need rising even there. Beth was not a wolf who was much accustomed to holding back what lust she held in her heart, though she was only wearing a near enough see- through, silk, robe that came down to her calves.
The wolf shivered. It was time to capture her bat, even though he thought that he was only being romantic, kissing her in the sunset, his tongue twining ever so gently with hers.
"I've got something to show you...ah...darling..."
Oh, he made it hard to talk as he kissed and nipped at her neck, her paws working, though they trembled, untying her robe, the fine silk whispering as it brushed up against its fellow fibres. It was embroidered with intricate blossom patterns but Hans never got a chance to see it as she revealed her nude body to him, the fur on her front, particularly between the soft rounds of her breasts, a lighter shade than the rich, flawless grey of the rest of her. Beth was no common wolf, after all, and everything, even the softness of her fur, oozed with richness, the heritage of her noble family standing strong at her back.
Hans stared, lower jaw dropping, though Beth was too composed to let out a girlish giggle, not even as her chest jumped and shuddered with the want to.
"Take me here, darling," she murmured huskily, sweeping her tail around her thigh as if to point at the soft, pink folds of her sex, only barely visible. "No one will see... And do you really care if they did?"
Hans grinned, the bat bolder than when she'd first met him, though they had enjoyed so many riskier liaisons with one another where they could have been caught that it was not all that surprising that he had become more acclimatised to her lust for pleasure. It was a lust that could not be tamed that was just why he loved his dear wolfess so much, exactly as she was, his heart surging with love that simply could not be contained, not even then.
He kissed her deeply, lifting her so that her back was up against the wooden railings, the barrier supporting her, even if it was not the most comfortable of supports. That was of no matter, not to either of them, tongues tangling, breath mingling, everything they needed being wrapped up in each other in that moment alone. There could be no straying from the path given to them when their passion was at such a high, Beth pressing in close, fumbling with his belt, as awkward as that was for her with her legs forced up around his waist to hold herself up against him.
She did it though, the wolf growling into his muzzle as she leaned in close, freeing his cock, letting his tip press up to her folds. She could not hold the position she'd take to get his trousers unbuckled and the buttons undone for long, her abs aching, leaving it to her bat to tease her, the head of his cock glistening softly with her arousal. Beth would never hold back how turned on she was, not even the once, moaning out his name when the kiss broke, only for him to plunge, gently, into her hot wetness.
"Yesss..." She moaned, clinging to him, arching her back for him, relishing in their exposure. "Harder, Hans, you can go harder than that..."
But he cared for her too much to fuck her rather than make love to her right away, kissing her muzzle, her cheek, her throat, bringing her whimpering moans to a rise that trembled through her voice. She had to have him, wanted more, but his cock fit her just right too, driving up slowly and demandingly into her, her folds clenching around him. Beth grunted thickly, a most unladylike sound, but she did not need to be prim and proper or anything of a lady when she was with her husband, licking her lips and groaning out loud.
"Hans... Oh, god, Hans..."
He was not about to make her beg him, however, working up to a pace, using the barrier behind her as a brace for his thrusts, though gravity naturally wanted to pull her pussy down on his cock every time he pulled out. He had to hold her up, fingers curved around and digging lightly into her bare buttocks, though he could not spare a single thought for anything more as he moaned out loud, joining her in her bliss, sharing it with his lover as he very much intended to share the rest of his life with her.
Grunting lightly in the back of his throat, he met her eyes, though the wolfess was a dominating sort, always the one to take the lead in the past. But now that he was her husband, he had to take control in a way too, however light and sweet it was. He kissed the tip of her nose, holding her up and close to him, her breasts pressed to his chest deliciously, the large, round orbs of her naturally perky bosom warm just like the rest of her. Her fur may have been a little thicker there too, adding to their natural shape and definition, and the bat wished belatedly that he had chosen a different position, perhaps so that he could hold her breasts in his paws or perhaps even lock his lips around her nipples. That delight, however, would have to come later, when they were in bed together - not just taking in the beauty of the setting sun in a less conventional way than most other furs.
The wolf's head rolled back, bumping lightly into the wood, though she did not care. It was hard to care about anything else at all when his shaft was inside her, pushing deep, making her moan, not even in control of her own body anymore. Rather than holding onto him, she reached back behind her head and clung to the wooden barrier, the railings warm with the heat of the day still and just small enough for her to get her fingers around even in such a position. A broken howl burst from her lips and she arched her back, grinding her body down forcibly on his cock as her bat so very desperately strove to keep up with her.
Yet the joint nuances of orgasm could not be held back even in a moment like that as they cried out together, the heat of it rushing upon them in perfect unison. It was not something that they often managed to glean for themselves but to feel her pussy rippling around him as she moaned out her delight was more than the bat could handle, his hips working and bucking fervently. Lost in primal need, he filled her with his seed, his shaft bare and unwrapped, though that was hardly any kind of issue between those that were married. If a youngster was born from their sweet tryst, it would be all the better for them, bringing them even closer together in marriage and in love.
Beth's arms trembled and Hans gently held her, his shaft throbbing and pulsing inside, his spurts tapering off, though his climax was shorter-lived than hers was. The bat grunted softly, shuddering, as her tightness closed around him, still twitching and pulling, for one could not control any body at such a point of climax. It was a time, indeed, that one had to give up complete control of their bodies even as he softly laid her back on the sand, his half- hard length slipping from her folds, Beth's breath short and hard.
"Oh... Oh..."
She was barely aware of her husband sweeping her up in his arms and carrying her off, the silk robe over her but not entirely hiding her nudity, which gave her another little tingle of an electric thrill. Let them see, let them all see... She had nothing to hide now that the two of them were married, though she would, in a way, miss the secrecy of their romps in the rose garden too. There was something about the slyness of the act itself that brought her fur to a prickling rise, need hot and demanding - even more so than usual.
Still, he laid her down on their large bed with the care of a true lover, their room opening up onto the boardwalk just above where she had taken him inside her, which at least meant that it was not far to get back to safety and privacy. He kissed her neck, her breasts, lingering over her nipples, his soft tongue curling around them, the moment just for the two of them as they enjoyed every last bit of the honeymoon that they deserved. Those of their station in life, however, were well-known for taking multiple honeymoons, so it was not as if one time was all they were going to get, his lips tracing a path down her body until she arched and demanded his attention once again.
"Take me!"
The wolf's growl called him in and Hans had to obey as he always did, plunging his hardening length back inside her, the slickness of her pussy easing his path once again. He could be rougher that time, hitching her legs up around his hips as she growled and encouraged him on, letting her yips and moans guide her husband in pleasing her as thrust after thrust sank home.
Beth licked her lips, longing for something more. Yet she could not have everything all at once, not even as she wanted it so terribly, and would have to wait to get his cock into her mouth again, to taste and run her tongue over his smooth flesh. She would have all she wanted in good time but she would have to take his lips on hers and the warmth of his kisses until then.
Until then, Beth's heart was full and the wolfess could not dream of ever being with anyone else. As she climaxed yet again on his shaft, his paw tenderly rubbing her clit to bring her to that high with him all over again, she moaned and clung to him, claws digging in as if her life depended on it.
And the honeymoon had only just begun...