The Adventures of Creampie Chrissy, Part 3 - A Very Happy Birthday

Chrissy's birthday was coming up in a few weeks, and her boyfriend 
wanted to give her something really special.  She was reluctant at 
first to tell him what she really wanted, but after he insisted, she 
divulged her fantasy birthday.

He thought about it for a few minutes and said he liked the idea, but 
there would be a surprise twist that if she agreed to, without her 
knowing what it was, he'd arrange the fantasy to become reality.  She 
agreed, assuring him that she'd do whatever it was he wanted.

The big day came, and they went out to an early dinner to celebrate.  
Chrissy's mind was preoccupied with the events to come, and the 
surprise condition that her boyfriend stipulated.  She enjoyed 
herself, and managed to mercilessly tease his erection under the 
table, figuring that if he was going to ejaculate inside her later, 
she wanted a nice big load.

At 7:30 that evening the guests started arriving. By 8:00 there were 
eight others - 5 males, 3 of whom brought girlfriends.  Festivities 
went on until 9:00, when Chrissy's boyfriend made his announcement.

Chrissy, blushing, stood beside him while he described the 
forthcoming event.

"Okay, you all know about the special gift that we're going to give 
Chrissy tonight.  First off, I'm going to tie her to the bed 
spread-eagled; and she'll have a blindfold so that she can't see who 
is doing her.  Also, I'd like for no one to let her know who you are 
- that'll be the mystery for her.  Every one here has given me their 
firm commitment that after they come inside Chrissy, she'll get her 
creampie eaten."

Susie visibly licked her lips at this point.

"... But it may be from a different person," he added, seeing Susie's 
reaction.  She smiled.

"When you're finished, come out and I'll send the next one in."

He led Chrissy to the bedroom, had her take off her shoes, panties 
and top, and situated her in a spread-eagled position.  He bound her 
so that she had limited movement, and tied a silk scarf firmly around 
her eyes.  He lifted her skirt to expose her womanhood.

Then he determined the sequence of Chrissy's attentions by having the 
male guests draw numbers from a hat.

The guy who picked number 1 went in, closed the door, and quickly 
undressed.  Chrissy was creaming already, and he had a rigid boner by 
the time he removed his briefs.  Her vulnerable beauty resulted in a 
rather quick ejaculation, and he kept pumping until he had softened 
considerably.  Those in the adjoining room could tell when Chrissy 
was getting her creampie eaten, since she unabashedly, and loudly, 
vocalized her pleasure.

The second one in sequence took his girlfriend Roxanne in with him.  
She watched while he plowed Chrissy's womanhood with his stiff 
erection.  When he sucked the semen from Chrissy, his girlfriend had 
him kiss her and he snowballed the creampie into her mouth.

The scene continued, with Chrissy in a blissful state from the 
sequential creampie eating.

The last one to go in was Susie and her boyfriend.  After her 
boyfriend thoroughly fucked Chrissy, he withdrew and Susie treated 
herself to the creampie.

Chrissy's boyfriend untied her and she cleaned up.  He had her keep 
her panties off when she joined the rest of them.  The party went on 
till midnight, when all of the guests left with satisfied smiles.

Soon afterward, Chrissy's boyfriend fucked her slowly and 
deliberately, building up as much semen as possible.  When he did 
ejaculate, he plowed furiously, and then had Chrissy straddle his 
mouth.  She climaxed twice while he sucked every last bit of cream 
from her pussy.


-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories 
at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
