Author: MikeCA
Title: The Dinner Date
Part: Chapter 7
Universe: Pure Strip Poker
Summary: Lary meets Mary and is drawn into a series of strip poker games as their relationship slowly develops.
Keywords: MF, strippoker
===========================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL NATURE, AND 
MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND 
SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE 
OR COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN 
DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION INTENDED 
FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT NECESSAARILY 
CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED IN THIS STORY. ALL 
PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY 
SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS 
PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
===========================================================

Pure Strip Poker

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 1999 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, except those 
described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and 
repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the 
disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.


Pure Strip Poker

Chapter 7 The Dinner Date

Tuesday night Mary called. 

"Hi, Larry. How are you doing?"

"Well, I'm fine," I said. "I have this big German test tomorrow 
morning, and I got a lot of studying still to do..."

"Ok, well I won't keep you long then. Something has come up, so I 
was wondering if we could move our dinner to Saturday?"

I wondered what `had come up' for Friday night, but I didn't want to 
press Mary for details.

"Yeah, that's ok," I said. 

Then another idea occurred to me. Saturday was the homecoming 
football game.

"Are you going to the big game Saturday?" I asked.

"Yes, of course."

"Well, no one really cares where you sit in the end zone, so maybe we 
could sit together."

"Yeah, that sounds good. I have tickets with my roommate," Mary 
said. "If you sit with us, you'll get to meet Beth." 

"Ok. I'll pick you up after lunch on Saturday."

"Great," Mary said. "I better let you get back to studying. I'll call later 
in the week."

Saturday night was as good as Friday night, but I wondered what had 
come up for Friday? If Mary had wanted to tell me, she would have 
told me, so I was not going to press her. Maybe she'd tell me later.

On Thursday night she called again to explain everything.

"Hi Larry, how did your German test go?"

"Good, I think. I'll know next week when I get it back, but I think I 
did a good job."

"Great. Listen, I want to apologize for being so mysterious about 
Friday night, but my roommate, Beth, was here and I couldn't really 
explain things."

"Oh."

"Beth doesn't know anything about the strip poker games, and she's 
real uptight. If she found out, I would never hear the end of it, so don't 
say anything when you meet her Saturday."

"No problem." 

"Well, anyway Friday I'm getting together at Sharon and Kristen to 
plan the next big game."

"Plan the next game! I thought you had them all planned out already?"

"Well, Sharon and Betty want to change the rules some to make the 
game more interesting, so we need to try some more practice games to 
make sure the new rules really work. When I called Tuesday, Beth 
was here so I couldn't tell you."

"You actually practice playing strip poker?"

"Well, sort of," Mary said. "We don't really take our clothes off in the 
practice games, but no guys are allowed. That's why we had to move 
dinner to Saturday."

"So how are you planning to change the rules," I asked.

"I really don't know. I'll find out Friday night. I'll tell you all about it 
on Saturday at dinner. Whatever you do, don't say anything about 
strip poker in front of Beth. Ok?"

"Yeah, no problem. I'll remember that."

"Good. I have another little surprise too. Beth's parents are going to 
be here for the game Saturday, and Beth is going home with them 
Saturday after the game."

It took a second for it to dawn on me what this meant. It meant we 
could use Mary's room after dinner. I would not have to negotiate 
some kind of time sharing arrangement with Marc for my own room 
Saturday night. That would give us lots of time for whatever...

"Great. I'll come by your dorm around 12:30," I said.

After I hung up the phone, I decided that this time I would not be 
caught unprepared. I would pick up some condoms before Saturday. 
Maybe all Mary intended was to give me another blowjob, but it was 
better to be prepared. 

The more I thought about it, the more I wondered. Mary seemed 
awfully interested in strip poker. Imagine holding practice games with 
a bunch of girls to figure out if the rules work. Had strip poker 
become a fetish for Mary? Charlene had told Marc that Mary had led 
a very protected life in high school, and had not been allowed to go 
out with boys. Was she trying to make up for it now?  Well strip poker 
seemed a funny way to make up for it. 

Guys always like strip poker because guys always like to see naked 
women. Did Mary like to look at naked men? I guess some girls do, so 
maybe that was it. Mary liked to see naked guys and strip poker was a 
good way for a girl to get to see a lot of naked guys. That was 
possible, I guess.

Then there was what Pam had said Saturday night about how excited 
she had gotten playing some silly strip game. She had gotten a big 
adrenaline rush from playing it, even though the guys were only 
spectators. Was that what Mary liked? Was it the excitement of 
betting her clothes against guys and other girls? This seemed possible 
too. 

Mary always ridiculed strip poker games that were simple games of 
chance as being childish. For her the games had to have the betting 
element of poker, so it was both a game of chance and skill. So maybe 
it was the excitement of betting her clothes that had made strip poker 
her favorite game.

Would I look silly if I just came out and asked her why she liked it so 
much? I wasn't sure. I guess it would be ok to ask. Maybe I would ask 
her Saturday night. With Mary I was sure the topic would come up.

Saturday morning I explained to Marc that I was going to the football 
game with Mary and her roommate, and that her roommate was going 
home after the game, so he and Charlene could use our room tonight. 

"Way to go, Larry," Marc said as we parted.

When I got to Mary's dorm, she was already waiting in the lobby with 
Beth. Beth was a very tall, statuesque girl with long blond hair. Mary 
introduced us, and we started on the long walk to the stadium.

"Beth's father is really famous," Mary said. "He's a television 
personality."

"Really," I said. "Who is he."

"Well, former television sports broadcaster," Beth said. "I'm sure you 
have never heard of him. He use to do the sports on a small local 
television station in the north part of the state."

It turned out that Beth's father had been a basketball player at the 
university. Although I had never heard of him, he must've been a 
pretty good player, because he tried to play professional basketball. 
After a few years on the bench with a couple of pro teams, he gave up 
and came back home to become a sports broadcaster on a small local 
station in the north part of the state. A few years ago he had retired 
from broadcasting. He now was a partner in a couple of businesses 
and was trying to get into politics. He had been elected to the city 
council and was planning to run for the state house as a Republican.

"So what does your father do, Larry," Beth asked.

My father was something I been trying to get away from since coming 
to college. I had told no one that my father was a minister, although 
my roommate Marc had met my father and knew he was a minister. 
Marc had been a little worried until he realized I was just an ordinary 
guy. My father may preach against the moral decline of the country, 
but that was my father, not me.

"My father is a minister," I said.

"Really," Beth replied. "What denomination?" 

Mary, who was walking between us didn't say anything, but the wide-
eyed look on her face said a lot.

"Methodist," I said.

"Oh, well we're Baptists," Beth said. "Did Mary tell you that I was 
planning to do mission work for the church after I graduate from 
school?"

Oh god save us. I hope Beth isn't going to spend the next four hours 
discussing her personal conversion experience or how Jesus has made 
a difference in her life. 

"No, Mary didn't mention that," I said.

"Well, I want to be an elementary school teacher," Beth said. "After I 
graduate, I want to teach for several years at a mission school in 
Honduras that our church helps to support."

I had frequently seen the local town nut cases that claimed to have 
some religious experiences and would come to discuss it with my 
father. It had made me speculate on the relationship between insanity 
and religious experience. Beth, however, seemed to have her head 
screwed on correctly.

"Sounds great," I said. `Sounds boring' was what I meant.

Fortunately, Beth stopped talking about religion, and I was greatly 
relieved. Religion is not a topic I feel comfortable discussing. If I 
were to really say what I think, people would get angry, so I just try to 
say as little as possible.

We got to the stadium just before kickoff, and once we were in our 
seats there wasn't much chance for any serious discussion, but I could 
tell that Mary was still troubled by the revelation that my father was a 
minister. 

After the game was over, Beth had to go find her parents, who had 
some VIP seats someplace.

"Mary," Beth said, as she shook my hand, "you are very lucky to have 
found a guy like Larry. Preacher's kids make great husbands."

Before I could think of how to answer that, Beth was lost in the crowd 
outside the stadium. Mary, however, was staring at me.

"You never told me your father was a minister," she said.

"Well, it's not something I like to advertise," I said. "Look, I'm Larry, 
not my father. My father is the minister, not me. When people hear 
you're a preacher's kid, they make all kinds of assumptions about 
what that means, and it just isn't true. Back in my home town I could 
never get away from being a preacher's kid, because everybody knew, 
but here I have finally been able to escape it and be treated like a 
normal person."

"Oh," Mary said.

"I didn't tell you or anyone else, because I wanted you to treat me like 
a normal guy. Would you have asked me to that first strip poker game, 
if you knew my father was a minister?"

"No way," Mary said.

"Why? What difference would it have made?"

"Well...I'm not sure...it just doesn't seem like something a minister's 
son would do."

"Why?" I asked. "Do you think minister's sons are not interested in 
girls?"

"No, but...I...I just wouldn't want to corrupt a minister's son that 
way."

"Corrupt?" I said. "You think you have corrupted me? No way. I'm 
just a normal horny guy, and I want to be treated just like any other 
guy."

"You don't feel like I have ... well ... tempted you into sin?" Mary 
asked.

"No, " I laughed. "I'm not really big on sin, but ... I do think you're 
tempting."

"Oooh..." Mary smiled. "So you really don't think what we've done is 
a sin?"

Was `what we've done' that she was worried about referring to the 
blowjob or the strip poker games?

"No, no," I said. "Stop worrying about that. I'm basically a...well an 
agnostic, I guess."

"How can a minister's son be an agnostic?"

"Just like anyone else," I replied.

"But didn't you grow up studying the Bible and everything?"

"Yeah," I replied. "You want me to show you the dirty parts of the 
Bible?"

"There are dirty parts in the Bible?" Mary asked incredulously.

"Well, they use a lot of flowery language and funny words to cover it 
up," I said. "Read the `Song of Solomon' some time. It's a pretty wild 
love song."

"Maybe I'll borrow Beth's Bible and take a look at it," Mary said.

"It's been a few years since I last read it, but as I remember it contains 
some pretty suggestive stuff."

"Really?" Mary asked. "I thought the Bible said pre-marital sex was a 
sin?"

"Oh it probably does, someplace," I said. "The Bible says lots of 
contradictory things. Beth isn't one of those people, who believe 
every word of the Bible is literally true, is she?"

"I don't know," Mary said.

"I have never been able to understand that. There is so much 
contradictory stuff in the Bible. It can't all be true."

"Well...I wouldn't say any of this to Beth. I think she would get real 
upset. Just let her keep thinking you're a good little Christian 
minister's son."

"Ok, I don't really like to talk about religion anyway," I said.

"I would also avoid politics with Beth," Mary said. "She started going 
to the Young Republicans."

"Ok," I said. "I'll steer clear of that topic too." 

"Well, look, Larry, I want to take a shower and change clothes before 
we go to dinner, so what time do you want to pick me up tonight."

"How about 6:30? Is that ok?"

"Yeah, no problem," Mary said. "I can be ready by then ... Oh, yeah, 
one more thing I forgot to tell you."

"What's that?" I asked. 

Mary was smiling like the cat that ate the canary.

"I arranged for a little practice strip poker game tonight," she said.

"What! Practice? Didn't we practice enough last weekend?"

"Well ... yeah, but I have been teaching these other girls how to play, 
and they want to come to the next game, so ... they need some 
practice."

A paranoid thought occurred to me. 

"Is Vicky one of these girls?" I asked.

"No," replied Mary. "Relax, Larry. I wouldn't do that to you. It'll be 
three girls from my dorm and three guys they found someplace. I've 
taught the girls a little about poker, but I doubt the guys really know 
much."

"So you're going to show these girls how to strip these dumb guys, 
eh?"

"Well, that could happen," Mary said. 

Mary paused and looked at me. A big smile spread across her face.

"Tell you what," she said. "Over dinner I'll explain how we can make 
this game very interesting for you."

"Oh, how?"

"I'll explain it at dinner," Mary said, and she walked away.

Here I had foolishly thought I could go out on a date with Mary 
without the possibility of a strip poker game, and here Mary goes and 
arranges one. Oh well. At least Mary had promised the game would be 
`very interesting' for me, whatever that meant.

I headed back for my dorm to clean up, change clothes and find my 
jockey shorts. If we were going to be playing strip poker again 
tonight, I better get my jockey shorts, just in case.

At 6:30 sharp I picked up Mary and we started downtown towards the 
Japanese restaurant. 

"Ok, so what is the story on this strip poker game tonight," I asked.

"Well, we're planning the next big game for next Friday, or maybe the 
Friday after," Mary said. "Betty suggested we change the rules more 
like the game we played at Kat and Vicky's, but with each couple 
being a team. So you and I would play as a team. We would play with 
clothes as chips like we did last Saturday."

"So it's not five chips to a piece of clothes anymore, but each bet is 
one piece?"

"Yeah."

"With only twelve pieces between each couple, this game won't last 
long," I said.

"Oh, there are some other changes in the betting. We decided on no 
ante. Instead we'll use the must open rule like we did last Saturday. 
Oh, and we also did away with the low hand losing a piece of clothes 
to the high hand. That makes bluffing easier, because you don't have 
to show your hand at the end."

"What are the betting limits?" I asked.

"Oh, the must open bet is one piece, with no raises allowed. The 
second round bets and raises are one or two pieces."

"Still seems like the game will not last very long," I said.

"Well, if somebody plays stupidly, it could be over real quickly. 
That's why I wanted to have a practice game for these girls. It will 
help us to practice too. We'll be playing as a team, so I don't want 
you doing anything stupid."

"So you think I've been playing stupidly."

"No, no, I didn't mean that. It's just ... well ... the rule changes make 
the game different, and some practice with the new rules won't hurt."

"So we're going to play as a team tonight?" I asked.

"No, not tonight. We don't have enough players for that. We'll have 
to simulate it."

"How do you do that," I asked.

"Well, I was figuring to play 2 chips for each piece of clothes. I think 
that would simulate the two person teams."

"Yeah ... I guess..."

"Oh, I promised that I would make the game more interesting for 
you," Mary said.

"Yes."

Mary had that mischievous smile again.

"Well ... we're almost to the restaurant. I'll explain during dinner."

When we got to the restaurant, we had to wait about 5 minutes for a 
table. When we were seated, it was in this funny booth which was a 
cross between Japanese and Western styles. It had a raised floor, and a 
low, Japanese style table, but with a cut out below it for your legs. 
You could think you were sitting at a low Japanese table, while really 
sitting on Western style bench.

After we had ordered dinner, Mary got that smile again like the cat 
that ate the canary.

"Ok, Larry. To make tonight's game a little more interesting, I 
propose that we have a side bet."

"What kind of a side bet?" I asked.

"Well ... you remember Connie's story last week about playing strip 
poker were the loser has to do a `favor' for the winner?"

"Yeah, I remember that." How could I forget.

"I'm proposing a side bet between the two of us. Whichever one of us 
has the most clothes or equivalent chips gets a `favor' from the other. 
`Favors' will be back in my room after the game breaks up."

This idea caused an immediate awakening in my pants. Fortunately, 
Mary could not see this under the table.

"Exactly what kind of `favors' did you have in mind?" I asked.

"Well ... there are limits to what I will do. I guess you figured out I'm 
a ... well you know ... inexperienced."

Virgin was the word Charlene, my roommate's girlfriend, had used to 
describe Mary. I nodded yes.

"I'm not ready yet for that," Mary said. "But just about anything else 
would be fair game as `favors.'"

Of course, I had been hoping to get some `favors' from Mary tonight 
without beating her at strip poker, but Connie's story last week of 
playing strip poker for `favors' had been a real turn on. Apparently 
Mary was excited by this idea too, because her cheeks were beginning 
to look a little flush.

If I beat her, I guess I could ask for another blowjob. If I lost, I guess 
Mary would ask me to jack off. That's what Connie did when she 
won. Could I do that in front of a girl? Just thinking about it was 
causing a very uncomfortable tightness in my jeans.

"Well, ... that certainly makes the game a lot more interesting." I 
finally said.

"Just don't let on to any of the other players what's going on. This is 
strictly a private bet between the two of us. Ok?"

"Yeah, no problem." Aside from the problem of the bulge in my 
jeans. As long as we were sitting at this low table, no one could see 
anything, but if I didn't get things under control before we left the 
restaurant I would have a little problem.

"To be fair, let me share what I know about strategy for this game."

"Ok," I said.

"With only twelve pieces of clothes or tokens in our case tonight, you 
can last for twelve hands by just folding all the time. You will only 
lose one piece or token each hand on the must open bet. I don't expect 
the game will last twelve hands, so an ok strategy is to just fold all the 
time."

"Won't people starting bluffing then?" I asked.

 "Of course. If too many players start doing that, people will start 
bluffing and the folders will lose after twelve hands. The big mistake 
though is to bet and not win the hand. The big loser will in all 
likelihood be the person who bets on a contested hand and loses. 
Especially early in the game when everyone still has most of their 
clothes is when players are tempted to go after the pot. If you bet and 
fail to win the pot, you are in big trouble."

"So what you're saying is I should just fold all the time and let 
somebody else lose?" I asked.

"Well, in this game tonight I expect that strategy may well work. The 
guys these girls have invited probably don't really know much about 
playing poker, especially double deck poker."

"How does two decks change the game?"

"Oh, it changes the odds of getting all the poker hands. It is much 
easier to get three of a kind or four of kind with two decks than with 
one."

This was something I had noticed at last nights game. Before the first 
game at Sharon and Kristen's, I had spent hours with two decks of 
cards dealing out hands to get a good feel for what kind of hand you 
needed to win in one of these games. In the three handed game with 
one deck, I noticed most the hands were won with much lower hands.

"I guess I sort of noticed that," I said.

"The other guys in the game tonight could go crazy betting at the 
beginning of the game tonight. Then things will be over real quickly."

"Well, if we both fold all the time, and the game is over after a few 
hands, what happens to our side bet?" I asked.

"It's a draw. No one wins any favors."

"What do we do then?"

"Oh ... we'll think of something to do," laughed Mary, giving another 
one of her mysterious non-answers.

After dinner things in my shorts were more under control, so I could 
leave the restaurant without embarrassing myself. We found our way 
back through downtown towards the campus and Mary's dorm. 

As we walked Mary told me a little about the three other girls that 
would be at the practice game tonight. Carrie, Sally, and Jill were all 
from Mary's dorm. They were all freshmen. They had all played strip 
poker before, but not using anything like real poker rules. None of 
them really knew how to play poker, so Mary had spent several nights 
teaching them the basics. 

Mary had never met the three guys. The girls had found them. The 
guys had claimed that they knew how to play real poker, but Mary 
was skeptical. She clearly expected the guys to make fools of 
themselves in this game. That seemed like the main reason for this 
practice game.

When we reached Mary's dorm, we went first to her room to leave our 
coats. Mary's room seemed bigger than my room, but this was 
probably just an illusion. Mary's desk certainly looked neater than 
mine.

Mary got a bag of poker chips out of her desk and turned to me.

"Ready to go, Larry?" Mary asked.

"I guess so..."

"Then let's go." Mary said while looking at me with a funny smiled.

"Why are you smiling at me like that?"

"Oh...I'm just thinking about that `favor' I'm going to win tonight."

"What if I win?" I asked.

"Oh...I know what you'd ask for," Mary laughed. "Come on. This is 
going to be an interesting game."

We left Mary's room and headed up the stairs. In the story Connie had 
told last week, she had made the loser jackoff for her. Was that what 
Mary was thinking about? I just hoped I could find some way of 
winning this side bet.

Continued in Chapter 8

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or suggestions are 
welcome. I try to answer all my email, although I sometimes get 
behind. MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
