

The Under Garment

It was quite late in the afternoon, but Julia wanted to stop at her favorite boutique to purchase some under garments before returning home.  As we walked in, my wife, a tall and slimmed jet-black hair lady looked around for someone to serve her. A very pretty girl with an angelic smile came toward us and said, "My name is Linda. How can I help you?" She was probably in her mid or late 20's with a well-proportioned body and very shapely long legs. Julia smiled back immediately and asked if she could have a look at some under garments. The young girl nodded us to follow her to the back of the store where very sexy lingerie was on display. The outfits were rather revealing, push-up bras, cutout bras, see-through knickers, thongs, and few things that were a bit kinkier and simply beyond description. My wife glanced quickly at the items and said that they were a bit too racy for her taste. She wanted something sexy that suited a person of her age. 
 
Linda replied, "In my opinion you would look very sexy wearing anything on display." She asked my wife's cup size and she replied "A". Linda gently took my wife's arm and they went from one mannequin to the next looking at the various attires. My wife was a bit self-conscious to look at these revealing clothes and giggled a few times. Linda insisted that she tried a few before saying no. As she spoke, Linda brushed her hand across Julia's back in a most intimate way and let her hand run to her opposite hip where it came to a stop just above her right buttock. Linda let her hand rest on Julia's lower hip for a few seconds. I could sense that Linda was pondering, if she could venture further down. Julia was aware of Linda's hand her hip, but she did not disallow it. Linda sensed the unspoken approbation and while continuing to talk, let her hand gently traveled further down until it came to rest on my wife's right buttock. Linda like if nothing was happening continued her description of the various items on display. Whenever she could, she gently pulled my wife's body towards her while her hand patted her buttock. 
 
Linda finally let go of my wife and directed us to a the large dressing room while she would select a few items for Julia to try on, just for fun. The dressing room was rather spacious with wall-to-wall mirrors, two chairs and a small table along a wall. We sat and chatted for a few minutes.  During our brief exchange, Julia was fast-talking and I could sense that she was excited by the interest Linda had demonstrated in her person.  When Linda came in the dressing room with a few items, she asked Julia to get up and try them on. Julia looked around and asked, "Where am I to undress?" Linda smiled and said, “The door is locked and we are alone.” She took my wife's hand and led her to the centre of the room under a group of spots lights. I could tell that Julia was becoming a bit uncomfortable, but she nevertheless did as she was asked. Linda facing Julia said" Let me help you" and started to unbuttoned my wife's blouse. Julia's face was red with embarrassment, but she obediently let the sales lady unbuttoned her blouse and assist her in removing it. 
 
Linda then proceeded to undo my wife's skirt by going behind her, undoing the clasp and unzipping it. Linda holding Julia by her waist told her to step out of her skirt. I could easily read the curiosity in Julia's face from where I was sitting. Linda moved closer to Julia and in a low voice to Julia's ear said, "You have a beautiful body and wonderful legs. I am sure that your husband can't wait to see more of you!”  Julia's skin tingled from top to bottom at these words and the thought of undressing in such a public way. She felt tingles all over her body at the thought that a pure stranger was undressing her. Even though she was sort of puzzled by her own reaction, Julia was electrified by the sensuality exuding from Linda. She was also excited to have her husband witness how a younger woman was trying to seduce her. The kinkiness of it all added to Julia's growing excitement and she started to feel the moisture invade her vagina. 
 
Linda winked at Julia's husband before turning to face Julia. Back in front of Julia, she eyed her up and down and then placed both of her hands on each side of Julia's waist and let them glide along her hips in a most languorous fashion and added, "Yes, you’re most pretty." I could tell that the touches and the compliments were turning Julia on. Julia felt her breasts starting to warm from the inside. Soon she felt her nipples hardening and pushing out against the thin fabric of her bra. From where I was sitting, I could clearly see Julia's growing nipples pushing through her bra. I was not alone in noticing this. Linda's eyes were also fixed on my wife's nipples. Julia appeared to be almost entranced looking at her own reflection in the mirror. She was almost naked wearing only her bra, knickers, black nylons and high hells. 
 
Linda came closer to Julia and while making eye contact, stretched her arms around to unclasp her bra. Julia to facilitate the process stepped forward and Linda's breasts came in contact momentarily with Julia's. Linda asked her to raise her arms forward so that she could remove her bra. Julia was soon braless and her bare breasts were only a few centimeters from Linda's face. Julia blushed under her probing gaze. She felt that Linda's eyes were caressing her painfully hard nipples. Linda seeing the rising passion in Julia seized the opportunity. She smiled devilishly at Julia and while looking at her taunt left nipple, she blew on it and watched it swelled some more. Julia blushed when Linda locked eyes with her and licked her lips. Julia's already rock solid nipples reached a new level of hardness. Julia could also feel the growing warmth in her groin.  
 
 
Linda holding my wife's hips knelt in front of her. She slid her fingers under the elastic band of Julia's knickers and proceeded to slide them down. At first, Julia was paralyzed. There was a moment of hesitation in letting a stranger undress her in this fashion, but Linda did not give her much time to react. She slid the knickers down while maintaining eye contact with Julia, then slowly lowered her eyes to my wife's bare pubic mount. Julia was stripped naked except for her thigh high stockings and high hells. Linda smiled when she noted that my wife's lips were very wet.  She asked Julia to lift her right foot to slide the knickers off. In raising her left leg to allow the knickers to be removed, Julia involuntarily further spread her legs apart and gave Linda barely inches from her body a better view of the growing wetness between her lips. Linda watched attentively my wife's lips and small droplets of juice stated to pearl at the juncture of her lips. Julia who was watching Linda in the mirror did not do anything to stop this visual invasion of her body. The sexual heat that had been building within her from the moment she had started to undress just intensified to new heights. Her pussy was dripping wet and throbbing with lust.
 
 
Linda was quick to seize the moment and pulled a small handkerchief from her pocket. Her left hand came to rest on Julia's right buttock while she brought the cotton tissue to her love mount. I could sense the growing panic in Julia's eyes, but for some reason again she did not react. Linda's hand continued for a moment to sensually caress Julia's cheek then she got up. She said while looking at me, "Your wife is most sexy. She must bring you much pleasure". The sentence was not even finished when she turned her eyes towards Julia and let her hand traveled along her side like a long caress. This action triggered another small spurt of secretion that rolled down my wife's thigh. It became more and more difficult to ignore that Julia was definitely turned on. Her breathing was shallow, she was flustered, her pointed nipples were fully engorged with blood and love nectar was running down her thigh. Andy was somewhat mesmerized by this most sensual spectacle. His penis had hardened considerably while watching and it was difficult to for him to hide this fact. 
 
Linda while still admiring my wife's body said, "It is quite late and the store will close in a few minutes. It would also be difficult to try these clothes in view of your wetness". She added that she had encountered this problem before and had some herbs at home to alleviate it. Within the same breath, she offered to come to our house with an assortment of under garments and bring along some of the special herbs. Julia and I were sort of taken by surprise, but Julia still under Linda’s spell gave her our home address. As soon as she had our address, she turned toward me and extended her hand. Foolishly I got up to shake her hand, realizing too late that I still had a raging erection. Linda eyes darted to my crotch and she said in a low voice, "Looking forward to see you later big boy". I blushed and she turned around to leave the dressing room. On her way out she said, "I will come by around 8 o'clock and bring some wine".
 
Julia was still under Linda’s spell when we got into the car. She asked, "What happened in there"?  I just answered, "Well, you sort got turned on and responded to her most intimate advances. She is a very pretty girl. I was also turned on by her daring sexual exuberance ". We drove home in silence for the remainder of the trip, each of us fantasizing about the evening to come. Julia was still lost in her sexual sensations when we arrived home. We immediately undressed and made love. Julia's vagina was sloppy wet.
 