Two Streakers - The Story of Yvonne and Christina
by EC   

Chapter 10 Patient Narrative - Christina Melendez - entry ten: Daytime streaking and exhibitionism with Yvonne

The following month our streaking excursions became even more intense. I didn't think that could be possible, but it was.

Following the storm front that had brought all that rain, the weather at night remained too cold to safely be outside. We learned that lesson the hard way, three nights after I gave Yvonne her first real spanking We went for a "short" streak that took us around the school and two small parks. Yvonne wanted me to take a bunch of pictures of her, but I was shivering so badly I could barely hold her cell phone steady enough to not ruin the shots. If we kept moving, we were sort of OK, but if we stopped for any reason, even for a few seconds, the cold hit us and we started shivering right away. As hard-core as Yvonne was about her nude running, even she realized that it was too cold to be outside after dark anymore.

There was another problem. My parents were coming back from their latest cruise and Yvonne wouldn't be able to spend anymore nights at my house until they left again. I didn't know when that would be and I had to avoid making it too obvious I was desperate for them to leave the house.

I figured that the cold nights and my parents being home meant that meant we'd have to stop our streaking, but it turned out that no, Yvonne simply moved our runs to daytime.

That year we had a really nice, long "Indian summer". While it was too cold to be outside at night, the days were very pleasant. Also, by pure good luck, there was a teachers' strike at our school, so we had several weeks of unexpected time-off from our classes. We knew there would there would be hell to pay when we got back, because we'd have to catch-up on all our work, but we didn't care about that. What mattered was that during the days we had nice weather and plenty of free time to enjoy it.

Since there was not much to do at home and the school district had not yet set up remote learning, I told Mom that I wanted to go hiking with some girls from school and that I needed to borrow her car. She was good with that, so I was able to pick up Yvonne in the mornings and take her wherever we wanted to go. She looked at some maps online and decided that there were some nice nature parks we could go to.

She also had an interesting piece of news. Due to budget cuts, the state park rangers had cut back on patrolling the hiking trails. Also, the State Parks Commission announced that anyone using one the parks should only call rangers for life-and-death emergencies. The commissioner specifically said:

"If it's not hurting anyone, do not call the emergency line. We don't want to be getting calls about little things like someone smoking a joint or skinny-dipping. We don't have time to deal with stuff like that, so don't bother to call it in."

What the commissioner meant was that in the state parks and hiking trails, laws against public nudity (among other minor things) would not be enforced until further notice. Yvonne saved the article to her cell phone and showed it to me.

We went streaking at least three days each week during the teachers' strike. Yvonne picked what she considered promising locations and I drove us to the trailheads in Mom's car. We took off all our clothes in the parking lot and threw everything in the trunk. We hit the trail wearing nothing but our shoes, and carried nothing in our hands except our cell phones and water bottles. Our bodies were completely exposed and we had nothing to cover ourselves.

On the first day of our nude forest adventures, I was just as scared as I was the first night I went streaking. The daytime runs meant that we were no longer running in secret. We were not running on empty streets in the dark, dodging in and out of shadows: we were running on brightly lit trails where anyone nearby would get a clear view of our bodies. We were completely visible to anyone we passed along the trail and we had to run very close to them. If someone wanted to take pictures, there was nothing we could do about it. We would truly be nude in public. I remembered seeing pictures from some website in Europe that featured young women walking around naked in crowded cities in broad daylight. What Yvonne and I were doing on the hiking trails came pretty close to that.

At least Yvonne was not overly reckless about it. As with her urban runs, she researched trails ahead of time to make sure we went to places where spectators would be less likely to object. She knew that the more difficult hiking trails would have fewer people, and more importantly, fewer "families" and conservative types. She wanted to enjoy being naked outside with me, and not have it spoiled by the unpleasant experience of having anyone yell at us. It also helped that we were running on weekdays, when people were at work and little kids were in day-care.

Actually, I guess our park adventures weren't streaking as much as they were nude nature hikes, because we weren't running most of the time. We only ran if there were people around, and walked if we were not within sight of anyone else. Usually we did have to run at the beginning and at the end, when we were close to the parking lot where there were more people around. O5cther hikers thinned-out as we moved further away from the road.

Still, we did cross paths with other hikers. I was terrified whenever I saw anyone, but Yvonne got a thrill from the expressions of hikers as they saw two naked young women running towards them. There were several times other hikers asked to take their picture with her, and she always agreed. Fortunately, since I was the one with the camera or the phone taking the photo, I managed to stay out of the only-one-naked shots.

Yvonne definitely got an adrenaline rush from our naked outings. Everywhere we went she took a bunch of pictures of me, and had me take a bunch of her. When we got to our turn-around point, she usually wanted to have sex with me. She refused to budge until I agreed and she was passionate with her love-making.

If I showed any hint of being annoyed with her, she picked up on that and teased me until I spanked her. I'd get up on a picnic table, put her over my lap, and put my effort into giving her a respectable spanking. If no table or other flat surface was available, she simply grabbed a tree trunk and I spanked her standing up. I always used my hand. The thought of hitting her with a stick never crossed my mind.

By the time the teacher's strike ended and we had to go back to school, Yvonne was starting to become more of a real exhibitionist instead of just wanting to be naked outside. She got a kick from showing off her spanked butt to other hikers when we were returning from our outings. To me, the public display of that part of our relationship was way too much information, but it wasn't TMI for her. She totally loved the shocked look on people's faces when they saw us running towards them in the nude, and then the even bigger surprise when they saw her reddened bottom after we had passed them and were running away.

There was much more to our nature hikes than sex and spanking. It was important to Yvonne that we climb as many hills as possible and take pictures of ourselves in front of scenic overviews. We did take a lot of really nice pictures. She had bought both a selfie stick and stand for her phone, so a lot of those pictures were of us together with the phone's timer. She took plenty of me as well, in front of just about everything imaginable and all kinds of poses.

"You're the prettiest girl in the school. I'm fucking lucky to have you."

We had a very strange relationship. But there's no way I can describe how alive I felt when I was with her. Being with her stressed the fuck out of me, but I always felt it was worth it. I had fun with her, a special kind of fun I'll never have with anyone else.


Chapter 11 Patient Narrative - Christina Melendez - entry eleven: A new year and a photo-shoot with Suzanne Johnson

I spent a typical stressful Christmas with Mom's side of my family. That meant a trip to West Virginia. We had to fly to Dulles Airport and then drive west, for three hours. Yes, three hours, in a rental car, with my parents. And things were never that great at my grandparents' place. They never liked the fact that Dad's parents were from Mexico and that she had taken Melendez as her last name. However, Mom sort of got the last laugh on them, when Dad got all that money from his investments. We now had more money than the rest of them combined, and while the others toiled in crappy minimum-wage jobs, Mom spent most of her life traveling and doing fun vacation-type stuff.

It was that year, the final Christmas I'd spend with my family as a teenager, that I realized what was going on with my parents and all those cruises, why they were showing off, and to whom. I knew that my grandparents were pretty nasty to Dad when they first met him. But, what could they say now? There was no question that Mom, at least from a material point-of-view, had a much better life than anyone else in her family. She also felt that all that travel and partying and cruises made her "sophisticated". She loved to return home as and present herself as "the world traveler". My grandparents had been very wrong about Dad, and she loved to rub that in their faces whenever she had the chance.

As I watched Mom bore everyone with her travel stories and Dad sitting next to her, silently looking at investment statistics on his cell phone, I thought to myself: I don't know what I want from my life yet. But I do know what I don't want. I don't want to be like any of them: not like my grandparents, not like Dad, and certainly not like Mom.

I was constantly thinking about Yvonne. I couldn't help it because we were texting and sending selfies to each other continuously. I knew that she was spending Christmas with that friend who had gotten her the job at Gi-Gi's. I was glad about that, because if her family was as bad as she made them out to be, I could imagine being with them over a holiday would be pure hell.

*****

My parents left on yet another cruise a few days after we got back from West Virginia. I was so happy to see them get out of the house and to have Yvonne come back over. I hadn't seen her for nearly a month.

The next two weeks were the best of our relationship. As always, I took off my clothes the moment my parents left the house and was appropriately naked when she came over. She had gone back to her normal bossy behavior, so she took control of me as soon as I was in her arms. Her hands were all over my body and I passively allowed her to seduce me. If felt so good, being like that with her.

I served dinner, and as we were cleaning up, we noticed it was snowing outside. Snow storms weren't common in our area, so we watched the snow come down in my back yard for a few minutes before going to the hot tub room. We exchanged massages and sat in the hot tub with the lights turned off and watched the snow as it continued to accumulate outside. It went without saying school would be canceled the next day.

The snowstorm was the most severe the region had experienced since a record-breaking storm in the 1930s, so we were snowed-in for the entire week. Even Gi-Gi's was closed, so neither of us had any reason to leave my house. There was plenty to do, so we didn't get bored: Yvonne got me to improve giving massages and I got her doing more advanced yoga moves. We spent hours in the pool and hot tub, and more time in bed. We had naked dares, chased each other around the house, and took lots of pictures. We cooked together and I taught her several recipes so she wouldn't be so hopeless in the kitchen.

When I lost one of our dares, she gave me the only spanking that I got from her the entire time we were together. The spanking was different from the ones I was giving her: it was more playful and seductive than punishment. I went over her lap and placed my bottom at her mercy. She was totally fascinated with that part of me, so she massaged and rubbed my ass more than she slapped it. Feeling the caresses and the warm slaps on my exposed bottom, and knowing that she was taking in every detail of my bare backside while I was submissively lying over her lap completely turned me on. She knew that, and slipped her fingers between my thighs to give me a really great orgasm.

*****

The weather warmed up and the streets cleared over the following weekend, so after a week of non-stop sexual adventures in my house, Yvonne and I returned to school and resumed our normal routines, which included pretending not to acknowledge each other whenever anyone else was around. My parents came back in the middle of the week, Yvonne went back to her job at Gi-Gi's, and I went back to studying. It was frustrating that I couldn't see her. However, I realize something now. I think that one of the reasons we were so passionate with each other when we were together was because of the other times we were forced to be apart and couldn't see each other.

*****

Over the months we were together, Yvonne and I took hundreds of pictures of each other, as well as plenty of us together that were taken with the timer on her phone. Every single picture we ever took of ourselves had to be without any clothes. The rule with our cameras and cell phones was the same as it was when we were alone in my house, we could not use a camera unless we both were fully undressed. The same rule applied to selfies: no clothing could be in the picture. So, we sent each other a lot of nude pictures.

However, Yvonne was not satisfied with the growing collection of amateur images we had of each other. She wanted something special and more professionally done. In the middle of January I realized how determined she was about that when she told me that we were going to have a three-hour session with the famous erotic and glamour photographer Suzanne Johnson. I was stunned. Suzanne Johnson? How on earth did Yvonne manage to get a session with Suzanne Johnson? How did she even know her?

Suzanne normally worked out of Chicago, where her husband and son lived, but she spent part of her time traveling around the US and had a system for setting up temporary studios in the cities she was visiting. The place where we were going was one of those temporary studios. When we showed up at the door, we were greeted by a young woman who was wearing a skimpy chemise that was completely open on the sides. She was not wearing anything underneath. The only other items she had on were a cloth belt to hold her garment in place and a pair of deck shoes. She told us to got into a changing room and remove all of our clothing, to include the necklaces and bracelets we were wearing. I nervously undressed and did as I was told. I put my necklace and two bracelets in a pocket of my coat. Then, as naked as we could possibly be, Yvonne took my hand and led me to the main part of the studio.

Suzanne was wearing the same style of chemise that her assistant was wearing. She was naked underneath that one garment, and like her assistant, wore nothing else except a light belt and deck shoes. That was her normal work outfit in the studio. She kept the temperature warm for her models and did not want to be uncomfortable while moving equipment, setting up cameras, and giving instructions to her subjects. I later learned that style of chemise was popular in a European country called Danubia and that Danubian women typically wore chemises when the weather was hot. Suzanne liked the style, which was perfectly suited for moving about in warm temperatures, so that garment became something of a trademark for her. She bought several, in different colors, and rarely wore anything else when she was working.

Suzanne was tall and voluptuous, and pretty in a Victorian sort of way. She was soft-spoken, but at the same time very direct with what she wanted. Whenever she had a camera in her hands, her personality became very intense and she was somewhat intimidating. If you were her subject, you did what she wanted and that was the end of it. It was her profession to convert you into high-quality art, and it was something she was very good at.

The photographer had two ways of charging her customers. She was more than happy to photograph subjects who didn't have any money, as long as they agreed to grant her ownership of the photos she took and allowed her to publish or use them however she wanted. I knew that was the arrangement Yvonne must have made with her.

As I stood naked in the studio with Yvonne holding my hand, I realized that what we were doing with Suzanne was a just a variant of the streaking we had been doing outside a few weeks before. Yvonne loved to see herself naked and wanted to see her body posted around the internet. She wanted people to look at her. What better way to do that than to have someone as well-known as Suzanne Johnson take a bunch of high-quality figure and fetish portraits, show them in art galleries, and distribute them online?

Suzanne started the session by taking pictures of Yvonne by herself. She experimented with lighting, different backgrounds and poses, and with different cameras. She had Yvonne dance, stretch, lie down, and sit. Then it was my turn. Yvonne was totally excited as she ran up to me, squeezed my hand, and nudged me to move in front of the photographer's cameras. I took a deep breath, very worried about the commitment I was getting myself into and how it might impact my future.

Suzanne had a way of making a person submit to her and not hesitate about having dozens of nude pictures taken. As I danced and posed, the only thing on my mind was satisfying her. I don't know how she did it, but as soon as her camera started flashing, she established a psychological hold over me.

Suzanne directed Yvonne to join me and we started posing together. At first we were simply standing, or sitting, or lying next to each other. Little by little, Suzanne directed us to become more intimate. With the photographer moving all around us, we hugged, kissed, and caressed each other's bodies. We stopped just short of having sex. However, we were both aroused, and that precisely was what she was looking for. We had a hungry look in our eyes and our expressions. Now she was getting exactly what she wanted from us and her camera.

Suzanne's assistant was joined by a second woman who was a bit older, but like her boss and co-worker, dressed in a chemise that was open on the sides and nothing underneath. The two women quickly moved a round red cushioned platform into place and told Yvonne and me to get on it. We were still aroused, and at that point Yvonne took control of me. She got on top of me and pinned my wrists to the cushion and kissed me. She rolled me onto my stomach and massaged my shoulders and bottom. Then she lay on her back and got me to get on top of her and kiss her breasts. I was on my elbows and knees and my bottom was spread and shamelessly exposed. I didn't care about that at all. Suzanne and Yvonne had captured my imagination and my actions. It was a decadent photo-shoot and I had become a perfectly willing participant.

That was only the first half of the photo-shoot. There would be a second half: with me spanking Yvonne. I was very nervous about spanking my lover in front of a professional photographer. The spankings were the most intimate thing we had going on between us, but now we were sharing our secret with the artistic world. However, when Suzanne started giving me directions, I realized right away that Yvonne must have told her about her fetish before we started and that she wanted it as part of the session.

Yvonne settled over my lap and Suzanne took a bunch of pictures with several cameras from different angles. I felt that I needed to spank her convincingly, which meant spanking her hard. My companion went quiet as the minutes passed and her bottom became more and more red, and as the heat and sting that she so much loved built in her skinny backside. In spite of the pain, the only sound coming out of her was an occasional moan of erotic pleasure.

When I finished, Suzanne's assistants scurried in and moved the platform away from the cameras. They replaced it with a model's stand. Apart from that, there was nothing else in front of backdrop where the cameras were set up. So, that was just the first part of the spanking session. I wondered what Susanne was going to have us do next. Yvonne already knew. Suzanne told her stand up and put her hands on the model's stand. She obeyed, and looked at us with eager anticipation.

Suzanne handed me a paddle. It was a cruel-looking wooden paddle, much scarier than the leather one I was using at my house. When she saw the surprised look in my eyes, she commented:

"Your girlfriend and I have agreed that we want the second part of our session to be more intense. So, you're gonna paddle her. You've gone through this at school, so I'm assuming you know how to use one of these, right?"

"Uh... I... I 'spose..."

"There's really just a couple of simple things to remember. You swing through your target, and concentrate the swats on the lower half of Yvonne's bottom and the very upper part of her thighs. The pattern you're going with is a swat concentrated on her right cheek, then a swat on her left cheek, then one flat across both cheeks. Firm swats, but not too hard. The point is you want to stretch it out. Got all that?"

"Uh... yeah... I... got it."

"No safe-words, but the rule is you'll stop as soon as dark patches or blisters start forming. Then we'll keep her in position for a while I get some pictures and she recovers. After that, you two make up."

"OK..."

I knew enough about spanking to start out slowly. I caressed and patted Yvonne's bottom before I started spanking her. I slowly rubbed the paddle on her bottom and then tapped her a couple of times. She was nervous and anxious, which gave Suzanne some good facial shots to get her expression. I drew back and got ready to give her the first real swat.

POP!

Yvonne gasped and whimpered faintly. It turned out that paddle was going to be a lot more painful than she anticipated. She became nervous and worried, which was perfect for the emotion that Suzanne wanted to capture.

POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!...

Yvonne gasped and started trembling. It hurt, in a scary sort of way. However, she had committed herself and was not about to go through the humiliation of trying to back out of the agreement she had made with one of the nation's most respected photographers, an agreement that she had negotiated herself.

POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!...

I kept going, because I also felt it was important that Yvonne go through with the fantasy of hers. I had gone through a similar emotional experience the first night I went streaking with her. Even thought it had been my fantasy to go streaking, it turned out to be different than I imagined and the hardest thing I ever did. But afterwards, I was glad I went through with it. I would have hated myself had I not pursued my fantasy, so I never regretted it.

I knew that Yvonne would go through the same experience. She had requested a real and intense spanking, one that would really hurt. She wanted to have it documented with high-quality erotic photos. It was what she had been dreaming about for a long time. It would be different that what she had expected, but later she would think it was worth it.

POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!...

Tears were running down Yvonne's cheeks. She was actually starting to cry. Suzanne moved around, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible but wanting to get pictures of her model's teary face and her reddening and swollen bottom. She also took plenty of close-up pictures of me, trying to capture my look of worry and my determination to finish what we had started.

POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!... POP!...

Yvonne's body started shaking from her crying. Her bottom was covered with painful-looking dark patches. I glanced at Suzanne, silently asking for permission to stop spanking. She responded:

"Do what you whatever you can to make her feel better. She's in a lot of pain right now, so caress her and comfort her. She needs to be comforted, and that has to come from you."

I put down the paddle and gently rubbed Yvonne's injured backside. She stood up, hugged me, and cried. It was a moment of redemption and love, a perfect end to a very intense photo session.

A few weeks later, Yvonne showed me some of the pictures from out photo-shoot. I thought: Wow, those images are very powerful, and totally sexy. Just looking at them gave me an erotic thrill. We were not professional models: we were just two ordinary young women who had just turned 18. We had no experience modeling at all. That was the strength of the way Suzanne Foster did photo-shoots. She didn't like using professional models because she knew that a lot of photo-sessions with models end up looking fake and staged, with was what they are, fake and staged. What Yvonne and I had done was not fake. That showed in every photo I saw from that session. Our expressions, our postures, and our bodies: it looked genuine because it was.

There was no question about it. Suzanne Johnson was extremely talented at what she did. There was good reason she was so well known and so respected among the artistic and fetish photography communities.



Chapter 12 Patient Narrative - Christina Melendez - entry twelve: Planning for the future, and a visit to Davenport

At the end of the last week in January, I took a look at the semester schedule to make sure I was keeping track of all the tests and term papers that I had to finish over the next few months. I don't know why it hit me so hard at that moment, but I realized there were only three months remaining in my senior year. Classes would end after the first week of May, and on top of that was the 10-day interruption of Spring Break. Only three months left, and then we'd all be done with high school.

That looming deadline, the graduation date that would end our lives as we currently knew them, still didn't register with most of my classmates, and that included Yvonne. It seemed they were all still living for the moment. What was odd was that my parents weren't much better. They rarely looked at any future beyond their next cruise. My dad was a little better about that when it came to his investments, but Mom was as oblivious about the future as any teenager.

The fact that everyone around me was so complacent made me all that more worried about my own future. Although I had started looking at universities around the US in the fall, I knew that by the end of January I had to be a lot more serious about making my final choices. I did not want to go to college locally: I wanted to get away and see some other part of the US. I finally settled on two universities: a big public university in Boulder, Colorado, and a mid-sized school in central California called Davenport State University.

From the beginning it was Davenport State University that really caught my attention. DSU was built right on the coast, just north of Santa Cruz. It was a mediocre college in an overpriced state, but what appealed to me was the fact it overlooked the Pacific Ocean. I had always wanted to live near the beach and going to DSU would certainly give me that chance. The campus seemed really pretty, from what I could see from DSU promotional materials and pictures from the Internet.

However, there was something odd that drew my attention to DSU in particular. The art department had a promotional poster that featured a smiling naked young model standing on a rock with the Pacific Ocean and the late afternoon sun in the background. Her hand was stretched upwards and the camera angle made it look like she was holding the sun. The poster's slogan read: "Join us and set your creativity free! Begin your adventure at Art_DSU@mta.corp." I later found out the model was actually a student at the university and worked for the Art Department.

I wasn't planning to major in art, but the poster totally fascinated me. I know it sounds totally silly that a naked art model would capture my attention in the way that she did. At the moment, the promise of freedom she represented gave me hope that DSU really was a place where students could "set their creativity free."

I decided that DSU would be the out-of-state college of my choice and that I'd visit it during Spring Break. The university would be expensive because it was in central California, but my parents had told me they'd pay for my education as long as I was enrolled full-time, had a major that was "serious", and kept my grades up. "Serious" meant something science-based. No humanities major with the word "studies" attached to it.

The more I looked at DSU, the more I wanted to go there. They had a respected geology department, so I figured that would be as good a major as any. Geology was a practical field that didn't go too deep into theoretical mathematical formulas, so it was a major I figured I could handle and wouldn't stress me out too much. I proposed studying geology at DSU to my parents and their attitude was: "OK, let's go check it out."

My only doubt about going to DSU was what was going to happen between me and Yvonne. At the time I didn't see that as much of a problem. I knew that Yvonne wanted to get away from her rotten situation in Eastwood. I figured that if I went to California, I could take her with me. I'd have to get an apartment instead of living on campus, but if my parents were willing to pay out-of-state tuition for me to study in California, paying for an apartment would be more of an after-thought than anything else.

I brought the idea up with Yvonne. As I expected, at first she was very skeptical.

"California? You're shitting me. What the fuck am I gonna do in California?"

"What you're doing now. Giving massages. So, what you're telling me that people don't need massages in California? Besides, there's a professional massage school in Santa Cruz that gives out certifications. You could get an actual degree in what you're doing. Think about that. No more jerking guys off or putting your finger up their asses. You'd have a real license and be legit."

"I still... I just don't know about it. I mean, California?"

"And what's keeping you here? School's gonna be over in a couple of months. I'm not sticking around. I want something new. But I want you to be part of that. So come-on. Just come with me. You keep saying you want to get out of Eastwood. OK, I'm giving you a way to get out."

"And just where the fuck am I gonna live?"

"With me. My parents will pay for either an apartment or a dorm. It'll my choice, as long as I keep my grades up. If you come with me, I'd do an apartment."

"I dunno. I still gotta think about it."

She was really nervous and I knew her well enough to know why. If she went with me to Davenport, she'd be giving up what little control she had over her life. She'd become completely dependent on me. Our relationship would change, and at least for a while, I'd be the one in charge. That scared her. I understood her worry, but neither of us had any choice. High school was about to end, whether we wanted it to or not.

"Look, I'm gonna check out Davenport with my mom over spring break. I'll send you pictures, and also where we might end up living. And I'll also see if I can get a look at that massage school in Santa Cruz."

"I..."

"Why don't you just look it up? The massage school, I mean? See what you gotta do to get yourself enrolled and get certified?"

"Yeah, I guess."

Her lack of enthusiasm worried me, but I figured she'd eventually come around.

*****

Spring Break at my school started during the last week of March. I flew out to San Jose with Mom and she rented a car and we drove to Davenport. I immediately fell in love with the area. All those cliffs and coves, the winding road along the hills, and the ocean. What wasn't there to like about it? Mom was not as impressed, but she had been all over the world in cruise ships. To her Santa Cruz and Davenport were just a couple more pretty areas out of many she had seen.

To convince her that Dad should drop a bunch of his money at DSU, I had to take my visit to the Geology Department seriously. The major seemed like something I'd be able to handle and it was for sure the job prospects for a geologist were better than any of the humanities. I badly wanted to check out the Art Department, but I had to content myself with grabbing a couple of posters from their orientation center. Fortunately, one of the posters was the one of that naked model standing next to the ocean. I'd hang that in my room and show it to Yvonne as soon as had the chance to invite her to my house again. I hoped that the poster might help convince her she'd be making the right decision if she came with me to Davenport.

I took pictures around Davenport and of the beaches that were just west of the campus, to sell her on the new life I wanted her to have with me. I also took some pictures around Santa Cruz. I didn't get to go inside the massage school, but I got a picture of the outside. It seemed nice enough and there was nothing creepy about the students going in and out of the building. I really felt it would be the chance for Yvonne to do something positive with her experience at Gi-Gi's. I also convinced Mom to take me to several apartments around Davenport. I took some pictures of possible places I'd rent and sent those, thinking that Yvonne would be totally happy at the thought of getting away from her "old man" and "that fucking street-walker he's living with".

I felt so confident during that week in Davenport. I felt for sure that it was in California where we'd build our lives together. We would be with each other full-time, living our own lives, and not having to dodge my parents or the cliques at school. We'd have all the time we needed to figure out what we wanted from our relationship. Maybe we'd even get married.

*****

I sent Yvonne a bunch of images, but after the second day I was in Davenport, she quit responding. I found that odd and worrying, but with Mom next to me, I had to stay focused on DSU and convincing my parents why I should study there as opposed to somewhere else. I had to pass myself off as more serious than I really was and make her think DSU was best for my academic future, not because I liked the beach and wanted to start a new life with a girlfriend she didn't even know about.

Finally I got Mom's approval. She'd recommend that Dad pay for me to study at DSU. So, with a couple of DSU shirts and other souvenirs from Davenport and Santa Cruz I had bought for Yvonne, I boarded the plane with Mom to return home.

I was about to get my wish for college, but as the days went by, I was not happy. By the time I was sitting in a terminal of the airport in San Jose, I had not heard from Yvonne for over a week and her chats had not been updated. I was frantically texting her, but still no answer. When we got back home, I tried texting again, but it turned out that her cell phone had been disconnected.


Chapter 13 Patient Narrative - Christina Melendez - entry thirteen: Yvonne's disappearance and the end of the relationship

I was getting very stressed about what had happened to Yvonne, but I figured I'd finally find out when I saw her at school. There was a problem with that. There had been a meningitis outbreak in the District while I was away, so the School Board closed everything down for two weeks. No one was allowed in any of the buildings and we had to take our classes through remote learning. During all that time, there was not a hint of her. Her phone was still disconnected and I had absolutely no other means of getting a hold of her. I knew that she posted pictures online, so she must belong to some picture-sharing forums. But she had never told me which forums or her user ID.

To make matters worse, my parents were home that entire time. Dad was in and out a lot, but Mom was planted in the living room doing a bunch of contract work. For some reason, she took a real interest in my remote learning and watched me while I was working and checked my assignments. I was thinking: WTF? She's been blowing me off for the last five years and now all of a sudden she's interested in what I'm doing?

My parents tied up even more of my time by insisting I go out to eat with them. Mom started asking me a bunch of questions about how I was doing and what my life was like at school. After a while, I realized what was going on. I was about to graduate and leave home for college, and she knew I wasn't going to be around much longer. She had blown her opportunity to spend time with me over the past five years, because she had been sitting around drinking on cruise ships and beaches. It suddenly hit home what she had done. Now she was trying to make up for it. Uh, a little bit late, Mom. Still, I felt I needed to indulge her. I knew we wouldn't be seeing much of each other after I graduated, so I'd try to make her happy for the moment.

I had wanted to tell Mom about my relationship with Yvonne. I came close a couple of times, but it worried me that she had dropped off the face of the earth. Where the fuck was she? I decided to hold-off on saying anything to my parents until I made contact with her, and then hopefully I could bring her over to the house to introduce her. It would be embarrassing and weird to talk about her, only to have her never show up again.

In the back of my mind I always had that doubt, that Yvonne could disappear someday. In spite of all the time we had spent together, she had shared almost nothing about her personal life. She had deliberately made herself hard to track. The only reason I even knew about her job was her t-shirts. But I knew nothing else. If she disappeared, I'd have a hard time finding her. Was it possible that's exactly what had happened, that she had decided to ditch me? Was it possible that she had planned to ditch me all along?

When school started up again, there were only three weeks remaining for us graduating seniors. The teachers were frantic to get us back on the class schedule so we could finish on time. The whole mood of school had changed and everything was rush-rush-rush. There wouldn't even be a senior prom that year, partly because of the meningitis scare and partly because the planning got messed up with the District being shut down for two weeks.

Yvonne never showed up. I didn't know what to do, because I didn't know who to ask about what had happened to her. The day I got back to school, I saw that her locker had been cleaned out. That's when I knew, for sure, she was gone. But, what happened? Why would she have just disappeared? Why didn't she say something to me? Even just left a goodbye text, or something? How could she do that to me?

I didn't know who I could ask. I was afraid to talk to any of her friends 'cause they'd want to know why I'd be worried about her. It sounds totally stupid now, but in my school, we just didn't do stuff like talking to members of rival cliques. I couldn't go over to Eastwood to look for her, 'cause I didn't know where she lived. I mean, I knew that she lived somewhere in the Eastwood Apartment complex, but we're talking about fourteen huge buildings and thousands of apartments. I didn't know where Gi-Gi's was, or else I would have gone there to look for her. Anyhow, I didn't have much time to go out wandering around if I didn't know where I was going, not with my parents bugging me and the frenetic make-up schedule at my school.

I was very hurt and very angry, and assumed the worst. Yvonne must have decided to run off and ditch me. That was the only explanation. And to think, that was after I had talked about building a life with her. Fine. Fuck you, Yvonne. If that's how you're gonna be with me, then fuck you. In my anger, I deleted her pictures from my cell phone and bought a new SIM card. I realized that I didn't have anything else to remember her by, but I was in a destructive mood. When I deleted those pictures, I deleted her. Fuck you, Yvonne.

So, when I graduated, I was completely alone. I no longer gave a shit about the girls in my group, not even enough to pretend. I quit hanging out with them and told them the truth, that my parents were back and Mom wanted to spend time with me. That small piece of information really pissed them off. All this time I had an entire house to myself, with a hot tub and a pool, and I never invited them to come over and party?

The three last weeks of school blew by and that was it. My graduation ceremony was about a big a let-down as it could possibly be. I didn't talk to anyone and left with my parents as soon as it was over. I didn't bother to go to any after-graduation parties or talk to any of my classmates. I did not give any of my former friends my new cell phone number and I did not even take part in the high school annual signing. I was done with school and done with being a teenager. I needed to move on. I'd be leaving for California in a few weeks and starting over. I'd never see any of those people again and that was fine with me. I wanted to get as far away from high school as I could, both physically and mentally. I'd make a clean break with everyone and everything.

I decided to enroll in the summer session at DSU and move out to Davenport early. I figured there was no point in spending three months just sitting around at home, doing nothing and getting depressed. I'd live on campus and give up the idea of having my own apartment. Mom agreed with me on that and told me she wasn't sure Dad was willing to pay all that extra money for my own place, so that was one fight with my parents that I avoided.

The first evening I was here, I looked at the sunset over the ocean from my dorm window and thought about how different my life in California would be. I started thinking: maybe it's just as well things with Yvonne worked out the way they did. I'm still hurt about it, but now I can start something totally new in Davenport.


