Alice's Adventures in Polderland - part 6

(Alice has just enjoyed a quickie with an almost complete stranger. Satisfied, briefly, she looks forward to the rest of the day.)

Alice insides are churning. She's just had a nice hard cock blow its load inside her pussy - in the ladies toilet of a small bar. She realises that she loved it! Is this wrong? she's thinking as her three friends chatter amongst themselves around the table.

Suddenly, she's brought back to the present.

"Well?" Sarah is asking. "Was it good?"

They'd finally decided to enquire about her little escapade.

"It was delicious!" she admits with a grin. "I've not done it like that before. It was....awesome!"

"So...you'll come to the party tonight? The Sybian party?" asks Cindy.

"Are you all going?" asks Alice, innocently.

"Look, new girlfriend. You've not tried a Sybian before...right?" asks Cindy.

"Nope! Don't even know what a Sybian is," admits Alice.

"Once you've tried it, you'll never forget," Angie assures her. "We all go to this guy's place at least once a week to play. He usually leaves us alone, but this time he's inviting about 20 of his mates to watch."

"And probably join in," adds Sarah with a sexy smile.

"OK. I'll come along. But first I need to go back to my apartment and clean up and rest. It's not until 11, yea?"

"Yes, that's right," says Sarah. "We'll meet you here at 10 - his place is on Prinsengracht, just around the corner."

"Are you enjoying your first days in our city?" asks Angie, smiling.

"The best!" says Alice. "And I'll be back!"

She kisses all the girls, in the Dutch way, and goes out to get on a tram to her place.

Back at her apartment, she tosses her new dress and underclothes in the wash basket and takes a shower. She dries off, drops the towel onto the couch on the balcony and lies down naked to enjoy the open air. It's a beautiful afternoon, with warm sunshine, Alice drifts off to sleep.

Sometime later, she's woken up by a person shouting. She opens her eyes slowly and tries to focus. The voice calls out again.

"Hello!"

It's a male voice coming from above. Alice thought that her apartment was at the top of the building, but now she focuses on a man leaning over from the roof. He's not more than three metres from her and he's staring at her naked body.

Alice grabs the towle and tries to cover herself.

"It's OK, dear!" says the man. "I've been looking at you for ages. I know every centimetre. You are very beautiful"

He has an Australian accent, which she finds fascinating.

Alice blushes. She realises the man has been perving at her. She looks at him again. He seems to be a lot older than he sounds. Hus hair is greying, but, as he stands up, she sees that he's dressed in athletic clothes.

"I come up here for my exercises. Doc says I must keep them going. Never expected to have something as gorgeous as you to look at though. Quite spoiled my training."

Alice looks away, but realises she's not actually covered any part of her body from his fascinated eyes. She does, however, notice a very large bulge in his tight lycra shorts. She smiles.

"You can look, old man!" she teases. "But not touch!"

The man laughs.

"I'm prematurely aged," he says, grinning, "not old!"

"Just teasing," admits Alice, actually quite drawn to this very handsome older man.

Her wicked pussy begins to tingle again. She can't remember ever showing herself so completely to a total stranger before. She feels her legs involuntarily parting a little and her pussy gushes slightly.

"You're juicy!" he laughs. "Is an old man making you feel hot?"

Alice nods, reluctantly. The man laughs.

"Wow!" he exclaims. "I'd better go before I..."

"No!" cries Alice, now thoroughly aroused. "Don't go. Rather, come to my apartment. I'll give you a drink to cool down."

Alice stands up and goes inside the apartment, wrapping a towel around herself. She's trembling with anticipation - again! Her body is betraying her - but she needs a cock - again!

The door buzzer sounds and she walks slowly to the door. She know already that she's going to have sex with this guy, but she's still apprehensive. Is she becoming a slut? she wonders.

She opens the door and the man allows her to invite him into her apartment. 

"I'm Kevin," he says, extending his hand.

"Alice," she says, grasping his firm cool hand.

Their hands remain in contact for too long. Alice looks into his eyes and is immediately smitten.

"I want you to make love with me," she says boldly, and grinning.

"I know, dear," he says, happily. "There's nothing that would give me more pleasure. Here or on your bed?"

He doesn't wait for Alice's reply, but immediately starts to pull off his top.

"No, no!" cries Alice. "Let me, please!"

Still holding his hand, she pulls him with her to the bedroom. The two undress each other tenderly and carefully, pausing to exchange kisses and fondling each other lovingly. He is a great kisser, making her juices flow copiously each time their lips meet. Alice thinks that this Kevin is probably the best lover she has ever met - so far.

He teases her body with his fingers and his tongue, expertly bringing her to one, then two, then countless orgasms, each of which she cries out with delight. He seems to worship her body exactly as she wants, and he draws out even more orgasms than she thought possible. And he hasn't even entered her yet!

Panting for breath after a particularly severe session of orgasms, Alice pleads with him to stop.

"You've made me cum more times than I've ever cum before," she giggles. "I love you!"

"That's a bit sudden!" Kevin says. "I wonder what my wife will say?"

Alice stops in horror! She immediately feels very sad. This guy is just playing with her. She's now angry, but she sees that he's smiling.

"You're married?" she asks, still in shock.

"I was, until a week ago, he explains. "Wife, sorry ex-wife, left me for a young stud. Divorce came through last week. You're the first..."

"Oh, I am sorry. I thought..."

Alice was silenced by the deepest and most loving kiss she'd ever experienced. It almost made her orgasm from its intensity.

"And now...I'm going to have raw, wicked, passionate sex with you," he grinned.

"Yes, please," cries Alice happily, spreading her legs wide for him.

Having complete knowledge of her exquisite body, Kevin takes time preparing her for penetration. He rubs the head of his bog hard cock along her pussy slit, tickles her now very sensitive clitoris and plays with her hard nipples. By the time he's almost at the entrance to her vagina, Alice is literally pleading with him to enter her pussy.

With a wicked grin, he leans into her, pushing his hard cock straight into her pussy in a single thrust. Alice gasps with pleasure.

"Oh, yes. I need this!" she cries.

"Me too," agrees Kevin, beginning to thrust into her slowly and methodically. "Don't hurry, my sweet lover, I want this to last!'

(being continued)

[comments and suggestions to rockyhard4uc$gmail.com]
