Blind Date - a Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


I was down at the seawall enjoying the sunset when it happened.
Being blind, I can't actually watch the sun go down, but I can
feel the tranformation as it does, and I enjoy the smell and
taste of the salt air, and the sound of the crashing waves.
Coming down here helps me unwind after a boring day of composing
comupter code for the corporation I work for. I think being
blind is actually an asset in my job, having the code read aloud
to me by the computer makes it much easier to catch bugs and
other mistakes, and I feel really lucky to have a job at all
after the accident. Little did I know that my habit of coming
down to listen to the peaceful Pacific would prove lucky as well.


I was quite startled when a hand grasped my thigh. The only
reason I didn't scream was because I had just begun to sense that
someone was next to me. The sound of the waves had covered up
whatever noise she had made approaching, and I hadn't yet caught
the subtle flower scent of perfume (lilac? jasmine?) on the wind,
so I can't say exactly how I knew someone was there, but I did. I
say she because my senses told me it was a woman. Her scent, soft
touch, smooth skin, all spoke of feminity, but I have no real way
of knowing for sure. I began to ask who it was, but her finger
touched my lips in an obvious sign I was to be silent. She was
seated to my left, and her hand grasped my right elbow, pulling
the arm back, while she also grasped my left hand firmly, also
pulling it back. Before I could react or protest, my hands were
tied firmly behind my back by what felt like a silk scarf or
handkerchief. I tugged strongly, but my hands were fastened
securely and going nowhere.


I was about to yell my bloody head off, when the finger was
pressed gently against my lips again. "Why should I be quiet?" I
wondered to myself. "Some strange woman is kidnapping me!" But I
did not yell out. The finger trailed down from my lips, brushing
gently across my chest, and before I knew it both her hands were
at my fly, undoing my pants, and pulling out my now swiftly
growing penis. It might be a kidnapping, but I was liking it so
far!


I felt her long hair brushing me, as she bent her head down and
gave me a kiss right on the head of my cock. Her fingers
tightened around the base, allowing the blood to flow in (and it
was flowing!), but not to flow out. I was throbbing deeply with
each beat of my heart, and my boner felt like it might just
burst, it was growing so hard. She gently swirled her tongue
around the head of my cock, giving the little drawstring on the
underside an extra flick as she did it. Then she licked my dick
like an ice cream cone, starting at the base just above her
tightly wrapped fingers, and making her way slowly up to the
head. Again she swirled the top in a circular fashion, flicking
the underside two or three times. I gasped out loud from sheer
pleasure.


A thousand things were going through my mind. How could this be
happening? My god, we are in public, in plain sight! Is anyone
watching this? I could stop this by getting up and running away!
I don't want to stop this, it feels fucking fantastic! Is this a
setup? Is this a wild prank, or is this woman showing off for
someone special? Could we be part of a porno movie? God, that
swirling feels incredible! She is really good at this. Will she
want money when she is done? WTF!?


My anonymous lover kicked things up a notch, and began to suck,
not just lick. My cock slid into her velvety mouth, and she took
it in all the way to base, where her fingers still held me
tightly circled, then came back up slowly. She didn't stop doing
the swirly thing at the head of my cock, but she didn't pull me
out of her mouth to do it. She kept me inside, and swirled away
with the head locked between her lips. Fucking awesome! I no
longer gave a shit if anyone was watching, one person, a hundred,
who cared! Film it and sell the DVD, what the hell!


I was exepriencing all sorts of sensations. I could feel her body
leaning against me, the pressure of one of her breasts pushing
against my restrained left arm. I could feel her long hair, full
and silky, shifting against me with the up and down motion of her
head. I could just barely hear the sloppy noises she was making
over the sound of the surf, as she sucked and swirled her way up
and down my throbbing rod. I could hear the surf. I could feel
the salt air losing its warmth as the sun sank below the horizon,
and I was growing more aware of the light offshore breeze slowly
cooling the sweat that was forming on my skin. I could blame my
goosebumps on the growing chill, but I would be lying. Whoever
this woman was, she knew how to suck a dick!


She seemed as aware of sensation as I was. She knew when I was at
my peak, about to surrender completely to her expert
ministrations. Just as I couldn't stand the growing pleasure any
longer, she squeezed the base of my cock tightly, and doubled her
efforts. That tongue! It was doing a crazy dance across every
nerve ending in the head of my cock. I began to thrust
uncontrollably, but she rode my bucking spasms with skill. I had
already had two very strong contractions, starting the cum of my
life, before she relased her tight grip around the base of my
dick. I exploded! She had been holding back the tide with that
tight grip, and once it was removed, the flood began in earnest.
Jets of cum shot from deep inside my bowels, it felt like every
spurt started at the base of my spine, and rushed forward with
the force of a firehose. She kept her lips clamped around the
head of my cock, and took every spurt right into her mouth.


I felt her head raising up from my lap, and then her lips brushed
softly against mine, and I could taste just a little of what I'd
been so forcefully squirting just seconds ago. Then her kiss
became very insistant. I was practically forced to open my mouth
to her kisses, and when I did she shoved the whole load of semen
into my mouth, and our tongues played sloppily with my spend in a
deep french kiss. I was shocked, and still a little stunned from
the intensity of the orgasm. She pulled away, and I felt a tug at
the silk binding my hands, and then she was gone. The only things
she left behind were the silk scarf hanging loosely from my
wrists, and the immense load of my own semen in my mouth. I have
jacked off with the scarf many times since then, reliving the
intensity of that moment in fantasy, even though fantasy isn't
even close to a match for what she did to me.


You better believe I will never miss a sunset for the rest of my
life!


       &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
