** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'Vulvoid' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!

The Vulvoid Transform - Part 3
By Lisa James

The young man lay on the floor, trembling with shock and fear at what he knew was about to happen to him. The panties he now wore were engorging between his legs as their living form drew fluids from his own body to prepare for their adaptation of their new host into a girl. The gusset quivered as it grew in size and I could see the panty edges were digging into his skin, their elastic appearance belying the fact that they were more like claws with tubes to exchange fluids with the host. I glanced between my own legs to see the female mound that I now had - remembering the moment my vulvoid panties had been put on me - remembering the feeling of constriction in my former balls and cock as my panties also engorged. 

How I hated being a girl - how I hated being a host to those foul vulvoid panties. I was trapped in a girls body now, a slave to the whims of my intelligent breasts and the living panties that changed me so utterly. My cunt was still sore from giving birth, my labia lips still smarting from being stretched as they were, my vagina still sore from the birthing of the vulvoid panties that the young man before me now had on.

The bulge in victims panties was growing very pronounced, beginning to appear larger than the bulk of the young mans dick and balls. The panties were stretched by the young mans erect penis and the distended gusset - yet the panty claw edges kept the panties firmly in place. Periodically the engorged panty gusset would exchange the quivering for a more pronounced throb, as if they were flexing their muscles for the coming effort. I clearly remembered my own panties throbbing pulsations as their gusset began pumping their foul contents into my body. I remembered the shock of the first contraction that pushed so much fluid down my penis shaft, and the following onslought as they began to beat like some hideous sexual heart between my legs. Each beat changing my body more, until my poor penis was gone - replaced by the cunt I could feel and see between my legs.

The young man was crying and whimpering like a frightened animal, unable to move becuase of the paralysing substance my breasts had squirted on him earlier. His panicked eyes kept flicking between me, my breasts, my cunt and the panties between his own legs. I was still in shock at being raped and being made to give birth - I felt sorry for the young man, but had no energy to try to counsel him. What could I say anyway? Nothing I could say would help him cope with his violent change of sex. Nothing could help him deal with growing intelligent breasts or the sense of loss as his penis and balls shrank to nothing between his legs. Nothing could prepare him for the shock and horror of a cunt forming in the flat void left by his absorbed penis. Nothing could prepare him for the sensation of a vulva and the knowledge that this mouth between his legs was there to service the needs of the very panties he now wore.

The young man suddenly spasmd and grunted, I looked at him and saw the panties were now much less engorged, obviously they had pumped their first load of body conversion virus into this young man. His eyes were watering and I could feel his agony as I remembered the first throb of my own panties. The sensation of my penis shaft being ruptured and numbed by the sheer force of the injection of panty fluid. The panties were engorging again and had soon contracted again - the young man jerking in reaction. He gave a faint scream as the panties engorged again and pumped again. Watching the between his legs I could see a sight that few would believe - living panties on a host whom they were changing into a girl. It was a bizarre and shocking sight, girls panties on a boy that were beating like some alien heart organ. Each time they engorged it overshadowed the bulge caused by his penis and balls. Each time they contracted they pumped fluid into his body, but they also graphically showed the penis and balls trapped within.

Seeing the young mans penis shape in the deflated panty fabric reminded me again of my own genitals. I grabbed my mound in my hand - feeling flatness where before I had a cock. Feeling the lips of my vulva and running my finger in horror along my slit from my front to my back. 'I hate this fucking body!' I screamed. 'I hate being a girl! - Oooohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!'. Seeing me in distress feeling my vulva made the poor young man even more frantic. He was hyperventialting now, each throb of the panties had him gaspng and softly moaning. His panties were now throbbing regularly and strongly between his legs, and we could hear a wet kind of sucking noise each time they pulsated. I began crying again when my nipples stirred again and I felt that electric sensation that preceeded breast brain control.

Robotically my head swung in the direction of the panties that I had thrown to the floor before giving birth. They were lying about ten feet from me, looking just like any discarded pair of light blue girls underpants - except this pair was alive. This pair had a gusset that was slowly and faintly expanding and contracting as if they were slowly breathing. This pair had turned me into a girl, and only an hour ago this pair had raped me and used my new sex to birth another just like them.

My body stood up and walked over to the lying panties. Despite a frantic effort to regain control of my body, I was forced to pick them up and pull them on. Thinking about what these things had done to me I began to cry. My hands pulled them up my legs and I watched the respirating gusset as it drew closer to my girlhood. I loathed them and their touch and I knew that they wanted me to pleasure my foul sex organ again so they could feed. As they came to rest upon my crotch I heard a louder scream from the young man who managed to regain enough control to speak... 'Help meeeeeee!  Ohhhhhhhh god I cant believe this is happening! Pleeeeease god noooooo!!!! Help meeeeeee! Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh! I dont want to be a girllllllll!!!!!!!' he raged, imploring me with his eyes.

I stared at the throbbing panties between his legs and could see already a difference. His erection had gone and his penis and balls were obviously smaller. I wanted to run to him and pull the foul panties from his body - but my body had other ideas. One hand grabbed a breast and the other grabbed and began massaging my cunt. The man began gasping and stared at his chest. 'Ohhhh god somethings happening - my nipples feel wrong. Ohhhhhhhh no please no!!!!!!!' he screamed as his man nipples suddenly began to grow into the larger girls equivalent. His hands regained control and he grabbed his chest, one hand over each nipple and screeched as his hands filled with the very same thing that I now had to endure - breasts. 'Ohhhhh god no please not this - noooooooooo!!!! not breasts - no please they are so big!!!!! help, please help meeeeeeeee!!!! Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!' he screamed again. It took no more than 2 minutes for him to grow perfect grapefruit sized breasts which he held in his trebling hands. As I had also done, his hands now moved desperately to his panties and he stood - legs agape and desperately clawed at their edges trying to remove them.

The panties were holding on tight and although he almost tore his own skin trying to remove them, they held on tight. I watched between his legs at the pulsating panties and noted how much smaller his penis and balls were now - they must have been half the size they were before. He began to move towards me, menace in his eyes when he started to shake and convulse. I knew the reason - his breast brains were wiring into hsi nervous system. He stopped and began to scream and cry at the same time 'Ohhh god, I am losing control! I cant get these panties offf!!!! Nooooo! Please no. I dont want to have a cunt! I dont want to be a girl! I cant bear it! Please nooooo!!!' he sobbed hysterically while his body was forced to lie down again on the floor.

Strangely watching this young man become a girl was making me wet. My hand resumed massaging my cunt and I pumped my mound into my hand with greater and greater force. My cunt lips slid from side to side against my panties and my rubbing hand pushed the panties into my slit and against my clitoras. I began moaning - deep rythmic moans that somehow seemed to track the moans from the young man on the floor. Each time his panties pumped, my hand squeezed my vulva. In my mind I was reliving the horror of my own sex change as I watched his sex change. He screamed again and half way through the scream his voice jumped an octave or two. The last half of the scream sounded 100% girl and that made him scream all the more.

Moments later the hysterical young man thrust his hips into the air and screamed again as his hips flared and widened. We both heard the popping sound of bone remaking itself and we both looked in awe and shock between his legs afterwoods to see how little remained of his manhood now. His penis was no more than 2cm long and his balls were now a smooth, flat and fleshy bump that I knew would soon begin to split as his labia formed. My own cunt was thoroughly wet and so very aroused. If it had not been for the sheer fact that I hated the feeling and thought of being a girl, I would have been savouring the rising sexual heat. Again the young man screamed as the pace of the panties throbbing increased and the change towards girlhood accellerated. He was staring in slack jawed disbelief between his legs at the flatness that was now so evident. We both watched, crying, while his pathetically small penis disappeared altogether under the ruthless efforts of his enslaving vulvoid panties.

'I'm a girl!!!!!' he screamed. Yet I knew better. I remembered the same helpless feeling when I thought I had become a girl. But as I found out, having no penis or balls and having a cunt are really very different. Right now I would have done anything to just get back to the position where I simply had no dick. A cunt was an entirely different, completely invasive and utterly different state of affairs.

My massaging of my cunt was sending spasms through my body and I suddenly began to come, shuddering as I felt my vagina convulse in a swallowing action deep inside me and I felt a new release of vaginal lubricant. My panties writhed as they fed on my foul body excretions. 'No your not!' I screamed back as I thrust my still throbbing cunt in his direction. 'You dont have a cunt yet! Its so much worse than just losing your dick!!!' I screamed again, sitting on the floor now in front of him and watching his throbbing panties and the shape of his crotch beneath. He was crying uncontrollably - screaming out obscenities as the panties moved into their terminal phase.

I the flatness of his crotch, revealed when the pulsating gusset of his panties deflated, I could start to see a change. I could see the small mound of his un-parted labia, and near his arse I could see a small indent where it had started to split into the two halves of a vulva mouth. It was horrific and fascinating to watch this poor man as he writhed on the floor. His breasts wobbled each time he moved and the panties continued their onslaught. 'Oh god Im splitting open!!!! AAaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!' he screamed over and over.

Each time the panties deflated I saw the notch near his arse get longer. Over the period of a few minutes it began to dominate the small mound, growing longer and longer until it reached the space where his poor penis used to be. When the panties deflated now they sucked themselves into the crack and it was completely female to look at. Except for the fact that I knew he did not yet have a vagina, I would have assumed this person was now a girl. But the young man-girl must have read my thoughts becuase he suddenly grew wide eyed and shrieked as he had never done before, bucking his-her hips off the ground and pumping his panty covered mound in the air. I knew in my heart that he was experiencing that most horrific sensation imaginable - a vagina forming between his girls lips. He was experiencing the formation of an intensely violating hole as his reforming body grew an internal organ that connected his flat girls mouth with his girl-only internal organs.

Covered in sweat and with tears streaming from her face, the former young man endured one more affront - the growth of his clitoras. Her screaming became a rythmic, almost sexual chant as the clitoras suddenly enfused his new cunt with a most alien form of arousal. His clitoras swelled and his vagina began to get wet for the first time. As the panties slowed he was permitted to touch his new sex, and he did so with a howl of disbelief and horror. 'Im a girl Im a girl - oh god nooo!!!! Im actually a girl!!!! You fucking bitch - Ive got a cunt!!! Im touching my own fucking cunt!!! I cant bear it - its so flat, so invasive!!! Ive got a vagina for god sake!!! Noooooooooooo!!!!' she screamed whilst she frantically felt her vulva for the first time through her vulvoid panties.

I remembered the first time I touched my own cunt. The unimaginable sense of loss and the sense of violation simply cant be conveyed to anybody who has not been turned into a vulvoid girl. The former boy's hand was shaking whilst it felt the void between her legs, running up and down the length of her vulva slit through the panty fabric. "Where is my penis! Oh god no! my balls! gone.... they're gone!!! Oh god please dont let this be my body! I cant be a girl! I can be! Nooooooooo" she screamed

Her trembling hand roamed up onto her stomach, feeling the gentle curve of her new body from her arse to her navel. At that moment I could see the panties release their claw like grip on her skin and the girl shuddered at the sensation. She quickly slipped her hand under her panties and felt her cunt directly. Again she screamed. She pulled her hand out as if she had touched something hot and then thrust her hips forward and puled the panties from her body, throwing them several feet away and then slowly shifting her gaze back between her legs. What she saw was a bald vulva. She had the body of a teenage temptress, with full perky breasts and the tightest most curvaceous of vulvas. Disbelief was painted across her face, and again her hand went for her pubic mound. She spread her legs and suddenly screamed when her vulva lips parted. She stared down at her breasts and again cupped her cunt in her hand. Her hand moved inside her slit, from her clitoras to the entrance to her vagina where she pushed a finger inside her vagina for the first time. "AHHHHHHHH!!!!!! VAGINA!!!!! AAAAAHHHHH!!!!" she screamed then suddered and gasped and then, in shock, passed out.

I could hardly believe that I was responsible for this poor young man being turned into a girl - yet I was. The shock of his violent and merciless transformation was only beginning to claw into my psyche. Laying on the floor was a nude girl with perfect ripe breasts and a bald cunt - who only an hour before had been a healthy young man. Strange thoughts began running through my mind. I thought of Buffy the Vampire slayer and he battle with the Hell Mouth. In my mind however the hell mouth was between my own legs. My girls mouth that had just taken its first victim like some sick sexual vampire. While my thoughts turned again to this visualisation of my very cunt as a source of evil - I heard the door open and watched as the doctor and the general walked in.

"Most Impressive" the general said to me whilst surveying my body and the unconcious form of the new girl on the floor.

"I hate you!!!" I screamed at him and the doctor. "You dont have the right! You dont have the right! I've been raped! Oh god... My body... my body.... You cant imagine how it feels to be raped!!!! and give birth!!! To have some fucking thing push out of your body... Ohhhhh!!!!! I hate having a cunt!!! Please............ help me!!!" I continued whilst sobbing again. 

The men just looked impassively and said "pull youself together - you're going back to your room, you have earned a rest!" They then walked ot the unconcious girl and the doctor waved smelling salts under her nose and she woke up. She looked startled, looked down at her breasts and he bald cunt and began to cry again. "Stand up, pull your panties on and come with us - silence please!" they said to her. Her body like mine shuddered as her breast brains began to take control. She stood up like some glsasy eyed robot. Robotically she pulled her panties on and I could see the faintest hint of revulsion ripple through her controlled body when the panties cupped her new vulva. Her grapefruit sized breasts stood proud of her chest and her nipples stood firmly errect. Her breasts swayed and jiggled as she began to walk from the room, facing straight ahead and under complete control from her mamobellums. We all walked through the doctors office and I saw the two thugs who had initially brought me to Genetech standing to sone side looking all over the body of the new girl. You could see the look of lust on their faces as they stared openly at her largish breasts and very flat and curvaceous vulva. Despite her robot like control and glassy eyes, I could see the hint of a tear forming in her eyes as she stood awaiting further instruction.

Standing under breast control like the new girl, I nonetheless managed to grab and feel my hell mouth through the panty fabric - recalling the first physical sensations of my cunt that this poor new girl was undoubtedly experienceing right now. My cunt felt so flat and empty, yet the slit felt so long and invasive. Like the girl before me I also began to quietly cry tears of hate, frustration and deep loss.

"Would you like to see our new girl's equipment?" said the doctor

"Its just amazing!" The general said "I can hardly belive this girl was male an hour ago - just look at her! yes please show me what those panties have done to this subjects genitals" he continued

"show us your vulva now please" the doctor said to the new girl. The new girl was subtly shaking, yet was forced to comply - sliding the panties down to her knees and sitting up on one of the doctors beds with her legs spread. She quietly gasped as her cunt lips pulled apart as she spread her legs and just sat like some sad sexual robot as the men crowded round her staring at and commenting on her girlhood.

"Perfect! What an amazing cunt she now has!" the general said. "And you're convinced this subject is now completely under control?" he continued with his eyes now sliding from her bald cunt up her belly and onto her ripe mammobellum breasts.

"Yes" said the doctor "She is now completely and utterly under the control of her breast brains. From now on she will be forced to masturbate anything from 2 to 4 times a day to feed her symbiotic panties and of course her breasts will drive her imperative to find other panty hosts. In fact she is so under control that I am going to send her and this other girl to school tomorrow"

"what!" said the general, startled

"yes. I want to prove my point about the level of control so tomorrow these two will join my other girls and go to the local school. Can you imagine the horror and frustration of the host - stuck in a girls body and now forced to wear a little school dress and act the school girl. They will be in an environment with normal girls, boys, adults - desperate to tell their tale, to get help. Yet they wont! They will act sociable yet shy, flash their panties at the boys and basically look like any other schoolgirl their age."

"But what if they loose control? If they alert the world to our operation here?" saif the general

"They wont! You lack faith general! In fact the first lesson tomorrow is personal education if I am not mistaken! These girls can learn with the class all about the bodies that they now inhabit! It will be very interesting to see how they react to that!"


To be continued....

VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm