Adam let out a breath and stared out the window, debating with himself on what he was about to say. Even as he did this, his thoughts were interrupted when Brad cleared his throat.

“I’m assuming you called me for a reason, Sparkles.”

Adam licked his lips and turned back to face Brad. The sight of him had him fighting not to clench his fists when he realized just how similar Brad and Kris were in size though Brad was definitely smaller. After a moment, he forced himself to relax.

“You’ve got contacts on the East coast, right?”

“Of course, I do.” Brad raised an eyebrow. “Why do you ask?”

“Got any in the area of, say, where Gokey lives?”

Brad straightened and leaned forward. “Is there a particular reason you want to know what kind of people I would know in that area?”

“Not reasons that I can tell you.” He didn’t care how much he knew that he could trust Brad, this wasn’t his secret to tell. He wouldn’t betray Kris that way.

“It involves someone else then,” Brad said, nodding in understanding. He’d always been able to read Adam easily. When Adam didn’t say anything, he nodded again. “And since you’re asking about the oh so saintly Gokey, I’m guessing it involves someone from Idol. Using my superpowers of observation, I’m going to also say that since the last time I saw you was just after Rock Week and Gokey stayed an extra week and there’s only one other person who stayed that long as well, that this involves a certain Arkansas singer that the fans have dubbed Pocket Idol.” Adam tensed and Brad tilted his head. “Well?”

“He hurt Kris and that’s all I’m saying.” He knew he wouldn’t have to say anything else. If this were just a case of Danny insulting Kris, Adam wouldn’t have called. He knew that Brad would understand that this was something serious. Adam clenched his jaw and glared at the wall, thinking of what an understatement that was.

Brad stared at him for a few moments before slowly nodding. “What do you want?”

“Make it look random so that he doesn’t know what this is about. Don’t let them leave any visible marks. As much as I hate to say it, he still has to start tour rehearsals in a week.”

“You want him to still be hurting by then?”

Adam nodded. “Yes.”

“I’ll make some calls.”

That was one of the things Adam had always loved about Brad – he knew when not to ask questions. In this case, Adam couldn’t be happier about the fact that Brad knew people that were definitely outside of their usual circle of friends.

If Adam couldn’t go after Danny directly, this would have to do.

~*~*~

The first sight of Kris has Adam wanting to wrap his arms around him and take him to some island where no one would be able to find them. Maybe Tuvalu, it’s right there in between Hawaii and Australia, no one would look for them there. Then maybe he could get Kris to stop looking so pale and he could convince Kris to rest so that he didn’t look like one touch would have him falling over.

“Adam.” Kris didn’t say anything else as Adam pulled him close. He felt Kris shudder and tightened his grip around him.

“Are you okay?” Adam glanced up as he asked, making sure that no one else was around.

Kris nodded against Adam’s chest. “Yeah.” There was a pause and then he shook his head. “No.”

Adam closed his eyes, wishing that he could go find Danny and end him. “Do you want to talk about it?”

For a long moment, Kris didn’t say anything before he nodded. “Is there somewhere we can go where...where no one can hear us?”

“Come on,” Adam told him, pulling away slightly. “I’ve been wandering around here all day, I know where we can go.”

Kris gave him a small smile as he began to lead the way down a series of hallways until they came to a small room. It was empty and there were no windows, just a door. Adam had thought it looked like a place where you’d lock someone up but it was also the perfect place for private conversations since there was no place a person could hide and eavesdrop.

As soon as he’d closed the door and had Kris sit down, Adam raised an eyebrow. “What happened?”

Kris stared down at his hands, twisting his wedding ring. “I told Katy.”

It felt like someone had punched him in the stomach with the way the air rushed out of his lungs. “You told Katy,” he repeated slowly. Kris nodded. “How...” He trailed off, unsure if he should ask the next question that popped in to his head.

Kris’s hesitation was long enough to have Adam’s stomach sinking. “She hasn’t looked me in the eye since she found out. The few times she’s tried, she ends up turning away.”

Adam closed his eyes for a moment. “Kris,” he said, pulling him into another hug. “I’m so sorry.”

“Not your fault,” Kris muttered.

Adam’s fingers flexed against Kris’s back. “I’m still sorry.”

Rather than answer, Kris just shrugged and let out a breath. It was a few more minutes before Adam pulled back again. “That offer to talk whenever you need it still stands.”

“I know.” Kris rubbed a hand over his eyes. “I just...I just want to get through this right now.”

“You need to get some sleep.”

Kris shook his head. “I can’t,” he said, voice breaking. “Whenever I try to sleep, I keep thinking about...I haven’t been able to sleep much. I’ve just been napping whenever I could because if I try to sleep, I start thinking about...about it and about tour and—“

Adam moved back, stretching out on the couch, on his side, and pulling down Kris so that he was lying in front of him. Kris was tense for a few moments and then he relaxed.

“Don’t think about it, okay? I told you we’d figure this out and we will. But right now, you need to sleep. You’re going to need all the rest you can get.”

“What if—“

“No what ifs, just sleep,” Adam told him. “I’m going to stay right here so you won’t have to worry about anything.”

Kris nodded and relaxed further against Adam. It only took a few minutes before Adam felt Kris’s breathing begin to even out.

Letting out a shuddering breath, Adam wrapped his arms around Kris, determined not to let anything disturb him.

Maybe he couldn’t do much about what had happened yet but this, this he could do.