Michael heard the noises even before he fully awoke. He hadn't actually been asleep as much as he had his eyelids resting closed, patiently waiting.

Waiting for what? Nah... more like whom.

Through the open bedroom door, Michael picked up the usual sounds. Jangling keys, creak of the front door... door shutting, security code set, keys left tinkling on the wall hook. The thick leather jacket sliding off, crisp and tight, as it was thrown over the back of the sofa. The resounding clip-clap of $900 designer label, square-toed half-boots as they trekked from the living room through the dining room. Intense kitchen light was thrown on, followed by the loud explicative from the man unprepared for such brightness this late at night.

Michael puffed out a chuckle, stretching an arm to caress the empty space beside him. Normally ,it was full of warm, heated flesh, always smelling of high-priced liquor, tobacco, the faded musky scent of cologne and bodily sweat.

Brian... plain and simple. Michael wouldn't have it any other way.

He stared at the ceiling, laying crossways on the King-sized mattress. He was savoring the aloneness, contemplating what could possibly come next, filling up his growing loneliness.

Soon he was certain the refrigerator would be thrown open, glass bottles clanging and the retreat of those pricey shoes. Lights would be turned off, locks would be set and rechecked, ending with the soft clump-clump of the man coming upstairs.

Michael couldn't hide the foolish grinning. So much so, he nearly cracked up laughing at his own crazy thoughts. His life was too good, after being such crap. But the smile didn't last long.

Tonight, it seemed, was turning out different than other nights.

No lights turned off. No locks rechecked. Not even the sudden clump-clump up the stairs.

Michael held his breath, closed his eyes tighter. He was listening resiliently to what might be going on. His hand smoothed down his naked torso, rubbing over his flat belly and stopping at the elastic waistband of the shorts he wore to bed.

At hearing the scrape of chair legs on the floor, the thump of a bottle on the table top and the heavy sigh of someone in pure exhaustion, taking a seat for some much needed rest and relaxation, Michael rolled over on his right side. He reached out to grab a random pillow to squish under his cheek. He was already snuggling his face in the plush material when he discovered the lingering scent of Brian on the surface.

That triggered off a chain reaction of bodily responses. One of which made him groan from the ache, chest to groin, inside then out. Now that his body had become accustomed to having Brian in ways he used to only dream of... the craving was always there, needing to be fulfilled. Didn't matter what he or Brian did. At times, it was as simple as a thought or a word, even a smell that would turn out to be Michael's "trigger effect". Without even one shred of doubt, he resolved in his mind that something was bothering Brian.

Could be some minuscule mishap or a moment when Brian snapped and realized he didn't really want any of this. Any of whatever was being offered to him. Not the house. Not raising Jenny. Not the new relationship with Michael. And, surely, not what all of them entailed.

The Life

. The life hounding Brian Kinney since his childhood. The prison cell of monogamous matrimony. Well, just monogamy, in general.

Fundamentally, the number one killer of any great relationship going stale. And quite a higher mark in gay men's relationships.

But, oddly, Michael knew that couldn't be the case.

Why was he so sure? Well, because Brian would have gotten rid of him a long time ago. His patience wore thin kind of quick. It could be that Brian had remained for the friendship and sex, but Michael knew Brian would never sink that low in desperation. The pure torture would have been put to rest as soon as it had started.

So this had to be something else. A deeper psychological cut that Michael might be able to tap into, but hadn't quite figured out how to heal. The scar unreachable, untouchable.

In the last few weeks, Michael had known Brian allowed him back in. Not only in his life, in his body and into his head, but most difficult still became his heart. For years, Brian had continually locked his emotions away from being open and vulnerable. Michael was certainly aware Brian liked control and that even in a submissive role he could have control whenever he wanted. The difference being in his bed partner, his life companion.

A tough, strong Brian turned Michael on more than the weakened, falling apart one. He hated having sex in those moments. When it was clear Brian needed his strength, more than his own. Michael felt that even when Brian was the one to initiate sex and penetrate him, entering his very soul… Michael couldn't help sense he was, in some odd way, violating Brian. Stripping him bare and letting the minutes go by defenseless, a delicate heart unprotected, without saying one word. At times holding Brian until he calmed down, falling into restless slumber. Normally by morning, everything was forgotten or worse... Brian would be on the defensive, prepared to verbally assault Michael should he use what he had to his advantage.

To Brian's shock, Michael never did. Brian was always off the hook, allowed to be who and what he was, with no explanations needed. The only thing Michael requested of him, if he wanted to sleep in their bed, was that he always try to come home, whatever the time.

Michael wasn't a "pussy" when it came to Brian, he didn't whine or cling. He had continued to do what he promised Brian. He gave him room to breathe. Never even laid a million set of ground rules nor had huge expectations. Michael took each day as it began, thankful to see Brian seem to flourish. He would come to bed, falling asleep at Michael's side without much prodding or tempting.

Brian was here because... he wanted to be.

Michael never even officially asked Brian to move in. Brian was simply there and he never left. Michael had gone to work early, decided to come home for lunch and found the house unsecured and unlocked. He almost had a coronary until he discovered Brian in the backyard, busy doing what would constitute as laundry and, comically, building stuff.

And not simply any old thing, but items Michael had bought intending to make for the house, asking for Ben's help. Ben never seemed to have the time to bother, always working or writing, too preoccupied to do the task. Some things had been sitting around, collecting dust in the little gardening shed. Michael had intended to do them himself, but some things in his life had taken over, needing his attention.

Having no idea Brian was even construction-worthy, Michael was stunned. On a whim, Brian had left work early and took the rest of the day off. Apparently, he had been planning this day for quite some time.

Michael smiled sweetly at the memory. He opened his eyes, blinking, staring at the gorgeous wardrobe closet that had appeared from that very day of Brian's building duties. It was the first piece of furniture Brian had put together for the new master suite. It wasn't missing any pieces and actually looked better than the store-bought furniture.

Brian hadn't even squirmed at the idea of Michael delving into what he had been planning with his re-decoration project for their bedroom. Michael had come up with his own possibilities and ideas, long-ago. He listened to Brian's suggestions, recalling the certain style and flare of Brian's loft bedroom, then merged them. Easy to say, they learned their thoughts were similar enough to satisfy them both.

Michael was consistently amazed with Brian's grace of allowing life together to unfold and never making a bigger stink about the little things that normally tore couples apart. He had figured Brian would find any excuse to leave, but he never did. He kept returning home every single night.

The large doors to the wardrobe closet were slightly open, showing Brian's quick dash this evening to change for Babylon. Tonight had been his night to play part owner/club manager. The next two were left to Ted.

Michael glanced at the mismatched blend of he and Brian's clothes, marveling at how truly vocal the view was to him. The polyester/silk blend trousers with the well-washed and worn jeans. The cheap superhero t-shirts with the $200 rayon, sometimes sleeveless, button-down shirts.

Twenty-six days and counting. Well, not really. It was only when Michael looked at the calendar or his watch and "did the math" when he actually figured out how much time had passed. The time passing without Brian running away, kicking and screaming, toward the loft and his old gay bachelor days.

Michael knew the probability of Brian remaining anywhere, with any one person was a shot in the dark. A week, tops. If he had bragged to anybody, he knew the odds would have been slimmer.

Not that this type of information was something Michael wanted to keep private. He was only thinking about not ruining a good thing. Boasting or spilling the beans would add needless aggravation, people butting in where they weren't wanted. The added advice, from loving family and friends, would simply cause them to be pulled apart on different sides, once again.

Without even agreeing, Michael and Brian had let everyone in their lives find out of their own free will. If they asked, feigned interest with no sly cuts or innuendos toward either of them, then Brian and Michael felt comfortable exposing their new relationship and the blatant fact that they were coming very close to living together.

It had been fun a couple of times, playing their old song-n-dance for everyones' benefit to feel that they weren't too out of their typical characters. They didn't want to throw a monkey wrench in the mix that would certainly cause too much speculation. The best moments were when Brian ended their morning or lunch "g'byes" with a soul shattering kiss that rocked Michael to the bone. A few dazed and confused eyes usually stared for awhile until the subject of the discussion was changed. Neither Brian nor Michael spoke further about the misstep of their… uh, close friendship.

The scent of snuggling into Brian's pillow, and curling into his own needful body, wasn't assuaging a thing inside Michael.

Brian, obviously, wasn't coming up to bed, so Michael decided to cave in. They would have their usual late night bedroom chat downstairs, where normally they would be naked, legs tangled, both completely exhausted from a cluster of intense orgasms on the bed. One of them would be on their back, the other turned on their side and elbow bent to hold the head up. Pretty soon fast asleep, enjoying the essence of each other and the aftermath of sex and good conversation. By early morning, they would be cuddled together, almost clinging to each other from fears in their dreams.

Tonight was going to be at the dining room table, fully-clothed and formal. This discussion was going to be mega-ultra-super serious.

Michael had always been prepared for this day, never knowing when it might actually happen. He had high hopes it wasn't too drastic a change to their lives. The closer they were becoming, the more Michael realized how right they were for each other.

Brian was just finding this out, Michael had known all along. Before this very moment, Michael would have given this idea about a 40-60% shot (40% being in his favor and Brian not leaving him for something better ; 60% for the "shit" hitting the fan and all Hell breaking lose ; The ceiling caving in on his life and nothing mattering except making sure Jenny never made the same mistakes he did in love and relationships).

Now?

Now Michael could confidently say his odds were flipped. If anything, the "good" jumped 15% more. The end result being... a clear cut 75-25% shot.

Michael wasn't being egotistical in the least. All he knew, was 100% sure of, Brian was different, changed for the better. Still the same Brian Kinney at times, but mellowed. No fear, not afraid of change... and weird change at that. Weird change that would have made the Old Brian lash out in anger, running for quick cover, pushing Michael away further and further.

It was at these times Michael saw Brian seeming to, somewhat, beg him for more. Not necessarily the lack of closeness. No. They would forever have that never-ending connection. What Brian was looking for in the "more" category was the assurance that he was behaving. Even when he might not be so bad, Brian didn't want Michael to turn tail and skip on back to Ben or someone better. Brian wanted to be certain that the life they were building together was solid and wouldn't slip from under his firmly planted feet.

Slinging on a long-sleeved t-shirt, Red Cape Comics logo running down the arms and a collage of superheroes on the front like a class reunion picture, Michael climbed out of bed, trudging along the hall and taking a leisurely stroll down the stairs. Each step allowed him to view more of Brian. Until the last four steps as he let out a shy grin to see the handsome face buried in those sinewy forearms. Black mid-biceps short sleeves accenting the pale doe-soft skin.

Michael eyed the set of sweating beer bottle and steaming coffee mug, which he knew was actually hot chocolate purposefully made for him. Caffeine this late at night would keep Michael up for hours. He loved that Brian had locked away that nugget of information for a time when he would need it.

Michael circled the table, coming up behind Brian. As his arms tucked and bent about Brian's neck, he leaned down to press a chaste, friendly kiss to Brian's hairline. He rested his face on the hair, feeling the moisture of body perspiration and stale smoke of Babylon. He could still detect the expensive shampoo and hair pomade as he released Brian, drifting away to take an empty seat.

The cup and saucer were pushed closer to where Michael chose to sit. As he reached for the spoon to stir, Brian's fingers brushed half of his, using their "touch" as a small button of communication.

It was a normal tender, unspoken action used to tell Michael quite a few things :

"I missed you tonight. Babylon wasn't the same without you."

"We have to talk, but it isn't crazy, scary shit. You and I are okay."

"I love you. I would never intentionally hurt you. Never forget that."

Michael smiled into the first sip of his hot chocolate. "How was this evening?" He already knew the answer. He wanted Brian assured that they could talk about anything and everything, without fear of repercussions.

Brian lifted his head, arms still stretched and crossed over the table surface. He wiped the exhaustion from his face, rubbing the heel of one hand over an eye. "Oh... you know... the usual bore-fest." He shook his head, rolling his eyes. Like Babylon could ever amount to a boring night. He only wanted to convey to Michael that he didn't miss much. "I had to, of course, pick up Schmidt's slack. Take care of the business he's been lax in informing me about. Until I cracked the books open to find a reality I might not be prepared to face."

"What is it this time?" Michael knew Brian was pulling his leg. Things ran smoother with Ted in charge. Brian was simply talking bullshit to avoid the real issues.

"Possible embezzlement."

Michael paused upon another sip, recalling Ted's incident with some money he had mis-purposed for Gus in Melanie and Lindsay's name. Brian's teasing often took a drastic turn sometimes. "Seriously?" He decided to play along, pretty sure there was no truth to the claim. "Wow... how much?"

"$30,000."

Brian came up with the number so quickly, Michael feigned some true shock.

But Brian's cool demeanor didn't last for long. Michael's bed hair and creased face were killing his "buzz". Michael was way too adorable to kid around with for too long. Brian had lost his ability to joke, like he used to. "But he's cheeky. He's actually hiding it in the accounts. The club is $30,000 in the good. Schmidt's probably waiting until the moment I turn my back and he runs for the Cayman Islands with his new bride. Since he needs somewhere to go for a decent honeymoon." He waggled his finger, half-grin on his lips. "I know him, your so-called friend. He'll wait for the day he can have me bent over the table and fuck me in the ass... taking all my hard-earned cash." He couldn't look at Michael any longer, without letting his guard slip. "He'll steal everything, right under my nose, running away with his full-time twink, hibernating in the Alps for a few months. He'll let the dust settle before he returns, after schmoozing with those other Switzerland-ian crooks-n-thieves, burying my money so I can't ever find it."

"So, you're actually in the 'black' for thirty thou, not the 'red'?" Michael tried hard to picture this very scenario coming to fruition without wanting to crack-up laughing. Brian had lost him at Ted "fuckin' him in the ass". "And people think I have the active imagination in this relationship." He caught Brian's sudden body shiver from the wording of that sentence. He looked... tickled by the mere mention of their budding couple-ness. "You know this... how??" He was curious to figure out Brian's angle.

"This." Brian nodded his head toward the center of the table.

" 'THIS'?" Michael furrowed his brow, not having caught Brian's quiet gesture to the "this" in question. Brian had truly outdone himself with the hot chocolate tonight. "What this?" Michael began to wonder if the good-tasting cocoa wasn't some scheme to smooth a path. He was determined to find a method to Brian's madness.

"That." Brian was now pointing directly to the offending, inanimate object.

Michael lifted his eyes to where Brian had motioned toward. An innocent, engraved card tucked within the folded lip of a matching envelope. Brian had it resting in between the napkin holder and the salt shaker. Michael turned his head slightly to see what had gotten Brian in such a quandary. Oh… that… He quickly recognized the item.

“I'm not really upset.” Brian cleared his throat, throwing a flip of his hand in the air. "And I'm not assuming anything, but... were you ever gonna tell me?"

"Why?" Michael raised one eyebrow. "So you can ruin the day for both of them?" He stated the words clearly, pulling no punches.

Brian was a little taken aback, but understood why Michael used that tone with those exact words. What Michael didn't know was the changing relationship between he and Ted, since their own friendship had hit a major road block. "Funny thing... Ted brought it to the office to give to me. He said he didn't know if you'd get the opportunity to tell me." He crossed his arms on the table, causing his muscles to expand and shape. “Or that you may not even bother.”

Michael chuckled, rubbing his palms together. "Look, Brian... I was only doing what I was being asked to do. I, seriously, wasn't sure you'd be that interested." He shrugged, then pushed his mug away, crossing his own arms. "I apologize if your feelings were hurt."

Brian's brow wrinkled at the first comment. "What do you mean... 'doing what you were asked'?"

"I mean it exactly how it sounds. Here..." Michael got up from his chair. "... let me show you what I mean." He went to find the old roll-top desk he sat at to pay bills. He found what he needed in the slot he had placed the note in one week ago, envelope included. He brought everything back to the table. "Read it... and weep." He slid the whole package toward Brian.

Brian took over the pass, taking his time. "It's not that I don't trust you. I thought--" He shook his head and wondered what he was attempting to say, what he was thinking right this moment. All that had flourished in his head today and tonight, everything seemed concrete, not murky like it was now.

Michael covered a hand over Brian's forearm, smoothing the soft skin and fine hairs. "Hey... I'm okay. By all means, get frustrated. I understand. Believe me, if this kinda stuff bothered me as much as you think it does, I'd have been gone a long time ago. I knew it was odd that Ted made this request in the first place, but I was certain he had it under control."

Brian glanced up at Michael, periodically, as he read through everything inside the envelope. The contents were similar to his own invitation, except the tiny, yet informative note handwritten by Ted, himself. It was exactly what Michael had mentioned to him.

"Michael,

Try not to let the cat out of the bag too soon. I need some time to think about whether it's a good thing Brian knows or not. If I chose to tell him, I will do it when I want him to know. If you happen to let it slip, in passing, no harm. I know it won't be easy for you to hold this kind of information in, but I'll need the extra time to have the best opportunity to learn how to handle Brian properly.

Ted"

"Fuck." Brian soothed a hand down his face, feeling embarrassed for doubting Michael's honest sincerity. "I had no idea I was that difficult to deal with that I had to be handled properly."

Michael drank his tepid hot chocolate, savoring the delicious richness. "Look, even when we think things are running smoothly, we can't help reverting back to our old ways, our doubts, reactions and responses. Ted's instinct is to think you'll hate anything he does, on sight, no matter how important it is to him, or Blake. This is some pretty serious business for him. He just doesn't need anything to kill the momentum. Not that you would intentionally ruin his life, but that you might be some kind of downer for his impending happiness. Your natural cynicism, possibly reverting back to your attitude on gay men marrying like 'straight people'. Or the run of bad luck Ted's had in the dating scene... and with men, in general."

"Yeah..." Brian's tone sounded small, under his throat. "... I suppose that could be reasonable." He pushed his chair back, carrying the beer bottle, two fingered about the long neck, with him into the shadowed living room. Darkness always gave him a certain spectrum of safety, the calm quiet of sanity.

Michael heard the tell-tale signs of bruised emotions, of never being able to say "I'm sorry" to the way some people felt they had been treated years ago. Damn! He should have stuck with his first instinct to go ahead, tell Brian anyway, despite Ted's disclaimer.

Even though Ted had grown closer to Brian than Michael could ever believe, there was still residual hurt feelings leftover. Ted thought Brian had remained set in his ways, possibly able to ruin this great relationship with Blake. Michael was the only one who knew Brian was drastically, yet subtly, different these days. He finished up his drink, knowing what he had to do right now. Follow Brian. The topic, tonight, wasn't a dead issue.

Michael trailed a few steps behind Brian. He found him tumbling easily to spread out, lengthwise, on the plush sofa cushions. Beer bottle was placed on the floor, nearby. A dramatic arm curved over his head to block out whatever moonlight peeked through the window curtains.

Michael played it safe, lifting Brian's feet and seating himself at one end of the sofa. He slid off the calf-length boots, setting them on the area rug. Next came the socks, followed by a slow, methodical foot massage. The pads of Michael's thumbs applying pressure to the center of the large feet.

Brian attempted to chat through inner moans and groans. For the first time not realizing how much stress ended up falling into the bottom of his feet. "I, uh... Jeeee-sus, yeah... right... there..." He made a pained face at the relief. "I, uh..." He chuckled at being a little tongue-tied. "... feel the need to apologize... shit..."

Michael raised a curious eyebrow, finding that statement too interesting to pass by. "Oh? Why?"

Brian lifted his arm, looking at Michael under the shade of his bent elbow. "I thought maybe it was you. You, not trusting me." He shrugged at his simplemindedness. “Maybe a bit ashamed.” He didn't know how to explain why he had felt that way. Probably for quite awhile since they'd begun this new aspect of their relationship.

Didn't take long for Michael to figure out Brian's fear. "You thought I purposefully kept you in the dark, because I didn't want to be seen with you? I'm guessing as your date. Like a, uh, boyfriend-thing? In public?"

“In my head, you were the Bad Guy. Things seemed clear cut and full proof.” Rolling his eyes and re-covering his face in shame, Brian sighed heavily. "Now, as you're saying it out loud, vocalizing my own thoughts, I sound like a totally lame asshole."

"Residuals, honey." Michael comforted Brian as he spoke, using his "mothering" tone. "They'll diminish the longer we're together like this." He was working his way up under the cuff of the pants, around the thin calf and long muscles. It made his mouth water to feel the heat and softness of the skin under his hands.

Brian couldn't look away from Michael. "You really wanted to take me?"

"Be seen with you?" Michael smiled, winked and finished his statement. "Yes... very much so."

"Shit. I am an idiot." Brian declared on another long, heavy sigh. He was inwardly grinning at hearing Michael's calm assurance.

"No. You're actually getting adorable, in your old-geezer crankiness."

Sliding up onto his elbows, Brian raised his torso to see Michael better. "Say those words again, in accordance with my name... and I might pinch a nipple." His gentle threat seemed serious.

"Brian, you've waited too long to figure out ways to punish and torment me." Michael decided to move his body, slinking up Brian's frame. Perhaps giving the slight illusion of laying on top of him. "I might begin to see that kind of action as 'foreplay'."

Brian squinted his eyes on Michael's approaching face and body over him. "Then say those words again and I won't bother to pinch... twist, suck, flick, bite, lick, blow on..." Before he could complete the grocery list of nipple atrocities, Michael silenced him with a sudden kiss, deepened and intentionally forceful to throw Brian off his guilty thoughts.

Michael loved what he could do to Brian in one simple mesh of lips. Once a tight, stressed piece of bone, muscle and flesh... now a loose, relaxed and pliable form of radiating warmth.

Brian let Michael sink into him. Or did he simply allow his own body to absorb Michael, like always? Either way, Michael felt needed. Brian wasn't able to be comforted unless Michael was eased and that alone was good to know. He seemed to crave this time together.

Michael broke away, laughing. "No... you know what's funny? I thought you weren't ready to announce us. I haven't told anyone... anything."

"Neither have I." Brian reached up a hand to comb through Michael's dark locks, almost sure he deciphered a "purr" in Michael's throat. His most favorite part was the knee drawing up, between his thighs. He caught the action with the tightening of his legs. He never realized slow, conversational foreplay could be such a turn-on. He had some idea it was something to do with his ever-evolving attraction to Michael, coupled with the deep, enriching affection and love. Could also be that Michael was turning out to be, quite possibly, the best repeat sex partner Brian had ever had. Possibly the greatest life partner too. He wasn't going to boast, in case it was a fluke.

"Were you, also, simply letting people find out on their own?" Michael leaned high on the back of the couch.

"Yeah."

"Waiting to see if anyone cared, got suspicious and asked you pertinent questions?"

"Yup."

"Hasn't happened, has it?"

"Nope."

"Well... that's kinda discouraging." Michael turned his face away, resting his body on Brian's, falling into the crease of the back cushions and Brian's side. "Have we lost our interesting quotient? Have we become complacent in being unique and original?"

"No." Brian emphatically shook his head to decline in response. "No... not really."

"How so?" Michael tilted his head in an inquiring manner.

Brian reached up to smooth the back of his hand down Michael's cheek, adoring the way the dark head leaned into the mere touch. "Here's how I see it... we've, apparently, been this way for years in front of everyone. We haven't bothered to explain ourselves, defying odds that we'd be separated because we're opposites. We look... dare I say it, normal. Like every other day they've seen us together. For them to really notice or take a smidge of interest, we're either gonna have to tell them... or do something pretty spectacular to open their eyes in curiosity."

"Like what?" Michael was desperate to know exactly what Brian considered "spectacular".

Brian shrugged one shoulder. "I don't really know… or care." He did know one thing, he wasn't about to let anyone blunder their way into what he had with Michael, at this point. It was going better than he had even hoped.

"Yes you do."

"I won't argue about this while I've got you in my arms." Brian wrapped an arm about Michael to hug him close, squeezing him affectionately.

"Agreed." Michael quickly pecked Brian's cheek, then curled into the warmth under him.

"Did you call your Mom to check on Jenny today?" Brian knew how much of a worrywart Michael was when Jenny wasn't with him. Much more so when Debbie had Jenny in her keeping, no telling what could be happening.

"Once... maybe. I don't know. I almost called twice, but I got sidetracked with the interviews I had today."

"You know I was joking when I said you needed to find yourself an 'acting' manager for Red Cape. I know you've had some trouble finding permanent employees just for your part-time positions."

"No. You were right. I do need to think about finding someone who can run this store if I should need to leave for a few weeks. I always had someone to fall back on, but--meh." Michael didn't even want to mention the two men who were missing in their lives that had helped him out in the store, Uncle Vic and Justin.

Brian knew which two people Michael had meant. "Are you going to be okay?"

"With what?" Michael raised a curious eyebrow, even though Brian couldn't see it.

"Jenny's return home." Brian realized too late he had said something wrong. "To Toronto."

Michael tucked his face into Brian's chest, his hand gripping the silky material of the shirt. "This is her home." He stated strongly, his voice steady.

"You know what I mean." Brian reached up a hand to brush through Michael's hair at the back of his head.

"Yes, I do know what you mean. And you don't need to remind me how much time I don't have left."

"Michael..." Brian paused, trying to find the right tone to keep Michael from being mad at him for reminding him of what was going to happen at the end of this week. "... you've had her almost a month. She needs to go back to start school."

"Jenny can start school here."

“As much as I hate admitting this, Jenny needs to go back to her home in Toronto.” Brian secured both arms about Michael's body. "You knew it wasn't a done deal to begin with. Mel gave you the time you needed to make sure Jenny could cope on her own, away from you."

"You think she'll be okay?"

"I know she will. She's a trooper. She's your daughter, Michael, have some faith in her."

"Oh, I have no doubts she'll do great. It's me I'm worried about... and Jenny's penchant for worrying that I worry." Michael cupped Brian's shoulder joint, rubbing the surface. "Do you think she really wants to go back?"

"No, but I'm fairly certain she knows what needs to happen to please all parties involved."

Michael's soothing moves paused. "She's told you something, hasn't she?"

Brian shrugged one shoulder. "Maybe, but it was between her and I. I made a promise I wouldn't squeal on her."

Michael tip-toed his fingers toward Brian's loosening buttons. "Sure there isn't... some way..." Two buttons freed themselves. "... I can convince you." A third and fourth followed quite successfully. "It would be in both our best interests for you to..." He reached the trousers belt, undoing the last button, sweeping the material aside to caress the well-stacked abdomen. "... hand over the information." Michael's hand tried to dip under the belt, but Brian prevented the access.

"Whoa, now! Bribery will get you everywhere, except there." Brian brought the sneaky hand to his mouth and gently kissed the knuckles.

Michael thought it odd that Brian didn't want to engage in some kind of sexual foreplay at this point. Something else must be on his mind. "What is it?"

Brian had been staring at the structure of Michael's hand, when he realized he'd been asked a question. "What?"

"Is there something else rambling in your thoughts? Something else you need to ask me?"

"I don't know. It's something Ted asked me when he gave me the invitation." Brian didn't say one more word, knowing he'd already sparked Michael's interest.

"I'm not begging you this time." Michael murmured his words against Brian's bare chest.

"I don't really think it's anything, but it was a weird request."

"Ted made a weird request? Of you?"

"No... of you. I suppose he thought he had to come through me in order to... uh, feel you out on the issue."

Michael grew even more curious. He lifted himself to look down at Brian. "Spill, Kinney." He tried to use his "forceful" voice, but failed. Especially when he could see directly into those hazel depths so closely, losing concentration. "What issue?"

"Jenny."

"What about Jenny?"

"Ted wants to have a shot at watching her one evening."

Michael furrowed his brow. "Why?"

"Parental training with Blake, I guess."

Michael was sent into complete silence, somewhat in disbelief. "And what did you tell him?"

"I told him to 'fuck off' and ask you. I wasn't your keeper."

"No you didn't."

"Okay, I lied. I did tell him I wasn't your keeper, though."

Michael snickered lightly, then thought about the request. "Think he's trying to give me a free night on the town or something? Or you think he's serious about learning if he and Blake can cope with being 'proper parents' after their wedding?"

"Two ex-drug addicts. One an ex-Party Boy, the other an ex-wet blanket..."

"Brian..." Michael shook his head in secret shame at Brian's audacity sometimes.

"How the hell should I know what Schmidt's thinking these days. Look at what he's planning on doing with his life for the next fifty years. Hey, wait--" Brian paused, his thoughts a jumbled mess. "... you really think he wants to let you have a free night? Do you know how long it's been since you and I have been at Babylon... together?"

"Too long. Ever since... shit... I can't even recall how long ago."

"It's embarrassing to admit how long it has been."

"So let's not say a thing. But let's plan on granting Ted his request."

“You don't have to do this for me.” Brian took Michael's chin in his grip. "I know how precious your time is with Jenny."

“I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for my own selfish purposes.” Michael took Brian's wrist in his own grasp. "I miss you and Babylon. More importantly, I miss being able to watch you at Babylon." He slunk down to nudge his face against Brian's.

"Things are different... now that I'm the owner."

"The King of Babylon in his rightful throne. How could that be any different?"

"No... I mean..." Brian couldn't even remember what he had meant to mean. He did have a point to make, but it was slipping away the more Michael suckled at his neck. He just might have to give in and suffer these dreadful consequences awaiting him. "… shit... fuck..."

"Have I taken your breath away, Mr. Kinney?" Michael blew out a chuckle against Brian's wet skin.

"You always do, Mr. Novotny... you always do..."

Sometime, in the early morning hours of the following day, they did make it upstairs into their bed to sleep, after fooling around a bit on the couch.

~~TBC...