Madison’s Swimsuit Malfunction
by CastorbeanBen

Wife shows coworkers more than she intended.

Note from the author: Inspired by the master, DonnerBBQ, I have decided to record some of the wild events unfolding between my wife and me. We have been together for seven years, having tied the knot in college after only a year of dating. That is usually a recipe for disaster, but we have made it work. I am, against my will, 31 years old at the time of writing this. My wife, Madison, is 28. I have zero experience writing for sites like this. Total beginner. Still, events in my life have led me to research exhibitionism and good-natured misbehavior, leading me to discover that we are not unlike many of the happy couples in this genre. Please leave me a gentle comment; I thrive on encouragement and respectful critique. You can also leave me some ideas, as I would love to write more fiction! All of my stories are fictionalized, but all have a helping of truth unless I note otherwise. Enjoy!

*****

The foundation of any good wife story is the wife. My wife, Madison, is absolutely amazing. She is that rare sort that toes the line between hot and cute. The hotness is the motivating factor in many of the stories I will write, her good looks attract much attention wherever we go, but the good looks wouldn't be anything without her adorable personality. Madison is small, standing 5'1 with the coveted yoga-toned physique, a great perky chest that is magically too big for B cups and not quite ready for a C, and an ass that has kept me returning for more while the 7-year itch systematically crumbles love lives all around us.

She has shoulder-length medium blonde hair that is almost always in a messy bun, gorgeous hazel eyes, a lightly freckled face, and a nearly permanent smile that can pull you in and melt your heart. Madison developed a love of fitness and flexibility at the onset of the 2020 pandemic, and she has really come a long way in a short time. Where she used to be small and trim, now she is small and fit. I promise the difference shows up in the Instagram likes, so it's not just in my head. All of that is great, but it is eclipsed by Madison's fun-loving, mischievous, kind-hearted nature. She's the sort of person who takes the arm of whomever she is walking with, kisses her friends on the cheek for every selfie, and nearly needs to be chased off with a stick if you don't want her to hug you. She's bright, feisty, sexy, and perfectly lovable. There's more to say, but I'm sure this nausea-inducing paragraph will suffice for now.

I am not as aggressively affectionate as my wife, but I am also a fun-loving, young-at-heart guy with a competitive nature and a love for adventure wherever I can find it. I am tall, 6'3" when I lie up a few inches, reasonably attractive, and as built as you can be without having the motivation to actually work out consistently. In college, they called me "Huge Hugh," mainly in reference to my quads from years of mountain biking. These days, I'm just Hugh, the easygoing husband of the much more entertaining Madison. Our personalities sometimes get us in trouble, as we wind up competing with each other. I think that this story will serve as an excellent foundation to illustrate the push-pull in our relationship that gets us into precarious situations.

Madison and I were invited to a party at one of her coworkers' homes to celebrate the unveiling of a brand new hot tub, part of a massive deck and swimming pool project that he had been working on all spring. He had been talking about it nonstop and made everyone in their work friend group promise to come out for a Saturday evening party once it was installed. I had not spent much time with Madison's coworkers before this other than a few game nights and cookouts, but she had grown much closer to them since their company resumed in-office work during a coronavirus lull. I am self-employed, so I wasn't affected by the pandemic very much, but many of Madison's friends had taken other jobs or moved away during the past year. Given her fun-loving and clingy personality, she naturally began spending more time with her work friends. They were an okay bunch, we got along well, and I was happy for a chance to check out the pool since I was thinking about taking on a similar yard renovation next summer.

We were getting ready to head out to the party. I had just thrown on some board shorts and a T-shirt, and Madison was in the bathroom doing her makeup and getting dressed. I heard her laughing from where I was hanging out in the bedroom. "What's so funny in there?" I shouted casually.

"Come and see for yourself!" Madison called from the bathroom. I walked to the ensuite bathroom and saw what she was laughing about.

A couple of years ago, Madison had invested in what she called her "drop jaw moment" bikini. A classic white string bikini that had undoubtedly been a bold move at the time, but now the effect was double. The top still fit perfectly, the seductively curved triangles of fabric cupping her breasts perfectly, leaving enough of her chest exposed to make holding eye contact difficult, even for her husband of 7 years, but not so skimpy as to be worried about wardrobe malfunctions all night. The change was with the bikini bottoms. I guessed that shrinkage from the dryer combined with two years of dedicated gym work had teamed up to make them the wrong size altogether. She gave me a couple of spins to check out the ensemble.

"What do you think? My butt has gotten a bit bigger, so I have to position the suit more towards the back, and even when I do that, it's basically a thong now, and it barely leaves anything up front!"

She was right. Practically her whole ass was on display with just a tiny triangle of white fabric at the top. The strings hung seductively over her hips and joined together in the front with another triangle of white fabric that was enough to cover the important bits but not quite enough for casual poolside socializing. It was almost like something they would wear in Playboy, not something you would typically wear around coworkers.

"Wear it! I think you'll be very popular," I said with a wry grin.

Madison laughed again and pulled at the strings of the bikini bottom.

"Okay, challenge accepted," she said, returning my smirk as she walked out of the bathroom and over to her dresser. She took out a pair of loose linen shorts and pulled them up over her swimsuit bottoms, then added a tank top to complete the outfit. I wondered if she would actually take those shorts off to swim or if she was just messing with me.

I was slightly surprised by the whole situation, but this was just the kind of thing that happened. One of us would make a joke, and the other would keep pushing the bit until one of us caved. It was our brand of fun, and this was just a new way to play. We gathered the rest of our stuff, drove to a convenience store to grab some drinks for the party, and then set off for her coworker's place. Her coworker, Phil, lived around 20 minutes away in a reasonably nice neighborhood. I liked Phil well enough. He was around my age, single, with no kids, and shared Madison's fun-loving disposition. I knew from work stories that he was often a bit flirtatious, but that isn't uncommon for single folks our age. Most of the people in her work friends' group chat shared racy memes, spoke primarily in innuendo, etc. I never thought much of it, and I wasn't above a little bit of fun as long as everyone was respectful of each other's boundaries.

Pulling up to Phil's house, there were already a few cars in the driveway and parked on the street. We were right on time, so we headed up to the front door and rang the doorbell. Phil answered the door with a beer in his hand and greeted us enthusiastically.

"Madison! Hugh! Glad you could make it, come on in!"

Madison stepped in first, returning his enthusiasm by charging right in for a hug.

"Phil! Your house is so nice, why didn't you invite us over sooner?" she chirped up at him.

Phil wrapped one arm around her, returning the hug while stumbling back and holding the beer away to avoid spilling it.

"Jeez, don't break my ribs," Phil chuckled. "I wanted to wait until the place was done before I had guests over. You're the last ones to arrive, let me show you around, and then we will get some food going!"

Madison peeled herself off Phil and took a few steps into the foyer. Phil shook my hand, and we set off to see the place.

His house was very nice. It wasn't huge, maybe 2 or 3 bedrooms, but it had been renovated very tastefully. Phil was a handy guy and probably did most of the work himself. While the inside was nice, the yard was absolutely wild. Phil had about a quarter acre of land, and most of that was taken up by a massive deck that stepped down to a stone patio with an in-ground swimming pool. A neat standalone shack housed a large hot tub, as promised. It was the kind of mismanaged extravagance that appealed to all bachelors his age.

Most of Madison's team was hanging out on the deck, and they greeted us warmly. Madison set off to do her round of hugs and hellos while Phil showed me around the yard. Taking an inventory of everyone there, I saw Phil, Tom, Peter, Lena, Cal, Mark, and a few other coworkers whom I hadn't met but maybe once or twice in passing. Larry, their supervisor and beloved father figure in their posse, couldn't make it today but asked them to send photos from the party since the whole team was together.

Tom started grilling some burgers and brats as Phil bombarded me with pool, patio, and hot tub specs that meant almost nothing to me, but he was excited, so I mirrored his enthusiasm. Pretty soon, we were all hanging out together on the deck, enjoying food and knocking back a few beers. It was a great hangout spot; we all agreed it would be the summer base of operations.

With everyone fed and with absolutely no respect for the 1-hour-before-swimming rule, we all decided to hit the pool. Most everyone was in their suits already, minus Madison. Me and most of the guys went ahead and jumped in, Lena, one of Madison's closest friends from work, had brought her camera to take a few photos, so she just put her feet in the water. She had a photography side business and was actually pretty good.

Madison stood by the pool's edge and slowly stripped off her tank, revealing her white string bikini top. It was doing a great job showing off her fantastic body, even with the shorts still on. She was met with a few cheers from the guys in the pool, which she graciously accepted with a smile and a twirl. Once the first set of hollers calmed down, she shot me a playful grin, dipping her thumbs into her waistband. A jolt of excitement and hesitation went through me, as I didn't know if she was really planning on showcasing the daring bottoms around the people she saw at work every day.

"Oooh, hold on, babe," Lena shouted from her seat at the opposite edge of the pool. She drew her camera up to take a photo. Madison struck a dramatic pose, thrusting her chest out and using her thumbs to pull down the front of her shorts seductively. Everyone cheered and laughed while Lena snapped a few photos. Maddie did look quite striking in the evening sunlight, the golden hour beams making her look much more tan than usual and accentuating her toned stomach and perfect B-cup tits.

Now done with the runway, she met my eyes again, slowly lowering her shorts. Just as her bikini bottoms were coming into view, she changed her pace, squatting down and quickly stepping out of them and diving straight into the pool. I heard a few groans from the guys who were expecting the poolside striptease to continue, but everyone got back into the spirit of things and started swimming or wading around while making light conversation. Madison swam and splashed around in the water between conversations with her coworkers. I noticed a few of her coworkers struggling to keep their eyes off her tits while they conversed, but she mostly kept her bottom half underwater, so the tiny bottoms weren't the major distraction they otherwise would be.

The sun was setting quickly, and a few people decided to head home. Madison and Lena were the only girls left, and I knew most of the guys that stayed. There were maybe ten people left, all part of her tight-knit friend group at work, so I imagined we would all hang out reasonably late into the night. Phil decided it was time to move to the hot tub, so he climbed out of the pool and went to get it ready.

Madison made her way to get out of the pool, and Lena called for her to strike another pose while she came up the ladder. Madison obliged, dramatically hoisting herself up the final step out of the water, thrusting her chest forward, throwing her hair back, and striking a surprisingly sultry facial expression. Lena had flipped the camera flash on and snapped the pic. As she pulled herself out of the water, the guys were treated with an insanely good view of her ass. Her white bikini bottoms were barely more than a thong, and whistles and cries of oh-my-god rang out. Madison laughed and quickly scampered over to grab a towel, and I don't think an eye left her the whole short trot.

All in all, it wasn't as big a tease as I was expecting. Her coworkers in the pool got an eyeful but only for a few seconds. We all followed Phil and Madison's lead and got out of the pool to dry off and grab some more drinks while Phil prepped the hot tub. Madison and I sat together on a lounger for a bit, relaxing in the evening heat and enjoying some cheap beers. It was almost dark then, and some automatic exterior lights flicked on to bathe the deck, patio, and hot tub shack in a comfortable glow. Right on cue with the lighting, Phil announced that the hot tub was ready to rock. Everyone excitedly made their way towards the sound of whirring jets and bubbles.

Phil stood by the hot tub and welcomed us in, and we wasted no time easing into the hot water. Madison, once again, was last in line. She walked up to Phil outside the hot tub and made to unwrap her towel.

"What a gentleman," she crooned in a mock-seductive voice, staring Phil straight in the eyes as she took the edges of her towel and flung it open in front of him, letting it fall to the ground after a second. I think his jaw visibly dropped with the towel as she struck a seductive pose, and he got his first full look at her bikini, with its thin strings and playful triangles of fabric that barely covered her most intimate areas.

Madison quickly changed gears to a laugh, playfully shoving Phil in the chest and gingerly making her way to climb into the hot tub. I'm sure Phil got an equally good look at her ass as she shuffled, but he shook it off and climbed in to join us.

Madison made her way over to sit with Lena, hugging her lovingly as Lena eased an arm around her and played with her hair as they chatted. We were all relaxing when I noticed for the first time that Madison's white bikini top was just slightly transparent when wet. Just above the surface of the bubbling water, I could make out the outline and color of her nipples. It was faint, and I'm not sure anyone else could notice, but I wondered if her top had been this wet when she towel-dropped for Phil a few minutes ago.

The friendly talk and social drinking continued. I sat next to Tom and Phil, directly across from Madison and Lena. Madison had hopped onto Lena's lap and reclined back on her as they talked about their office drama, Lena lazily twirling and playing with one of the ties on Madison's bikini top. Lena was a pretty enough girl. Taller than Maddie, with a sort of goth aesthetic. Everyone found her rather attractive, with her dark hair and makeup and her long, slender body. She was wearing a black one-piece with a daring V-cut, but I don't think the guys were looking at her much right now.

Maddie lifted out of the water a good bit when she sat up on Lena's lap. With Maddie out of the water and reclining lovingly against Lena, her nipples that showed through the fabric had become slightly more apparent. It still wasn't exactly vulgar, but it felt odd to have everyone eyeing my wife's barely-covered breasts for an extended period. Lena had one hand around Madison's toned stomach, and the other had moved down from the string to play with the edges of one of the white triangles of fabric covering Madison's breast. Madison had a calm, dreamy expression, with her eyes closed and a gentle, relaxed moan under her breath. She loved tender affection wherever she could get it. I noticed that the guys' conversation dulled as we grew more and more distracted by my wife.

After a while, Madison kissed Lena on the cheek and slid off her lap back down into the water. We talked for a bit longer, but it was getting late, and we decided to start heading home. Phil thanked us all for hanging out, and we thanked him for hosting.

"All right," Phil said with a clap, "Madison, you should get out first." Phil had a coy smile, and I lightly jabbed him with an elbow as everyone else laughed.

"Okay by me," Madison returned with a playful smile of her own. "I'll get out first, but just for that comment, Phil can't watch." The party cackled at Phil digging himself into a hole. Madison gave me a nod and made to stand up out of the water.

Taking her sign, I wrenched Phil down in a loose headlock, obscuring his view, to everyone's vocal amusement. It was pretty dark outside, but Maddie still cut a striking image with her slightly sheer top and barely-there bottoms. She climbed out of the tub and walked to her towel with a showy swing in her hips, played up just to spite Phil and get a laugh and whistle out of everyone else. The reaction was double when she reached the spot where she had dropped her towel earlier and bent down seductively to retrieve it, shooting the partygoers a wink and giving everyone but Phil the best view of her ass all night. I might have been jealous if I wasn't laughing so hard and fighting Phil's flails. Maddie wrapped herself up, and I let Phil go. He wasn't upset for more than a second, and then he joined everyone in the laughter.

We all followed suit, said our goodbyes, and Maddie kissed all her coworkers once on the cheek, minus Phil, whom she ambushed with a slobbery lick up the side of his face. With that, we loaded into the car and drove back home. It was pretty late, so we crashed right after we got back.

--

The next day, Madison and I were hanging out at home when her phone pinged with a message from her work group chat, transcribed below:

Larry sent: How was the BBQ?

Madison sent: Great! We missed you though! Have you seen Phil's house?

Larry sent: Not in person but he showed me some pictures, very cool

Phil sent: the pics are cool but you have to see it for real soon

Tom sent: Party again soon?

Lena sent: Plsssssss yes

Mark sent: Lena did you get any good pics?

Tom sent: Do you have the one of Madison by the pool?

Lena sent: Yes I do but Mads has to give the ok to post it

Larry sent: If it's that bad sorry I asked lol

Madison sent: LOL I promise it's not bad, you can send it!

Lena sent: ok here you go lol

Lena sent an attachment

Madison called me over to take a look at the picture. The attachment was the photo of Madison posing with her shorts and bikini top outside the pool. She had struck a magazine-style pose as a joke, but it actually turned out pretty good. The lighting was fantastic, and it was a flattering photo. Maddie looked like a model in her sexy white bikini top and shorts pulled down seductively by her thumbs, a bedroom-eyes expression on her face topped it all off. At this point, I was eagerly reading over her shoulder. More texts flooded in.

Phil sent: wtffffff bro nice

Lena sent: #profilepic?

Madison sent: shut up *laughing emoji*

Larry sent: lol wow I didn't think you were having a photoshoot, love it

Peter sent: Wow, nice! Lena, you're super talented! The model helps.

Madison sent: shut uppppp *laughing emoji*

Tom sent: No, I meant the other one

Lena sent: Madison you okay with posting that one?

Madison sent: Yeah why wouldn't I be? Is it bad?

Lena sent: Just checking lollll

Lena sent: It's a bit more dramatic since you were wet and it was sunset

Lena sent: You sure it's ok?

Phil sent: just send it lol

Madison sent: Yeah you can send it! Everyone already saw it in person!

Lena sent: lol ok...

Lena sent an attachment

Holy hell. The attached photo wasn't even remotely similar to the first one. Where the first one was a good photo, this one was insane. The picture showed Madison pulling herself out of the pool with the same sultry expression, but this time with a red sunset in the background, her wet blonde hair whipped around dramatically in a portrait-style shallow depth of field shot. Her toned body was dripping with water, her bottoms barely hanging on, but that wasn't the worst part. The eye-catching feature was the wet bikini top. While it was slightly transparent in person while wet, the camera flash somehow cut right through the fabric. Her chest was thrust forward, and you could clearly see her nipples through the white bikini in the photo. It looked like something out of Maxim. The frequency of the texts doubled.

Larry sent:...

Phil sent: ok wtf

Peter sent: WTF! Haha! Is that real

Mark sent: Lena you're an artist *drooling emoji*

Madison sent: LENA

Lena sent: I told you the suit was wet!!

Madison sent: Pleaseeeee tell me that wasn't happening all night??

Tom sent: What the hell no, not like that lol

Lena sent: You didn't know the top was transparent??

Phil sent: wtfffff im gonna pass out lol

Madison sent: Not like that LOL Lena unsend that!!

Lena unsent a message

Tom sent: No, bring it back!

Madison sent: LOL NO *laughing emoji*

Tom sent: @Cal

Cal sent: What happened??

Phil sent: cal did you see the photo

Cal sent: I'm checking it out now, gorgeous! Great pic Lena!

Phil sent: no did you see the one of maddie climbing out of the water

Madison sent: Phil shut up *laughing emoji*

Larry sent: Okay kids see you Monday lol

Cal sent: No I just see the one of her standing by the pool. Pretty lady!

Tom sent: Cal you missed it lol

Phil sent: snooze you lose cal lol

Cal sent: What was the attachment Lena unsent?

Lena sent: LOL sorry Mads *crying emoji*

Madison sent: Don't worry babe LOL Can you send me that photo?

Phil sent: send it to me too please

Tom sent: Please do!

Mark sent: Me too please *praying emoji*

Lena sent: Sent it babe

Phil sent: havent gotten it yet

Lena sent: Sent it to Maddie only dummy :P

Madison sent: Don't be stingy Lena. Send Cal a copy. ;)

Lena sent: Will do babe *kissing emoji*

Phil sent: wtf lena

Tom sent: Not cool lol

The messages went on like that for a bit. Lena unsent the risqué photo quickly, so it was only up for maybe 20-30 seconds, but I couldn't believe that her coworkers and even her supervisor got a look at her practically topless.

Lena private messaged Madison and asked if she was serious about sending a copy of the photo to Cal. Madison paused, and we both looked up from her phone to gauge the other's expression.

"We probably shouldn't, right? Madison asked with some trepidation.

"I don't know," I said, tossing the idea around in my head. I wasn't totally sold on her coworkers having nude photos of her. "I don't know, it feels kind of weird letting him see your tits like that."

"It's not like a real nude," Maddie laughed back at me. "I'm wearing a bikini! It's nothing that they didn't all see in real life last night, apparently. And besides, I don't want Cal to feel left out. He's sweet."

This wasn't wholly true since her nipples weren't that clearly visible in person without the camera flash, though I'm not sure if she realized that. Cal was a great guy, but we had not really discussed sending nudes to other people before this. Lena was a professional photographer and did a lot of boudoir shoots, so I trusted her not to send it if Maddie said not to; accidental flashing is one thing, but actively sending the photos was another.

"What about Snapchat?" I asked. Maddie seemed to light up at the idea. She quickly messaged Lena back, saying she was just kidding about sending it to Cal, then she downloaded a copy of the photo. Madison switched to Snapchat immediately and sent Cal a message. It read:

"Here's what you missed LOL"

"No screenshots. Enjoy *laughing emoji*"

She then sent a copy of the photo. We waited a few minutes before Cal finally opened the chat and replied.

"Haha! Wow! Yeah, it's a great photo, but I see why you unsent it," Cal typed. "Too funny. Glad you saved though. It looks awesome, like seriously so beautiful."

"Haha thanks," Madison typed back. "I think I'll put some stickers over the scandalous parts and post it on Instagram! Love youuuuu!"

"Love you Maddie," Cal typed back with a yellow heart emoji. I noticed that she had her chats set to clear every 24 hours, which meant that even if Cal didn't save it, he would have access to see it for the rest of the day whenever he wanted. I didn't really care much since he was pretty polite and appreciative, but I still felt kind of weird sending practically shirtless pics of my wife to her coworkers.

Madison has always been pretty confident in her body and loves teasing, but I'm a little anxious about how far things went this weekend. I suppose it's just a photo, and this is the 21st century; it's nice that people are allowed to be freer with their bodies. Honestly, I get a little turned on just thinking about what might happen next time.
