




                             \\\//
                            -(@ @)-
                ---------oOO--(_)--OOo-------------------
		                WARNING!
		This text file contains sexually explicit
		material. If you do not wish to read this
		type of literature, or you are under age,
		PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!
		-----------------------------------------






			Scroll down to view text



Archive name: so1.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : Solon - First Encounter

-----------------------------------------------------
(c) Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------

Solon - First Contact
By Homer Vargas

	Captain Catherine Allen leaned back into my 
arms as we looked out over the spaceport of Solon. 
 My sexy lover was the commander of the spaceship 
that had brought our contact mission to Solon and 
she took her prerogatives seriously.  Now that we 
had landed, however, I, as the ship's chief 
xenologist, was essentially in charge of the 
contact operation.  Although supposedly ours was 
the first group from Federation space to make 
contact with Solon, there were vaguely ominous 
stories which implied that others had come here 
... and not returned.  One particularly silly 
version had it that Solon was ruled by women who 
kept their men in a kind of sex slavery.

	"Tony, I don't like this place," Kathy said, 
snuggling closer.  "There is too much preparation 
down there to be based on our tele-messages of 
just three day ago."

	"They certainly *look* friendly," I replied.

	"That is exactly what worries me," she said, 
archly.

	"Why don't you let me worry about meeting the 
natives, darling," I said.  "Five years of 
astrophysics doesn't make you and expert on extra-
terrestrial humanoids."

	"Humanoids!" she harumphed, "Those are 
*women*, and I don't trust them.  Look at those 
disgusting mini smocks they wear!  There is only 
one reason women dress that way -- to excite and 
seduce men."

	"Not to dispute your mastery of the feminine 
wiles, darling, but this is a tropical planet," I 
pointed out reasonably.  "Why shouldn't they wear 
skimpy clothes.  I am afraid you are just applying 
Earth standards to the Solonians."

	"And why did they insist that the men and 
women of our crew be separated as soon as we land 
and have no contact while on Solon?" she asked 
defiantly.

	"You are making a mountain out of a molehill, 
honey.  Actually it is a taboo that has been 
reported from several star systems.  Just leave 
handling the Solonians to me.  You are on vacation 
here until we are ready to return.  Just rest up 
and eat well so that on the way back we can get 
down to business."

	"On the way back I just pilot this crate 
home.  What `business' are you talking about."

	"Our `business.'  I think it's time we 
stopped being a `number' and got married.  Can 
your Deputy do that?

	"Do you mean it, darling?" Kathy squealed.  
"Yes, yes.  Judy can perform the ceremony if it is 
her Captain who is getting married.  But why the 
rush?"

	"Honey, haven't we waited long enough?  Let's 
take advantage of the months of leisure on the way 
back to get you pregnant.  When I arrive on earth 
with my new wife, I want her to have a big belly!"

	"Well, in that case, maybe we should start 
practicing now," Kathy said as she took me by the 
hand and pulled me towards the Captain's 
stateroom.

           **************************

	I thought it unnecessary, but Kathy insisted 
on leaving a small group of men behind to watch 
the ship.  As they announced, the Solonians had 
separate welcoming parties for the men and women. 
 Kathy gave me one final, worried look as the 
group of men and women parted company for the 
journey into the city.  Our precaution seemed 
unnecessary.  Far from seeming hostile, the 
Solonian women officials we met seemed most 
friendly.  After a day of sightseeing and 
conferences, they invited us to a formal dinner.

	At the banquet each of my men found himself 
with a beautiful companion at his side, a woman 
who frankly seemed more interested in being with a 
man than in the ceremonies.  These randy young 
women snuggled close and my men glanced, furtively 
at first, them avidly, at gloriously large round 
tits in the loose fitting halters of their sexy 
table mates.  The liquor flowed freely and the 
women made sure that my men all gradually got 
drunk  The banquet progressively slipped towards 
orgy.  The lights dimmed for an erotic 
entertainment -- if anyone was watching.  Large 
screens showed almost nude women dancing before 
entranced men before falling on them and ravishing 
them.  This helped get everyone in the proper mood 
for the women to giggle and open their tunics, 
encouraging my horny men to feel up their ample 
tits.  Soon these apparently randy bitches were 
hiking their tunics to have the men play with 
their well lubricated snatches as well.

	I could see what was happening and might have 
stopped it.  I should have at least tried to stop 
it, but I was much too distracted myself.  Ethne, 
the plump High Priestess of Solon was giving me 
the same treatment up on the dais my men were 
getting down below.  This mature, well-built, and 
apparently rutting female was crawling all over 
me.  Early in the evening Ethne's tunic had fallen 
open letting one of the best set of jugs in the 
universe start to work its magic on me.  It made 
my recent proposal to Kathy sort of hard to 
remember and I soon stopped trying.

	Snuggling close, this overflowing female let 
me know I was welcome to start inspecting her 
equipment.  She pressed glass alter glass of the 
deliciously potent liquid to my lips and even 
before she had me tipsy, I couldn't keep my hands 
off of her luscious tits.  While I was busy 
kissing and nuzzling these man-melters, I suddenly 
felt the High Priestess's hand slither into my 
pants.  I couldn't resist when she took full 
possession of my cock and of me!  Did this woman 
know how to work a man's prick!  Her successful 
effort to give me an erection showed what she had 
in mind.  It looked like she was planning to take 
me to bed and fuck me stupid.  Well, anything for 
interplanetary amity!

	It didn't take her long to have me sinking 
into an erotic daydream about spending the night -
- no, many nights -- getting laid by the hottest 
woman I had ever run across.  I could see her 
taking me through that nearby curtained exit into 
her private quarters.  When she had me alone 
there, she would strip me.  Perhaps her attendants 
would bathe me in tepid perfumed waters before she 
joined me in the bath.  We would play with each 
others' naked bodies until we were both aroused to 
a fever.  Then she would lead me to her bed.  
Before taking me in her arms to make love to me, 
she would press a final goblet to my lips, a 
philter to incite my lust and permit me better to 
service her own.  Then she would lay me back and 
again place in my mouth a nipple of a lust 
hardened breast. as she lowered herself onto me.  
How this woman would take charge of me!  I would 
be immobilized beneath those hips, my prick 
swallowed up by her ravenous pussy.  I would let 
her screw me to heaven.

	Suddenly, however, I was jolted from this 
delightful reverie.  The lights had begun to 
flicker in a dangerously familiar pattern  - the 
hypno-ray!  Instantly I pushed treacherous woman 
off me and drew up.  "Ethne!  What do you mean by 
this kind of low trick?  You have turned a hypno-
ray on Federation officers.  That is a hostile and 
stupid act!  Don't you know this amateurish 
attempt at mind control is futile.  Federation 
explorers are well trained to resist hypno ray."

	"We know all about the resistance of 
Federation men to hypno-ray, Lt. Black," she 
replied, smiling.  "More, apparently, than you do. 
 The supposed `immunity' of a trained man to 
hypno-ray is not unconditional.  Resistance to its 
insidious effects demands total concentration on 
certain subconscious, learned blocking patterns.  
Your men may soon find that concentration ... 
faltering," she smirked.

	"Women of Solaria have generations of 
experience in gaining domination over our men.  We 
can subvert even subconscious resistance.  When a 
man is lying in the arms of a Solonian woman 
getting properly fucked, even his subconscious 
attention becomes focused on only one thing -- the 
pleasure he is drowning in.  Growing ecstasy makes 
it more and more difficult for his brain to block 
out the hypno-ray as she pushes him closer and 
closer to orgasm.  When at last she makes him 
come, his mind's last defenses will fail.  There, 
in dazed satiation as he lies overwhelmed by 
orgasm in the arms of his seductress, the hypno-
ray will destroy his mental shields and he becomes 
as totally vulnerable to hypnotic suggestion. 

	His partner will take advantage of this 
moment of weakness, but only to induce a light 
trance.  This is the first step to falling into 
her control, but the effect is subtle.  At first, 
he will only have an enormous sexual appetite and 
an obsession with her.  Tomorrow, each of these 
men will wake up in bed with his hot new 
girlfriend back at her lair.  He won't be able to 
remember exactly nor will he care very much how he 
got there.  Remembering how they made out at the 
party and how she then took him home for the fuck 
of his life is enough for him.  By the time 
breakfast is over, he will be eager to get screwed 
again and his partner will be more than willing.  
Every time she takes him down for a roll in the 
hay, the hypno-ray will be on.  Each time he goes 
under, her control of his mind will become 
stronger."

	"After a few days of hypno-ray drenched sex 
all your men will have been totally enslaved, 
although they won't know it or care.  In a few 
months, when my women have them under sufficiently 
strong domination, we will make them build a star 
drive for us.  With a star drive Solonian women 
can go out and, with our power over men, conquer 
the universe."

	"You may think you are clever, Ethne, but 
your plan won't work.  Not all of the men are 
here.  Captain Allen left guards at the ship.  If 
we don't come back, they will call on the 
hyperwave for help."

	"Yes, they could, if we didn't have them, 
too, otherwise ... 'occupied,' right now," she 
agreed.  "Unfortunately for you, a group of my 
prettiest women in short tunics and revealing 
halters visited the ship this afternoon and asked 
to look around.  Of course they needed companions. 
 Soon each escort was surprised and pleased to 
find the busty girl he was showing around seemed 
more interested in him and in sex than in the 
ship.  My girls wiggled their asses and jiggled 
their tits until each guide was thinking of 
nothing but sex.  Then each woman contrived to be 
lead to some secluded niche where she could be 
alone with her guide.  There she let your woman-
starved crewman slake the desire she had cleverly 
incited.  Blouses were hastily unbuttoned, flies 
invaded, skirts lifted, shorts pulled down, and 
panties dropped.  Quite droll!  Soon your ship was 
filled with moans of passion as twosomes copulated 
in the oddest places and in the most original 
positions.  They tell me that one man wasn't keen 
until he was wrestled to the floor by a large 
shapely woman.  Eventually tussling with an armful 
of female flesh aroused him enough for her to 
mount and fuck him.  As soon as each man came, the 
woman's portable hypno ray generator did the rest. 
 The men left behind on the ship will wake up the 
same way as the others."

	"Your plan will still never succeed," I said. 
 "Building a star-drive will take a long time.  
Even if you take all my men captive, the women of 
the crew can take the star-drive ship and go for 
help.  Their immunity to hypno-ray is based on 
other psychological principles.

	"Do you think we are stupid, Lt. Black?  Of 
course the women could go for help, but I assure 
you, none of them will ever leave Solon.  We have 
made equally sure that not one of your women will 
ever the slightest desire to leave Solon - and not 
because of hypno-ray.  We don't need it.  Sex can 
be as sticky a trap for your women as for your 
men.   Have a look at what was going on a while 
back at the banquet for your unchaperoned girls," 
she grinned.

	Ethne switched on a large screen showing our 
female officers and enlisted women obviously drunk 
and laughing uproariously.  The group was at 
different stages of foreplay and in various 
degrees of undress with an equal number of 
handsome young men.  The most restrained was lying 
back moaning like a heifer in heat as a pretty boy 
worked on her tits.  Most had their legs splayed 
going off their nut as they were being eaten.  A 
few were already down and being fucked out of 
there minds.

	"You now see why we had to separate you.  
Those young men 'entertaining' your women so well 
are our Solonian studs," Ethne explained.  "The 
women of the Solonian elite have powerful sexual 
appetites and we have to use these young bucks to 
keep us satisfied.  These men have been trained 
since puberty in knowing how to excite sexual 
desire in a woman and then give her pleasure.  
Your girls never knew what hit them.  From my 
personal experience, I can tell you, these boys 
know how to make a woman want to get laid!  When I 
turn myself over to one of them, I know I am going 
to be ravished.  His touch makes me forget 
everything and sends me into a frenzy of lust.  In 
seconds he can have me fully aroused and panting 
for sex.  All I can think about is getting him in 
me.  And when he finally penetrates me and 
discharges his large caliber cock into my pussy, 
he leaves me devastated.  No human female in the 
universe can defend herself from these boys."

	"Perhaps you would be especially interested 
in the normally demure Captain Allen."  Ethne 
adjusted a control to focus on my Kathy.  "She's 
your girlfriend, right?  Yes, Captain Allen, a 
totally professional woman.  Not at all interested 
in anyone but you?  Thinks only of her career?  
Take a close look at her face.  That's raw desire 
you see!  The young man beside her is Ramo, one of 
my favorites.  He has reduced your sweetie to a 
puddle of female rut!  Ramo got her giggly drunk 
and she's itching for sex.  Now all the poor 
Captain wants is something hard thick and 
masculine between her legs.  He overwhelmed her 
brilliant, disciplined mind with a desire for cock 
as easily as the silliest little pants-crazy 
ensign."

	"Almost as soon as Ramo sat down next to her 
and started pressing close, your cool Captain was 
surprised how much she enjoyed the warm pleasure 
from his hard body pressed against her.  More 
surprisingly, she found she had the urge to press 
back.  In fact she was already feeling quite 
randy.  We had put the right dose of testosterone 
in their drinks, so all your women were feeling 
amorous even before their dates moved in on them. 
 Before long Kathy was lying back contentedly in 
Ramo's muscular arms, a warming glow of arousal 
spreading out over her from between her legs.  She 
felt the juices from her pussy start to stain her 
Navy panties as he nuzzled her neck and nibbled 
her ear."

	"Then your girlfriend felt her date's very 
practiced hands first slip inside her blouse and 
claim possession of her tits.  She suspected what 
was coming and had every intention of pushing him 
away.  She never let strange men touch her 
breasts.  She knew a man felt up a woman's tits 
for just one reason, to get her hot enough to 
screw.  But Kathy was already horny and the 
pleasure of his hands on her titties was too good 
to refuse.  She wanted to be felt up!  How could 
this be happening to her?  Her tits had turned to 
rocks; her nipples ached with erection.  His 
hands, oh those marvelous hands!  It was getting 
hard to think.  She moaned with pleasure."

	"At first Kathy tried not to show arousal to 
the other women.  She wanted to set a good 
example, but she saw that the all other women were 
already making out with their dates, too.  Many 
were further gone than she was.  Her best friend 
Jill over there had thrown open her blouse and was 
lying back bawling like a heifer in heat as a boy 
with a shock of curly black hair was sucking and 
kissing her breasts.  The smock of Alexandra, the 
ship's doctor, was up around her waist and a 
grinning young man had his hand in her pussy 
making her writhe in ecstasy.  And Margaret, the 
dowdy flight engineer, had her panties around her 
ankles and was yelping joyously while a pretty boy 
was eating her snatch and making her come time 
after time.

	"Soon Kathy, too, was past caring who saw 
what she and Ramo were doing.  Promptly her 
blouse, too, was wide open and this beautiful man 
had his hands and mouth all over her tits.  He 
proceeded feeling up your girlfriend's boobs, 
gradually working her up into a fever of passion 
she'd never known before.  Before she left there, 
she had come more times than she could count."

	"That was at the party.  it didn't last long! 
 Now let me show you one happy Federation Navy 
officer on her way to her new stud's apartment," 
Ethne gloated and changed the view.

	I saw Kathy's giggling, almost comically 
insincere efforts to prevent the young man from 
getting his hands on her pussy and seethed with 
anger.  It had taken me months before she ever let 
me get that far with her.  "A little later, when 
he succeeded in running his hand back up inside 
her skirt, and into her panties, she was so horny 
she only sighed, kissed him passionately, and 
squirmed with pleasure as he titillated her.  She 
may have vaguely remembered Miss Someone from the 
training Academy telling her never to let a 
strange man handle her pussy like that.  But it 
wasn't Miss Someone's clit that was being fingered 
so wonderfully.  And if it were, Kathy knew the 
old bag would be just as hot to trot as she was."

	"By now, Kathy just didn't give a damn any 
more.  She was just a horny woman and she liked 
being finger fucked by this wonderful man.  She 
spread her legs cooperatively so he could get his 
talented fingers in her and diddle her all the 
better.  Now look at her!  She has pulled down her 
pants and hiked the skirt of her uniform and is 
squirming with pleasure as our boy plays with her 
clit.  She can't stop coming.  My Ramo knows how 
to drive a woman crazy with desire, touching 
erogenous zones she didn't even know she had."

	"Your Captain has never before known a man 
who could arouse her like this.  She is going wild 
with craving for some cock, rutting to get a prick 
in her cunt.  She has been sexually mastered by an 
artist and loves it.  She will eagerly follow our 
stud into his quarters tonight.  There, overcome 
by a desire more powerful than she's ever felt 
before, she'll be eager to let this Adonis bed her 
and penetrate her with his cock."

	"Happily she will let her man lasciviously 
undress her.  His finger will never leave her clit 
as he puts her down in the sack.  Gently he will 
push open her willing legs.  And when he drops his 
pants she's in for a wonderful shock!  Centuries 
of selection has given our Solonian studs longer, 
thicker pricks and larger balls than any 
Earthwoman has ever dreamed about.  Helplessly 
excited by the sight, she will gobble his long 
pussy-pleasing prick down into her juiced-up cunt. 
 As inch after long thick inch of this woman-
subduing shaft slides into her warm wet pussy, she 
will go off her nut.  Our stud will screw Kathy 
long and thoroughly tonight.  His massive cock 
will go deep into her vagina again and again, 
making her yelp and bray in ecstasy.  His 
practiced prick will send her into orgasm after 
orgasm with almost every stroke until your 
Federation Navy officer is dissipated.  When he 
finally pumps her pussy full of a greater load of 
jism than she has never before experienced, it 
will knock her out like dope."

	"As she lies there in sated, unconscious 
bliss, waiting medical technicians will begin to 
purge her body of the long-lasting contraceptives 
we know Federation Navy women take.  Then they 
will give her hormones to re-establish and bring 
forward her menstrual cycle.  They will also 
insert a small subcutaneous testosterone capsule 
that will keep your girlfriend's sex drive 
enormously elevated for the next several, critical 
weeks.  Although she'll have no way of knowing it, 
when she wakes up tomorrow, your girlfriend, and 
all the other women of the crew, will be near 
their most fertile time of the month, completely 
unprotected and ravenous for sex."

	"You don't mean...?"

	"Yes, we're going to make sure Kathy and all 
your other women promptly get pregnant.  By 
tomorrow morning each Earthwoman will be well on 
her way to making her first fat Solonian baby.  
Some, maybe even your Kathy, may already have 
conceived without knowing it.  But we won't take 
chances."

	"Kathy will wake up in the arms of the hunk 
with whom she spent an unforgettable night making 
love.  She won't let him get out of bed until he 
has fucked her again.  She will be surprised at 
her strong craving for sex, but she will suppose 
it's because she is hopelessly in love, as in a 
way, she will be."

	"For the next several weeks your girlfriend 
will be on a 'honeymoon' with her new lover.  And 
what is a honeymoon traditionally for?  To give 
the new husband the chance to impregnate his bride 
as soon as possible.  He wants to get her 
pregnant, have her bear his child.  That is our 
objective, exactly.  I predict that in about nine 
months every one of your Federation Navy's finest 
pilots will be lying in a maternity hospital with 
her lover at her side and a new-born Solonian 
infant nursing at her breast."

	"During early morning strolls with her 
marvelous new man, his strong arm gently around 
the Kathy's still narrow waist, his fingers 
resting playfully on her undulating ass, she will 
realize just how safe and happy and she feels here 
with this man.  Safe, happy, and, thanks in part 
to the testosterone capsule, horny as hell!

	"`I don't know what's happening to me, 
darling, but I'm feeling so sexy again,' she will 
giggle in his ear."

	"Ramo will know but feign a pleased surprise. 
 `But honey, it's only been a few hours since I 
last fucked you silly.  Are you some kind of 
fiend?'"

	"`Maybe, I just know I want you inside me 
again.'  Unsurprised, her man will kiss her and 
take her tits and bring her rapidly to full 
arousal.  The walk will end abruptly with your 
ship's Captain sprawled moaning and panting on the 
soft grass, the skirt of her smart dress uniform 
hiked up over her waist, her legs splayed and her 
regulation Navy panties down around her ankles.  
Eyes closed and with our stud's big prick ramming 
deep into her cunt, shooting her full of his warm 
thick fuck, all she can do is beg him for more."

	"Soon she will abandon the uniform for short 
shifts.  They give her new boyfriend quicker 
access to her tits and her pussy `and they're 
easier to launder.'"  

	"A picnic lunch may lead to too much wine, 
the giggly realization she is hot to trot again 
and wants to get 'laid in the shade.'  Foreplay 
won't have to last long before she spreads her 
legs obediently.  Soon the pussy of your highly 
trained officer is again being penetrated.  Her 
vagina is filled by a giant cock and again flooded 
with come."  

	"Late night trysts will end with one sated 
Federation Naval Officer naked and dazed by 
multiple orgasms, drifting off to sleep coiled 
around the torso of her lover like a contented 
little snake, his big hunk of man-meat still 
filling her well-spermed pussy."

	"She'll be amazed to wake up every morning 
feeling deliciously ready for more sex, not 
knowing her man had been playing with her tits and 
fingering her clit while she was asleep.  Giggling 
at her own arousal, she'll enjoy his kissing and 
sucking her tits before she lets him pours more 
hot come down her pleasure hole before breakfast. 
 In short, Ramo will keep Captain Allen aroused 
and fucking morning, noon, and night."

	"And what inevitably happens to a nubile 
young woman not on her contraceptives who day 
after day gets her cunt pumped full of semen by a 
virile man?  In a couple of weeks Miss Total Naval 
Officer will notice that her period is late.  In a 
few days, she'll figure it out: she's expecting a 
baby!  Will she curse the a non-Federation man who 
has gotten her pregnant?  Be aghast that she 
allowed sex to ruin her career?  Will she rue 
having let a few days of passion, a few nights on 
her back destroy her life in the Federation Navy?"

	"Not at all!  She will be delighted to find 
her young hunk has got her knocked up.  She'll be 
overjoyed to be carrying his child because she 
knows when she tells him, he is going to let her 
stay with him.  The man who has been putting it to 
her better than she's ever had it in her life will 
continue to ram her full of cock.  All Kathy will 
want is to keep this man fucking her.  She'll be 
willing to stay on Solon forever, happy to make as 
many babies for him as long  as he demands, if 
that's what it takes to keep his prick going in 
and out of her regularly."

	"Her new husband will still keep the mummy-
to-be in the most delicious rut.  She'll be no 
less addicted to his prick when her pregnancy 
starts to show.  Getting fat won't make her less 
horny.  She'll never consider going back to the 
Federation.  As her tits swell, her hips widen, 
her trim figure ruined forever, she'll appreciate 
even more a man who will keep putting it to her 
even when her tummy is bulging, keeping her 
sexually satisfied all through the pregnancy.  In 
short, your women will stay on Solon because we've 
given them men to keep them fat, happy, and 
constantly pregnant."

	"And that takes care of all of your crew."

	"At least I have not been overpowered by the 
ray."

	"I wouldn't want you to be," Ethne smiled.  
"A rayed-out zombie is of no use to us, and -- 
less fun.  You see, we need a completely normal, 
sexy Lt. Tony Black to take his new Solonian wife 
back to Federation space.  Rather poetic isn't it? 
 A xenologist marrying an alien woman?  By going 
back to the Federation with you now, the woman 
will be able to seduce and enslave a few important 
men and soften the Federation up for the larger 
numbers of Solonian women who will eventually 
follow."

	"Ridiculous!" I exclaimed.

	"Don't speak too soon, Tony.  Wait until you 
see the girl I have picked out for you."

	"You can come in now, Alexi," Ethne called 
over her shoulder.  I was stunned when a gorgeous 
young woman walked in.  She looked a lot like 
Ethne, but younger and slimmer.  "What do you 
think, dear?"

	"Even better than you said!," gushed the 
lithe young woman.  "You're the best big sister a 
girl could have!"

	"Well, Tony, how do you like your bride to be 
?" Ethne smirked.

	I was almost speechless.  She was incredible. 
 Ethne ten years younger.  But her beauty didn't 
alter my situation.  "My bride?" I spat..  "You 
must be crazy!  I would never pretend to marry 
this woman and let her go back with me under such 
a subterfuge!"

	"But it will be no pretense, Tony," Alexi 
said sweetly.  "You are really going to marry me. 
 By this time tomorrow, you will be ecstatically 
happy with your hot new Solonian wife.  You won't 
regret it, either, darling.  There will be 
advantages being married to me," she said.  "I can 
see that you rise rapidly in rank.  After all, the 
more important you are, the more important will be 
the men I will have access to."

	"Do you think you can bribe me to go along 
with this?"

	"Perhaps not with money, darling...," Alexi 
grinned, "But there are ...  other ways a Solonian 
woman can 'bribe' an Earthman.  Ethne told you 
Solonian women have sexual urges far more intense 
and frequent than Earthwomen.  And although I 
surely do not plan to be 'faithful' to you, 
prudence will dictate that more often than not my 
handsome young husband will have to satisfy my 
rather considerable sexual appetite."

	"You'll have what other men only dream of, 
darling, a perpetually horny wife.  From me you 
will get all the sex you can handle.  Anytime you 
want to screw, your woman will be more than ready. 
 Brush my tits, pat my bottom, or give me a 
lingering kiss and I'm hot to trot.  I'll tumble 
into bed with you whenever you want it and screw 
you like a banshee.  Better still, you can usually 
count on me to take the initiative.  I'll make you 
one happy and very satisfied man."

	"What you suggest is treasonous.  I do not 
intend to help you subvert the Federation."

	"But you'll do it whether you intend to or 
not, honey.  One night in bed with me will be 
enough to change your mind for good.  Centuries 
ago Solonian women learned we had to prevent our 
men from using our own intense sex drive to 
dominate us.  So we developed ways of controlling 
our men instead of being controlled.  We didn't 
have the hypno-ray then to overpower our men's 
will, mind, and desire.  We had only the knowledge 
passed down from mother to daughter of how to use 
our bodies to excite a man, take him in our arms, 
and plunge him into a pleasure so intense he would 
do anything to repeat it.  We drugged our men into 
submission with lust.  They stayed home with the 
children and we kept them sated with pleasure and 
uninterested in anything but sex which we were 
more than happy to supply."

	"Like generations of Solonian men, you will 
become an ever so contented consort.  When I make 
love to you just once, darling, you'll need me to 
do it again and again.  One delirious night in the 
sack and you will be addicted to my kind of sex.  
My warm wet cunt will be your dope and my tits 
will be like a pair of insistent pushers making 
you crave more and more.  Now come here and let me 
give you your first hit.  Just one good dose will 
turn you into my hard-dick junkie," she grinned, 
opening her arms.

	"Get away from me, you witch," I exclaimed as 
she approached me.

	"You don't mean that, darling," she cooed, 
slinking closer.  "Look at these boobs.  See how 
big and round and hard they are.  I'm excited, 
too.  I want you to feel mine up like you were 
doing to Ethne's.  You were having such a good 
time with hers before you were interrupted," she 
added, opening her tunic.  "And you were getting 
her so hot, so ready to screw, so eager to go down 
on you.  You can pick up with me where you left 
off.  Soon I'll be squirming to get laid and you 
can put it to me."

	"And I know how horny you are, too, Tony.  
Come, let me tuck you into bed.  There in my arms, 
sucking my tits, you'll slowly forget all about 
duty, or the Federation, or anything else.  Come 
let me have some fun with you.  Your horny wife to 
be has just got one thing on her mind, wanting to 
fuck her man."

	"No, no!" I protested, frightened by the 
power of the arousal I felt.

	"Don't fight me any more, darling.  Give up. 
 You want me too bad," she almost whispered as she 
came nearer, her perfect body naked, breasts 
undulating, hips swaying.  "Let me tell you 
something else.  There's a special reason I'm hot 
for you tonight.  It's the perfect cover for our 
plan.  I want you to make me pregnant.  Come on, 
let's make a baby!"  I was transfixed as she 
slipped into my arms and kissed me.

	"Now, that's better," she said as I returned 
her kiss.  "Oh!" she exclaimed in genuine pleasure 
as she felt me stiffen against her,  "You know, I 
think I'm going to like being married to you."  I 
held her close, returning her kiss with passion.  
My hands found her ass and pressed it 
instinctively to my loins.  "You won't regret 
tonight and all the  other days and nights, Tony. 
 Let's take and advance against our honeymoon, 
darling.  I am going to make it so sweet."

	Minutes later my interrupted daydream of 
being bedded by a sexy Solonian was coming true.  
Alexi stoked my excitement to incandescence.  
Intoxicated from sucking her tits, transported by 
her manipulation of my cock, our foreplay became 
frenzied.  At last she whispered.  "Enough, 
darling.  You're more than ready.  I will take 
charge of our love-making now."

	Helpless, I let her crawl on top of me and 
felt her cunt envelope my throbbing prick.  
"You're so hard darling!  Do you have something 
for me?  Something for my horny, fertile womb?  Do 
you want to give me a baby?  You do, don't you?  
Yes!  Then do it!  Fill me.  Give it to me.  Now!" 
 I felt her orgasm once, twice and then I came in 
one mind-blowing orgasm and fell asleep.

	I dreamed of angels.

	When we woke up the next day, we started 
discussing the wedding.  But before long Alexi 
decided to interrupt the planning to celebrate the 
engagement again.

          ******************************

	Six months later when I stepped off the ship 
with a Alexi beaming at my side, I realized that I 
had gotten what I wanted.  It didn't turn out as I 
expected, but at my side was my new wife with our 
child in her big belly.

To be continued

Comments and ideas (please) to:

Homer Vargas
the_story_writer@yahoo.com
______________________________________________________
It's okay to *READ* stories about unprotected sex with
 strangers. But it isn't okay to *HAVE* unprotected sex
 with strangers!!  You only have one body per lifetime,
 so take good care of it.
