"Glory Daze: One Distraction Too Many" by Eagle1 (mff, high school)

You! yelled Coach. Yeah, you, he added pointing to make sure I knew it was me he was talking to, Drop and give me fifty!

Now! he added in his steely baritone when he saw me hesitate.

I was on my hands in seconds after that, loudly counting out with every pushup.

I dont give a good god damn what you pansy asses do on your own time, but you better listen to me when I tell you I wont take any shit this year! Coach shouted in his usual blunt manner, deciding to take this moment to let us know, yet again, his opinion on the subject of sex, and the relationship between men and women in general, when it came to his football team, Dont fuck with me. And no sampling the merchandise! Stop smirking at me Jameson. You know what Im talking about. You wanna make doe eyes with the little misses upstairs, fine, but do it on your own time. For the next hour you belong to me!

The response from the twenty guys running laps that morning was a resounding Yes, Sir!

Coach was a real hard ass, but since he was the winningest coach in the history of our school he practically got away with murder. I needed to be careful it wasnt my murder.

This was the start of football season and we were in a heavy rotation of training. He would typically warm us up in the gym before we headed off to the weight room for our workouts.

The girls liked to watch us.

Our gym was set up so that the one big gym (that was usually used for basketball) could be separated into two smaller courts for practices. One set of stadium bleachers was pushed back against the wall most of the time and the bleachers on the other side were actually located above the main floor like a mezzanine. A smaller practice court was located up there behind them, which the ladies teams usually used. Since it opened to a balcony overlooking our gym, right over the entrance to the hallway leading to the weight rooms, the girls would often come down and watch us work out.

Or the flirty ones would at any rate.

When I finished my fifty pushups, I stood up to complete my laps as was expected of me. The other guys were just wrapping up and most were walking off to the weight room. I glanced up at the girl whod given me so much trouble.

She was still standing there.

Brenda Parker stared down into my eyes, a smirk playing on the edges of her lips. Finally, she moved away from the balcony to go back to her own practice court.

I winked back at her before she turned away and I started my last five laps around the gym.

Steve caught up with me, midway through his last lap.

You see her checking me out, man? I asked him, panting.

Who? he asked between breaths.

The ice queen!

No fucking way man.

On my honor dude, I told him.

I nodded to Steve in acknowledgement, winded and trying to reserve my breath for the jog.

The ice queen was the way most guys referred to the oh so virginal visage of Miss Parker. None of my posse would admit to having scored with her, because we all knew the cold shoulder is all any guy ever got when they asked her out. Strangely enough though, Todd Bryerson, the QB of the football team from the neighboring town, had admitted to me over beers one night last summer that she was a real hell raiser. Apparently a girl on his cheerleading squad was Brendas cousin or some relation. To hear Todd tell it, shed given him a cockstand like hed never had before during an awesome threesome out back of Millers Woods.

I could believe that. At least about the boner at any rate. One look was all it took.

Brenda is nearly as tall as I am. And I stand six feet, three inches tall. She had a long, lean body. The body a tennis star might have, just toned and slightly muscular, especially through the legs, with the tan to prove shed spent her days in the summer sunshine. Her ass was firm and round and she sported a perky pair of breasts that were like firm round apples. She often wore these tight fitting blouses to class that showed them off to their best advantage.

Steve took a deep breath and followed his last comment, Well, good luck dude. Think you can go where no mans gone before?

You know me, I wheezed, gasping for air.

Yeah, he said, laughing as he broke into a fast walk, and slapped me on the back at the same time, I do know you. Youre our last hope, Obi Wan. If you cant do it, it cant be done.

With that sentiment he jogged off to the weight room. Most of the guys were already down the hallway with Coach barking orders at their heels.

May the Force be with you too! I said, calling after him as I continued on with my laps.

Skinner, our assistant coach, nodded to me as he too, took off down the hall.

Coming to join us anytime soon, Marc my man? he said.

Jesus Christ, I said, really winded by now, Ill be there when I get there!

I still had two laps to go.

Skinner laughed at me, but his gaze too went thoughtfully up to the balcony, which was now empty. Knowing him the way I did, his thoughts had also been on the nubile young flesh that had been standing there earlier.

All the guys were aware that the girls watched, although with Coach, as I had just learned the hard way, if Id had any previous doubts, it was an unwritten taboo that we werent supposed to acknowledge the eyes that watched our sweaty bodies every afternoon in the gym. Every day it was the same. Wed finish our warm up routines and then strut back to the weight room, never acknowledging, but constantly aware of each eye giving us the once over. And we privately jostled and competed for the ones we were hoping to get lucky with.

Coach gave em a real show too, putting all of us through the paces: running, pushups, and sit ups. He made sure we got all worked up and had the blood pumping. Sweat pouring out of our bodies.

I think he thought pent up sexual energy was good for winning.

My last lap seemed to take forever, but I finished the last few feet from a slow jog to a quick walk and finally stopping at the water fountain near the exit. I splashed some water onto my sweat-covered face and pulled off my shirt to let the cool air at my overheated body. With one more drink from the fountain, I set off down the hall to the weight room, shirt in hand, to start the workout I was already late for. I could already hear the clang of weights and the guys joshing around from the open door ahead.

About half way down the hall though I heard a giggle. The noise echoing softly in the empty hall, mixing with the raucous noise of the iron plates on the weight benches.

I looked ahead to see if it was one of the guys, but realized instinctively that it couldnt be. None of them would have soundedwellso like a girl.

A secondary corridor met up in a t-junction about five feet ahead. A break in the lockers along the edge of the hallway that led off to the equipment storage rooms.

Coming up to the entrance to the hallway, I saw none other than the ice queen herself, defrosting against a locker. She hadnt changed her clothes and she was wearing her tight team t-shirt and the short pleated tennis skirt that all the members of the girls tennis team wore. Looking all innocent she leaned back against the lockers, her two hands between her ass and the cold metal.

Hey, darlin I said, smiling at her, Funny place for you to be hanging round.

I get around, she said friendly, but nonchalant.

I bet, I replied.

Like the stud I am, or at least try to be, I moved in close to her body. She didnt get shy or move away like she normally did. The sound of the metal plates from the weights reminded me that my presence was required elsewhere, but I couldnt resist taking this opportunity in hand.

With my free hand I propped myself against the locker in front of her, blocking her there. My face was dangerously close to hers as I leaned into her.

I saw you in the gym earlier, I told her.

That so? she asked, smiling shyly.

Yeah, I said.

Were you checking me out? I asked boldly.

What do you think I was looking at? she countered in return.

Probably my ass, I said, sounding all self-assured, I have a pretty decent ass, you know.

Maybe I was, she replied indifferently.

Did you like what you saw? I asked my lips brushing against her cheek for a moment.

Mmmm, maybe she murmured softly, as she reached up to stroke my free arm right where my bicep met the shoulder muscles, Listen Marc, I was wondering.

I didnt let her continue though; my mouth had been pressed so close to hers, my nose had been brushing against the edge of her cheek. Having found no resistance, I continued until my mouth was nuzzling in her neck. My other hand dropped the shirt I was holding and once empty instinctively moved in to take her breast in the palm of my hand, gently squeezing it through the material of her shirt as I felt her up.

Yes? I murmured.

Oh, that feels so good, she sighed, her train of thought having been derailed for a moment.

Since her mouth was shut for a minute it seemed such a waste it just being so unoccupied.

I cupped her neck with my free hand, bringing her mouth up to meet mine. Her lips were sweet, with just a hint of salty sweat from her earlier workout. In fact her whole body was covered in a soft sheen of moisture.

Maybe it was from excitement?

When I broke away from her mouth to go back to her neck, it gave her another opportunity to speak.

I was talking to Jen Franklin the other day, she said, intermittently interrupted by my insistent kissing on her neck and shoulder, growing more familiar against her skin.

She told me you guys went out a couple time last year, she continued.

I grunted my acknowledgement. My tongue was probed the delicate edges of her earlobe. My hand slipped from the cushion of her breast, down her waist and over her ass, coping a hell of a feel as I went. I would have told her anything shed wanted to hear at that point as long as she didnt make me stop. I couldnt believe the luck I was having.

Well she and Heather Marshall and, oh, thats niceoh, right there, she breathed into my ear, as I found a sensitive spot.

Heather Marshall, I thought, the bitch that blew the whole basketball team last year? Where was she going with this? Id first slipped it to Heather at a Halloween party last year, but she was a pretty well used hole anyway, so I didnt count it among my major achievements. She and I fucked a couple times since then. Mostly when I was in too much of a hurry to find a better hole.

What the hell did all this have to do with me?

Feeling really emboldened I decided to get my hands under Brendas skirt before she changed her mind.

Just then two things happened at pretty much the same time.

First Brenda said, Is it true, what they say? That youre the thickest guy at school?

As if that wasnt enough to get my attention, I had been slipping my hand up the length of her thigh and under the hem of her skirt. My hand stopped as she spoke, my fingers curling into the flesh of her ass and her moist pussy lips.

She wasnt wearing any panties.

I pulled back and lifted her skirt. Her little pussy was neatly clipped and glistening with damp.

Well what have we got here? I asked Brenda, my thoughts clearly on her cunt lips.

My finger slipped into that twat before I even realized what I was doing. Damn fine instinct. Her pussy enveloped my index and middle fingers as they quested around her moist hot flesh.

Without saying a word she reached down and pushed her hand into my gym shorts, pushing them down so that she could get her fingers around my stiff cock.

My thumb massaged the clit that poked out from between her lips, all stiff and swollen.

It certainly feels big, she said, cock in hand.

Do you want to find out just how big? I asked.

Not here, she murmured.

Suddenly she let go of my cock, leaving me breathless. Taking hold of my hand under her skirt she deftly maneuvered around me and headed off down the side hall to the equipment rooms.

The door was unlocked and she led us in.

It was a matter of seconds before we were crushed against each other, surrounded by towels and sports equipment.

I got on my knees on the cold floor, between her legs, my hands pressed against her thighs, pinning her against the shelf. My tongue traced the elegant shape of her pussy and caressed the insides of her thigh muscles, teasing her. Her smell was strong, and getting stronger. I wanted to taste her.

Stiffening my tongue I gently stuck it in between her lips. I looked up at her face, as her hips jerked to my touch. Her head had rolled back as my ministrations became more insistent. She started to purr like an engine running. And then, after some persistence, I was treated to the first flood of her cum. I drank from her like a cup, savoring the sweet nectar. My tongue flat against her pussy lips and I lapped up and down, parting her fleshy lips, capturing every drop. My lips found the engorged clit and I wrapped my tongue around it too, sucking.

She let out a long low moan of pleasure, her hands against my hair, pressing me into her. Then she cried out for more.

I got my tongue into a long round tube, and slipped into her as far as I could go, trying to fuck her slit with my mouth. Her hands went from my head to play with her tits.

She jerked her body and arched her back as another wave of orgasm hit her, bathing my face in her satisfying pussy fluids. She stroked every conceivable part of her body in pleasure as the last jolt of it racked through her body. I looked up at her smiling face and knew that it was soon to be my turn.

This time she wasnt going to be deterred by the exposure of the hallway.

I stood up to face her and she brought my face to hers. Her tongue cat-like lapped up her own juices from where they coated my mouth and chin.

My turn, I said to her.

Hastily, I pulled off her t-shirt and with one practiced hand removed her sports bra. Her little firm tits spilled out down her chest, and she pushed her skirt to the floor. I neatly stepped out of my own shorts, and we stood there like Adam and Eve, naked as the day we were born, except for the presence of our tennis shoes.

All this time we thought you were a good girl, I said, I shouldve believed Bryerson when he said you were the biggest slut in three counties.

She smiled at me, grabbing my cock at the same time, Now listen, stud, I wouldnt go that far. At least not in this county!

I gasped as she gave my meat an experimental tug.

And I should have listened to Julie Shafer sooner, she went on coyly, She said you were good, and the biggest guy on the football team.

She pushed me back onto a bench that was up near the end of a shelf. I sat down, her fingers still working my dick.

She should know, I stated, looking into her eyes, She fucked us all last year.

After a pause to savor her ministrations, I added, So what stopped you anyway?

This girl was making miracles happen with just her thumb, which was firmly planted under the front of my mushroom tip, and her forefinger, massaging a really sensitive spot.

You think I just want to spread it around here? So you and the other guys can compare notes with Bryerson and the rest of the Spartans?

Ohhh, damn, I groaned, Im gonna need to cum soon if you keep that shit up.

Not yet, she said, Thats the best part.

Climbing up onto me, she sat down on my lap, straddling me on the bench. My cock was now free from her hand and it poked up into the empty air between us, alone and desperate for attention.

She placed her hands on my shoulders for balance and ground her pussy against my lap.
Her lips rubbed against the underside of my cock again and again, but came no closer to the action I was nearly frantic for.

My right hand snaked down to jerk my cock, all the while holding it as close to her pussy as I could get.

I want to feel you from the inside, I begged her, Please!

She was getting off on her control and I could feel her pussy flood with dampness again as its moisture seeped out to cover my shaft, dripping down towards my balls. I took her firmly by her lower back and forced her closer to me. Now her pussy was pressing firmly against my shaft.

Its not nice to tease the animals, I murmured.

A sudden surge of testosterone filled me with male urgency, as my balls filled with cum. I needed release soon or I was going to have a hell of a pair of blue balls.

Sensing my need, she took my cock from my hand and pressed the tip gently inside her pussy opening. I leaned back on the bench, watching her position herself above me and on me. Then I felt the magnificent sensation of penetrating those full, rich lips as my engorged dick, at nearly ten inches of solid, thick meat, slid inch by incredible inch up that nice, narrow passage. She still felt amazingly tight for a slut who had taken on as many men as Bryerson had claimed.

And judging from her reaction to me she was obviously a size fiend.

Oh, yeah, baby, she said in my ear, Oh, thats right. Yeah, you bastard, stuff that big cock inside my little cunt. Stretch me out.

Oh God, bitch I growled at her in response, still forcing my way inside, Youre so tight, youre the tightest cunt Ive ever had.

I was lying to her, but not by much.

Her own weight brought her to bear all the way down. What seemed like an eternity actually only took a few seconds. But soon my little man was buried in her steamy fissure.

Youre so big, stud, she moaned enticingly.

She started to move her ass up and down on my cock, pumping me, at first slowly and then faster and faster.

Tell me how much you like it, I begged.

Brenda worked herself up into a complete frenzy. She ground up and down, milking me, pulling up to the end of my tip and then sitting back down hard. I grabbed her ass to help her control her movements. Then I began to match her movements with my own careful thrusting. The intense pleasure of her pussy throbbed around me.

You bad boy! she cried out, Youre so hard. Youre breaking me apart. Oh, fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!

We had both broken out in sweat, glistening from our exertion in the stuffy, unventilated room. But nothing was stopping this girl as she slammed up and down on top of my prick. I watched her damp breasts bounce up and down in front of my face. Taking one in hand, I buried my face in her chest, tugging and stroking the soft flesh with my lips and teeth.

Then I felt that magic feeling in my balls.

All this excitement had diminished my staying power beyond belief. Fortunately, I mustve been working the special spot inside Brenda, because she started to cum again, and I felt her convulsions on my cock at the same time I watch the white liquid pour out down my shaft.

Oh, god, Marc! she screamed in pleasure, Oh, yeah, right there. Thats it, yeah, right there.

I cumming inside you, I said just as quickly, unable to hold back any longer, Jesus Fucking Christ, Brenda, Im cumming.

She was still being hit with the last pulses of her orgasm, as I felt my balls let loose and my load begin to spurt out inside her cunt.

My cock thrust inside her until the last remaining drops came out. When her orgasm was also finished she came to rest on my lap, my cock still lodged inside her. I was a teenage buck and I didnt feel the least bit tired. Looking into her eyes, I felt myself start to stiffen up again inside her before Id even gone soft. I was ready for another round.

What changed your mind? I asked her, after catching my breath, Whyd you bring me in here?

Maybe I just couldnt help myself, that tight ass and all, she said, Or maybe its just that Heather wanted to watch us fuck.

What? I said, know that I sounded lame.

Hey Marc, said Heather coming out from around a set of shelves filled with big, round basketballs.

Heather wasnt wearing a stitch of clothes on her body. And I knew its curves pretty well, as most of my posse did. She was on my top ten list, and with good reason. She had the biggest jugs of any girl at the school. Great big mounds that hung down even with the best bra she could find. Breasts hanging down even now, giving those basketballs a run for their money in size and shape.

I hope you dont mind, she said, her finger buried in her cunt, But Bren here was getting anxious for a good cock, and I told her she didnt have to leave home for it. Weve got some of the best right here in town.

You know I dont mind, baby, I said, grinning from ear to ear, I can always get it up for you!

Feels like youre up right now! said Brenda, Maybe Heather wants a turn too?

Grudgingly, I let Brenda get up off my boner, exposing me to the cold air. But before I could get lonesome, Heather came up to me and knelt down on her knees before me. She took what she could of my significant length into her mouth and alternated sucking with licking up the juices that coated my monster from its earlier journey. Brenda soon joined her and took turns sucking and licking my nearly ten inch shaft and my big, hairy balls.

I felt like the king of the fucking world with these two chicks, both so fucking hot, servicing me like the stud I am.

Fuck you two are so hot! I told them, willing them on.

But instead they backed away from me for a moment, leaving my cock momentarily unattended.

My face reflected my anguish, but Brenda just smiled. Then the girls prepared to give me a show worth paying for.

What do you want us to do, Marc? Brenda asked me, while looking longingly at Heather.

I want you to eat her out, I said on a whim.

At the thought, my cock strained even harder in the empty air.

Brenda seemed to favor the idea and leaned her body over Heather and began to rub her mouth around Heathers breasts, as she pushed her to the floor, licking and sucking her nipples lightly. Heather moaned, and Brenda moved down her prone body, slowly kissing the insides of Heathers thighs. Heather was squirming in pleasure beneath Brenda, who turned to look at me.

Do you want me to lick her pussy? she asked seductively.

Very much, I stuttered.

Christ, Brenda, do it! moaned Heather, For fucks sake, suck me! I cant stand it.

Brenda licked Heathers swollen clit, and knew exactly how to do it. It wasnt long before Heather started to buck beneath Brenda.

Oh, yes! Like that! she yelled, Oh Lord, Im going to cum. 

Heather came profoundly with a load moan and closed her eyes, throwing her head back.

Did you like that Marc? purred Brenda.

You bet your sweet ass! I said, now stroking my iron hard cock.

I felt like I could have punched a hole through sheet metal right then.

Good, said Brenda, as Heather laughed in delight recovering from her orgasm. 

I think youve been a good boy so far, said Brenda, rubbing her breasts, And I think its time you got to have some more fun.

Heather took her partners hint and moved over to me, kissing her way down my stiff abdominal muscles to my waiting dick. Finally she took my cock in her mouth and used her right hand to jack off the parts that wouldnt fit inside her oral orifice.

At the same time, Brenda quickly moved down between Heathers open thighs. And, as she was blowing me, Heather spread her legs wide to allow Brenda complete access. Brendas tongue sought out Heathers clit again, and began a hard ramming action with her tongue. It stimulated Heather into even more creative work on my cock. Brenda continued to stick her tongue out, flicking Heathers clit, sucking it in and starting the whole orgasmic process inside Heather all over again. This technique was sure to put Heather over the top in no time, and as her pleasure grew, the work on my cock became more intense.

Her mouth was like a Hoover. 

Oh, fuck yeah! I groaned loudly, Christ, baby! Work it baby, work it!

Heather pulled away for a minute to tell me, Your cock tastes so good Marc. I dont know why we dont do this more often.

I dont know why either, I said dreamily, But dont stop!

I continued, pushing her head back down onto my pole.

By this time Brenda had decided shed eaten enough of Heather, so she began to cheer Heather on.

Oh, yeah girl, she said, her finger replacing the stimulation in Heathers pussy that shed begun with her tongue, Cmon Heather. Doesnt Marcs big cock taste so good? I bet it feels real nice in your mouth.

Heather was and always has been nothing but an easy lay for me. So I felt no compunction at all about using her in this way. I moved my hands to the sides of her head and held it firmly on both sides. Gently, I started to guide her head back and forth along my cock. Then I started to slowly move my hips forward and back, feeding Heather my prick.

Thats it Marc, fuck her mouth, enticed Brenda as I started to pick up the pace.

Soon I was holding Heather still while I moved my cock in and out of her mouth. I started to fuck her mouth faster now, my cock pistoning in and out of her face. This girl could really take a good face fucking, I thought, as I drove my cock in and out of her open throat. Every once and a while, my cock would slip out of her mouth and slide across her cheek leaving a trail of her saliva and my pre-cum as it went. Since I could only get the first half of my cock in her mouth, I wasnt experiencing the kind of pleasure I felt in the velvet glove of a pussy.

Let some men enjoy a good blowjob or a tight little ass, both of which I do, believe me, but I am, have always been, and probably always will be, a pussy man first and foremost.

I need your pussy, I grunted, sounding desperate, as I pulled out of her mouth.

Brenda knew just the thing. She had Heather lay down on the bench and, while she straddled Heathers face, she pulled Heathers legs back so that Heathers pussy and ass were completely exposed to my waiting dick.

Heather went to work immediately slurping up Brendas juices. Seeing clearly what was expected of me I came over at once. I saw that precious cunt waiting for me. It was glistening with the pussy juices of Heathers cum. I saw the lips folded there, pulled back just enough to expose the hole of her vagina and it looked so moist and inviting, like a second home. I felt like such a man then, glad that God had seen fit to grace me with a cock and balls. Proud that it was so big it could give a woman an orgasm just by looking at it. I left my teenage manhood swell. I was in season, rutting like a bull. That pink hole filled all my thoughts and I just couldnt withstand my need and excitement.

In a frenzy of desire I plunged my length directly into that inviting cunt, watching my hard inches melt inside. She was so warm. She felt so good.

Heather Marshalls cunt was also not a new experience for me. She was so easy that shed been used by the entire basketball team, the football team, and probably the baseball and wrestling teams too. She had a comfortable looseness, even around my considerably wide girth, and I knew that there were no worries about cumming early the way Brendas cunt had forced me too. Even as I reached my hilt, balls slapping against her ass and rubbing against the cold floor, I felt my immediate lust cool into a more sedate pleasure.

So there we were positioned with me sliding in and out of Heather, and Brenda squatting over Heathers mouth. I was able to lean in and make out with Brenda while I fucked the shit out of Heathers hole. It was so fucking good being there, feeling Heathers moist juices lubricate my dick in her fiery little oven. My hands cupped Brendas tits, and I finally broke my lips away from hers as I brought mouth down to suck all the glistening salty sweat from off of her pert little tits.

Brenda was moaning uncontrollably from the work that Heather was putting into sucking out her cunt, and I moved my tongue over both Brendas nipples to stimulate her further. Her tits were really sensitive and I was being extra sloppy as I sucked on each one, leaving a nice amount of saliva to coat her tits.

Suddenly something occurred to me that I wanted to do. I requested that Brenda move further forward until she was all the way over Heathers face. I pulled myself out of Heather and moved over her so that I was close to Brenda, so close in fact that if she turned her head we were face to face. My cock was now nestled in the amply valley of Heathers cleavage and I started to rub my cock there, my tip coming close to where Brendas cunt was being worked by Heathers mouth.

Brenda screamed with another orgasm and Heather continued to eat out that tight little fuck hole, while my big, slippery dick rubbed between those tits. Heather, finally getting the idea, moved her hands up to her tits and squeezed them together for me. Feeling my cue, I forced my cock into the tight tunnel of flesh that she was creating for me. It slid in easily with all the pussy juice and sweat.

I was now pumping my cock between Heathers tits as she held them together, trapping me in there. My cock was totally enveloped in her tit-flesh as I titty fucked her, except for the end of my dick which was too long to be wholly enveloped by Heather on a forward thrust. The time came out near her face and pushed ever so into Brendas cunt; getting lapped on by Heathers wandering tongue for its troubles.

Oh, damn Marc! called out Heather, taking a momentary pause for breath, Fuck I love your hard cock between my tits. Do you like how it feels between my tits, Marc baby?

Damn, bitch, I love it between your fucking tits, I grunted, almost to myself, Christ, they feel so hot and soft around my cock.

I pushed Brenda off of Heather then, and I pulled my prick out from its confines in those tits and forced it into Heathers mouth, as far as it would go. I fucked her face for about a minute and then moved my cock back to her tits. I placed my dick between that tender flesh again and Heather wrapped the soft skin around my throbbing member. I was really fucking them now, thinking of nothing but my cock and this sluts tits. And Brenda was now playing tonsil hockey with me again, as she moved her cunt back near Heathers mouth in an effort to get her to lick it again.

Brenda reached down and started fingering her own cunt, since Heather had gotten so caught up in the titty fucking she was playing more with her own nipples and ignoring Brendas cunt even though it was right in her face.

My cock continued to slip into and out of those tits. My balls slapped against the skin. Finally, I needed to cum.

Im gonna cum on your tits! I groaned, suddenly shooting a big load as I continued thrusting.

When I was finished I was still hard. I didnt need any rest.

Whos next? I asked grinning.

Youre still hard? queried Brenda skeptically.

Hell, said Heather lazily underneath us, I told you Marc can go all night.

Damn straight! I crowed proudly, stroking my dick.

I was harder than steel. Harder even than before. And it was soon clear that the girls werent through by a long shot either. I felt big and bad and strong. I had all the staying power in the world, with one girl in my arms and the other underneath me.

Fucking Christ! Brenda said, finally looking down, If thats the case then I need that cock inside me again.

She got up and in turn made me get off of Heather. Brenda pushed me down onto the waiting bench again, so that I was laying there, my johnson standing straight, tall and proud. Then she moved over towards me and took my cock in her hand, which was cool against my burning flesh. With a hold of my cock, she lowered herself down onto me. I was anticipating the feeling of being inside her tight pussy again and when she rubbed my head on her pussy lips before I slipped inside I almost thought Id lose control and squirt like a virgin. Then she lowered herself down further until I was totally enveloped in her tight cunt again. She started to move up and down on my cock, fucking me like the whore she was.

I leaned back on the bench and enjoyed the ride. 

Heather, not to be left out though, moved over to us and got between Brendas legs. She started to lick Brendas pussy as it was fucking my prick. Every once and a while moving her tongue against my naked flesh or down around my exposed balls too. Brenda began to groan with delight again. Repeatedly, in her animated fucking, she would let me slip from her cunt and Heather would take me into her mouth, tasting her friends nasty juices on my rod. All too soon though I would find myself putting my cock back into Brendas warm pussy and she would continue to ride me like a bronco.

Finally, I sat straight up on the bench, and when Heather moved in behind Brenda, I began to play with her tits. Brenda put her hands on my shoulders to steady herself in the adjusted position, and really started to fuck me with her own momentum, daring her to make me cum inside her cunt again. Her pussy was pounding down onto my cock. I just couldnt get over how tight she felt, taking into account all the guys shed likely fucked. 

I could feel the cum start to boil in my balls again and knew what was coming up. 

Heather somehow seemed to sense it too and she crawled up to me and whispered into my ear, Cum in my mouth Marc, I want to taste you.

You better get down there then, I said, as I suddenly felt a wave of urgency pass through me, Fuck, I think Im going to cum right now.

Heather wasted no time in making her way over to the action and waited for her prize. As close as I was now, I started to buck my hips up into Brendas snatch like a madman.

Here it cums, I roared, as Brenda pulled herself off my cock, Heather took me into her throat immediately.

My blast of cum of cum was epic and it went straight down Heathers throat. She pulled me out of her mouth and started to jerk me off onto her gorgeous face. My cum sprayed all over her face and tits, making her look like a porn star. She managed to squeeze all the seed from my dick, milking it hard. Brenda got onto her knees and took me into her mouth, tasting my cum also. She sucked off whatever remaining juice was on my prick. Then she looked over at Heather and they started to make out, engaged in a very sensual kiss, sharing my juice between them. It was intensely erotic. They continued to swap my load. I made my way over to them and noticed that there was still a good amount of cum on Heathers tits. Brenda moved her head to Heathers chest and started to lick my spunk off those tits, tasting a mixture of sweat and semen. 

Lick her tits clean Brenda, I instructed.

We better get you hard again, because we are far from being done here, Brenda cooed softly to me, while complying with my request.

I moved over to the bench again and sat down. Both girls soon crawled over to me and started to suck my cock again, getting me ready for the next round. I knew at that age that I was still good for an all night bang, so they had me hard again in only a few seconds.

I rose to my feet and told them both to lie face down on the floor. As they both did so, I watched as their tits pressed against the floor. I jerked my cock off as I watched them lay there, wiggling their little asses up at me. Both girls were giving me a perfect view of their pink snatches. And they both had their asses slightly raised into the air. I moved over to them and straddled Brendas ass. I placed my cock between her legs and slid my cock into her tight cunt. Oh, Lord, I couldnt get enough of how tight she felt. I leaned forward and placed my hands on the floor by her shoulders. I started to fuck her sweet cunt, feeling my prick melt into her pussy. Just when she really started going and moaning, I pulled out and moved over to Heather and entered her the same way. I shoved my cock all the way in as hard as I could on the first thrust. She screamed out in pleasure, as groaned in response. I pulled my cock out of Heathers cunt and laid it between the crack of her ass. I took each cheek and squeezed them around my cock, fucking them as I had just fucked her tits earlier.

Shit, youre such a little slut Heather. You want me to stick my hard dick into your little ass? Dont you? I asked her, forcefully, Youd like it if I fucked you up you ass, wouldnt you? 

Yes, Marc! Please fuck my ass! 

But I said nothing more. Just moved away and slapped her exposed cheeks.

I moved over to Brenda again and inserted my cock into her cunt. I started to fuck her again. However, with her, I slid a finger up her ass as I was pounding her pussy. If I thought her pussy was tight, I found her ass so tight I could barely get my finger into it. I pulled it out and sucked it, making it wet with my saliva. I then put it back into her ass and it slid in much easier this time. I was now fucking Brendas cunt with my cock and her ass with my finger. It was the fucking bomb. I was now able to slide two fingers into her tight little asshole.

I looked over at Heather and said, Start fingering your ass, and get it ready for my cock.

She immediately moved her hand to her ass and started to work one of her fingers in and out. 

I continued to let Heather finger her ass a little longer and then I pulled out of Brenda and moved back to Heather. She had by far the largest, roundest ass of the two. Even if it was no less sexy than Brendas. I positioned myself over her ass and placed the head of my very sloppy cock at her asshole. Heather reached around and spread her ass cheeks as far apart as they would go. I slowly eased my hard on into her tiny asshole. Shed been used by me here before too, but the feeling of that tight muscle around my big cock was still outstanding. I had my head in her anal passage and started to force more of it into her, inch by tender inch.

Oh, yeah! she moaned, Fuck my ass. Fuck it hard.

I now pushed my cock in all the way and had my balls resting on her pussy lips.

Fuck! You like taking it up the ass, dont you bitch? I asked her.

Jesus! Fuck yes! Now fuck it you bastard, she begged, Fuck my ass!

I started to pump my cock in and out of her asshole. The feeling was amazing. I had fucked my share of bitches up the ass, but this felt different somehow. I was now fucking her ass hard, letting my cock piston in and out. Heather was screaming in pleasure as I drove my cock into her behind. I planted both my hands on the floor by her head and fucked her ass just like she wanted me too. I pulled my dick out of her ass and moved over to Brenda, who awaited my anal assault. 

As I moved inside Brenda I said, Thats it. Oh, yeah! Youre asshole is so fucking tight. Better than your pussy even. Bryerson said you like it in the ass.

I could tell she really enjoyed the way I talked to her, as dirty as possible, calling her all kinds of nasty names. I started to really pound her ass and she started to buck her ass back at me, obviously well used in this hole too, trying to take me deeper in. I pulled out of her and moved back to Heather and inserted my cock back into her ass, which was now so nice and loose that I could really hammer her. I could not believe how much these sluts liked getting fucked up their asses. This whole experience was incredible to me. After a few minutes I moved back over to Brenda and started to fuck her ass again. She was now reaching under her pelvis, fingering her sopping wet cunt. 

I continued fucking Brendas ass until she was screaming in another orgasm. I was pounding her ass, making my balls slap again and again against her soaking wet cunt. After her orgasm subsided, I got up on my feet and stood there. Both girls then crawled over to me and knelt in front of me.

Heather took my cock into her mouth and started to finger herself while she gave me head. She was just using her mouth to fuck me, no hands. She let me slip from her mouth and Brenda took my dirty cock deep into her throat in one motion. She too was using no hands to suck me.

On impulse I grasped both the girls heads and turned them so they were facing each other. I moved their lips together and started to slide my cock between their mouths. They started to lap at my prick with their tongues as I fucked their lips. Brenda then moved her head forward and let my cock slide into her mouth. I fucked her mouth for a few moments and then she let it slip out and Heather took it into her mouth. I continued to fuck her throat for a while and switched back to Brendas. I took turns fucking their faces, switching back and forth between their mouths. 

Remembering my earlier enjoyment, I said, I want to cum between your tits.

Both girls got down on their backs and placed themselves at a good position for me to get my cock between their tits so I could fuck them. 

Make your tits nice and wet for me, my little darlins, I said to them, Make them nice and slick, so I can fuck em real good.

Both girls reached down to their wet cunts, got their hands nice and wet, and then started to rub the pussy juices all over their breasts. Their tits were now shining in the dim light and were ready to be fucked. I positioned myself in front of Brendas pert pair first, and she enveloped me between them. Not as well as Heather, but sufficient to the task. I started to move my hips up and down, feeling my cock slide so easily between her hot, slippery tits. The mixture of her sweat, cunt juice, and my pre-cum made an unreal lubricant and let me fuck her tits so well and I pumped my cock into the fleshy vessel she had created for me. Then I moved myself over in front of Heather. She had her hands on either side of her tits all ready and was awaiting me. I put my cock between her breasts and she squeezed them together, trapping me once again.

Fuck, your tits are so amazing, I groaned in ecstasy, I could bone these tits all day. I could slide my dick between your big titties all fucking day!

I was in heaven. And I was with two gorgeous little sluts who loved what I was giving them. Heather bent her head downwards so she could start licking and sucking on the end of my cock as it peeked out of the front of her tits.

I moved back over to Brenda and put my cock back between her tits.

Oh, my turn again, she moaned excitedly and squeezed her tits together so hard that I thought my cock was going to get crushed.

I started pumping again, making her tits heave a little. As I started pumping up and down, she started to move her chest up and down, so that she was now jerking me off with her big tits. The sensation was amazing. 

I continued fucking her tits for a little while and then moved back over to Heather who was now rubbing more of her sweet pussy juice on her tits. This time she forced her tits together before I got in there and shaped them so that I could go straight in. I started to rub my cock on her nipples and that almost drove her crazy. Then I slid my cock straight into her tit flesh. In no time I was pumping forward and back, forward and back, tickling her tits with my curly pubic hairs. The friction was causing so much heat between her tits; it was like an oven in there. Heather started to shudder and she exploded in an orgasm. I fucked her tits for another minute and then moved back over to Brenda. I leaned over to her tits and spat out a big gob of saliva into my hand, rubbing it onto those tits. I started to spread it around with the head of my cock. 

Come on baby, Brenda told me, I want you to cum on my tits.

Once again, with the hots I had for Brenda, I knew that I was on the verge of blowing a massive load and sped up my humping in earnest. 

Fuck, Im gonna cum, I grunted.

As my cock pumped between Brendas tits I shot a load that struck the bottom of her chin. Brenda bent forward a bit and opened her mouth taking the next shot straight into her mouth. By now, Heather had her face down by her friends tits and was inches away from my pumping cock. I was still fucking Brendas tits and I shot another gob out of the end of my cock. This one hit Heather on the lips and in no time she had her tongue out to lick them clean.

Fuck! I exclaimed loudly, feeling momentarily exhausted, with my dick rapidly deflating.

I fell back onto the floor between them, letting them nuzzle up to my broad, muscled chest.

That was amazing, I breathed, I cant believe how hot you both are. Shit, I wish we had time to go all afternoon.

Then it occurred to me that I was late. I mean I was wicked late.

Fuck! I said realizing my error.

I didnt even know how much fucking time had passed.

Shit! I said, now in a hurry.

Grabbing my shorts from where theyd landed. The girls laughed at my antics, made more comical in my haste.

Well have to do this again sometime! called Brenda after me, all smiles.

Id like that, I replied, making my way to the door, But next time, lets do it after school.

By the time I retrieved my stuff and got to the gym the workout was over, and the guys had hit the showers. When Id made it to the locker room, I knew I was in deep shit up to my ears.

Where the fuck exactly have you been? asked Coach, in a low tone that brooked no argument or bullshit, And itd better impress me.

Figuring the truth was all I had to work with, I thought, what the hell, here goes nothing.

I just got laid by two girls in the equipment room, I ventured.

And I suppose you think thats funny, said Coach, not really meaning it as a question.

I think I probably paled at that point.

You are in so much fucking trouble, he told me, I cant believe youd lay a line of bullshit like that on me. I dont even want to hear anymore about it. You know youre the best damn fullback I got, but I swear by the good Lord Almighty youll be running laps for a week. Well discuss your punishment later. Now take your fucking ass and go shower.

He didnt need to tell me twice and I was out of his sight. Secretly, I think that Coach liked me; even though he carried on that my antics caused him grief. And I was relieved that I got off so lightly, although I knew that Id be made an example of publicly. All that I could live with considering the reason for the punishment. 

Pushing through the guys in the locker room, Steve was the first person I made for.

When he saw me, he looked puzzled, perhaps partly by my disappearance and partly by the ear-to-ear grin that was plastered across my face.

What the fuck? he asked, Where the fuck you been? Coach is pissed.

Hell, I know, I replied, nonchalantly, I just came from his office.

So why the fuck are you smiling?

My grin got bigger if that was at all possible.

Steve, my man, let me tell you all about it.

And that, as they say, is all he wrote.

* * *

Copyright  2002, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.