Stranger Than Fiction
by atarizona79

A new doctor in a small town is in for a shock of her life.

It was a beautiful morning in early summer months in a small coastal town in the state of Goa, India. This place was a hidden gem with virtually no tourism. On the west side there was a long stretch of pristine beaches and mountains lined the east side of this secluded town. This small community enjoyed all the comforts of modern world, thanks to the administration of the town led by Andrew D'Souza for the last thirty years.

Andrew had suffered a heart attack that morning. An ambulance was rushing him to the hospital. He was accompanied by his family that included his wife Rosie, 23 years old son, James, and 21 years old daughter Jasmine. After about five minutes the ambulance pulled at the emergency entrance of the hospital.

Neha, a young doctor who had recently completed her internship was in charge of emergencies that day. She immediately swung into action and was being briefed by the nurse as they were almost running through the lobby. As they were about to enter the ICU, Neha stopped just for a moment. A second ago, in the lobby, she noticed the patient's family huddled together. A young man was holding an old woman and a young woman in each arm, consoling them. A very common sight at hospital. However something she noticed through her peripheral vision was totally out of place.

"I think the younger woman in the man's embrace is completely naked," whispered Dr. Neha to the nurse.

"Oh yeah, that would be Jasmine," the nurse said.

As if it explained everything. With that the nurse closed the doors of the room.

An hour or so later Dr. Neha stepped out of the room. Patient's family was now surrounded by many people. Some of them rushed towards her, patient's wife was ahead of them all.

"Mrs. D'Souza?" Dr. Neha asked.

Mrs. D'Souza was shaken but managed to ask, "Yes, how is my husband?"

"He is doing fine now. It was a mild heart attack but he is out of danger," Dr. Neha assured her.

James and Jasmine made their way out of the crowd and stood next to Mrs. D'Souza holding hands.

Mrs. D'Souza introduced them to Dr. Neha, "This is my daughter Jasmine and my son James."

Neha suppressed the urge to ask, "And do you want to tell me why your daughter is stark naked in a public place?"

Even considering the worst case scenario where they had rushed their father to the hospital and Jasmine didn't even waste a minute to wear something, it did not make sense that nobody thought of draping her with a sheet or something once at the hospital. And nobody even seemed to be bothered by Jasmine's nudity. Everyone around Jasmine was behaving as if everything was absolutely normal.

"See you later," said Neha before she had to run for another emergency.

Neha was occupied for the rest of the day but she had Jasmine in the back of her mind all day. She did not see her again that day and did not get an opportunity to ask anyone about Jasmine.

Next morning Neha was in Andrew's room to check on him.

Someone called out in a sweet voice behind her, "Hello Doctor, may I come in?"

Neha, without turning said, "Please come in, I am almost done here."

As Neha looked up from her notepad, she saw the cutest naked bubble butt walking towards the bed. Jasmine was wearing only a pair of sneakers and carried a small purse over her shoulder. She sat on the edge of the bed next to her father and leaned over so their heads were touching. She reached out for his hands and they locked fingers. Her tanned smooth legs were crossed and hid her pussy. Neha noticed what she guessed would be 32C sized succulent bare breasts were now brushing against the back of her father's arm. Neha could not take her eyes off Jasmine. She felt a tingling between her own legs.

"How are you doing, Dad?" Jasmine asked.

"I am fine darling, ready to go back home."

"We are keeping you under observation for at least 36 hours," Neha said.

"Now you listen to the Doctor's orders, Dad," Jasmine said.

A few minutes later Jasmine looked at the clock and said, "Oh, I gotta run, or I will be late for the college. See you later."

Neha wondered if she goes to college naked too. She tried to picture it in mind but it was not an easy thing to imagine.

Around 4 PM, Neha was leaving for the day. She noticed from the end of the lobby that Jasmine was back at the hospital. It was not difficult to spot that girl. She was perched over the counter talking to Rita, one of the front office clerks.

"Hey Jasmine, how was the college?" Neha asked as she reached the reception.

"It was great. We are almost done with the semester," Jasmine answered.

Neha noticed how her bare breasts were pressed on the glass counter top. It reminded her of how they used to press their noses against the car window as kids. Jasmine left to see her father after a few minutes of small talk.

Neha knew Rita well enough. She seemed like a nice motherly lady and brought Neha some homemade food a few times last week. Rita was also wrapping up for the day. Neha asked, "Hey Rita, I was wondering if you would like to go out for a quick drink?"

Rita gladly accepted.

As they were walking to the car, Rita said, "It is a bit early for the only place in the town to open where women could go get a drink."

Neha considered it for a moment, "In that case, are you okay if we go to my place instead?"

"Of course I am," Rita said.

It took them only a few minutes to reach Neha's house. Neha showed Rita her bar and went for a quick shower. When Neha stepped out, showered and wearing her pajamas, Rita had already poured two glasses of wine. Neha settled from across Rita with her glass.

After a little small talk, Neha said, "Rita, you know I just moved here last week and don't know much about this place or even this state. I jumped at the opportunity to work at TK hospital because it is well known for it's charitable work. I liked it here, though it is too early to say. Before coming here, I used to think there is nothing I haven't seen. But I am unable to wrap my head around the fact that there is a sexy and totally naked girl strolling in this town as if it is nobody's business. I mean how is that even possible? What about her parents, family, society, authorities, moral police and media? How did..."

Rita interrupted, "Sorry Madam.."

Neha corrected her with a smile, "Neha is just fine".

"Sure. Neha, I know how shocking it would be to you. We are so used to it that I don't think anyone thought of mentioning it to you sooner. All your bewilderment is totally justified. Let me start at the beginning.

D'Souzas are our neighbors since I got married and came to this town. Jasmine and my daughter, Beth, are about the same age and best friends. I remember Jasmine never liked wearing clothes. She was almost always naked. I think, I saw her in clothes only a few times, maybe during festivals.

She is the baby in the house and got away with it when she was young. Mr. D'Souza practically owns more than half of the town including schools and colleges. He is also politically influential. So people in the town and authorities did not really have stomach to say anything about Jasmine's public nudity. It was Jasmine's mother who was tired of all the gossip as Jasmine grew older. She had Mr. D'Souza send her to a boarding school hoping that it will help her outgrow her habit. Jasmine completed her 12th grade there and returned back home right after her eighteenth birthday, I remember because it was Beth's 18th birthday the following week.

Jasmine hadn't changed even a bit. If anything, she got bolder when she was away. There she was, at Beth's biggest birthday party, standing next to Beth completely naked. Of course, Beth didn't mind, she was happy to have her best friend back. Beth still has a framed picture in her room hugging her naked friend tightly right after cake was cut.

Jasmine started going to college here. Her mother told me that she had offered her two choices for college. First was to start wearing clothes and go to either of two colleges in the town or stay naked and she can only go to girls' commerce college. Jasmine obviously chose girls' college. Beth tagged along with her. However weird it sounds, a clothed girl hanging out with a completely naked girl every day, all day, I must say, it was a beautiful sight.

What happened in the next three years changed a lot of things for Jasmine and this town. She immersed herself in social work to care for the poor and unprivileged. Our hospital was one of her initiatives. She started a new school. Brought two factories in the town that created employment. She became a sweetheart, a naked angel and people started looking at her beyond her nudity. Her father is her strongest supporter and does not seem to mind at all that she is naked in front of everybody all the time. As far mainstream media, her father has kept them away from her. She still appears in the local newspapers with black strips covering her privates."

This was beyond imagination for Neha. After a few drinks and some more chit chat, Rita left. Now Neha knew a lot more about Jasmine. But she ached for more. She kept replaying images of Jasmine in her mind. How her hair looked like waves and her boobs bounced so gently and her perfectly shaped ass swayed when she walked through hospital corridors answering everyone's greetings. How she was so natural and perhaps more confident than a woman in a business suit when surrounded by crowds at hospital. Neha did not want but needed to know more about Jasmine. She could hardly wait to see the goddess again. She slept and kept dreaming about Jasmine.

Neha went for a quick morning jog in the park next to their bungalow community. She was probably halfway on the track when she saw Jasmine, running and heading towards her. She was not fully naked though. She was wearing a black sports bra but no bottoms that day.

As they were face to face, Jasmine stopped and rested both her hands on hips. She was glistening in sweat. A bang of her hair got loose and she flipped it.

Catching her breath Jasmine said, "Good morning, Doc. I didn't see you on the track before, welcome."

"Good Morning! Yeah my first time here," Neha said.

"I am almost done, going to cool down for a few," Jasmine said pointing to the benches.

They sat on the benches facing each other. Jasmine absently sat with her legs apart as she removed the band from her ponytail and shook her head side to side. Her pussy lips were parted giving Neha a full view of her cleanly shaved pussy.

Jasmine immediately noticed Neha's hesitance and crossed her legs. "Sorry Doc, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

Neha replied, "I should be the one apologizing, ogling at your pussy!"

Jasmine started laughing, an unexpected response, but Neha felt totally fine and joined in.

Neha spoke next, "Jasmine, I will be honest. I think you are the greatest girl I have ever met. I couldn't even imagine what kind of courage is needed to stay in nude in front of everyone and have them love you for something much greater. I could not dare strip in my roommate's presence when I was staying in a hostel."

Jasmine blushed a little. She did not hear this too often.

Jasmine said, "Thanks doc. That's nice of you to say. I don't feel the need to cover up, ever. This seems like the most natural thing to do."

A moment of silence passed. An elderly couple on their morning walk stopped near them for a quick chat.

Later a group of four young guys, probably college students, jogged by with a quick, "Hey, Jasmine".

Jasmine returned each greeting with a smile.

"By the way," Jasmine said breaking the silence between them,"Mom wanted to invite you for dinner over the weekend. Does Saturday evening work for you? Hopefully Dad is discharged by then."

"I would love to," Neha said. Slightly with a teasing tone she asked, "Jasmine, what's with the bra today?"

Jasmine laughed again, "I know, right! Who says I am naked all the time, I wear this at least for an hour each day."

With that she pulled her bra over her head. She said goodbye to Neha and started walking towards the exit. Neha did not even make an attempt to not stare the perfect figure till Jasmine disappeared.

Over the next couple of days, Neha ran into Jasmine few times. Neha still could not get used to see Jasmine naked and each time she saw Jasmine, her heart raced.

Neha didn't have to worry too much about what to wear to D'Souzas' when she was getting ready on Saturday evening. She knew that she would not be judged based on her attire. She chose a simple white blouse and a denim skirt.

As she arrived at the D'Souzas, she thought it was a much bigger house than she had expected.

Jasmine's mother answered the door and Neha handed her a basket of fresh vegetables she picked up earlier. The house was filled with the aroma of rice cooking.

"Come on in, so glad you could make it," Jasmine's mother said. Pointing towards the large sitting area she said, "Please make yourself comfortable."

Jasmine and a young woman about her own age were descending down the stairs. As they reached down Jasmine introduced, "This is Beth, she is my best friend since we were in diapers. And this is Neha."

Jasmine, as Neha expected, was totally naked. Today she was not even wearing shoes or a hat or any another accessory. It made her appear even more naked, if that was even possible. Beth was wearing a worn out jeans and a yellow tank top. Neha remembered and silently agreed with what Beth's mother had said about seeing them together like this was indeed a beautiful sight.

Jasmine gave Neha a house tour. It was obvious that D'Souzas were a pretty wealthy family. Carefully picked furniture, antiques, plush carpets gave each room an elegant look. There were several family pictures on the walls. Neha stopped and inquisitively looked at all of them. In most of the pictures Jasmine was naked. Neha liked them all but one of them was immediately her favorites. In that picture, Jasmine was cooking and was wearing a small apron without anything underneath. Only her right breast was popping out as the apron sat unevenly on her shoulders. A bang of loose hair hung low. The picture was taken from behind her and she was half turned to pose holding a ladle.

All these pictures were also a confirmation of what Rita had told Neha about Jasmine. The pictures were taken over several years and on various occasions and, oh boy, it was clear that this girl hated clothes. Neha almost didn't recognize Jasmine in one of the pictures where she was dressed in a long gown. They had a pretty good laugh about it.

Jasmine's father was in his bedroom, about to go to the dining room and girls spent a few minutes with him. Her brother had just arrived and waited for them at the dining table.

"Dinner is ready," Jasmine's mother called out.

Jasmine and Neha sat on one side of the table, facing Jasmine's brother and Beth and Mom and Dad sat at each end. It was a multiple course meal and Neha liked every bite of it.

The conversation at the table was light and filled with a lot of laughter. Neha liked how down to earth the family was and she felt home with them. Neha noticed that her family was very accustomed to Jasmine's nudity. Not once did anyone say or do something that could be because of a naked girl at the table.

Jasmine's Dad asked Neha, "So Dr. Neha, how do you like our town? Is there anything that we could do to make your transition here easier?"

"I liked this place. I am still getting used to it but I like it so far," Neha said, this time with a bit more confidence.

"Did you go any sightseeing? Not that there is a lot to see but we got a few pretty places you might like," Mr. D'Souza said.

"Do you want me to take you around, Neha," Jasmine asked. "We can go tomorrow. We can start with a lunch at the beach shack and check out a few spots till sunset."

"That sounds great," Neha said, already picturing a day out with a gorgeous naked girl.

After dinner, Jasmine's mother and father retired to their bedroom and Jasmine's brother went to the study room.

Jasmine opened a bottle of wine and the girls sat out on the porch with their glasses. Weather was nice and warm with an occasional breeze.

After a few glasses their conversation got much lighter. Neha asked, "Jasmine, my apologies, I asked someone at the hospital about your lifestyle and learnt a few things. It was inappropriate on my part."

"No worries, Neha," Jasmine said patting Neha's knee, "I would do the same if I were you. It is not everyday you come across somebody like me."

"If you don't mind, can I ask you something?" Neha asked.

"Go right ahead, I have nothing to hide," Jasmine said with a smile and chuckle.

"How did you get here?" Neha asked with a gesture showing Jasmine's naked body.

"Long story. I never thought I would get to do it, I mean be naked 24/7 and go on with normal life simultaneously. Obviously, I am an extreme exhibitionist. I like the thrill of being naked in front of other people. However, I am a bit different than most of the exhibitionists. They typically flash or streak and are sneaky most of the times. I wanted to be fearless like a big cat. I don't carry a little dress to slip on quickly. Heck, I don't own more than a couple of dresses that are accumulating dust in my closet. Last time I wore proper clothes was a few months back!

My parents dragged me to a few shrinks and I fully cooperated with them to get cured if it indeed were some mental illness. The shrinks separately and unanimously concluded that I am mentally stable. Their reports, which my parents shared with me later, concluded that if I am forced to wear clothes, I may comply but that would most certainly have several negative impacts on my mind and body. And they also stated that if I were allowed to be naked anytime, anywhere, as I wished, I would probably achieve great heights.

My mother accepted the diagnosis, however, she was not willing to let me go naked in public and become an object of lust. She had no issues with my nudity in and around the house and in front of immediate family. My parents also tried to keep me away from home with a hope that it would help.

There was a period when I forced myself to wear clothes for ten days straight just for the sake of my parents. The results were devastating. When doctors checked me, they were certain that I would literally die and there was nothing they could do to save me. It was then that my mother told me that she did not give a damn about the world anymore. All she wanted was a healthy daughter and she couldn't care less if she was wearing clothes. My dad always supported me and I am sure he helped convince my mom."

"Wow! That is incredible. I didn't know this part. Gal, you have been through a lot," Neha said hugging Jasmine.

"Thanks! I think in this whole mess, my brother struggled a lot. I mean, what do you expect from a young man with a sister whose naked body is constantly on display? And when I am not around there are all these pictures around the house. I always felt guilty for him. He finally seemed to have gotten tired of my nakedness to a point where it was probably not troubling him."

Beth chimed in, "I think your father is the coolest one with your nudity. I saw you sitting in his lap playfully many times. You guys are probably much closer and open to each other than me and my father are. Remember Jasmine, when you were called to hand over trophies after cricket tournament and how the crowd erupted in cheering when you walked into the stadium holding your head high with a cricket bat on your shoulder wearing nothing but gloves?"

"Now that was fun, wasn't it?" Jasmine said laughing and probably remembering the details. "Do you know I am the only woman on the board of our hospital? And I am naked in every board meeting among all those men. You should have seen the faces of those people when I first walked in the board meeting. They probably thought I would be dressed up being executive and all but, hey, I make my own rules."

Setting her glass down, Neha said, "I understand how your family supports you. How do other people react up close? Aside from family honor aren't there any safety concerns in going around like this?"

Jasmine shifted in her chair, "Well, safety concerns are always there but no more than any other well clad woman has. As far family reputation my father does not believe in all that BS. I know people talk and I am sure they must be calling me slut, whore, shameless and what not. I am in no way saying it is easy to be naked out there with those hungry eyes. But it really depends upon ourselves on how we let all of that impact us. I have given speeches, participated in sports, volunteered at charities, attended events and pretty much done everything you can imagine while being completely naked."

Neha was silent for a moment looking into her glass, taking it all in. When she looked up her eyes met with Jasmine's. They both held the gaze a minute too long. Beth had to clink her glass to break their trance. It was obvious they adored each other very much.

"Well, I should get going," Neha said rising from her chair.

Girls hugged each other.

"Should I pick you up at noon for sightseeing, Neha?" Jasmine asked as Neha was getting in the car.

"Deal," Neha said before she drove away.

Neha was ready an hour before their scheduled time to go sightseeing. She was wearing a short-shorts and a red tank top that ended right above her belly button. She was subconsciously listening for any sounds of Jasmine's arrival. She heard an engine sound outside and knew it would be Jasmine.

Neha stepped out and when she looked at Jasmine she knew she was in love with this girl on a motorcycle. She took a good look at Jasmine before descending from her porch. Jasmine was sitting naked on a motorcycle with both her legs stretched out touching the ground. She was wearing knee high brown riding boots. Her hands held onto the handles. A pair of round sunglasses sat on her nose bridge but her eyes were visible on top of them. The nipples on her perfectly round, firm breasts were erected and pointing straight forward.

"If you are done looking at me shall we go?" Jasmine asked with a wink.

Without saying anything Neha climbed behind Jasmine. She slid her one hand very slowly beginning on right side of Jasmine's bare torso. She did the same on the other side till both her hands were hugging Jasmine from behind.

Holding Jasmine tight, she whispered in her ear, "Jasmine, I love you!"

Jasmine slowly turned her head towards Neha. Their lips were almost touching now. Their eyes were locked again.

"I love you too, Neha," Jasmine said in a sultry voice. They were now kissing as if they are lovers forever.

Neha was now fondling Jasmine's breasts, slowly massaging them and occasionally pinching the erect nipples.

Jasmine broke the kiss and leaned her head on Neha's shoulder, facing forward, eyes shut, moaning. Taking it as a sign to move on, Neha slid her right hand down Jasmine's flat stomach, only stopping for a moment to explore her belly button. Neha's fingers kept sliding down till they were inside Jasmine's warm and wet pussy.

"Oh my God..right there Neha, right there," cried Jasmine.

"You like it, don't you?" Neha said increasing her pace.

"I am gonna cum, oh my gosh, I am gonna cum right here..faster, faster."

A few minutes into this and Jasmine cummed right there on her motorcycle. Neha held her until her breathing returned back to normal.

"Now I am ready to go," Neha said.

"Let me get cleaned before we head out in the town. People always see me naked but they have never seen my pussy dripping like this," Jasmine said wiping off her pussy with two fingers. She inserted her wet fingers in Neha's warm mouth. Neha sucked on Jasmine's fingers deliciously.

"Let's get you cleaned up inside," Neha said.

With that they went inside, holding hands and closed the door behind them.
