Hi Rosie Webster here again.
Remember last time? I had just had an incredible threesome with Carla and Trevor. Well we had another shortly after, but I felt Carla wanted me, but didn't seem to want Trevor to have me, a little over protective, so we never got round to arranging another and it just fizzled out.
So my sex life was back to zero.
I was keen to get back into action. As much as I love a big stiff cock, either in my pussy or my mouth, I did miss the pure sensuality of lesbian sex. A woman's kisses were more tender, to feel a nipple become instantly erect at the merest touch of my finger or tongue, or to comb my fingers through pubic hair on route to the silken purse of another woman's vagina, just thrills me.
Thinking of it now, my hand is down my panties and I am gently rubbing my clitoris.
Well that was a nice little orgasm, but back to the story.
I lay in bed one night and ran through the list of possible lesbian partners.
I had been with both my mother and sister, and while we don't talk about those events, I would never say never again. There is Sophie's friend Sian, a threesome with those two would be nice, but they are so into one another, that possibility seems remote.
Carla was an obvious one, but I needed a change. Mollie was a new mother, possibly to my nephew, if my dad was the father. Tina was loved up with dorky Graham, god what she sees in him I will never know. Sunita was a possible, I have had a black girl, but never an Indian, I added Sunita to the list I was preparing mentally. That left Leanne and Claire, both possible and added to my list. Fizz I discounted.
Liz? If I wanted to try a mature, it would be Liz McDonald, on the list as a possible. Thinking of Liz, led me to the Rovers, Becky, no doubt had a bit of girl on girl with her cell mate when she was inside, so a possible, but Michelle Conner, now there was a definite favourite. I made Michelle my target.
The following Friday, I had been trawling around agencies in town looking for work, when I called in the Rovers. Michelle was behind the bar, looking very attractive. She was wearing one of those sweaters with a big neckline that caused the top to slip, revealing a black bra strap, which I found incredibly sexy.
"Hi Rosie, what can I get you?" she said cheerfully.
I replied "Hi, a large glass of white wine please."
It was early and I was the only customer
Michelle asked, "Been job hunting? Any luck?"
I took a large drink of my wine and said "Yea, I got a lingerie shoot for a new guy, just half a day next week, but it pays ok and who knows it might get me noticed."
I then had a thought, "why don't you come with me? You don't work Wednesday's do you?
She replied, "I don't think so, but thanks for asking."
I tried to persuade her, "you can do my hair and make-up, please come, it will be a laugh with you there, plus it is always nice to have another person there, you never know with some blokes."
"Ok, I will if I can, I'll let you know.
I finished my wine and gave Michelle the low down on the shoot, she seemed quite excited.
That night I had trouble getting to sleep. My head was spinning with images of Michelle. My mind racing with possible scenarios in which I could lure her into my clutches.
My hand undid the top couple of buttons of my pyjama jacket and slid round my breast. My finger slowly circled the nipple, which instantly became hard. As this was happening, my mind was filled with a mind blowing fantasy.
It was Friday night, I walked into the "Rovers," the place was packed with regulars. Michelle was behind the bar, looking gorgeous, she was wearing the same outfit as earlier.
"Hi Rosie, the usual? Asks Michelle.
I do not answer. I simply reach over the bar, pull her head towards mine and kiss her very sexily.
The strange thing is nobody in the pub reacts, they just carry on drinking. Michelle pulls away from me and slowly leaves the bar and walks over to me.
Without saying a word she kisses me, he tongue thrusting into my mouth, seeking its mate. I respond, my lips moving against hers, my hands cupping her buttocks as our two bodies crush together.
Meanwhile, back in the real world, my left hand has worked its way into my pants and is stroking the thick pubic hair, before two or more fingers find their way into my, by now soaking pussy.
Back in my fantasy. I am kissing Michelle's neck, it is soft and smooth under my lips, she smells wonderful her hand pressing my head lower.
I kiss down her neck onto her shoulder before sliding my lips down onto the top of her breast. I pull down her bra and begin to chew on her nipple, while the others carry on as if the barmaid having he breasts sucked is an every day occurrence.
My hand and fingers are now frantically bringing me to orgasm. Which erupts, and the effects take with it the mental images of Michelle, as I drift off to sleep.
Over the weekend I met up with Michelle in the pub, but to my disappointment, all we shared was a drink and went over details for my photo shoot the following week.
Wednesday morning we took a taxi into town and soon found the studio. The photographer was a guy in his thirties called Steve. He explained the shoot was for a shopping catalogue and featured every day not very sexy underwear.
He showed us to the dressing room which was quite small, but adequate. I had deliberately worn very sexy underwear as I knew Michelle would see me in it.
As I begun to undress Michelle said "Oh I will wait outside."
"Don't be silly" I responded, "All girls together."
With that I stripped off my tee shirt to reveal a low cut bra that showed of my cleavage to its best advantage. Quickly stepping out of my jeans, I stood before her in a matching pair of panties.
"Wow , Rosie I knew you had a body, but you are fantastic, just perfect."
As I unclipped my bra and slid out of my panties, I Said "What about now?" as I stood naked.
She just shook her head and repeated "just perfect"
After putting on the first really boring set, Michelle fixed my hair and make up and we went back into the studio.
Steve took lots of shots in each of about seven sets of undies and between each series Michelle saw me naked.
Halfway through the shoot we were sat having a coffee Steve said "Have you ever done any modelling Michelle?"
She replied "me, why no, I don't have what it takes."
"Nonsense, you are gorgeous and have a fantastic figure, you look like a natural to me. Here let me snap a few off and you will see what I mean." enthused Steve.
With that he took Michelle by the hand and led her over to the small area he used for the shoots.
Hesitant at first, she soon relaxed under Steve's expert guidance.
When he finished the set he said "That was great Michelle, now get Rosie ready for her next outfit and I will run these through the system."
After the session Steve displayed the pictures he had taken of Michelle on his laptop, they were brilliant.
"God you look amazing." I exclaimed.
Steve then said "look girls I have a shoot next week for a French magazine, it is for sexy lingerie and calls for two models, I was going to ring the agency, but the job is yours if you want it."
Michelle immediately declined, "no way," she said firmly.
But when Steve told us it was worth £200 each for a days work and the magazine was not available in England, she reluctantly agreed.
When the big day arrived I was feverish with excitement, I would see Michelle naked at last and perhaps get to hold her, or even kiss?
When we arrived at the studio, Steve introduced us to his assistant, Kim. She was a stunning black girl aged about 19 with an incredible figure. I had not had a black girl since Barbados and I stored the image in my mind and made a note to get her number. It was a good start.
Kim had arranged our outfits in the changing room. As I began to undress Michelle said "Rosie, I don't think I can do this, its not me."
Suddenly all my plans seemed to be doomed, but I replied, "You will be OK, everyone's nervous at first, trust me, everything will be fine."
She gave a little smile and as I pulled my sweater over my head, she did the same.
Within seconds I was naked and climbing into the first set of lingerie, a really sexy red and black bra and panty set. I glanced over as Michelle was removing her bra. Her breasts were beautiful, dark pink nipples set in quite small aureoles, I wanted to go over and take the erect bud between my lips, but controlled myself.
As she slipped off her white panties, I saw that like me she kept her female triangle of really black pubic hair, I was practically beside myself with lust for this woman.
Kim came into the room and asked if we were ready. I gave Michelle a little hug and said "good luck, you will be fine."
Steve had us posing in a variety of positions, nothing provocative, but sexy all the same. We did touch each other on occasions, the feel of Michelle's skin under my fingers sent shivers through me, though I am not sure if she noticed.
After the third change of lingerie, Michelle was getting quite blasé about stripping off in front of me, which I took as a good sign for future plans.
The final outfit was a stunning scarlet set, complete with suspender belt and black silk stockings. Now I love stockings and suspenders, they make me so horny.
Michelle looked stunning and when Steve had us posing in a more sexual way, including nearly kissing, our lips were only inches apart and the final shot of Michelle standing behind me, then the most sensual shot of the day, her hands on my stomach, pointing down and her lips almost touching my neck. How I wanted for her to kiss my neck, whilst her hands slid down into my panties and her fingers entered my by now soaking pussy. But it was not to be. The shoot finished and we went back to get changed into our street clothes. I took one final look at Michelle's naked body and vowed that I would bed her before the month was out.
After getting our £200, we went into town and spent a good amount in a wine bar. We were both a little tipsy when Steve McDonald picked us up in his taxi. We did not tell him of course, what we had been doing, that would remain our secret.
I was disappointed when Steve dropped Michelle off at her flat that she did not invite me in. Just a hug and a quick peck on the cheek and she was gone.
A couple of weeks passed when I received a package from Steve, they were the proofs of the sets he had taken of Michelle and I.
I rang Michelle immediately to tell her. She said she was off on Friday night, why didn't I bring them round to her flat. She went on to thrill me by asking if I wanted to join her in a takeaway ,a bottle of wine and a "chick flick" on a girls night in. I don't have to tell you my reply.
When Michelle answered the door, she was wearing one of her loose tops, black bra strap showing and tight black pants. She looked gorgeous.
We ate pizza, drank wine, then got around to looking at the photo's.
Michelle was very impressed with the way Steve had shot us, "wow, we look really sexy, don't we?" she asked.
Smiling, I replied "we are really sexy," and I stroked her bare arm. She did not object, which I took as a good sign.
Then came the ones where we almost kissed and where she was holding me, with her hands on my stomach.
She said "I was so horny when we were doing these. You know when your lips were so close to mine?" she hesitated then in a very quiet voice said" I wanted to kiss you ."
I was taken back and said "why didn't you?"
Michelle looked at me and said "you wouldn't have minded?
"Minded, its all I have been thinking about for weeks, kissing you."
She did not say a word, but moved her mouth towards mine, her lips slightly parted as they paused inches from mine. For what seemed an age we held back, then very slowly Michelle placed her lips briefly on mine.
We looked into each others eyes, then moved our mouths together, her tongue slowly snaking into mine as she enjoyed her first girl on girl kiss.
Her arms wrapped around me and pulled me close as we continued to kiss. She was a very good kisser and I was really enjoying my first true lesbian encounter in months.
I moved my lips from hers and kissed across her face, poked my tongue in her ear then sucked the lobe gently between my lips before kissing her neck, her long elegant neck.
Michelle lifted my head to join our lips again and when I slowly moved my hand to cup her breast, the intensity of her kisses increased. I could feel her nipple harden through the material of her sweater and bra and could not wait to take that hard nub between my lips.
Not wanting to rush things, I continued to caress her breast, whilst we carried on with the most sublime kissing.
Eventually as my hand sought under her sweater, I did manage to raise the garment over her head revealing a really sexy black bra.
We kissed again and I stripped off my top also. Michelle could not get enough of kissing me and I was not complaining, I was really getting worked up and horny.
My bra was one that showed my cleavage off to the full. Michelle tentatively reached out to touch my boobs, she hesitated and said "may I?"
I replied, "I will be very disappointed if you don't."
With that her fingers traced patterns over the top of my boobs, it felt great! She got a little bolder and slid her hand down into the cup of my bra, her fingers seeking and finding my nipple. This was going far better than I anticipated, she was taking the lead. While she was doing magical things with my nipple, I leaned over a kissed her, my hands sneaking around her back to unclip her bra. The garment fell and revealed her perfect breasts to my gaze.
I gently pushed her onto her back, her hand slipping from my bra as I took her nipple between my lips. I hungrily feasted on the hard nub and the firm flesh of her breast, all the pent up anticipation of this moment came to fruition.
Michelle pulled my head from her breast and placed her hot mouth over mine, our tongues flash in and out of our mouths, catching fleeting touches of each other, whilst I massage her breast, the nipple standing hard against my palm.
"Oh Rosie, this is wonderful." she whispers as her tongue flicks around my ear.
I don't say a word, but continue to kiss, suck and fondle her breasts.
Carla and Tabitha were great kissers, Sam the Virgin flight attendant was probably the best, but for sheer intensity of kisses, Michelle was right up there, she was insatiable.
We must have kissed and I fondled and kissed her breasts for the best part of thirty minutes, before I said the magic word.
"Bedroom?"
Michelle smiled and simply nodded her head.
We stood and hand in hand walked slowly towards Michelle's bedroom. It was very functional, but also "girlie". I was not bothered about the decoration however, all I was interested in was the woman standing before me.
I pulled her towards me, our breasts met, nipple rubbing against nipple, then our mouths, for what seemed like the thousandth time. Our hands were caressing each others backs and bums as the kisses grew more intense.
I reluctantly lifted my lips from hers and slid them down her chin, onto her throat and neck, then down in between her breasts and twirled my tongue into her belly button. I continued down, I undid the button of her pants and with my teeth undid the zip. I slid the pants over her hips and she stepped out of them.
She was wearing skimpy black lace panties. After kissing and licking her inner thighs, I moved my mouth over her panties and began to lick her through the lacy material. She was already wet and the saliva from my tongue increased the wetness .
Finally I eased the material to one side and gently licked her soaking pussy lips. Michelle let out a loud cry of ecstasy as I started to probe her wetness with my tongue.
My hands were caressing her bum, exploring every crevice available, when my finger reached her pussy from behind I slid them into her. With my tongue at the front and fingers round the back, it did not take long.
Michelle cried out loudly "Oh god, I'm coming, I'm coming, don't stop Rosie, don't stop, oh my god, oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes." at that she fell back onto the bed, quickly followed by me.
After kissing for a few minutes on top of the duvet, I decided to get naked, I had already removed Michelle's panties, I swear they were so wet, if I had thrown them at the wall, they would have probably stuck.
After taking off my mini skirt and slipping out of the tiny thong I was wearing, I joined Michelle under the duvet , all nice and snug.
Now all of you who have followed my sexual adventures, will know I love kissing. From my first, with a boy I cant even remember, when I was 12, through my many lovers, both male and female, I just love the feel of another persons lips on mine, our tongue exploring . But if I loved kissing, then Michelle was an addict.
For a good twenty minutes after we climbed into bed, our mouths were hardly ever apart. Michelle had never kissed a girl before, but by god, she was making up for lost time.
At first we were side by side, bodies close together, then Michelle climbed on top, I took this to be a good sign and that she may go down on me, or at least nibble my breasts, but no, it was all kissing.
As was her first time, I decided to give her a nudge in the right direction. I was on top and reluctantly left her lips and began to work my way south. This route took me by her very lovely neck, shoulder, very kissable and suckable breasts and down across her very flat stomach, until my tongue felt those lovely curly pubic hairs.
Not giving her chance to object, I parted her legs and pushed three fingers inside her. She was so wet, they slid in easily, quickly followed by my tongue, seeking her clitoris and flicking madly at the little nub of pleasure.
It did not take long with this sort of action. Within minutes Michelle let out another scream and her orgasm ripped through her body.
As I licked around her pussy, I took as much of her juices as I could into my mouth. Then coated my fingers in her cum.
"You want to know what you taste like?" I asked.
A little whimper of a noise told me yes.
I lowered my mouth to hers and let the juice I had collected from her pussy, dribble slowly into hers. Our tongues met as she eagerly drank in her own secretion.
I then offered each cum coated finger, which she hungrily sucked clean.
"Oh Rosie, I have had some incredible sex in my time, but nothing compares to this, you are a wonderful lover. I never realised that I could come so many times, and not a cock in sight."
She giggled at that and kissed me again, before relaxing back into the soft pillows.
We drifted off to sleep. I awoke to see Michelle climbing out of bed.
"Need to pee" said Michelle walking across the bedroom floor, her lovely shapely backside disappearing into the bathroom.
When she emerged, I deliberately looked for her reaction to what she saw.
What she saw was myself on top of the duvet, my legs spread wide and my fingers slowly sliding in and out of my pussy.
Michelle slowly moved towards the bed, as I continued to work my pussy. She climbed onto the bed and without saying a word, dropped her head between my legs. She kissed my pussy lips as she had those around my mouth. Her tongue snaked inside me as she tasted another woman for the first time.
She was a natural pussy licker, finding my clitoris quickly and just a quickly began to tease it with the tip of her tongue.
I was playing with my breasts whilst this incredible action was going on below, pulling my nipples until they hurt as my first orgasm ripped through me.
Michelle continued to lick and kiss me down below. She was very good at licking the entire length of my pussy with the flat of her tongue, covering a lot of area on both sensitive pieces of flesh.  
When she inserted her fingers as well, I exploded, a quite long and intense orgasm surging through my body.
Michelle very slowly and seductively, kissed and licked her way up my body and for the first time, I felt her mouth on my breasts, teasing the nipples with her tongue, before taking a large amount of breast into her mouth and sucking deeply, and I might add, loudly as well.
I knew what was coming next, we had not kissed for maybe 15 minutes while Michelle was driving me wild down below, so the moment our lips met and I tasted the last remnants of my pussy juice on her, I thrust my tongue at hers and we settled into the most sumptuous session of kissing.
I was anxious to taste her again, I motioned for her to kneel, which she did. I then slowly parted her legs and slid down the bed, between her legs. When my mouth was directly below her pussy, I said a one word command, "down!" Michelle eagerly complied and slowly lowered herself onto my waiting mouth. My lips were kissing her labia ones, then I began sucking the folds of sensitive skin, slowly my tongue, lapping gently at the soft skin, tasting her juices and sucking them in, as a bee sucks the nectar.
All this time Michelle was grinding her pussy into my face, I was having difficulty breathing, grabbing a breath when she for a brief moment altered position, but I would not stop and carried on forcing my tongue as deep inside her as I could.
I felt her orgasm building and as it arrived, my mouth was filled with the most amazing taste of her juices, flowing from the inner depths of her most glorious body.
I grabbed hold of her hips and motioned for her to spin around, she got the message and now facing down my body, dropped onto it, in a classical 69.
I spread my legs as Michelle's eager tongue went to work on my pussy.
I had the most incredible view of her pussy, the lips red and slightly inflamed from my prolonged sucking of them. The black hair, now soaked and plastered to her skin. The pinkness of her inner lips as I spread them and inserted first a finger and then my tongue, as far as it would go.
And of course, the small puckered button of her anus.
She squealed with what I took to be pleasure as I pushed a finger deep inside and began to work it.
We came simultaneously , our orgasms jetting through our bodies in a tumult of lust, love and pure passion.
Exhausted from our lovemaking, we shared a final kiss, before drifting off to sleep, wrapped in each others arms.
I was woken up next morning with Michelle sucking my nipple, with her hand gently rubbing my pussy. I think she likes this girl on girl stuff.