Emily's Public Adventures 
by mporn595

Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 010 – Sex in a Public Park

Emily has sex in a pubic park leading to group sex at home.

"Are you free to meet today?" Emily asked.

"Are you wanting to meet during work hours or after work?" Brian asked.

"I was thinking of a lunch quicky." Emily responded.

"That would be great. Where do you want to meet?" Brian asked.

"I was thinking of meeting up at the park that overlooks the lake. What time is your lunch?"

"I can be there around 12:30." Brian said with excitement in his voice.

"See you then." Emily said, ending the phone call.

Emily was still naked having woken up feeling frisky. She decided to call Brian to see if he wanted to fool around. She hoped he would be okay with fucking in public, just thinking about it was getting her wet. Throwing the covers off, she ran her hand over her smooth pussy. Having gotten waxed yesterday, she loved how smooth she felt.

Emily slid her finger between her pussy lips, greeted by her wetness. She lifted her hand up and could see her arousal on her finger. She licked her finger clean while sliding the other hand over her pussy. She brought the hand she had just licked clean back down and spread her ample pussy lips. The cool air of the air conditioner hit her clit. It sent a shiver down her spine. Her finger circled her clit making tighter and tighter circles. She was so aroused it didn't take long for her to cry out in ecstasy.

Getting out of the shower she stood in front of the mirror admiring herself. She ran her hands across her breasts. Emily was so horny and wanted to cum again. She started moving her hand down to her pussy when she thought she would try to wait and release the pent-up sexual frustration on Brian. She did her hair and put on her makeup and walked to her closet and looked for the right dress.

This would call for a sundress. She had picked up a couple of new ones. She found one that was strapless, it was held in place by a halter style top. It flowed and billowed out. When she spun it rose nearly high enough to reveal that she wasn't wearing panties. The white fabric nearly showed off her nipples. She was driving herself wild. She looked at the clock and it was only 10:30. She went to the kitchen and fixed herself some breakfast. While she was eating, she looked at the empty chairs. She remembered when Anna and Ryan were sitting there naked eating breakfast just a few days ago.

Emily tried to think of something else but was getting excited to see Brian. When she was done with breakfast, she cleaned up and looked at the time. Nearly noon. She decided to head to the park. Maybe Brian would be early. As Emily walked into her garage she was reminded of when the three of them drove out to the hiking trail completely naked. A shudder of pleasure ran through Emily as she got in the car.

Parking the car at the park Emily got out and a gust of wind caught her dress. She felt it fly up before she had a chance to catch it. When she got her dress smoothed down, she looked up and saw two men staring at her. She smiled at them. They smiled back at her. Emily walked around the park and saw Brian sitting at one of the benches. She walked up behind him and gave him a kiss on the neck.

"Hello Brian." Emily said with warmth in her voice.

"Hey, M." Brian responded.

"Emily." Emily said, walking around the bench to sit beside him.

"Emily, I like it. I like the abbreviation of your name as well." Brian said grinning.

"Let me see your phone." Emily commanded.

Brian handed her his phone and watched as she added herself to his contacts.

As Emily handed his phone back an evil smile crept across her face, "When you get home, I want to see a video of you watching one of the videos ending with you cumming."

Brian smiled at her, "That would be my pleasure."

Emily half stood and swung her leg over Brian's lap. She sat on him and gave him an intense kiss. When she stopped kissing him, she leaned in and whispered, "I am wearing your favourite kind of panties."

Brian reached between them and cupped her freshly waxed pussy. "You're right, my favourite colour too." Brian said with lust in his voice.

"Pull your cock out." Emily commanded.

"Okay." Brian responded.

Brian undid his fly and pulled out his hard cock. Emily moved forward a bit and lowered herself on his dick. Brian looked around to see if anyone was paying attention to them, he couldn't see anyone that was looking at them. Brian expected Emily to start bouncing on him, but he felt her pussy grip his cock. He looked up at Emily. She looked down at him smiling, "I've been working on my pelvic floor. My kegel muscles have developed nicely."

"I'll say." Brian agreed.

Emily continued to massage Brian's cock with her pussy. She started kissing Brian again and grabbed his hand bringing it up to her breast. Emily felt Brian's thumb running over her hard nipple. Emily stopped kissing Brian and said, "Suck on my nipple."

Brian was too worked up to care about what people might see, he quickly pulled her top down over her left breast. He smiled when he saw her hard nipple. His mouth found her breast and he started to flick her nipple with his tongue then gently biting it. Brian moved a hand down and started to play with Emily's clit.

Emily watched Brian pull down her top. She felt him work her nipple with his tongue, it was extraordinary. She was nearly driven wild when he reached down and started playing with her clit. She could feel herself getting even wetter. She hoped she wouldn't get his pants wet but was too worked up to stop.

She was so revved up when Brian started to play with her clit, she could tell that she was going to cum soon. She whispered in Brian's ear, "You're going to make me cum, don't stop." Her orgasm hit her hard, she did her best not to cry out.

Brian felt Emily start to cum on his cock. The way she had been working his cock with her pussy changed from regular grips and releases to a more spasmic action. With Emily cumming on his cock the increased grip her pussy was giving while cumming caused Brian to cum as well.

Emily was enjoying the sensation of Brian's mouth on her nipple while she was cumming. As she was cumming she felt Brian's cock pulse as he shot his load deep into her. She felt him pulse again and again as he filled her pussy with his cum. Emily put her hand on Brian's cheek. He let go of her nipple. He pulled her dress back over her breast.

"That was incredible!" Brian said.

"Yes, it was." Emily agreed.

Emily could feel Brian's cock getting smaller inside of her. She moved off his dick to let him put it away. When Brian nodded Emily got off his lap. She sat beside him and felt his cum leaking out of her pussy down her ass. She knew that when she stood up that there would be a wet spot on her dress. She didn't care, this was totally worth it.

Emily gave Brian a kiss on the cheek as she stood up, "Don't forget about my video."

"I won't." Brian responded.

Emily walked back to her car feeling a bit more of Brian's cum drip down her leg. She drove home and was surprised to see Anna waiting outside her house. As Emily pulled into the garage Anna followed her in.

"I didn't know you were coming by." Emily said with a smile.

"I thought I would surprise you. I was disappointed that you weren't home. I was just about to call an Uber when you drove up. What were you doing?" Anna asked.

"Fucking Brian in the park." Emily said proudly.

"What! And you didn't call me?" Anna said jokingly.

Anna followed Emily into the house. Emily heard Anna giggle and say, "You've got a wet spot."

"Yeah, I haven't had a chance to clean up since he came in me." Emily responded.

"I can help with that." Anna said coyly.

Emily quickly pulled her sundress over her head. Naked she turned to face Anna. "Where do you want me?" Emily asked.

"Let's go to your bed." Anna suggested.

Anna watched Emily's beautiful ass walk away. Anna followed Emily discarding clothes as she went. By the time they were in the bedroom there was a trail of Anna's clothes behind them. Emily got on the bed and spread her legs. Anna watched as Emily's pussy lips spread revealing both her and Brian's cum. Anna crawled on the bed and was going to lick Emily's pussy when she noticed some moisture on Emily's inner thigh.

Anna's tongue followed the line of cum that had dripped out of Emily's pussy. She liked Brian's cum, and it tastes great on Emily's salty skin. She cleaned up to Emily's pussy and ran her hand over Emily' other thigh looking for more moisture.

Emily jumped when Anna's tongue hit her clit. Anna moved down, lapping up Brian's cum. Emily said, "Come and kiss me." Anna left Brian's cum on her tongue as she moved up to kiss Emily. When Anna started to kiss Emily, Emily felt Brian's cum slid from Anna's mouth into her own. She loved Brian's cum and mixed with her own it tasted even better.

Emily felt Anna's finger slide into her pussy. Anna brought the wet finger up and inserted it between their lips. They both licked the cum off her finger. Anna continued to bring Brian's cum up for them to enjoy. When Anna's finger came back tasting like only Emily, they both giggled.

"Let me lick your pussy." Emily said.

"Don't threaten me with a good time." Anna said with a chuckle.

Anna laid down on the bed spreading her legs. Emily got close to her friend's pussy. She spread Anna's pussy seeing Anna's wetness. Emily felt herself getting wetter seeing how turned on her friend was. She moved in and licked Anna's wetness from her asshole up to her clit. "Mmm, you taste incredible today." Emily said between licks.

"Your tongue is amazing." Anna responded.

Emily stuck her tongue as far into Anna as she could. She brought Anna's wetness up to her clit. Emily circled Anna's clit with her tongue. Emily took her time bringing Anna to an orgasm. She had slid two fingers into Anna's pussy curling them up slightly. Anna instantly got wetter. Emily kept a steady rhythm with her tongue and fingers as she felt Anna's legs tense up. Anna cried out as she came. Emily kept licking Anna's pussy until Anna pushed her off.

"Okay, let me finish what I started on you." Anna said.

Emily and Anna swapped places. Anna noticed how much wetter Emily had gotten. She smiled knowing that her friend got aroused by getting her off. Anna copied what Emily did to her. It wasn't long before Emily was pushing Anna's head off her clit. Anna crawled up beside Emily and laid down. They were both relaxing, not feeling like they needed to say anything.

Emily woke up to the sound of a text on her phone. She slid out from beside Anna and grabbed her phone. Brian had sent her a text so that she had his number as well. Emily looked at Anna who had moved to a sitting position. "I gave Brian my name and number." Emily said.

"Really, I thought you were having fun keeping him in the dark?" Anna responded.

Emily nodded and said, "It was fun but when I gave him my number, I told him that he owed me a video of him watching our video while cumming."

"Well then I am glad I am here to see it." Anna said, adding, "We should see if Ryan can come over."

Again, Emily nodded, "I will text her."

Emily: Free tonight?

Ryan: After 8:00 I am, Sup?

Emily: I gave Brian my number, he is going to send a video tonight, wanna come watch?

Ryan: Yup, I will bring food.

Emily: Excellent, we will probably be naked, we are now.

Ryan: I don't believe you. 😉

Emily climbed onto the bed and took a selfie beside Anna. She sent the picture to Ryan.

Ryan: Hmm, topless doesn't mean naked.

Emily: You brat! If you want to see our pussies, you will have to come by.

Ryan: Fair enough, see you later.

"She'll be here." Emily said to Anna.

"Awesome. It's like we are having a viewing party." Anna said with a chuckle.

Emily decided to send Brian a quick text.

Emily: Send vid after 8:30, that way Ryan and Anna will both be here.

Brian: Okay

Emily sent Brian the topless selfie she had just sent to Ryan.

Brian: Holy shit! Thank you!

Emily: The vid better be lit!

Brian sent an eggplant emoji with some water emojis after it.

The afternoon and early evening passed quickly with a few orgasms getting them through the day. Shortly after 8:00 the doorbell rang. Emily bounced to the door. She swung the door open wide for Ryan. Ryan walked in with a couple bags of food. When she arrived in the living room, she smelled the air and said, "Smells like sex in here, you sluts!"

"I should hope so we've been cumming all day." Anna responded.

Emily and Anna opened the bags of food that Ryan brought. They enjoyed some fresh fish tacos with some side salads. When they were done eating Ryan said, "I would love to have a quick shower, if that is okay?"

"Of course, my house is your house." Emily responded.

Ryan quickly removed her clothes right there in the living room. Anna and Emily watched Ryan skip to the bathroom. They didn't have to wait long for her to emerge with her short hair being mostly dry already.

The three of them were sitting on the couch when Emily's phone lit up. Brian was starting a video chat. Emily accepted the incoming call. They all saw Brian's face and bare chest show up on the screen. In the small window the women could see themselves. Emily was holding her phone sideways so that Brian could see that all three women were topless.

Brian panned his phone down to show his erection. He then moved the phone to look at his computer. The video of Emily and Anna playing in the library was up. Brian cleared his throat, "I don't know what to look at now. The video is hot but three naked women is hard to beat."

"But easy to beat off to." Anna quipped.

Brian laughed, "Very true."

"We want to watch you watching the video and cumming." Emily said.

"Okay. I bought a phone stand so that my hands would be free. Let me set it up." Brian said.

They watched as the phone moved around before coming to a stop. They had an overview of the chair and computer. They watched as Brian sat down. He grabbed his erection and started stroking. The video was at the part where Anna and Emily had pulled their breasts out. They saw Emily cum on screen and as Anna was cumming Brian started to cum. His load flew all over his chest. He turned to face the camera and he had a string of cum hanging off his chin.

"Wow, he came hard enough to give himself a facial." Ryan commented.

"How quickly can you get here?" Emily asked.

"If you send me your address I will clean up and head right over." Brian responded.

Emily sent Brian a text with her address.

Emily set her phone down on the coffee table, she put a hand on the leg of each woman that were sitting on either side of her. She slowly moved her hands up higher and higher until she was cupping both of their hot pussies. She slid her middle finger into each of them enjoying how wet they were. She pulled her hands free looking at the wetness on the middle finger of each hand. She put both fingers in her mouth at the same time. She purred at the taste, "Wow, you guys taste amazing together!"

They took turns licking each other's pussies killing time. Emily was licking Ryan's pussy when the doorbell rang. Anna rushed to the door to see a smiling Brian standing there. He looked Anna's naked body up and down before stepping through the threshold. Anna started walking back to the living room. Brian closed the door and followed Anna. He stopped in his steps when he saw Emily licking the small fit girl's pussy.

Anna spoke up, "Since Emily decided to tell you her name, my name is Anna and Ryan is currently getting her pussy licked."

"Thank you for inviting me over." Brian said, adjusting his erection.

"You're getting hard already? You have more in the tank after the show you put on earlier?" Anna asked teasingly.

"Uhm, I am ready to go." Brian said not knowing where to look. Anna's amazing body was right beside her but watching Emily lick Ryan's pussy was hypnotizing.

"You better remove your clothes then." Anna said, snapping him back to reality.

Anna watched as Brian pulled off his t-shirt, jeans, and underwear. He stood there with his erection poking out in front.

Anna grabbed his cock and pulled him towards the couch saying, "Your cum tasted incredible when I ate it out of Emily's pussy earlier." Anna felt Brian's cock pulse when she said that, adding, "Don't you cum yet."

"I'm okay, it's just what you said might have been the most erotic thing I have ever heard." Brian confessed.

Anna walked to the couch and sat down spreading her legs. Brian got on his knees quickly looking at Emily's tongue dancing over Ryan's pussy before he started to lick Anna's delicious pussy. Anna moaned as Brian's tongue explored her pussy. Anna leaned over and started kissing Ryan. Emily noticed this out of the corner of her eye. She stopped licking Ryan's pussy and moved over to Anna. She got beside Brian as they both licked Anna's clit.

Emily stopped and moved back over to Ryan motioning for Brian follow her. They both licked Ryan's pussy for a bit before Brian moved back to Anna's pussy. Brian was enjoying Anna's pussy when he heard her say, "Swap."

Emily and Brian stood up as Ryan and Anna got off the couch. Emily and Brian sat down beside each other. Ryan got between Emily's legs as Anna grabbed a hold of Brian's dick. She saw a bead of pre-cum appear. She quickly moved down and licked it off the head of Brian's dick not wanting it to go to waste. Anna wrapped her lips around Brian's dick and slowly lowered her mouth down his shaft until her nose was touching his flat belly.

Ryan was moving her tongue in and out of Emily enjoying how wet Emily was. She moved up a bit to lick Emily's clit. Emily and Brian started kissing while they were getting oral. Brian broke off the kiss saying, "Whoa, give me a second." Anna removed her mouth from Brian's dick with a pop. She moved down and started to suck on his balls.

Emily said to Brian, "She's very good with her mouth, isn't she?"

"That she is. A few more seconds and I would have cum." Brian admitted.

Anna released Brian's ball and said, "I wouldn't have minded if you had cum in my mouth. You have very tasty cum."

Brian blushed and said, "Thanks I try to eat clean with lots of fruit."

"Well, whatever you are doing, it is working." Anna said, wrapping her lips around Brian's dick again.

Brian leaned his head back on the couch as Anna's tongue moved over his dick. Suddenly Anna released his dick and stood up. She turned around and lowered her pussy on his cock. She felt him pulse inside of her, but he didn't cum. She started bouncing on Brian's lap. Anna leaned back while lifting her legs up. She put a foot on each of Brian's knees. He supported her back as she lifted herself up a bit and continued to slide up and down his pole.

Ryan noticed this and stopped licking Emily's pussy. She moved between Anna and Brian's legs. She licked Brian's balls now covered in Anna's pussy juices. She moved up and licked Brian's shaft as it slid in and out of Anna's pussy. Ryan's tongue would often be on both Brian and Anna as they continued to fuck. Ryan felt motion behind her and realized that Emily was laying on the ground. Ryan looked down to see Emily's head slide between her legs.

Emily reached up and started licking Ryan's pussy while Ryan was licking Brian's dick and Anna's pussy. Anna moved up a little too high and Brian's cock popped out of her pussy. Ryan quickly grabbed it and wrapped her lips around it. Anna scolded her, "You give that dick back to me."

Ryan laughed and guided Brian's dick back into Anna as Anna resumed her bouncing. Brian held Anna's hips steady and said, "I am really close to cumming. You ladies need to decide if you want me to cum now or wait because if you want me to wait, you're going to have to let me take a break."

Anna put her feet down on the floor and felt Brian's cock slide out of her as she stood up, "None of us have cum yet, you cum last tonight." She said with a wicked grin.

Brian was about to get off the couch when Ryan said, "Wait, you're covered in Anna's juices, let me clean that off you. Just let me know if you get too close."

Brian watched as Ryan licked his shaft from his balls to the head of his cock. When Ryan got to the top of his dick, he had an involuntary spasm. He watched as a large bead of pre-cum appeared. Ryan quickly licked that up. She looked like she was enjoying cleaning his dick.

"There, all clean." Ryan declared.

Anna spoke up, "Let's move to the bedroom."

Ryan got off Emily's face and helped Emily get to her feet. Ryan kissed Emily saying, "Mmm, you taste good."

They all laughed as they made their way to the bedroom. Emily and Ryan laid down on the bed. Brian got between Emily's legs and Anna got between Ryan's. Brian watched what Anna was doing. He saw her slide a couple of fingers palm up into Ryan's pussy before putting her tongue on Ryan's clit. He followed suit. He couldn't believe how wet Emily was. It wasn't until Brian stuck his fingers in his mouth coated in Emily's cum that he remembered that he came in her earlier. This was all so erotic that he didn't care. He slid his fingers back inside of Emily and focused his attention on her clit.

Anna could feel Ryan getting wetter and knew that with how horny Ryan was she would most likely squirt when she came. She looked forward to it. She loved making women squirt. Anna pumped her fingers into Ryan's wet pussy while licking her clit. She looked over to see Brian looking at his fingers before tasting Emily's cum. Anna smiled and doubled down on making Ryan cum. Anna felt Ryan fingers in her hair pulling her tighter to her pussy. Ryan cried out as a gush of cum escaped her.

Emily watched Brian lick her cum off his fingers and felt him slid his fingers back inside of her. His tongue on her clit was extraordinary! She was enjoying the slow build of her orgasm when Ryan came beside her. Hearing Ryan cum brought her own orgasm to a head. She screamed out as waves of pleasure ran through her. When both women were done cumming Anna spoke up, "How do you ladies feel about having Brian cum in me and you two make me cum cleaning it up after?"

Ryan and Emily looked at each other and smiled. They looked at Brian, he had a huge grin on his face. Emily and Ryan moved to let Anna lay down. She spread her legs for Brian as he got on his knees between her legs. He got closer and moved his cock up and down her wet slit. His dick slid easily into her. While Brian was slamming into Anna, he was able to reach down and play with her clit with his thumb. He watched as Emily and Ryan each latched onto Anna's nipples.

Brian pumped into Anna for less time than he would have liked but he was too close to cumming when he started. He groaned and shot his load into her. He moved out from between Anna's legs and laid down on the bed. Emily was watching Brian's cum coated cock bounce around as he moved. She noticed a bead of cum at the tip of his dick. As Ryan crawled between Anna's legs Emily moved between Brian's. She began to lick his cock covered in his and Anna's cum.

Emily loved how the mixture of Brian and Anna's cum tasted. She gave his dick a couple of licks before wrapping her lips around it. She was expecting his dick to go soft, but he remained hard, so Emily kept blowing him while Ryan was busy between Anna's legs.

Ryan attacked Anna's pussy. She dove her tongue as deep as it would reach deep into Anna's cum covered pussy. She extracted as much of Brian's cum as she could reach. When she thought she had gotten all of Brian's cum from Anna's pussy she moved up to Anna's clit and started off sucking on it. Anna moaned as Ryan's tongue teased her clit. Anna was so worked up that she started cumming not long after Ryan started to lick her clit.

Meanwhile Emily kept blowing Brian. She was soon rewarded with a small cumshot. She quickly swallowed his small load looking up at him. Brian had a bewildered look on his face. When Emily released his dick he said, "I've never cum twice with the same erection before."

"I am glad I could help out with that." Emily said with a smile.
