TRACY'S PUNISHMENT

BY CORNER GHOST

Part 4

Tracy was first told that she was being punished for
transgressions within the school, but now she had found out that
she is being made into a commodity for her school to earn money,
she is the first of the schools pupils being offered out for sex,
after being 'prepared' by having the rest of the school punishing
her and getting gradually intimate as the age of the class
increased she was told the truth by her father and then moved to
her first 'Client'.

After having Randolph Hargreaves trying to have his way with her
- only managing with his fingers as his bulk was too much - she
was removed by the Caretaker and taken to the other Governors,
she was ushered into the room where they waited.

-----

Tracy was aware that she was fully naked in front of these men,
her limbs were free but she found that she was surrounded by
them; the elderly leader regarded her with an almost kindly
expression on his face.

"Well young Tracy, you now know what your punishment is!" He
said.

Tracy shook her head, "I'm not being punished, you just wanted
..." She thought for the word and then remembered what Clarissa's
father had called her, " a slut to use for the school!" She
said.

Unexpectedly the leader laughed, "Quite right Tracy! As your
father told you this school needs funds, and there is nothing we
can sell to provide them. We can't sell the land as it's held in
trust, the building itself is listed - which means that we cannot
sell part of it - and anyway we're too attached to the building
to do that, the only thing we have is the children inside the
school." He said.

"But why me first?" She asked.

Her father went to speak but another man spoke up first. "You
were an obvious choice, your father is rather high up in the
school and it would show the other parents that we are prepared
to do to our children what we want them to do with theirs, the
fact that you have become rather obnoxious as well helped us with
the class punishments."

The leader cleared his throat, "Indeed, but it does give us a
problem. You see you have been ... purchased by the school as
well for the sex education classes, along with another girl." he
said.

Tracy shook her head, "Not Clarissa, she's too shy to do it, she
won't even undress for P.E. until everyone else has gone out of
the changing room." She said.

The leader looked surprised and then picked up a telephone, "Mrs.
Hanson? We are thinking about the project, Clarissa Hargreaves,
what is her potential?" He said and listened to the answer, "I
see, what about a partner? ... Hmm ... well think of something
will you? Thank you." And he hung up. He turned to Tracy, "It
seems your assumption was correct, may I ask why you're so
interested in this now?" He asked her.

Tracy was stumped, why was she behaving like this? "I ... I don't
think its right, not Clarissa." She said.

The leader rubbed his chin reflectively, "Strange? You were
supposed to be so hard and callous! Perhaps the punishment was
right after all, it seems to have touched on your true side, not
the facade that you'd erected." he said.

"My what?" Tracy asked not understanding what he meant.

He waved her question to one side, "No matter! Now you've
interacted with your classmates, although you were restrained and
unable to do anything about it, you've had a one-on-one session
with your first client, which has given us enough material to
use, should we need to..." There were a number of stifled laughs
at that, "The only thing you've not done yet is a multiple
session, so we've decided to rectify that right now." He
finished.

Tracy didn't even think before her legs took over, she dodged the
leader and was running to the door when a hand grabbed her, she
looked into her father's eyes, "Tracy?" he said simply and all
fight left her.

"Sorry daddy, it's just ... I don't know." She said.

He gave a small smile, "I know, you're expected to run and so you
did, I understand. Now behave yourself and let the governors tie
you up." he said gently drawing her into the circle again.

The leader shook his head as she was returned, "Child that was
stupid! You were told that you belong to us now!" He said
expecting her to answer.

Tracy looked down, "You can't do that, I'll tell the police!" She
said defiantly.

"And I'm sure Sergeant Wallis here would be happy to listen to
you." The leader gestured to another man dressed in a robe he
nodded to her, "but as you see he's already aware of this." The
leader finished and then watched as Tracy's arms were tied
together at the elbows and then at her wrists, her legs were
surprising left untied.

Without further words Tracy found herself being held by the men
surrounding her, she was gently tipped back and then lifted her
up so that she was now on her back. The leader now took off his
robe, he was naked underneath it, and walked towards her feet,
she allowed her legs to be opened up so that he now had access to
her pussy. He touched the labia lips and gently stroked them. "So
red and wanting, it's a pity that Randolph wasn't as well endowed
as he thought, but he's opened the way for us." He said.

Tracy tried to look along her body to where the leader was
standing but then her head was tipped back and she was looking at
the underside of a cock. "Now Tracy, open your mouth and with
your head like that you'll find things are quite simple." A voice
she recognised but couldn't place said to her. She tried to
refuse but a small voice inside her said 'why bother, they'll
only make you!' and so she opened her mouth.

"That's good Tracy, if you behave yourself we might release your
arms later." The leader said as he watched her swallow the
proffered cock. He waited until the man's balls were against her
nose and then pushed his own cock deep into her pussy.

Tracy pulled back and arched her back in an attempt to escape
from the leader's cock, not because she didn't want this - she
had accepted her fate now - but because of the pain of the
stretching of her vaginal canal by the leader's cock.

He paused for a few moment, while she managed to get used to the
size of the cock inside her and then he began pushing in and out
of the girl, his push up forcing more of the cock into her mouth
and then she would be pulled back, then the men holding her
started moving their arms back and forth allowing the two men to
stand still while she was impaled fore and aft.

It wasn't too long before the leader and the second man blew
their loads into her respective orifices but Tracy wasn't allowed
any respite, she was held firm as another pair of men took their
positions. In this way she was used by all the men in her mouth
and pussy.

There was a fifteen minute break while Tracy's father released
her from the bonds and gently bathed her, cleaning her up so that
she didn't look so used! If fact Tracy felt relaxed completely.
She didn't have to do anything! the men using her did it all! So
it was all out of her hands ... well she wasn't able to use her
hands just yet.

-----

There was a knock on the door and Matron entered with a crying
naked girl. The girl was Clarissa. The group looked shocked as
they entered. The leader, still undressed, walked up to the pair.
"What is this Matron? Clarissa wasn't scheduled to appear before
us until next week!" He said which didn't even register with
Clarissa as she just stood there unmoving.

Tracy walked up to Clarissa and looked at the girl. Her body was
marked by bruises and her pussy had pink and red stains on it.
She gently took the girl from Matron and walked her to the same
bowl from which she had just been washed. She overheard what
Matron was saying.

"...He just went in to the class and pulled Clarissa out of her
chair. He was like a mad-man. By the time Mark got to him, he'd
already pushed his finger into poor Clarissa's cunt! The poor
girl was absolutely out of it!" She said.

The leader looked at the group. "He has taken his daughter's
virginity and so has voided the contract! Stuart if you will do
your duty. We have the film and evidence you need. Stuart,
Sergeant Wallis, nodded his head, put on his robe and walked out
of the room.

The leader looked around the room, "Well gentlemen, I think we
have a problem here. Young Clarissa isn't in any state to join
Tracy in our fun, and I don't think Clarissa will want to see our
last round with Tracy. And anyway Stuart isn't here as he's going
to arrest Randolph for his attack on his daughter so I..." He
said.

"Nooooo! Don't lock my daddy away! It was my fault!" Clarissa
said crying.

The leader turned around, "How can you say that?" He asked.

"Daddy told me, it was the way I was dressed that made him do it!
If I wasn't wearing it then he wouldn't have done it!" She said.

The leader shook his head, "But you were wearing your school
uniform! How could that be your fault? I'm sorry my dear but he
did this himself. The law will have to..." He started, Tracy was
wonder what the Law would say about how the school was treating
her but Clarissa had interrupted them both.

"I'll do anything if you don't lock him up!" She said gulping
away. she had only just noticed how the governors were dressed
and was looking at their erect cocks bobbing in front of her. She
knew what they were and was frightened of them, but she didn't
want to show it!

"Clarissa don't! You don't know what you're saying!" Tracy said
holding onto Clarissa's shoulders. She turned to the group of
men. "Please, she's had too much happen to her just now, she
doesn't realise what she's doing! Don't let her!" She said.

The leader patted Tracy on her head in a gentle, kindly, way. "We
know Tracy! But Miss Clarissa is offering this of her own
accord." He said and then he addressed Clarissa. "Child, your
father has assaulted you. Is this the life you want? To have men
use your body for their pleasure? To be unable to tell them no,
no matter what it is they want from you?" He asked her.

"Clarissa say no! Please say no!" Tracy said pleading with the
girl.

Clarissa turned to her, tears in her eyes. "Tracy, I helped in
the hall to punish you, I know what they mean to do. Daddy's
already ruined me so what does it matter anymore!" She said
crying away now.

Tracy's father then stepped forward. "Clarissa, if you stay with
your father he may hurt you and could even kill you. You wouldn't
be safe with him." He said softly.

"But I don't want him to go to prison." Clarissa said. "I'd do
anything to keep him out!" She said.

"Gentlemen, a conference!" The leader said to the group. They all
moved away from the two girls and began a whispered conversation.

Tracy turned to Clarissa, "You don't know what they want!" She
said. "They've all pushed their cocks into me, I had to suck them
all off while they were pushing their cocks into my front!
They're just about to do the same with my bottom! Is this what
you want to do?" She asked.

Clarissa shook her head, "You don't understand. For the past
three years Dad's been watching movies on his computer. He's made
me watch some of them! I know what men do to girls! I just didn't
think he'd want to do it to me! I hate what he's become! But he's
still my dad; I've still got to try to help him! If this is what
it takes then I'll do it!" She said.

"So gentlemen we are agreed? Good!" The leader turned to Matron.
"If you will dress Clarissa, Donald will be taking her home."
Tracy's father stood forward.

"Clarissa you will be staying with me while we talk to your
father." He said. Clarissa nodded her head.

The leader spoke. "If you still want to protect your father
you'll have to join Tracy in her punishments, for that you'll
have to be naughty in class and deserve punishment. Do you
understand?" He said to her, again she nodded.

Tracy just looked at the young girl, seeing the fear in her eyes.
She reached over and hugged Clarissa. "I'll be with you Clarissa,
you won't be alone!" She said. The leader looked at the two
girls, feeling his cock start to rise, the Matron was going to
pull Clarissa away but then he stopped her. "No Matron! Miss
Clarissa has chosen to do this so please leave her with us." He
said.

The Matron nodded, "Shall I arrange for another punishment
session next week?" She asked.

The leader nodded. "Yes, let's make it the last period next
Friday. Miss Clarissa should be recovered by then." He noticed
how Tracy was watching him and added. "And Miss Tracy will be
helping Miss Clarissa, holding her hand and encouraging her. This
will be allowed." He said. The Matron nodded and left the room.

"Now Miss Clarissa, you will need to prove to us that you want to
do this. We want to enjoy Miss Tracy's bottom and as you can see
she's not allowed to say no to us, but some of us will need a bit
of encouragement to keep ... ready." He paused to smile at
Clarissa, "Miss Tracy will show you how to do this, but you
cannot allow anyone to spend in your mouth or hands! That is for
Miss Tracy's bottom alone!" He added.

Clarissa nodded, "I know, I've seen films of girls doing this ...
but Sir? I don't want to have to do any animals!" She said
awkwardly.

At first the leader's face frowned and then he nodded, "Some of
the gentlemen you will be with could be called animals! But very
well no animals. In this task Miss Clarissa you will be the
'fluffer' that is you will either suck or rub the cock of the
gentleman waiting to attend to Miss Tracy's bottom, they may
touch you and you will allow them to! You are very pretty you
know and so it's going to be hardfor us to keep our hands off
you." He added with a smile.

Clarissa nodded her head and kept her eyes down. Tracy was taken
to a large armchair where she was draped over the arm. The leader
gently spoke to Tracy.

"Do you want us to tie you down?" He asked her.

Tracy looked to where Clarissa was watching her with wide opened
eyes and then she shook her head. "No, Sir. I'll stay where I
am!" She said.

The leader looked to follow her eye-line. "I see, this is very
good of you Tracy. I'll ensure that your punishment is reduced
for this, but you'll have to help Clarissa when she needs it." He
said. He moved away from Tracy. "Miss Tracy has elected not to be
tied down, for this I will recommend that we use some form of
lubricant when using her bottom. I will be displeased if this is
not followed." He added looking at the group.

There was not dissent and Tracy heard whisperings behind her. And
then a gentle hand, smaller than the men's around her, was
rubbing something onto her bottom and then a small finger was
being pushed inside her. "Thank you Clarissa." Tracy said and
felt a kiss on her bottom before she felt a pair of strong hands
that were holding onto her hips.

She relaxed herself to allow the entry of the shaft into her
bottom. She couldn't help but gasp out as the blunt head of the
leader's cock was insinuating itself along her anal tract and
then she felt the leader's body touching her bottom and knew she
had taken all of him. "That's good Tracy. Now I'm going to move
out and when I push back in you will push against me. I want to
feel you helping me to fuck your ass!" The leader said to her as
he moved his hands from her hips to her flat chest. He was
pulling on the forming tits that he could trace out on her body.

-----

Tracy tried to help as much as she could, she turned her head
slightly to see Clarissa sucking on her father's cock and knew
that his was the next one she would be feeling in her stomach,
for some reason it didn't disturb her, she realised that she was
now a plaything for anyone in the school to use as they wanted,
and deep inside her she felt happy. She knew she was wanted and
would keep on trying to prove herself!

Clarissa was looking up at the man with whom she was going to be
staying until her father improved - she didn't know that her
father had already felt remorse over what he did to his daughter
and was lying in a pool of blood, he had slit his wrists.
Sergeant Wallis was the first to find him. A note near the body
told how he had attacked his daughter and that he didn't deserve
to live.

The leader finished spewing his roe inside the colon of the young
girl and slowly pulled out of Tracy's ass, a small dribble of
sperm made its way as if following its source. Tracy's father
noticed this and pointed it out to Clarissa. The young girl
immediately moved away from his cock and started licking up the
mixture from Tracy's bottom, before adding more lubricant and
then setting herself ready to excite the next man in line.

The leader wiped clean his cock and then sat down in the arm
chair. Tracy's head was now in his lap. Without being prompted
she saw the cock in front of her and engulfed it with her mouth.
Then she got into a rhythm, pushing back with her ass and then
moving forward to swallow the cock in her mouth. The leader
looked up to where Donald was watching her and smiled.

Sergeant Wallis returned to the room and spoke softly to the
leader who looked over to where Clarissa was sucking on the last
person in line. He nodded. It wasn't the right time to let
Clarissa know of her father's death. That could be kept until she
was more relaxed. "Clarissa, your father is very sorry for what
he's done and wants you to remain with us while he thinks about
it" The leader said. Clarissa didn't reply as she had her mouth
full at that time!

-----

Tracy was almost asleep as the last man spurted inside her ass,
the whole day had tired her out and so she didn't notice as her
father picked her up and took her back to his room. Clarissa
watched as he filled up a bath with warm water and started to get
into it with Tracy. She spoke up. "Mr. Anders, why are you doing
that?" She asked him.

"Call me Uncle Donald, Clarissa." He said and smiled at the young
naked girl, "Tracy can't wash herself and so I'm doing it for
her." He said and started soaping up his hand. Clarissa watched
as Donald Anders gently washed his daughter being extra careful
while attending to her pussy and bottom. He finished bathing his
daughter and lifted her out of the bath as he stood up, he looked
around and found that Clarissa was holding a towel for Tracy. He
took it and wrapped it around his daughter before placing her on
the toilet before he started to dry himself.

He looked at Clarissa and saw something in his eyes, "What is it
Clarissa?" He asked her.

Clarissa looked away and mumbled something. Donald walked up to
her and gently took her shoulders. "Tell me." He said.

"You'd just laugh!" Clarissa said.

Donald did smile, not at her words but at her face. "Clarissa,
you're going to be doing something that you didn't ever think
you'd be doing. I'm going to have to look after you and act like
your father. So what is it?" He said.

"I've always wanted to have a bath with my father ... before he
started to be nasty ... and he never did!" She said and she
started to cry. Then she gave a small gasp as Donald lifted her
up and stepped into the bath, which was still warm. She leaned
back into his arms as he gently washed the girl. He took gentle
care washing her small pussy and took great delight in rubbing
her small clit, bringing her to her first orgasm by a man.

She was almost asleep as Donald got up and lifted her from the
bath. He wrapped her in a towel and placed her on the floor. He
looked around for another towel but couldn't find one; he was
about to phone up when the Matron entered with Clarissa clothes
and also two more towels. He knew his sessions with the girls had
been filmed; all the room had cameras in them. This achieved two
things. The school could produce high quality films of the girl's
adventures, and also it gave the school blackmail material just
in case somebody tried to cause problems.

Donald already had been filmed when he cleaned Tracy the first
time and so his confession to his daughter was recorded, then as
he helped sodomise his daughter and had Clarissa keep his cock
hard, and now as he had bathed both girls. He didn't mind, he'd
already asked for a copy of the film to show his wife. She was
going to be surprised when he returned with not one, but two
girls to be trained in their new trade.

The End of Tracy's punishment.

