Story Codes: inc MF panties cum FF

   NOTE THE FIRST STORY CODE.  This story series revolves around consensual
sex between adult members of the same family.  If that bothers you, you
should stop reading now. This particular story involves lesbian sex. Same as before if that bothers you.

   Language notes: Occasionally I use Korean words here where I feel it
captures the feelings better.  Here are the translations for words used in
this story.  Oppa: Older brother Jal ga!: Bye!  Pyeontae: Pervert

Minjun settled into his seat and laid his bag across his lap. Three weeks ago, he'd missed this bus... and it had been the best worst thing that ever happened to him. That was also the last night he'd slept alone, the last morning he'd stolen Jieun's panties, and the last day he'd needed to run to the bathroom to jack off between classes. For three weeks now, Jieun (his sister), had moved into his bedroom and his dick had moved into her. They fucked in his bed. They fucked in her bed. They fucked on the kitchen counter. They fucked on the table, and all 4 chairs in their apartment. Last weekend, had fucked in 3 different DVD Bangs near their house. This weekend, Jieun wanted to lock themselves in a love motel and see how many times she could make him cum in 72 hours. He felt a conflicted mess of eagerness, trepidation, and guilt when he thought ahead to the debauchery to come, but was it really any different than what he'd done just 15 minutes ago?

---

Jieun sat on her bed, admiring the slowing drying lines of cum that ran down from her firm breasts to soak the pink waistband of her panties. She looked from her stomach to her reflection in the mirror and back, unable to decide which view she liked better. With a sigh, she picked up herself up and stripped the panties off, wiping delicately at the cum left on her belly before laying them next to the other clothes she'd picked out for the day. Then, she walked to the bathroom for her shower. She smiled as she thought forward to the upcoming 4 day weekend. From 9AM Friday to Monday, they would be locked away in a Love Motel. She was going shopping this afternoon at her favorite lingerie store for a special surprise for the weekend, she'd picked them out yesterday on her way to a study session with her new language exchange partner, Victoria. But she hadn't bought them because she didn't want to try explaining them to her. Today's session was much earlier, though, so she'd have time to hide them before Minjun got home. Wouldn't do for him to spoil the surprise, after all.

---

Victoria sat at the bus stop waiting for Jieun, her mocha complexion a stark contrast to the dollish whiteness preferred by most Koreans. Victoria didn't have the patience for that much makeup, and wouldn't have liked it anyway. That was part of why she liked Jieun, who didn't try for a ghost white complexion. The other reason, she hoped to confirm tonight. 

She looked down the street and saw the bus stopped at the traffic light. She adjusted her grapefruit sized breasts, another contrast between her and her surroundings, and waited as patiently as she could. The last 2 weeks had been hard to set up, but after last week she knew she had something. Now all that remained was the final steps. 

The door slid open as the bus came to a stop, and Jieun stepped off the bus. They hugged and Victoria smiled.

----

"So, what do you want to talk about today?" Jieun asked as she carefully took off her shoes in the door.

"Well, I have some questions about Korea I was hoping you could answer." Victoria said, adjusting her computer.

Jieun smiled, "Sure, but only if you'll answer a few questions about Brazil while you're at it." She sat beside Victoria and her face screwed up as she saw a web browser with a warning message splayed across the screen stating the page had been blocked.

"I was trying to get on this website, but it won't work." She said smiling. "Should I call this number?" She pointed at the only telephone number on the page, used to report a page blocked in error.

"It depends, some sites are blocked on purpose. Where are you trying to go?" Victoria pressed the back button, bringing up a Google Search. Jieun's face flushed as she read the search term: "threesome cum swapping" Victoria pushed ahead, clicking the "Images" tab. "I can do an image search," she scrolled up and down the images of sloppy, cum-filled kisses and clicked on one, "but if I click on it, I get the same page." The warning page popped up again.

"Well..." Jieun stammered, unsure what to say. The erotic images, coupled with her day-long fantasizing about the weekend, were arousing her. Victoria seemed completely unaware that this could have that effect. "That kind of... stuff is usually, umm... usually blocked here." The words came haltingly.

"Really?" Victoria clicked the back button and went to the search bar. "So I should try something else?" Her fingers flew across the page and Jieun's blush deepened as pictures of girls on their knees, surrounded by naked men and covered in cum filled the page. Victoria clicked through an image to the same warning page, then looked back at Jieun.

"No..." She stammered even more. "No... I'm pretty sure all of that is blocked."

"All porn is blocked here?" Victoria hit the back button, leaving the page full of bukkake photos up. Jieun nodded, trying not to look at the images covering the screen. She hadn't thought that porn like this existed, but the thought of those girls being drenched in cum was incredibly arousing for Jieun. "Then what do you do if you are feeling horny and there isn't anybody you can sleep with?" She asked.

"We, umm.... We have porn. They just... filter it."

"Yeah, I went a Korean site," She opened a folder on her desktop to what looked like hundreds of downloaded movies. "But they're all pretty boring sex and they blur out the best parts." At this point she paused, noticing for apparently the first time, Jieun's discomfort. "Oh, I'm sorry. We're really open about sex in Brazil. Does sex make you uncomfortable?" 

"No..." Jieun said timidly, "It's just..."

"Oh, you've..." Victoria lowered her voice for effect. "Are you a virgin?"

"No!" Jieun insisted, then flushed as she worried her insistence may reveal just who she was fucking. "I mean. I've had sex before." She tried, very unsuccessfully, to play it off casually.

"Oh, good." Victoria feigned relief, "As beautiful as you are, you have no excuse being a virgin. You can get laid pretty much any time, any place." Jieun blushed at the compliment. "So, what's you're favorite position?"

Jieun flushed the deepest red she'd ever turned. "I..." She couldn't get an answer out and Victoria happily jumped into the silence.

"I love doggie style if it's just one guy. But my favorite is bukkake." She gestured to the screen. "Though, it's best if there are two girls so you have someone to play with in the cum after they finish." Jieun noticed that Victoria's hand came to rest against her inner thigh, holding her short skirt just right for Jieun to see a sliver of the forest-green crotch of her panties. Jieun was suddenly conscious of her own hands, thankful she'd not exposed herself like Victoria but embarrassed to realize they were cupping her breasts. She also realized she had shifted unconsciously in the chair trying to grind against the edge of the seat.

Victoria's look snapped her to present and she realized she'd missed a question. Rather than guess, she asked her own. "Do you do that often in Brazil?" 

Jieun was too horny to notice Victoria's sly look as she answered, "As often as I can." She locked eyes with Jieun. "A girl has needs." Jieun's head bobbed in time to Victoria's slight nods. "Have you ever let a bunch of guys cum all over you, Jieun?"

Jieun shook her head as heat washed over her. A small part of Jieun's mind, it felt like the last sane part of her, wondered how crazy this girl must be. The same part fought, valiantly but futilely, to maintain composure as she became aware of a hand gently pushing her skirt aside to reach her dripping pussy. She looked down to see Victoria's hand was steadily sliding across the deep green fabric covering her own pussy and realized with remarkable calm that it had to be her hand flicking across the soggy pink and white fabric.

"You should try it, Jieun." Victoria shifted closer in her chair. "There's nothing like letting a dozen guys unload all over you. The wet, sticky jizz soaking into your skin." She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "Into your hair." Jieun leaned in to hear the last, whispered phrase. "Into your soaking wet panties." Jieun shuddered at the picture. "Let's do it. Tonight. If we head over by the army base south of the city, I'll guarantee we can get totally covered in cum."

"I can't, I'm sleeping..." Jieun caught just short of incriminating herself and changed tack. "I have a boyfriend."

Victoria smiled, "Even better." She turned to face Jieun and brazenly spread her legs, making no more pretenses about her fingers flying across her pussy. "Let's call him, I'm sure he can find a few friends to join in."

What is happening? Jieun thought desperately, trying to see a way out. She had to get up, but instead she just matched Victoria's lewd pose and stroking. She watched as the deep green panties turned dark and wet to match the rich chocolate thighs they slipped between. She could see that Victoria was enjoying the same show playing out between the darkening wetness of the pink and the slippery translucence of the white. She had to answer, had to tell her something that would put an end to this boyfriend story or she'd give something up. But what could she say.

"I don't think he'd..." Jieun froze as Victoria's slick finger pressed against her lips, the contact holding her so fast that even her fingers froze on her clit.

"He will. But we'll work up to it." She said in a conspiratorial voice. "Call him now and tell him to pick a hotel to meet at in 20 minutes. He won't turn down the chance to watch us take turns sucking his fresh, hot loads out of each other's pussies. By the end of the weekend, we'll have to beg him to stop calling guys in to cum on our faces." Victoria saw the flash of fear in Jieun's eyes, knowing she was about to agree to it. And that would ruin the plan. She broke contact and turned to the computer. "Don't worry, I've got a better idea." She angled the monitor down to the perfect angle and opened her webcam. Before Jieun could say anything, Victoria swept her off the chair and onto the bed. "We'll show him what he's missing." The hot whisper in her ear sent a shock of electricity through her body, followed by another as Victoria's tongue danced down her neck and then up her chin, finishing in a kiss. 

Fuck! The sliver of neurons still firing rationally screamed at Jieun to resist even as she felt her tongue part her lips to tangle with Victoria's. Her hands were wrapped around Victoria, one pressing their bodies together while the other tried to pull the dark flap of skirt up to grope at the other girl's ass. In what she knew was no accident, Victoria's hand had landed at the top of her slit, her cream skirt bunched out of the way under the palm while a slender finger lay atop the thin fabric covering her sex. Thoughts fired through her head in time to the twists of the finger pushing the fabric down into her slit.

She'll see Minjun's cum if she looks at my underwear!
She's almost as good at kissing as Minjun.
How can I explain this to Minjun!
She's wearing a thong! God, her ass is sexy.
I'm not a lesbian, what's happening?!
She going to make me cum with just her finger!

A guttural groan rose in her throat as the tide of horniness, stimulation, and Victoria's mind games rose in a mind-shattering orgasm, and she spasmed uncontrollably beneath the sexy Brazilian. A blinding light washed over her and, just as it started to fade, Victoria hooked her finger under Jieun's panties and the electricity of hot skin sliding across her wet clit sent her back to heaven. This time, Victoria lifted herself slightly and plunged two fingers into Jieun's mouth to stifle the ecstatic cries. The light washed out again and, just as she took a ragged breath to recover, Victoria slipped her finger down and into Jieun's wet hole. The room went dark for Jieun as her whole body seemed to fold into her own vagina, drawn in by the steady rub of Victoria's finger against her G-spot. 

The pleasurable blackness enveloped her for what felt like forever until slowly light returned to the room. She opened her eyes to see Victoria sitting in the chair beside her head. Her legs were splayed wide to display the black base of a dildo tucked firmly inside her pink folds. "Ugggghhh" The animal sound escaped from Victoria as she slipped the long black dildo from her pussy. Jieun looked at the impossibly long phallus that had just come out of Victoria's cunt.

"I'd offer you a ride," Victoria said waving the giant cock in front of her, "But it's almost 6 and you said you had some shopping to do before you went home." 

"Shit!" Minjun would now beat her home, she wouldn't have time to buy the panties. She sat up on something cold, which made her jump out of the bed.

"Yeah, you're going to have to change, sweetie. You can't go out like that." Jieun looked down to see the cold had been a giant wet spot on the bed. She realized the back of her cream skirt looked like she had sat in a puddle.

"Oh my God!" Jieun gasped.

"It's ok, it happens to me all the time. We're not quite the same size, but these pants have an elastic band so they won't look too bad." She held up a pair of billowing black pants with elastic bands at the ankles and waists to taper them back to the body.

Jieun took them sheepishly. "That's never happened before." She said, looking for a private place in the small dorm room.

"Sorry, dear. Communal bathrooms. You'll have to change here. No need to be shy, sweetie. I showed you mine." She pointed with the dildo back towards her sopping cunt.

Jieun was running out of time. She turned her back to the Brazilian and quickly stripped out of her skirt. She paused, looking at her panties. They were completely soaked except for a small strip at the front, which plainly showed the yellowish trails where Minjun's cum from this morning had dried. She couldn't take leave them here, there's no telling what this girl would do if she realized Jieun had come to their class wearing cummed on panties. But the only way to bring them with her was to wear them, and that would make these the wettest panties she'd ever worn. Had she peed in them?

"You can leave them here. I'll give them back the next time I see you. Nobody will know you're going commando." Jieun looked over her shoulder at Victoria just in time to see a glint in her eye. "Or wear them. I don't mind if you get my pants a little dirty."

---

Victoria waved as Jieun's taxi pulled away. She'd slipped her the USB with two videos on it so she could show her 'boyfriend'. Now, it's time to go check on those cute little panties she'd left behind. She had a feeling that wasn't the first time those panties had gotten a bit dirty today. She shuddered as she thumbed the remote on the small vibrator she'd slipped into her pussy while Jieun had been changing. She had a feeling it was going to be an interesting night...

---

Jieun looked down at the USB key held in her lap. The smooth fabric of Victoria's pants felt cool against her ass, still damp from the puddle she'd been in. Victoria had assured her it was just "girl cum", but she'd never cum like that before. Minjun had already messaged her to say he was home, fortunately it wasn't an incriminating message, but that meant she couldn't hide that she was wearing someone else's pants and no panties from him. She'd have to explain it to him, and Jieun had no idea how that was going to go. "At least it was a girl and not a guy." she thought to herself as the taxi turned onto the highway. It was going to be a long night.


--------
Send feedback to siswriter@email.com