Title: Christi's Cunt
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: The story of a woman's busy and adventuresome sex life from mid-teens to the present as narrated by her second husband. (fMm+, FMm+, inc, preg)
**********************
I'm Christi's husband and I'm very proud that this incredibly sexy woman is my spouse. Her open and honest expression of her sexuality is a continuing source of wonderment and delight to me, and many others, which I hope you can appreciate as I tell her story...

She started in her mid teens with an older brother who very explicitly satisfied her curiosity about why she got those itchy feelings between her legs. He was quite experienced and quickly taught her the potential her pussy had for pleasure but also the delicious feelings of good foreplay and oral sex as well. After a year or so of fucking at every opportunity and developing her erotic skills, another older brother, and then her younger one, found out and joined in on the fun. Christi learned to focus on appreciating whichever man she was having sex with at the moment. The differences in their kisses, caresses, and fucking styles made it all the more interesting. Because of the easy access to three males, she soon experimented with multiple partners both serially and simultaneously. While that could be very stimulating, she preferred one-on-one as more satisfying. She eventually realized that fucking was a lot like eating. Even after a fine meal, which soon became history, a person gets hungry again.

She dated in high school but it was mostly social since there was no need to "put out", seeing as she got plenty of cock at home. She could concentrate on getting good grades instead of being "boy crazy" like many of her peers. Later on she developed a deep enough friendship with a few boys to welcome them between her legs on a long term basis. She found out that she usually had to be their sex ed coach at first and frequently had to ask a brother to complete her satisfaction after returning home. That was a turnabout since her pussy often had prevented blue balls after her brothers' dates since they had an "open" invitation to slip into her bed and cunt. The siblings enjoyed telling the others about their sex lives, especially when naked in bed together. With the common bond of family and Christi's cunt, the brothers were not homophobic. They had often fucked in another brother's cum deposits so some brother-brother touching or sucking wasn't unexpected, especially if Christi's cunt was occupied or otherwise unavailable. 

When she went away to college Christi got her needs taken care of by a small stable of regular boyfriends. She had learned to not let any one guy "own" her but keep them competing for the goodies. Thus they were more motivated to please her and she liked the variety in lovemaking. She wouldn't date a guy very long if he couldn't handle sharing her. Of course, her brothers still got laid by her on school breaks and whenever they came to visit. 

In her senior year she met her future first husband Tom. He rocked her boat better than anyone before but she made sure that he was well aware that it was "her pussy" and she decided who would enjoy it. Even though they fucked often, she would regularly spend time with other lovers. When Tom next slid his cock inside her pussy, Christi would ask him if it still felt as good as ever, just to remind him how sexual she was. He invariably rose to the occasion and fucked her furiously as she told of her latest coupling(s). When it became apparent that Tom, and their sex life, thrived on her enjoyment of other lovers, she became receptive to a more permanent relationship and they married after graduation.

Tom not only accepted and enjoyed her fucking other guys (and also her brothers when circumstances permitted) but occasionally came up with scenarios to make it even more interesting. One notable example was the time Tom planned to get Christi fucked as many times as possible in one day. The day started with Tom getting a quickie on awakening. After breakfast Christi went to see lover "A". They fucked twice then she came home for a "lunchie" with Tom. Then off to see lover "B" who she was able to coax two cum dumps into her pussy from. After a shower she then met lover "A" at a restaurant followed by "dessert" (two courses) at his apartment. Arriving home, Christi was greeted by a naked, well recovered, and eager Tom. A gentle fuck, due to her wet and rather tender pussy, finished off a very busy day for a total of 9 cum loads.

Christi & Tom separated after about 8 years. All of her life Christi was not very consistent or careful about birth control yet never became pregnant. A medical evaluation showed that she was highly unlikely to have children. Tom really wanted children and that drove them apart. After the divorce they still enjoyed an occasional horizontal dance for many years even after they remarried.

When I met Christi she was in her early 30s and I was about 10 years older. If you think of the classic porn star Christy Canyon with dark red hair above and below, and blue eyes you have a good picture. We clicked immediately. On the first "morning after" as we lay in bed, she launched into her sexual philosophy talk. She told me, "My cunt was designed to enjoy hard cocks. I use it for that as often as I can. It's my style to have several men available to fuck at any given time. I look for a few long term lovers, not one night stands, and I enjoy each one as an individual. If you want to have more of me, and I'd like that, then you need to be ok with my sex life." I asked her a few questions about her current situation (two regular fuck-buddies) and my hard cock soon delivered the answer she wanted. As we spent more time together and Christi realized that her non-monogamous sexuality did not threaten me as it had many less secure men, she began to share more and more of her past adventures with me. I marvelled that a vagina that had already been filled by hard cocks thousands of times and received gallons of semen could still feel practically brand new. Proof of the saying "you can't wear out a pig's snout or a woman's pussy". I wasn't yet ready to hear the details of her current "other men" though the idea of it was erotic enough to stiffen my dick a bit extra while I was fucking her. I had dated and had casual sex since my wife's death and wasn't a prude, but this openness was new territory for me. In every way she was a delightful person but I had no illusions that I could keep up with her sexual needs singlehandedly.

We were spending a lot of time together so when her apartment lease was up I suggested she move into my house providing household help in exchange for room and board. She accepted but with the condition that she have her own room, thus maintaining her all-important independence. She would now have sex with her fuck buddies only in their beds, which she preferred anyway so her partner would have to deal with the wet spot. I have two boys, Bill 18 and Corey 16. They already got along well with Christi and were getting used to her often being there in the morning, so having a "mom" in the house was just fine. Actually it would lighten their housekeeping chores.  

As we settled into the new domestic arrangement Christi was the model of discretion about her outside sex life. She would call me on the occasions when she was going to be absent for dinner or the night.  When this happened I would find  myself in bed that night stroking my hard cock thinking about what she was doing. We didn't talk about it but I would usually be extra aroused the next time we fucked. One memorable night she was out for the evening and I was laying in bed with my usual hardon when I heard her arrive home. She soon came into my room naked, reached out to feel my erect cock, and without a word climbed in bed, straddled me and took my cock fully into her cunt in one stroke. I was getting "silky seconds", fresher than ever before. A very short time later we both came, she rolled off me, and we slept. That became the norm on her "date" evenings.

Christi patiently taught me that her rich and varied sex life was no threat to our relationship. She soothed my male ego and insecurity with her obvious ardor whenever we coupled. Her gentle reassuring discussions and demonstrations helped me to realize how her sexual variety actually enriched our relationship. I recognized that I was often extra aroused when she had recently been fucked by another man. Christi explained that was a natural reaction often referred to as "sperm competition". A male wants his sperm to compete with the others in the race to impregnate. Even if there was not fresh sperm inside her, she was a little bit "different" with each sexual experience. This kept our lovemaking from becoming monotonous. I was constantly reminded how sexy she was and that kept my desire strong. We both reaped the benefits of that. 

The boys eventually noticed her overnight absences and asked me about it. I told them that she was her own person and I loved her enough to let her do what she needed to do. My thoughts had begun running towards a more formal arrangement, like marriage, and since I already had two teenage sons, having more kids was not an issue in my life. When I mentioned the subject, Christi quickly shot it down with the argument that a wife with the sexual freedom that she needed would not be a good role model for the boys. She said that she had grown to love me and the boys but I should just "enjoy the ride".

Twice a year my job took me out of town for a few weeks. The night before I left I was enjoying the afterglow between Christi's legs when she said that there were two things she wanted to talk to me about. The first was that if I had an opportunity for some good sex during my trip I shouldn't turn it down it on her account. Fair is fair. The second was more complicated. She had noticed that the boys did not date and seemed to have little confidence around women. My absence would be a good opportunity for her to provide sex education and training in a way that I couldn't. With a grin she added that she had not had two virgins since her brothers. My cock went into overdrive and I put a second cum shot as deep into her pussy as I could get. Christi gave me her sexiest grin as she reminded me that once they were trained, regular practice would be necessary until they found girl friends of their own...and even then refreshers might be in order. An early morning fuck sent me on my way with a lot of erotic feelings.

My evening phone calls were full of questions which Christi answered very matter-of-factly. She had developed a week-long curriculum with education segments on female physiology and psychology, STDs, birth control, and the law. Each day also had a "hands-on lab" covering foreplay, oral sex, and eventually intercourse. I left on Sunday and Bill was scheduled to start on Monday. When Christi informed him of the subject matter he was rather apprehensive until she reassured him that I had approved. Then he became an eager student! Corey was told that Bill was receiving special tutoring and next week would be his turn. Friday was graduation so Bill got his first pussy from his dad's girlfriend. And his second, third, and fourth before dinner. Christi spent Saturday celebrating her successful teaching experience with one of her fuck-buddies. Corey became a dedicated learner on Monday with Bill getting fuck daily sessions to improve his endurance, very important for his partner's satisfaction. After Corey's graduation Christy spent some catch-up time with her other fuck-buddy and then the next week started Corey on practice sessions like Bill's.

I arrived home the following Tuesday. Christi took off the day from work and sent the boys away. She met me at the door wrapped in Saran Wrap and a big red bow. We didn't make it to the bedroom...as quickly as I could get her unwrapped she was riding my rod and her talented cunt was doing its best to extract all my stored up male juices. Thinking about my cock pumping where my two sons had recently been cumming made me blast off in her so hard that it hurt. After recovering consciousness, and before I could question her, she asked if I had any fun on my trip. I told her about the two enjoyable nights with the middle aged female executive who supplemented her marital sex life a couple of times a year, and which her husband always looked forward to. Regarding the boys, Christi was quite clinical and complementary in her report which made it a little easier for me to absorb the new family situation. She flattered me by saying I had raised a couple of fine studs...and she should know! 

We all settled into our new sex lives. Bill practiced with Christi on MWF mornings and Corey on TTS for the next month. Evenings and Sunday were just for me. After the practice sessions ended Christi told me that our family was really all the sex she could handle & needed so she was going to cut her fuck buddies loose. They were feeling neglected lately anyway. The next Friday night was spent saying goodby to them. I actually felt sorry for their loss. With no further need for modesty at home, she encouraged us to reduce the amount of clothes we wore around the house. She enjoyed being nude in front of her three lovers. Wiggling her luscious tits and ass, she proclaimed, with a big grin, that she was enjoying being the "house whore". That kind of attitude, along with the easy access afforded by her uncovered body, would surely result in some spontaneous cunt visits by any erect organ. She also confided to me in bed, always the best place to have a discussion involving sex, that when the boys returned from dates, she would frequently go to their room and ask them if they had been laid. If not, she would offer a quicky so they could get to sleep more easily, much like she had done for her brothers. I'd bet they lied a few times! It didn't matter if she got off with the boys since I would usually get to finish the job when she came to my bed. I didn't ask, but thought about her busy beaver on the occasional night that both boys had dates! My cock couldn't tell or care if it was being coated with one or two flavors of cum.  

I reflected that she had developed her own moral code of sex behavior. Even though she had several lovers at any given time, she was not really promiscuous. A couple of group sex sessions arranged by her ex-husband helped her decide that good sex for her needed to be 1) with someone she was attracted to, 2) with someone she could trust, and 3) private. When she fucked you, she fucked YOU. Even if she had been with someone else shortly before, you got her full attention and desire for mutual pleasure and you felt like the only man to ever have her. 

Christi loved nothing better than having an excited man with his hard cock pumping deep inside her. When her talented cunt brought forth the spurts of cock juice on her cervix it practically guaranteed an orgasm for her. I never got to watch her, although she knew that I would enjoy it, and rarely heard details of her other encounters. She never hid the fact that she had been fucking and knew that I enjoyed thrusting in her pussy slippery with fresh cum. With two horny teen boys in the house, that was now a pretty common occurance.

A few weeks later Christi was sliding up and down on my hard cock with her lovely tits swinging in front of my face when she asked me, "Now that I can no longer set a bad example for the boys, is your offer of marriage still open?" I hugged her to me as I shot my answer deep inside saying, "Only if it doesn't change our sex lives!" She climaxed too.

It was a small ceremony with the boys and her brothers as guests. The wedding night was spent in a hotel suite where, after we officially consummated the marriage, Christi got up, my cum trailing down her thigh, and went to the bedroom door. As she announced that this was a special, one-time, wedding surprise, she opened the door to reveal her brothers and my sons, all as naked as we were, waiting in the next room. Returning to the bed with her oldest brother, Christi had me sit up against the headboard as she lay on her back with her head in my lap. I had a perfect vantage point as each of the men, in the order that she had first fucked them, opened her love lips with their mushroom cock crown and slid inside to fill the bride's familiar pleasure place. As they withdrew on each stroke, I saw their shaft shiny with first my cum and later the combined mixture. She actively fucked them just as if they were alone. Her words and cunt muscles quickly brought each to climax. I was fascinated and caressed her breasts and upper body as I watched each of them repeatedly pump their cocks into her cunt and finally tense as they ejaculated in her newly married pussy. She had to move her head when my cock became hard with this wonderful spectacle but that allowed her to turn and kiss it when she wasn't kissing the man in her cunt. As each one finished they left with a kiss and a cock squeeze from Christi and sent in the next one. Having me watch their wedding night deposits was her present to me! Between men I fingered her wet pussy, spreading the abundant juice all over it and bringing some to her nipples and mouth. After Corey shot his semen into his new stepmother and left the wedding bed, she pulled me on top of her to slip easily into her sopping love box. We made love slowly on the huge wet spot, stirring the 6 different cums with my cock until I added one more load. She whispered, "I've never had that many different lovers in a row or even on the same day. I am so glad we could share this special time." And then we slept for a long time.

A two week honeymoon cruise had been booked with the boys in an adjoining stateroom. In a manner of speaking they had married her as well. The relaxing atmosphere allowed lots of bed-hopping with long, enjoyable sessions. Christi's cunt was kept continuously wet with semen. She always looked well fucked, even when dressed for meals, and teased her three lovers that when she sat topless by the adult pool she constantly had guys offer her drinks (or more). She would often be rascally & tell them that if her three male roommates couldn't keep up with her she would let them know. She claimed that a few of the cuter ones would get a bigger bulge in their trunks and were tempting! With three of us hot for her bod, and a wide open schedule, she may have equalled or beaten her fuck record with Tom more than once!

Returning home, Christi moved the rest of her personal stuff into my room. Hers became the guest room for entertaining her ex-husband, brothers and others when they visited. She didn't want marriage to change her life TOO much. She still loved them, after all. Her younger brother was still single and spent the night a couple of times a month when he had business in the area. Christi's ex-husband was in town, and in her pussy, a couple of times a year. Although married with a couple of kids, he usually mentioned over a couple of drinks that she was much more fun than his wife. Christi, when asked, admitted that he was still a great fuck. The best of her long-term sex buddies were occasionally invited to her guest bed on special occasions, like their birthdays.   

Family visits got very interesting too. Her two oldest brothers were married, no children, and their wives were aware of the family sex history. When we visited each of them the sister-in-law figured it was her chance for an expanded sex life. She bunked Christy with her husband/brother and herself with me. Of course she had to "tuck in" the boys which took about a half hour each. When she finally got to me she was flushed, dripping, and extremely aroused. Of course I enjoyed new pussy, especially when it was very hot and wet. At breakfast the SIL commented that she had fucked teens earlier in her life with that much vigor but few of her prior older lovers had the technique or endurance of the boys. I gave Christi full credit for their coital abilities. By the time we left the SIL was busy planning the next visit and Christi's brothers later reported that they were fucked senseless for a while after we left. The boys were also eager for more of that good experienced mature pussy. The two SILs were also talking about a family reunion where they could have six cocks to enjoy. They envied Christi's cunt. They wanted theirs to have just as much fun.

A couple of years before I met her, Christi had started on the hormone implant to stop her menstrual cramps. With all the changes going on in her life she had overlooked the replacement notice. That wasn't a big deal because it took a while before her ovulation would start again and she had been given a diagnosis of sterility anyway. However, at her 35th birthday party, she addressed the small family gathering, "This is my best birthday ever. I have people I love, a wonderful sex life, and the best birthday present ever...I'm pregnant!"