Exhibitionist Wives At The Inn
by Wizardsleeves

A night out to a VT inn brings out their exhibitionist sides.

It was towards the end of May. The days were getting warmer, the nights were still a little cool, and Keri and I were ready for a night away from the kids. Our friends Tim and Gwen suggested we join them for a night at the Black Bear Inn in Bolton. The carriage house was available, with its own private four person hot tub. There was one king size bed and a pull out couch... not ideal, but serviceable. We had been in the hot tub naked with them before, but had never gone further than some playful fondling and touching under the cover of the bubbles. I was hopeful of seeing a little more of Gwen on this getaway.

We agreed to meet around 4:30 at the inn. Gwen was picking Tim up at work on the way. It was a pleasant sunny day, and the girls were in a great mood. We stocked the fridge with wine and beer, unpacked our clothes and settled in. After a couple hours of small talk and catching up, we decided to get ready for dinner. We had heard great things about the inn's culinary prowess, and were eager to experience it firsthand. Tim was wearing the clothes he wore to work wanted to clean up before dinner. He and Keri were having an in-depth conversation about something I had no interest in, and she followed him in to the bathroom and sat while he undressed and entered the clear glass shower. Gwen and I were sitting on the couch procrastinating about getting changed for dinner.

With the pretext of asking how soon they would be ready, and curious about what was going on in the bathroom, I got up and opened the door enough to see inside. Keri was sitting on the closed seat of the toilet in her bra and panties chatting to a very visible and naked showering Tim! She seemed to be paying particularly attention to his hard cock, which he was vigorously soaping when I walked in. I told them Gwen and I would be changing and ready whenever they were. Keri smiled at me and said ok, and that she wanted to take a short shower also before dinner.

Returning to the sitting room, I found Gwen laying out her short skirt and blouse. I poured her a glass of red wine and cracked a beer. After a few minutes she looked at me and asked what I thought was taking them so long in the bathroom. I explained that Tim was showering, they were still chatting, and Keri was thinking of taking a short shower as well. She got a mischievous look on her face and headed towards the bathroom door with an exaggerated cartoon-like "sneaking" stride. She waved me over, giving the shushing "quiet" sign. We opened the door and entered the bathroom. Tim was leaning back naked on the sink, brushing his teeth and watching Keri thoroughly soap her shapely round ass and shaved pussy. Gwen smiled at them and inquired how much longer before they would be ready to leave. Keri replied that she just needed to finish her shower and dry her hair, and Tim said he needed to shave and dress and would be right out.

I could sense that the mood had changed in the sitting room after what we had witnessed in the bathroom. Gwen was starting to feel the wine (that I kept re-filling) and asked if she should wear panties under her skirt or not. "You have to ask?" I quickly replied, and suggested that a bra would be unnecessary as well. She giggled and stretched out on the couch, saying that she needed a back rub. I told her we still had to change into our dinner clothes, and might as well start undressing. She readily agreed and took her bra and shirt off with a flourish -- tossing them at me as I pulled off my pants and shirt. She seemed to have moment of modesty as she contemplated taking off her panties. Her solution was to pull the short skirt on and remove the panties underneath. There was still no sign of Tim and Keri from the bathroom.

Gwen sat on the couch with her back to me and arms crossed over her ample breasts, waiting for her back massage. In only my underwear, I worked her neck and middle back before slowly circling towards her chest from behind. It only took a few minutes before I dropped the illusion of giving a back massage and just started playing with her tits, cupping them and working her nipples from behind while brushing my erect cock on her back. I was reaching down to get a peek under her skirt when Keri and Tim finally emerged from the bathroom. Keri was wrapped in a towel that was not long enough and covered only the top of her ass and none of her pussy. Tim was freshly shaved, wearing his dress pants and a smile.

Keri dropped her towel and began sorting out what she was wearing to dinner while Tim and I admired her large breasts and smooth pussy. When she bent to open her suitcase I caught Tim crouching down to get a better view of her exposed pink slit from behind. I hastily suggested a skirt and button down blouse with no panties or bra, and Tim was quick to agree. Keri seemed hesitant until Gwen unbuttoned her blouse enough to expose her perky tits to the room, and lifting the hem of her skirt to reveal her neatly shaved pussy, said if "I'm going commando then so are you, and besides, I didn't shave down there for nothing!"

We all finally managed to get dressed and had one more drink before heading down to the dining room. On the way Keri and Gwen would lift their skirts in the back every few steps. They giggled and swayed their hips, showing their naked asses to us and whoever else was lucky enough to look. The room was a rustic open space with six neatly arranged round tables. Two basset hounds were wandering around the room freely. There were two other middle aged couples seated close by our table. The inn keeper came out and introduced himself, his partner and the two dogs. The meal was better than average, and we all had a few more drinks. The girls had unbuttoned enough or their blouses so that it was not too difficult to catch a glimpse of nipples when they moved just the slightest bit. Our waiter gave us plenty of attention, and I saw him sneaking a peek at every opportunity. Tim and I found an excuse to look under the table when I "accidently" dropped my phone. The girls took the hint and spread their legs wide while we took our time "searching" for it.

The way back to the carriage house included a stretch of stairs wide enough for the girls to ascend side by side. They hiked up their skirts again as they climbed, and we were treated to a great shot of ass and pussy from behind. Gwen, a little tipsy from the wine, stumbled at one point and caught herself by placing her hands forward on the stairs, her full round ass completely exposed and showing her shaved lips and pink asshole directly to me. I couldn't resist the urge to give it a quick rub and light slap before we continued on up the stairs. We spilled into the room and sat in the living room, the girls on the couch and Tim and I seated on the opposite side of the room in the matching club chairs.

Tim got up for another round of drinks. I whispered to the girls to pull their skirts up so he would get a pleasant surprise when he returned. Giggling, they scooted their hips forward and leaned back on the couch. Keri motioned to Gwen to unbutton the rest of their blouses. They took turns trying to "out sexy" each other by striking different poses while we waited for Tim to return. The last pose had Gwen pretending to cover her smooth pussy with her hand and intentionally failing, her ass checks pushed forward and perky tits squeezed together. Keri sat with one leg up and bent at the knee, the other fully extended. Her thin pink slit against her milky white ass cheeks and thighs were the focus of my attention as Tim walked in. It took him about 30 seconds after settling into his chair to realize what was happening. His look of surprise was priceless. We sat and admired the show for a minute in silence, adjusting the front of our pants before getting up and kneeling in front of the girls for a closer look. The girls broke the spell by announcing that it was time for a nice hot tub.

Keri grabbed four robes from the bathroom; we shed our clothes, grabbed a bottle of wine and headed down the stairs to the hot tub, which was in its own covered gazebo around the back of the carriage house. We hung the robes up and entered the tub, Tim and Gwen sat next to each other on one side and Keri sat on my lap directly across from them. I began kissing Keri's neck and running my hands over her full breasts and erect nipples. Gwen was stroking Tim's cock as he licked her nipples and played with her tits. I lifted Keri and maneuvered her so she was laying back facing me, her hips up and pussy just above the water and in the direct line of sight of Tim and Gwen. I entered her slowly -- making sure they could see my rock hard cock as it spread her rosy lips apart, sinking in halfway, pulling out and plunging back in again. Tim turned Gwen around and pulled her hips up out of the water, entering her right next to where Keri and I were going at it. We watched each other for several minutes, enjoying the show and on the edge of climax. Keri suggested that we move the show back up to the room, as we could hear the other guest's on their way back to their rooms from dinner.

Once back in the room the robes came off immediately and the girls spread out on the couch. Gwen wasted no time in pulling Tim's face down to her waiting pussy for some much needed attention. Keri and I watched as he parted her lips and entered her wet pussy with his finger, working on her clit with his thumb. I followed his lead on Keri, caressing her breasts with my free hand and leaning in for a deep passionate kiss. Tim and I got serious about making the girls come and began giving them a thorough tongue lashing. It took only a minute or so for them to reach orgasm in their heightened state of arousal. Gwen came first, followed closely by Keri, hips bucking their soaking lips on our mouths and hands pushing our heads and tongues against their wet, contracting pussies.

I gave Tim a glance that conveyed "nicely done". With a nod we non-verbally agreed to switch places. The girls didn't bat an eye, each of them totally relaxed and basking in the glow of their recent intense orgasm. We got busy exploring each other's spouse with our fingers, probing the unfamiliar wetness while nibbling and sucking their excited nipples. Keri looked at me and whispered that she needed to be fucked ASAP. I tapped Tim on the shoulder and told him it was go time. Keri spread wide as I rubbed my rock hard cock along her ass cheeks and warm wet slit. Tim kept a close eye on what we were doing as he entered Gwen. After a few vigorous pumps he surprised us by reaching over and playing with Keri's tits, pinching and gently pulling her nipples. I continued to slowly fuck her, pulling all the way out and plunging back in to her silky pussy repeatedly. Tim reached down and began to circle and massage her aroused clit, causing her to moan with pleasure.

Gwen began pinching her own nipples and reached down to give her clit some attention as Tim steadily pounded away. Keri's pussy milked my cock as she started her second orgasm of the night. I pulled out and came on her sweet pussy as she slowly massaged her clit and labia. Tim was not far behind, and we watched as he pulled out and came on Gwen's busy fingers. She started to shake as the first wave of her second orgasm hit. We all collapsed in a heap of naked bodies on the couch, exhausted and satisfied. We each had one more orgasm before calling it a night, thanks to a side by side doggy-style romp on the king sized bed. I had a few minutes with both girls before the action started. Tim needed a bathroom break, and the two horny women motioned me to the bed and positioned me right between them. With their beautiful round asses up and heads on the pillows, I had no choice but to obey. Tim walked in to see Keri and his wife getting a light spanking and finger fucking, Gwen and Keri's shaved pussy lips puffy and ready for the last ride of the night. We finished in a series of loud orgasms that I'm sure the neighbors must have heard, and fell in to a deep sleep.
