Sabine Get a New Job
bySabineteas©

After all the things that had happened to Sabine at work, she was constantly looking for a new job. It wasn't that she didn't like what she was doing work-wise, but the continual having to undress and be shown off was wearing on her. It took a while but she finally found something. She interviewed with the new potential boss, Jennifer, and felt she did well on the interview.

Several weeks later Sabine was called back for a second interview which made her very excited. After this interview, Jennifer offered her a position as Jennifer's assistant and the pay was quite a bit higher than what Sabine had been making. She happily accepted, told Jennifer that she had to give two weeks notice and they arranged for her start date.

What Sabine didn't know was that Jennifer knew Diane and was very well aware of what Sabine had been doing at her current work. Jennifer also thought that Sabine could be "fixed" up to be more attractive and professional, rather than the mousy girl that she was presently.

Jennifer was definitely bi-sexual and thought that she would really like to be the dominant partner in a relationship. Sabine, according to Diane, seemed to be a fairly good prospect for a submissive. That's why Jennifer was willing to offer Sabine a much better job than she had. After all, it wasn't her money that was going to be paying Sabine, but the firm's and if things didn't work out, well Sabine could always be let go. There was a one month probationary period for this job. The training would take two weeks, Jennifer could do a bit of a makeover on the girl in the third week and that would leave the last week of the probationary period to find out how compliant Sabine would actually be. Jennifer couldn't wait to see how this all would play out. She was very excited. Almost as much as Sabine was.

A little bit about the two women. Sabine is now 35, dirty blonde, with medium size breasts, a fairly decent overall shape, about 5'6" tall, perhaps 130lbs. Jennifer is 46, her hair is tinted to a white blond, rather large breasts, a very good shape, 5'9" tall, and 120lbs. Sabine is pursued by men but she looks plain, it's the body that attracts men. Jennifer is very good looking and has men around her constantly.

The two weeks of Sabine's training went well, as Jennifer had hoped. In the third week Sabine moved to her new desk outside of Jennifer's office and during long lunches with her boss, Sabine was given new clothes by Jennifer. Expensive new clothes. Sabine was surprised by this, objected to Jennifer's paying for them, but was convinced by Jennifer to accept them.

"I must have a professional looking and decent looking woman as my assistant, Sabine."

Sabine was very happy, not knowing what was coming. 

Friday afternoon Jennifer and Sabine took off and Jennifer took Sabine to an expensive hair salon. Her hair was cut and styled by a man and really complemented Sabine. By no means was she beautiful, but she was very striking with the new hairstyle, hair color and her shapely body. The new clothes didn't hurt either. And, Sabine being naïve, didn't think much of the money that Jennifer had spent on her. This even after all that had happened to the woman with Diane. It was fairly foolish of her to not be suspicious. Sabine was just too happy to be away from Diane to think that Jennifer would be anything like her.

After the hair styling and nice dinner Jennifer told Sabine that she needed her to be in early on Monday morning, before 8AM. Sabine assured Jennifer that she would be there early. She spent Saturday out shopping for a new car and essentially spent most of her increase in pay to buy one. So now, Sabine had pretty much trapped herself into the new job. If she quit she could not afford her apartment, living expenses and car payments, even if she found a job immediately. But at this point that was not a concern to her. Sabine was just happy to be away from Diane and the humiliations she had endured.

Sabine spent the weekend before the last week of her probation taking two drives with her new car, laying out the new clothes that Jennifer had bought her and thinking of how happy and lucky she was. Jennifer spent the weekend thinking of what she was going to attempt with her new assistant and masturbating over those thoughts. Jennifer could not wait until Monday morning!

And Monday morning arrived. As she had been told, Sabine arrived early, just before 7:30AM, and hurried to her desk outside Jennifer's office. She hung up her coat and put her purse in the bottom drawer of her desk and walked confidently to Jennifer's door and knocked.

"Come in!"

Sabine walked and smiled at her new boss, Jennifer. She had dressed in what she thought was the best of the new clothes that Jennifer had bought for her and she did look good, really good. Sabine shut the door to Jennifer's office and smiling walked to the large desk which Jennifer sat behind, leaning back and smiling like a Cheshire cat. Sabine pulled back a side chair and began to sit down.

"Don't!"

She stopped, shocked and looked at Jennifer. Sabine was now very unsure of herself.

"Did I do something wrong?"

"No. Just step back a bit, I want to take a look at you."

Hesitantly Sabine stepped back two steps, still in front of the large desk.

"Turn around, slowly."

Sabine did as she was told, turning slowly, but slightly clumsily. She was feeling uncomfortable, very nervous. As she faced Jennifer once more she saw her smiling. Sabine began to relax. Jennifer couldn't be angry with her, she was smiling. And then.....

"Sabine, I have to tell you something."

Sabine's stomach sank. She was fearful of losing this new job that she had been so happy to get.

"You weren't aware that Diane and I know each other, were you?"

As the last statement registered in Sabine's brain her mouth opened in a small oval and her eyes widened. She felt as though she had just swallowed a rock which was now sitting in her stomach. She paled and felt dizzy and grasped the back of the chair to her right, barely catching herself.

"Well, obviously, from your reaction, you think that I know what had been going on at your last place of employment. And if you think that, you are correct. I know exactly what you have been doing Sabine."

Now Sabine's stomach clenched around that rock that had grown in size to a small boulder. This couldn't be happening to her, not again!

"Most employers would be most unhappy to know what you had been doing, in fact many of them wouldn't even think of hiring you, Sabine. However, I am not most employers."

Most of what Jennifer was saying did register with Sabine and her stomach began to unclench, slightly.

"But, I do have certain desires and needs, Sabine. Desires and needs that I think you would do perfectly in fulfilling."

Sabine's stomach began to clench tighter.

"Just so we fully understand each other dear, here, at my home and your apartment, as a matter of fact, whenever you are with me, Sabine, I am the boss and my word is law. Do you understand that?"

"Uh, y-y-es."

"Good. Now just keep in mind that my word is law, Sabine. Don't ever forget that."

"N-n-no, I w-w-won't"

The poor girl was shuddering, eyes wide and heart beating very fast. Jennifer smiled but it wasn't a friendly smile, it was like a crocodile's smile. One that appears friendly at first blush but when you study it, you know it was not at all friendly.

"I'm very glad that we understand each other Sabine. Now, remove your clothes, all of them."

Sabine almost fainted! She could just stare at Jennifer. Oh she understood what had been said, it was just such a shock she felt paralyzed.

"Was there something that I said that was in a foreign language Sabine?"

"N-n-no."

"Well then...."

"I don't want to ......"

"Look Sabine, I didn't hire you and pay you the kind of money I am because I am a philanthropist. And from what I know of your finances you really can't afford to lose this job. I am sure that you are capable of doing what I need from you from a work standpoint. But, as I said, I have certain desires and needs. And seeing you naked, right now, is one of them. So you can strip or you can take your fat ass out of here. Perhaps Diane will hire you back..."

Sabine hung her head. Her grip on Jennifer's chair was the only thing keeping her from falling to her knees. She thought she had gotten away from Diane and her perversity and now it appeared that she really hadn't. Very slowly Sabine unbuttoned her smart, new suit jacket and removed it. She laid it across the back of the chair she had been gripping to keep standing. Next she toed off her shoes, new comfortable low heels. Indecision painted her face as she looked down, trying to decide what to remove next.

"For God's sake Sabine, hurry up!"

Sabine hurriedly unbuttoned the silk blouse and that joined the jacket, then the skirt that matched the jacket. Now she was standing in her bra, a plain white cotton one, pantyhose and panties. Stalling as much as possible, she thumbed the pantyhose past her hips and slowly rolled them down and off. She looked at Jennifer, begging to stop with her eyes but she didn't see any compassion there at all.

Finally Sabine reached behind her back and unclasped the bra and slipped it off. One arm automatically went over her medium sized tits and the other hand pushed her panties down, one side then the other until they succumbed to gravity and slid down to Sabine's ankles. She unsteadily lifted her feel out of them and the pantyhose, bra and panties joined her other clothes, an untidy pile of undergarments on top of a fashionable suit. One hand clamped between Sabine's thighs and the other arm was across her chest, hiding her as much as possible.

"Come here, please."

Sabine slowly walked around the desk and Jennifer moved back so Sabine could stand with her back to the desk, Jennifer right in front of her.

"Now, Sabine, lift your fat ass up on my desk, lean back on your arms and spread your legs, please."

Sabine shuddered and backed up until her ass hit the edge of the desk and she eased herself up on it but she couldn't move her arms. She just sat there.

"Oh for God's sake, Sabine!"

Jennifer stood up, took one of Sabine's arms and put it back, the palm resting on the desk top. Then the she took the other and placed it the same so Sabine was leaning back a bit. The with a dirty smirk Jennifer grasped each of Sabine's knees and pushed them out, spreading her legs. Then she sat back down and looked over Sabine. Poor Sabine's face was bright red and she was breathing fast. And unfortunately her nipples were hard as diamonds and sticking right out at Jennifer. Without even being touched!

"Sabine, you will do just fine. I have a few questions for you, ready?"

Sabine didn't respond other than looking at Jennifer.

"You are not a virgin, correct?"

"N-no, I am not."

"Is your asshole virgin?"

"YES!"

"Ever been with a woman?"

"NO!"

"How many men have you been with?"

"That is none of your business!"

"I'll let that pass for now, but you will tell me, Sabine, don't doubt that for a minute! And keep your legs open!"

"Do you suck cock?"

Sabine just glared at Jennifer. The nerve of that woman!

"If you have, fine, if not, you will be soon, Sabine."

"Do you masturbate?"

Another glare with silence.

"Well if you do masturbate, you won't have to anymore, Sabine."

Jennifer rolled her chair up with her feet, right between Sabine's spread open legs.

"You won't have to masturbate because I enjoy doing this among other things, Sabine."

And poor Sabine gasped as she felt a finger go right up her pussy!

"My goodness, you are nice and wet Sabine!"

Jennifer giggled and easily slid another finger inside Sabine's pussy, her thumb resting on top of Sabine's clit. With her other hand she reach up and cupped one of Sabine's tits and gently rolled the erect nipple between a thumb and finger as she rubbed Sabine's clit and thrust in and out of her pussy. Sabine's face began to burn as she turned bright red! Jennifer kept finger fucking Sabine and toying with her nipples and unfortunately Sabine was really responsive. Before long Sabine was gently moving her hips to the thrusting fingers and soon it wasn't gentle movement at all. All of which embarrassed Sabine to no end!

But what was really embarrassing was that she didn't really resist and before long she felt the onset of an orgasm and even then she didn't stop Jennifer. Then Sabine's hands moved from the top of the Jennifer's desk, but not to stop her, to press the hand fondling her tit harder against her and the one finger fucking her hard up pressed to her pussy as she ground her hips on Jennifer's fingers and palm.

And then Sabine peaked and her orgasm flooded into and through her. And all the way through it, Sabine humped Jennifer's hand and moaned. When the orgasm ended Sabine slumped back, barely catching herself with her hands and Jennifer pulled her fingers out of her, looked at them, smirked and lifted them to Sabine's mouth.

"Lick them clean, Sabine, you'll get used to the taste of pussy soon, you may as well start now."

Sabine didn't even think, she just opened her lips and Jennifer's fingers slid inside her mouth and Sabine sucked and licked them clean.

Then Jennifer stood up, walked around the desk to the pile of Sabine's clothes and picked up her bra, panties and pantyhose. Those went in the garbage can next to Jennifer's desk.

"Dress code Sabine. You cannot wear a bra. You may keep three pairs of panties at your apartment for when you have a period. No period, no panties. You will not wear pantyhose, period. Here's my credit card for Dayton's or Marshall Fields. Buy several pairs of thigh high stockings, elastic tops. That is the only hosiery you are allowed to wear. I will check to see that you are obeying the dress code. Don't disappoint me. Now get dressed, go and buy the hose and put a pair on. Then come back to work and we'll start the day. You my use my private bathroom to wipe yourself off before you get dressed."

Sabine slid off Jennifer's desk and dumbly walked to the private bathroom adjoining the office. She slowly wiped off her pussy and upper thighs and returned to slip on her skirt, blouse and suit jacket. She picked up Jennifer's credit card and stumbled out to her desk, sitting down heavily and cradling her head in her hands. How could this be happening to me again? HOW?

Sabine sat for a few moments, feeling naked even though she had clothes on. She could feel her nipples, still erect, rubbing on her silk blouse as she breathed. She knew that they were not going to soften any time soon. She was embarrassed at how easily she removed her clothes, standing nude in front of Jennifer and she remembered how easily Jennifer's fingers had gone up her pussy. Could she be enjoying what was happening to her? Glancing about, seeing no one she moved her right hand down and under the skirt she had on. It moved upward, lifting the front of the skirt and her fingers touched her pussy lips. Oh God, I am still wet! The gentle touch on her lips made her abdomen clench and a tingle ran through her belly.

Sabine hated herself, hated how easily she had done what she was told, even though it was the threat of losing her job that had made her do it. Really? Was it the threat of losing her job or just that Sabine had wanted to get naked in front of Jennifer? Did she fear becoming poor again or did she just want to get naked? She didn't know and that scared Sabine. She just didn't know.

Sighing Sabine got up and left, heading to Marshall Fields where she purchased several pair of hose, stopped at rest room and in the privacy of a stall tore open a package and put a pair on. She smoothed her skirt down but on leaving she looked at the large mirror above the sinks. Shivering, Sabine slowly pulled her skirt up to her waist and gazed at the woman in the mirror. The woman she saw was holding her skirt to her waist, naked below it except for hose and the hose framed her hairy pussy. The elastic holding the hose up framed that pussy, one that seemed engorged and swollen.

Sabine gazed at her, shivering and realizing how dirty the woman looked without panties, panties that she would be allowed for perhaps five days a month from here on. She lowered her skirt and slowly unbuttoned her suit jacket, opening it. Through the pale silk blouse two erect nipples and areola were clearly visible. Two very erect nipples. Sabine's hands went to her blouse and unbuttoned that too. Then her blouse was slowly pulled open and her bare tits appeared. Medium size tits, perhaps a large B cup, slightly sagging down, nipples proudly sticking out, thick and stiff from arousal. The darker brown areola showed out starkly against Sabine's pale white skin along with the hard points of her dark brown nipples.

Without really thinking about what she was doing Sabine reached up, cupping her tits and lifting them to the mirror, her thumbs brushing lightly over her erect nipples and she gasped softly. She was aroused, damn it! Sabine forced herself to stop playing with her tits and nipples, buttoned her blouse and suit jacket and began the walk back to the office, all the while feeling cool air blowing up her skirt to tease her moist pussy lips. 

Back at the office Jennifer had put together several pieces of work that she needed and Sabine almost forgot about not having a bra or panties on. It was when she had to get up and move around that she'd remember that she was naked under her blouse and skirt. By how the blouse fabric rubbed her nipples and how she felt cool air on her pussy. And to Sabine's surprise and happiness Jennifer wasn't acting like Diane had at all. She left Sabine pretty much alone, not having her do things that were embarrassing or humiliating. Sabine was thinking later in the morning that other than losing her underwear and having Jennifer make her orgasm that it wasn't being all that bad of a day.

Right after Sabine's lunch, however, Jennifer called her into the large corner office. Jennifer told Sabine to sit down which she did.

"OK Sabine, we are going to discuss your future with the firm and me. As long as things go well, work wise, you will have nothing to fear about your job. If you do not understand something, just ask me, I will explain things to you. Now for our personal relationship, this is what is going on. I am bi-sexual, but at present I am not interested in a relationship with a man. You will become bi-sexual. This Is not a choice, it is your new reality. You will be required to expose yourself to people of my choosing, but I will not require that to happen on the job or with people that we work with. You will also be required to service my ex's. That does not include fucking, unless you want it to include fucking. But, it will include cock sucking. You will suck my ex's cocks, have them come in your mouth and you will swallow after showing me that you have made them come in your mouth. I will be allowed to fuck you however. That includes both of your holes. I do have a cock, Sabine. It doesn't come but otherwise it is the same as a man's and the good thing is it never gets soft. So, when I wish to make you orgasm, you will. You will also eat my pussy when I wish you to eat it. In case you don't know, that means kissing and licking my pussy. I may also wish you to eat the pussies of some of my friends. They will not be allowed to fuck you but they may, if they wish eat your pussy. I have some other toys and things that I will use on you. And last, I will spank you with my hands and with some other things that I have. Other than what I am going to request of you now, I will not make you get naked in this office or in front of anyone who works here, other than myself. Please lock the door."


Sabine stood, walked to the door, locked it and then returned to her chair and sat down once more. She looked at Jennifer.

"What makes you think that I am going to go along with any of this?"

Jennifer smirked at Sabine. She leaned back in her large leather swivel chair.

"Well for one, I have talked about you with Diane. No matter what you say, Sabine, Diane has told me that even with all your protesting about what she had you do, you got turned on by it, all of it. She doesn't mind that you left. She was getting concerned that everything was going to blow up on her. And then there was this morning. You certainly can't deny that you took off your clothes, right here, just because I told you to take them off. And you didn't protest when I played with you and you came, did you? So tell me Sabine, why, when I told you to strip, did you?"

Sabine's face was slightly red and she looked down at the floor.

"I don't know."

Jennifer smirked again.

"Stand up and take off your suit jacket and skirt Sabine."

Sabine lifted her head and glared at Jennifer. Jennifer smirked at her again.

"Do as you're told Sabine."

Sabine sighed softly and stood. She slowly unbuttoned her suit jacket and removed it. She laid it on a side chair. Then, getting more red-faced, she undid and unzipped her skirt, pushing it down until it fell around her ankles. She bent over and picked it up, straightening it and laid it with her jacket. Jennifer smiled at her.

"Unbutton your blouse and open it."

Sabine once more glared at Jennifer but her hand went to the buttons of her blouse and she undid them, all of them. Then she slowly slid it open, exposing her tits and nipples to Jennifer along with her somewhat hairy pussy. Sabine shivered. She glanced at Jennifer who had a large smile on her face.

"Now move your chair over here Sabine, sit on the edge of it and spread your legs as far apart as you can."

Sabine did as she was told, her face getting redder, but not one word of complaint did she speak. Sitting on the edge of the chair, her ass hanging partly off of it, Sabine looked at Jennifer, seeing her broad smile and taking a deep breath she lifted her legs up and let them fall wide open. She held them up with her hands behind her thighs and shivered as she felt her pussy lips pull apart.

"You like to have someone look at you, don't you Sabine?"

Sabine glanced down her body, seeing her erect nipples and pussy hair. She couldn't see her pussy but she could just imagine what it looked like. Reddish, hidden by her light colored pubic hair, lips swollen and open, a pink, wet gash between her legs. She looked at Jennifer.

"Yes, oh God yes, I like this!"

Jennifer's smile got even wider.

"So there won't be any no's or complaints from you when I tell you what I want you to do?"

"I guess not, I mean it depends on what."

"It depends on what I want Sabine, not what you want. And don't tell me that you won't do what I want either. Perhaps you may find some things difficult, embarrassing and humiliating, but you will do them. Now a rule for you. You no longer have a pussy Sabine, you will refer to it as your cunt. Let me hear you say it, please."

Sabine's face turned redder. She hated that word!

"I have a cunt."

"Yes, you do Sabine. You have a cunt. So if I tell you to show your cunt to someone you will say, would you like to see my cunt?"

"Would you like to see my cunt?"

"Good girl!"

Jennifer leaned back and smiled at Sabine, not a totally pleasant smile.

"Reach down and open up your cunt for me, please."

Sabine shuddered but her hands went down and she placed her fingers on the inside of her lips and pulled them outwards, spreading her lips open, showing the pink and wet center to Jennifer. She was ashamed, embarrassed and humiliated, but totally turned on. She wanted to masturbate.

"My God, Sabine, your cunt is so wet! Peel your hood back and show me your clit."

Sabine did as she was told, feeling totally dirty and humiliated, but deep inside loving what Jennifer was telling her to do. Her clit was stiff like a little cock and really sensitive.

"All right enough of this for today, Sabine, now that we've determined that you are not going to say no to me. Tonight, when you get home you will shave off all your pubic hair. And after you are dressed give me the key to your apartment. I'm going to make a copy of it and will stop by later today, after work. Get dressed and make sure you wipe off your cunt before you do."

Sabine got up, moved the chair back to the front of Jennifer's desk and without being told, removed her blouse, leaving her in just heels and stockings, otherwise completely naked. She had her eyes lowered but still could see Jennifer and that she was looking at her, looking at her mostly naked body and that sent a warm rush through her body. Sabine turned and walked away from Jennifer to her private bathroom, feeling her ass sway and bounce behind her, somewhat embarrassed at how large she felt it was and promised herself to begin exercising to tighten it up.

Sabine walked back out to Jennifer's desk and impulsively walked up to her.

"I have something to say, Jennifer. I think I am going to be all right doing things for you when it is you and me, but I don't know how I am going to handle other people being there. I'm not sure if I can deal with that."

Jennifer smiled again.

"Sabine that is what I really like. Knowing that you may be embarrassed or humiliated by what I tell you to do and when you are doing it. Frankly, I don't think that I could do half of what you are going to be doing, but that isn't the point. The point is that you are going to be doing it, not me, and I get to see you when you are doing it. I just want to reassure you that after today we won't be getting you naked here and no one from work, well almost no one maybe, will know what you are doing. Other than that just prepare yourself Sabine."

Jennifer obviously liked that Sabine had removed her blouse without being told to do so. She watched Sabine put what clothes she had back on and leave the office, returning in a few moments to hand Jennifer the key to her apartment building and door along with a piece of paper giving the address and apartment number. Jennifer smiled at that, realizing that Sabine was subconsciously giving Jennifer more than she had asked for.

Sabine's afternoon was quiet filled with work that was new to her but still familiar and somehow satisfying. At quitting time she walked into Jennifer's to let her know that she was leaving, but in a way hoping that Jennifer would tell her to strip naked again. She was disappointed. 

Sabine went home and completely forgot about shaving her pubic hair. She also forgot about the no underwear rule, or she just ignored it. She had undressed and hung up her suit, put her blouse in the hamper and dressed in bra, panties, and sweats, made a microwave dinner and ate. She was sitting in her small living room when she heard a noise and nervously got up to check. Imagine her surprise when she saw Jennifer coming through her apartment door.

Jennifer grinned at the surprised look on Sabine's face.

"What did you think I took your apartment key for Sabine?"

There was nothing Sabine could say to that.

"Now that I am her, would you please take off your clothes."

Sabine hesitated, unsure of herself and Jennifer.

"Oh come on, Sabine. It's not like I haven't seen you naked before, is it?"

Sabine's face turned slightly red and she slowly stripped off her clothes.

"I see that you are not paying attention to me, Sabine. Didn't I tell you that underwear is forbidden to you, unless you are on your period?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Well then, why are you already disobeying me?"

"I didn't expect you."

"That is not an excuse that I will accept."

There wasn't much of answer that Sabine could give to that.

"I know this is a surprise Sabine, so I will give you some latitude, but I would prefer if you would be naked at home, just in case I come over. Otherwise, I will let you know when I am coming. Here's a cell phone that I will call you on to let you know when I am coming to your apartment."

Sabine took the cell phone and set it down on her kitchen counter, somewhat embarrassed that she was nude and Jennifer was completely dressed.

"Now, I am going to show you how you should be waiting for me when I tell you I am coming here."

She led Sabine to the entry hallway, directly in front of her apartment door. Then she had Sabine squat down on her heels, open her knees wide and lean back on her hands.

"I want to see you like this when open the door, Sabine. With your tits and pretty pussy on display. Which brings us to another issue. Didn't I tell you to shave your cunt?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Well, why is there still hair on your cunt?"

"I f-f-forgot."

"I guess I am going to have see that you don't forget again. Get a pair of heels on."

Sabine got up and hurried to her bedroom for a pair of heels. She slipped them on and scurried back, finding Jennifer holding a coat for her.

"Put this on and come with me."

Sabine put the coat on and followed Jennifer to her car. They got in it and Jennifer drove off. Sabine felt awfully uncomfortable wearing only a coat and heels and not knowing where they were going.

Before long they were parking in a driveway of a rather large home in the western suburbs. Jennifer motioned her to get out of the car and did so herself, leading Sabine to the front door. She rang the doorbell and when it opened there was a woman about Jennifer's age there.

"Jennifer, good to see you!"

"May we come in, please?"

"Of course."

The woman stepped back and Jennifer gently pushed Sabine into the home, following her.

"Andrea, this is my new assistant Sabine and she has been forgetful. I need your help to help her to remember better. I also need the loan of your husband."

Andrea looked curiously at Jennifer and then at Sabine.

"She was supposed to shave her pussy and she didn't and I would like to have Bill do it for her."

Andrea's mouth opened in an "O" of surprise, then she smirked.

"What makes you think that I would want my husband to shave her pussy?"

"I didn't say you wanted him, but asked if you would let him shave her. It's not like it would be the first pussy he's seen Andrea."

"Well, true, but what does she have to say?"

"Nothing. She does what I want and today I want Bill to see her naked and to shave her cunt. If he does a good job and you agree I could have her suck him off too."

"Jennifer, I don't believe you."

Jennifer smiled at Andrea, a nasty, dirty smile.

"Sabine, take off your coat."

Sabine's face got beet red immediately. She was about to protest, but one look at Jennifer's face told her not to say a word. She unbuttoned and then slipped off her coat. Jennifer took it from her and left Sabine standing nude but for heels in the entryway.

Andrea took a look at Sabine, giggling and then she said...

"Well, she does need at least a touch up down there. What do you have on her?"

"Not really anything major. She just likes being nude and having people see her."

"Is that right?"

"S-s-sort of."

Andrea giggled and Jennifer smirked.

"How many people have seen you naked?"

"I don't really know, maybe 30 or so."

"Well, I suppose I could let Bill shave her. Did you bring a razor or anything?"

"No, I was counting on you Andrea."

"Christ Jennifer!"

"I know that you have those electric clippers and I'm sure Bill would donate a razor for the cause."

Sabine felt like a fool, standing in Andrea's entryway naked with the two of them discussing her shave. And besides, it was going to be a man shaving her!

"Bill, come here."

When she heard that Sabine wanted to run off, but she was nude and in a way she didn't want to run off either. She was mostly willing to have a strange man see her nude and she felt she could handle the shaving, even though she thought having no hair down there would be humiliating. Probably not as humiliating as spreading her legs for a stranger or at having two women watch her being shaved bare. And then as Bill walked into the entryway and saw her standing nude in just heels with Jennifer and Andrea and she saw the look on his face, Sabine thought that just being there as she was would be humiliating enough.

"Bill, honey, Jennifer wants you to shave this woman, would you? No fucking though Bill. She also said if you did a good job on it, that the woman might give you a blow job."

Andrea burst out laughing as she said that. Jennifer smiled, Sabine didn't. She felt totally embarrassed, humiliated and very stupid.

"Bill, get the clippers, a razor and shave cream. Jennifer and I will take her to the guest bathroom."

Bill trotted off to get what was needed and Jennifer and Andrea led Sabine the guest bathroom. They had her get up on the counter and put her heels by her ass and let her legs fall open. When Bill came in he was treated by the sight of Sabine with her legs wide open. He chuckled and set down the razor and shave cream, plugged in the clippers and turned them on.

"I'm going to have to touch her pussy."

"Well, duh! Just don't get any ideas of sticking your dick in the slut."

Sabine just closed her eyes, listening to the sound of the clippers, jumping when she felt a hand on abdomen and then when the clippers began ridding her of her pubic hair. As the clippers worked back and forth just above her pussy, she felt Bill's fingers on her lips and softly gasped and inadvertently slightly lifted her hips, resulting in peals of laughter from Jennifer and Andrea. Her face which had been slightly red got really scarlet. And Bill took every opportunity to push her lips aside and open them, even to exposing her clit and sneakily rubbing it, making her gasp louder.

"Bill, quit playing with her and just shave the hair off. And Sabine, open your eyes and watch him."

Sabine looked down past her sagging tits with unfortunately erect nipples to the now sparse hair above her slit. Which was now partially penetrated by one of Bill's fingers as he moved her lips around while running the clippers over them, removing pubic hair from her. Sabine shuddered, feeling aroused. Her eyes were focused on her cunt, watching as she was trimmed. She glanced up to see Andrea and Jennifer smirking at her, knowing that she was turned on by her nudity and Bill teasing her.

Bill removed the clippers, turning them off and setting them down next to Sabine's hip, looking at her, smirking himself. Still she sat on the bathroom counter, legs open and watched him soak a hand towel in warm water, wring it out and then place it over her cunt, warming it, soaking the remaining short hair. He leaned back and the three of them stared at her, smirking, seeing her reddened cheeks, wide open eyes, erect nipples and saggy tits. Her cunt was covered but her insides tingled.

Soon Bill removed the soaked towel and squirted shave cream in his hand and then applied it to her cunt, rubbing it all over her lips and lower belly. Then he rinsed off his hand, dried it and picked up the razor. Sabine watched in horror and arousal as it scraped over her skin, removing the last bits of her pubic hair, completely exposing her lips and unfortunately her erect clit. The scraping of the razor was sheer torture as it ran over the sensitive skin. She couldn't help but watch, however as her pubic hair disappeared, leaving her belly and lips bald as an eight year old girl.

Bill finally finished, wiped the stray bits of shave cream off Sabine and stepped back again, Andrea, Jennifer and Bill now looking at the naked woman who remained sitting with her legs spread, her now denuded cunt in plain view.

"Like it Sabine?"

"N-n-no."

"Well, I do and it's going to stay that way as long as I want."

"Enjoy yourself Bill?"

He chuckled.

"Yeah, it's not often that a guy gets to shave a woman he's just met. Even if she's just a bit chubby. But she has a nice looking pussy."

Sabine grimaced but didn't close her legs. What was the point now? She had been naked in front of them for close to an hour by now, most of it with her legs wide open.

"Sabine, I think you should thank Bill for the nice job he did shaving you. Why don't you take him to the living room, take out his dick and suck him until he comes. I want you to take it in your mouth, show me and Andrea that you have and then swallow it. Then I will take you home. Of course, Andrea, with your permission, since he's your husband."

"She can, that way I probably won't have to put out tonight."

Andrea giggled. Sabine sighed and got off the counter.

"I don't know where the living room is..."

Bill chuckled and led Sabine away, with Andrea and Jennifer following. Soon after, Bill was seated on the couch, his erect cock in Sabine's mouth, her head going up and down. She was horny and sucking wasn't bad until Bill tensed, grasped her head and held her down. Sabine felt the first spurt and gagged, bringing giggles from Jennifer and Andrea. And Bill held her head down as she struggled to pull her mouth off of him. Bill held her head until he had finished coming and then let go of her. Sabine jerked her head back and gagged once more, lifting her hand to her mouth.

"Don't spit Sabine, I want to see it!"

Sabine gagged again and turned to Jennifer and humiliated completely, opened her mouth. Both Andrea and Jennifer looked and giggled.

"Swallow it Sabine."

She did, gagging and choking the sperm down. She was both embarrassed and humiliated, degraded somewhat, but still aroused.

"Horny Sabine?"

"NO!"

Of course Sabine was lying, not understanding how being exposed as she had been and then told to suck cock could turn her on. She just wanted to go home. And Jennifer did take her home, but not wearing anything but her heels, since it was now dark. Once in Jennifer's car, sitting on her coat....

"If you want or need to masturbate, go ahead Sabine."

"No thank you."

Sabine was allowed to wear the coat back to her apartment from Jennifer's car but not to button it, so it swung open as she walked. Sabine was scared that someone from her apartment building would see her, but luckily no one did.

Once inside, Jennifer had Sabine take the greeting position, on her heels and ass, knees open and hands resting on the carpet behind her.

"Don't forget, this is how you are to be when I tell you that I am coming over. And, I expect you to shave your cunt at least every other day. If you don't, I'll find someone else to do it for you and maybe bring them here to do it, so they know where you live. Personally, I don't think you would like that. Now stay there until I close your door.

Jennifer turned, opened the door and turned to Sabine, holding the door open to the apartment hallway and looked at the nude Sabine, spread open for Jennifer. She smiled, standing there for perhaps thirty seconds and then let the door close.

Sabine sat quietly after her apartment door closed, eyes closed and reliving the day and evening. How stupid could she have been? How much embarrassment and humiliation was she willing to endure? Was she going to enjoy what Jennifer was going to make her do? Was Jennifer really making her do it or was Sabine a willing participant? Would Sabine stand up to Jennifer and say no? Why did she get aroused, just by taking off her clothes, letting others see her nude body? Was that going to be enough to convince her to continue? At this point Sabine wasn't sure of the answers to any of those questions. She went to bed, it was late and her alarm was early, she needed rest. Tomorrow might be a full day.

