Karma's a Bitch: Karma at the Pool
byViredae©

Summer was in full swing and the weather made it painfully clear, and so it was only natural that people would flock to places like the public pool.

One of those people was Karma, who thanks to the genetic lottery, sported a full set of C-cup boobs and a round butt to match it, her blonde hair and blue eyes completed the package in the most effective way possible.

Here she was in her nice skimpy bikini ready to put everyone at the pool to shame with her beauty, and she was succeeding with flying colors, and to make things even sweeter, there was Gretchen, Karma's little sister hanging out with her friends.

Now, while Karma boasted a fairly dazzling figure, it seemed the genetic lottery decided to put all their chips in one spot; Gretchen was nowhere near her sister's beauty, while Karma had C-cup breasts, Gretchen had A cups and barely that, and Gretchen's rather flat bottom didn't even compare to Karma's full round apple bottom, heck, even Gretchen's hair seemed to be a more matted, paler version of Karma's luscious locks of blonde hair, in all aspects, Karma seemed a prettier version of her younger sister.

Karma snuck up on her sister when the friends she brought were distracted together, she managed to slink right behind Gretched and grabbed one of the spaghetti straps of her one piece (because of course she wasn't confident enough to wear a bikini, not with that body).

"Hey Greg." Karma pulled out her signature nickname for her sister, she often joked that Gretchen could easily be mistaken for a boy if not the occasional skirt and long hair "having fun?"

"Karma? What are you-" But before Gretchen could react, Karma tugged harder on her sister's strap and grabbed her arm to keep her still, that strap was fairly flimsy on account of the suit, which was beginning to fray.

"Ah ah, don't wanna snap that in two, wouldn't want you to end up without anything on, then everyone would see your scrawny body." Karma felt the strap up and down, making sure it was obvious that she had full control of it "Then again, maybe you want the attention, it's not like you'd get any with the way you look."

Gretchen froze, was her sister really threatening to strip her in such a public place? But in no time at all the nerves that kept her still made her panic, it was probably a bad idea to disobey her sister, but Gretchen wasn't thinking straight, she began to struggle against her sister's grip and just when she felt Karma pulling harder to break the strap, she let out an audible gasp and let her sister go.

Gretchen was, to say the least, surprised by this strange turn in events, she spun around to face her sister only to see her reaching down with both hands for... Something underwater.

That's when Gretchen felt something brush against her leg, she looked down and saw what she could have sworn was a pair of bikini bottoms with loose and untied strings, and that's when Gretchen realized that those belonged to her sister.

"Karma, did you lose something?" Gretchen's question was pointed enough to make Karma realize that her secret was blown, and her glare didn't leave much to interpretation, it was an "I will kill you if you tell anyone" glare.

But Gretchen had had enough of her sister's threats, she constantly belittled her and even now she didn't seem to hesitate in stripping her own sister of her suit, she figured Karma needed a lesson.

In one swift motion, Gretchen managed to grab the bottoms in between her toes and hid them to the best of her abilities, and to her knowledge Karma was not aware of her bottoms' whereabouts just yet.

"Hey, what's that under the water?" Gretchen pointed at a spot behind her sister's back, there was nothing there, but when Karma turned around to look for her lost item in desperation, she exposed the strapless top's two strings, it was a miracle this thing was still up, but knowing Karma, she probably wanted to show off as much as possible and this was probably the skimpiest thing she could find.

Seizing the moment, Gretchen seized the two strings holding up the bra and tugged at them, she managed to whip the top off with ease, and in a second, Karma was left completely naked in the swimming pool.

"Hey!" Karma shrieked in surprise as she instinctively moved to cover herself up, leaving Gretchen with enough time to flee the vicinity.

Wasting no time at all, Gretchen hastened to climb out of the pool with her prize, both pieces of the bikini now in her grasp and with her out of the pool, she believed herself safe from her sister.

"Greg! You give those back this instant or I swear I'll rip you to shreds!" Karma threatened her sister through gritted teeth as she cradled her perfect breasts in her hands, although thanks to that, the warning was not as effective as she had hoped.

"You want 'em? Come get 'em!" Gretchen twirled the flimsy clothes over her head, exposing her sister even further to the other denizens of the pool who were beginning to pay attention, wondering what this ruckus was all about.

"Fine!" In all fairness, Gretchen expected her sister to give in and apologize to her, not climb out of the pool and lunge at her weaker sister, risking further exposure.

Fortunately for Gretchen, in Karma's haste to punish her sister, she had neglected to even her footing, and so, on the slippery and wet tiles of the poolside, Karma found herself slipping uncontrollably, she managed to grab at the bikini in Gretchen's hands, but with neither of the two letting go and gravity caring little, Karma ended up with her face in the ground, ass pointed straight upwards and holding two torn pieces of the bikini.

Gretchen looked down at her sister, then up at the many people who were staring right at her sister's fully exposed pussy, and knew there was nothing left to the imagination.

A few moments passed, but when Karma realized how much she was putting on display, she let out a piercing scream, and with no regard to her swimsuit, ran off towards the locker rooms, surrounded by the laughter of everyone including Gretchen's and, slightly confused and climbing out of the pool, her friends.

Once the laughter died down, Gretchen and her friends decided to check up on Karma, they found the still naked girl locked up inside one of the changing cubicles, as she'd forgotten the key to her locker out at the pool, and now, with no clothes to speak of, she was trapped.

Gretchen, who felt sorry for her helpless sister, decided to come to her aid, however, since Karma was being a bitch, she decided a little comeuppance was in order.

Karma needed to come out of the cubicle, put her hands against the wall and bend over to receive a good spanking from Gretchen and her friends, and, of course, since this was still a locker room open to the public, many a stranger was present here to witness Karma's humiliating punishment,

And so, as Karma found herself bent over, giving everyone an even better view of her pussy while three girls administered a sound spanking, she vowed to herself that she'd get revenge on her sister and make her pay for this humiliation twofold.
