The school bully
by Revengedpirate 

PART 8

It’s been two years since Ellie had her ordeal. Ellie had left school a few months after her television appearance. Her brother and sister had lost no time in showing the video to their friends and family. Now it was two years later, and Ellie was now 18 and off to college. (My last post was in January, her birthday being March.) Ellie was in a new town, with new people, No one here knew who she is or about her past. Ellie felt she could start fresh away from the utterly humiliating experience. She had gone off to college further north.
The experience had changed Ellie. She had lost some of her confidence, she was more often bullied rather than being the bully. It had taken her 12 weeks to get that bottle out of her mouth. Then a further 20 weeks before talking to anyone. It took her a further 30 weeks to apologize to all the people whom she had aggrieved in the past.
Going to college here was a completely fresh start, a new beginning for her, a way to forget her past, and she couldn’t wait.
At the new college, she was going to study to become a teacher. She was good at maths and English, so decided they would be her majors. Her major subjects, with a little science, P.E., R.E., geography, and music, to fall back on just in case she would become a substitute. It was now a couple of months in, and things were going well until Mrs. Roberts showed up.

6 years ago....

Mrs. Roberts had been 16 when she babysat a 12-year-old Ellie. The 12-year-old Ellie was an obnoxious little brat, always thinking she knew best. Mrs. Roberts hadn’t started at the school yet but needed some money so she could earn whilst studying to become a teacher. It all started a week before.
Mrs. Roberts had been out shopping with her then-boyfriend Danny. They were flirting but before long bumped quite literally into a flabbergasted Mrs. James. Ellie and her mum Clare had been having an argument and none of the four saw each other when they quite literally crashed into each other.
“Now look what you’ve done, why do you have to be so argumentative all the time?” Said Clare to Ellie.
“It’s O.K. We weren’t looking where we were going either.” Said Mrs. Roberts.
“Still if Ellie hadn’t lost another babysitter, we wouldn’t have been arguing in the first place.” Said Clare.
“Oh, you need a babysitter?” Asked Mrs. Roberts.
“Yes, unfortunately.” Said Clare.
“I’d be happy to babysit for you. I’m training to become a teacher. The experience would be good for me.” Said Mrs. Roberts.
Mrs. Roberts was newish in town and hadn’t heard about little Ellie’s reputation yet.
“Oh, that’d be so helpful. What’s your name?” Asked Clare.
“Nicola.” Said Mrs. Roberts.
It was now a week later, and Nicola headed over to Clare’s house to babysit Ellie for the first time. After Clare had given Nicola a list of contacts and Ellie’s evening structure Clare headed out leaving Ellie and Nicola alone for only the first time in their young lives.
Ellie was sitting in the front room playing video games when Nicola first tried to stamp her authority on the young girl.
“Ellie, you have ten minutes before you need to be in the bath.” Said Nicola Roberts.
“I could be in the bath in ten minutes, or you could.” Said Ellie slyly.
Nicola was taken aback.
“What do you mean?” Asked Nicola.
“Well, how about a game? If you win, I’ll get in the bath as soon as it is finished. If I win, however, I give you a bath.” Said, Ellie.
“No Ellie, you’re going in the bath in ten minutes.” Said, Nicola.
“Oh, so you’re scared of losing to a 12-year-old. Even though you have 4 years advantage?” Said, Ellie.
“I’m not scared of anything.” Said, Nicola.
“So, you will play against me?” Said, Ellie.
Nicola looked at the 12-year-old. She wouldn’t be beaten by her in a million years.
“Fine, I’ll play your game.” Said, Nicola.
“Good, and under the terms previously mentioned?” Said, Ellie.
“Yes, you can give me a bath if I lose.” Said, Nicola.
“Shake on it.” Said Ellie in her obnoxious way.
Nicola shook the young girl’s hand, and they played a computer game against each other. Ellie easily won against the 16-year-old.
“Bath time Nicola.” Said Ellie almost laughing.
Nicola couldn’t believe she had lost.
“It wasn’t fair, and I’m not being bathed by you.” Said, Nicola.
“Oh, you lost fair and square. I understand though, that a young mature adult like you doesn’t want to be bathed by a young girl like me. Here you are.” Said, Ellie.
Ellie handed Nicola’s handbag to her.
“Why have you given me, my handbag?” Asked Nicola curiously.
“Earlier tonight, I removed a certain object from it and hid it somewhere in my house. You’ll never find it unless I tell you where it is hidden, and I’ll only do that, if you do as you’re told and get ready for your bath right now young lady.” Said Ellie sternly.
“What have you taken?” Asked Nicola now rifling through her own handbag.
“A gold necklace.” Said, Ellie.
“No, that was my late mothers. You give that back you little girl.” Shouted Nicola.
“I already told you how to get it back, Let’s start with your trainers Nicola shall we?” Said Ellie in a scolding tone.
Nicola was angry and red in the face from anger, but the only person who knew where the necklace was hidden was this brat, and without her, she would never find it. Nicola tried to think calmly but the anger was in charge, and all she could do right now was obey. Maybe the brat would give in. Nicola took her white Converse off and threw them on the floor leaving Nicola in her white socks.
“Who’s a good girl? Now pass me your phone.” Said, Ellie.
Nicola took her phone out of her jeans pocket and gave it to Ellie. Ellie took the phone, unlocked it, pointed it at Nicola, and started to film.
“Good Girl Nicola, Now drop your jeans and throw them on the couch.” Said Ellie giggling.
Nicola was totally defeated, she unbuttoned her jeans, slid them down her legs, and threw them onto the couch.
“Good Nicola, now your T.,” said Ellie.
Nicola slowly lifted her T up and threw it onto the couch as well.
“Good Nicola, nice matching white underwear, especially love your thong.” Said, Ellie.
Nicola blushed red this time, the anger gone, to be replaced with embarrassment. Nicola wondered what piece of clothing would be next now she was standing in just her bra, knickers, and socks.
“You’re doing well, Nicola, now that lacy white bra of yours please.” Said, Ellie.
Nicola looked at Ellie. The little girl didn’t even look flustered.
“Please not my bra.” Said, Nicola.
“Your bra, or perhaps you’d like this film to go viral, and you’ll never see your mum’s necklace again.” Said Ellie vindictively.
Nicola started to shake as she reached around her back and started to unclip her bra.


PART 9

Nicola unclipped her bra and gently removed it before throwing it onto the couch. Her fillets went with it, leaving Nicola’s Flat chest on display, standing now only in a thong and socks.
“Hahaha, I didn’t realize you were a flat-chested little girl. I thought you were the older girl, doesn’t look like it now.” Said Ellie filled with cruel laughter.
Nicola looked shocked at the 12-year-olds attitude. She couldn’t believe such a young girl could be so mean and cruel.
“Oh, I forgot, the towels are hanging up outside in the back garden on the line. You’d better go get it.” Said, Ellie.
“What. No way, I’m not decent.” Said, Nicola.
“Oh, you’re not, are you? I have an idea about that.” Said Ellie giggling.
“What?” Asked Nicola.
“Take your thong off, then go fetch your bath towel.” Said, Ellie.
“I-I-I will go as I am,” said Nicola shaking.
“You will not. Off with your thong!!! Now.” Said, Ellie.
Nicola hooked her thumbs into the side of her thong and quickly whisked it down to get it over with. She looked up standing in just her socks. Throwing her thong onto the chair.
“Good. Now, Mrs. Roberts, you may fetch your towel.” Said Ellie, a mean grin across her face.
Nicola was shocked, and scared, she covered her pussy and small breasts and ran to the back door. Nicola sprinted through it into the back garden in just her socks. She quickly spotted the towel on the line and made a beeline straight for it. Suddenly the back garden was plunged into darkness, Nicola couldn’t see a thing, and the next thing she knew she had tripped over and landed head-first into some kind of watery substance, which was a little sticky. Nicola couldn’t see and didn’t know where the edge, of whatever it was, she was in, was. Whatever it was, was long, deep, with slippery sides.

Nicola’s head, and body submerged several times in her panic. Ellie had heard the crash and splashing about and turned the garden lights back on. Ellie doubled over in laughter, Nicola had landed in a giant wheelbarrow, which contained whitewash for the walls. Nicola was covered head to toe in the whitewash. Nicola looked almost like a ghost. Nicola, now able to see, scrambled out of the wheelbarrow and grabbed the towel on the line before returning to the back door.
“Good, post the towel through the cat flap.” Said Ellie giggling.
Nicola quickly did as she was told before trying to open the back door. The back door was locked.
“What’s going on? Let me in.” Said, Nicola.
“Post your socks through too and I’ll let you in.” Said, Ellie.
“Fine.” Said, Nicola.
Nicola pulled her socks off and posted them through too. Nicola was now naked head to toe, and completely white.
“Now Let me in.” Said, Nicola.
“I can’t let you in, you’ll get white paint all over the floors.” Said, Ellie.
“I’m going to need a bath now anyway, so let me in.” Said, Nicola.
“I can’t let you in. The bathroom is upstairs. I know, There’s a ladder over there. Grab that. The bathroom is at the front of the house. Use the ladder to climb up to the bathroom window, then simply climb straight into the bath from outside. It’s easy. I’ll go up and open the window for you.” Said, Ellie.
Ellie ran upstairs to her bedroom to watch naked Nicola’s progress. Nicola was embarrassed enough being outside, naked, white, and in the back garden. The front garden was next to the busy road, and someone was sure to spot her. Nicola was sure Ellie wouldn’t let her back in the house any other way. Nicola grabbed the ladder and ran with it to the front, put it against the wall, and started to climb up. It was only when she was at the top of the ladder Ellie opened the bathroom window. It was on the opposite side from where Nicola had just climbed up. There was a thin ledge between her and the open window.
Nicola was far too embarrassed and in far too much of a hurry to think clearly. She saw the quickest way to the window was across the ledge. Nicola quickly maneuvered onto the ledge. She reached up and was able to hold the bottom of the guttering, with her hands for balance. Nicola slowly made her way along, unfortunately, she couldn’t cover herself in any way. Nicola’s bare white bum was facing the busy road, every now and then she heard a honk.
After 5 minutes of shimmying along the ledge, Nicola made it to the bathroom window. The bathroom window was a three-quarter length piece of glass from top to bottom with a two-inch window across the top. Nicola would have to pull herself up to get through. Nicola grabbed the bottom of the windowsill and began to unceremoniously pull her naked self, upwards. Nicola was halfway through the window, when Ellie shut the window, trapping Nicola. Nicola’s naked bum and vagina were still outside, whilst Nicola’s small chest was inside.
It was then Nicola heard the sirens and saw the flashing lights of a police car. Nicola soon realized that the police car was starting to attract unwanted attention to her predicament. If it wasn’t bad enough, neighbours were coming out of their houses wondering what was going on, the police had taken out a powerful torch and lit Nicola’s white bare bum and pussy like a Christmas tree. Nicola still tried to fight with the window to get through it.
The light was on in the bathroom, making Nicola’s naked bottom half stand out even more, as the police put the ladder against the wall next to the left-hand side of the window. Nicola heard someone scramble up the ladder, and grab her left leg, making Nicola spread her legs wide. Nicola nearly passed out from embarrassment. Anyone down below would be getting an unobstructed view of her open backside and pussy lips. Nicola continued as hard as she could. Nicola tried to pull herself upwards and in through the window which was trapping her in place.
A second ladder joined the first on the right-hand side of the window, again Nicola heard a familiar scramble before feeling the grab on her right leg. Nicola’s legs were pulled so far apart she was almost doing the splits. The only thing, that gave Nicola, peace of mind, was the fact, no one outside could see who she was, or knew who it was, dangling butt naked out of a window. Suddenly the bathroom door opened, and in came two male firefighters, and Ellie.
“Please help my poor babysitter, she got locked out.” Said Ellie almost crying.
Nicola trying for dear life, to pull herself inside, couldn’t cover her naked body. Her flat chest was clearly visible to both firefighters.
“Don’t worry little girl, we will soon have you free.” Said the first firefighter to Nicola.
Nicola blushed crimson as a third and fourth firefighter walked in, this time one female and a male. The female walked over to the empty bathtub and stepped inside it. She grabbed Nicola’s left arm, whilst the fourth firefighter grabbed Nicola’s right arm. The other two grabbed the window.
“Right after three. One two three.” Shouted the first firefighter.
The window was lifted, and Nicola was slowly lowered back outside, and down the wall. Nicola’s arms were spread, and her small breasts were now on display for the huge crowd gathered outside. Nicola was spread like an eagle as she was slowly lowered back down to the ground. The firefighters upstairs had attached special ropes with which they could lower Nicola gently. The ropes were tight, and Nicola’s arms were pulled above her head. Her Hairy pussy, small chest, small bum, and face were all unobscured from the huge crowd. Nicola was in tears, and worst of all, when she finally got her feet on the ground, her arms weren’t freed for another few minutes, letting everyone in the crowd take pictures of her naked body in all its white glory.
When Nicola was freed a few moments later, she ran inside and up to the bathroom, crying as she went. Once inside the bathroom, Ellie had run the bath and forced Nicola into it. A few minutes later a policewoman and policeman came into the bathroom and started questioning the two girls, whilst Ellie bathed Nicola. The pictures never got out very far, but far enough for Nicola’s boyfriend to see them and dump her, and for Nicola to lose her training course and must move, town to finish her course. Nicola vowed to get her revenge on Ellie, and 3 years later she had it.
