Something pulled me from my deep, comfortable sleep. I’m not sure what it was, but suddenly I was wide-awake and staring at the shadows made by the light of the full moon through the trees. They played across the ceiling and walls hypnotically and for a long time I watched them and listened to the rhythmic sound of my husband’s breathing.
It was when he began snoring slightly that I finally got out of bed. Snoring drives me crazy and I resisted the urge to wake him. He’d been working so hard and really needed to sleep, I just couldn’t be that self-centered. As I pulled myself from the warmth of our bed, I glanced at the clock. It was just past midnight; I’d only been asleep for about an hour.
The French doors to the balcony were open and a warm breeze wafted over me, scented with the night blooming flowers I’d planted when we first moved into our dream home. I pulled my white silk robe around me and followed the fragrance onto the moonlight-drenched balcony.
I’ve never understood why people describe nighttime as being quiet. Summer nights are filled with sound… the wind chimes on the front porch tolled mournfully, countless crickets sang their songs of courtship, and in the tree above me a bird cooed. Was he calling for a mate?
I lifted my face to the sky and smiled up at the moon, breathing in the heady fragrance of the jasmine mixed with the cool earthy scent of the night. The breeze played through my hair with the familiarity of an old lover and pulled my diaphanous robe open. I made no move to cover my nakedness. No one lived close enough to see onto our balcony and there was a strange freedom in being nude outdoors.
Sighing contentedly, I smiled to myself. What was this feeling? Happiness? Bliss? My life was certainly far from perfect, but at the moment every day stresses were nowhere to be felt. I hummed the melody of our first dance from our wedding to myself and leaned on the railing to look upon my flower garden below.
Feeling the sudden need to walk through the dew-dampened grass and commune with my plants and flowers I began to turn to make my way downstairs. An arm around my waist stopped me in mid-motion and I was pulled into my husband’s embrace, his breath hot on my neck. I melted into him, resting my head in the crook of his neck.
“What are you doing up, Connor?” I whispered.
He nuzzled me, kissing my neck. “I woke up to hold you and you weren’t there,” he said in a soft voice.
The touch of Connor’s lips sent charges of electric desire through me and I groaned. My head rolled back against his shoulder as he swept a gentle hand over the sensitive skin between my breasts. With his chin he pushed aside my hair and nibbled on my earlobe. I squealed and the bird in the tree above answered back.
I started to smile, but suddenly Connor’s lips were on mine. Our mouths joined and moved against each other. Reaching up with one arm, I pulled him in closer. As our tongues touched I ran my fingers through his silky black hair.
The kiss broke and we said nothing, but just looked into each other’s eyes. In the daylight his eyes would be a warm chocolate brown, but now they were black as onyx in the color leaching moonlight. He traced my jawbone with his thumb, his expression warm and loving. We smiled at each other, not speaking and barely moving.
Slowly and gently, Connor began to caress my breasts. My nipples hardened with his touch. I let my weight fall into his arms and arched backward. His head dipped down as he took one nipple into his mouth and sucked at it gently. I felt my breathing quicken and twisted my fingers in his long hair, silently demanding he increase the pressure.
He complied, sucking the nipple over his teeth, causing me to shudder and whimper against him. With his free hand, he reached down to play with the moisture that had arisen between my legs. He knew exactly where my most sensitive place was and went right for it, stroking the moisture over my clitoris. My hips lurched at the pleasure and I clung to him, groaning softly.
Then I was weightless, I couldn’t feel the floor beneath my feet. It took me a moment to realize he’d picked me up and was carrying me somewhere. Back to bed? No. He gently sat me down on the nearby wicker sofa, and spreading my legs, he knelt before me.
When his tongue began to delve into my heat I fell back into the cushions, pushing myself against him. Oh, he knew just what I liked! I caressed his hair as he pleasured me, our eyes several times meeting briefly before a wave of orgasm would cause mine to involuntarily close.
Biting my lip, I tried to remain quiet when he sucked my clitoris into his mouth. The sensation of his teeth gently stroking the fragile skin was incredible. I heard my voice echo into the distance in spite of my effort to hold it back.
He slipped a finger inside of me while his mouth caressed my swollen sex and I finally lost it. I cried out unrestrained now, my hips rocking against Connor’s mouth. When I heard that bird returned my cry with his song I almost laughed aloud. Looking up with dizzy eyes I saw the little feathered beast gawking at us!
But I was too excited to care. I pulled Connor away from his task and kissed him softly, tasting myself of his lips, begging with my body for him to love me…
My husband entered me slowly, lovingly, as we stretched out across the seat of the sofa. I loved the sensation of him on top of me, the way his long hair caressed my face as he hovered over me.
Our eyes locked as he moved within me. I think I was muttering something, but I can’t recall what. I felt myself panting at the friction of his erection inside me. I caressed his back; trying not to dig my nails into his flesh in response to the pleasure he gave me.
“You are so beautiful,” he murmured, cupping the back of my head in his hand. I didn’t say anything back, but the passion in his voice aroused me further. The pace quickened and we moved together, almost swimming in our passion. Waves of orgasm rocked through me and I began to cry out…
“Oh God! Oh Connor!” I cried.
Then his lips were on mine again, absorbing and swallowing my moans.
His breathing sped up and his body tensed in my arms. I felt him begin to shudder, his hips bucking wildly as he came. His motions pulled one last orgasm from me and we cried out together and into one another. Then finally we collapsed, sated and exhausted, breathing heavily and clinging to one another tightly.
He held me close as reality slowly returned to us. I moaned with one last breath of disappointed pleasure as he moved his hips and withdrew himself from me. We snuggled into the warm bliss of loving afterglow.
“I love you so much, Anne,” he whispered in his sleepy voice.
I smiled and gently kissed his forehead. “I love you, too.”
The bird cooed dolefully in the tree above us. I glanced up at him; his avian eyes twinkled at me. Can birds feel envy? As I fell into slumber a wish formed in my heart... a yearning for a new life to be formed as a result of our physical love.