                                 Captured
                              By Lust 4 Life

Mabel joins an exploration mission to Africa where her party is taken prisoner. She is the 
only woman in the group and soon finds she has gained the interest of the chieftain.
MF, Impreg

Explorations	

Mabels mind raced as she waited in the hut. Everything was going wrong and she wasnt 
sure how to get out of this mess. When her husband had joined the expedition to explore the 
interior of Africa, she had insisted on going along. The protests by the men that this was not 
an adventure for women had not dissuaded her and she had remained adamant about going 
until her husband had finally acquiesced and allowed her to join them. To be sure, the 
journey had been difficult but she was resolved not to complain or let the men tell her they 
had told her so.

But then one day all of the black porters had suddenly disappeared and soon the camp was 
surrounded by almost naked black warriors armed with spears. At first the blacks seemed 
curious about the whites, tentatively touching their skin and hair, so different from that of 
the blacks. But soon, the members of the expedition were bound and marching at spear 
point. After what seemed like hours they came to a village of grass and wood huts. Word of 
their arrival had evidently preceded them as many of the villagers were waiting and 
watched them arrive. Mabel was a bit disconcerted to see children running naked, women 
with bare exposed breasts, and men and women wearing apparel which barely covered 
their privates. Well, this isnt England, and these are savages she thought.

At this point their captors had separated them, leading Mabel to the hut in which she now 
found herself. Truth be told, not only was Mabel worried about the expedition and their 
fate, but she was having some gnawing doubts about her virtue. Surely these black savages 
wouldnt dare violate a white woman? Would they? Were they even sophisticated enough 
to know they shouldnt? Why had they separated her from the men?

The Chieftain

Now a guard appeared and gestured for her to follow. With as much dignity as she could 
muster, Mabel followed him, out of the hut and into a much more elaborate hut. On a raised 
chair sat an impressively large, muscular black man, obviously the chieftain. Armed guards 
stood on either side of him, while bare breasted women waved large leaves as fans behind 
him. The men who brought her bowed to the chieftain and when she remained standing, they 
roughly threw her to the dirt floor.

At a command from the chieftain they stood and dragged Mabel back to her feet. He 
beckoned and one of her guards gave her a nudge toward the chieftain. She slowly 
approached. He looked her up and down, beckoned her closer, and then reached out and 
touched the exposed skin on her arm in curiosity. Then giving a wave of his hand, he 
barked a command. The guards quickly led her from the hut. Mabel knew she had somehow 
been evaluated but was not sure how or for what purpose. The guards led her to a different 
hut, larger than the one she had been kept in before, but smaller than the chieftains. At the 
entrance stood two large, armed guards. Her guards spoke quickly to the guards at the 
entrance to the hut. One of them leaned toward the door and called in a low voice. A 
womans voice answered and a quick conversation followed. Then Mabel was pushed 
toward the door but the men made no move to follow her. Tentatively, Mabel stepped 
through the door.

The hut obviously consisted of several rooms. The room she had entered contained several 
women, each wearing an obscenely short skirt which showed off not only their calves, but 
also part of their thighs. And they were all topless. While most of the women were young 
and rather shapely, one older, larger woman seemed to be in charge. She said something to 
Mabel, but Mabel could not understand a word. The woman then pointed at Mabel and 
made some obvious gestures indicating that Mabel should take off her clothes. Then the 
woman called out something and soon a young woman appeared bearing what appeared to 
be one of the short skirts. The older woman took it and held it out to Mabel. When Mabel 
continued to stand there, somewhat confused  they couldnt possibly expect her to remove 
her clothes and wear only that?  the woman spoke again, louder this time and pointed 
more emphatically at Mabel indicating that she should remove her clothes. What was 
going on here? she wondered. They surely couldnt expect her to walk around dressed in 
only that?

Finally Mabel slowly started to remove her clothes. As she did so, several other young 
women passed through the room, some obviously pregnant with swelling bellies of various 
sizes. Blushing, feeling the heat in her face, Mabel finally removed her long dress and was 
hurriedly fumbling to get the obscenely short skirt they obviously wanted her to wear on. 
But the matron spoke again and stepping forward stopped her and pointed to her 
underclothes. Surely they didnt expect her to remove those also and wear the skirt with 
nothing on underneath? But it was soon apparent that that was exactly what she was 
supposed to do. Finally, she was dressed only in the skirt, coming mid-way down her 
thighs, and barely covering her pubic patch, leaving the rest of her body naked.

Now the matron called out and several more young women appeared. The matron indicated 
that Mabel should sit and soon two of the women were working with her hair, while a third 
rubbed some sort of pleasant smelling oil into her skin. Again Mabel was embarrassed by 
the intimate touches as the women, with apparent unconcern rubbed the oil all over her, 
including her naked breasts. Finally they seemed satisfied with their work.

Once again the matron called out and three more young women appeared, two of them 
obviously pregnant. The matron motioned for Mabel to follow her and calling out headed 
for the door. Mabel hesitated  she couldnt go out in public dressed (or more accurately 
undressed) like this! But the matron gestured impatiently and the other women (all similarly 
dressed) pushed her forward. The newly arrived three young women followed behind 
Mabel as the matron led them out. The two guards who had brought Mabel to this hut were 
still there and joined the retinue. But instead of acting like captors, they now appeared to 
act more as protector guards, following the matron as she led. And she led back toward the 
chieftains hut. My god! she thought, They are going to take me almost naked back into 
the throne room! In front of the chieftain!

This time when they entered the chieftains hut there were only two guards, one on either 
side of the throne, and the two fan women. Everyone else was gone. The guards who had 
accompanied the women back to the hut remained outside this time. The matron led the 
women up to the Chieftain and spoke briefly to him. He again looked Mabel up and down, 
this time with much more evident approval. He again motioned for her to approach.

Mabel approached slowly, reluctantly, very aware of her naked breasts. The chieftain 
motioned her closer. He started to reach out his hand toward one of her breasts and she 
tried to step backward. However, fast as lightning, the chieftains large hand flashed out, 
catching her by the wrist and pulling her roughly back toward him. He said something loud, 
harsh sounding, and with his other hand slapped her hard. Mabel was dazed and confused 
as he again reached out and this time touched, then squeezed her breasts. His stern look 
softened slightly, then he reached out and lifted her short skirt, looking directly at her naked 
pussy.


Standing, he headed through a door behind his throne and the matron followed. Mabel was 
impressed in spite of herself. Like the women, the man was naked from the waist up, and 
wore a short animal skin around his waist. His skin glistened, and rippled with obviously 
strong muscles. His arms and legs were like chiseled stone, his body tapered, with rippling 
muscles in his back. They headed into a room with soft animal skins on the floor and 
pillows strewn about. The matron and the two pregnant women sat down on the furs and 
motioned Mabel to join them, which she did. The woman who was not pregnant now 
approached the chieftain and wantonly rubbing her naked breasts against his chest reached 
up and kissed him, while lewdly grinding her pelvis against him. His hands roamed over 
her body, her ass, her breasts, for a few moments. Then the woman stepped back and undid 
a clasp on the chieftains clothing, letting it drop to the ground.

Mabel was amazed. She was shocked thinking to herself, My lord, these two savages are 
going to mate right here in front of me! Have they no decency? No shame? And, she was 
amazed at the enormous black penis and testicles hanging from the man. Then the woman 
did something Mabel had never imagined, she dropped to her knees and took the chieftains 
penis into her mouth. Mabel was revolted at the idea, but could not tear her eyes away. As 
she watched, the mans penis rapidly swelled in the womans mouth, quickly growing to an 
enormous size. It was huge, both in width and length, with a large purple head glistening 
with the womans saliva, and veins running around it. It was now standing straight out from 
his patch of pubic hair.

Mabel wondered what they would do next. Would they mate right there? But then the 
chieftain turned and approached Mabel, his erection waving in front of him. Now she 
realized the matron was saying something to her and looking at her, she saw the matron 
motioning for her to do something, it looked like the matron wanted her to lay down. At 
first Mabel was puzzled, but when the two pregnant women, one on each side of her, 
started pushing her back and the chieftain knelt in front of her, the awful truth finally 
dawned on Mabel. With a shriek she cried No! and tried to get up. The chieftain gave her 
another hard slap followed by a push which sent her sprawling. Immediately the matron 
grabbed her arms while each of the pregnant women grabbed a leg, spreading Mabel wide, 
lewdly displaying her most private parts to the lusting eyes of this large black savage.

Mabel tried to struggle, but the three women were each much stronger than Mabel, and the 
matron knew how to pinch her here, or poke there, to cause incredible pain when Mabel 
struggled. Now she lay limp, moaning, No, no as the inevitability of her immediate future 
became clear. Meanwhile, the chieftain reached out with his hand, a slightly curious look 
on his face, and ran his finger through Mabels pubic hair, along her slit, and then slipped it 
inside her. To her amazement, his finger slid in easily, her pussy was wet despite her 
revulsion. The chieftain withdrew his finger and holding it up to his nose, sniffed it. He 
apparently liked what he smelled because he broke into a grin, while Mabel was disgusted, 
thinking he was sniffing her like a male dog sniffing a bitch in heat.

Now the man started to move forward, his erect black penis sticking out, eager for her, and 
Mabel knew she was about to be ravished by this black savage, that he was about to sink 
his shaft in her and sate his animal lust in her loins, spewing his seed into her womb. And 
these barbarian women were not only going to witness her total humiliation, but were 
actively helping. She tried to struggle one last time, but the women held her firm as the 
chieftain brought the enormous head of his engorged prick to her pussy. She watched 
mesmerized as the slit at the end disappeared and she felt it nudging her defenseless 
vagina. And then she felt it starting to slide in. She watched the black shaft piercing her 
body, his balls hanging down behind. And she felt him stretching her, filling her with his 
presence. She was revolted, disgusted, more ashamed and humiliated than she had ever 
been in her life, and yet, the feeling of his huge throbbing warmth filling her, was something 
she could not ignore. She risked a glance at the pregnant women holding her legs  they 
were grinning at her. Mabel realized they had each taken this man, this same cock, into 
their vaginas and accepted his seed. Oh my god! Mabel realized not only was she being 
raped by the black savage, she might actually become pregnant with his black child!

The chieftain had by now sunk all the way into her. She could feel his cock twitching inside 
her, filling her, the head pushed up against her cervix. Now she looked up and the man had 
a satisfied grin on his face. He scrunched his hips, seating himself even deeper inside her 
and reached down to squeeze one of her breasts. He said something she didnt understand, 
and the women chuckled. And then he began moving inside her, fucking her, sliding his 
cock in and out of her pussy. And Mabel knew, working himself to orgasm, preparing 
himself to spew the seed from his black balls deep inside her. She felt the friction of his 
dick inside her, the stretching of her pussy on each stroke as the head drove up her tunnel 
and bumped her cervix, the grinding of his pubic bone against hers, the slap of his balls on 
her ass. To her dismay, she could feel herself getting wetter and she could feel a fire 
starting in her pussy, a need for more of the pounding she was getting. To her dismay, she 
could not lay still and simply let him use her. Instead, she found her hips twitching in time 
to his rhythm as the fire in her loins continued to smolder, growing more intense with each 
stroke of his huge cock.

The man above her was panting now, driving hard into her body. Much as she tried to 
suppress them, the feelings kept growing in her loins. Mabel was vaguely aware that the 
other women had released her now and were watching her getting fucked. Finally the 
smoldering fire in her pussy burst into flames  the feelings were too much to resist, and of 
its own accord, her body began driving back onto the prick that was pounding into her. She 
was reaching for an orgasm, she had to have one. She was barely aware of the sounds of a 
woman moaning and grunting in animalistic sexual passion, mating, not realizing it was 
herself. Her being was centered on the cock driving into her, the balls slapping her ass, the 
act of pro-creation taking place inside her body. And then she was there, bucking on the 
chieftains prick, thrashing out of control, wailing in ecstasy. And then she felt the man 
between her legs jam into her and groan as she felt a new pulsing and a sudden hot liquid 
warmth deep inside her which spread a satisfying warmth through her most intimate areas.

Finally the chieftains cock began to shrink inside her and he pulled himself back and out 
and rolled over laying on his back on the furs, his cock glistening with the juices of the 
recent mating. As she slowly came back to reality, Mabel realized the chieftain had just 
cum inside her, emptied his balls in her pussy and that the spreading warmth she felt was 
his cream coating her insides, burrowing into her womb. As she lay there grappling with 
this reality, one of the pregnant women bent over the chieftain and slowly licked and 
sucked him clean. Eventually the chieftain stood, put his loin cloth back on, and returned to 
the public part of the tent.

Mabel tried to get up, but the women again held her down. One of them rubbed Mabels 
belly and then pointed to her own swelling belly. Mabel realized they were going to make 
her lay here for a while to give the chieftains sperm time to work its way deeper inside 
her on its mission of reproduction.

Harem Life

After an hour, she was allowed up, dressed, and led back outside where the guards 
accompanied her back to what Mabel now realized was the harem tent. The next day, 
Mabel watched as one of the other young women was prepared. However, this woman 
seemed excited about the preparations and obviously wanted everything just right. Soon 
she left with the matron and the guards. About 2 hours later she returned, grinning and 
somewhat disheveled. Mabel presumed she had been eagerly mating with the chieftain. 
And why not? Mabel wondered. For one of the women of the village, to bear children 
with the chieftain was probably as good as it could get. But she, Mabel, was not a simple 
native woman. She was from England, a land of culture and refinement where people 
controlled their animal instincts.

But the next day, the matron again summoned Mabel and began preparing her, working her 
hair, applying oil to her skin. Knowing it was probably futile, Mabel tried half heartedly to 
resist, but the matron was having none of it. Soon Mabel was prepared in a short skirt and 
topless, and again her little entourage left the harem tent and proceeded to the chieftains 
tent. This time the chieftain simply stood and led the way into the back room with the furs. 
After she entered, the chieftain approached her and cupped her breasts in his hands, 
massaging them, and then reaching down, he undid her skirt and ran his hands over her 
pussy, running his finger through her slit. He looked up grinning. Now he dropped his loin 
cloth and pulling her to him, lewdly ground his crotch against hers, his cock rubbing against 
her pussy as he pulled on her ass. Her naked tits rubbed against his chest. The feel of his 
wiry hair on her nipples sent tingles through her body, as did, she hated to admit it, the feel 
of his semi-rigid cock rubbing against her pussy.

The feelings starting to flow through her body reminded her both of the ecstasy of her 
orgasm the other day, as well as her humiliation at being fucked by this black savage, and 
of having the other women watching her, watching her not only getting fucked, by giving in 
and enthusiastically participating. Mabel again found herself moving her body against the 
chieftains in order to stimulate herself more, the need in her loins growing by the moment. 
Soon the chieftain stopped and holding her, sank down onto the furs. The other women did 
not hold her down this time, Mabel knew resistance was futile and her need made her 
almost anxious to feel the chieftains large black dick slipping into her hole.

She lay back, spreading her legs in invitation, and watched as the chieftain again crawled 
between her legs and once again brought the large smooth head of his penis into contact 
with her pussy, before sliding inside her. Soon she felt his pubic bone grinding against 
hers, his balls nestled against her ass, and his cock head pressed against her cervix as he 
flexed inside her, savoring the feel of her pussy on his cock. Once again he began moving 
inside her, fucking her, driving his black rod in and out of her pussy. And once again, 
Mabel began to respond, fucking back at him, meeting his thrusts. But this time she was 
responding sooner, more consciously. Soon they were driving hard against each other, her 
pussy squeezing, massaging his cock, his cock stretching her pussy, bumping her cervix. 
She knew that once again her body was welcoming his, urging his to release his seed inside 
her, that soon he would enjoy the pleasure of shooting his sperm from the end of his cock 
deep inside her pussy, filling her, possibly impregnating her. But there was nothing she 
could do about it except enjoy the ride. And she knew the other women were watching her, 
watching her loose control in her own drive to orgasm, watching her take his offering 
inside her body, and if this continued, as it appeared it would, eventually becoming 
pregnant with his black child.

By now the chieftain was grunting in pleasure as his cock plowed in her pussy, and Mabel 
was gasping and groaning in return as she drove herself faster and faster onto his cock, 
seeking her own orgasm. As their bodies continued to pound together she felt it getting 
closer, and closer, and then she cried out and her body went stiff as the pleasure washed 
over her. As she started to come down from the peak, she saw the chieftain grinning, 
knowing he had made her cum on his cock, and she could feel his body tensing. She knew 
he was almost there, ready to spray her insides. She felt his cock growing larger and harder 
inside her, and then with a lurch, she felt his cock pulse heavily as he jammed himself 
against her and she knew he was shooting his cum into her. Now she felt the steady 
throbbing of his cock as it squirted jet after jet of his baby juice into her.

This time, after he pulled out, she just laid still letting his cum soak deeper into her as one 
of the pregnant women cleaned him off with her mouth. Later, walking back to the harem 
tent, she could feel some of his deposit starting to run out of her. She also saw several of 
the black warriors of the village looking at her in her little entourage, and realized they 
probably knew she had just been fucked by the chieftain, that she was carrying his sperm in 
her belly.

Life Goes On

The routine continued. She did not catch the first month, to her great relief, but not for lack 
of trying on the chieftains part. She was summoned to his quarters at least twice a week. 
Once, while going to between the harem tent and the chieftains tent, she passed some of 
the Englishmen going the other direction under armed guard. She was hideously 
embarrassed, being seen topless and in such a short skirt, which showed off most of her 
legs. She just hoped they had no idea what else she was going through.

As the routine continued and Mabel accepted the inevitability of her position, she became 
at least a partially enthusiastic participant, taking joy in the physical pleasure of their 
couplings. One time she was even brought along to accompany one of the native women as 
she was mated with the chieftain. As Mabel watched the couple fucking, she felt a longing 
in her loins and almost wished it were she who was riding the chieftains large cock. She 
watched with hunger as he lunged into his mate and she saw his ass cheeks clenching as he 
ejaculated inside her.

At the end of the second month, her period did not arrive and she knew the inevitable had 
happened. One of the millions of sperm the chieftain had been pumping into her womb had 
found her egg and penetrated it to create new life, a baby half hers, and half his, that would 
grow in her belly, and eventually, enter the world with a cry, from between her legs. In the 
meantime, her belly would grow, a clear and obvious sign of her fertility, or her coupling 
with the chieftain, a sign for all the world to know that she had been successfully mated.

