Primus Pilum - Part Five - By Mack the Knife

Lady Emogen stood in the accuseds box facing the Judicator. Her chin was held high, but her eyes betrayed the anger and resentment she felt.

The Praetor sat in the high throne, watching the proceedings, not speaking. His eyes ever moved over the assembled crowd. They were here to witness the trial, to see a noble brought low. Such was great entertainment for the commoners. Even if that noble was one very popular with most folk, always some few wished to see someone elses misery.

Vultures, he thought, one and all. How I love you fine folk.

Sendrus, despite his shortcomings in personal integrity was a fine orator, the Praetor had to admit. He presented his case against Emogen eloquently, and with much emotional impact. Several times, the crowd, enraged at the accusations and proofs he provided, rose up, screaming obscenities at the lady. A few even hurled rotten fruit and had to be removed from the courtroom, though they were usually let back in after a few minutes.

Go on, Senator, said Justicar Ulanis, leaning on staff and eyeing the lady warily.

Senator Sendrus smiled, Thank you, Justicar, he said. "As you can see, Lady Emogen used her position, as well as considerable mystical knowledge to manipulate the Senate and our illustrious Praetor into sending Primus Pilum Verus, into harm's way under the guise of an offer of peaceful resolution. A resolution neither she nor the Windy Islanders wished. They aimed to make Verus captive and use elven means to rip the knowledge from his mind, such a great leader of men he was. However, his heroism thwarted them and he fell fighting them to his last breath." He glared at Emogen with hatred and disgust. "He died a Hero of Abia, due to this vile woman's machinations."

The crowd growled again, the volume rising to the point that the Justicar had to pound his staff on the flagstones to silence them. "Severe charges, indeed, Senator," said the Justicar. He turned toward the accused as she stood stoic and silent.

"Have you words to say in your defence, Lady Emogen?" asked Ulanis, glaring at her.

She simply returned the hateful stare and set her jaw defiantly.

"An indefensable position, I see," said the Praetor, playing to the crowd. There was a ripple of laughter in the mass of people in the gallery.

The Justicar walked around from behind his podium and regarded her. "I have little choice, Lady Emogen," he said, with what sounded like true regret. "Despite the good works that have been done by your hands, deeds, and words, we must punish treason. Even if it be inspired by noble goals, such as you saw them." He was now feeding into the rumors that she was subverted by elven spies. "Therefore, I must pass punishment. As you know, a noble cannot be simply put to death, as we do commoners who commit a crime of such immensity. You are stripped of title, to be sold at the first opportunity in closed auction. You will live out your life the sole property of another, and live and die by their whim."

At those words, two guards stepped forward and ripped the gown from her back, leaving her nude before the crowd. Her lovely, slender body was exposed to the catcalls and more hurled fruit. A tomato splattered over her breast, red fluid sliding down her body like thin blood. She was then draped in a gray tunic that covered only to mid thigh, with no ornamentation and only holes for the arms and head. A collar was snapped about her neck, with a chain, like a vicious dog might be collared.

She was then led, with a sharp jerk of the chain, from the courtroom, the jeers of the crowd chased her down the narrow stair to the slave pens.

Emogen was hurled, unceremoniously, into the womens holding pen, rolling onto the dirt floor. Her chain was fastened to a loop outside the cell, then the cage closed. Other women were huddled in the room, some collared as she was, others not. After a moment, she looked up at one group of them. They eyed her dubiously for a moment then one approached, walking upright, rather than the slouch most slaves adopted in the cells.

You are among friends here, firstborn, the woman said, in elven. She knelt beside the disgraced noblewoman and held a wooden cup to her lips. It was stale water, but after many hours in the courtroom, with nothing to wet her lips, she welcomed it heartily.

The woman, a tall, heavyset Islander, from the look of her, led Emogen back to the knot of women she had been sitting with. I am Aresia, said the woman, still speaking accented, but passable elven. She gave a curt elven-style head bow. I was a ranger, and these others were militia.

That the elven-speaking woman was a ranger was little surprise, they would be the most likely among men of the Windy Isles to speak elven, as most were trained in Windir. I am named Emogen, said the noblewoman. But, I am not elvenborn, I am half-elven, she explained, giving her own head-bow, with a small hand gesture indicating humility in her introduction. It was an older form of communication, and probably lost on the humans, but she felt she should do it.

Your ears have points, and you are very beautiful. You are an elf in our eyes, the muscular woman said, and then laughed.

Emogen forced a smile onto her lips. You honor me, she said quietly. One of the Other slaves moved to their group from another and murmured a few words to the large, strong-looking woman, then scuttled off, casting furtive glances back at Emogen.

The large woman looked at her a moment. She said you were a Syrisian noble, said Aresia.

I was, but now they have branded me a traitor, and turned to your side of the war, explained Emogen, suddenly very much more worried than she was before.

Did you? asked Aresia, looking rather dubious.

Emogen decided that she had little to lose, the worst that could happen was that the slaves turned on her and killed her before that animal, Sendrus, could take possession of her and destroy her. All in all, I would rather die at the gentle hands of these folk. I am on the side of ending the war, which was what I was doing when I was betrayed by the Praetor and Senator Sendrus, she said.

The woman digested these words for a long moment, the other slaves just gave her hard, rather unkind looks in the meantime. I believe you, said the large woman, finally shifting to a smiling visage. Anyone who has earned the ire of the Praetor must be someone I can trust. She reached out a meaty hand and patted Emogens shoulder.

- - - - - - - - - - -

Verus stood next to the pilots position on the Rethallin, he was receiving rather odd looks from the crew about the deck, human and elf alike. He supposed he could not blame them. He had issued a dozen odd orders since they had sailed around the eastern tip of the Island. Undria and his aide, Vendithan, were even looking at him a bit askance, but so far, they were willing to humor him.

Primary to their continued cooperation was Undrias confidence that he knew what he was doing. She had read extensively of his exploits of years past, and was confident, in her heart, that he was up to something clever. He only hoped he had not yet run out of cleverness, or more to the point, that his enemies had not come into a large supply of it.Rethallin 

They were cruising under full sail, every yard of cloth on the masts, and making amazing time. The trimaran sliced the water like a sword, leaving roostertails behind the main pylons supporting her over the water. When they had caught a bit of a tailwind, they had even done something called hydroplaning as the elven crewmen announced, which was apparently something of a good omen among them. For a few hours, they had flown along, skimming the waves with the sponsons above the water, skittering like a hurled stone on a lake. It had felt terribly unstable to Verus, but the elven crew was exhilarated by it.

Less thrilled were they when they started being fitted with sailcloth slave outfits, designed to go over their mail vests. He had discovered Vendithan could maintain illusory disguises over about a score of men, but needed far more than that for what he wanted. The elven guardsmen would work well for that, were ideal, in fact, due to their innate speed and the shock value alone. The score of illusory disguises would be used on their guards, to make them appear as Abian Legionnaires. These would be played by rangers. Another twenty rangers would be among the elven prisoners, also dressed as slaves.

Undria approached him from across the broad deck. We near Remless, he said to her as she approached. How went your conversation with Ghurian?

He says that they have challenged and defeated two galleons, and that one of our galleons reported sighting the Amthallin moving southwards, they converge in the morning to intercept her as she nears port. She rattled off these words in a short tone, as if she were eager to discuss other matters.

Verus ignored her apparent urgency. Do you think he suspects were up to something? he asked.

No, she said, he trusts me. Her hazel eyes turned to him. I damn well better be correct in trusting you.

Verus eyes grew distant, as if he could see Remless on the ribbon on coast to their right. You are, he said. Unless betrayed, my loyalty does not falter.

She sighed mightily then turned to follow his rightward gaze. This is about more than just ending the war, isnt it? she asked.

Yes, he said, its about justice, too.

Will the price be great? she asked. To our men, I mean.

Perhaps, said Verus. But for this price, justice will be served, and shes a woman who deserves mens loyalty even more than the honorable Ghurian.

Undria nodded.

Less than an hour, Commander Undria, please ensure the men and elves are ready, said Verus.

Yes, sir, she said, giving him one of those modified Abian salutes that he found so difficult to duplicate before trotting off the main helm deck.

Over the next hour, men were replacing the elven crew in the rigging and about the ship. The hastily-trained rangers were not nearly the sailors, and the ship slowed considerably over that period. Much sail was pulled in and she was only making a speed slightly greater than a galleon normally did.

Verus expected this, and figured that the Amthallin probably sailed like this, or only slightly better. An elven artisan murmured something to the captain of the Rethallin, and the captain relayed that the name had been changed on the prow and aft ends. A hastily but well-crafted Abian banner was hoisted up the mainmast to flap bravely in the quickening breezes. Soon, no elves were visible on the decks of the ship, only men, dressed as closely to sailors in homespun and borrowed garments as they could manage. All of them were rangers, and their gear of war was near to hand.

This plan would not work if they did not achieve near total surprise on the forces defending Remless.

- - - - - - - - - -

The Praetor sat at the long banquet table with the justicar, Ulanis, and Sendrus. Sendrus was standing near the massive bay windown that overlooked, of all things, the bay. The lady is being coddled by the other slaves, much to my chagrin, said Sendrus, glowering out at the glimmering waters of the scenic little bay.

Dont begrudge her some last moments of comfort, Sendrus, said the Praetor. Youll disabuse her of any notion of comfort, soon enough, I warrant.

Sendrus grinned at the reflection of the Praetor in the glass. Yes, yes I will, he said, a distant and very unsettling gleam growing in his eyes. I want to thank you, justicar, for a very well-run courtroom.

Ulanis shrugged. It is how my courtroom is run, Senator, he said, humbly. I trust this balances the ledger between us, Praetor?

Of course, Justicar Ulanis, replied the Praetor. Until I need your services again, anyway, he thought.

There was a lot of activity down, below on the streets of Remless, a ship was coming in, apparently. Watchtowers down the coast were signaling, using mirrors and fires, to the towns port master, and he would relay messages to those who needed informing as to what was approaching. Apparently, a large ship was inbound.

There was near silence in the room as they ate and drank, each tending to his own thoughts. Ah, the Veria Prima makes her trips hastily, to be sure, said Sendrus, watching the captured trimaran slip into the port. We will be able to move those legions in mere days with her, she but left day before yesterday, and already she returns.

Out in the bay, the Veria slid through the water toward the docks. People on the docks milled about, preparing for the unloading of booty from the Isles. Eagerly, slave traders were moving toward where the slaves would be marched past, to get a first look at the morrows wares for the auction block.

The massive ship slowed, and nuzzled up to the longest dock, dropping her mighty gangplanks and slaves began to be hustled off the ship, over a hundred of them.

The Praetor nearly drooled in excitement over how much money he was about to make. The palace was barely a hundred yards from the docks, situated to give the governor or his guests, as now sat in the chamber, a commanding view of the port facilities. Sendrus smiled as well, watching the prisoners being prodded by their legionnaire guards and hustled into a long double file.

Verus stood on the deck, watching the elven High Guard being herded into ranks. The long slave shifts concealed their armor, and their warswords were tucked up underneath, tied to their armpits. He just hoped that no one grew bold enough, too soon, and grabbed one of them by hand, and felt the mail.

As soon as they enter the slave compound next to the palace, you are to loose the hounds, said Verus. Come hell or glory, we shall free those slaves AND capture that bastard of a Praetor. Undria nodded and moved off to where she could see the remaining three hundreds of rangers, waiting just belowdecks. Her second, Nolduro, was delaying the dock workers from boarding, explaining that some prisoners had to be killed and there was gore everywhere that was being cleaned up. It would not hold the eager folk on the docks for long.

Verus walked over to the three ballistae amidship. Aim for the palace, I want men able to slide those cables directly into the palace itself. A clever system of pullies and gears would hoist the near end of a mooring cable to the top of the main mast, and allow boarders to slide down them and onto captive ships. He aimed to make good use of that feature to avoid the crowded streets between the ship and the palace, just as soon as the battle started.

Four legions were posted near Remless. One of them within the town itself. It would take time for the other three to get into town, and he hoped to be long gone before that. However, he had to stop the one in town overwhelming or pinning them down before they did. That was Undrias job. She was going to lay siege, in an instant, to the small fortress south of the palace, using her small army of rangers. At least, she was going to make the legion in that fort believe they were under siege. With Vendithan hurling fireballs, it should be an easy convincing.

The crowd pressing to the procession route of the slaves was going insane. Elves had been captured, in numbers. This was a first and very noteworthy. They cheered and clapped the legionnaire guards on the back as they marched past. The slave traders veritably salivated at the thought of having elves to sell tomorrow. A few of them were women folk, as well, and most men in the crowd salivated at that idea alone, much less selling them, or more importantly, owning one. The bidding on the morrow would be legendary.

The column reached the slave pens and moved under the arched entry gate. As the huge oaken doors closed behind them, one of the slave pen guards, excited by the appearance of the beautiful and exotic elven slave girls, stepped forward and looked at one closely. The tides of this war finally have changed, for sure, he said, reaching out and grabbing her arm. He aimed to pull this one to the side and sample her wares immediately.

His fingers closed on hard metal chain, and the elven girl, turning cold eyes to him said, It has changed, human, but not in your favor. A razor point was beneath his chin. She had magicked a sword from thin air and held it at arms length, backing him to the wall. He looked about, panicked, all the elves and the men among them had weapons. He turned to the legionnaire who had been standing near him only to see a Windy Island ranger standing there, wearing a amused expression. The ranger shrugged just before the elven girl knocked the slave guard out with the flat of her blade.

The turmoil in the slave pens reached the ears of the three men in the banquet hall. What is going on down there? asked Sendrus, trying in vain to find a good vantage point out the bay windows to the pens. The flicker of uncontrolled fire could be seen coming from below and to the north.

The Praetor adopted a look of boredom. Probably a little riot among the new slaves, he said. Theyve not learned their place yet, the legionnaires will have them subdued quickly enough.

Sendrus turned from the windows, but what if Emogen gets killed? he asked, worry on his face. Then Ill not have my prize.

Both the Praetor and the justicar chuckled in amusement at his predicament. It would be a shame if she died before you could kill her, no? asked the Praetor.

Damn right it would be! yelled Sendrus, truly agitated. I have many, many plans for that love. . . . His words were interrupted by the sound of shattering glass. An eight-foot barbed spear, cast entirely of cold iron, shot through the bay window. It smashed through the table, then skidded on the floor.

The three noblemen looked at it agape for a heartbeat, but then it sprang open, long spikes of iron extending in four directions, then it shot back toward the window. Sendrus was quick enough, as was the Praetor. The justicar, Ulanis, however, was not. He was pinioned between the iron spikes and the wall, the spike across his thick legs. A moment later, he fell to the floor, in three pieces. He groaned on the floor for only a moment before laying still. The other two men just looked at him with varying levels of interest.

Theyre firing on us! screamed Sendrus, stating the obvious to the Praetor. Out in the bay, more grappling harpoons sailed out from the ship toward the palace, there was screaming in the building. The Praetor looked down out of the broken windows and saw an organized force of rangers moving through the streets, driving a crowd of panicked people before them, toward the small fortress of the Fifth Legion. He ducked back as an arrow shattered against the stonework just inside the window.

Sendrus ran about the room, agitated to the point of near mania. Not right! he screamed and his hands clutched his head. Theyre ruining my plans.

The Praetor shook his head and looked out again. Two legionnaires ran into the banquet hall. My lord? one asked.

Stay with me, said the Praetor. We are attacked by Islanders.

The two legionnaires looked at him oddly, but stayed put, as told. Sendrus, however, said. Im taking my prize, and ran into the corridor.

Fool, thought the Praetor, glaring after the errant Senator. More arrows zinged off of the stone ceiling of the chamber and ricocheted from the stonework around the shattered windows. He peeked around the window frame to see shapes sliding down the cables now, heading toward the palace. Some fell to arrows as they slid, while others were, just as assuredly, making it to the palace. They moved too quickly to be hit easily.

Sendrus skewered a man wearing ranger livery as he descended the narrow stair from the courts to the slave pens. He reached the bottom of the stairs and looked about himself. In his hand, he clutched a long, narrow blade, unlike most seen in this land. It had belonged to a Niliwander assassin, and was a very fine sword. Sendrus had long had the weapon and loved the feel of it.

He cut down a slave as she ran screaming past him. Unsure which way to go, he headed where she had come from, thinking that she may have been held in the same area as the Lady Emogen would be held.

The sounds of fighting was all about, and there were bodies of guards and legionnaires everywhere he went. He came to a narrow doorway with a barred door. Peering into the shadowy cell he saw several women on chains tethered through the door to the wall behind him. He fetched the keys from a dead guard and opened the door, stepping into the cell.

The women cowered away from him, pulling to the end of their chains and slinking aside as he neared. One, however, did not. She rose from among the others and stepped forward. Come to take me early, have you, little man? asked Emogen from the shadows. She stepped into the light coming in from the doorway.

Sendrus grabbed her chain and yanked, hard. She fell to her knees and grabbed the chain with her left hand, yanking it back somewhat. Youve lost, Sendrus, she said, sneering as she took to her feet again. Theyve already freed most of us, and will be back for those of us with collars when they find a key.

The Senator glared at her and stepped forward. You shall not live to enjoy that freedom, bitch, he grated out between clenched teeth. He raised the narrow straight sword and leveled it at her chest. I wished to enjoy killing you slowly, but will take much pleasure, anyway, from doing it quickly.

There was some murmuring from among the other women. Fear not, ladies, Ive time to tend to all of you before anyone returns, he said, smiling at them.

Yanking the chain again, he lunged for Emogens chest. A look of shock spread on his face when his blow was deflected. In her right hand, Emogen held a slender hyandai. The blade glowed faintly blue with magical energy. The lady smiled at him, a small smile. Sendrus, she said, Ive wielded blade for nigh sixty years. You may wish to sit this dance out.

He lunged again. Emogen slipped nimbly aside, wrapping her chain around the point of his blade and twisting it from his hands. In the same motion, she sliced a deep rent in his shoulder, forcing his hand to open. The blade skidded across the dirt floor of the cell, at the feet of a small knot of women. It disappeared amid them.

As he gaped, she moved behind him, and almost as if pirouetting, she flipped the chain about his neck, once, twice, three loops of chain. His peril was suddenly very obvious to him. Three women took hold of the chain as she danced away. Pulling it taut. He stepped a few clumsy steps until the chain was bouncing tightly in both directions from him.

He felt pressure in his skull as the links around his neck bit into the meat. Then he started to see black creeping into the corners of his vision.

Two minutes later, the women loosed the chain and Sendrus collapsed to the floor. The keys jangled to the floor as his left hand opened.

Undria stood across the parade field from the little, compact fortress. The rangers rained arrows at its stone walls, and Vendithan would casually hurl a fireball from time to time, a small one, just large enough to make a scorch mark on the stonework. It was also enough to keep everyone behind that wall ducked down for cover. The panicked civilians in Remless had all fled the city, or at least to their homes. Right now, the streets belonged to the rangers. 

Hundreds of slaves had been released from the pens and were filing back toward the Rethallin. Many were cheering and singing as they went, and not all were Islanders. No one bothered to ask if someone belonged on this journey, it was freedom for all.

In the palace, the Praetor was packing a few of his valuables in preparation for flight. The two legionnaires stood guard over his doorway, across the hall from the banquet hall. There was a soft cough from behind them.

Both turned to see a dozen rangers with drawn bows, with an old man standing before them. My name is Primus Pilum Verus, he said. I recommend you drop your weapons and surrender.

The guards looked at him a moment, then one dropped his spear. The other followed suit a half a heartbeat later. The rangers moved forward and hustled them off into the banquet hall.

The Praetor glared at Verus. You old fool, youve truly raised the ire of the Empire now, he said.

You think so? said Verus calmly. I think weve just won the war.

Two rangers moved up and grabbed the Praetor, binding his hands behind his back. You are our captive, now, Praetor, he said. So far as I know, I still hold the rank of Centurion, and declare you a enemy of the people of both the Empire of Abia and the Windy Isles.

You cannot arrest me! screamed the Praetor, trying vainly to pull free of the two strong young men. I am the Praetor of the Abian Empire!

You are a prisoner of war, said Verus, and you will be tried for crimes against the peoples of the Windy Isles. Verus looked to the two rangers. Get him to the ship, make sure none harm him.

They both nodded and all six of the rangers moved out of the room with the Praetor in tow.

Verus moved to the other side of the banquet hall and watched as the rangers who had been holding down the fort were pulling back, leaving only a few behind, ready to retreat should the legionnaires within discover the siege lifted.

Elves were moving in the rigging of the Rethallin, making ready to sail. Now that the actual fighting was over, the town did not look much worse for wear. It had been Verus intent for as few as maybe to die in this attack, and he felt confident that he had succeeded. One of the legionnaires in the corner, hands and feet bound, said, Are you truly THE Verus?

Verus turned to him, smiling slightly. Yes, legionnaire, I am Verus.

The legionnaire smiled back at him. I dont feel too ashamed then, he said. The other legionnaire nodded in agreement.

You should not, soldier, said Verus.

The rangers returned to the chamber and Verus left with them, making for the ship. A column had been sighted, marching for town from the nearest encampment of the legions. It was time to go.

As he walked up the gangplank, it was rising from the docks. Every other vessel in the bay was listing or under the water, only their masts poking up out of the placid surface of the bay.

Undria walked up to him as he took to the main deck. We rescued more than a thousand slaves, Commander Verus, she said. There were many people crowding the deck, and, from the general volume of the murmuring belowdecks, many, many more down there. Im frankly amazed were afloat.

Verus chuckled and watched as the elves in the rigging began playing out sail. The massive ship began to slip away from the docks. The watchman at the top of the mainmast announced that the column had reached the northern gates even as they slid out of the harbor and added on more sail, making for the Windy Isles.

Vendithan approached soon after they had reached open water. Commander, the Praetor demands to speak to you of terms.

I am just a soldier, said Verus, hell have to discuss terms with leaders.

Vendithan nodded. I thought you would say that, he said. There is also another matter. One of the freed slaves requests audience.

Oh? said Verus, raising an eyebrow. Well, those honorable folk, I will take time to speak with.

The elven wizard smiles. They were shown to your quarters. I also anticipated you would say that.

You are truly foresighted, Vendithan, said Verus, patting the aide on the shoulder and turning for the stairs down to his quarters.

He entered his chamber and found no one in the conference area. He had expected the slave to wait at the table. He looked about, then toward the sitting area.

I took the liberty of getting comfortable, said a feminine voice from his bedchamber.

A broad smile formed on Verus lips as he walked to the doorway. Milady, you are always welcome to be comfortable.

Emogen sat upon his bed, wearing a gauzy bit of cloth, obviously something that she had retained from an elven crew member. She looked at him with large silver eyes that were slowly darkening to iron gray. I believe you owe me something, she said.

I rescue you from certain doom, and I owe you? asked Verus, removing his chain tunic and sitting in a chair. He noted a filled glass of wine on the little end table next to it.

She rose from the bed in a slow, graceful motion. The Lady Emogen was no young woman, even as a half-elf, but she was very well formed. Her curved body was accentuated by the flattering cut of the elven gown and her red hair gleamed in the lamplight of the chamber. She walked up to him, moving far slower than normal. Apparently much motive power went into the sway of her hips and back.

He put out a hand and touched the inward curve of her waist. Emogen put a hand over his, and gently moved it over the swell of her hip. You promised to claim a reward from me, should we end the war.

He looked up at her. And have we ended it?

She giggled then said, You well and truly ended it. The Praetor was behind the wars beginning, the legions will not press it to rescue him. She thought a long moment. They may well bribe you to keep him.

His other hand joined the first, on her opposing hip. Then I think I should claim my prize. Verus pulled her into his lap, where she curled with a happy sigh. She drew her legs up and folded herself into a compact bundle on his lap, kissing his neck and chin.

I am no young man, Emogen, he said, by way of warning. I hope you wont find me a lacking lover.

She grinned up at him and stroked his stubbled cheek. I am no spring chicken myself, dear, she said. I wont ask any acrobatics of you.

Verus laughed. That is well, for I barely was able to slide down that damnable cable to the palace.

Emogens eyes widened. You slid one of the boarding cables? she asked.

Well, yes, he said, looking down at her. Though I think I wrenched something out of socket.

She cooed and moved up in his lap to where she could rub his shoulders. You should exercise more care, Verus, she said. Youve a older woman to keep up with. Her long, slender legs moved to the outside of either of his legs and she scooted up and around to where she was straddling his waist. She felt him stiffening beneath her bottom as she wriggled about and massaged his broad shoulders. 

Even old soldiers stand to attention for a lady, he explained at her curious look of interest.

She wriggled her rump a little and smiled. Glad to see the old ways dont all fall to the wayside, said Emogen, and then kissed him. Her arms went about his neck and his about her slender waist. He picked her up as he stood, holding her tight against him.

She clung to his shoulders, kissing his ear and neck to goad him on. He laid her gently upon the wide bed and moved atop her. Emogen welcomed his weight and she caressed his strong arms as he held himself up from her. Youve done both the Empire and the Isles a great service, Verus, she said, with a tender smile on her face.

I worry more to ensure doing the same in my personal dealings, he retorted, pulling at the cords holding his boots to his feet. Damned Islander boots, they lace completely up to my arse.

A beautiful peal of laughter came from the lady as she watched him struggle with the obstinate footgear. She then helped him remove them, using her nimble fingers to unlace the complicated knotwork that held them. As they came off, she urged him to sit upon the bed and helped him with the much simpler breeches, though her own fingers seemed to fumble at the simple draw cord and belt. 

His hands were not idle, however, while she busied herself with her pleasant tasks, he stroked her hair and neck, trying to memorize by touch every sensation that touch fed back to him. Her pointed ears garnered much attention during this exploration, and she did not mind that in the least. With a sigh of triumph, she managed to unfasten the knot holding his pants in place.

Verus slipped from beneath her and stood, letting them fall to the floor. Hope youre not terribly disappointed, he said.

She glanced down. I heard about that, but thought it a legend, she replied. When did that happen?

He looked down at his single testicle. When I was but in my twenties, he replied, on the Mindean Isles.

She smiled and reached out a delicately thin hand and caressed his scrotum. Does it bother you these days? she asked. His prick, already stiff, twitched at the touch.

Only when beautiful women touch it, he replied. Then it feels heavy and full.

She giggled at him. Well, I know of a very efficacious treatment for that ailment, she said. An old elven healing technique passed down from mother to daughter.

Im thrilled to hear it, said Verus. For this malady has been brewing for some weeks.

Her cool hand gripped the shaft of his cock and she pulled him toward her. Then let me tend you, she whispered as she laid back. He moved quite willingly enough, and was again atop her. Her thighs parted and he moved between them.

With deceptive ease, he slid into her, and she groaned in pleasure at the feeling of being entered. It has been too long, she moaned as he settled their pelvises together.

Yes, Emogen, it has, he replied as he began thrusting gently and slowly. In truth, they were not young, zealous lovers, but both were mature, gentle lovers, now. Their bodies moved with a singular lack of haste, though with decisive intent of purpose.

Toward the end, however, as her back arched to meet his thrusts and her toes curled tight, her body moved as if half its age, forcing her pelvis up to meet him and goading him into a youthful exuberance, as well.

Her climax was a slow, grinding thing that, while lacking some of the fire of her youth, more than made up for it with a lingering warmth that allowed it to hold for many moments. She held him tight as he grunted his own orgasm out, nuzzling into her thick hair and biting her neck as he came. She could feel his seed filling her and the warmth that came with it. He lay there many moments afterward and she stroked his back and sides with her fingertips. My soldier, she whispered to him as he continued kissing her neck.

After many minutes, he moved to the side and propped his head on his elbow. Would it be rude of me to wish to go to sleep? he asked.

She grinned at him. Lest you seek doing that again, then no, she replied. Im quite tired, too, Primus Pilum.

They cuddled together on the bed, warm breezes wafting over them from the open windows of his stateroom. About them nigh on fifteen hundred people packed the ship, crowded together, uncomfortable, but nearly just as happy with themselves. Beneath them the waves slipped silently past the streamlined pylons, white foam flowing in the little-disturbed wake. Far above, sails flapped and bellied in the wind, speeding the ship along toward home. For all of them, home.

- - - - - - - - - -

Undria came out of the scrying chamber of the ship, shaking her head. Ghurian wants your balls on a platter, she said to Verus as he raised an eyebrow at her.

Hell have to settle for just the one, said Verus.

As Undria turned to raise her own eyebrows curiously, Lady Emogen interjected, That man will have to go through me to get even that one.

I suppose its spoken for, sorry, will half my arse do instead? asked the old Centurion.

Im sure hell settle, said Commander Undria, shaking her head in mock frustration at the banter from the two. They allowed the Amthallin to make landfall, and now shes trapped in Pigwillow Bay. Theyve blockaded it

Good, how long before we arrive to the main fleet? asked Verus.

According to the navigator, five hours, she replied. The freed are ready to move to the Amathvannin, once we get there. The term slaves had been dropped within hours of the ship leaving Remless, much to everyones pleasure.

- - - - - - - - - -

Ghurian moved from the Amathvannin before anyone else did, he stormed across the perilously swaying gangplank even before it could be stabilized for crossing. You crazy old fool! he screamed as he neared the Rethallins gunnels.

Verus stood impassively amidship, near the mainmast. He waved a hand casually at the nearly smouldering commander. Welcome aboard, Commander Ghurian, I see you are in good health, he said.

The commander stomped up to him, his face nearly red with anger. You hogged all the glory, you old bastard! he then turned toward Undria, And I trusted you, too, Commander Undria. Yet the two of you go off and win the war for us, just when my back is turned?

She shrugged. You said for me to trust him sir, she said, her voice rising in mock tones of apology.

Not to the point of making me look a silly get, said Ghurian. Well all have words about this later. He turned back to Verus, and cracked a massive smile. Well done, Commander Tanverus.

Thank you, Commander Ghurian, replied the old soldier.

The freed started transferring to the larger trimaran and were moved over in a surprisingly short time.

Youre sure the governor is in Pigwillow? asked Verus.

As sure as we can be, his ship is there, said Ghurian. We even sent a squad of scouts to confirm it to be so.

Verus nodded. This ends this day then, he said.

The two massive trimarans, backed up by the flotilla of galleons sailed for the port of Pigwillow. On the shores, panic ensued as the legionnaires prepared to mount a desperate defense against a perceived attack.

The ships drew up short, filling the bay, but not landing. It was probably quite an impressive and worrisome sight to the people in the port village.

Twelve hours later, the agreements were formalized. Two weeks later, there would be no forces of the Imperium on the Islands. The Veria Primus would be surrendered after that date. And until then, no action would be taken against Islanders or the Isles.

Once all Abian presence was known to be removed, and all the slaves taken from the Isles were returned, then the Praetor would be yielded to the Empire.

- - - - - - - - - -

It came to pass just as planned. There were a few minor skirmishes as the Abians withdrew, but those were minor and quickly over. The Empire dethroned the Praetor less than a month after he returned and sent him off into retirement, with a threat of trial, should he get out of line and do more than irrigate the ditches around his estate. The governor of the Isles was assassinated less than two weeks after he returned to the isles, reportedly at the hands of the legions, though this was never confirmed.

Verus and Emogen wed in the fall of that year. Though he was a hero, he had disobeyed direct orders of the High Command, and was forced into retirement, and required to promise to never assume command again. He was happy to do both. He and Emogen moved to a small estate outside of Rennik.

Emorianel came by to see them after he was freed from Abia, with Revandis. The two men closeted for long hours before it was decided that Revandis would serve as the handmaiden to the Lady Emogen for a while, and act as Verus scribe. Emorianel had much to tend to, and would stay in the home, when he was not abroad with his duties. Though he was no longer the ranking male of a clan, there were many social and legal loose ends to be repaired from both the war and the deaths it caused.

In those days, he took up, at the urging of the Niliwander ambassador, origami, the shaping of paper into various intricate and interesting shapes. It consumed him when he was not busy with his memoirs.

Verus was obliged to write a text on warfare, to become the primary training manual for aspiring officers in the Islander militaries. Revandis did the penning of these tomes, her flowing hand being kinder to the reader than Verus rather unappealing scratchings. It was a major work, and took nearly three years to complete.

Soon, Revandis took it up as well, and the two would wile away hours folding rice paper into various shapes, always trying to outdo one another with the most intricate and interesting designs. To her advantage were her small and unbelievably nimble fingers, to his was a mind that thought in many tracks at once, able to come up with solutions that did not readily make themselves apparent. When they collaborated on a project, the results were so stunning that several made the ambassador of Niliwan blink with amazement and immediately box up the product to be shipped off to his homeland for study and interpretation.

During those years, Verus aged, as happens to men, and his mind began to slip from him. It was a painful sight for both Revandis and for the lady. Revandis, now called Hyandai by most everyone, save Verus and Emogen, came into his chambers one day to find he did not recognize her.

Hello there, my young elf, said Verus as she entered, a rather blank smile upon his face.

She returned the smile. Good day, Verus, she replied, the blank look in those once alert eyes broke her heart. Verus, I wish to try something.

Youre such a pretty lass, he replied, and always so nice. What do you wish to do?

She locked gazes with him, her golden eyes boring into his mind. There she felt the slippage. It was painful to behold, the physical structures in his brain were failing, and she found pieces of him trapped behind the broken connections. Like a faerie flitting through spiders webs, she flitted through his mind, moving a strand of thought here, and repositioning a packet of Verus mind there. After a few moments, she was exhausted, but the old man blinked, and she saw his mind was whole again.

Ones praise, Revandis, he said, what did you do?

I moved your mind about to make use of unused portions to reinforce that which has failed you, she said, as if that made perfect sense. Verus supposed it did.

How long? he asked, his face growing saddened.

Months, perhaps years, but I will need to continually do that to keep things whole, she replied. Revandis neglected to tell him that the movements and repositioning also relied on her leaving a small portion of her mind within his to bolster the changes, to keep things from reverting back to their original patterns.

They continued work on the texts. A year later, Revandis was having to perform the repairs almost every week, and they did not always help on the first try. Finally, she moved a larger portion of herself into his head, and it worked. He stabilized for a few months.

Finally, though, Verus took her aside one evening. Revandis, it is nearly over, he said. I can even feel it now. You are giving too much of yourself to keep me going. You have given willingly, but I would have you stop, dear. You are young, and deserve to be out enjoying your youth, not tending an old man whose mind is failing him. He sat in a comfortable chair. How much of your mind is in me now? he asked.

Almost a quarter, she replied. I can feel much of what you feel, always.

He nodded. I feared that much. When the texts are finished, so ends that, as well, he said.

Revandis eyes grew round and tears welled in them. But youll die, she said.

Im a human, Revandis, we do not live so long, said Verus, smiling gently. Ive lived more than many men, and lived well, I deem.

It had truly become a chore by the time the last text was finished. She could feel her personality beginning to slip from her from time to time, replace by his. Too much of herself was within him now for too long, and it was imprinting his mind atop hers. Almost half of her mind resided in his at any given moment, to keep him thinking normally, just to make running repairs on his pathways of thought.

I would have one night with Emogen, he said. Alone.

Revandis nodded slowly, and made the eye contact. However, she did not withdraw her mind from his, she knew that doing so would leave him a gibbering lump of flesh, though he did not. I have set you for that night, Verus, she said, looking at him levelly and keeping her mind closed, so that nothing of her slipped to his thoughts, revealing her deception.

That night, she lay in discomfort, their passion wracking her mind. She was not a little girl, and knew of love, but to be inside the mind of a man as he did so caused her to flinch and her mind tried to recoil. She was not so much disturbed as felt she had betrayed Verus more than he could ever know, and the lady, as well.

When his passion fully gripped him, she found herself doing things normally reserved for the most aroused of her states, and her inner mind twitched and rejoiced and, for the first time in her life, fully awoke.

The next morning, Verus called for her. That was the last time, dear Revandis, and I know it hurt you mightily to help me. He gave her a long, knowing look, staring at her deep emerald eyes. Ill not allow such a thing again, young woman, and I feel shame that it happened the once.

She burst into tears, covering her face in shame at the lies she had wrought and the hurt she must now have caused a proud, honorable man. No, Revandis, I thank you for what you did, but I cannot allow my passions to become yours, nor, I fear yours to become mine.

Mine become yours? she asked, peeking through her wet fingers.

Your attempt to mask your presence did not work very well, and when your passions flared, I felt them. I have to say, the passions of a young elven woman were much stronger than I thought they possibly could be, he said as his eyes took on a distant glint. They reminded me of the ones I had when I was a young man.

Revandis smiled a little at that. I am glad you are not wroth with me, she said. I could not bear your anger.

And I wouldnt give you such, he said. But it ends today. Can you take my knowledge of things military into your mind without harm? he asked. I know you can take parts and pieces, what about the whole?

She blinked for a moment. I can, she said finally.

Then take them, before they are lost, he said. Show me in my mind what I must do to give them to you.

They locked gazes, for the final time. You know this may kill you, she said into his thoughts.

Yes, he replied, I would prefer it did, actually. Revandis nodded and showed him what he needed to do to organize his thoughts. He shooed her off to the side of his mind and began to do what he sought to do. Verus plowed through his knowledge and through other pathways, finding what he sought tucked away here and there.

Soon, he realized that what he needed to impart to her may well be the whole of it. No, he thought to himself, shielding that from her, it has to be there, but she cannot be subject to it. Then it dawned upon him. It took a long while to prepare for the transferral of knowledge and learning, but in reality, it was but a few minutes.

Okay, Revandis, said Verus into his thoughts. Take it. She reached out with her mind, feeling a smooth sphere. No, not a sphere, a spherical gemstone, cut with millions of tiny facets. Each face was a thought, or a tactic, or a scheme used once, with possible applications elsewhere.

The fingers of her mind slid over the smooth surface. It is almost beautiful, Verus, she thought as she pulled on it. For a brief moment it resisted, and she felt something of it shift oddly, like it had opened for a moment, then snapped shut. It came free of his mind and slipped effortlessly into hers. She had created a place for it as soon as she felt it, and it fitted perfectly there.

It nestled amid her girlish elven thoughts, her childish thoughts. Dark and sinister was much of that knowledge, the rules and ways of combat and war and death. However, it glittered in her mind and did not interrupt the flow of her own thoughts and feelings. They slid over it without impediment.

She opened her eyes again and looked down at Verus. He lay peacefully and in utter stillness. The Primus Pilum had passed to the Portal of Forever. Tears welled in her emerald eyes and she began to wail out a grieving song for him. It was not a dirge, as elves are wont to sing for their fallen. This was a personal wail of pain and fear.

The Lady Emogen came in and looked at her passed husband. She gently pulled the coverlet over his sleeping face and touched Revandis shoulders. Come Revandis, lets go speak in the parlor.

The young elven girl looked over her shoulder at the shape on the bed and sniffed a last time. Forever the lore of you will be recorded, Primus Pilum, she said, the elven words sliding gracefully from her tongue.

- - - - - - - - - -
Epilogue

The next evening, he was buried, as was the Abian way. The Islanders cremated their dead, as do elves, but the Abians lay them in the earth and erect a small memorial stone to them. A six foot obelisk was erected over his grave, his visage carved into the top of one face. Below that in the languages of Syrisian and Elven were the words: A man of peace, forced to war, in peace now, and forever more.

There were literally hundreds of folk at the funeral, and many mourned his passing. Much discussion was made of what would be done without him in the future. The general consensus was that, while they might not do it as well as with him, they would do what they always did - Manage.

The Lady was in mourning for six months, another Abian tradition. It conflicted with the elven way of moving to a new partner sooner, but none begrudged it to her. For she had not lost an elven mate, but very much an Abian mate.

During the fourth month following Verus death, Revandis and she were seated in the common room of the small cottage. Verus daughters, sons, and grandchildren had adopted the elderly half-elf as their own, despite their fathers death. She supposed that without a matriarch or patriarch, they needed someone to be the head figure of the family. She was honored for it to be her.

Revandis was trying to make a trimaran in origami, but could not get the sails to look or feel right. She growled from time to time in frustration, a habit that had been Verus and she now had adopted.

Emogen was knitting, which was her passion for passing time. She had been making coverlets of knit for all the grandchildren of Verus, a project that promised to be nigh never ending, which suited her just fine.

Their nearly silent afternoon was interrupted by a forceful rapping upon the front door of the house. 

Revandis bounded to the door, smiling as she yanked it open. Six armed and armored men stood outside. By reflex, Revandis leaped back a step and was halfway through drawing her hyandai before she recognized the livery of the rangers and the mark of the watch of Rikken.

Woah, Hyandai, said one of the rangers, the leader, apparently. We only wish to speak, no sparring today.

She giggled at him, her eyes glittering golden. Revandis loved that she was called by a weapons name by the men of the Isles. It had grown quite common over the last years, enough so that most of the Elves had adopted it, as well. Only her father and the lady called her Revandis anymore. What is it, she peered at his badge, sergeant? she asked.

We are again beset by the cursed Ghantians, he said, a massive sigh in his voice. This time there is a threat to Rikken, we need to evacuate you and the lady inside the city walls.

Revandis noted that the ladys horse and her own, or at least the one she used, it used to be Verus, were already saddled and ready to ride. The soldiers, out of respect, had taken care of that before disturbing the lady.

Emogen slipped past her, belting on her own hyandai as she walked. We can go, she said as she took to her saddle.

Do you not wish to pack? the ranger asked. The mercenaries may raze your home out of spite.

She smiled sweetly at him. The only things of this world I truly care about can flee fire on their own, she said. Hyandai had only a small pack, the original manuscripts of Verus books. They had long since been copied and returned to her.

Revandis clambered onto the back of Blackhoof, Verus old horse, and they rode toward town, only a fifteen minute ride.

As they came into town, by the sunsets failing light, they saw smoke rising from the north side of the city. The rangers spurred their horses in that direction and the two women moved after them.

As they moved through the town they came across a pair of Coghlandish mercenaries, the small contingent of rangers dispatched them hastily, but they now knew the enemy was within the walls. A troop of rangers ran past, as well as a company of militia. Undria commanded them.

Dont fight them in formations, you cant win, said Revandis quietly to her at the greeting from Undria.

What? said Undria, blinking at her. What did you say, Hyandai?

Hyandais golden eyes locked onto the commanders. Dont fight the Coghlanders in formations, you cant beat them that way, its their strong point.

Undrias smile was brittle, but she humored the young elven girl. What should we do then? she asked, her tone somewhat sarcastic.

Fight like rangers, said Hyandai.

The commander barked out a laugh. If youve not seen, we fight in the city, she said, waving her hand around her to indicate the buildings.

I damn well know youre fighting in the city, commander, snapped Hyandai, her voice moving deeper down the tonal scale a few notes. Fight from the buildings and the alleys and the rooftops, theyre your forest. she shouted. Attack and fade, its your way, and the only way to beat the Coghlanders. In hand to hand, theyll crush you, theyre too skilled and strong.

Undria finally got the idea, and barked out some orders. The nearer captains looked at her like she was insane for listening to a young elven girl for strategic advice.

Hyandai rose up in the stirrups and looked toward where another fire bloomed to the north. If you dont change your plan, come hell or glory, youll loose your damned city! she screamed.

Undria turned toward the confused-looking captains. Do as she says, she was the student of Verus! she yelled and began issuing orders. Hyandai seemed to calm much after the captains had begun to move off to implement the new tactics. She looked at the elven girl who glanced down at her from the high perch of the horse. Verus? she asked.

Keep this city safe Undria, I cant do it now, said Hyandai, her voice further deepening. 

Hyandai nearly fell from the saddle then, her eyes shut and blood ran from one nostril as she fell forward onto the neck of Blackhoof. Two soldiers helped her down and they laid her to rest in a shelter. One of many in the city to house the wounded, elderly, and young. The battle raged for the remainder of the night, and well into the next day.

The rangers held the town by the tactic that Hyandai had forwarded. The rangers struck at the Coghlanders in quick, deadly raids, then disappeared among the familiar buildings of their home. Only to reappear a while later elsewhere. To the Coghlanders, the city was suddenly crawling with defenders who could not be caught and who seemed to be playing with them, giving themselves sport with the mercenaries very lives.

These were paid soldiers, not zealots and they soon tired of the quickly diminishing returns this contract was bearing to them. When they withdrew, the minority of Ghantian regulars withdrew with them.

Emogen hovered over Revandis, tending to her in a state of near feverishness. She mumbled and occasionally cried out. Finally her golden eyes shot open and she looked up at Emogens silver. I cannot speak to you again, beloved, she heard Revandis say, though it was not her voice, I will retreat now and leave this girl to her life. Then the girl clutched herself to the half-elven woman and kissed her, hard and on the mouth. A passionate kiss of a passionate man. Then she fell back and slept normally.

- - - - - - - - - -

Hyandai moved the rook and looked at the chessboard. Check and mate, she said.

Harlen looked down at it and sighed. Five moves? he asked, his voice rising to nearly a whine.

I am sorry, but yes, five moves, she said.

Does she ever lose? asked Wendy from the table, where she was pouring over books of elven text, trying to decipher it.

Not that Ive seen, said Harlen.

Hyandai shrugged. I used to lose regularly to Verus, she said.