Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Two: The Thief's Passion, Chapter Five: Desiring the Barguest
Summary: Illina needs sooting by her barguest while Monica feels her loins quicken for the shapechanging mosnter.
Keywords: FF MF fantasy magic D/s oral creampie Fdom toy monster voy exhib anal rim

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan  The Free City of Raratha

I stood over the Djinn. Saniyya stared up at me with her yellow eyes. They sparkled like citrines, such an exotic hue. The color of a demigoddess. The warlock's nasty cum leaked out of my charmed pussy, sealing him to me.

Lady Alloria is your owner now, Kargon said, his voice thick with the desire to please me. You obey her. Follow her orders. Worship her.

A shiver ran through the Djinn. Lady Alloria, how may I serve you. I am Saniyya. Her hands reached out to touch my thighs, thumbs stroking across my body. Her dusky-brown skin contrasting with my bluish thighs. How may I please you?

Lick, I said, eager for something feminine and delicious to pleasure me.

My two boy toys watched. Kargon and Swift stared at me with pathetic worship in their eyes. They had fallen under the spell of my pussy. Not Saniyya. My cunt's power didn't affect women. They worshiped me for other reasons.

Pleasure. Money. Submission. Desire.

Saniyya's head drifted between my thighs. Her eyes closed. A smile grew on her lips as her black hair brushed my inner flesh. Her head lifted up and then she pressed into the shaved folds of my cunt and fluttered her tongue through my pussy lips.

Her tongue darted out through my petals, She teased me. Caressed me. She gathered up her former owner's cum from the folds of my pussy. I smiled in triumph, glancing over at Kargon. He had dominated this sweet thing. Spanked her. Held her suspended in the air. Used his magic on her for his own amusement.

Now he had given her to me. 

Men didn't deserve pleasure. They were too weak. Obsessed with chasing after the young and beautiful. They would give up so much to have nubile flesh. Even without my enchantment, a smart woman could use that fact. 

But youth faded. I needed to reclaim my necklace back to keep my weapons. My power. Time did not favor women but men. I would regain my cheat. I would have Illina back to licking my pussy. It would be glorious to have that thief on her knees like Saniyya.

Kargon would use his magic to bind Illina. Hold her in place. Even whip her for me. He would beg to do it, secretly hoping to use Illina. Maybe he would. Maybe I would force the thief to rut on all my boy toys. Be their whore. To be dripping in their nasty cum while I made her lick my cunt clean.

Mmm, yes, yes, get out all that nasty cum, I purred, staring into Saniyya's eyes.

Delight shone in them. She didn't care that she'd been traded away by her last master. She just wanted to serve. Her hands grabbed my rump, pulling my pussy tight against her mouth. Her tongue thrust deep into my snatch, her tongue curling in me. She scooped out the jizz from my depths, her tongue sliding through my folds.

It felt incredible. A wicked joy to enjoy. I shuddered, my cunt clenching down on her probing tongue. I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side, thankful to have this little slut feasting on me. Licking me clean.

Mmm, you're just happy to be mine, aren't you, Saniyya?

Yes, Mistress, she moaned. So thrilled! Her tongue dug in again. Her citrine eyes glittered. She scooped out more of the seed in my snatch, pulling that salty jizz into her hungry mouth.

My large breasts swayed as I squirmed on her. As I enjoyed the delights of her licking, lapping, hungry mouth. The pleasure stirred through me. She scooped out more and more of that cum, moaning as she did it.

Loving to serve me.

She sealed her lips around my pussy. She sucked, making such obscene sounds. I gasped at the pressure drawing the cum from deep inside my snatch. She pulled it out of me. The sensation was incredible. It sparked wild bliss that would make me explode.

I shuddered, my hips grinding on her sucking mouth. My hands grabbed my big tits. I squeezed and kneaded them. My fingers dug into them. I brought my dark-red nipple to my mouth, latching onto the ruby nub.

I sucked.

Pleasure sparked down to my cunt.

My clit rubbed into her lips. She nursed on my pussy with hunger. I groaned around my nub. The pleasure built faster and faster. I shuddered, enjoying every moment of the cum leaking out of me. This wonderful bliss would have me exploding in rapture. It would be the most delightful thing in the world to cream her mouth.

I nibbled on my nipple. Nipped it with my teeth. The sparks of pleasure shot through my body. I groaned, my hips grinding from side to side on her mouth. Her tongue darted into the depths of my pussy, drawing out all that nasty jizz.

You're so beautiful, Kargon moaned, stroking his cock.

Irritation flashed through me. I popped my nipple out of my mouth and glared at him. Quiet! And stop stroking your cock! I'm enjoying myself!

He opened his mouth as if to apologize then clamped his jaw shut and nodded. He ripped his hand from his hard cock, soaked in my pussy juices, and shoved it behind his back. I smiled at that then gasped as Saniyya's tongue fluttered through my folds again, sliding up to my clit.

She brushed it.

Sparks of triumph shot through me. I shuddered at the pleasure bursting inside of me. This wonderful wave of delight that shot through my body. I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side, grinding my cunt on her hungry mouth.

She sucked on my clit, fingers digging into my rump.

Sparks flared.

Gods, yes! I moaned. Saphique's sweet cunt and heaving tits!

My orgasm burst through me. Pleasure gushed out of my pussy. A wild gush of juices that squirted into her mouth. My eyes fluttered, the stars bursting across the room. My tits heaved. I grabbed the silk of her hair, clutching to her as she feasted on me.

My delicious slave! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, my demigoddess whore! Lick it all up.

She moaned her submission and did that. Her tongue danced through me while the rapture suffused my body. Every bit of me tingled. I threw back my head, hair dancing around my shoulders as my delicious Djinn devoured all the juices pouring out of me.

I hit the peak of rapture. Trembled there. Her fluttering tongue, caressing labia and clit, held me there for such a glorious moment. Then I crashed into panting bliss. I gripped her head, savoring her lapping at my sensitive folds. 

Then I stepped back.

We leave in the morning, I said. They'll have a day's head start on us, but we'll catch up. I glanced at Kargon. Right?

He nodded at me, staring with such feverish eyes at me now.

You can talk, I said, waving a negligent hand.

I'll be ready. I'll need pussy juices. He glanced at Saniyya. Hers is potent.

She's mine, I said, stroking her. Go get it from a tavern wench or a dockside whore.

Yes, Lady Alloria.

Swift, return to my home. Make sure my fool of a husband and idiot handmaiden have everything ready for me.

I shall, Lady Alloria.

I stared down at Saniyya, her face dripping in my pussy juices. They smeared across her features, giving her such a lovely and delicious look. I wanted to just lick them all up, but I was feeling in need of something else.

Your illusions have substance, yes?

They do, Lady Alloria, she moaned. What shall I conjure for you? Name it. Any earthly delight. Women. Coin. Exotic foods. Dates soaked in my pussy juices.

I arched an eyebrow at that one. A solid gold dildo strapped about my body and...

There it was. I could feel the bleached-white leather straps made of something soft like doe's hide.  They held the gold dildo thrusting out before me, thick and large, ready to fuck. I smiled down at Saniyya.

On your hands and knees, slave, I moaned.

After we came down from our orgasm, I pulled the dildo out of her cunt. It dripped with her juices. I turned her to face me and I stroked my hand across her head. She looked so delicious. Her eyes stared up at me with those jewel-like irises.

You're going to be mine forever. Once we get back my necklace, I'll never let you go.

Yes, Lady Alloria, she panted. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  North of Raratha, The Kingdom of Valya

I was so sore after our first day riding north from Raratha. But we were out of the city and heading north to the Ten-It Forest. It dominated central Valya, growing along the banks of the mighty Roytin River. The same river that flowed through Raratha and dumped into the Nimborgoth. 

Why didn't I insist on traveling upriver by boat, I lamented to Barg as I slipped off my horse. I landed stiffly. My muscles, though stronger than a human, were still sore. I massaged my inner thigh through the linen pants I wore in lieu of the toga common in Raratha. Why did Krab have to make my ancestors with muscles that could get sore.

Pain is a living creature's motivation not to do stupid things, said Barg as he dismounted with fluid grace. 

Then why did I spend all day on a horse? I groaned.

Because sometimes doing stupid things is necessary, he said, smiling at me. 

My ass is sore, too. I turned and wiggled it at him. My perfect and beautiful rump feels chafed and raw. Will you lick it for me? I gave him a coquettish look over my shoulder. Make it feel perfect for me?

I would be honored to worship your behind, he said with a bow.

Monica burst into giggles as she dismounted from her horse. She wore her white clerical robes and didn't seem to have any trouble sitting all day in a saddle. The dainty thing smiled at Barg, her mirth shining on her face.

Don't get any ideas, I said playfully. Barg is my butt-licker. You can get Sir Tightass to lick yours.

Sir Tightass? She shot me a confused look. Then gasped and glared at me. That's not very charitable.

It's hard to be charitable when my butt hurts so much I don't want to sit down. I glanced over at the paladin. He dismounted with a clatter of his armor. He didn't seem to have any problem wearing all that steel through the heat of the Valyan day. He stroked his warhorse's neck, patting him, murmuring something to him. 

The horse neighed.

You going to make out with your horse? I asked. 

Sir Bryce glanced at me. Why would a tight ass do that?

Well, I mean, the way you're looking at it. We could give you some privacy. No judgment. I think I knew why you walk like you have a rod shoved up your ass if you're taking that monster in it.

Monica gasped, clasping a hand over her mouth.

How droll, he said. 

I thought it was. I smiled at him. It sure made Monica blush to her roots. For a girl that's had a roll with a god, she sure blushes easy.

Sir Bryce glanced at me. Is there any meaning behind your barbs, or do you chaff already under our agreement and seek to flee it?

How can I? I tapped my throat. I have this collar about my neck. The one you promised to release. It's a little tight. Making me irritable.

I promised I would release it, he said, stripping off his horse's tack.

You're not.

I never said when, he said, his hands uncinching his horse's saddle. He pulled it off and set it carefully on the ground. Then he drew off the blanket. 

I see, I said. Good to know how you see your word, Sir Tightass.

My horse needs attention, he said. Your discomfort can wait a few more minutes. It will not kill you to be leashed to something grander for once in your life.

I glared at him. And exactly what is this grand purpose? Stopping the man who murdered your wife?

Bringing justice to the villain who destroyed her, he answered. He turned to face me. That is what this is about. What got your mother killed.

He's a terrible man, said Monica. He burned my temple and killed my friends. She looked lost for a moment. My husband to be, his wives... They were such wonderful women. I could have been happy being their sister-wife.

I arched an eyebrow about that. And now you and Sir Tightass are together.

Monica's lips pursed tight. I was marrying my husband because I am a leywife. It wasn't out of love for him, but devotion to Pater. Sir Bryce is different. He saved me. He loves me.

How can you tell? I glanced at the man. He didn't show any emotion on his face. He looks like a corpse standing there. Perhaps Sir Deadhead is a better name. Just a zombie obsessed with fixing the past.

Your nicknames are amusing, Sir Bryce said. He marched to me. I held my ground.

His mailed hand shot out and seized my neck. I shuddered at the grip of metal. Barg growled beside me despite not being in his hound form. My lover would be bristling if he had any hair. I just faced Sir Bryce without fear. I wouldn't be bullied.

Why do you seek to belittle me? he asked, his thumb, covered in a thick leather glove, rubbed at my neck. A childish desire to prove that you're not bound to me?

Maybe. You have me by a noose. You can yank it whenever you want. I'm supposed to be happy with that?

You had a choice. You accepted it.

I had no real choice. I didn't want to hang.

He pulled his hand away. You're free. You aren't compelled to go with me. You are free to leave.

And you'll be on my ass, seize me by the scruff of the neck, and haul me back to Raratha to stand trial.

To face the consequences of breaking the law, he answered. How the Rarathans see the need to redress your wrong is there business. But, you have the choice.

And miss out on breaking into Cernere's vault for a paladin of Lagu. I snorted. Not a chance Sir Brickhead.

Brickhead? he asked and shook his head. You're bad at insults.

Am not Sir... Sir... I threw up my hands. My ass is sore!

Monica giggled. Sir Brickhead... He does have a strong head and that face... Mmm, he's a handsome man.

I stared at her. His face is leathered by the sun and as rugged as the Lesh-Ke Mountains.

I know, Monica said, smiling at Sir Bryce. Her eyes flicked over to Barg. So different from your man.

Because mine is gorgeous, I said, taking Barg's arm. And he's going to lick my butt and make me feel all better.

Gladly, he said. After we set up camp.

I sighed. Right, right, important stuff. 'Never play in the middle of setup. Get all your prep done before seeking your pleasure.'

Your mother created that rule because of me, Barg said. 

I grinned at him as I turned to my horse. Oh, what prep for a job did you two mess up because you got amorous?

Robbing the Prince-Elect of Zeutch's crown, he said. We were supposed to replace it with a fake. We spent a week dodging fencers and trackers over that mishap.

I giggled.

We set up camp and Monica began cooking dinner, getting a stew bubbling. She hummed as she worked. The horses were taken care of. Our tents were erected. Soon we were eating the hearty stew that filled my belly and gave my body the resources it needed to repair all those sore muscles.

Fed, I was eager to get my butt-licked. So I stripped out of my clothes. The night descended cool about us as I knelt by the fire, banked down to hot coals for cooking. I wiggled my rump at him while on the other side of the fire, a naked Sir Bryce nuzzled into Monica's tits.

Barg, we're all done with the prep. We can play now.

Monica glanced at me as the paladin sucked on her nipple. I winked at her as Barg blurred into his hound form. She swallowed as she watched Barg pad around me. I shivered myself, eager to feel that thick, hot tongue lapping over my rump. Just bathing me his spittle.

My, oh, my, Barg said, those words sounding a little strange coming from his bestial muzzle. Your poor rump, Illina.

I know, I groaned. I just need you to lick it. Pretty please.

I shall do my best to soothe you.

His tongue licked over my right butt-cheek. I smiled at Monica at the delicious sensation of that thick, hot tongue sliding over my ass. I groaned and lowered my head, my small breasts jiggling beneath me. The juices were already flowing while the rhythm of my heart sped up. The pain throbbing through my nervous system lessened.

Barg lapped across my butt-cheeks. He bathed both hillocks with that wonderful tongue of his. I groaned and gasped, savoring every moment. Every lick. Monica whimpered nearby, Sir Bryce kissing down her body, eager to eat her out.

The man had some passion in him after all.

I smiled at Monica, my hips wiggling. Barg's tongue swiped up my butt-crack, not penetrating it, but licking across it. I groaned as his long laps caressed me. He bathed every bit of my ass in his hot saliva. His tongue flicked out again and again. My toes curled.

My pussy grew hot. Wet. Juicy.

My cream dribbled down my thighs. I loved the feel of it leaking down me. I wiggled from side to side, eager for him to just devour me. It would be incredible. I had a big smile on my lips as his tongue slid over my ass. He licked and lapped and teased me. I groaned, loving every moment of his hungry tongue. I wiggled my hips from side to side, his saliva coating my rump.

Oh, Barg, yes! I moaned.

Monica whimpered on the other side of the fire. Sir Bryce had reached her cunt. He lapped at her, making her squirm. Pleasure crossed her pale face. I loved the attention she gave me. Her hands squeezed her round breasts while the paladin devoured her pregnant pussy.

You are smelling quite excited, Barg said. His tongue flicked over my left butt-cheek, making it jiggle. Are there other places you'd liked to be licked?

Mmm, I think so, I purred, working my knees apart, exposing my pussy to him. There's another part of me that's just so sore.

His wet nose nuzzled into my cuntlips. I gasped. He rubbed his snout up and down my slit, nudging my labia and brushing my clit. My saliva-soaked rump clenched. I shuddered, my juices flowing hotter, delight surging through my nervous system.

My heart's rhythm thudded faster.

Yes, yes, this seems quite inflamed, he said. Your labia are engorged, and your clitoris is protruding from its hood.

Oh, no, I gasped. I need you to soothe me. Please, please, soothe my pussy with your tongue.

Yes! whimpered Monica, her body shuddering.

Her pussy was being soothed, too.

Barg's tongue licked out.

My eyes closed and my back arched as I savored that long, slow lick. In his bestial form, his tongue took forever to make a single one. So long and thick. He swabbed over my entire pussy, licking at it for what felt like an eternity.

A toe-curling, body-shuddering, throaty moan that lasted for an eternity.

My clit sparked with delight. My pussy clenched. His tongue flicked past my taint and then he was back at my cunt again. He licked with hunger. His tongue swept fast over it. I groaned, rubbing back into Barg's snout. I loved the feel of him caressing me. That wonderful tongue driving up and down my slit.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Cernere's black cunt, that's good. Ooh, my pussy needs that. After a day in the saddle, I needed this so badly.

He fluttered his tongue again and again. He licked me with hunger. He drove his tongue through my folds. I groaned, loving every lick and lap. Every slide of his tongue through my labia. It was just the pleasure I needed. 

My cunt drank them in. His hot, rough tongue bathed my vulva. My clit. His tip flicked into my pussy hole itself. I groaned at that, my back arching. My hair danced around my face. Little stars burst before my vision. 

Such an inflamed pussy, he groaned. How does that feel?

More licking! I moaned. And then... then I'm going to need my pussy depths soothed, too. You'll have to use something long and hard!

I have just the thing.

Mmm, Monica moaned, trembling on her back as Sir Bryce devoured her. She squeezed her tits, still watching us. 

I winked at her then gasped as Barg's tongue slipped into my pussy hole again.

He swabbed it around. Stimulated me. My pussy clenched around his tongue before he flicked it out of me. My orgasm built faster and faster as he thrust it back in. He danced that amazing, bestial tongue around me. My toes curled. I moaned, my fingers digging into our bedroll.

Oh, Barg, yes, yes! You give me just what I need!

His tongue darted through my folds again and again. He licked up and down. He teased me. Drove me wild. It felt incredible. This wild bliss that shot rapture through me. I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side. I shuddered, rubbing back into his snout. I loved the feel of him licking me. Caressing me.

The pleasure built faster and faster in my pussy's depths. His tongue fluttered over me. I couldn't take much more. It was happening. My orgasm swelled to its limits. His tongue slathered over my twat, caressing every bit of me.

I came.

My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of me. I gasped and moaned out in rapturous delight. The waves of bliss washed through my nervous system. They inundated my mind. The cogs whirled and clicked with pleasure. My heart's rhythm reached thundering speeds.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, gods, Barg! Cernere's black cunt, yes, yes! That's good. Oh, Gods, that's good!

It is so rewarding to soothe you, he growled. Your juices gush with effervescent delight.

I know! I moaned, my cunt writhing and convulsing as my orgasm swelled to its limits. Oh, but I need my pussy depths soothed, too!

As I hit the peak of pleasure, Barg mounted me. I shuddered at the feel of his sleek and hairless body sliding up mine. Beside us, Bryce kept feasting on Monica's pregnant pussy. He loved her cunt while she writhed in passion.

Her eyes met mine. She locked on me as she bucked through her pleasure. I smiled at her as Barg's cock nuzzled into the entrance of my cunt. His forelegs gripped my sides. He panted above me, hot spittle falling on my back.

Barg rammed into my still-convulsing cunt.

Barg! I gasped as his cock slammed to the hilt in my pussy.

My juicy flesh squeezed around him. His cock knifed white-hot into me. I loved it. Another orgasm burst through me. A small one celebrating the joy of Barg's cock burying to the hilt in my pussy. My cunt writhed around his cock as he drew back his hips. 

Monica watched Barg slam back into me. She witnessed my lover pumping away at me, thrusting his cock into my snatch over and over again. He fucked me with passion. He hammered my cunt, burying into me again and again.

It was incredible to enjoy. 

I whimpered, my hips dancing from side to side. I stirred up his cock as he plundered into me. He thrust hard and fast. He buried over and over into my juicy cunt. I loved every moment of it. I savored his cock thrusting again and again into me.

Yes, yes, yes! Monica whimpered, squirming through another orgasm. Oh, Sir Bryce! I need you in me!

The paladin lunged up her body. He kissed her with hunger and rammed his cock into her twat. She gasped into their kiss, shuddering beneath him. I shuddered, savoring Barg slamming into my snatch. He buried into me over and over. He slammed that amazing cock into my pussy's hot depths.

It was incredible to enjoy. To experience that hard cock plundering my snatch again and again. My pussy rippled around him, my small orgasm dying down to bliss. But another built and built. My nervous system ached for it.

Yes, yes, Barg! I gasped. Soothe my pussy!

With great vigor! he growled, ramming his cock into me. I shall alleviate all your discomfort and replace it with bliss.

Yes! I moaned, so eager for him to do just that.

He did it with hard thrusts. He buried his cock into me over and over. His dick vanished into me. That wonderful bliss surged through my conductive nerves. I shuddered, my hips wiggling from side to side, celebrating every last thrust of his cock into my snatch.

Every hard plunge.

Every fast thrust.

My eyes widened. I savored the rapture. My hips danced from side to side. I stirred my cock around in him. The pleasure built and built in me. This wild bliss that would have me gasping out in ecstasy.

His dick pummeled my cunt. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. It was delicious. The best in the world. My fingers clawed at the bedroll as he hammered his dick into my cunt. 

Barg! Barg! I moaned over the crackle of the fire.

My sweet Illina! he growled, pummeling me. You are engorging my passion.

My eyes widened as the base of his cock swelled. His knot grew. I loved this part. I wiggled my hips from side to side and moaned, Yes, yes, I can tell!

His knot hammered into my pussy lips. His cock couldn't thrust as deep into my pussy any longer. Not until he buried that swollen base into me. I shuddered, my labia drinking in the impacts. Pleasure shot through me.

I loved every moment of it. I groaned, squeezing down on him. I knew that was making it harder for him to knot me, but it swelled my pleasure. My pussy drank in the hot friction, feeding my impending orgasm.

Come on, Barg, knot me! I moaned. Ram that dick into my tight pussy!

Oh, yes! gasped Monica. Pater's cock, yes!

Slata's hairy cunt! grunted Sir Bryce as he pumped away on her, the pair having their own fun.

Barg! I panted. You can do it!

I have never failed to knot a woman! growled Barg, his swollen cock hammering at my pussy lips. They stretched with each attempt, coming closer and closer to swallowing him. I shall not start now!

He slammed forward hard.

His knot hit my pussy lips. My labia stretched around the swollen ball. I moaned, back arching beneath him. Pleasure flared. His cock popped to the hilt in me. My snatch sealed tight around the base of his cock.

He tied me.

Came.

Barg howled as his hot jizz spurted into my pussy. I joined him, throwing back my head and crying out my rapture. My pussy convulsed around his thick dick. My hot flesh spasmed while the rapture burned through my nervous system. 

Stars exploded across my vision again. I reveled in their beauty while I moaned and gasped. My small breasts jiggled. My naughty pussy milked his cock. My twat rippled and writhed around him. The pleasure surged through my body. It hit this wild peak in me while more and more of his cum pumped into my depths.

Cernere's black cunt! I groaned as I hit that pinnacle of ecstasy.

I floated there, tied to my lover. His forelegs gripped me. He panted as my pussy milked out the last of his cum. My pleasure died to that wonderful bliss, my nervous system buzzing with conductive rapture.

Then I lowered my head, panting. Groaning. I rubbed my face into my hands, struggling to catch my breath. It was incredible. Monica still moaned beside us, getting fucked hard by Sir Bryce and his stamina.

Then Barg shifted.

His forelegs became arms, paws elongating into fingered hands that cupped my small breasts. His body shifted over me, chest pressing into my back. Only his cock stayed the same, still tied to me even in his human form.

He held me and rolled me onto our side. I shuddered, loving the feel of his arms around me, his cock in me, my pussy soaking in his cum. The rigors of the day's ride felt melted from my body, soothed by his passion.

Mmm, I needed that, I sighed, my eyes closing.

As did I, he said. Sleep. We have to do it all over again.

I groaned, not wanting to think about another day of riding. And then another and another. I sighed, focusing on his cock, on Barg holding me, and my freedom from the collar. I wasn't bound to the paladin any longer.

I could leave. Flee.

I wouldn't. Cernere's Black Vault awaited. I would be the first to succeed. I wouldn't fail like my mother. I would triumph. 

As I drifted off into sleep, I stored more of Barg's cum in me. More of the material to build my own daughter one day. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

Sir Bryce pumped away at my pussy while I watched Barg holding Illina. The redheaded, petite thief, the clockwork beauty, had a happy smile on her face as she closed her eyes. He was tied to her, knotted in her pussy.

What must that be like?

My cunt squeezed down on Sir Bryce's cock. He grunted over me, driving his dick into my pussy. His lips kissed at my ear. He nibbled and licked it. My breasts rubbed into his chest. My nipples throbbed. Burst with pleasure.

Monica! he groaned. Gods, Monica.

Cum in me, my love, I moaned, ripping my gaze from Barg's handsome, dark face. He watched me now as Illina fell asleep in his arms. Just pump your seed in me!

My pussy drank in the friction. I hovered on the edge of my own pleasure. I was so close to it. My fingernails bit into Bryce's strong back. My paladin hammered my twat with powerful thrusts, burying into my pregnant pussy again and again.

My clit throbbed and pulsed with pleasure. The sparks flared. The ecstasy simmered, about to blaze through me. My thighs gripped his hips. I held him tight as he buried to the hilt in me. He groaned and then grunted. He fired his seed into me.

Spurt after spurt of his cum flooded into my pussy. It triggered my own orgasm.

Pater's mighty cock! I moaned, knowing first hand just how mighty that dick was. Bryce! Yes!
My body bucked as my orgasm burned through me. The rapture rippled through me. My cunt spasmed and writhed around his cock, worshiping his dick firing his cum into my depths. The bliss carried me higher and higher, my body trembling beneath his strong form.

My pregnant pussy savored every spurt of cum. Spasmed to work out every last drop of seed brimming at that moment in his balls. They rested against me. I shuddered, my nipples rubbing into his chest. He grunted and groaned.

Then he panted, Slata's hairy cunt.

Mmm, I know, I groaned, my pleasure dying down. That was wonderful. I love you, my paladin.

Love you, he groaned and then rolled off of me.

I gasped as his cock slid out of me. He settled on his back, staring up at the sky, his breathing slowing. I groaned, missing his weight on me already. I wanted to feel him atop mein mefor a little longer. Held in his strong arms.

He was already asleep. I sighed and glanced over at Barg. He appeared asleep, too, but he held his Illina. Was tied to her. I bit my lip, envying that intimacy. Of having my lover's cock knotted to my pussy and stuck in me for a while.

I glanced at Bryce. His chest rose and fell, painted ruddy by the coals. His amulet gleamed in the light, the white squares of the checkerboard appearing stained red. I bit my lip and then rolled into him, wanting to hold him.

He was a distant man. Reserved, but I would win through him. I would not think about Barg and his unusual cock. I wasn't the old Monica. I didn't get to take my pleasure where I wanted. I had committed myself to monogamy.

Good things shouldn't be easy, right? And this was so hard.

I hugged Bryce tight, rubbing my aching nipples into him. His seed leaked out of me while thoughts of Barg's swelling cock danced in my head. I groaned, wanting to find sleep and escape these tormenting desires. 

Sleep didn't want to come no matter how hard I tried. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Barg

After I unknotted from Illina, I sat up to take first watch. I'd agreed to do it. I felt restless. It was good to be traveling again. I never liked to stay in one place for long. There was so much of the world to see. Even for one as old as me.

Monica seemed to be in a restless state, squirming and whimpering as she dreamed while Illina lay nearly motionless. She hardly moved during sleep, her body almost shut down as she rested. I sat on the stump and watched the stars wheel.

I smiled at the constellations: Las's Cum formed a bright band that circled the ecliptic of the heaven, stretching from horizon to horizon. Above it, Biaute appeared about to dip her foot in it, her nipples both bright, one tinged with a reddish hue, the other more blue than other starts. They were some of the brightest in the sky. Cernere crept above, captured in the moment of impending theft. The Mother of Dragons winged below, the first of Matar's self-impregnated children born.

Monica groaned as she staggered to her feet. She padded off into the dark. My ears caught the sounds of her passing water. As I recalled, pregnant women had to do that often. It made me wonder if a clockwork woman would have the same issue.

Would Illina ever want to create a daughter of herself? A clone who'd look just like her? Just like her mother, Hathila. A line of redheaded and fair-skinned clockwork women who reached back to one of the daughters born to the original clockwork created by Krab and impregnated by Las and his powerful cum.

Krab's anvil just peeked over the horizon as Monica padded back, naked, her round breasts jiggling. She glanced at me from across the fire. She hesitated. She glanced down at the sleeping Bryce then at me.

She padded around the fire towards me, the dying coals spilling orange highlights about her gorgeous body. I could see why Pater had come down from the Astral Realm on his rainbow to make love to her. My cock twitched.

I have to pee all the time, she said as she sat down. At least that's what it seems. I don't think I'm that far along for it to really happen, but that's what everyone says happens.

How far are you?

Two months. She grabbed her flat stomach, rubbing it. He or she is growing in there.

They'll be strong, I said. Mighty heroes. Children of Pater always are.

You speak like you've met one.

A few in my time.

She studied me. You make it sound like you've been around a long time.

A thousand years. I smiled. I can remember seeing High King Peter once, when I was young. He was getting old, after the conquest but before his death. When I saw him, I knew he was a hero. A man who'd slain the dread dragon Dominariath.

The mother of Dominari who was just slain last year by the High King's descendant.

So Angela claims. I shrugged. I never met Angela. I can't say if she's a descendant of Lily.

Oh, she is. The priests at the temple followed the High King's genealogy. He has a number of descendants. Always female. Lily and her descendants never had girls. They say it's Slata's curse. She hated it when her husband fathered children on mortals instead of her. She hasn't had a baby in thousands of years. I feel pity for the Goddess of Womanhood.

I nodded. 

So, a thousand years. You've must have seen and done a lot of things.

I nodded.

Fucked anyone famous?

Her question was startling. She had an innocence about her, but there was a lusty creature beneath her submissive nature. She stared at me with hot eyes that stirred my cock. Yes. Aoife.

Her brow knitted. Isn't she the Tuathan heroine? Part of the Triad?

There used to be many Triads, but they were the last. Seamus, Fiona, and Aoife. They adventured in the Lesh-Ke Mountains eight hundred or so years ago. I chuckled. They say half the people in the Lesh-Ke Mountains are Seamus's descendants.

So he wasn't a fan of monogamy even if he had two wives? Monica asked.

One of his wives wasn't a fan, either. He liked to watch her. I remembered that day. In that tavern. Everyone was enjoying watching me fuck their women in my hound form. Aoifa had come up and wanted it while Fiona had been disgusted. Seamus had enjoyed a barmaid, I think. 

Eight hundred years ago... Where did it all go? My family was cursed into being barguest. Many of my kin had gone mad, become beasts, but not me. I kept my intelligence through the eons. I wonder what made me different? 

Because I didn't retreat to the wilderness but stayed in civilization? Did I defy my curse and thus kept my sanity?

How'd you meet Illina? Monica asked, scooting closer to me.

Through her mother, Hathila. I smiled, remembering the fiery-haired, young thief. We had some adventures together after we were hired onto the same crew to pull this job stealing all the loot from this pirate. Right out of the hold. Hathila was special. Different. Clockworks can live a long time if they don't die.

You found someone you thought would be around for a while?

Maybe. She had a zeal for life, much like her daughter, though she's not as... playful. Illina is still young while Hathila had a few centuries when I met her. She blazed with life, eager to do the impossible. She was hired to break into Cernere's Vault oh... this must have been seven years ago. Last I saw her, she entrusted her daughter to me.

Monica took my hand, sensing the pain welling up in me.

I watched Illina. Raised her through those final, difficult teen years. Hathila never came back, of course. I glanced up at the stars, the emotion biting my eyes. It was the one time I didn't go with her. She needed someone to watch her daughter. This job wasn't in a city. I think if I was with her, I might have saved her. 

Maybe you'll save the daughter, Monica whispered. Her voice had a husky quality. A sweet scent filled my nose. She leaned in close, her thumb stroking the back of my hand. Protect Illina while she's in there.

You should go to bed, I said abruptly, standing up. I can smell your excitement. 

Oh, gods, I'm sorry, she groaned, jumping to her feet and backing away. I didn't mean... It's just your cock...

I know. I glanced at the sleeping paladin. But he doesn't look like the sharing type.

She nodded. I love him, but...

But you just want some sex. Some fun fucking from me, not love. I get that. I looked her up and down, my cock swelling hard. I would love to bend you over and take you hardto slam my knot into youbut...

Yes, yes, I promised him. She leaned in and kissed my cheek, her breasts brushing my chest. My cock rubbed into her stomach. It twitched and throbbed. I won't do this again. I won't talk to you alone. I don't want to hurt him. He's already had too much pain in his life.

And you haven't?

She backed away. He saved me from experiencing more. I need to do the same to him.

Monica turned around. Her rump swayed as she skittered around the fire and returned to her lover. I groaned, my dick so damned hard. Swollen and aching. I wanted to just stroke it. I wanted to grab her, take her off into the dark, and fuck her hard. 

Her paladin never had to know that I'd enjoyed her. One fuck, and she'd get that curiosity out of her system. She'd have her lust satiated. Just some fun. Illina wouldn't mind. She'd just be annoyed she hadn't gotten to join the fun.

But Sir Bryce...

No, I had lived too long. I wasn't about to get killed. Not when I had to watch out for Illina. I had lost her mother, but the daughter was exciting in her own ways. Stimulating. I could spend a thousand years indulging Illina's schemes and plots. 

I settled back down, ignored my aching cock, and stared up at the stars as I awaited the time to wake Sir Bryce for his turn at watch. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan  Free City of Raratha

We left Raratha early the next morning. I rode a horse for the first time in fifty years, Saniyya sitting on her mare gracefully at my side. Hargone and Swift rode before us as we passed out of the gate into the predawn morning, the workers just filtering into the olive grove.

Hargone drank a vial of pussy juices. He did something to our mounts that sped them up. We cantered them instead of walking. He could follow their trail with his magic by using a bit of Illina's blood Swift had procured from the inn. 

The blue hue of it had made it certain it was hers.

I couldn't believe she wasn't human. No wonder she was so skilled at eating pussy.

The trail left the main highway heading northwest and took the road leading north to the Ten-It Forest. We followed it, our horse's canter eating up the distance. We were moving so much faster than we should, the terrain blurring past us.

At noon, we came across their camp. They had ridden the entirety of the day before to reach this point. We'd done it in half the time. I quivered as Hargone rubbed at the ground, his magic rippling out of it.

She fucked right here, he said. Her juices are still lingering.

Then we'll have them by nightfall, I said. Let's ride!

I wanted my necklace back and Illina between my thighs, eating my cunt. Apologizing to me. With Kargon's magic, I would make her into my puppet. I would break her to eat my cunt on command. 

It would be glorious.

To be continued...
