My fangs had retracted, and I was frozen on the spot. I honestly had no idea what had happened. One second the vampire was there, and the next he was up in flames and a pile of disgustingness on the ground. There was no way that I had done that...right? Oh, how I wish my momma was here right now.

Shaking what had just happened off I stepped over the pile of dead vampires and ran down the hall. As I ran I heard my heels hitting the floor. I looked down and realized that I was still wearing my clothes that I had worn to work the last time. Whenever that was.

There was an elevator at the end of the hall, but I decided to use the stairs instead. The elevator would be way too risky. You never know who's going to get on and off one of those things. Even at that those things break down and get stuck every so often. Knowing my luck it would stop and get stuck if I were to get on it. So, no to elevator, and yes to stairs.

Opening the door that lead to the stairs, I ran in and quietly shut the door behind me. I'd rather be safe than sorry. After making sure the coast was clear and that no one was coming up the stairs, I began making my way down them.

About every two or three floors the stairs would come to a dead end. Who the hell built a hotel like this? The stairs should go from the first to the eleventh floor and vice versa. Not go from floor eleven to floor nine and then make you go into the hall and down to the other end to get to another set of stairs that leads from nine to seven and so on.

After thinking it through for a few seconds, I finally concluded that whoever built this place must've built it after vampires came out of the coffins. The builder must've built it so that if a vampire brought a women or man here against there will, he or she would get confused if trying to escape and be caught before they could. Smart person. But, not smart enough.

Making my way out into the hall on the seventh floor, I made sure that no one was coming and then walked to the other end of the hall to go to the third set of stairs that I'd been on since I started my escape. I probably had about three or maybe four sets of stairs left before I made it to the lobby floor.

I wondered if the elevators were built the same way as the stairs. Not wanting to chance it, I pushed my wonder into the back of my head and continued my way to safety. Unfortunately, I was beginning to get frustrated. At the moment, me getting frustrated and angry was not the best idea.

When I get angry my powers tend to start working on there own. Then it dawned on me. I could use my powers to escape. No, wait...that wouldn't be the smartest idea. My kind, hybrids I mean, were endangered as is. If anyone or anything found out about my powers...well...I'd be screwed. Unless, of course, I killed them. And, I wouldn't be able to kill everyone before someone got to me first. Maybe I could kill about half, but that would leave the other half. So, there went my only easy way out.

Before entering the lobby I straightened my clothes and got my composure as calm and easy looking as possible. I didn't want to draw attention to myself and just in case I did...I had my fangs to help me pass as a vampire.

As I passed the front desk in the main lobby I saw a calender hanging on the wall. Looking closer to see what the date was my jaw dropped. No way! It couldn't be. There was no way that I was knocked out that long. A week! No, just no. I couldn't have. It's impossible. Well, unless...unless Drake injected me with sleeping pills or medicine or something. Oh, that mother fucker! I had never wanted to kill him more than I did right now.

Continuing my way to the door, I was practically stomping like an angry kid. Just as I made it to the door all hope of escaping tonight was ruined. Standing there at the door was...you guessed it...Drake. He had a smirk on his face.

I sighed a frustrated sigh, rolled my eyes, and crossed my arms. Great! Just fucking great! I wonder how long he was standing there. Surprisingly, though, he actually had a bag from a clothing store down the road. The store...Azalea Boutique...Oh my god! I recognized it right away. We were in San Fransisco!

My prayers were slightly answered. San Fransisco was two hours ahead of Bon Temps, Louisiana time. So, if I astral projected to Bon Temps or Shreveport around about...let's see...in San Fransisco the sunrises at 6:55 a.m. and in Louisiana the sunrises at 6:30 a.m. Two hours ahead here means if I projected to Bon Temps around...oh shit! I could go to Bon Temps at 5:00 a.m. after Drake retires for the day since here it'd be 6:55 a.m. of course and there it would be around 4:55 a.m. I could make this work. I'd have about an hour to fill everyone in Bon Temps in on where I was. All I needed now was to know what room number I was staying in and in what hotel.

"Beautiful, it's so nice of you to come and meet me here when I got back," Drake said with a fake sweet smile.

He was playing it off so that the guards didn't notice anything off. Apparently, whoever owned the hotel now didn't like when vampires kidnapped victims and brought them here to stay in captivity. Now I understood why he lied about us being married. He didn't want his ass to get caught. Jackass!

I fake smiled back. I was beyond tempted to just start screaming at the top of my lungs that he was keeping me hostage in the room he had rented out. But, I didn't. I wanted nothing more than for him to be killed. If I was saved now, god only knows where he'd be when we came back to kill him. Even though I wanted nothing more than to go home and sleep in my own bed and wear my own clothes that I bought for myself...until Drake was dead I'd never catch a break.

I was pulled out of my thoughts when I felt someone's tight grip on my upper arm. The same arm that had my hand with the broken fingers attached to it. A jolt of pain went straight to my broken fingers for some strange reason, as well as my upper arm. The pressure was enough to make me want to gnaw my own off to get away from it. But, how silly would that be.

"What did you do to your fingers, beautiful?" he asked, pretending to care.

What the hell was up with him and calling me beautiful. It was pissing me off. "Like you care," I snapped.

"Now, now, beautiful. If I didn't care then I wouldn't be asking. Now would I?" Drake asked as he tightened his grip on my arm and gave me an "I dare you to scream" look.

I glared back with a "I'll scream if I want to fucking scream" look.

When we got into the elevator as soon as the doors closed and we were alone he tightened his grip once again on my arm and violently turned me to face him. We stood there having a showdown of glares.

Then he spoke, "I've been nothing, but nice to you since you've been here with me. I got us the honeymoon suite, I gave you time alone, and I even went shopping to get you new clothes." His glare only maximized as he shook my arm and asked, "And, this...this is how you repay me?" Anger was obviously clear in his voice. "You ungrateful bitch!"

"Ungrateful bitch?" I hissed. Now I was equally angry. "If either of us is ungrateful it's you!" I seethed. "YOU had it arranged for me to be kidnapped my own damn home and YOU are the one keeping me in this fucking place against my will!"

"You better be fucking glad that I didn't just kill you when I had the chance!" he yelled at me.

I swear I felt the elevator rock with the force of his yell. "Well, why didn't you?"

"Because instead I'm planning on turning you so that we can spend eternity together like we were meant to do all along," he answered, cluing me in on his plan.

I stood there shocked. No, no way! I would not allow it. I refused to ever become a full vampire. If that was even possible seeing as if I am what I am. I'm already going to live for eternity. Both my vampire and witch sides combined entitled me to living a long life. I mean take my mom for example. She's 36 now, but when she turns 38 she'll be stuck forever as she looked when she was 38. Witches stop aging just like vampires. It is a little bit harder to figure out why and when witched stop aging though, but the fact of the matter is that they do indeed stop aging sometime in their lives.

When the elevator doors opened, Drake kept his grip on my arm and walked out of the elevator forcing me with him. When we made it to the door to the suite, which was still open since I didn't close it when I was trying to escape, he shook his head and looked at me.

"You just had to kill them didn't you?" he asked in disgust. "How'd you do it?" he asked. "There's no way you could kill both of them. You could only kill one at a time and the other would have instantly caught on to what you had done to the other."

"I don't know how I killed the other," I answered him honestly in an angry tone.

"You lying bitch!" he exclaimed, swinging me into the room and throwing me to the floor.

"Bitch!" I hissed out as I hit the floor.

"It's going to be a pleasure when you're mine and I can control every little thing you do," he told me.

"In your dreams you fucking bastard!" I hissed as he walked in and closed the suite door behind him. All hell was about to break lose. I just knew it.