This one is a bit longer. Still all feedback and possible RP partners to cunnybunnyboi@gmail.com ! <3

--

Hunny's ass was dripping with come. The stranger's name was Ryan, though it was irrelevant, but he gave the man his number, just in case. Ryan had treasured it, kissing Hunny and playing with his little tiny cock for a good fifteen minutes before he could pull away. He had been fascinated, really, that even rock hard his dick wasn't longer than one singular inch, and when soft it rested so cutely on top of equally tiny balls.

The booth watcher, Joel, had his mouth firmly attached to the boy's cunt, licking the inside of Hunny to clean his sweet hole of come. Both of them had come inside him several times, and Hunny had raised his ass for onlookers to come inside of as well. Dozens of men barely able to go longer than just a few minutes had fucked his ass, leaving him full to the brim of semen. He had the come of at least one hundred men deep in his cunny. They had stuck their cocks of all sizes and shapes in Hunny's ass, pounding once or twice in the tight cunny, before they orgasmed. An obscene amount of the sticky substance was inside of him, and Hunny had requested his bunny tail butt plug, which was only seven inches long (in comparison to his other ones), so that he could hold the hot, sticky mess inside of him.

And now, the wet sounds of a hungry man were very audible, emanating from the little boy's cunt. His bunny buttplug laid on the floor, discarded after being licked clean like a precious Popsicle in the middle of summer. Hunny reclined back in his seat, a comfy armchair, legs against his chest, pressing his once again engorged tits together, still increasing in size. He needed to get to the machine, or else they'd never go down. For now, Hunny moaned, his little cunnyhole twitching around that tongue thrusting inside of him-- there was nothing he enjoyed more than a hot rimming after being pounded.

"Mmnnaaah," was all he had to say, squirming as he felt the last of it leave him. Joel rubbed the insides of his thighs, kissing the little boy's fuckhole for a little while longer, finally pulling away. He'd had Hunny pretend he was even younger than he appeared, a little first grader who'd been naughty in class, who was turning six in a week.

Joel smiled up at Hunny, beaming even, before standing and waving goodbye, shyly shuffling back to his post. Hunny dazedly stood, wandering over to the bed across the room.

It had a number of pillows, so that he could prop himself up for the two men that would come in next. Thousands and thousands of dollars would be paid for a half hour with Hunny's titties and his milk, with some added toying with his tiny cock. 

The boy arranged himself, mussing his wild hair, enormous and full tits resting against his body. He played with himself, squeezing nipples almost as large as his small palms, round and puffy. Squeezing them, Hunny's little baby length twitched, hopping upwards as a trickle of milk squeezed out. tugging one of the heavy breasts towards his mouth, he began suckling on himself, the sweet ambrosia spilling from the corners of his sweet lips. They were wonders on their own, red and usually swollen from a kiss, luscious and pillowy.

Arranging himself, the two men that came in next found him like that, his own liquid dribbling from the corner of his mouth, knees up, legs spread. His cunt was visible, soft and squishy cheeks settled apart so that his glistening pussy and his baby clit resting on top of baby balls were visbile, with Hunny sucking on his own tit, squeezing his other nipple so that the sweet white milk sprayed his clit.

One of the men was tall, burly. Muscular and chiseled, an Adonis. He had dirty blond hair and stubble-- and his extremely large cock was already hard in his jeans. The other man was a delicious sight for Hunny as well, a black man with wild dreadlocks and bright blue eyes. His cock was already hanging out of his pants, thick and long and hard, longer than a foot...He was tall and lean, a sleek runner's body.

Releasing his nipple from his mouth, Hunny smiled, bouncing his currently double I breasts lightly. They jiggled, resting on his chest as the both of them ducked in to hold them for Hunny. When the tiny boy stood at his whole four and some feet tall, they went down past his rib cage, and went outwards almost an entire foot they were so big-- full of milk for the taking. He closed his eyes as rough hands held them, suckling on his swollen, puffy nipples hungrily. He felt one or two fingers rub his clitty, just stroking the underside lightly with what felt like just a man's pinky, making him mewl at the sensations. He felt the pressure start to subside in his chest, sighing contently, as these two amazing older men drank his milk like babies.

The room was only filled with the sounds of feeding, and some milk was taken by the wonderful blond man, a whole mouthful, before releasing the breast. He moved down, to suckle on Hunny's little clit, the length going barely halfway back on his tongue, and started to suckle on his balls as well, all in his mouth, filled with Hunny's milk. The black man's hands took up the slack for the blond's mouth, milk sliding down the boy's belly and all over the bedsheets-- he kept feeding, suckling so hungrily, so starved for the precious sweet substance, and his fingers squeezed Hunny's nipple. Milking him by hand, letting it drip and spray all over the three of them.

The blond let milk dribble down to his sweet little asshole, after sucking on the tip of his toddler sized and shaped cock. It was remarkable how technology was able to delay, and even reduce the size of an already tiny clit. His little boy dick had been three inches before, but Hunny wasn't happy with that. Enough hormone treatment made his sweet little balls shrink, same to his tiny, tiny clitty. The blond man forced the milk into Hunny's pussy, funneled by a warm tongue, which did nothing but eat his ass, slurping and sucking, drinking the liquid after the little boy's muscles squeezed it back towards him. 

He let out a strong groan, fed directly into his tight pussy, and he kept on eating Hunny's cute little butt. Both of his hands squeezed a cheek, the soft and squishy flesh an absolute delight, gripping them with ease, shaking them just to feel it.

"Mmnhnnah!" Hunny squirmed, bucking, strainging into the mouth suckling against his puffy nipple, and the one against his hole. "W-What are your names?"

"Alexander," groaned the blond man, his grip on Hunny's round and full cheeks still strong. He'd grab, let go, then slap them, just to feel them jiggle against his hands. He knew from previous sights that it was perfectly full and round, and longed to fuck them. Not his sweet little boy pussy, though he wanted a piece of that as well, but the actual cheeks-- both them and his enormous breasts. 

"Lucas," the lean dark man murmured into the nipple. His hands had one each, and though he had large hands he could barely grab the soft white flesh. He switched, to suck on the other milk filled titty, his fingers moving to milk the other. Hunny's lithe little body was covered in milk, Alexander and Lucas were as well, it was squirting all over in wonderful thick jets. Lucas rolled over onto his back, tugging the boy to sit on top of him, starting to press his sweet ass on top of his massive cock. It was so large and thick, pulsing and waiting just for his cunny. 

Winking down at Lucas, if the gorgeous man could see him past the huge squishy breasts in his face, and he sank down entirely on the fat cock. It was so much inside of him, Hunny screamed a gorgeous moan. Alex just watched, mouth agape, the wonderfully sweet little boy cunt no longer against him. Just that ass. That gorgeous ass. Lucas just grunted, cursing as he started to rock up into that ass. He grabbed onto a breast and started to suckle harder than before, wanting to see a noticeable size difference in the boy's breasts than when he had started. It spilled out from between his lips, lubricating their bodies so he could start to sharply piston in and out of the little girl, because that's what Hunny was to Lucas. A little girl, eight years old and with the most gorgeous clitty he'd ever felt rubbing against his belly. Soon, as he felt so much milk flow into his belly, they would shrink.

Alex just stood on his knees-- and though the dreadlocked man was fucking Hunny's pussy, he wanted a chance to fuck the ass. He grabbed the cheeks, shaking them-- they were just as round and huge and soft and utterly perfect as he had remembered. Lucas snapped his hips, a few inches in and out at a time soon swiftly changed into his entire fat cock pistoning in and out of Hunny, eased by the amount of milk coating his cock. Lucas kept his mouth on a nipple that was so big it almost took up his entire mouth-- so the blond took his chance.

He tugged out his cock-- it had made a gigantic wet spot in his jeans. His was not necessarily very long, but very thick, and he lodged it between Hunny's cheeks, grabbing them to squeeze them around his cock. The underside of his own length was rubbing up against Lucas'-- it was so fucking hot.

"MMnnha!" Hunny squealed, his left tit getting smaller. It was down to a double G cup, he guessed, and Lucas switched. Milk was pouring down around his mouth and into his wild dreads-- he didn't care. Alex just started to hump the soft asscheeks-- "Fuck, this is so fucking good, little girl, fuck. Your little ass is so fucking soft," Alex grunted, pumping back and forth, humping his actual ass with vigor, the slickness of milk between the asscheeks, the sensitive underside of his dick brushing against Lucas' as they both fucked him so much, so hard and so fast.

Lucas started to lift Hunny, just holding him up with one hand, the other slinking down to gently stroke the baby clit. It was so small, the head, indistinguishable from the rest of his cock, it was just a small, smooth length. So little, so dainty. Really just like a clit, for his little girl. "Baby, you feel so good, so damn tight around Daddy's dick." His thumb pressed against the head and Hunny just cried out again and again in pleasure, his ass being pounded and his cunny being fucked just as hard, a mouth on one of his breasts and a hand on his cock. He came, and instead of what would be age appropriate, tiny clear droplets of not quite come, he came squirt after squirt of hot jizz. 

He didn't question science, and who could care when he was being used like this?

But the men were hardly finished. Alex looked at Lucas, their eyes meeting and a curt nod to each other expressed their idea. Alex stopped fucking the deliciously soft cheeks of Hunny's ass-- and started to try and squeeze his cock into Hunny's ass. The boy whined, the pain sharp and sudden, his own hands squeezing his breasts, sinking into the soft and pale flesh. They rested on Lucas' face, soft cushions as he whined, the fat SECOND cock inside of him burning endlessly. With a pop, Alexander was in, and Hunny had to look back so he could see this.

There were two extremely large dicks inside of him, both hard, and one thick and the other very long. They both started to move in tandem, fucking him endlessly, at different paces. Both of the other men were so close, the feeling of their cocks ramming against each other and into this sweet, warm boy cunt was so fucking hot.

"Fuck," Lucas muttered, eyes on Hunny before moving to Alex's. The blond could feel his balls slap against the other man's, which was far more erotic than it should have been. Hunny's little prick rubbed against Lucas' skin, still shooting thick streams of come-- and both of them shot their hot load into Hunny. Not at the same time, but it was hard to tell who came first. Hunny felt huge squirts of jizz fill his ass, over and over, both of the two men crashing their mouthes together, yanking Hunny into it so they could make a threeway kiss. Hunny licked and sucked on both their tongues, his hands groping his now F cup breasts. He'd need to go to the machine, but at least they were only sore due to the mouths on him.

All three of them collapsed, Alex onto Hunny and Lucas, both of their softening dicks still remaining inside of the boy until their dicks were too soft to stay inside of him. Honey scooted up, giving Lucas the honor of sucking all the hot come out of his ass, which he did at a leisurely pace, the taste of his come mingled with Alex's utterly hot. The blond sucked Lucas' cock, just long enough to get the come off of it, leaning down to try and get a tongue in edgewise to the other man-- and licked up all of Hunny's come, enjoying its sweet taste. Hunny just sighed contently. Men never lasted long with him, not really, but he could never blame them. 

After all, it was rare to get such intense actions and pleasure, especially from a Lil Girl.

He smiled, laying back down on the bed, watching the two other men start to make out, Alex submitting to Lucas, letting himself get pinned by the other man, despite being stronger than him.

Hunny's spent baby clit almost twitched at the sight again. It was almost like he was a cupid. Fancy that.