I have been reading these fabulous stories. I used to imagine that one day I will also share my experience with you peoples. But I got no experience for the loveliest act of the humanity till few days back. Well I had been brought up in a middle class family of Lahore.

We live in the walled city. Our family comprises of me, my younger brother & our mom. I m 25 years of age, having a good health ( you may call fattish) but a very beautiful figure of 34-29-34. I have black eyes & long black hairs.

I m still un married because in our society, it is difficult to find a good boy. I have graduated & these day teaching in a Primary School. My brothers is still in College. He is a brilliant, handsome & sexy guy. But I never thought about him the other way.

One day I read a story from a girl who fucked her brother. I enjoyed the story & thought about trying because I was horny after reading that story. I started to think about my brother. He is so cute. I decided to try him one day.

I started passing him sentences like you look smart & sexy etc. Sometimes, I rub my body with him accidentally posing that I don't know. We got a small house on the first floor of an old building. My brothers sleeps at the roof like other neighbors.

One night, I went upstairs to give him some cloth to cover and suddenly I decided to try today. He was in his deep sleep. I just lay beside him & slowly tried to touch his penis. I just put my right hand and felt his length by slight pressure. It was starting to erection.

I was afraid, if he awakes, but no matter, I started giving him a message by stroking his tool up and down thru the lungi, he was wearing. I got his cloth slid down slowly & wow, his cock was in my hands.

I was trembling with its lusty touch and slowly started to stroking him by sliding its skin up down. It was hard and hot after few strokes. I could not control & just touched my tongue over its tip. It was sweet & sensational. He was still sound asleep.

I opened my mouth and took its head in my mouth & tried my tongue over it slowly. After few seconds I tool half the length in my mouth and started sucking it slowly. Suddenly I felt that he was awake because he pulled my hair & whispered who are you.

It was too dark & he could not recognize that who the hell I was. I closed his mouth by my hand & acted too fast to lock his lips with mine. At least he came to know that there is some girl in his bed. I gave him a deep sucking kiss.

He was struggling to see me. I whispered in his ear that its me, Roshi, his sister. He suddenly got up with a jerk & looked into my eyes. I hide my face with both hands. My breasts were moving fast because of lust & fear. My upper two buttons were open.

Thinking that its the time, I pulled him again & hugged him tightly by pressing my tongue in his mouth. Soon he started to react and responded my kisses. I guided his left hand to my breast & pressed it on my tit. He knew the motion & he started to squeeze both my boobs slowly.

He was kissing me so hard. I was enjoying the moment. I once again sat on my knees and took his now fully erected cock in my mouth & started giving him the first ever blow job of his life. He was moaning in pleasure. Soon I felt that he is about to cum.

I pulled his cock out of my mouth & soon he spurted his semen on my face & hands. It was so thick & coming in so fast I tried to taste it. He had closed his eyes in lust.. Soon after few moments he came to normal.

At this moment, I felt that my mom has awake downstairs. I rushed down & lay beside her to show her that I m sleeping there. Next morning, I tried to look into his eyes but he avoided to face me. I thought that he will tell Mom about all that.. but he did not.

He went outside after breakfast. Going out, he told my mom that he will come late in the night. So I planned to enjoy tonight also. I made my mom to sleep upstairs at roof and kept waiting for him. I put that silky lungi at his bed knowingly that he should put it before going to sleep.

He knocked at about 1.30 am. I was waiting for him. I went to open the door without dupatta. I was not wearing my bra. I kept the upper two buttons open. My cleavage was visible badly. I knew that he will notice those gorgeous mounds definitely.

He came in. I asked him if he needs food. He said no he has eaten. Now I was scared enough to go near him. I said I am going to see mom if she needs any thing. I also said that he will have to sleep here in the room because mom has already gone up.

He said ok. I went upstairs & found my mom fast asleep. I came back down stairs. He had changed his dress and was wearing that sexy lungi. I said you seem tired. Do you need head press. He said its ok. I got nearer to him.

At once he looked into my eyes & asked what were you doing last night in my bed. I was stunned in fear, but I collected some courage and said I was covering you with the sheet because you were totally naked.

He was smiling and asked did you tell anything to Ammi about that. I said no. He said he is sorry about catching me & kissing me on the tits because he was so horny. I was happy. I said leave that topic. Lay down I will give you a head message.

He laid down & I climbed on the cot and I started to finger press his head. He felt it so soothing.. He closed his eyes and moaned in pleasure. I said turn to your belly, I may give you a message on your back.

He did so and I started caressing his back right from his neck shoulders up to his thighs & toes. I stopped at his butt cheeks for a while. I knew he was getting a hard on after every touch. He started praising me. He said you are great.. I love you.

You are so helpful in the house. In the meantime I unbuttoned my shirt completely & my breasts were moving with every jerk. I asked him if he likes, I can give him an oil message to relax his tiredness. He said he will be happy.

Doing all this I have made him semi naked by pulling that lungi down with every stroke. I poured some oil on his back & started to give him relief. I squeezed his back & lifted his lungi completely. His but was naked totally.

I applied heavy oil on his thighs & back with slight pressing his ass crack. I stayed my hand for few seconds there exploring the hole. He was so happy, satisfied & started to moan loudly. I said keep quite some one may listen your moans.

I was sliding my hand deep down his ass touching his balls.. Then I made him turn & lay on his back. He cock was covered with lungi. I did not touch it & kept massaging on his chest, belly & legs, and knees and feet. I kept uncovering his cock by every move & started touching it.

AAAAAAH He closed his eyes & when I touched his erected cock with my oily hands first time, I just slid my hand down as it was by mistake. The second time when I touched his cock, he held my hand & pressed it on his cock. I was so excited.

I started moving my hand up & down on his tool. He started moaning again. I put one of my hand on his mouth. I said to him keep quite. He then pulled my face to his mouth & kissed me on my lips. I was waiting for this moment since long.

I just responded eagerly & replied his kiss with passion keeping my hand gripping his shaft. He embraced me tightly and made me lie with him. He started raining kisses on my mouth, cheeks, lips, chin, throat & at one jerk he tried to remove my shirt.

I said wait. I put off my shirt hurriedly. He turned to me & started kissing my rock hard boobs. He sucked me like mad & hungry kids. I was moving my hand on his penis fast now. I felt that he is shivering. I asked him if he is ok. He said keep doing that. I love the feeling.

I then tried to do it faster.. Then the moment came & he exploded on my hand. I wished I eat that stuff but I felt shy. I cleaned him with my shirt & kept him in my arms. He was sucking me hard. I was still wearing my shalwar. I had used elastic in my shalwar.

He started to move his hands all over my body while I kept his dick in my hand giving strokes slowly again. It was coming to hard on again. I was happy that my dream is coming true. He was trying to push my shalwar down.

I helped him doing so & with a slight effort, I removed the shalwar totally. His lungi was already lying at the floor. He asked me if someone knows about this, what will happen. I said no one can know. He should not worry. He was so hot..

he put his one hand on my pussy.. and started rubbing my pussy tenderly. I was needing his dick badly but I could not say anything to him. I had cleaned my pussy two times in the day. It was nice clean & hairless. He was giving me a message.

I was badly wet.. He was trying to enter his index finger again and again. I was feeling in heaven. I gave him more place to do it easily... He hugged me tight and started licking my hard nipples. By the time, he came up on me. I was now lying under him..

I opened my legs to comfort him. He slowly came down kissing me. I closed my eyes in joy. He slowly came near my pussy & gave me his first kiss over my love nest. He started licking my pussy lips from up to down & from down to up.

It was sensational, light, & pleasant. I was shivering with pleasure. I pressed his head with my hands. He went deep down & gave me enjoyment of my life. I felt a stern orgasm & flooded his mouth with my juices.

He was not ready for this, so I pulled his mouth to mine & started kissing him and licking the juices. I tasted my own juices and kept pleasing him. All the time I have been giving him a hand press & pump. His cock was like iron.. erected like a pole.

I was dying to take it in my starving pussy. So, I left the place & came from his head side & started kissing his lips tightly with my hands touching his length and caressing his chest. He was very much pleased by my movements.

Soon after few minutes, he pulled my head down again but I was not ready for sucking him. I wanted him to fuck me now. So I came on his legs side & sat in between his both legs holding his shaft in my hands.

I applied a rich amount of oil on his pole & applied more on my pussy to avoid any pain. I started guiding his dick in my love hole. It was slipping again and again. My love hole was also very tight. He had been enjoying with closed eyes.

After few attempts, all of a sudden, he pushed me under him and took me in his arms from my armpits. He wrapped me with his chest and locked my lips tightly. The tip of his dick was touching my pussy hole.

He gave a beautiful massage on my wet pussy with his dick. I was enjoying like any thing. After few seconds, he started pushing his erected cock head in my tight pussy. Because of the rich oil, it slipped in slowly.

But OH MY GOODNESS he gave me a sudden jerk & I screamed with pain. He was holding me like hell. After few seconds of stern pain, I felt that he started to move in and out & I started to enjoy. I was swinging in paradise, in his arms.

I was so hot, wet & horny, that I felt that I m cumming again and again. Like I was showering his dick with my love nectar. Soon I felt that he started pushing it fastly. Feeling that now he can unload any time, I just slipped his dick out & held it in my hands.

He remained pushing it in and out. I took his dick in my mouth & feeling the warmth of my mouth, he erupted like a volcano. It was hot, salty & tasteful. He continued coming in my mouth, on my face, on my chest all on my body.

I tried to swallow all of it but it was much for me. I kept jerking his cock in my hand.. He was moaning in pleasure. Soon he was cool & calm and was lying in the bed like an innocent boy. I kissed his lips for few minutes.

He asked me he is sorry about it all. I said its ok. As we both are happy, so its not sin. I asked him I love him too much. He hugged me many times and requested me not to tell any one. How can I tell anyone. I wished this all since long.











