Summary: Maggie and her sister Beatrice enjoy reading a folktale together. Corky rather enjoys it too.Keywords: ff MF reluc oral fant hist humorPart: 4Author: Vinnie Tesla (vinnie_tesla@yahoo.com)Title: Victim/Victorian

Victim/Victorian 
Part 4: Just So
by Vinnie Tesla
   vinnie_tesla@yahoo.com


Corky dreamed he was falling.

Slowly he dropped through an endless dark tunnel, drifting helplessly
downward. The air was close and humid; the walls, covered in elaborate
floral wallpaper, seemed to pulsate about him as if alive. The tunnel
seemed to have had previous inhabitants--occasionally he passed
coatracks and bookshelves. Once he drifted by a framed needlepoint
sampler with the legend "EAT ME".

As he fell, the walls of the shaft narrowed, closing in on him. His
headlong tumbling became a slower feet-first descent. And then he
heard a distant sound. The moment the muffled, rhythmic noise reached
his ears, he knew with a wash of terror what it was. He tried to look
down, but was unable to do so. He tried to brake his slow passage, but
to no avail. And all the time the enormous teeth gnashed below him,
awaiting his arrival.

--------------------

He woke with a start to find that someone was knocking timidly on the
door of his room.

He shook his head, trying to clear it. The quiet knock came
again. "Come in, Beatrice," he croaked in a sleep-thickened voice.

Beatrice slowly opened the door, carrying a tray. Corky silently
congratulated himself on his cleverness. No other Dalrymple woman
would actually await permission before entering a room.

"Mother made you some breakfast," she said, still standing
by the door.

"Thank you, Beatrice," he said, sitting up and yawning. "You can put
it here."

She carefully placed the tray on the bed, then stepped back again shyly.

He poured himself some tea, sugared it, and took a sip. "Are you going
to have some with me?"

"Oh, I already ate!" Beatrice said hastily.

"Well, wo'n't you come sit with me anyway," he suggested.

She stepped over to the bed, and sat, careful not to disturb the
tray. There was silence for a moment as he buttered his toast.

"I'm beginning to get used to waking up in pajamas I didn't put on,"
he ventured at last.

Beatrice blushed and giggled. "I hope not--it was awfully heavy
getting you up the stairs."

Corky darkened a bit himself at this image.

After a moment, Beatrice stood. "Well, I suppose I should be going."

"Must you?" Corky pleaded. "It's very good to talk with someone who's kind
and gentle after the last couple days."

"Oh, you mustn't say that, Mr. Brandywine! Mother likes you an awful
lot, I know she does! And Maggie is very fond of you, too!"

"Beatrice-- I'm sure they do, but their manners are, are, are rather
exhausting. I feel like I must be on my guard at all times when
they're about. And even that doesn't always seem to do much good.

"But you," Corky pleaded, taking one of her hands in his own, "your fine,
ladylike manners, your exquisite maidenly modesty!"

Beatrice blushed quite darkly at this, and lowered her eyes. "Mother
can be rather forceful," she conceded.

"Rather forceful?" Corky laughed, "She's positively--" he checked
himself before saying something potentially tactless. He thought of a
replacement phrase and discarded that as well. A third proposal also
proved unsuitable under scrutiny. "--she's *extremely forceful,*" he
settled on at last, more from desperation than satisfaction. 

"Oh, Mr. Brandywine--" began Beatrice, gazing beseechingly into
Corky's eyes.

"William."

"William. I'm so glad that you've come to stay with us. I feel that
you-- That you and I might--" She stood suddenly.

"I should go."

"But Beatrice--"

"I'll see you this evening, William."

And she was gone.

----------------------
 
The instructor gazed at Corky's drawing with narrowed eyes. In careful
words, he complimented the subtlety of the shading, the vividness with
which he had captured the bowl of fruit that was the day's
assignment. Corky got the impression that Mr. MacKenzie was groping
toward saying something else. Finally he put the picture down and
gazed sharply at Corky's face. "There appears to be an unfortunate
degree of *continental* influence on your current style. Do you catch
my meaning, Mr. Brandywine?"

"No, sir. I'm afraid I do'n't."

"These apples," said his instructor, pointing with the mouthpiece of
his pipe, "bear a distinct resemblance to the *gluteus maximus* of a
female."

"Sir?"

"The posterior region."

"I, I, I understand, sir,"

"Not so startling in itself. The resemblance has been noted by
numerous poets through history, many of them--such as King
Solomon--fine, churchgoing men."

"Yes sir."

"But these grapes here, also manage to resemble a sort of cluster of
glutei maximi, a homology not suggested in the literature. The
oranges, on the other hand, display a resemblance to portions of the
female bosom. Do you follow?

Corky was blushing furiously. "I believe I do, sir."

"Perhaps a transposition is occurring," his teacher suggested,
stroking his grey beard. "I wonder if, when we move on to figure
drawing, you will be submitting studies that resemble great mounds of
produce."

"I shall endeavor not to, sir."

"Capital. Why do'n't you take the rest of the day off, Brandywine."

"Sir?"

"I think you may be overtaxing yourself. One's beginning at University
is a draining experience. Try to get a little rest."

"Yes sir."

--------------------

Corky made his way back to the Dalrymple residence, hands deep in his
pockets, lost in thought. This was the ideal chance for escape! No-one
would be expecting him there--he could slip in and out before his
landlady had even noticed his arrival.

But what of Beatrice? Perhaps he could come and visit her afterwards,
once he had found more suitable lodging...no, the thought was
ridiculous. He would just have to forget about her, as difficult as
that might be.

Corky entered the little alley behind the boarding house and tried the
door of the back entrance. Fortuitously, it was unlocked. The sound of
a piano came from within--apparently Beatrice was practicing again

Corky crept along the corridor, cautious of creaky boards, desperately
trying to remember from his previous exploration which doors led
where. As he passed the door to the parlor, he noticed that the piano
music had stopped. He heard voices and paused to listen.

"What do you have there?" came Maggie's voice.

"Nothing that's any of your concern," Beatrice answered tartly.

"It's a book! What is it? Why wo'n't you show it to me?"

"I told you--it's none of your concern."

"It's a randy book, is'n't it? Who gave it to you? Show it to me, do!"

"Why should I let you see the blasted thing, anyway?" Beatrice
demanded.

"So I do'n't tell Momma you said 'blasted,'" her sister retorted.

"Oh, you're incorrigible! Here, take the stupid book."

"'Tales of the Beginning, by Ruddy Kipper'" read Maggie aloud.

Corky heard the rustle of turning pages.

"How Gamahuching Was Discovered" Maggie read. "My, that is
saucy. Where did you get it?"

"A schoolmate lent it to me," Beatrice admitted.

"Is it any good?"

"See for yourself, if you're so keen for it!"

"Oh, do'n't be cross, Beatrice. Give me a kiss."

"I do'n't want to give you a kiss."

Oh, don't you!"

Corky heard the sounds of a brief struggle, then a long liquid noise,
culminating in a muffled groan from Beatrice.

"You're going to have to struggle more convincingly if you want to
fool Mr. Brandywine," Maggie finally said, a little short of breath.

"Mr. Brandywine is a perfect gentleman."

Corky's heart swelled to hear her speaking well of him.

"Mr. Brandywine is--"

Beatrice interrupted. "Now read the story before you make me cross
again."

"Very well."
      
      How Gamahuching Was Discovered 
 
      Once, long long ago, when the world was young, there dwelt a Man
      and a Woman, O Best Beloved [Maggie read]. They lived, not in a
      yurt, and not in a tipi, and not in an igloo or a quinzee, or a
      bungalow or a cottage, not even in a cave or a crevasse or a
      cavern, but in a teeny tiny deerhide tent just exactly in the
      center of the deep dark pine forest at the very beginning of the
      world

"This is a randy book?" Maggie asked.

"Keep reading." said Beatrice.

      And each day, the Man would strike off to the North or the West,
      and he would hunt and gather and fish, and the Woman would head
      off to the East or South, and gather and hunt and dig, and at the
      end of the day they would meet again by their teeny tiny
      deerhide tent, by a little merry red fire, and share the good
      food they had found, and tell each other stories of their
      adventures, and make up tales of what the world was like
      before the world was made.

      And when night fell, they would lie together in the teeny tiny
      deerhide tent, beneath their deerhide blankets, and the Man would
      feel the soft warm flesh of his Woman against his body, and know
      that the world was good. 

      And he would hold her soft heavy breasts in his big hard hands,
      and smell the smell of her long tangled black hair against his
      face. And as she pressed her round warm bottom against his hips,
      his manhood would thicken and lengthen and harden until it was
      throbbing with need as it slid between the soft and welcoming
      cheeks of the Woman's bottom.

      And as he pressed his rigid manhood against her back, and
      nibbled at her soft neck with his sharp teeth, and breathed his
      hot breath into her ear, as he squeezed her soft breasts in his
      hard hand, and twined his limbs about hers, her womanhood would
      warm and swell and moisten until it was throbbing with need.

      And when the Man ran his fingers through the thick and tangled
      hair between her legs to the hot and slippery folds of flesh,
      and ran his thumb across the hard little center of her desire,
      the sharp smell of her filled the little deerhide tent, and she
      raised her bottom from their bed of pine needles. He would kneel
      behind her, and slide inside, enjoying her heat and wetness,
      until his hips were against her bottom, until her hot little
      mouth was full.

"Oh, this is rather nice," Maggie admitted.

"Well, do'n't stop now," Beatrice urged her, "keep reading."

      ...until her little mouth was full. And she would shake her
      broad brown bottom, and toss her thick black
      hair, and rub her slick little nubbin. And he would thrust his
      hips and groan and shout and squeeze her breasts.

      And in time she would arch her back and all the muscles of her
      body would tense and shudder and then relax, and then he would
      grab her waist and pound against her so that her whole body
      shook with his rutting, and he would roar and spend his seed
      inside of her.

      And then they would dash, all naked and damp, down to the little
      stream that ran through the heart of the woods at the beginning
      of the world, and they would plunge into the chilly waters and
      laugh and splash and roll together on the smooth stones of the
      streambed, and then they would run, shrieking and shivering,
      back to their teeny tiny deerhide tent, where they would roll up
      in their deerhide blankets huddled tight against each other, and
      go to sleep.

      But the night came when the Woman had to walk far and dig deep
      to find enough food, and when the Man curled up beside her in
      their teeny tiny deerhide tent, he found that she was already
      fast asleep. And the next night, when he became hard and hot,
      and she became swollen and damp, and she raised up her hips and
      he slid inside of her, he reached his climax and spent his seed
      within her before her own peak had arrived.

      And it seemed to that Man and that Woman that the rhythm of
      their lives was indefinably disturbed, though neither spoke of
      it.

      One day the Woman set out to the south, but she did not gather,
      or hunt, or dig. She walked and walked until she came to the hut
      of the Cunning Old Woman, who lived at the Foot of the
      Mountains. She had lived at the Foot of the Mountains since the
      World began, and some said she had lived there longer, that she
      was from the World before the World began. And she called out,
      "I am the Woman of the tent in the middle of the Woods at the
      Beginning of the World. I bring you a deerskin blanket to
      exchange for a little of your wisdom." The Cunning Old Woman had
      little need of the blanket, but she was kind as well as cunning,
      so she took the Woman in and listened to her troubles.

      And when she had heard the Woman's tale she said, "Go at once to
      the great dead Oak Tree to the east, where the fierce Bee Clan
      lives. You must use your magic to put them to sleep," (for in
      those days everyone was magic,) "and you must steal the
      sweetness that they gather in their palace.

      "Smear that sweetness from your lips down to your Yoni, and when
      you next see your Husband, give him a kiss; and your love for
      each other shall be restored."

      The Woman did as she had been told. She crept into the palace of
      the fierce Bee Clan, and stole a single handful of the
      sweetness that they hoard with their little daggers. She made
      her way back to the Tent in the middle of the Forest at the
      Beginning of the World. By the time she reached it, night had
      fallen and the shadow of the trees lay all about and the buzzing
      of the insects filled the air. By a little merry red fire
      squatted her husband, gazing into the fire, lost in thought.

      She removed all her clothes there in the chill and dark of the
      forest outside the clearing, and she smeared the sweetness of
      the Bee Clan in a broad line from her chin, down her neck,
      between her heavy breasts, along her smooth round belly, into
      the thick black tangle of the hair betwen her legs,

"What are you doing?" interrupted Beatrice.

"A little dramatization," Maggie said, amid much rustling of fabric.

"You're not wearing drawers!" Beatrice exclaimed.

"Mother does'n't."

"Keep reading.

      ...into the thick black tangle of the hair between her legs, and
      down to her little nether mouth where its fluids mingled with
      her own. And she stepped into the clearing, and into the light
      of the fire.

      To the Man, it seemed as if one of the wild spirits of the
      forest had taken form and strode towards him now, naked, hips
      swaying, with a bewitching smile upon her face. Her feet trod
      bare upon the soft needles of the forest floor, and her wild
      tangled black hair flowed behind her. Her dark eyes sparkled in
      the firelight. Without thinking, he rose to his feet.

      "Hello Husband," she said, and kissed him. Her dark nipples
      brushed against his deerhide jerkin. Her breath was hot, her
      lips full and moist, sticky and sweet. He lapped the sweetness
      from her lips and chin, and her hands gripped his head and
      guided him down to her neck. He ran his tongue along the tendons
      of her neck, down to the hollow of her throat, and she cried
      out, her voice swallowed up by the surrounding dark.

"Rub my *yoni* a little, wo'n't you, Beatrice?" Maggie asked.

"I might," pouted her sister.

"You'll like it," Maggie urged, "it's all wet and slippery for you."
Then a moment later: "Oh, yes, that's lovely. Just keep rubbing right
there."

Corky's hands were quivering fists at his sides. He would *not*
masturbate himself in the corridor while eavesdropping on his
landlady's daughters. The very idea was grotesque. Instead, he should
clearly take advantage of their distraction to make his escape.

      ...she cried out, her voice swallowed up by the surrounding
      dark. He licked down the center of her chest, pausing along the
      way to suck at her fat nipples, hard and crinkled in the cool
      night air until she pressed at his head, and he lowered once
      again to press his face against the taut skin of her soft brown
      belly.

      He slid his tongue inside her navel and sucked out the sweet
      fluid within, then followed the trail of wispy black hairs that
      led down to the hair between her legs, as wild and black and
      tangled as the immense forest they stood at the center of. And
      from that patch of hair rose a rich, bewitching smell, sharp and
      floral, sweet and animal all at once. And the Man buried his
      face in the Woman's hair, and heard her sigh a sigh he had never
      heard before. He brought his mouth lower, and tasted the sweet,
      slippery folds of the Woman's sex. He felt her strong little
      fingers twining in his tangled black hair, pressing his face
      against the fulcrum of her desire. He lapped away at the pungent
      and slippery folds until the sweetness stolen from the Bee Clan
      was but a memory, and continued to lick as the sweetness that
      flowed from the Woman took its place. He held the broad strong
      cheeks of her bottom as she twisted and ground herself against
      his tangled black beard, until finally her legs trembled, her
      fingers gripped his shoulders painfully, and she shrieked out
      her pleasure to the sky above.

      She looked down at the Man and smiled in contentment, but a wild
      rage was in him. He seized her and threw her to the earth, then
      he pushed her legs up to her shoulders, laying open  the sticky
      black fur and slick rosy flesh at their joining, then plunged his
      aching member within, and rode her with a fury soon matched by
      her own, so that they rolled and scratched and bit upon the pine
      needles beside the merry little red fire.

      And when the Man howled and spent his pleasure within the Woman,
      he rolled off of her, and lay panting among the pine needles,
      while she, pursuing further enjoyment, brought her hands to her
      now-tender but still unsatiated parts. And when the Man heard
      her moans, he sprawled between her legs and tongued the ardent
      little nubbin until her legs clamped about his head, her heels
      drummed upon his back, and she gave voice to a long, low wail,
      and then pulled him up and lay twined with him gasping for air
      beside their little fire in the middle of the Great Forest.

      It was many minutes before they found energy to move. They
      walked with slow steps and aching limbs to the stream, where
      they washed each other in the chill gurgling water, then went
      into their teeny tine deerhide tent, wrapped themselves in
      deerhide blankets, and fell asleep twined tightly together,
      knowing that all was well with the world.

Corky heard a muffled pop as Maggie slammed the book shut.

"Oh, I'm so close, Beatrice! Do lick my *yoni*."

"I might," Beatrice teased.

"Please, oh please! I'm longing to feel your sweet mouth between my
legs!" 

"Oh, Maggie darling, you know I love to lick you." And then a moment
later: "My, you certainly are wet." Maggie groaned softly. "Tasty,
too."

A series of liquid noises were followed by a moan that soon reached a
piercing shriek. Convinced that anyone else in the household (or
possibly even in the block) would immediately come running, Corky
sprang from the doorway, and dashed desperately away to put as much
distance between himself and the commotion as possible.

When he reached his room, he shut the door, and sat down on the bed,
heart pounding wildly. After a moment to catch his breath, he
recovered his suitcases from the closet, and began to hurriedly pack
the clothes and belongings that Mrs. Dalrymple had carefully unpacked
two days before. It wasn't a task he was used to, and it took him
several tries before he was able to get all the cases to
close. Finally he managed to shut the latch on the last one.

At that moment, there came a knock on the door.

END Part 4


