There is no country in the world where darkness does not exist. Even if the elves would have everyone believe them to be bastions of virtue and morality, there are a select few who know the truth. Within those nations there are dark dungeons where foul wizards practice their arcane arts. Where even Death itself can be bound.
Meliketus, usually just called Mel, found himself for reasons beyond his understanding in just such a place. Despite his good will, his attempts to do everything right to the best of his ability, he had found himself drawn into the underworld. Perhaps it was the fact that he was an orphan, in a culture where bloodline was everything. He liked to tell himself it was all a part of the gods plan. It was hard to think about that at the current moment though.
He stood in a damn, dark, cavern carved out of the very earth, shaking in his leather boots. Behind him was an iron door leading into a dark cell. And beyond that, well, he didn't want to know. All he knew that his master, and the chief torturer were in there, and he wasn't allowed. He knew what they were capable of, he'd seen the bodies of those who angered them, and he just didn't have the heart to willingly subject himself to that.
At points though, he doubted if anything they could do would be worse than being forced to listen to everything. From within that cell came grinding, snapping, and slashing. Sometimes a horrible smell would waft through the crack under the door, burning flesh, and Mel would force himself not to throw up on the spot. Finally, all those noises stopped and were replaced by simple words.
"Huh," the gruff voice belonged to Mel's master, "you prove yourself to be tougher than I imagined. Still," he chuckled, "everything breaks eventually. There are far more terrible tools me and my friend have access to. Tools that require time to properly prepare, you'll just have to imagine right now. We'll be back bright and early in the morning."
With a screech, the door began to slide open. Mel felt his legs go stiff for a second before he barely jumped out of the way. He saw two men exit from the cell, and one slim pale figure behind them. Mel quickly turned to look at the two who left, just as the door closed.
They both wore long robes, and had their faces covered by white porcelain masks. The taller of the two Mel knew was his master, and dressed in black. The only way he was able to know the other was a torturer was by the red robe, and silver amulet he wore. He wasn't allowed to know the identity of anyone else in the organization, but they all knew his. He didn't mind so much, but still, it was annoying to not know who he was talking to.
"I assume you heard all that, whelp?" Mel nodded. "Good. Just stand here until morning. Not like you could do much if that thing got free, but your screams would let us know it got out, and give us time to prepare." He laughed in that dark voice, and walked up with the torturer at his side.
Mel watched them go for a long time, before he sighed. He glanced both ways, checked for any vision runes to see if they were watching him, but couldn't find any. He glanced back at the door. Then he moved close to the door.
"H-hello," he whispered.
There was a pause, and then an eerily smooth, soft voice replied, "You're going to get in trouble if they know you tried to talk to me."
"I know." He paused, and then added, "Is there anything I can do to help you?"
There was a laugh, "not really. But I wouldn't mind some warmth."
"Okay."
Mel took a step back, and looked at the door. It was way too heavy for him to open with his strength, but luckily he didn't need to rely on that. He waved his fingers, muttered a spell, and slowly the door slid open. A brief creek from the hinges froze his heart, but after a second when he didn't hear anything else, he let out a deep sigh and made his way inside.
The walls were stained, and the floor was covered with what he knew were bone shards, but Mel didn't think about that. His eyes were locked on the figure in the center. It was a woman, bound in black chains that contrasted against her pure white skin. Her long black hair fell down to cover her face. Her knees were brought up to her chest. As soon as he entered she looked up at him, and smiled.
Meliketus didn't always know when he was in over his head, but the second she flashed him that smile, he did. He saw her eyes then. Deep, dark eyes. He knew exactly what he was looking at in a heartbeat.
"Death," he muttered under his breath.
She nodded, "don't worry, my touch won't kill you or anything."
He paused, "how? I mean, am I dead?"
She shrugged, "people have been able to summon me for quite some time now. Not that I mind, usually a trip to the land of mortals is quite fun."
"Aren't you always in the land of mortals?" Mel was finding himself strangely intrigued, any apprehension was quickly leaving.
She smirked at him, "okay, yeah. But, like, it's not always that everyone can see me. Plus now, I'm free from work."
His eyes went to the chains that hung off her body. He raised his hand, closed his eyes, and tried to remove them. However, after a second he realized there was no effect. He scrunched his brow, he should be able to do something as simple as remove chains. He was distracted when she laughed.
"Those chains were forged from the primordial matter, they're older than even I. Thank you for trying though."
She shivered, and Mel remembered he was supposed to be doing something. With another wave of his hand, a blanket appeared out of thin air. He took a step closer to her and draped it over her shoulders. His fingers accidentally brushed against her shoulder. Her skin was ice cold.
"See, told you," she said as she grabbed the blanket and pulled it close, "that's nice," she almost purred, "can you sit next to me though? There's nothing like the warmth of a mortal."
Mel paused, just to figure out what best to do. He sat at her side, and intended to just lay an arm over her shoulder. Instead though, she quickly moved over and sat in his lap, nestling back into him, as she almost purred. He hesitated, and then wrapped his arms around her stomach.
"Thank you," she said as she began to adjust herself.
Mel felt her ass press against his crotch, and felt blood rush to his cheeks. He was glad she could look back at him, as he tried to distract himself. Later he would reflect on how weird it was to get turned on by death itself, but at that moment, all he could think about was how nice it felt.
"So," he said after he cleared his throat, "what does my master want from you?"
"A soul," she almost sounded bored to be talking about it, "just about what every mortal wants from me. There was a great wizard once, and they want me to give them his soul so they can learn some of his more powerful spells, or something." She groaned. "It's so petty, and mortal."
She shifted her weight, and Mel felt her ass press against his crotch far more. Despite his best efforts, his blood started to pool there, and he started to get hard. He hoped she wouldn't notice, but her giggle denied him even that.
"Oh, now that's a much better idea than simple talking," she said, he could imagine her licking her lips, "and great way to get warm." She placed her ice cold hands on his, and began to move them up her body, towards her breasts. "What do you say? Only one drawback, in that it will kill you, but," her voice went low and husky, "I can promise to make it worth it."
Mel could hardly think, his mouth dry. "I-I-"
She laughed and let go of his hands, "No," she said, "sorry, for the joke. I don't think I want you to pass on just yet."
Mel managed to force out a laugh, "oh. Have you ever done that before?"
"Reap someone that way?" She looked over at him with a sly grin, "oh, didn't think you'd want to know that? Well, since you ask, just once. Funnily enough, that was the same soul your 'master' and his friend want. I can tell you the story." She wriggled her ass against his hard on, "it's the least I can do after doing this to you."
And before he could say anything, she started the story. However, they didn't quite come out as words so much as images that pierced his mind. Before he knew it, he was there inside the story, seemingly watching it from his own two eyes.

There was vast, barren land, stretching out from horizon to horizon. Try as he might, Mel couldn't place it, it looked nothing like any land he had seen or heard of. In the center of it all was a tower constructed of black obsidian, rising up into the clouds. There, standing on the highest balcony was an elf, tall and thin, wearing dark purple wizard robes. Mel moved closer to the wizard.
He had bronzed skin, and short blond hair. His features were sharp, a face of all angles. He recognized that face, that was Eld. The wizard who had taken on an army of orcs on his own, the one who fought back the elemental spirits in the early days, the founder of the elven kingdom. Mel had been told that after Eld left on his great journey, he had achieved immortality.
Eld stepped away from the balcony and made his way into the tower. The inside was luscious. The floor was covered with silks. A massive feather bed floated about a foot off the ground. In the center of the room was a roaring fire. Eld moved through the room, until he stopped by a bare patch of floor. He waved his hand over the spot, and a summoning circle engraved itself into the floor. With another wave, a knife appeared in his hand, and with a quick cut, he spilled a drop of his blood onto the circle.
Mel couldn't help but watch, breath in his throat. The single drop of blood seemed to multiply as soon as it hit the circle, spreading out all over the image. It kept growing until there was a circle of blood on the floor. Then, the fire flickered, a strong wind began to move through the room, and from the circle, a single figure rose up. Mel recognized her instantly.
Death rose up from the floor, clad in a dress of flowing shadows. As soon as she was in the room, the wind stopped and the fire seemed to double back to its full size. She opened her eyes, and stepped out of the circle. She walked past Eld and towards the bed. She sat on it, and crossed her arms under her chest.
"Okay," she said, "what made you summon me this time?"
He frowned and walked over to her, "what, I thought you enjoyed my company?"
She leaned back on the bed, "I do, but pestilence is planning another big plague, without considering how much extra work that makes for me. I have a lot of preparation I need to get done."
"Ah," he said as he sat next to her, "sorry to hear that. I can let you go now, and summon you later."
She waved her hand, "I'm already here, just tell me what you want."
He turned his gaze down towards his hands, and paused for a long moment. When she finally stood up, he spoke.
"I'm tired."
She turned to look at him, hands on her hips, "if you're tired. Take a nap, or something. I'm not-" however when she saw his eyes, she stopped, "oh, gods." She knelt by his side. "Are you okay?"
He shook his head, "No, and I don't know what's wrong with me." He balled up his fists. "I've built countries, slayed monsters, spoken with the gods. And now, now that I'm at where I wanted to be, I just feel so empty."
"You could return to society, they would welcome you back."
He shook his head, "that would be admitting defeat." She pursed her lips. "And I can't kill myself because of that stupid blessing, so-" he let his voice trail off.
Death stood up, and hooked her fingers under his chin. Slowly he tilted his head up to look into her eyes. There was a moment between them, Mel felt like he was intruding. Strangely though, he also felt like he needed to see it.
"Is this really what you want?"
He swallowed, and then nodded.
She leaned in for a second, and her lips touched his. He leaned back, as she placed her hands on his shoulders. He laid back fully on the bed as she leaned down against him. In a second her dress disappeared. She pushed her tongue in his mouth, as Eld moved his hands down to her hips.
After a second, she broke the kiss off and he was left panting. She smirked down at him, as his eyes traveled over her body. Down to her own breasts, Mel for the first time noticed the small pink nipples that dotted her breasts. Then they went down lower. He seemed to get his breath back after a moment.
"Is this the best way to do this?"
"Mmm, I have faster ones. But I figured we'd both like this one more. Now move back on the bed."
Eld nodded as he clawed the bed and began to move back, until just his feet began to dangle off. Death licked her lips as she made her way to the bed. She crawled up, until her face hovered above him. She leaned down, and began to kiss him deeply again. Eld closed his eyes and relaxed into the bed.
After a second, she broke off the kiss and began to kiss down his body. Each time her lips touched his clothes they started to disintegrate, slowly expanding and revealing more and more of him. By the time her mouth hovered over his crotch, his robes were all but gone. She kissed the last bit of cloth, and his cock sprung free.
She smiled up at him, and didn't say anything, as she licked her lips. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, before she went down. She took his cock inside her mouth, and Eld's mouth fell open. He arched his back slightly and he moved his hand over to her head. She began to bob along his length, the corners of her lips barely folding up into a smile as she kept her eyes at him.
Mel couldn't believe what he was seeing. He felt his robe grow tighter, and before he knew it, it was gone. "Like what you see," an ethereal voice asked him. He could only nod. "Glad to hear it," it replied. Then he felt a ghostly hand wrap around his length and begin to stroke him off slowly.
Mel watched, nearly transfixed, as the pale blackhaired woman bobbed her head on the cock. He could see the way she worshipped it from the bits of saliva running down her mouth. She would pull up, and hold her mouth around the head for a moment, and he could only imagine the way her tongue ran around his head.
Eld panted and bucked his hips as she worked his cock. Mel could only imagine Eld was getting close, he felt himself as well. Then, just as he was about to finish, Death pulled her head off of his cock. She gave his shaft a few more kisses before she crawled back up over his head. Just as she did, the hand on his cock paused, and Mel let out a sort of involuntary groan.
Death licked her lips, before she lowered herself down onto Eld's cock. He let out a gasp, as he wrapped one arm around her neck and pulled her close to him. He kissed her again, wildly and almost bestially. His lips found hers on occasion, but he also kissed her cheeks, her nose, and her neck. She smiled and didn't resist, only pulling one of his hands up to her moderately sized breasts.
The hand started up again, stroking him twice as fast as before. Mel let out another gasp, as his legs almost buckled under him. His breathing quickened and he almost finished, but he held himself back. He was panting like a wolf within moments, as sweat poured down his back.
Death bounced her hips on Eld's cock, riding him for everything he was worth. He thrust back up into her as best he could from under her. Mel could tell how wet she was, he could almost feel her walls wrapped around his length, trying to milk him for everything he had.
"Oh, such a good boy, trying to hold back. It's okay though, go ahead and cum."
In that moment, Mel lost any ability to hold back any longer. He released with the force of flood breaking past a dam. His vision went white for a moment, but he was able to tell that Eld had cum as well. He collapsed back into the bed, as all strength seemed to leave his body.
Death leaned over to kiss him one last time as he died. A smile was painted onto his face as he died, and Mel couldn't help but feel like he had seen that scene once before.

Then, in a moment, Mel was back in the cell. Sunlight poured in through the small window in the top of the room. He was completely naked, and still covered in sweat. He glanced around for a moment, and saw Death behind him, licking off her hand.
"Hadn't had a chance to jerk off for a few days, I'm guessing? You let out a lot," she winked.
Mel felt his face turn red, but before he could say anything, he heard the door start to open. His blood ran cold, as his master and the chief torturer stepped inside. Neither of them said anything, but he could feel their gazes behind those porcelain masks. He almost wished he was dead, and then in a moment, he leapt up to his feet, completely forgetting his lack of clothes.
As his flaccid cock dangled between his legs, he pointed his finger at his master. He had no idea what to say. He knew he wanted to tell them that he wasn't going to go along with their plans anymore. He would protect this woman, well Death, until his own. . death. It was a mess of words in his mind, not all of which made sense.
All that came out was, "I don't think I want to work for you anymore."
There was a moment of silence between them for a moment, and Mel felt himself shrink in more ways than one. Then, the chief executioner fell over. He just sort of collapsed onto his side, falling flat. Mel was stunned, but a moment later, his master did the same thing. Mel heard chains fall to the stone behind him, and when he looked back, he saw Death standing there, once again in that dress of shadows, stretching out her legs.
"Wait," he said, as his head started to hurt, "you could've gotten out at any time?"
She nodded.
"Then, why?"
She laughed, and then her tone turned serious, "guess."
"To see me?"
She got a bright smile on her face and nodded, "let me tell you a secret. I couldn't bear to move Eld into the world of the undead. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't, his boon of immortality made it impossible for him to pass on. So, instead, I merely, reincarnated him into the mortal world, without any of his memories. He lived for a while, but after a few dozen years, asked me to reap him again, and I did. Then I reincarnated him again, and again. I began to wonder if there would ever be a time his soul could be truly happy in this world. So I decided to find excuses to regularly check in on his soul in whatever body it was in."
"Wait, wait, wait," Mel began to laugh, "you're saying that I'm-"
She winked again, "Oh, just realized how much work I missed the past night. We'll have to continue this conversation later."
And then, in the blink of an eye, she was gone.