Abby's New Job
byDoubleganger©

Part 01- Good News.

Abby Winters was called into the principal's office just as she was starting her afternoon class. She had received her teaching credentials for the elementary and junior high level less than a year ago. A substitute took over her class, as she walked to his office she thought to herself; what could have I done, the school year is only two months old?

When she entered the principal's outer office, his secretary informed Abby to go right in. Mr. James Clark was sitting at his desk reading her file.

"Please take a seat and relax, your not in trouble. On the contrary I am quite satisfied with your work performance."

"This concerns a new teacher transfer program. The school board has made an agreement with another state, one of our newer teachers will spend five years living and teaching in one of their smaller private villages, as they will send us one. In short, its about experiencing other cultures first hand. Your records show you spent some time in Europe after graduation. Do you speak the language?"

"Just enough to get to the airport, train, hotel, and get something to eat. A few times I got it wrong it was very embarrassing. Luckily most were kind and corrected me."

"Well that's a plus in your favor, here's your contract, read it. You are to initial each page and sign the last. The mayor of this small village where you will be working sent us a brief history. The town is called Lakeside, its located in the South Western part of Florida. This community has seceded from the United States. They have their own government, laws, power-plant, using the 24 hour clock.

This small village was originally founded in Germany in 1195, a large number immigrated to the U.S. Settling in Pennsylvania in 1668, then about one thousand settled in Florida in 1895. A counsel was elected, deciding to use the laws and punishments of 1500 Europe. There are no prisons, but use corporal punishment as a deterrent, there are very few repeat offenders.

Here are your train tickets, they have a strict dress-code, I suggest you pack lightly, you will have to purchase the clothing required by their culture. If you wish, I'd be happy to drive you to the station tomorrow. Your train leaves exactly at 0600. Do you have any questions?"

"Not at the moment, is there anything else I need to know? I'd like to take you up on the offer for a ride. I wouldn't want to disturb my parents that early. May I also say goodbye to my students, I think it would be better if I told them I was leaving."

Mr. Clark agreed and to two educators talked and made arrangements for tomorrows trip to the train depot. He informed her what he found out talking to the mayor:-

"When you arrive at Sarasota, a representative will meet you. She will escort you to your new home, then on to meet the mayor and the principal. On the ride she will fill you in on the laws and customs of the village. Lakeside does have electricity, television, internet, and phones. There are no motor vehicles, but there is a trolley, electric carts, bikes, horses, and carriages; so it isn't as backward as you could imagine."

After their chat, Mr. Clark and Abby went back to her classroom. She told her students the news, telling them she will sent them some post cards and a letter when she gets settled. Then Abby went to the car her parents lent her until she got on her feet. As she sat behind the wheel, she cried for twenty minutes, what would her father think of this adventure in her life.

After she composed herself she stopped at the bank to close out her account, then go home to pack and tell her parents the news. She parked the car in the driveway, her parents were not home yet, so she packed one suitcase with her dress-suits, long skirts, blouses, summer dresses, several pairs of shoes and sandles, underwear, one bikini, and toiletries bag. She also packed her high school and college diplomas. In her pocket-book she put her wallet, passport, contract, teaching credentials, and the usual female comfort items. Then packed her laptop and with all teaching programs she had on CD or thumb drives, and history of Lakeside. She also laid a pair of jeans, wool shirt, jacket, and flats over her suitcase. On her last trip she discovered it more comfortable to not wear underwear of any kind when traveling long distances.

As soon as she was finished she heard her father bellowing; "Why are you home so early. Get your lazy ass down here and tell us why you got fired!!"

Abby took her time walking down the stairs smiling. She saw her fathers mouth moving, but not hearing a word. When he finished his berating, Abby told him of what she thought of him, his beliefs, and his hypercritical church and of her transfer. She also told them she already had a friend transport her out of this stifling life. Then she made herself something to eat and a drink; as she walked to her room, she told them goodbye.

After Abby ate, she took a shower, then went to bed naked as she did every night since she was nine years old. Her alarm woke her at 0400, still naked she went to the bathroom, did her morning routine including brushing her teeth and hair. After getting dressed she brought her bags down and had a cup of coffee. She washed all the dishes she used. Before leaving she put the keys to the car and house on the table. At exactly 0505 Mr. Clark pulled up, she put her bags in the trunk and drove away.

"Thanks for the ride Mr. Clark, I could use a friend before leaving for parts unknown on my own for the first time."

"You're welcome Abby, why don't you call me Jim. Besides this will give us some time to talk, you may not remember, but I was your fourth grade teacher."

"I knew you looked familiar when I came to work here; Mr. Clar-- I mean Jim, so why did you pick me to go to Lakeside, there are other more experienced teachers more deserving?"

"There is none more deserving then you my dear; you were my brightest student. When your parents came to see me; all your father did was put you down, when I asked your mom a question, he said women don't have a right to talk without their husbands or fathers permission. So I made sure you received a good education to put you on track to get away from him. I over heard you talking to other girls, that you didn't want to end up like your mom. I wasn't going to tell you this, but your best friend Tammy is my favorite niece, she's my sisters daughter. I knew you needed to get your head on straight after getting your creds. It was I that made sure you both could get away and talk without that bully of a sperm donor breathing down your back."

"You know about our friendship and how we spent our weekends sir, er- Jim. But why me?"

"Yes Abby, the main reason I choose you is because of your comfort of nudism, it is very open there. Also you are a very intelligent young woman, surely you have realized that your father and his church just want you to be their slave. This appointment gives you the opportunity to run your own life on your terms and seek the ambition you have been dreaming about."

Just as Jim finished talking, he pulled up to the depot. Taking her bags out of the trunk he put them in a bag cart. She surprised herself by giving her principal a big hug, kissing his cheek; goodbye. She felt him getting stiff against her body. He watched with a tear in his eye, as she rolled the cart through the sliding glass doors to her new life.


Abby's New Job Pt. 02

Abby was surprised, she had a first class cabin. She sat naked having her first glass of champagne, which tickled her nose. The train had to stop to exchange motors and tracks every state, passengers boarded and disembarked at every stop. As a graduation present she bought herself a German language program she used on her first trip overseas. On the first leg of her journey she read and signed her contract, she was surprised that she was given free room and board, also her pay was considerably a lot more than she expected. Then read the history of Lakeside. She was amazed that this small village was founded because of religious persuasion that caused a civil war. The book also described several crimes and punishments that occurred one year after the founding of the village in 1196.

==================================================

The first was a girl by the name of Greta Heinz, who slapped a boy because he wouldn't let her copy his answers on a test. The teacher saw the incident, bringing the girl to the head master then on to the mayor. Inside the meeting house, the prisoner was chained to the wall in front of the entire village. The girl admitted to the crime, he was the first person to not let her copy answers she didn't know. The counsel of 12 found her guilty of assault and cheating on tests. The mayor announced that she will be known only as Criminal or Strafsachen #01 and will be used as example to others. She was given 3 days punishment and will wear bracelets on her left wrist and right ankle with a designation of Strafsachen #01 for the remainder of her life. Also hens-forth she will be forbidden to wear clothing for a minimum of twenty years, or until this counsel has determined she has earned the right to wear coverings of any kind. The girl will be fed with two buttered biscuit's and one cup of water three times a day. After released she was to clean up any mess she made. Strafsachen # 01 lived the remainder of her life nude, having been arrested two more times. She was arrested a second time, for telling several falsehoods to a employer; for which she received ten days punishment. The third time at age 35 for stealing company property, her punishment for that was sixty days. She died at age 41, unmarried with one son.

The next was about a young man in his twenties and younger brother. His parents called the boy a miracle, because the doctor told them she couldn't have any more. The year was 1225, they would be known as Strafsachen 100 and 101. This was the first anyone had seen or heard of a crime of this nature outside of war, so they both received life sentences.

==================================================

After reading that chapter Abby needed a brake, she went to the lavatory, after dressing it was onto the bar car for more champagne, she couldn't eat because of what she just read, her stomach was in a knot. A teenage girl sat next to her, she was an exchange student, who lived in New York all her life and spoke fluent German. Her name is Betty Schultz, she will be eighteen in two months. She will be spending the next six years at the college of Sarasota studying to be a bi-lingual history teacher. The two talked for over six hours, she learned more from just talking with the girl than from the language program. They exchanged email addresses so they could keep in touch. Abby had just made her first friend in another state. 

Three days later, the train was about to pull into their station, they picked up their luggage from their cabins and walked into the waiting room. The girls each saw a person holding a sign with their names. Abby and Betty hugged wishing the other luck and goodbye. Betty and her escort went out to the parking lot. Abby's escort, Bridgette Van-Degain was dressed in a brown knee-leangh robe tied at the waist and was barefoot. They pushed the baggage trolley to the elevator to another train, for the second leg of the trip.

Bridgette spoke English well, but in a thick German accent. She asked many questions about what she saw on Abby's trip and other small talk. In the middle of the platform Bridgette gave the two tickets to the attendant, who led them onto the train placing their bags in the room. He gave her the key, wishing them a pleasant trip.

The ride to the final leg took about thirteen hours, it also was the last stop. In their cab Bridgette took off her robe. Abby was shocked that she was completely nude, she also had no hair except for what was on her head, tied in a bun.

"Abby the clothing you are wearing are unacceptable to Lakeside standards, please remove them now. I hope you have brought other articles of coverings?"

Without a word, Abby took off her jacket, wool shirt, flats and jeans. Now she was as naked as her escort, except her blonde hair was loose down to her shoulders, pubic hair, and 20 nails painted a light brown.

"As you know our village has a strict dress-code, possessing any item not approved is cause for arrest. I wouldn't want you marked as a criminal your first day. Open your bags so we can get rid of them before we are inspected at the trolley."

Bridgette went through all her clothes. She was allowed to keep one thigh length skit, one blazer, her robes, two summer dresses, and blouses that had sleeves, but only one top and bottom must be worn at the same time. If she chooses she may either a top or a bottom alone.

Her dress-suits, long skirts, underwear, and bikini had to go. All her footwear were also acceptable except her 3" heels. Everything in her toiletry bag had to go except female comfort items, moisturizer, sexual protection, hair brush, combs, toothbrush, paste, and hand sanitizer. She was told that all the beaches swimming areas were nude.

With the pile of forbidden articles on the bed, Bridgette watched as Abby put cold cream on her face, then removed the polish from her fingers and toes, then the cream covered make-up and lipstick from her face. Abby felt more vulnerable then ever. Finally, Abby was told that to show proper respect she must donate them to a charity. She opened the door and stood in the hall. The pullman that showed the two ladies to their room approached, Abby covered her nakedness. Bridgette informed him that her companion would like to donate some articles, they also exchanged a few words in German. Leaving the door open, she told Abby to uncover herself, he returned a few minutes later with a bag that read; "Donated to the Orphanage of Sarasota, with gratitude." Abby filled the bag then gave it to the porter, he thanked her bowing his head, she returned the bow. As he took the bag to the front of the train, Abby closed the door, sitting on the bed. Bridgette sat on sink across from her, legs spread wide. She spoke slow so the new girl would understand.

"There are a few things you need to know before we arrive. As you know we have no prisons, our criminals must have a full life. They must work and provide a service to the community for their wrong doings. Allow me to tell you how our justice system operates. Upon arrest the prisoner is taken to the magistrate, where all clothes are cut from their bodies. Kneeling naked with legs spread the prisoner is read the charges you can refute the charge by giving evidence and spends the night in a holding cell. In the morning they are either released or cuffed. The prisoner is then walked through the building to an appointed advisor. In their office, the cuffs are removed. While telling him/her what occurred; the prisoner receives a meal of fruit, bread, butter, tea, and juice. Before seeing the judge, the prisoner must remove all body hair and shower."

"When presentable they kneel in the outer office until the arresting officer escorts them to the courthouse across the square along with their advisor. All prisoners will wait in the lobby for their case number to be called. All trials will be held in our native language. Prisoners are not allowed to talk unless the judge asks a question, all reply's must be in German and detailed. After sentencing, criminals are not allowed clothing of any kind for the duration of their sentence. They will receive two bracelets one on the left wrist, the other on the right ankle, that have their criminal number for the remainder of their life. They will receive the first punishment at that time. Criminals are granted parole rarely; they must remain nude, when it gets cold they are permitted one pair of yellow boots. Criminals are to sleep uncovered at all times. If a parolee is given permission to leave the village they are issued one short brown robe like what I wore when I picked you up. I am not going to lie to you, corporal punishment is very demeaning and painful, as I can attest to."

After she finished her speech Bridgette stood; showing Abby her bracelets each with the number 912666, then showed her thirty fresh bright red lash marks across both butt-checks. Bridgette said she was sentenced to twenty-four hours on the pillory and thirty lashes every two months for five years, then on parole for fifteen years. She also told Abby that she was only one year into her sentence, since no one knew the area, I was given permission to a robe so I may escort you to your new home, but must be naked when told to. Also one year of my parole will be added to my sentence. Abby just sat there with her mouth open not sure what to say.

"I could use a drink and some food, you have the option of remaining nude or putting appropriate clothes on?"

"UH, oh yea, sounds good to me. I don't think I am brave enough just yet to be nude in public, can you pick something out for me, I don't want to get in trouble so early in my stay?"

With a smile, Bridgette dressed Abby in just her thigh length gray skirt that had a split on her left leg, and matching blazer. Bridgette pulled off all but two buttons. If Abby moved in a certain direction one of her breasts would completely pop out. Every time she tucked one in the other popped out, after two trys she gave up allowing her left boob to swing free. The escort put the cabin key in her purse, she informed Abby that the porter noticed my bracelets, so now I am to remain nude for the remainder of our trip. Both barefoot women walked to the rear of the train, one nude, the other with one tit bouncing free.

In the rear of the next car, stood a woman in an open door, her daughter was sitting in a chair with one foot on each side of the door frame, both were nude. She spoke to Bridgette in a slow sorrowful German. The only words Abby could make out was; woman, teenage, died, birthday, more, live, a few of the smaller words and all the numbers. Bridgette and the mother exchanged a few words then the mother knelt at Bridgette's feet. Her escort translated the following:-

"This woman's husband died in an accident and was unable to keep the house. Her sister was happy to take them in, but she lives in Holtz. This little village has had a lot of crime, so the counsel leaders made a law that clothing is illegal. Anyone found guilty of any minor crime is sentenced to 10 days in the square; If someone dies, the prisoner receives death by hanging. Also all boys and girls are to surrender their virginity on their birthday, Holtz is the next stop. If her teenage daughter doesn't get the allotted birthday wishes, both will be punished depending on their age. Holtz is the first town in Florida that it is legal to be naked in public."

"My, these small villages sure have have some strange rituals and punishments. I'll be happy to wish her happy birthday, but only if you go first."

Bridgette first unbuttoned Abby's jacket freeing both breasts. then wish the girl a happy birthday according to the tradition of Holtz. Switching places, Abby repeated the tradition.

Many thoughts went through Abby's mind. She thought even though this girl was eighteen she was a virgin. What would they do to her? Will the mayor take her cherry on the square? No wonder they both looked scared, the not knowing. Her pussy tasted different than her best friend, wondering if all German pussy tasted the same.

The mother stood, faced the two women, bowed and said, Vielen Dank, du hast gemacht, meine Familie, Tochter und ich sparen Gesicht in meiner neuen Gemeinde. Which translates to "Thank you, you have made my family, daughter, and I save face in our new community."

Both Bridgette and Abby returned the bow, saying bitta. Before they continued to the dining car.

As they entered the last car, a teenage girl wearing just a small apron showed us to a window table, Bridgette ordered two glasses of white wine. The two woman talked, taking their time studying the selections offered.

"I see you are not use to nudity in public, it is very common in this part of the state. Relax you will get use to it. You may not realize this but your tits are in full view of everyone."

Abby smiled saying; I thought I felt a chill. Then both girls laughed.

Just then a man approached their table wearing a black leather jock-strap, he introduced himself as the manager of the restaurant car. He told Abby that she either have her top on or off? She thought for a minute then removed her jacket while in his restaurant.

When the wine arrived they gave her their order, she walked away wiggling her bare ass. The wine was very sweet, washing away the taste of pussy. Slowly the train pulled into the station, there was an announcement both in English and German.

"Welcome to Holtz, the only town in the United States where nudity is mandatory."

They watched people disembark and line up on the platform naked and without shame.

When the train pulled out, Bridgette raised her glass in salute; "Hier soll ein neuer Anfang!, it means, Here's to a new beginning!"

Abby repeated the toast, they clinked glasses and drank. After their meal arrived, Abby asked about her living arrangements, this is what Bridgette said:- 

"The house where we live is next door to the school. The owner has a rule that no clothes are worn on his property. He has a sign on the door reading: Bedachungen verboten! His lineage goes back to the founding of our village, he only speaks German. All unmarried teachers and out of town visitors live in houses like this. Since there is not many rooms many have one or two room-mates. I am one of your room-mates, we have one of the larger rooms, so we have one other. I could tell you are not shy about your nudity, for we share our room with a male; he teaches the sixth grade. I see in your eyes that you have doubts, fear not there are strict laws to keep our peoples virtue safe. None of our residents will make sexual advances to you without consent. Neither him or I will push you, you may ask for relief when you are ready. But we don't mind if you masturbate and watch."

Abby had many questions, her room-mate answered them all, putting her mind at ease. During the meal the waitress refilled their glasses three more times. When the check arrived; Bridgette used the Mayor's debit voucher, the girl was in awe taking it to her boss. The girl and her manager returned completely nude, both bowed, as he handed Bridgette the receipt.

Abby's modesty partially diminished, draped her jacket over her arm, as they both went back to their cabin. Inside Abby took off her skirt and put her two articles in her case before getting themselves ready for bed. Bridgette lowered the top bunk and laid on top of the sheets, as Abby crawled between hers. With the lights out, Bridgette asked I noticed you didn't have any sleepwear, how long has she been sleeping nude?

"Since I was nine, its a long story would you like to hear it?"

"Yes, I would like to know all about you."

==================================================

"We were going to have a big test on Monday, the teacher broke up us in groups of four. Tammy said we could have a sleepover and study all weekend, her mom would help us. Our teacher called our parents to make the arrangements. My father was mad that he wasn't asked first, but caved when he found out it was only for studying for our finals. I packed my clothes and books, then dad drove me to Tammy's. In front of her house I had to carry both bags myself. Tammy's mom saw me struggling and helped me in. Inside I was told of bare feet anywhere on the property. I took off my shoes and thick black leotard pantyhose."

"In the living-room Tammy, Sally, and Mary were sitting on the couch. Mrs. Clark told me to sit, she then told us our teacher gave her everything needed to study. Before we begin, I think we all should get into our sleepwear. Tammy showed us to her room so we cold change. In the center of the room were four sleeping bags open on the floor. I was embarrassed when I took out my old fashion woolen garment, I cried telling them I hate this thing. Tammy hugged me until I stopped, you can borrow one of mine this weekend, it will be our secret. I smiled and thanked her. She gave me a pretty pink shorty, it was just like Tammy's. I looked funny with my granny-panties in plain view, my new friends showed me that they were naked under theirs. We'd all look like sisters if I took mine off, so the four of us went down just wearing just our nighties, my pussy was the hairiest cause they have been trimming theirs for a long time.

Mrs. Clark was also in hers, as she covered math then history. If we got it wrong we had to take a penalty card. We either received ten slaps on our bare butt or had to go topless for the day. By dinner, all four of us were bare-breasted and had been spanked at least twice. After dinner it was science and current events by the time we went to bed, we were nude and all four had bright red back-ends. The first night Tammy and I showered together, as did Sally and Mary, we were told to save water."

"In the morning Tammy's mom woke us, saying not bothering to get dressed. After washing and brushing our teeth we went down to breakfast nude; Sally, Mary, and I were shocked to see Mrs. Clark naked also. We studied until noon. Mrs. Clark gave us a test to see how much we learned, then told us we could eat lunch in the backyard and tan our naked bodies, while she graded the tests. It felt weird being outside completely nude, but I quickly became comfortable. About a hour later we were called in, all of us failed her test. First she spanked us five times on each butt-check, then went slowly over the answers until we understood the material until dinner. Then we watched a movie about World War one, two, Korea, and Viet Nam."

"After the movie we showered then went to bed. I woke with my shower mate, Mary. After we did our morning routine we had breakfast and talked about what we learned so far. I told them in my religion we are not allowed to show affection like that, and I was confused. So the morning lesson was dedicated to sex education, which wasn't on the schools agenda. We had lunch outside while taking a test on the movies the night before. Then we graded the others paper, I didn't do very well, but neither did my new friends. Our bottoms were spanked with a long paddle, five times for every wrong answer. Then Mrs. Clark went over the test so we could understand. Then we covered everything again and again, through dinner until bedtime. Sunday night I showered and slept with Sally, Mrs. Clark did this, so we each learned about our new friends."


"Monday morning Sally and I woke just as we fell asleep. After breakfast we dressed, I didn't feel comfortable wearing all the clothes I was forced to wear. Mrs. Clark drove us to school, our parents took our overnight bags home as we went in for our final exam. When I got home after school I got naked staying in my room, when I came down to dinner wearing my old fashion sleepwear. After I helped mom clean up, I went straight to my room and stayed naked until school the next day."

"Because I did so well on the final, I had permission to stay over Tammy on weekends during the summer, but had to be ready for church Sunday mornings. Sally, Mary, Tammy and I went through high school and college together, we were known as the four musketeers. In college I wore regular clothes and stopped wearing underwear, only putting on those ugly clothes when went home during Christmas and semester brake."

==================================================

"I am glad you are not shy about nudity, tomorrow I'll tell you about our school's rules and little about your new job."

Then she told her, Schlafen Sie gute Nacht, angenehme Träume which translates to Good night, sleep pleasant dreams.

In the morning they were woken by the porter knocking. The girls did their morning routine, before dressing for breakfast, Abby was surprised by a very passionate good morning mouth kiss by her new friend. They left the cabin, one in a mid-thigh white summer dress with no straps and elbow long sleeves, the other nude, both barefoot.

The two teachers were seated, Bridgette asked how long until we reach the last stop? The girl said about a hour. Then ordered coffee, juice and two biscuit's with butter and Abby asked for coffee and lightly toasted white bread with butter and jelly. The waitress returned with the coffee and juice blushing and completely nude. Abby asked if she was alright? She said it was her first time nude in public and was embarrassed. The manager told her there was no time for talking now and get back to work. She said yes sir and left. On her return they saw she had be crying. The waitress placed the food on the table, asking if they wanted anything else? Both said no thank you. As she turned to walk away Abby saw three fresh red marks across her ass. Bridgette told Abby to mind her place.

As they ate, Bridgette told her new room-mate more about the village she will call home for the next five years or more.

"In the late 1950's, early 60's a wall had to be erected so we can inspect all visitors; this includes arresting and convicting anyone that attempts to bring contraband into our village. The counsel of 12 wants to go back to its origins, so besides speaking our language, you will have to learn to read and write German. You and I will be working together; the principal would like our students bi-lingual. You will teach English, as I teach German to you and third graders. Since our village splintered from the country all teachers and students will be naked."

"So your telling me that I'll have no use for clothes unless I leave the village?"

"Not entirely, you may dress when you go out to dinner or a club. Your date will most likely want you to wear something nice. The only difference is that I will be cuffed and must spend time in the pillory and whipped every two months for the next five years, when not in school."

The two teachers finished their light breakfast, Bridgette paid with the mayors voucher, then went back to their cabin. The two packed their bags, Abby was told she should consider wearing footwear, the cement gets hot here early. Just as the train pulled into the last stop, they were ready to depart. The escort put the key to the cabin on a desk, with Bridgette carrying all the bags they walked down the platform into the waiting area and to the bathroom to freshen up.

As they walked out, the restaurant manager was leading his five employees. He was dressed in a gray suite, shiny black shoes, and a bowler hat. His employees were all nude, their hands cuffed behind their back, and a metal color with a chain attached to each. A news crew approached him most likely asking for a interview; He nodded in agreement.

They could not hear what was said, but is mannerisms showed he was proud to show off two men and three women naked servants and their marked bottoms. The reporter spent time talking to the last girl, who was their waitress. Suddenly three officers approached and arrested the manager and was taken away, the five servants were unchained and given clothes.

Five nurses escorted them to the hospital, after the youngest dressed herself she fell to the floor crying, the teachers could see the girl couldn't talk, all the nurse could do is comfort her. A policeman asked Bridgette if she was harmed by the restaurant car manager? She replied no, she was a criminal showing him her bracelets. On the train she was ordered to remain nude at all times. The officer told the teachers that the Governor has been replaced, all his edicts are now voided. He told her she may put her robe on if she so wishes; Bridgette chose to remain nude.

The room-mates walked out of the train station to the trolley stop sign that read in two languages;- Lakeside-Seeufer. Bridgette placed the bags on the table for inspection, both women handing their identification and employment letters to the officer. Every piece of clothing and bag was turned inside out. When they were satisfied there was no contraband they put everything back together just as it was before. Then were brought to a room where Abby was asked to disrobe. Bridgette told her we also must be searched, Abby took off her dress and flats.

Abby watched as Bridgette stood in front of a mirror and a male officer searched her hair, nose, and mouth. The officer continued to feel the rest of her body, leaving not inch untouched. Bridgette said nothing, as she was ordered to bend over as his fingers went inside her lower holes. Then it was Abby's turn, the officer saw the fear in her eyes, having a female officer search her.

As the officer was examining her, Bridgette comforted and told her that everyone has to go through this humiliating experience before boarding the trolley, she also told her what contraband they are looking for. Abby had never been so embarrassed when she was told to bend over and the female officers fingers invaded her vagina and virgin anus.

After nothing was found, Abby was allowed to put her dress and shoes on, then both teachers were allowed to board the trolley. Bridgette put their bags on the rack, Abby sat on the wooden bench, as Bridgette stood facing her. Slowly the trolley filled, Abby noticed all the nude people wore bracelets on their wrist and ankle. They remained standing even though there were plenty of seats. The last to board was two negro teens; a boy and a girl, they were being escorted by the female officer that inspected Abby. They couldn't be no older than fifteen, both were nude, cuffed, gagged and stood in front of the seated officer. In total there was five women and seven men nude, Bridgette reminded Abby it is not polite to stare, she'll tell her about that later.

The ride to Abby's new home took only fifteen minutes. The trolley stopped in front of their home; eight disembarked, including the couple and officer. The first shock she saw was five pillories, there were two naked people, a man and woman cleaning them. As they entered the three story walk-up, Abby removed her dress and shoes placing them in the basket. They walked up to the second floor to their room to freshen up. Abby didn't know why, but was comfortable walking naked, glad to shower with-out closing the bathroom door.

While she was putting her clothes away, Bridgette shaved her pits and pubes, then showered. She gave Abby a cream colored blouse, black sandles, and nothing else to wear for her meeting with the mayor and principal. As Abby looked at herself in the mirror, her roommate told her that prisoners and criminals are not allowed to sit in public. They may sit or knell in a designated dining area, at the desecration of the owner. Then Abby got a shock, noticing the hem of her blouse fell above of her pussy, all could be seen when she walked or sat. She thought to herself maybe I should just be nude all the time?
