Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

jubilant 

Current music: 

The Moldy Peaches - Anyone Else But You | Powered by Last.fm

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: james potter, character: lily evans, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, characters: mwpp, length: 2000+ words, pairing: lily/james, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 11 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 11: In His High Seat I've Built Myself a Throne
Summary: In school, the Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: The Ministry and Indian food.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17.
AN: Unbeta'd.
Word Count: 2084

Chapter 11: In His High Seat I've Built Myself a Throne

The Ministry was closed on Boxing Day, which was just as well; a thick wet snow was falling in the West Country, and Sirius, James, and Remus spent a good part of the day sledging with some of the muggles in Godric's Hollow. One girl, called Sarah, flirted quite openly with Remus, but not in that obnoxious way that some girls had. She asked him questions about things he liked, he asked her questions about things she liked, and they sledged together. The attention was all rather nice even if he knew it couldn't lead anywhere. Remus was largely surprised that Sirius let him do it without exploding into a fit of jealousy. But then, Sirius was distracted with his own plots and plans, as he and James kept trying to surreptitiously charm their sledge to be the fastest and several times managed to make it do rather uncanny things such as going uphill instead of down. Remus guessed Sirius would have been pretty excited about this accidental outcome if Sirius wasn't losing money to a muggle boy on the outcomes of sledge races in which Sirius' sledge decided to go backwards up the hill. Remus wondered if Sirius was flirting also, in his own way, and decided that he did mind.

Remus declared that he was tired and they all went home for mulled butterbeers. If Remus walked a bit too close to Sirius on their way back to the Potters' than a platonic friend ought to, no one said anything about it.

*****

The following day, Remus found himself faced with a very tough decision indeed. As a rule, he'd always preferred not to visit the Ministry. It wasn't that he was afraid, precisely. He just felt watched. From the moment he put his name in at the security check to the moment he left, the Ministry was doubtless aware that there was a werewolf within their sanctum. He had not the slightest doubt that he was being watched. He usually tried to figure out how, curious about the charms being used on him, but also quite worried that if he tried to ferret out the secret too ardently they would decide he was a spy and kick him back into the street on his arse. Or worse.

What's more, he'd never gone without his parents before.

So, when Sirius suggested that Remus stay back, Remus was sorely tempted. He also recognized the temptation for what it was: cowardice. That made his decision for him. "No, I'll come," he brushed off Sirius' concerned look, cursing not for the first time that Remus couldn't hide his fears from Sirius. A man should always have the right to hide his fears.

"You su--"

"Yes! I'm sure. It'll be a blast to see the looks on the registrars' faces, and the Potters were talking about stopping for Indian."

"Good," Mr. Potter said, nodding. "We spoke to your parents at Christmas, and they think you and Sirius should have your bonding officially registered also."

"We... what?"

"You know, get a certificate of marriage," Mr. Potter clarified his meaning.

James whistled.

"It's not illegal?" Sirius looked as shocked as Remus, frozen in place as he asked the question.

"It is illegal to issue a permit to marry a, um, homosexual pair. It's illegal to perform a marriage on someone without a permit. It is not illegal to perform a marriage on oneself without a permit. I suspect it's a... Well, most likely it's a loop-hole. It's all in the wording, see, which says you need a permit to marry two others, but there's precedent as well. An odd one, but not without relevance. I already put a call in to the Minister's office with the 'hypothetical' case, you see, and he seems to have heard something about it. Seeing as how it's not a matter of whether or not the Mnistry allows it to happen, but rather, whether or not the Ministry has a record of something that has already happened, Minister Crouch gave me his personal assurances that the paperwork would be hurried through with a minimum of both hassle and publicity. They'll put them into your confidential files. They want to discourage other people from doing this sort of thing in the future, you know, and having a legal precedent on file would not help them."

"Confidential files," Sirius asks. "We haven't got confidential files."

"I have," Remus answers gravely.

"And you," Mr. Potter jabbed a finger in Sirius' direction, "will have. Come on then. Time's a wasting, lads. Bess is going to meet us for that Indian, how does that sound Remus?"

"Uh..."

"Good, good."

*****

In fact, the registrars' faces were nearly worth the trip. Remus and Sirius registered their marriage first, at one office. The woman behind the counter, a young brunette with a kind face, smiled and tried to act unsurprised. She might have even succeeded until a large, tawny owl brought her a file that had been spelled shut and marked with "Confidential" in bold red ink across the front. She opened it, dropped the the file, and stared blankly up at the two young men before her.

"Uh," Mr. Potter leaned forward, "is that all, then?"

"A-- all? I, um, what?" Her voice grew in pitch until the last word came out as a squeak. Sirius leaned heavily onto the counter and flashed his best smile.

"Maybe you've forgotten what you were doing. I'm Sirius Black, perhaps you've heard of me? And this is my soul-mate, Remus Lupin. You were registering our bondage."

James made a snorting noise in his nose as Sirius said "bondage."

"But he's a-- You're a--"

"Yeah," Sirius interrupted, "He's a handsome bloke, but he's taken, and we've got another appointment."

"Please do get on with it," Mr. Potter added. "And, in case you are wondering, you will be getting a binding confidentiality order from the Minister's office."

The girl nodded blankly. Mr. Potter nodded back and shepherded the boys away.

"I sort of wish we could have obliviated her," Remus whispered to Sirius. Sirius turned to see red marks on the sides of Remus' neck: a sure sign that Remus was embarrassed.

"I thought about hexing her," Sirius answered with a smirk.

"I don't doubt you did."

The old cleric that did their animagus papers did not, of course, have to look in Remus' file for any reason. He also seemed strangely uninterested. He watched without a glimmer of excitement in his eyes as Sirius transformed and bounded up to him. He only lifted his quill and began to describe Padfoot's "distinguishing markings", which, on the whole, were not very distinguishing. The one trait of his own self that he seemed to retain as a dog was the texture and color of his hair, but that hardly made him stand out from all other examples of the species. His eyes, too, were inordinately grey, light for a dog of that coloring. Still, plenty of northern breeds were prone to blue eyes, so this, too, seemed unremarkable. These vexed the old cleric, who seemed determined that Sirius would one day commit a heinous crime and must be distinguishable from all the other dogs in Europe. Nevertheless, no amount of determination yielded any secret trove of hidden features, nor a tattoo mysteriously marked "Sirius Black," though from the look in the old cleric's eye he should have very much liked to make sure of the latter hiself.

Then James stepped forward. He watched his dad for a moment, one pair of deep brown eyes meeting another, before he blurred and changed. Where he'd been there was now a tall, spindly, still-young stag. Padfoot bounded forward with a yelp and James scrambled backwards: an awkward movement in the cramped underground Ministry office with its smooth tile floor. Nevertheless, the dog and the stag were used to playing together, and just as Prongs slid on the tile, Padfoot scrambled to grasp it with his claws. He, too, went splaying, whimpering, legs shaking. Prongs recovered first and danced a bit to mock Padfoot. Remus laughed. Then it was Sirius lying on the floor, legs hoisted in the air, chuckling.

It was plain to see that Mr. Potter was feeling emotional at seeing that his as a strong and proud young stag. He tried to contain his emotion as the cleric looked James over with slightly less determination: for James, after all, did have soft spectacle marks around his eyes as a stag. Remus wondered if the spectacle bit was common, remembering that it was also a distinguishing factor in Professor McGonagall's animagus form. Likely so.

When they were done in that office, Remus breathed a small sigh of relief, for which Sirius pinched him on the buttocks. But not until they were completely out of the ministry did Remus breath truly easy.

"Wasn't so bad," Sirius smiled.

Remus wished he could agree and wondered if Sirius remembered any of the first witch cleric at all, but decided to drop it, as he was conveniently becoming distracted by the smells of Indian food drifting towards them down the street.

"Ah, here we are," Lionel announced, ushering them into a alley with absolutely no markings.

"Where are we--" Remus started.

"Third rubbish bin down," Lionel muttered to himself. "Ah, yes. Alright. Then tap the lid-- I've got reservations, so this had better work--"

The rubbish bin in question transformed immediately into a glass doorway with the name "Raji's" painted across it. They went inside.

"Is this a wizarding Indian restaurant, then?" Remus asked in awe.

"Well, it's an Indian restaurant and it's owned by a wizard, yes. They take galleons, if that's what you mean. The food is the same as muggle Indian-- Wotcher Bess! Look kids, Bess is sitting right over there. Go on now, I'm going to wash up."

*****

The Christmas holiday had been beautiful, other than James' sulky mood and the witch at the Ministry. Still, Sirius and chocolate nog and Indian food in London... Remus was sad to pack up again, even if he knew he was taking Sirius back with him to Hogwarts. Still, he had a strange sensation, almost like fear. He felt as if the general chaos of the hamlet of Godric's Hallow had somehow sheltered himself and Sirius, kept anyone from seeing them too closely or too well. After this, they'd be returning to hallways crowded with eyes: eyes of students, of professors, of paintings and ghosts. They'd be back to schedules, so that a break in a schedule would be noticed. They'd be back to formalities. Schedules and formalities were once Remus' crutch. They had helped him fight the Full Moon by giving him a power over the other days. Now, though... The Moon was on a schedule, too. Why hadn't Remus seen that? Perhaps it was chaos itself that Remus needed more of.

He stared at his half-filled trunk and saw a bit of parchment coming unrolled. Leaning down, he picked up the parchment and also a quill and ink, and sat at Sirius' desk here in the Potters' house. Remus never much fancied himself a poet, but just now he had the strange sensation of emotions and images coming to him too quickly to process, so he let his brain dump them straight into his quill:

How strange, the form of fear:
Long have I feared intemperance:
The Moon, inconstancy, the naked life
But bareness bred a strange sincerity.
Without these secrets, am I without a fear?
My old ones shared are halved and less besides.
The Moon's slow rhythms start to make a
Measure of dark sense, with love's eclipsing
Monthly the terror of the slide. His voice is
By my side; in lonely hours choruses mine own.
In his high seat I've built myself a throne.

How strange, the form of fear:
The massive and unruly cannot part him from my side
Where temperance, reason, fortitude do chide.

Remus chewed the end of his quill and rolled the parchment hastily and tightly. It wouldn't do for Sirius to find him writing love poetry, even if it wasn't all that poncy, really. Weren't most love poets men? And it was just almost a sonnet, like Shakespeare's. Yeah, but Shakespeare didn't write about other blokes, did he? Remus shook his head to wipe clean that odd slate on which he cared about what the world thought, and turned his attention instead back to packing for their imminent return to Hogwarts for the spring of their fifth year. Remus ought to have been happy. Spring, Sirius-- these things clearly should have brought about a renewed fervor in him.

He therefore could not explain the strange foreboding that the coming term brought to him. Something bad was going to happen, and he didn't know how to be ready for it when it came.