Thrill and Adventure
by Phoenix69778©
There's nothing like a little adventure on a slow boring night or even on a fast paced full of life night. Adventure, action, entertainment, enjoyment, and of course pleasure all go hand in hand. Like putting on a short skirt and a tight little top and walking out where people are looking at you. I have always loved the thrill of being watched, wanted, or even lusted after. When I walk down a street or into a store and some guy or even a girl stare at me a little harder or longer than normal it gives me a big thrill.

I remember one time I went into a lingerie shop and there was this young girl, she couldn't have been more than eighteen or nineteen, stocking the racks and she kept staring at me really hard. She wouldn't look me in the eyes but she was looking at every thing else of me. I walked over by her pretending to look at some G-string underwear that was see-through. I caught her eye, smiled at her and said Hi; she just blushed and looked away. She walked away and started stocking some stuff next to the changing rooms so I picked up a pair of the underwear and a matching see-through bra and went into a changing room that was farthest back. I tried on the set and it looked pretty good on me and you could see my nipples and my clit, which were standing at attention. I leaned my head out of the small room and she had moved a little closer to my room, probably to try and sneak a peak, and I asked her if she could help me. 

She looked a little confused but did manage a smile and came towards me and asked what she could do for me. When she got in front of me I told her I needed her opinion on what my outfit looked like. She blushed and said that she didn't think that was something she could do although she kept eyeing my shoulder that appeared to only have a bra on because of the strap. I tried to give her my best pouty face sticking my bottom lip out and said that I really needed her opinion or I just wasn't going to be able to buy anything cause it all made me look fat anyway.

She shook her head and said that I was not fat, and then she looked around to see that no one was around and said okay but she had to stand at the door so no one saw me. I smiled opening the door staying behind it as she walked just inside the door. She just stopped and I knew it was because she could see my reflection in the mirror behind me that gave a real good view of my ass with just a little black string going up. Before she could walk away or say anything I closed the door giving her the full view of my breast and pussy practically naked. 

She started to turn away to leave so I stepped up between her and the door, which put me right up against her. She said she really needed to get back to work and she reached for the door, which just put her even closer to me pressing me against the door a little so I could feel her body against mine. She started to back up and I followed her till she hit the wall and I pressed myself against her. I was just a couple of inches taller than her so that put my breast right in her face that was turned downward. I could feel her hot breath against the skin just above my bra and could tell I was making her very nervous. I asked her if she liked the outfit or if it made me look fat. She stumbled over it but said that I definitely was not fat in fact she said was very sexy looking. I giggled and said really, you think so, what about it is sexy though. She blushed but she said that it fit my curves and that it gave the illusion of nudity without being so. I said well if it looks so good then why won't you look at me, do you not like it. She blushed even harder and said that she like it very much especially on me. I smiled and said that I had to thank her properly for boosting my ego so much. She finally looked up at me confused, which put our faces just inch or so apart and said that I didn't need to because she was just being honest. 

I closed that last inch hovering over her mouth and said what if I insist and she said kind of breathlessly well I guess if you feel you should. I smiled and kissed her softly just lips until she returned the kiss putting her hands on my hips and running them up my back and then down my sides just barely grazing the sides of my breast. She continued down with her hands till she reached my thighs and she followed them around till she cupped my ass in her hands massaging it. With this I leaned into her hands and body and gave way to a deep passionate kiss of tongue, lips, and teeth. 

I ran my hands down the sides of her body feeling how soft and warm she was. Then I kissed down her neck to her collar bone to the tops of her breast that were slightly expose out of her top from us being pressed together. I continued to run my hands down until I got just below her short skirt to her bare thighs and then started back upwards under her skirt slowly pulling it up. She let out a small moan as I exposed her warm soft button that was just barely covered in a small black G-string as well.

I went back to her lips kissing her as I ran my fingers lightly up against her hot center rubbing them into her just enough to tell that she was already wet. I ran my hands up her body under her little tank top she had on and cupped her breast in my hands and started massaging them, I pressed my self into her grinding against her hot center causing her to moan even more. I pulled her shirt over her head exposing her lacy bra. As I kissed her again I sat down on the bench bringing her with me so that she was straddling me and I reached back and undid her bra freeing her breast. I started kissing and licking around her nipples and massaging her ass she began rolling her hips grinding herself into me and moaning. 

She reached down and pulled her skirt free from a Velcro piece on the side leaving her in only her G-string. She pushed me back against the mirror and started kissing down my neck across my collarbone and down to my breast. Then she reached back and undid my bra, and then she licked and sucked on my nipples till they almost hurt while massaging my breast with her hands. She slid down my body putting herself on her knees right between my legs. She pulled me to the edge of the bench and started kissing down my stomach to my hipbone. She grabbed hold of the G-string and pulled them right off leaving me quivering and wandering what she would do.

With a little smile she pushed my legs apart with her hands on my knees, when she had me spread as far as I was going to get she leaned in and blew her hot breath on my clit. It sent shudders through me making me squirm wanting her to keep going. Then she lightly licked the outline of my pussy lips until she got to my clit. She took it into her mouth and started sucking harder and harder pulling more and more of me into her mouth. I was pushing myself into her rubbing my juices all over her face. She was tongue fucking me and I was arching my hips upward to meet her when she suddenly snaked her tongue down across my asshole. It sent convulsions through me. I arched my hips up as far as I could get them and grabbed her hair and pushed her down wanting her to lick me so bad.

She kind of giggled and then she started licking and sucking on my asshole. After a minute or two of this and the tongue fucking which she was very good at by the way, I came in a rush all over her face and the bench I was sitting on. After I caught my breath I looked down at her and she was licking my juices off of her hands, face, and the bench. 

At that I dove on her pushing her to the floor with kisses. I ran my hands up and down her body while practically eating from the mouth down. I nibbled my way down her collarbone to her breast and down her stomach. I sucked and bit on her hipbone and her lower abdomen until she practically screamed with anticipation. I spread her legs as far apart as I could get them and laid down between her legs and just lightly blew on her quivering pussy. She squirmed trying to get me to actually touch her. Finally not being able to stand it anymore she grabbed me by the hair and roughly forced my face into her pussy and rubbed it all over herself. With that I really started in on her and began to eat her out with an appetite I didn't know I even had. I started finger fucking her while licking and sucking on her clit. First one, two, then three fingers and when she thought she couldn't handle anymore I gave her four fingers and started fingering her as fast and as hard as I could. She was thrashing around, screaming, and scratching at the floor until she came in an explosion of orgasm. She came so much it ran down her legs and started soaking into the rug. 

When she calmed down her crawled up next to her and kissed her. She started kissing me back tasting herself in my mouth. After a few minutes we both got up and got dressed with giggles and smiles. She started to leave then she turned around and handed me a piece of paper with her name and number on it. She smiled at me and told me to call her if I wanted to get together some time. I smiled back and told her I definitely would call her.

As she walked out I thought to myself if this is what kind of fun she could be on a spur of the moment then what do you think she would be like if we planned it first. Mmmmmm. Thrill and adventure the way I like it unpredictable.
