Stripping as Exercise
byLuv4hotwives©

"Yeah stripping," Emma replied.

"There has got to be a million different ways to exercise that don't involve taking off your clothes." Tyler protested. "Besides your body is already perfect. I don't understand why you are so concerned about exercise."

"It's about maintaining what I've got. I really am happy with my body, but it never hurts to tone up a little. And yes there are other ways to work out, but there are also lots of benefits to stripping." Emma continued "it requires a lot of stamina and core strength. It works almost every muscle in the body, especially stabilizing muscles that help maintain balance. Plus it's fun and improves self esteem."

Emma and Tyler had been dating for two years now. They met after returning to their hometown after college. Tyler was a year older than Emma and they never really crossed paths growing up. Their chance encounter happened at a popular local bar. Their respective groups of friends combined through a mutual friend that floated around in both circles. After hitting it off Tyler asked Emma out on a date and the rest is history.

Tyler had almost gotten used to Emma's spur of the moment wild ideas, but this was one that even he was not prepared to deal with.

"Ok I guess that makes sense, but I have to be honest with you. I'm really not comfortable with you working at a strip club."

"Oh I wouldn't be going to a strip club! That gets too sketchy and the guys at those places don't exactly have a lot of respect for women."

Tyler felt a sense of relief. "Ok sorry I didn't get it. I didn't realize you meant you were going to be alone when you did it."

"Well not alone, that would be weird and not very fun. Besides I think playing off the spectator is critical to the dynamic of dancing and stripping."

"So you are saying you want me to watch you strip?" Tyler was starting to like the idea.

"No I can't with you. The dynamic isn't there if it's in front of a significant other. I can't really explain it and a group makes for a better audience anyway."

"Then for who?"

"My friends who else?" Emma chuckled as if it were an obvious conclusion.

Tyler had long been frustrated and jealous that Emma hung around mostly guys. Throughout their relationship the two of them had never fully integrated with each other's circle of friends. Emma happened to be the lone girl in her group of friends.

Tyler had no worries about Emma cheating, but he did not trust the guys. There were four of them Austin, Zach, Matt and Cody. She said she was "one of the guys," but their actions suggested to Tyler they wanted more.

"I'm sure they'd all love to see my hot girlfriend naked and what if they try something!"

"Tyler relax, I'm not getting naked for them. And all of the flirting and sex jokes between us is just that, jokes. This is really just more of the same really because it doesn't mean anything. It's like acting! When you are acting you might kiss or have a love scene, but it's not cheating because it's not real. Yes stripping and exotic dancing are sexual, but it's not sexual in the context of it being done in front of them. And these guys I trust, it's not like with strangers where my safety might be at risk."

Tyler resigned himself to the fact that Emma wasn't changing her mind and he really did trust her. "Ok Emma, but can you just do a favor for me?"

"Sure hunny. What did you have in mind?"

"Just to help me feel better that the guys are behaving themselves can you send me the occasional text when you do this so I know what's going on? And maybe a selfie too."

Emma cutely rolled her eyes and laughed, "geez such a worrier! But if it makes you feel better then sure I'll do that tonight."

"Tonight? It's a Friday I was hoping you and I could hang out tonight."

"Sorry hun, Austin is having a bonfire and I already told him I'd be there. But we'll hang out tomorrow I promise!"

Chapter 1: The Bonfire

Emma -

Emma as usual was the last to arrive. The guys expected it and of course relentlessly teased her about it.

"Look who finally showed up!"

"Typical woman taking forever to get ready!"

Emma laughed "oh hush! You know I'm worth waiting for."

Zach chimes in "yeah come on guys you know Emma needs an extra hour to do makeup to cover her hideous goblin face."

Emma started playfully slapping his head, "oh shut up you little bitch!"

"Stop stop! I was only kidding, you know you're hot!" As Zach tried covering his head.

"That's better!" Emma sassily stuck out her tongue. "Actually I had to stop at home to change into my workout outfit."

Emma was wearing an outfit more fitting for the club than a gym. Low rise denim shorts, heels, a tight t-shirt exposing her mid drift, and a small open vest over the top.

"What kind of workout are you planning on doing in that?" Matt asked.

"Well interesting you should ask. Remember when we were drinking last weekend and Cody mentioned seeing something on Facebook about pole dancers being really athletic and burning a lot of calories? Well I did my own research and it's true. Not just with pole dancing, but strippers too. In fact exotic dancing can be even better. I wanted to try and need an audience so I thought of you guys!"

The guys looked at each other in disbelief. "Woah.." one of them uttered.

Emma quickly followed up with, "I don't mean I'm getting naked in front of you guys. Just getting down to the bare minimum to stay covered and practicing my moves. Like I said the goal is to work out so the point of dancing and lap dancing isn't a sexual thing. Besides since I won't be naked and we are all friends there will not be anything sexual about it."

The guys all responded almost simultaneously in support of Emma's idea.

"Absolutely there isn't anything sexual about that."

"Happy to help in any way I can."

"Agree Emma sounds like a great way to workout."

Emma was delighted at the outpouring of support from her friends.

"Awesome! You guys rock and are such amazing friends. Let me start playing some music." Emma paused, "oh wait just have to do something first real quick first."

Emma remembered her promise to Tyler. She quickly rattled off some texts and held her phone out in front of her to take a selfie.

"Ok ready to start!"

Tyler -

Tyler wasn't happy his girlfriend was dancing around in front of her male friends. He didn't even feel like going out. He just sat at home streaming some old shows and waiting by his phone to hear from Emma.

His phone chimed signaling he had gotten a text. It was Emma.

Emma: Hey hun just wanted to let you know I'm about to start and I'm really excited. The boys are being complete gentlemen and super supportive.

Tyler was certain they were very supportive.

Emma: They are totally cool with it and agree it's a great workout idea.

Emma: Oh almost forgot. Here is a pic. Nothing naughty! :)

The picture dropped right after. It was difficult to see her entire outfit, but it clearly fit the bill for stripping. It was pretty revealing and Tyler began to feel flustered that she was going to be dancing around in that for her friends.

"At least she isn't taking any of it off for them," he said out loud to himself.

Over an hour passed without hearing anything. A few dances shouldn't take very long he thought. Tyler decided to text her.

Tyler: Hey babe how is everything going?

About 15 minutes went by before he got a response.

Emma: Oh sorry hun! I didn't notice your text until now. But things are going great! The boys said I'm really good and gave me some good feedback and constructive criticism.

A picture immediately followed. It was a full body picture, clearly taken by someone else. Emma was wearing only a bra and thong. The bra was almost like lingerie, her breasts were covered but the outline of her nipples was clear. The thong barely covered her pussy. She had her knees bent in a crouching position, legs spread back arched, definitely a stripper pose.

Tyler: I thought you weren't taking any clothes off?

Emma: I only said I wouldn't get naked, but I have to take some clothes off for it to be stripping silly! It's not like they can see anything more than if I was wearing a bikini.

Tyler couldn't say much, she made a good point, and he should have discussed limits with her a little more thoroughly.

Tyler: Who took the picture?

Emma: I think that particular one was taken by Zach. I wanted to see how I looked so I asked the guys to take some pics and forward them to me.

Tyler wasn't thrilled that her guy friends all had provocative pictures of his girlfriend now.

Emma: I'm happy this went so well. Totally my favorite new workout. I'll tell you more tomorrow. I can't wait!! Love you babe!

Chapter 2: Day after the bonfire.

Emma came bouncing into Tyler's apartment. Apparently in a good mood. "Hi hunny! Sorry it look me so long to get over here. I was just so tired this morning after being out so late."

"Actually about last night"

Emma cut Tyler off before he could finish, "you are really anxious to hear about it aren't you? I knew you'd get a sexy little kick out of it."

"Um actually no I.."

But before Tyler could protest Emma was already moving on. "So yeah it was a great workout I really feel like it hit all my muscle groups. I admit to feeling nervous at first, but the boys were so encouraging that I was able to get over my jitters. Of course 30 seconds into my first dance I tripped over my stupid high heels! We all laughed and it honestly helped me relax more. After that it was a blast. They gave me so much good feedback like push out your chest more, wiggle your butt and things like that."

Emma's face lit up as she continued telling Tyler about her experience.

"Their support was huge! And speaking of huge, it really helped to see they were physically reacting. It really let me know I was doing a good job." Emma giggled slightly at the last comment.

"How did they react physically?" Tyler was fairly sure he knew, but was hoping he was wrong.

"You know... when doing lap dances I could feel it when moving my body against their lap." Emma quickly added, "you know not like sexual or anything. I mean yes their dicks may have been sexually aroused causing a lump on their laps, but it's not like they were being sexual. They were participating to help me."

"You're telling me you felt their dicks?"

"Not exactly, it's just a lap dance requires moving my body against their laps. And their bulges were a little too big not too notice. I mean at least big compared to yo.." Emma stopped mid sentence, "well compared to some other guys."

Tyler couldn't help but wonder what she was going to say before she cut herself off. "Is that all? Did anything else happen?"

"No not really that's pretty much everything. I did some strip teasing, dancing and lap dances. Then we had some beers and hung out for the next few hours. Then I got dressed and went home."

"Wait, you hung out with them all that time in just your bra and panties?"

"Yeah of course. I was comfortable and really didn't see the need to get dressed right away. Plus the boys were really complimentary about the bra and panties I chose. Thank you for bring understanding with this Tyler and for trusting me."

Emma kissed him deeply. "Oh and the boys agreed to help me with my workouts on a regular basis. You are such an understanding boyfriend I knew you'd be ok with it right hunny?"

"Um yeah I guess so." Tyler wasn't happy about this, but also couldn't really discount her explanations off hand.

"Awesome! I'm getting together with them again Monday evening at Zach and Matt's place."

Chapter 3: Monday evening

Tyler -

It was frustrating Tyler that Emma was taking so long to text him. He was hoping to nudge her into tamer territory this time, but it worried him that it had gotten so late. He texted her.

Tyler: Hey babe what's going on?

This time Emma responded right away.

Emma: Oh hi hunny! Sorry I haven't texted you yet. We've been having so much fun that I completely lost track of time! You have nothing to worry about. Stripping practice went the same way it last time. Nothing crazy!

A picture came with the text. Emma was smiling, it just showed her face and shoulders, but Tyler couldn't help noticing their were no bra straps over her shoulders.

Tyler: Are you not wearing a bra!?

Emma: Oh that. Yeah but it really isn't a big deal. Nick pointed out that when strippers are dancing they usually shake their boobs in the guys faces and that I might want to try it to make it more authentic.

Tyler: I don't know about that.

Emma: No it's true! All the guys said so! Anyway I started to do that when Austin mentioned my bra was scratching his face.

Tyler: So you just took your bra off?

Emma: Yup, Cody suggested to take it off. I wasn't sure at first but he pointed out women go topless in Europe all the time and one even notices. And that if guys can go shirtless here then women should be able too. I realized he was right and took it off!

Tyler: Ok well please don't let things get carried away.

Emma: Of course hun you have nothing to worry about!

Tyler was definitely getting nervous. His girlfriend just showed these horny guys her boobs. He had no choice but to hold out hope things didn't go any further.

Emma -

"Sorry guys I just had to text my boyfriend." Emma shrugged her shoulders, "He's a worrier."

Cody asked, "he really doesn't have a problem with this?"

"No I've explained to him you guys are just helping me with my workout and with practicing."

Zach chimed in, "well I'm glad we can help you. And I've been wanting to compliment you. You really have beautiful tits Emma." The other guys nodded in agreement.

Emma held both of her breasts pushing up slightly and looking at them, "they really are perfect aren't they?" Then she laughed, "just kidding but thank you that means a lot!"

She then hopped onto Zach's lap taking his hands and bringing them up to her tits, "what would you say to one more lap dance before we call it a night?"

Chapter 4: Phone call on the drive home

As Emma got to her car to drive home she noticed a text from Tyler asking her to call him when she was done.

Tyler answered right away "Hey Emma."

"Hi honey you wanted me to call you?"

"Yeah I just want to talk and ask you what happened tonight. It sounds like you got pretty crazy."

"Wow you really enjoy hearing about my little stripteases don't you?" Emma said seductively.

"No that's not what I'm trying to say."

It seemed as though Emma I didn't even register Tylers protest. "I'd be happy to tell you all about it. There's really not much to say though. I practiced my stripping just like last time and the guys gave me advice on how to improve again. Tips like the rubbing my breasts on their faces and taking off my bra. I really think all their advice made everything more authentic."

And then Emma started to giggle uncontrollably.

"What is it?"

"Oh nothing," Emma said continue to giggle uncontrollably.

"What's so funny?" Tyler insisted.

"Well it's nothing it's just a funny thing that happened. It's kind of silly a thing they were all teasing me about."

"Teasing about what?"

"Hunny don't take this the wrong way, but my genitals got aroused."

"What!" Jake stammered.

"I said DON'T take it the wrong way silly! I'm not saying I was aroused exactly but my genitals were. It's different."

"Different how?"

"Well it's perfectly natural with the excitement of the dancing and grinding during lap dances. It's just my body reacting just like your body responds by sneezing when it's dusty. Again it's sexual, but not sexual. I was working out so it was a non sexual thing for me, but it's still a sexual thing to my body."

Tyler was trying hard to grasp this concept as Emma continued.

"For example if I'm giving Cody a lap dance. For me it's just like I'm running through the paces, this is my workout and this is what you do for a workout. All business and not sexual at all. But for my pussy it's like it knows it's covered by only this thin piece of fabric. And at the same time it is being grinded against this hard lump in the pants of a hot guy. And my body and pussy knows it's not just a lump, but under that fabric it's an obviously large cock."

Emma took a moment to catch her breath, "so anyway back to the original story. Since my genitals were so aroused they had gotten wet and soaked through the fabric. Since the fabric is so thin on this thong it basically clinged to my pussy. My clit was also hard from being aroused. So because of all that when the boys got a close up view during my dances, they could easily make out the outline of everything. And that's when Cody said the funniest thing!"

Tyler's mind was swimming. This was way more than he had thought went on. He felt as though he could throw up.

"He said 'look everyone Emma's clit has a boner!'" Emma broke into a belly laugh. "Isn't that so funny! So after that the boys kept teasing me about my clit boner."

Tyler did his best to maintain his composure, "I don't know Emma this is starting to sound pretty sexual to me."

"No like I said it's not sexual at all between me and the guys even if some of what goes on seems sexual it's just part of practicing stripping is all."

"All right.. can you at least tell me none of the guys touch your tits or anything today?"

The thing was since Emma had already rubbed her naked tits on the guys faces she saw no harm in them touching her tits with their hands. I mean it's just skin all the same right? Based on Tyler's last reaction she thought it might be best just to keep that detail to self. "No worries honey we just practiced." She was careful not to lie by saying they didn't touch her, but instead just to explain that it was practice. She was going to dance for the guys again in a couple days and didn't want Tyler to be weird about it.

Chapter 5: Stripping leads to a new workout.

Emma -

"I don't know guys. My boobs are one thing but if I get completely naked you guys will see my pussy that seems like it might be a little too much don't you think?"

Matt replied, "it really isn't a big deal, think about it like you said it's just practice it's not sexual between us. It's just friends helping a friend. And this would help you make the stripping experience a lot more authentic. And like we've said in the past making this more authentic will make it easier for you to fully get into your work out to get the full physical benefit out of it."

"I guess you have a point," Emma reached her hands to the waistband of her thong. But stopped. "Sorry guys I'm still a little nervous. I mean I totally agree with Matt and he made a good point but at the same time it's a little hard to be completely exposed to everyone when I'm the only one naked you know?"

That's when Austin spoke up, "Well what if we got naked too? That way you won't feel so self-conscious."

"Yeah that could work." A grateful look came across Emma's face. "Thank you for being so understanding and helping me through this guys!"

With that the guys started stripping off their clothes. Finally everyone was down to their underwear.

Emma glanced around to the group. "Should we all pull them down together?"

Everyone agreed

"Ok, on three. One two three!" Emma quickly pulled her thong down and the guys quickly followed suit.

Emma looked around at all of her naked friends her eyes being drawn to their cocks which were still partially hard from her dancing for them earlier. Emma couldn't help but notice that even semihard all of her friends had penises that were at least the same size if not larger than Tyler was fully erect. Trying to get the thought out of her head she quickly said, "ok guys take seats and we can get practicing!"

Emma jumped up on the table and proceeded to dance. After the first song played she got off the table and approached Zach for the first lap dance.

Emma stood over Zach's lap first taking him by his hair and pushing his face it her tits. Next she put one leg over his shoulder and slowly and gyrated her pelvis to the beat of the music. Shaking her naked pussy only inches from his face. Then with one swift motion swing her leg over his head. She positioned herself over his lap her back facing him.

Emma began to be roll her hips showing off her ass and slowly move down rubbing her ass and her pussy against his torso. As she got lower she realized as she would soon be grinding on his lap. In a split second Emma rationalized that it would be ok. Nothing changed except the layer of fabric was no longer there and it's not like Zach would be inside of her. Emma felt a sudden rush as she could feel his completely hard dick pressed against her. As she moved her hips the long shaft slipped between her labia. She groaned as her clit rubbed against Zach's massive penis.

Tyler -

"Why does she have to take so long to text!" Tyler's frustration was growing as he waited wondering what those guys could be trying with his girlfriend.

Finally his phone chimed as the long awaited text came in.

Emma: Hi hunny!

A picture came through at the same time, it had been taken by one of the guys. It was from behind Emma her looking back over her shoulder seductively. And completely naked!

Tyler: Why the hell are you naked!

Emma: Oops wrong picture! Sorry hun!

Tyler: Why are you naked though??

Emma: It's nothing. I knew you'd jump to conclusions. It was finally just like we had to make this truly authentic stripping to really make it a worthwhile workout. And it worked! I'm so much more into it and it's so much more intense this way!

Tyler: I just don't get how you could get naked.

Emma: Oh yeah it wasn't easy at first nerves and all. But then they guys got naked too and that helped. They are such sweethearts aren't they?

Tyler: Sweethearts?!

Emma: Yeah and the biggest compliment was the effect my body and stripping had on their bodies! They all got erections and I just couldn't get over how big they were! I wasn't really expecting that, I mean there is nothing wrong with your penis honey, but these guys are so big I mean they were all bigger than you!

Tyler: Did they fuck you?

Emma: OMG! No! What do you think this is? It's just all practice. This isn't about sex it's about practicing something I really enjoy to workout.

Tyler: Are you really saying you just stripped and nothing more?

Emma: That's right hunny just stripping practice.

Tyler: Ok I guess as long as it doesn't become anything more than practice. I love you.

So they saw Emma naked which is what Tyler had feared. It made it that much worse that she had seen them naked too, but Tyler could at least take comfort in the fact that it wouldn't be going any further than that.

Emma -

Emma was relieved she managed to calm Tyler down. Honestly it had become a little more than just a workout for Emma, she was truly enjoying the experience, but it wasn't necessary for Tyler to know that.

Emma put her phone down and looked around at her friends sitting around the room naked and chatting. They were all still semi-hard. Matt who had gotten the most recent lap dance still had moisture glistening on his penis from when Emma was grinding her pelvis on his lap.

"I still feel like I've got another round in me. How about you guys?" Emma asked.

"Me first this time!" Answered Austin.

"Here I come big boy." Emma began to dance over Austin as Cody started playing some music.

The lap dance started like all the rest. Austin quickly hardened to his full 8 inches which pointed straight up from his lap. Emma began to graze the tip with her own body as she danced and Austin began pumping his hips upward along with Emma's motion.

As their respective movements continued Austin's penis would slide more and more firmly against Emma's wet genitals. Finally Emma moved down Austin moved up and the now lubricated tip of Austin's penis slid into the opening of Emma's vagina. They both instantly froze and stared into each other's eyes.

Thoughts quickly ran through Emma's mind. Is this cheating? Should she be stopping? Luckily for her Austin spoke up first.

"You know Emma they say sex is the best workout there is. In the end that's what this is all about right? And some strippers do have sex with their clients if you want to make it really authentic. When you think about it this really isn't cheati." Emma cut Austin off with a kiss, she didn't need any more convincing.

Emma began to lower herself down onto Austin's waiting cock. She could only handle about half of it at first as she started moving herself up and down on it.

"You're so big it feels amazing." Emma bit her lip in pleasure. She looked to either side noticing the other guys had circled around her. She wrapped her hands around Zach and Matt's cocks and smiled, "Looks like this will be an intense workout."

"Let's get you into position," Austin said lifting her up while still inside of her. He carried her over to an oversized ottoman and lowered her onto her back. As Austin resumed fucking her she put her hands back around Zach and Matt's cocks. Cody moved to the other end of the ottoman and Emma quickly welcomed his dick into her mouth.

Emma wasn't accustomed to Austin's large size and felt an orgasm build as he hit places her boyfriend never had.

"Mmmmmmmm!" Emma made a muffled scream into Cody's cock as she orgasmed.

"Oh god," the scream made Cody immediately cum down Emma's throat. Meanwhile Emma's pulsating orgasming pussy pushed Austin over the edge as her came deep inside of her.

As Cody and Austin pulled away Zach helped Emma up, "come here I have a different workout in mind."

Zach laid down on the ottoman himself and guided Emma over him. She began to lower herself down onto his cock while Matt came up behind her. He slathered his own cock with saliva and spit onto Emma's tight butthole. He used his finger to work the saliva in before positioning his cock at her hole.

"You ready?" Matt asked.

Emma nodded and Matt slowly pushed in.

"Ohhh that feels so good."

Zach and Matt began to pick up the pace pounding her pussy and ass at the same time.

"I love this! Keep giving me those big cocks! Ohhhhh!" Emma came again. Zach and Matt couldn't hold it any longer themselves filling her holes with their cum.

Matt pulled away and Emma rolled off of Zach. She continued to lay there for a moment breathing heavily cum dripping from her pussy and ass.

"Can one of you hand me my phone?" Emma asked with a devilish smile. "I need to let Tyler know I'm working out again tomorrow."

Tyler:

Tyler smiled and sighed in relief as he read Emma's last text messages.

Emma: Hey hunny I can't hang out tomorrow. Discovered a new workout routine that I want to start doing on a much more regular basis.

Emma: Definitely NOT doing the stripping exercise routine any more!

"Glad that's finally over," Tyler said to himself. 

