I had to laugh when I heard the music playing and the shower running behind the door of the master bathroom. Dana, my wife, apparently had the same plan as I did about getting ready early that Saturday evening before we met her girlfriend and husband for dinner. Yes, she wanted to see as much of the football game as she could before we had to leave.
Though currently living in the Midwest, Dana and I attended college at a large state school in the south where we met. Dana played on the volleyball team while I played on the football team, though neither of us have the typical physiques of people who had successful collegiate careers in those sports. At 5'8", Dana looks more like a track athlete or swimmer than a volleyball player, and I look more like a basketball player, as I have leaned down since my playing days. Anyway, we normally would be at home, or at a sports bar watching the game. Unfortunately, Dana had misread the schedule when she made arrangements for dinner with our friends, who aren't college football fans. It was a non-conference game with a much weaker opponent, and we had two prior cancellations with them, so we decided to honor our commitment. If I wanted to see the start of the game, I would have to shower in the guest bathroom, nothing new for me.
When I finished my shower, I discovered that the deodorant that I typically keep for myself in that bathroom was gone. I wrapped a towel around my waist and made my way to the master bathroom, thinking that Dana was done with her shower. I was right, the door was open. As I approached I could see Dana. She was wearing pink panties, her hair wrapped in a towel, and applying makeup to her face. She was leaning over the vanity to get close to the mirror, so my eyes were drawn to her muscular legs and firm round glutes. Wow, I thought to myself, I love that ass. Due to my business travel and Dana's work schedule, we hadn't seen much of each other or had sex for a week, so I was aroused just at the sight of her.
Dana looked up from the mirror and smiled, "beat you to the shower."
"You most certainly did," I smiled back and began to approach.
"What do you need Babe?"
"I thought deodorant," I was now behind her, "but that has changed to you."
I put my arm around her waist, pressed my pelvis to her ass, leaned in, and started kissing her neck. My cock was already half erect.
"Oooh," Dana purred, "that's wonderful Babe, but I need to finish getting ready if we want to see the game before we leave for dinner."
With her free hand she grabbed my deodorant that was on the vanity and handed it to me. I took it from her and continued to kiss her neck. I moved my other hand from her stomach to her bare breasts. Her nipples were already hard when I lightly touched and started to caress them. Dana paused a few moments to allow me to continue to kiss and fondle her breasts. My cock was fully erect and pressing against her ass.
"Seriously Babe," she said in a reluctant tone, "I need to finish getting ready."
"I understand," I said as I put the deodorant down and dropped to my knees behind her, my face on level with her lower back and ass. "You go ahead and finish putting on your makeup and doing your hair; I am going kiss this hot and beautiful ass while you do. Just ignore me."
"Suit yourself," Dana said playfully and pushed her ass at me.
I quickly started to kiss and nibble her lower back while I pulled her panties down far enough to expose half of her ass. I kissed and caressed that area and then started to lick her crack. Dana's breath quickened as she leaned into me and bent over more, encouraging me to lick and kiss lower. I pulled her panties lower to clear the path as I teasingly kissed closer to her hole. Dana moaned loudly when I delicately licked her asshole.
"You sure know how to make it difficult for a girl to get ready," she said lustily. Soon she was moving to the rhythm of my tongue as I licked and assaulted her puckered hole.
When aroused, Dana talks -- a lot, which I love, as it in turn arouses me and magnifies the pleasure and experience.
"Fuck yeah," she moaned, " lick that ass...that's it, just like that...oh, you're naughty...that feels awesome...you're such a tease..."
Dana quit applying her makeup, and after another minute or two, she put it down, bent over the vanity, and leaned on her elbows, signaling that she wanted me to move to her pussy. The crotch of her panties was soaked as I peeled them down to her ankles and turned my attention to her dripping pussy. With my nose planted in her ass, I moved my tongue in the direction of her labia and clit. I moaned with my first taste of her thick, tart juices and Dana moaned as I delicately started to lick her sex.
"Yes," she moaned, "my pussy loves that."
She continued to speak encouragingly while I went to work tonguing and licking her pussy, but that didn't last long. Dana wanted to be fucked, as is often the case when we have been apart for more than a few days.
"I need to be fucked with that hard cock of yours," she pleaded.
Wanting to please, I was quickly on my feet and entering her from behind.
We moaned lustily as I penetrated and slowly pushed my cock into her tight soaking hole, our facial expressions which we could see in the mirror showing our pleasure.
"Oh, that's the cock I crave," Dana cooed as we continued to gaze at each other.
"That's the pussy I crave," I cooed in return. I reached with my right hand to touch her clit and my left to touch and squeeze her nipples. I started thrusting slowly and tenderly, but after a few strokes I learned that soft and gentle was not what Dana wanted.
"I need to be fucked hard!" she demanded.
I knew exactly what to do. My pace quickened and soon you could hear the sound of my pelvis slapping her ass. I grasped and squeezed her tits.
"Is that what you want?" I demanded.
"Yeah, give it to me," Dana panted.
My hands moved to her hips and ass. I gently touched her right ass cheek, then I gave it a firm slap. Dana squealed with delight.
"That's it," she said, inviting me to slap her again.
I did, but with the left hand.
"Oh yeah baby...fuck that pussy and slap that ass!"
It wasn't long before Dana announced that she was ready to orgasm and that she wanted me to "shoot a load" in her pussy when she came. I reached around and started fingering her clit as I continued to pound her. In a few strokes I could feel her pussy clench my cock and observe her face tighten, as she said she was about to "explode."
I was ready to explode too.
"Fill me up," Dana demanded, her eyes burning with desire as her pussy began to spasm in orgasmic pleasure.
I shot ropes of cum in her while we moaned in intense pleasure.
"Oh, yes!" Dana cried, as we finished.
As we caught our breaths, our eyes, that had been locked on each other the entire time, communicated our thoughts before the words came out of our mouths. "I love you," we said simultaneously and then smiled at what had just happened.
I pulled out of her, and then Dana turned around and quickly stepped back into her panties. We hugged and kissed. After kissing, she told me to "wash the pussy juice" off my face so that our friends didn't know what we were doing before dinner. She then waived me out of the room so she could finish getting ready.
Fifteen minutes later, I was dressed and watching the start of the game when I heard Dana's phone ring. About fifteen minutes after that, Dana walked into the living room, her hair fixed and makeup on, but nevertheless wearing her bathrobe.
"You look beautiful," I said, "but I am not sure the bathrobe meets the restaurant's dress code."
Dana smiled, "You think?" She walked to the large picture window, closed the curtains, and said that her girlfriend called earlier to cancel dinner and that she ordered Chinese food which would be delivered by half time. She sat down on the sofa across from the chair I was sitting in. She opened her robe and leaned back on the couch, revealing that she was naked except for her pink panties. My attention had left the game and was focused on her.
"The game is going to be a boring rout," she said, "so I am calling an audible."
"Okay, Madam Quarterback," I said playfully, our team already had a three touchdown lead. "What's the play?"
Dana smiled wryly, spread her legs and rested her heels on the edge of the couch.
The silky material covering her sex was soaked. She slowly ran her index finger through the wet spot, pressing the soaked material to create a prominent camel's toe. She licked the thick cream from her finger, savoring the taste.
"My panties and freshly fucked pussy are a mess," she said seductively and then paused for me to look some more and let her words sink in. "I need you to clean up the mess," her tone more demanding.
It is a long story how it all started, but there is nothing that turns Dana on more than when I lick her clean after I have filled her pussy with a load of my cum. "Nothing says I love you more than a man who will eat his own creampie," Dana will often say. She enjoys it most when role playing is involved. Dana, of course, plays the dominate role, and I, of course, play the submissive. I likewise enjoy it. I love her uninhibited, self-indulgent, raw sexual passion which goes against the restrictive, subservient social norms of her upbringing where "good girls" don't act assertively or express their primal desires. And for reasons I can't fully explain, submitting to the one I love, trust and want to please more than anyone in the world is incredibly arousing and provides a healthy escape and emotional release.
In any event, my cock was erect again by the time I was kneeling in front of her and bending to bury my face in her cum-soaked crotch. Dana grabbed my ears and started barking orders. I ran my tongue through the center of her camel toe, getting a taste of our brew.
"You love that, don't you?" Dana hissed.
"Yes," I panted, "I do."
That, of course, is the truth. At this point in my life, I can't believe I once had a phobia about tasting or swallowing my semen. Dana never had any kind of phobia. From early on in our relationship, she would have me fuck her and then have me finish with my pussy juice soaked cock in her mouth. She still loves to lick her juices from my cock before and after I unload in her mouth.
After a few more savory licks, Dana ordered me to take her panties off and hand them to her. I surveyed the task ahead of me. Her pussy, shaved except for a narrow landing strip, was indeed a mess from our earlier fucking. Her slit, labia and outer folds were caked in our thick cream, and needed cleanup.
"Lick it," Dana ordered as she pushed my face into the mess.
Dana moaned as I delicately ran my tongue around the outer portion of her labia.
"Again," she ordered, as she grasped my head firmer. I moaned as I lapped a bigger portion of the cream into my mouth. This in turn unleashed a verbal barrage from Dana and torrent of juices from her pussy.
"That's it, lick that pussy...clean up that cum...eat the pussy that you were privileged to fuck...show me what a good pussy licking bitch you are..." When the cream was cleaned from her pussy, she would replace it with more that she scraped from the crotch of her panties, which she also eventually made me lick and clean, along with her fingers. By the time she ordered me to lick and suck her clit, Dana was approaching orgasm. When I slid my two fingers into her pussy, she exploded moments later with a finger crushing orgasm as she hurled obscenities at me.
Temporarily satiated, she pulled me from her crotch and passionately kissed my cum soaked face and lips, producing warmth and intimacy that is impossible to describe. But the kissing didn't last long. Dana ordered me to strip and lay on the floor, and then descended on my cock with her mouth.
"Somebody was naughty," She said after tasting the dried juices on my cock from our earlier encounter. She slid around into a 69 position and planted her pussy on my face.
"Eat it like you want to fuck it again," she demanded.
I eagerly went to work, burying my nose in her slit as I licked and sucked her clit, and intermittently tongued her asshole which had remnants of our earlier brew on it. A fresh flow of her tart juices soaked my face as Dana ground her pussy on me and teased my cock. When I proved myself worthy to fuck, Dana mounted me from the top and started riding me for all I was worth, using foul language to express how she was feeling and to maintain control of my mind. Dana is a master with words which create mental images that keep us aroused and emotionally connected. We have learned that the connection from talking during sex is just as important as the physical act itself. In fact, Dana often says that sex is 90% mental and 10% physical.
After a long, erotic ride, Dana was ready for another orgasm, and so was I. We rolled to a missionary position so she could receive the clitoral stimulation she loves from my pelvic thrusts.
"Snowball now, or creampie later?" Dana demanded as we were reaching our peak.
To anyone else, the question would have been cryptic, but she was giving me a choice to cum in her mouth and then share a cum swapping kiss, or cum simultaneously with her in her pussy, and then, of course, clean her up later. My answer would also signal whether I would be up for more sex after dinner.
"Creampie later," I said enthusiastically without hesitation.
"Fuck that pussy," Dana ordered appreciatively as she grabbed my ass with both hands. I clearly made the choice she wanted. When she reached the edge of her orgasm, she slapped my left ass cheek, then my right. Again, for reasons I will never understand this always brings me over the edge.
"Fill my pussy!" Dana ordered as her pussy pulsated in gripping waves of orgasm.
When finished, we exchanged an intimate and knowing kiss as we professed our love for each other. But the cuddling didn't last long, as halftime of the game which had our team on the winning side of a lopsided score was already over. This meant our food would be delivered any minute. Dana put her panties on and grabbed her robe, and just as I finished putting my shirt on and zipping up my pants, the doorbell rang. I am pretty sure the delivery guy recognized I had just finished having sex, but he said nothing.
Dana made us cocktails while I unpacked the food. We ate and drank for over an hour. Our conversation was light-hearted and fun as we covered a range of subjects. Throughout it, Dana would remind me that I had a creampie to cleanup and drop subtle teases about fucking me after, which really meant pegging me. It's another long story how it started, but pegging is often involved in our sex play, particularly on nights where I cum a few times. Once a phobia for me, I now say any man who says it is gay or otherwise perverse has never experienced the intense pleasure of an orgasm derived from a prostate massage by an expert such as my wife, who loves and gets off from the role reversal. Besides the physical pleasure, it builds trust and creates deep intimacy, at least for us.
Anyway, by the time we finished dinner, my cock was already swelling from the thoughts Dana had spoken into my head. When we put the leftovers away, Dana motioned me to follow her to the bedroom. I quickly found myself lying on the bed with Dana straddling my face. She was in the mood to tease me, so she planted her panty clad pussy on my face to let me smell and taste the delicacy underneath and then pull away with her pussy inches from my face while she would crawl into my psyche with her profanity laced words. She brought me to the point where I was begging to lick the cum from her "messy and well fucked pussy." When she pulled the soaking material to the side to expose her creamy slit, I did just that, only to be interrupted so that she could slide her panties off. But once she was perched back on my face, I was eagerly back on task. Dana loves to ride my face, particularly after she has been filled with a load of my cum. Her language is particularly colorful too, especially after she has had a couple of drinks.
"Clean me up bitch...that's it, eat that creampie...swallow that cum..." She was drunk on power, self-indulgent pleasure, and knowing that I loved it too. I eagerly obeyed, wanting to please her however she desired. What cum from her pussy and panties that didn't make its way into my mouth was smeared on my face. When I finished licking the cum that had leaked out of her pussy and on to her ass, Dana ordered me to slide my fingers in her so I could massage her G-spot while I licked and sucked her clit. She ground on me and talked vulgarly until her pussy clenched my fingers in another intense orgasm.
Dana moved off her perch and snuggled into me. She kissed me and my cum soaked face in appreciation of what I had just done. Eventually she reached for my erect cock.
"So," she said, a devilish look on her face, "does my hot bitch want to be fucked tonight?" She already knew the answer, but needed to hear me say it nonetheless.
"Yes," I said submissively, "I do." She placed my hand on my cock and said, "stroke it for me, like a bitch who wants to get fucked." With that Dana got up and got her strap-on from her lingerie drawer. As she put on the harness, she talked about how much she was going to enjoy fucking me and how much she enjoyed watching me stroke myself in anticipation. Dana looks hot wearing her strap-on, which is designed for pegging and contains a vibrating massager for the prostate. The other end of it is designed to pleasure the woman. It is curved so that it fits in her pussy and rubs against her clit, and it has vibrating massagers for the G-spot and the clit. The vibrators are operated with a small remote control, by Dana of course. She gave me a devilish look once it was all on and secure, relishing her plans for my ass.
"On your knees," she commanded. I instantly rolled over and presented my ass to be fucked doggy style. She climbed on to the bed and firmly slapped my ass, causing my cock to pulsate with pleasure. I felt a heavy squirt of lube on my crack just above my anus. As it ran down, Dana lightly rubbed it over my hole, before she pushed some of it in with her index finger. I moaned in pleasure. She squirted more lube to the area and continued to work the lube in. She spoke soothingly to me, telling me that I am "hot and sexy" while I moved with her finger in anticipation of being fucked. When my ass was thoroughly lubed, Dana likewise lubed her cock, before I felt the tip of it at my waiting anus.
"What do you want?" Dana demanded.
"I want to be fucked," I replied, desperation in my voice.
The penetration was even more exquisite than her finger as Dana gently eased her cock in my ass and turned her clitoral vibrator on, mimicking the pleasure that we experience when I initially penetrate her. Dana was slow and gentle as she leaned in and pressed her breasts against my back.
"Fuck, I love that," I moaned as she nibbled at my neck. It wasn't long before she was gently rocking her cock against my prostate. When she eventually switched the prostate vibrator on, I cried out, "Oh, fuck yea, give it to me."
We continued to converse. She told me how much she loved to fuck her "sexy bitch" and I told her how much I loved being fucked. She would bring me to the edge of orgasm and then back off. After doing this a few times, I was begging to cum. I continued to beg for at least 10 minutes as Dana worked her magic. Towards the end, she reached around and started stroking my rock hard cock that was leaking pre-cum. She was at the edge of another orgasm as she continued to gently rock in and out of my ass, sending waves of pleasure over my prostate with each stroke.  
Just before she started to orgasm, she slapped my ass and vigorously stroked my cock. When she started to climax, she lustily ordered, "Cum for me."
I erupted and shot a huge load into the palm of her hand. The pleasure was deep and exhausting. I collapsed when I finished, with Dana's tits and sweating chest pressed into my back.
Dana pulled out of me and stepped out of her harness. "That was smoking hot Babe," she said.
I rolled over on my back, "No, you are smoking hot." I smiled earnestly. We paused and gazed lovingly at each other until I asked, "Am I going to be screwed without getting a kiss?"
"No," she smiled, "but what do you want me to do with this handful of cum?"
"Like everything else," I paused, "share it with me." Her hand went to her mouth as she climbed back into bed. Soon Dana was wrapped in my arms, our naked bodies were pressed together, our tongues swapping and swirling my cum as we kissed in intimate celebration of the profound love and life we share.