Carley's Dinner Party
by mjkr700

Carley's Dinner Party -1

The Continuation of "I Was Just Curious"

Eight days after my experience at Ed's Art Studio we received a package in the mail addressed to Phil and Carley. Phil wasn't home so I opened it, noticing the return address had a San Francisco address on it. We live 30 minutes outside the city. In the small package was a note and a voucher. The note simply read 'Carley and Phil. We look forward to seeing you at our Formal Dinner Party'. Had a wonderful time meeting you both. Signed (in real ink) Jeff and Andy. 

P.S. Carley please wear white sneakers and ankle socks.

I read the voucher (One Man's Tuxedo) Carl's Formal Wear. Even though I could barely keep my fingers from my sensitive area the last week and Phil and I had sex twice a day since my Erotic Humiliation (As Beth called it) I had just wanted to know what E.N.F. (Embarrassed Nude Female) felt like and I certainly knew now. 

I put the opened package on the counter knowing I have been through enough. I would not change the past because now I know how these women felt in their E.N.F. experiences and I have the memories of it all. This being said, I have no desire to go through something like that again.

Phil came home and read the note and voucher. I was watching television when he walked into the den. Holding the package he looked to me and I just blurted out "Phil...I don't want to go".


Carley's Dinner Party -1.5

Phil walked up to me and said "Carley..We don't have to go. I'll send Jeff and Andy a text tonight so they have time to find someone else. He sat on the floor next to the chair I was sitting in and started rubbing my feet. Phil is always so romantic and comforting. We watched a movie and I felt so relieved. I felt bad for Jeff and Andy as they were so nice to me at Ed's party but I think I have had my fill of E.N.F.

Another week went by and now I was wondering if I made the right decision. A week away from Jeff and Andy's party I started having second thoughts. I guess it doesn't matter. Phil sent them our apologies and appreciation for the invitation. I never let on to Phil about my increasing urge to do it. I was in my bed. Totally safe, fingers working my now pubic hair covered pussy and imagining I was serving wine and beer at the Formal Dinner Party. I could envision all of these formally dressed people while I had only white panties, a bow tie, a mask and the white sneakers mentioned in the note Jeff and Andy sent.

The Saturday before the party Phil was leaving to play a round of golf. I walked him to the door and he hugged and kissed me. He looked down at me and said "I left you a surprise in our room. See you in a few hours". "What surprise?" I persisted. "Go see for yourself" he said as he got in the car and drove away.

I ran up to our bedroom looking for my surprise. There on our computer was a file with dozens of pictures of me at Ed's so called Art Class. A picture of my naked handcuffed back with the two landscapers facing the camera. Handcuffed at the inside bar. At least two dozen with me in my white panties with all the dressed people I was with. My favorite was me leaning over Ed's bar, my bare back, little barely covered ass and naked thighs as I stood on my tippy toes looking over the bar. Even me shaving myself as I conversed with the others. Right down to me laying on the weight bench covered in my own cum with all my new friends around me.

I got so horny looking at myself that I stripped naked. I went through all our old Halloween stuff and found an old Cinderella Mask. The kind that covers your face around your eyes. I put on my size too small white panties, the mask, white sneakers and ankle socks, As I stood looking at myself in the mirror, I was regretting telling Phil I didn't want to serve at Phil and Andy's party. Next I went through Phil's clothes looking for a bow tie. I found one with the costumes and put it on. Perfect! Too bad I declined. I figured if I couldn't work the party, I can at least please my husband when he gets home.


Carley's Dinner Party -2

I spent the entire morning in my costume. I set up candles on the little bar in our basement. We have a finished room in our cellar that has a sofa, 2 chairs, a small bar with three stools, a big screen T.V. and a kick ass stereo. There's a mirror behind the bar. Every time I caught my reflection I was sorry I wasn't going to be a server at the party. Well screw it! At least I can please myself and my man.

Knowing Phil should be home soon from his golf game I put his favorite music in the stereo and cranked it up! I mixed us up some martinis and found myself dancing in my costume waiting for him to get home. With the music so loud I never heard him come in the house. I was in my own little world.

I was standing at the bar, having my third drink, unaware that Phil brought his golfing buddies home. He has never done that before. He heard the loud music and came down to our little bar room to let me know he was home. Since I've never done anything like this before he had no reason to anticipate my dress code.. or lack of. All four came down the stairs as I was totally oblivious to my surroundings.

CARLEY? was all I heard. I spun around on my swivel bar stool and yelled " Baby Take Me Now!" All four men just stared at my topless, masked frame of female flesh. I could have died. Not having the where abouts to cover up, they all just took in the spectacle. 

Phil ran to my rescue as usual. Putting himself between me and his golf buddies he looked down at his topless wife and said.(Which I Could Not Believe) "So...You Changed your mind?" I never sent the text". Still sitting in just my panties and sneakers he took off my mask. "This will be great practice Huh?" "Phil..You can't be serious". "Why not?" he said. They're all over 60." Phil turned around keeping his back against me bare skin and announced to his golf partners. "Guys..As you have seen, my wife, Carley, had ideas for our afternoon. Would you mind if she serves us drinks while we watch 'The Masters' topless?

Well you can imagine the answers. "No..not at all"..etc. I leaned around Phil's body to see my potential customers. Phil turned back around and looked at me.."PLEASE" he said. Well alright!" I responded. It was time to take things into my own hands if I was going to do this. I pushed Phil back a little so I could stand up. Standing there in nothing but my size to small panties and sneakers I summoned my courage and asked "O.K. guys. What'll you have?"


Carley's Dinner Party -3

All three men asked for a beer. I went up to the kitchen and got them from the fridge. We have beer in the small fridge behind the bar but I wanted to stroll around almost naked. I stood in the kitchen holding the three beers wondering why I enjoy this so much. Down I went and handed the men their beers.

I poised myself with my hands on my lower back so all I have was available to see and asked "Well how was you golf game guys?" 

"Fine...O.k." were the answers I got as they absorbed in their minds every inch of my bare skin. I do believe my attire might have been distracting. After all, how often do you go to a friends house and get served beer from his wife who is wearing nothing but panties that are to small and sneakers?

The guys stayed for a few hours and I was all to happy to get my practice in. I was so glad Phil did not send our regrets. The only problem now was that I didn't want to get dressed. I actually looked at our mailbox and wondered if I could get away with checking the mail without getting arrested.WTF?

As the guys worked their way to the front door to leave Phil and I escorted them. I hugged all three and held the door open for them hoping someone would see me wearing only panties. No such luck I guess. What Is Wrong With Me??? 

As they pulled away I noticed that Phil was not the least bit nervous that his wife was standing almost naked in the doorway with only the glass storm door between her and anyone who happened by. I grabbed his hand and led him to the bedroom.

Well the week dragged on but it was finally Saturday. Tonight I was going to be serving wine and beer to twenty formally dressed gay couples wearing white panties, a bow tie, white sneakers and a mask. I had no choice but to service myself. The anticipation was just to great.


Carley's Dinner Party -4

After I had satisfied myself I walked into the bathroom and had a look at myself in the full length mirror on the bathroom door. My pubic hair had grown back the last three weeks and I really didn't like being bald because it gets itchy when the hair is growing back. I trimmed my pussy but left most of it there. Not that it mattered since I would be wearing panties.

It was the middle of the afternoon when Phil got home. I was on the computer looking at myself on the internet, naked, wondering how I let it get so far. Wow...I was naked, on the internet and naked in my home..haha

Phil entered the room and I asked him. "Honey...are you sure you'd be good if someone recognized me in these photos and videos?" "Well Carley...Someone actually did" he responded as if they saw me at the pharmacy. "WHAT?" I screamed. "My friend Bert from work. You know him. Well he was the one to turn me on to the "ONLY ONE NAKED" web sight. He'e fascinated about how these women get them selves in such situations.I didn't know he went on every day" He said to me Tuesday "there's a girl who looks just like Carley on the internet. You need to seed this". 

"What did you say to him? I asked, feeling sort of turned on.

Phil could not have been more casual. He simply said "I saw the picture on the sight and told him, "Yeah Bert...That's Carley. She poses for art classes from time to time. Good make up job Huh?" and dropped the subject as his friend from work was looking at every patch of his naked wife's skin and sure to tell everyone else, OMG

It was time. We got in the car and drove into the city with unbelievable ENF conversation. I couldn't wait!

We pulled up to Andy and Jeff's house and went to find a parking space. They have a three story home on a steep hill in downtown San Francisco. We parked about a block away in a parking garage. As we walked to the house Phil held my hand and reassured me he would be there for me if I needed him. Jeff and Andy were right. Phil is like the secret service. Invisible until he is needed.

We were next door to the house when I had the urge to get picture of Phil in his tuxedo. He looked so handsome. I stood back to take the picture when I noticed the flyer in the window of this little bar called 'Mike's' next to Andy and Jeff's. TOPLESS NIGHT with todays date on it. Look honey...Everyone is having a topless waitress tonight. I took the photo and Phil asked me "Ready?" I was nervous but ready. I said "Yeah I am...Are you?" He nodded and we walked up to the front door hand in hand.


Carley's Dinner Party -5

I rang the bell and Andy answered the door looking good in his tux. We were about a half hour early but I figured it was better than being late. "Great!.. You guys are here" he said as he hugged me and shook Phil's hand. Thanks for coming. Right behind us were two young kids about twenty years old. Andy looked at them and asked "Are you guys the valets from the garage?" They responded "Yes" and we all walked in. 

The place was extremely nice and spotless. Andy excused himself so he could instruct the boys in their jobs for the evening. I figured the boys would be valeting cars to the parking garage and I had no need to worry about them seeing me in my scant (As Jeff called it) outfit. I was starting to get excited.

Jeff walked up to us looking oh so dapper in his formals and said "Carley, Phil...Great to see you again!" He welcomed us and took us for the minute tour of the house. Andy and Jeff could not say enough about how glad they were to see us. We were on the second floor when Jeff handed me a box about the size of a bracelet gift box. "Phil..You look great and Carley, you can change in here", opening a door to a good size bathroom. 

"Jeff.. where's my outfit?" I asked. "In that box" he replied. "Just like we talked about. Panties with a bow tie and a mask." he said. "Thanks Carley for wearing white sneakers. We'll see you guys downstairs". 

Jeff and Andy walked down the stairs as I looked at this tiny three inch by three inch box that was in my hand and then up to Phil. Still at the top of the stairway I frantically opened the box. 

My heart sank as I pulled out a pair of totally sheer white panties with a one inch black bow tie on the center of the waist band right above where my slot would be and a white ribbon with holes in it like a Ninja Turtle mask. I almost started to cry. Phil rushed me into the bathroom and tried to calm me down. "Take it easy Carley..It'll be o.k." he said, wondering if I was set up.

"I may as well be naked", I said almost in tears. Phil looked at me and said "Just try them on and then decide. If you are not comfortable we can leave. Screw em". "Why are you good to me?" I asked.

"Well...let me think" he said in his usual sarcastic tone. "I Love You ... Oh....not to mention I have had sex every day for the last three weeks with a woman that turns me on like no other." We both laughed. "Try them on honey and let me know what you want do do."

I took off my clothes and put on the sheer panties. I put my white sneakers back on and looked into the full length mirror on the back of the bathroom door. Phil walked up behind me and positioned my little mask and secured it in the back. Topless with all my pubic hair on total display (Trimmed enough so none was sticking out past the solid white waistband or leg holes. I mention them since they are the only part of the panties that are solid. The part that's 'supposed' to cover my privates.. ARE SEE THROUGH !!) and a ribbon like mask to disguise my identity.

Phil and I looked at my totally exposed form against his tuxedo clad frame and had the exact same idea. We looked at each other and screamed "Screw Em" With that we walked out into the hall and down the staircase to the first floor.


Carley's Dinner Party -6

As we got to the bottom of the stairs Jeff and Andy met us. "You guys look great!" Andy said. Jeff added "I hope you don't mind, but if you can try to keep the fact you are married a secret the guest may feel more comfortable". Phil agreed but I was worried. "Jeff..I'm not going to be molested or any thing...Am I?" Jeff looked at me when Phil answered "Not by the men honey" Jeff knew right then that Phil was on top of it. OMG I never thought about the women who were soon to arrive.

Well.. You know how sometimes you don't really think things all the way through? Well that's what I didn't do. Jeff hustled Phil off and I was standing in front of Andy with my Ninja Turtle mask, see through panties and white sneakers. That was all fine, as my goal was to prance around almost naked with a group that would not be so judgmental anyway. 

Andy decided to show me the kitchen. All was fine until we walked through the door. Then 'BAAM' There were Eight. Yes eight, kitchen staff. Five women and three men. They were all staring at me while protected by their full uniforms and me practically naked. Could anyone be more humiliated? The answer is yes. The oldest of the staff walked up to me and reached into my waistband, pulling me through the kitchen by the only thing barley covering my privates. "Come with me you little Tramp" she said. Andy yelled "Alice!! What are you doing?" "Andy" she said "You and Jeff are like my own. I'm going to make sure 'Miss Sweet Little-Show All I Have' knows it!

Into the back alley we went. Once outside I started to cover myself with my hands hoping no one was watching. Alice turned and said. "Look Missy. I have raised these boys since grade school and I will not have some gold digging slut tearing this house apart!" "I'M Married" I said. "My husband is with Jeff making sure I am safe. It's supposed to be a secret"

"Jeff...It's always Jeff. He's why you are here naked. Am I right?....That boy".

"Oh Child" she said in what was now a much sweeter voice. I'm sorry. I can be overly protective of my boys". As I stood in the alley covering myself she looked at me and kind of sneered. "Really Child. You're being modest now? How did you get in this situation anyway?" "Can we go inside now?" I asked. "What's your name?" she asked. Carley I told her.

"Well Carley, have no fear of the law around here. If I wanted to, I could walk your naked ass down the road three blocks and have a meal at D" Agelo's and not a soul would complain"

"You mentioned about Jeff. Should I be afraid? I asked. "No No" she said. "Not like that. Jeff likes to have fun which is why I'm standing with a naked girl in this alley. Carley....Look me in the eye and answer this question." "You are naked. Is that your choice or Jeff's?" "I'M NOT NAKED !!" I affirmed. "See through panties with no other clothing is not naked these days I guess?" she muttered.

It would have been so easy to blame my nudity on Jeff but I had to come clean. "Alice...It's not Jeff, It's me" I spread my arms apart and set my feet apart. I told her. I don't know why but I enjoy being naked in front of other people".


Carley's Dinner Party -7

Take it easy sweetie. I was young once. I my day we went skinny dipping in the lake. "My how times have changed" she said looking me over again.

"How did you meet Jeff and Andy" she asked."At an art class" I responded. "Don't tell me. You were posing nude right?" I bit my lower lip and just nodded.

"Well we haven't been properly introduced" she said extending her hand to me. "Carley, I'm Alice"
as she smiled. "It's nice to meet you, even if you are almost naked"

I returned the smile and shook her hand. "Nice to meet you too Alice"

"Well let's get you inside" she said. "But girl a word of advice. If you're going to walk around wearing only transparent undies...you might want to think about shaving. You have a darling little figure and a cute little trimmed bush but that look screams out 'Everyone look at my goodies"

"I didn't know they would be transparent. I was supposed to be topless with a mask" I complained.

"Well you sure are that and a lot more, or should I say less" she said with a grin.

We started toward the door when I heard "Hold it right there you two". BAAM! With a flashlight on my almost naked body I heard the words "You there....Turn around". I was absolutely frozen when I heard Alice say "Betty. what are you doing? Slow night on the force?" Me? What are you two up to Alice?" 

Still frozen, this lady cop told me to turn around again. I slowly turned filled with more humiliation and fear than I had experienced at Ed's party all that day and I have been here less than an hour.

Covering what I could, I turned around and saw a young female police officer. "Well Well Well" She Said "What do we have here?" looking to Alice for answers as I stood there wishing I could just die.

"This is Carley. She is waitressing for Jeff and Andy's party tonight". "You have got to be kidding me" she responded in a totally demeaning tone still shining the light on me. "How do I know it's Carley? she asked" Where's her I.D?" With that they both started laughing out loud at me. "I guess I won't need to strip search her" she continued as they laughed even harder.

O.K. Carley, hands against the wall and spread em!" she instructed. Alice tried co come to my defense when Betty the lady cop said "Oh come Alice I'm just having a little fun."

She had me take the position against the wall and started frisking me like I was fully clothed, rubbing my bare breast right down to inside my thights. The shame was unbearable. I just whimpered as she made her way around the front of my stomach and into my panties. She penetrated my opening and said "Wow Carley...You are moist down here." I could barely keep from crying yet I was becoming aroused.

"O.K....She's clean. Turn around missy" she instructed. Looking right at me she said "Cute little beaver but you should shave when wearing those" as she waved her flashlight at pussy. "That's what I told her!" Alice said in agreement "Alright ladies. Have fun" she said and walked back down the ally 


Carley's Dinner Party -8

Alice looked at my mortified expression and said "Oh come on honey, pull yourself together. If it's any consolation I have been rethinking the shaving thing. You have such a cute little patch, why not show it off to everyone. Now chin up."

I did as she said trying to get the confidence back that I had when Phil and I walked out of the bathroom and down the stairs. O.K. you might as well meet the staff since you'll be see a lot of them tonight. Not as much as they'll see of you of course" she said as she held my hand and we walked back in to the kitchen. The guest will be here soon so put your mask back on. I had taken it off earlier and handed it to Phil when we met Alice.

I was so thankful I didn't have it on when I met Betty the lady cop. She probably would have called my a cat burger and taken me downtown.

With my new alliance with Alice I made the rounds as she introduced me to the others. Everyone was really sweet as if this wasn't that unusual here. One of the girls said "Carley, my guess is your outfit is less than you expected". "Much less" I responded. That's Jeff for ya" she said. 

Just then Phil walked in to find me chit chatting with the kitchen staff, feeling relaxed. He handed me my mask and reminded me the dinner guest would be arriving soon. I put on my little ninja mask and asked Phil how I looked. Before he could answer Brenda, a girl in the kitchen said "Now I like that! Really? I asked hoping she was serious. Damn right! I want the first photo" she said handing her phone to a coworker and standing next to me. "Smile" she said as I heard the snap of the phone. She retrieved the phone and we looked at the photo together. "You look great girl" she said.

My exhibition desires where returning as I could hear the phones snapping and everyone was jockeying for a positon next to the almost naked super hero..haha. It was time. I thanked my new found friends for being so nice to me and took a deep breath. "You'll be great Carley" someone said. I grabbed my little tray with plastic wine glasses and headed for the entrance hall to serve the incoming guests.

As I arrived in the entrance way Jeff and Andy were greeting a few male guests. With everyone in formal wear I really felt exposed. One of the men walked up helped himself to a glass of wine and started talking to me. I bet Jeff picked your outfit. You really pull it off and winked at me.

I was most nervous about the women guests we were expecting. Women can be more cruel than men in a situation like this. I heard some women's voices and really started wondering what I was thinking. I was walking around with my tray when the first woman noticed me. Holding up the bottom of her gown she made a bee line straight for me.

I started shaking and was afraid I was going to drop my tray. "Andy and Jeff!!" she yelled. Everyone looked right over at us. Petrified, I waited for the humiliation to begin. "It's about time! Mary come over here." she barked. Mary must have been her partner. 

The two women were sizing me up when Phil walked up and took my tray. He was afraid I would drop it too. I never felt so naked in my entire life as I did right then. The panties and mask felt nonexistent. "We have been coming to Jeff and Andy's dinner parties for years. Every year some Chippendale in a speedo serves the drinks. This is more like it!" 

She bent over as if she was getting a close up of my pussy. Her face only a foot away from it. I had no idea how to respond so I just stood there. "Look Mary, a little bow tie on her clear panties. How festive" she said. "I'm Andrea and this is Mary. Who are you?" she asked.

"Carley" I answered. "Well Carley, you are adorable. Love the little carpet" she said. Andrea grabbed a glass of wine and started to mingle when Mary whispered to me "I love the little carpet too" then winked at me and made her way back to Andy and Jeff. I was dumbfounded but happy. People were actually noticing in a nice way how I was dressed. Or undressed depending how you see it.

I had been serving wine for about 45 minutes and had met all the guest who had arrived. I could not have been more thrilled. This was what I was hoping tonight would be like. People staring at my almost naked body, taking pictures with me in them. Being nice to me. It was Perfect!

That's when I heard the one sound I was hoping never to hear while exposed like this..."Carley! I that you?"


Carley's Dinner Party -9

There's no way I just heard the words "Carley, Is that you?". After all I moved to California 18 years ago right out of high school. I know no one in the city except Andy and Jeff and just met them three weeks ago. I must have heard wrong. I'm going to keep serving the wine with my breast bouncing around and mingling with the guests. Guest who appreciate me spicing up their little party and indulge me.

I returned to serving the wine when I heard two women walking up behind me talking. "I'm not sure Debbie but it looks like her" said one. "Michelle it can't be" replied the other. "Carley. is that you?" I heard again. The room quieted down as everyone watched me stop and turn around slowly. 

Still holding my tray I was unable to cover my naked breast. I had no choice but to acknowledge them. I remembered Michelle and Debbie from high school and now here they were. Looking elegant in their formal dresses while I stood there with nothing but my shame.

"It is you! How Are You Doing?" Michelle asked. Then she stood back and looked me up and down and asked "What Are You Doing?" I just gave them a blank look like I had no idea. 

The party was still quiet as everyone couldn't wait to see how this reunion was going to play out. Phil again stepped in to take my tray but covering myself now seemed pointless. "You remember Debbie?" I mustered what little courage I had left, forced myself to smile and said "Of course, how are you guys?" Michelle was always very blunt in high school and I found out she still was, with her next question.

"O.K. Car. (that's what she called me in high school) Bottom line. Are you a whore or a slut?" I could hear people gasp, then there was silence as everyone was captivated by the change of events "What? I barely managed to squeak out. "Whore or Slut? If you're a whore you do this shit for money. But, if you're a slut...you do it because you totally get off on it." She smiled as she shook her head slightly from side to side and said "Please tell me you're a slut." 

I hated the word whore. It always made me think of women that sleep with married men and break up families. With every eye in the room glued on me I answered, looking at the floor...."Slut"

The room erupted with people cheering as Debbie and Michelle gave me big hugs. Debbie looked at my pussy and said "Still got a great bod girl and an awesome little muff. I used to check you out in the showers after gym class." 

The pictures started flowing again as Phil smiled at me from a distance. All the guest had arrived and the party started again.


Carley's Dinner Party -10

In the midst of it all there I stood. I could feel how red my face must have been. Did I really just stand in front of all these formally dressed men and women in nothing but transparent panties, sneakers and a white ninja mask and admit I was a slut. Were they cheering for me or was this a way of laughing at my total humiliation? I needed break. 

I used the excuse of needing more wine and glasses to make my way back to the kitchen. I went through the door oblivious to everything, trying to gather my thoughts and catch my breath. I had been utterly degraded. What was worse was I had 'The' major role in my own degradation. I didn't have to be here. I wanted to be the center of attention. I enjoy mingling with everyone practically naked. I enjoyed mingling naked and shaved at Ed's. The problem is...deep down...I knew I also wanted the humiliation but didn't know why. 

I was leaning against the wall behind the door that led out to the party. With my legs spread about two feet apart, my hands on my bent knees, leaning over with my head completely lowered and only my little ass actually touching the wall I contemplated these thoughts. At least for the moment I felt relaxed being in the kitchen with the staff that had been so sweet to me earlier. As I said, I was oblivious to my surroundings. That was yet another laps of judgement I would pay for with my dignity.

I heard Brenda ask me if I was O.k. and how was it going, as I was taking a moment still looking at the floor. As I noticed my bare breasts hanging there, suspended above my naked thighs I heard one of the girls say "See, I told you what she was wearing". I snapped out of my little self induced coma and heard a lot more that six voices.

As I thought how this could not be happening, I managed to lift my head and look up. There were at least seven strangers I had not met, staring at me. No doubt wondering why I was almost naked and wearing a ninja mask. "Carley, come meet my friends" one girl said not knowing the magnitude of the situation. At least for me.


Carley's dinner party10.5

Two of the girls ran over and grabbed me by my hands and pulled me to an upright stance. As the camera phones were clicking at lightning speed, I tried to summon what was left of my dignity. That tank was empty. The girls were so excited to show me off to their friends. It was as if I was some little toy they had just gotten for Christmas. 

Everyone was grabbing me to have their pictures taken with me. Somehow I managed to smile and be polite amongst this pack of wolves who were devouring my almost total nakedness with their hands and cameras. Although no one touched my breast or ass (at least not intentionally) being pulled in so many directions by these dressed people, all I could think about was finding some shelter if only for a few minutes. 

Brenda said "Look Carley," as she showed me a picture of us on her phone. "This is a good one for the internet, huh?" I almost died as the thought of all these photos of me being posted for the world to see. If Michelle and Debbie recognized me wearing my little mask, who else wood? What if our friends saw me? What could I possibly say to justify wearing almost nothing while surrounded by all these clothes people? Nothing. No story could justify this. Michelle was right. I am a slut.

I started to hyperventilate thinking of the total shame of being recognized. This ENF fantasy was totally out of control! I needed to get out! What was I thinking? Why do I enjoy both the attention and humiliation? Just then Alice pushed her way through the crowd and grabbed my hand. Come with me sweetie. You look like you need a break. She led me to a back stairway and up to the second floor. She took me to the bathroom so I could regroup. 

Once in the bathroom, I could not believe it. "My clothes! They're still here! I said with relief. "Of course they're still here. No one is forcing you be to naked" Alice replied. For the last time...I'm not naked!" I insisted. Alice walked me to the full length mirror behind the door as she stood behind me and slightly to the side. We both gazed at my reflection for a minute....I was naked. Or as close as someone can be, I thought. 

I turned and ran for my clothes. As I picked them up, Alice said "going to tuck tail and run are you? That's fine, I'll even tell your husband to meet you out back. Andy and Jeff will sure be disappointed though. They talk so highly of you and really enjoy your willingness to exhibit yourself". "You mean humiliate myself" I responded. Alice looked me in the eye and said "call it what you want but they were so looking forward to having you here. Do what you think is best." 

I slowly put my clothes back down on the counter and looked at at Alice with this feeling of guilt. I was letting everyone down. "Come here sweetie" she said as she led me back to the mirror. We looked at my almost naked body together as she quietly said "chin up, put those perky little breasts out and get back to that party." 

"If I were you I would take the main staircase back to the party. Kind of a grand re-entrance. Imagine walking down those stairs as everyone will be looking up and admiring your courage. I started feeling that courage she was talking about return. After all I really did have a good body. Why not show it off to a few people tonight. Little did I know what was coming later. 


Carley's dinner party - 11

I did as Alice suggested. While she made her way to the back stairway, I made my way to the main stairway. I reached the top of the stairs and started walking down. All eyes were on me as Michelle yelled. "See.. our little slut is back! I told you she didn't leave". Then she looked up to me as I neared the bottom of the stairs and said "give yourself a little orgasm, Carley? I would have".

"No..." I responded. "I just needed to use the bathroom". She walked up to me and put her hand on my pussy. "Well if she did, she took her non existant panties off. They're dry." she replied speaking about my panties. I was anything but as I surveyed the faces in the room, knowing they were all wondering if I had just masturbated in the bathroom. Let them wonder, I thought, as I rejoined the group.

Andy walked up to me a whispered "Carley.. I has some wine put out by the kitchen staff so you and Phil could join the party. I hope you don't mind". "Are you sure?" I asked, feeling like I fell down on the job. "Possitive, everyone wants you here" he responded. That made me feel good and glad I didn't run out on them.

Phil and I joined the party not offering the information that he was my husband. He preferred to sit back and watch me exhibit my body or humiliate myself. I'm not quite sure which one it is. All I know is the pillow talk and sex are great afterwards. Here we were, the only straight couple at this formal dinner party with me in this state of dress. Or non dress. I was starting to feel good about myself again.

As we mingled, two additional seats were added to the dinner table. Jeff set them up separating Phil and I at other ends of the banquet table. It was time to sit and eat. As we all sat down the feeling of my bare breasts being on dispaly for all the other dinner guests started setting in. How was I supposed to carry on regular dinner conversation with my breast just sitting out there. I took off my mask and laid it to the side.

Michelle took advantage of me revealing my identity and secretly pulled out her camera phone. "Smile Carley" she said as she took the pictures of my face and bare breasts sitting at the table. Determined not to be the brunt of her jokes, I did as she asked. I put on a big smile and bravely let her take her photos. Debbie and Michelle looked at the camera and commented on how good they were. So I'm on the internet. who cares I thought.

Mary sat next to me with Andrea on her other side. She seemed unable to take her eyes of me. I was getting nervouse that Andrea might get upset. That when we all heard "Carley" Adrea spoke out. "Mary and I have an open relationship and girl, she is really attracted to you. How does that make you feel?"

Having no idea how to respond to such a question I simply said "I'm really flattered but I'm not a lesbian". Mary looked at me and said "You are today cupcake". I could feel the lump in my throat as everyone fell quit. Even Phil had no expression on his face. What did she mean by that? Was she going to try to get me alone and molest me? Now I had something new to worry about as I wondered if I should have taken my clothes and ran. 


Carley's dinner party - 11.5

Dinner was fabulous as the stress left my body. Happy to be topless at the table, I engaged in conversation with all around me. As dinner was finished and we waited for desert, I heard Andrea say, for all to hear, "Carley, Mary would like to have you for desert". Now Mary was close to my size and attractive but here demeanor intimidated me. With the entire table looking at me I just blushed and remained silent. Jeff spoke up saying "Carley, everyone knows Phil is your husband. It's not cheating if he's good with it. Mary's been talking about giving you oral sex since she arrived. What about it?"

How do you answer that? WTF. I looked at Phil and he gave me a little smile and shrugged his shoulders. He left me out there." Out there for all to see this was my decision. I felt so trapped as Mary kept scoping out my body. As I stuttered to find the words to decline, Mary stood up and took my hand. What was she doing? Where were we going? I completly fell numb hoping my wetness would not show on my panties. I couldn't bare that humiliation along with all this.

She led me to the living room that had carpet. I fell into total submission not knowing what else to do. She knelt down in front of me and slip my transparent undies to my ankles and pulled them over my sneakers. Now, I was naked! Except my sneakers of course. She started running her hand through my pubic hair as I let out a little chirp. 

With everone watching she laid me on my back and spread my legs apart. I was just laying there for all to see my shame, yet anticipating the feel of her tounge on my opening. Mary stood up looking down at me, totally exposed for all to see. What was she doing? Was this a cruel joke to humliate me more? I was so aroused my now I may have masturbated right there. She looked at me like the lamb led to slaughter that I was. I don't want to ruin my gown she said as she removed it. Standing there in her lace bra and panties she handed the dress to Andrea and took her position.

I gave in completly as I looked for Phil in the crowd of onlookers. I was hoping he was approving of all this. I caught his eye and he gave me a little thumbs up. That was all I needed to enjoy the pleasure I was about to recieve. I felt myself pushing my mound upward when I felt Mary start to pleasure me. I actually looked at the faces of all who were witnessing my total humiliation and pleasure.

I started moaning and got to a full scream as I climaxed in front of the room of photo taking guests. With no mask to conseal my identity or clothes to cover my shame, I just quivered on the carpet as the snaps of the cameras was all one could hear. For the first time in my life, I had been brought to orgasm by a woman. I just laid there in a trance while Mary stood and put her gown back on. 

Michelle and Debbie helped me to my feet. Michelle, being unable to leave it alone, said "Wow Carley, You really are a Slut! You got more guts than me girl" she added. Now that my orgasm was over, I could feel the humiliation coming back. I was naked, sweaty and the expressions of everyone were hard to read. "We better get you cleaned up before you put you panties back on" Debbie said. "Not that I can figure out why you'd need them after that display" Michelle added as the three of us headed to the bathroom. 


Carley's dinner party -12

Wearing only my sneakers and holding my transparent panties, I walked up the stairs with Michelle and Debbie. We entered the bathroom and Michelle started filling the oversized bath tub. Debbie took my panties and and told me to remove my sneakers. Now standing there totally naked the questions started coming. How long have you been an exhibitionist? Do you like being humiliated? Are the orgasms better? 

I explained I had only done something like this once before. Debbie said "Wow girl, you just jump right into the deep end of the pool, huh?" I told them about Ed's party and how this all started. They were more fascinated that I had shaved my pussy in front of everyone than anything else. How degrading they said. My response was "It was degrading, and humiliating, but the feeling of everyone in the room seeing me so exposed got me so worked up I can't put it into words. Sitting there in a room full of dressed people, naked with my legs spread apart and my pussy bald and pink from shaving, was a feeling I can't explain".

I got in the tub to wash up. I saw Michelle whisper something into Debbie's ear and she left the bathroom leaving the door wide open. "Michelle, can you close the door?" I asked. "Oh...Now you're modest" she replied. "They've seen it all honey." People were popping in and out the whole time I was bathing. Everyone one seemed to want to talk to me as I sat there naked in the water. By this time I figured it didn't matter. Let them get another look I thought.

Debbie returned to the bathroom as Michelle handed me a towel. I dried off and reached for my clothes. Michelle stood between me and my clothes holding out the sheer panties. "Just because you've had your orgasm doesn't mean the exhibition is over" she said. "Put these back on and your sneakers too. We have a surprise for you." 

"What surprise?" I asked, now starting to worry. "Relax, you'll love it" Debbie replied. I did as instructed and put the panties and sneakers back on. After all, I did tell Andy and Jeff I would wear this costume for four hours and it had only been three. Plus the truth be told, I didn't want to get dressed yet. Being in this safe atmosphere was just what I wanted. I was still missing my mask however. I knew I was being plastered all over the internet without it. Out there with my face and body on full display for anyone to see.

We left the bathroom. As we got to the top of the stairs I heard Andrea say "Are we ready girls?" "Ready for what?' I asked, afraid of what the answer was going to be. "Your topless waitress gig of course" Michelle answered. "You're going to serve drinks at Mike's bar next door. I remembered reading the sign as we arrived earlier. 

I froze and said "NO WAY! I'm not doing that! Not in a public place!" Everyone was assembled at the bottom of the stairs looking up at me. "It's one thing to be here at a private party. It's another thing all together to be in a public place. I can't do that. I'm sorry but here's where I draw the line."

"Come on Carley. They were supposed to have four topless waitress' tonight and only two showed up. Mike has a special permit so you can't get in trouble. He really is hoping you'll do it" Mary pleaded with me. "I did you a favor."


Carley's dinner party-12.5

Was I now obligated because she gave me oral sex. Yes, I enjoyed the orgasm but that doesn't mean I have to go to a public bar dressed like this. Does it? I stood there looking down at everyone, especially Phil, and started feeling bad. Could I really go through with this. Almost naked in public? 

"Come on Carley, We'll all be there with you" they pleaded. I looked at Debbie and asked "Debbie I want a straight answer. Are there topless women there? And if so are any wearing see through underpants?" She replied "Carley there are two topless women there, but I couldn't tell if their panties were solid or sheer" she said convincingly. I caved in and said "Give me a coat to wear over there. I don't want to get arrested walking there like this." "We'll all surround you. It's only ten feet to the door" they all said at once.

Against my better judgement I got in the middle of these formally dressed men and women and headed out the front door. I was practically naked on this public street! Right down town! What was I thinking? We shuffled next door as I held the fabric of their clothes against my bare skin. The reality of the situation hit me as we entered the bar and I saw at least one hundred dressed people having their drinks and enjoying themselves.

I scanned the bar for the other topless women when my heart sank. Debbie couldn't tell if their panties were see through because they were both wearing pants. I was standing in a public bar in nothing but see through panties and sneakers. I was shaking with utter humiliation.

Just then Mike walked up and said "Hey Guys, thanks for coming." He looked at me and said "You must be Carley" with a smile on his face as he scanned my almost naked body. Others started to notice me and the hoots and hollering started. "Check out the naked chick". "Nice bush", etc.
I turned totally red as the eyes of everyone in the bar were on me. I felt every last bit of my dignity leave me.

My automatic reaction was to head for the door. That's when I realized everyone from the party, including Phil had mixed among the crowd leaving me standing there. A total specticle. Mike grabbed my hand and led me through the whistling crowd to meet the other two girls. Mike introduced me to Sherry and Marla. They looked right at my pubic hair pushing through the sheer material. 

Marla said "Girl...all tips go into this jar and we split them at the end of the night. Since you're naked, I figure we'll capitalize on that and make more money for ourselves. Now get out there and flaunt that little pussy of yours and take some orders".

Not knowing what to do,I took the order pad and started waiting tables. You can only imagine the looks and comments I got. How could I have gotten myself into this? For the next hour I waited tables. People started losing interest in my state of undress. It was actually getting to be fun. I was in a public bar, practically naked and few seem to notice anymore. Wow, I'm really doing this!

As usual, just when I'm getting comfortable prancing around almost naked, the humiliation bar gets raised again. I heard Sherry yell out "Mike!...They're Here!" Who's here I wondered as I looked to the door. That's when I saw a T.V. film crew come in. Mike went to meet them. I hid behind the bar when Marla started to explain to me what was happening.

"They're from an internet streaming news show. They do stories on this type of thing. Naked bike runs, Topless days. You know, anything where people are partially dressed or naked in public. They have 250,000 subscribers.


Carley's dinner party - 13

I stood behind the bar with my head down on my folded arms on the bar. This can not be happening to me. I thought about running out the back door when I remembered the lady cop that molested me aerlier in the ally. The only thing that could be more humiliating than this, was being arrested and taken to the police station almost naked. I was trapped. Everyone from the party just stood back and waited for me to surrender what was left of my dignity.

Mike was giving an interview promoting his bar. "Girls...Girls come over here" he yelled. Marla and Sherry went right over with their breasts bouncing up and down. "You too Carley" I heard him say. I took a deep breath and came out from behind the bar. The cheers and whistling started all over as I slinked over to the live camera crew and the host. "Wow...Look at you!" he said. As I got closer he said "Is that a bow tie on your panties?" he asked. "Harry" he instructed the camera man. "Get a close up of this. I was burning red with humiliation as the camera zoomed in on my pussy. 

The host turned to the camera and announced to his subscribers to let all their friends know they could log in tonight for free. A publicity stunt to sell more subscriptions. There I was. Practically naked and being used to sell subscriptions to this on line broadcast. The host turned to me and asked my name, why was I here dressed like this and so on. I could barely squeak out an answer when He said "Now don't be modest now. Carley"

I struggled through the interview trying not to think about who may be watching. Was there anyone I knew? Then one of the crew members yelled out "The clicker is over 328000 viewers. 328000 people were enjoying my total shame. This went on for another 30 minutes of interviewing customers, Sherry and Marla. Every time I tried to slink into the crowd, I was pulled back over for more filming of my nudity. How could I have gone from serving wine to a few people at a private party to being humiliated in front of hundreds of thousands.

It was about to get even worse. Much worse. While the camera man was doing another close up of my little bow tie, I could feel myself getting wet. Barry (the host) noticed and pointed it out to everyone. "Look, she's wet" he said. "A little excited there, Carley?" he asked, as everyone in the bar started laughing at me. I fought to hold it back but couldn't. I was having a mini orgasm in front of everyone at the bar and all those on line viewers! There is no more Public Shame that that!

Seeing I was about to cry, Phil put his coat on me led me out the back door while everyone in the bar was laughing at me. All those from the party escorted me back to Andy and Jeff's. I fought back the tears, not wanting anyone to see me crying along with my total shame. 

When we got back to the safety of the house I removed Phil's coat as if in defiance. I stood there, wet spot and all, and thanked everyone for supporting me. We spent another hour or so at Jeff and Andy's. I didn't put my clothes back on until we were about to leave. My second day being naked or almost naked, was the most humiliating, shamefull and erotic day of my life.








