CHAPTER NINE 

"You know you really don't have to leave," Cassandra remarked as she watched the ancient load his meager belongings into the wagon.

"It's either that or I..." Methos didn't finish what he was going to say. The seeress knew what was going on inside his mind. She stole a quick glance at the healing wounds on his wrists and arms.

A week had passed since that fateful day on the hill. There was a major debate among the villagers about what was to be done with the Highlander's body. Some suggested that the body be burned. Others wanted to just leave it on the hill as carrion for wolves and vultures.

Methos, however, fought fiercely for the right to his lover's remains. With Cassandra's help, he buried the Scot beside Alexa's grave.

Since then, Methos hadn't visited the grave at all. Instead, he had made several attempts on his life. At one point, he had even begged Cassandra to take his head. The seeress, however, refused.

In a way, Cassandra knew it was better that Methos leave this place. It always pained her to stumble upon the Old Man bleeding from a deep cut on his arm, only to wail in grief when that same cut healed quickly. Sometimes, she would find him seated in a dark corner of the house, staring blankly into space as he clutched the broken handfasting band close to his heart.

"Are you going to visit the graves?" she asked. "To say goodbye?"

Methos shook his head. "At least, Alexa is at peace. But Duncan? How could I live, knowing where he is? If we were together, maybe..."

Cassandra bit her lower lip. Only she knew the great sacrifice the Highlander had made.

"It would only increase his sufferings if he sees you with him. Like he told you, knowing that you are still alive, given the opportunity to rectify the mistakes you have made, make up for the sins you have committed, would give him the courage to endure the horrors of Hell. If Duncan is that determined to survive his punishment, is it that difficult for you to live?"

Methos sighed, tears welling up in his eyes once more. "I'll try."

As he got on board the wagon, Cassandra suddenly remembered something. "Methos..."

The Old Man gave her a weary glance.

"The children in the village," she began hesitantly. "They've been saying that the pond is haunted. They claim that they've seen Death's ghost, standing at the water's edge."

Methos laughed bitterly. "Children! Always letting their imaginations run away with them! How could they see 'Death's ghost' when, right at this very minute, Duncan's soul is suffering in Hell!"

"It won't hurt to look," the seeress suggested.

Flicking the reins, the ancient answered, "I'm tired of running after dreams that I could never have. Farewell, Cassandra, and thank you for your kindness."

Cassandra felt her heart stung at that remark. As she watched the blacksmith ride away, she thought, What 'kindness'? I've destroyed the lives of two good people!

Contrary to what he said, however, Methos found his curiosity piqued by the supposed haunting of the pond. Since it was only a few minutes to nightfall, the ancient decided to drop by and see for himself. He secured the horse and wagon to a pine before heading towards the pond. Reaching it, Methos saw that there was no one there. Still, he chose to stay awhile, leaning against a shelf of rock overlooking the pond.

As night fell, Methos found himself thinking more and more about the Scot. He recalled the circumstances of their first meeting and how they were handfasted through a stroke of Divine Intervention. Methos could remember how beautiful Duncan looked in his arms, while he lay in the deep slumber of First Death. If the ancient thought hard enough, he could feel the silkiness of those smooth cheeks and the softness of those lips. At that memory, Methos got to his feet, hoping that he had somehow worked some kind of spell and that he would find the Highlander by the pond. His heart sank when he saw nothing.

Taking the broken bracelet out of his pocket, he stared at it for awhile. Sobbing, he repeated bitterly, "I'm tired of running after dreams I could never have!" In anger, Methos hurled the band into the pond.

However, the blacksmith apparently didn't throw the band hard enough...or something blocked it. Whatever the reason, the bracelet flew in a wide arc, and stopped before it could reach the water. Suddenly, it just dropped vertically to the ground, right at the feet of the disheveled figure standing at the water's edge.

Methos couldn't believe what he was seeing. The man was dressed in a white shirt dirtied by mud and grime, the sleeves torn. Around his waist was a tattered kilt of faded blue. He had no boots on his feet. But scratches from walking through the brush marked his legs. Though his face was covered with dried mud, it was the face of someone Methos knew, someone he had loved.

"Duncan?" he asked in disbelief. Happily, the ancient cried, "DUNCAN!" as he ran towards the Scot.

The Highlander didn't turn to look at the man who called his name. He just stood there, staring into the water. But Methos didn't notice this, too happy as he was to see his lover again.

Embracing the Scot tightly, the ancient declared, "You're alive! Thank God! I thought I'd never see you again!" When he pulled away to gaze at his beloved more closely, it was then that Methos saw the blankness on Duncan's face, the absence of light in those beautiful doe eyes.

Methos wanted to weep. "Oh, Duncan!" he whispered. "My dear love! Has Hell broken your soul?" Wiping away his tears, Methos exclaimed, "Why should I feel sad? You're back! You're here with me now, and that's all that matters! I'll take care of you!" Getting to his feet, he said, "Wait for me, Duncan! I'll just go get some things from the wagon."

A few minutes later, the two men were seated at the edge of the pond.

Using the clean cloth he had dipped into the water, he said, "Here! Let me clean you up!" and proceeded to wash the Highlander's face, removing the dirt. When his face was clean, Methos carefully peeled off the shirt, washing the neck and shoulders.

So engrossed was he in his task that Methos didn't notice those dark brown eyes blink several times. As he descended to the firm chest, Duncan slowly gazed down at the man who was bathing him.

Methos almost jumped when the Scot grabbed his wrist.

"Duncan?" he asked curiously.

The Highlander didn't reply. Instead, he turned Methos' arm that the cuts were revealed in the moonlight. A displeased, yet sad, frown creased his brow.

"I'm sorry," Methos apologized. "I know I promised I wouldn't hurt myself."

Duncan raised Methos' hand, pressing his face to the ancient's palm, as he ran his right hand over the wounds. He was making small sounds, like a puppy easing his mother's hurts.

The smith wasn't sure if the Highlander was starting to remember. Hopefully, he queried, "Duncan? Do you know me? Do you remember who I am?"

However, the Scot continued with his tender ministrations of the Old Man's wounds, his eyes closed, tears trickling down his cheeks. At the sight of those tears, suddenly, Methos found his longing too much to bear.

Gently, Methos embraced the younger man, kissing those full lips hungrily. To his credit, Duncan didn't pull away, allowing the ancient to taste his lips and the moist cavern between them. Then, Methos caressed those cheeks, going down to the long, graceful neck. The Highlander turned his face to the side, allowing the Old Man to nuzzle at the junction between his neck and shoulder, nipping at his earlobe. As he paid lingual tribute to his lover's shoulder, Methos' hands descended, cupping the slabs of muscle of the Scot's chest. A whimper escaped Duncan's lips as he pinched the nubs of sensitive flesh. Soon, the ancient wanted to take those buttons into his mouth. Licking his way down the path between the Highlander's pectorals, Methos pulled the younger man very close to him as he buried his face on the broad chest. Duncan moaned as his nipple was consumed, teased to an exquisite point by the gentle pressure of Methos' lips and tongue. When the ancient moved to the other tit, he felt Duncan slowly ease his thighs apart, pulling his kilt up, allowing Methos access to that most delicate blossom, needing the sensual draught that only the smith could give it.

Not wanting to prolong their agony any longer, Methos peeled off his own clothes and took Duncan's erect member in his hand, just as he slid his own cock in the Highlander's moist sheath.

Duncan cried out as the ring of muscle was suddenly breached. Instinctively, he tightened his channel around the invader.

"Don't be afraid, Duncan," Methos whispered, stroking his lover's cock. "Relax! Breath, love!"

The steady pressure of the older man's grip on his member distracted the Highlander that his channel began to relax. Methos took his time penetrating his lover, thrusting his cock inch by inch by inch. But the slow pace made the Scot very impatient.

Taking Methos in his arms, Duncan pulled on the ancient's hips hard, driving Methos' cock deep inside him. Though he was surprised to find that he was fully sheathed inside his lover, Methos allowed his instincts and desires to take over. His pace quickened as he thrust into the Highlander. At the same time, the Old Man squeezed the younger man's rod.

The two men came almost simultaneously. Duncan screamed as he ejaculated in Methos' hand and all over their bellies. The ancient's orgasm was just as explosive, gushing his fluids inside the Scot's flesh.

Before the sleep of the sated overcame him, Methos' eyes fell upon the broken handfasting bracelet lying on the ground beside them. Placing it around Duncan's wrist, he then bent down and kissed his lover on the lips.

Gazing lovingly at the beautiful angel sleeping in his arms, he thought happily, If this is a dream, I wish I never wake up. Methos soon drifted off. Unknown to him, while he slept, the band on Duncan's wrist began to sparkle, casting a golden glow around the slumbering Highlander.

It was dawn when Methos woke up, resigned to the possibility that what happened the previous night was just a dream created by his lonely heart. So it was to his great surprise that he found his dear Celtic angel cuddled in his arms. He pressed his hands to his lips, stifling the joyous cry bubbling up inside him. Still, he wanted to be sure.

Slowly, Methos bent down and kissed the slumbering figure on the lips. What his mouth encountered was soft flesh. To his delight, a small smile formed on those lush lips.

Sobbing, the ancient cast his eyes to the heavens. "Thank you, Lord!" he said gratefully. "Oh, thank you so much!"

The blacksmith got to his feet and swiftly put on his clothes. He went to the wagon, laying some quilts on the floor. Going back, he then wrapped the sleeping Scot in his scarlet cloak, lifting him up in his arms.

"We'll always be together, Duncan," Methos murmured in his lover's ear. "No one's going to tear us apart ever again."

It was while he was laying the Highlander on the soft quilts that he noticed the bracelet on the Scot's wrist. Carefully, he lifted Duncan's hand up to get a closer look. Sure enough, a third of the length of the crack that had split the band has been sealed. There were no visible seams. It's as if the metal had grown over it.

Then, Duncan pulled his hand out of the ancient's grasp, pouting. With a sigh, he whispered something. Though it was so soft, Methos heard it, and he felt his heart singing.

Climbing in the driver's seat, Methos mused, The broken bond between us is healing. It's only a matter of time before I have my lover whole again.

Urging Hesperus to a leisurely pace, the ancient gazed out into the rising sun. He was very patient. He knew he could wait even if it took centuries. Hope burned fiercely inside his heart, remembering what the Highlander whispered in his sleep.

It was his name that Duncan muttered. "Methos."