Alice's Adventures in Polderland - part 5

(Alice enjoys more fun with her friends)

Alice is really buzzing from watching the live sex show and the feelings that were rushing through her body. She could feel herself being very wet and definitely needed to change.

"Do you have any clothes with you?" asked Angie.

"Oh, no, of course not," realised Alice.

"Let';s go buy some!" suggested Sarah. "We know a very trendy place that's not expensive."

Alice happily agreed. She'd not brought that many clothes with her, intending to get into the scene as soon as she could.

The girls walked out of the red-light district and caught a tram to the shopping street. Angie knew just where top get off and they quickly slipped into a very discrete boutique just off the main street.

"This shop is owned by my sister," says Angie. "His, Sis!"

The two girls embrace warmly and kiss, then Sarah does the same.

"This is Alice, our new friend!" announces Sarah.

Alice can't believe how alike the two girls are.

"Hi, Alice. I'm Cindy. Yep!" she says. "We're twins."

Cindy gives Alice a hug and kiss too, much to the new girl's amusement.

"You girls are so friendly," she says, embarrassed.

"Sorry, but it's how we greet our friends," admits Cindy. "Now, why have you come here?"

"Alice needs some new clothes!" Angie says, grinning. "From the bottom up - literally!"

"Oh, I see. Did they take you to their favorite Saturday morning show?"

Alice nods.

"It's OK< Alice. We all get like that too. I bet these two would love to go off somewhere and play, wouldn't you, girls?"

Angie nods eagerly and takes Sarah by the hand. The two girls slip out of the the back of the shop into another room, giggling together.

"They often do that here. Don't worry about them," says Cindy happily. "I'm straight, not like them!" she admits. "Better to let them play rather than they try it on you."

"Thanks," agrees Alice. "I appreciate that!"

"Now - the whole works?" asks Cindy, grinning.

"I do need some new outfits. Do you sell everything?"

"From the skimpiest thong to the largest bra - and all the things to go on top," grins Cindy.

The two of them soon have Alice choosing bras and panties, tops, dresses, skirts and pants, some tights, stockings and socks, all of the most trendy styles, according to Cindy. Alice finally puts on a matching black underwear set and a little black dress, feeling very alive and sexy. It's taken over an hour.

"You look gorgeous," purred Cindy. "Now I wish I wasn't straight!"

The girls laugh together as Alice pays for the clothes.

"Do you wear make-up?" asks Cindy.

"No! I don't like it!" admits Alice.

She notices for the first time that Cindy had very discrete make-up, just accentuating her pretty features. That's what made her look different to Angie, Alice decides.

After a short while, Angie and Sarah come back into the shop, looking very pleased with themselves.

"Better now?" asks Cindy. 

The two look at each other and giggle.

"You know!" says Angie, kissing her lover, then her sister.

Then they both notice Alice standing behind Cindy in her new black dress. They gasp in admiration.

"Beautiful!" cries Angie.

"Awesome!" agrees Sarah. 

They go up to Alice and both kiss her avidly.

"What about me?" asks Cindy with a grin.

She ia then submerged under kisses from her sister and friend, with a great deal of giggling.

"Shall we go for lunch?" suggests Angie.

"Why not? It's 3 o'clock!" grins Cindy. "I'll just shut up shop. Alice has made my takings for the day!"

The girls all laugh and step onto the street as Cindy locks up her shop.

"I'll just put this into the wall safe," she suggests as they walk past a bank.

The girls go into a small cafe on Leidseplein, the centre of Amsterdam's nightlife.

"Isn't it great here?" Sarah asks Alice.

"Wow!" agrees Alice. "So many guys!"

"They're probably all available. Choose one and we'll get him to join us!" giggles Cindy.

Soon, however, the girls are surrounded by a gaggle of girls. Some interesting looking guys stanod on the periphery, looking on as their girlfriends, wives, lovers chat to the sisters and Sarah, who are clearly some type of celebrity in the city.

Alice smiles at the best looking one, and he smiles back, a naughty twinkle in his eye. Alice tries to join in with the conversation, but it is mainly in Dutch. She catches a few words, but not enough.

Another one of the guys moves beside her. He's as good-looking as the first one she'd noticed, but he speaks to her in English.

Alice soon tells him her life story with all of the other guys gathering around to listen.

"We're having a party tonight," one says. "Why don't you come?"

"All the others will be there," says the good-looking one.

"OK! I'll come!" agrees Alice, grinning.

He quickly scribbles on the back of a business card and hands it to Alice.

"It's the address. 11 o'clock. OK?" he asks, smiling very sexily.

Alice looks at the card. He's a lawyer and his name is Tristan! On the back he'd written 'Like to fuck?' Alice looks astonished, but she quickly nods at him. She's got too desperate to resist.

It's a first for Alice - to be asked to have sex before even a date. But this is Amsterdam! And she agrees already, without asking any of her new friends what they think.

Alice stands up from the table at which they'd been enjoying their drinks.

"I need the toilet!" she announces, looking around.

Angie points to the right and Alice sees the sign. She walks as quickly as she can through the throng of people in the small bar. She gets to the door of the ladies room, and is confronted by Tristan.

"Let's go in!" he says, simply.

He pushes Alice gently in the back until she goes through the ladies' room door. There's one other girl just adjusting her make-up, but she leaves quickly.

Tristan's hands are immediately on Alice, pulling her to him. She can feel his large erect cock inside his clothes pressing up against her. She trembles with anticipation. She's never done this before, but her body is crying out for it. Suddenly her pussy gushes and she almost orgasms.

Tristan's lips come onto hers urgently and he begins to pull up her little dress.

No, no," Alice says, half-heartedly struggling.

"You want it!" he purrs. I can see it in your eyes!"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm." moans Alice as he begins to kiss her expertly and deeply.

She meltsd into his arms as he finds her little panties and begins to pull them down from her butt.

Alice finds that her hands are unwittingly reaching for the large bugle in his trousers and she soon unzips him. His cock comes out easily into her hands as he doesn't appear to be wearing any underwear. Alice giggles as she fastens her hands around his hard throbbing shaft.

"It's OK. No-one will come in now!" Tristan assures her.

He is big and strong. As he makes sure her panties have dropped to the floor, he lifts Alice up easily. She spread open her legs around his strong thighs and sighs with delight as she feels his hard cock against her aching pussy. With a gasp, she feels him lower her onto his cock, which sinks into her soaking wet pussy very quickly. His cock is big and long, and it's pulsating.

"You are tight!" he grimaces.

Alice feels that he's about to explode inside her so she reaches down and grabs the base of his cock firmly. She squeezes until he relaxes.

"There!" she gasps with excitement. "You can last a bit!"

Tristan is biting his lip with pleasure and soon starts to lift Alice up and down on his hard cock. At last, Alice can feel a nice hard cock inside her desperate pussy and she knows she's going to cum - noisily and very soon.

"So tight, Baby!" Tristan cries as his cock goes into the final throes before orgasm.

Alice squeals as she feels his cum spurt into her and then screams as her own orgasm hits - hard and fast. She's still crying and cumming when she sees the ladies' room door open and Angie's face appear, grinning.

Tristan hears Angie come in and gently lowers Alice to the floor, his softened cock slipping out of her well-filled pussy.

"Thanks," he says as he buttons up and leaves the girls together.

"Sarah and I had guessed where you'd gone. He's good for a quickie, isn't he?" she asks with a big grin.

"I'm so sorry," apologises Alice, "But I needed it so bad!"

"Don't apologise. None of us have ever done that before!!"

Angie giggles, throws her arms around and Alice and kisses her, this time fully on the lips. Alice knows that Angie has done it like that before, probably with Tristan too, but certainly with other guys.

"You're now truly one of us!" announces Angie. "Like to go to the party tonight?"

"Sure. Why not?" asks Alice. "No condom!"

She suddenly realises that her desperation for a quickie, she'd forgotten to make Tristan wear a condom.

"Morning-after pill!" says Angie. "And it's a special party. One of the guys has bought a Sybian."

She leads Alice back to the table.

"What's that?" asks Alice, now interested.

"If you don't know, you'll have to come along and find out!" giggled Angie, sitting down amongst her friends again.

She then hands Alice a small package which Alice realises is the morning-after pill. She takes it quickly with her mineral water, smiling her thanks at Angie, as she feels his cum oozing out of her deliciously tingling pussy and soaking into her new dress. Damn! she remembers, she's forgotten to pick up her panties and put them back on.

All the guys and girls look at Alice and she blushes. Then they all burst into giggles.

"Angie said you were desperate," says the girlfriend of Tristan. "I agreed to lend him out. What do you think?"

"Thanks," admits Alice. "He was very satisfying!"

Everyone laughs, except Tristan who looks a little bit hurt. Alice grins at him as if inviting him to try it again sometime. She fondles his card between her fingers before returning it to her bag.

As the group begin to leave the four girls, Tristan sidles up beside Alice, handing her a ball of material. She immediately smells her own horny aroma and blushes.

"I wanted to keep them, but maybe I'll get another chance?" he murmurs in her ear.

Alice accepts her panties back again and smiles warmly at him.

"Really? Thanks!" she purrs.

She watches with a tingle in her pussy as he leaves with his girlfriend.


(continued in part 6)

[comments and suggestions to rockyhard4uc@gmail.com)



