Raider and the Lost Lamp
by Mythical Traveller

CHAPTER I


For the first time in over a thousand years, light crept around the corner and down the 
ancient staircase. Panning her torch slowly around the wide hallway, eminent 
archaeologist and Tomb Raiding person, Clara Roft cautiously advanced. After briefly 
eyeballing the steps, she began descending them, heading towards a cobweb-covered 
wall at their base. As she came to the wall, she continued to direct her torchlight on it, 
while gently brushing the cobwebs away with her free hand, her parched but still-
luscious lips slightly parted in an expression of the awe for what she beheld. 

"Magnificent!" she whispered to herself, as she admired the ornate carvings of 
elephants and camels, hauling stone blocks and carrying wooden logs. It appeared to 
be a depiction of the complex's construction. Clara shone her torch down the hallway. 
The passage appeared to continue for another hundred feet, before making a forty-five 
degree turn. Similarly engraved designs appeared to decorate both walls up to that 
point. Clara took two steps back, and took a photo of the wall with her heavy-duty 
digital camera. Being born into a wealthy British family ensured that Clara was never 
in want of the best equipment on her expeditions. As she removed her torch from the 
storage pocket on her belt and replaced it with her camera, Clara turned to face down 
the hall again. "Can't stand here all day admiring the work of the 9th century Persian 
engraver," she thought to herself.

Her real prize lay in wait further ahead, assuming her research was accurate. After 
cautiously making her way to the turn she discovered that this next section of the 
passage proceeded perhaps fifteen feet before opening up into a huge circular 
chamber. As Clara advanced, she was surprised to discover that the chamber was 
quite well lit, due to a small opening in one wall that allowed the light to pour in. 
Basking in the sunlight, in the very center of the chamber, was an ordinary-looking 
stone pedestal, perhaps four feet in height. Clara let out a gasp of utter disbelief. On 
top of the pedestal was...

Clara's attention was immediately drawn away by the sensation of the tile under her 
left foot sinking slightly under her weight. "Oh Blast!" she cursed as she quickly went 
into a forward roll, looking back just in time to see two massive wooden battering 
rams, suspended from the ceiling, collide at the point where she had been standing a 
split second ago. The ground shook and dust fell from the ceiling as the sound of the 
rams pounding together reverberated around the chamber. Clara looked on at the 
motionless boobytrap for a second, half catching her breath, half chastising herself for 
being so careless, before she began to hear the sounds of machinery going to work 
within the walls. A second later and the rams began to slowly swing back up towards 
the roof. "Resetting themselves for their next victim," Clara thought. "Or me, if I don't 
watch my step on the way out."

Clara stood back up, and turned back towards the pedestal. Being extra careful where 
she stepped, she approached the pedestal, and the treasure on top of it. She could 
scarcely believe what she was looking at. It was no more than three months ago that 
an archaeological team that she was with had stumbled upon the tomb of an ancient 
Persian noble and his princess bride. To the amazement of all present, writings in the 
tomb identified it as belonging to an Hal'hadin, or Alladin. Clara's colleagues scoffed 
at her when the discovery prompted her to suggest that perhaps there might be some 
truth to the ancient myth about a poor boy who was able to win a beloved princess, 
with the help of a genie. She began to do more research on the subject, which 
ultimately lead her here. Although, even Clara thought that it was unlikely that the 
myth held much truth.

But now... could it really have been true? Could she really be looking at the fabled 
Alladin's lamp? As Clara reached the pedestal, she carefully scrutinised it. Her 
expertise told her that the pedestal was too mundane to contain any elaborate 
boobytraps. It should be safe to pick up the lamp. Treating it with every care that an 
artefact of its age deserved, Clara lifted the brass lamp from its resting place. The 
lamp looked just like any other oil lamp of the time, rather like an elongated tea-pot, 
with a removable lid, a handle, and a spout opposite. She noticed that on one side the 
lamp was indented with a shape that looked somewhat like an isosceles triangle, 
pointing down, with circles on it's two identical sides.

Clara could not resist the temptation. She very gently began to rub the side of the 
lamp. Clara thought she must've been seeing things when the lamp's color seemed to 
lighten. She moved out of the sunlight, back into the shadows, and sure enough, the 
lamp was glowing dimly. Clara also became aware of a faint high-pitched whistle that 
seemed to be coming from the lamp, getting louder and louder. All of a sudden there 
was a blinding flash. Clara couldn't see a thing! She was certain she must've dropped 
the lamp, although strangely, she never heard it hit the ground. It was a few seconds 
before Clara's vision returned to her. Even then it was quite blurred, but it was clear 
enough for her to realise that she was no longer in the lamp chamber. Not being able 
to see the ground well enough to ascertain its safety, she stood perfectly still until her 
eyesight was back to normal. When her vision did recover completely, what she saw 
utterly mystified her.

She was still in a chamber, equally as big as the one she was just in, but nowhere near 
as empty. The room was once again circular, with a domed roof. In the center of the 
chamber was a large wooden table, ancient Mesopotamian by design, but it looked 
brand new. On the opposite side, there was a matching chair, and in front of it a single 
place set for dinner. Off towards the wall in one direction was a beautiful circular bed, 
with transparent pink veils flowing down from the canopy above the very soft looking 
mattress, upon which rested several silky-looking cushions. Beside it on either side 
were two small wooden tables, and off to one side, a full-length mirror. Built into the 
wall, at equal distances were four ornate fountains. Three wooden bookshelves, two 
stocking papyrus scrolls, one half-stocked with books, all of which showed no signs 
of age, stood against the wall, almost directly opposite the bed. Beside them stood 
another table and chair, with an open book and ancient writing brushes and ink jars. 
Several more scrolls were scattered haphazardly on the floor around it.

Incredibly, Clara noticed, the room was completely well lit, despite there being no 
discernible source of light. Even more incredibly, though, was that she could not seem 
to find the way she got in, or for that matter, how she was going to get out. "Best not 
to panic," she thought. "I've been in much tighter scrapes than this."

Clara looked up, and noticed that the majority of the domed ceiling was taken up with 
an exquisite mural, of what looked like a slave girl bowing before a throned queen. 
"Quite lovely, but no way out there," Clara thought. As she ran her focus along the 
floor she noticed it consisted entirely of a pattern made up of large ebony squares, 
separated by what looked to be strips of cedar, lacquered to a glossy finish, 
throughout. It was then that she noticed that her possessions, her torch, her 
wristwatch, her camera, her backpack and her two pistols were all lying on the ground 
around her... Her Feet! Those sure as hell weren't her climbing boots on her feet! 
They looked more like slippers. And her tatty shorts had been replaced with...  were 
those pink silk pants? Frantically Clara ran towards the mirror. "You must be joking," 
Clara said aloud, with an obvious lack of amusement.

She was dressed, head-to-toe in a traditional harem costume. A long transparent pink 
veil trailed over her hair, which was now bound in a waterfall-ponytail with a solid 
gold clasp on top of her head. A similar veil flowed behind her back and over her 
smooth creamy shoulders. Each of her wrists now had 3 gold bangles on them. A 
silky pink top covered her upper torso. Supported from inch-wide straps, it was tight 
enough to properly accentuate Clara's already attractive bust, without being 
uncomfortable. It was low-cut enough to display just the right amount of cleavage. 
Below her bare midriff were the silken pants, which Clara had hoped were just a 
hallucination, hanging loosely around her legs. 

Clara stood dumbfounded in front of the mirror for a few seconds, a look of utter 
dread upon her face. When the shock had subsided enough for something resembling 
rational thought to form within her mind, Clara decided that she needed to get out of 
this place, now! Before anything even more bizarre happened to her. She returned to 
the spot where her possessions were scattered. Throwing everything loose into her 
backpack, she got up and began circling the room. The walls were entirely made of 
shiny orange quartz, except for a dull grey sandstone section over on the other side of 
the room, that looked like it had writing on it. "It must be the exit... Or at least a clue 
to exiting," thought Clara, as she ran towards it. 

The script was a dialect of ancient Mesopotamian from millennia before the birth of 
Christ. Historically and geographically miles away from the time and place of the 
Alladin myth. "It doesn't matter," Clara thought to herself. "It's still a language I'm 
fluent in, and that's good enough for me."

"Beauty and birthright you may have been given, but this door opens for neither," 
Clara read aloud. "I shall not bow to you before you bow to me. For common blood 
you would serve times three, but for me your service shall be unending."

Clara noticed that in the middle of the wall section a shape was carved that was 
identical to the indentation in the lamp. "This door..." she repeated, "This door..." This 
had to be the way out. Clara pushed two fingers into the engraved shape, no luck. She 
tried pushing against the entire sandstone section, with two hands at first, then with 
her entire body, putting her full weight into it. Desperation was starting to overtake 
logic as the dominant force in her mind, and she walked away from the wall, only to 
turn around and shoulder barge it. She dislocated her shoulder and banged her head 
against the wall on impact, which, of course, did not budge an inch. Clara slowly slid 
down against the wall, until she was sitting on the ground with a sore shoulder and a 
massive headache. "Clara, you stupid git, DO NOT try that again!" she said to herself 
aloud. It was only a few seconds before the pain in her head miraculously faded into 
obscurity. The pain in her shoulder also subsided, giving way to a strange tingling 
sensation. Then something really miraculous happened. Without any effort on her 
part, her upper arm moved and popped itself back in her shoulder socket. The tingling 
disappeared, and Clara waved her arm around, as if to make sure that she still had 
control over it.

Clara now realised that despite the disturbing nature of the situation, she was going to 
need to be patient and think this one through. As her gaze wandered aimlessly around 
the chamber, she noticed, once again, the books and scrolls on the shelves. Perhaps 
the key to getting out lay in one of them.
