Lift to peak.
Revengedpirate 

I was on holiday near Switzerland in the french alps. Me my family and my cousins were on a skiing holiday. Me and my cousin Fred were really good skiers we were both 15 a little short for our age, but had been skiing since we were 4 years old. We had lessons when we were younger and now we were nearly experts trying new tricks and skills.

Anyway we were both coming down the longest slope at the resort. The ski lift took 15 minutes to reach the top, but only took less then 5 to ski down. It was a tricky course but we loved it. We liked challenging ourselves.

On coming down the slope I accidentally cut up two older teen girls. They huffed at me. The four of us reached the bottom ready to get back on the lift. The lift would only fit 3 at a time. So being the young gentleman we were we let the two teen girls on before us.

“Well I should think so after you cut us up.” Said the blonde haired girl.

She turned her back on us.

“These slopes are full of rude little boys. Think they own the slope because they ski better then everyone else.” Said her brunette friend who was stood in front of me.

I went red at being called a little boy. I was 15 and definitely wasn’t little at 5 foot 8 inches. The lift wasn’t down yet, so I decided to pants her. I moved close behind the brunette and yanked on her salopettes. (Ski trousers with straps.)

I expected her straps to stop them coming down, but to my extreme surprise, and hers, the brunettes salopettes came straight down to her ankles followed by her panties.

She screamed, at the same moment the chair lift hit the three of us. I was shocked as I was hoisted into the air. The brunette had quickly bent over to pull her bottoms back up, but instead she ended upside on my lap. Her bare arse in my face, her legs above my head, and her hairy red pussy touching my dick. Only my trousers and boxers were between them.

The lift quickly rose to twenty feet in the air, I found myself struggling to hold onto the brunette and keep myself seated at the same time. Her blonde friend was hanging onto the seat with all her might, because of me and her friend the bar wouldn’t come down properly.

The blonde girl let go with one hand and tried to help her upside down friend. The brunette was so scared she clung onto my legs tightly. To stop the brunette from falling twenty feet to the ground I managed to hook her trousers and panties behind my head. Which kept her stable enough to try and lift her.

I held onto the seat with my right hand before lowering my left. I caught her right hand and started to lift her towards the seat. The lift was now moving along the first town as people looked up. Most looked shocked at our predicament. Others laughed at the bottomless girl just hanging there.

All of a sudden over the first town centre the lift jerked to a stop. I lost my grip on her hand which slipped down to above the girls head, but the jolt must of knocked the girls top because her coat T-Shirt and bra fell completely to the floor. The girl shrieked and covered her breasts.

Both of her small breasts were in full view of the town below. Me and the blonde heard the cheers. The jolt had also forced her panties and trousers over the top of her ski boots lodging them in place. As we hung there I composed myself enough to try and grab the girls hand again.

At first she refused trying to cover herself.

“Stop it, my breasts are out, I won’t be able to cover them.” Cried the girl in embarrassment.

“Look would you rather be a dead naked girl or an alive one? If you don’t give me your hands you’ll drop twenty feet.” I said matter of factly.

“Come on Emily, give us your hands and we’ll try lifting you, we’ll be as quick as we can.” Said the blonde to her friend.

“But all those people will see me, Claire.” Said Emily.

“Shut your eyes pretend your on an extremely hot beach in your bikini. Now on three give us your hands. One. Two. Three.” Said Claire.

In the same moment, Emily let go of her breasts and threw her hands upward. The 50/60 people below cheered, and some even had cameras out ready. The flashes went off as soon as Emily’s hands were gone. Me and Claire grabbed Emily’s hands and pulled her upwards. Just as the lift started ascending the mountain again.

Me and Claire now had Emily across our laps. Her ski boots knickers and panties dangling off the end. The bar suddenly came loose and folded down holding Emily across our laps. Claire giggled.

“Nice bum little girl. It looks like it could do with being warmed up.” Said Claire.

“What do you OW OW OW OW OW.” Said Emily.

Claire had started spanking her. Emily could hear laughter from the other chairs in front and behind her. She also saw the odd person on the ground, who would look up at her and laugh.

Emily started to cry from the humiliation. She flailed and kicked her legs about, trying to stop the humiliation, but all that happened was her boots got kicked off along with her panties and trousers. Now wearing just her long socks, she had to endure a further 7 minutes of spankings.

As the lift came across a second town centre, Claire asked me to join in spanking the teen girl. The lift somehow got stuck a second time. I started spanking the humiliated girl. Who was now crying hysterically, and punching and kicking, the air. There must of been at least 100 people below us an we didn’t show mercy to Emily.

After a few minutes the lift started again. And we neared the top of the slope.

“James when we reach the top, would you mind carrying little Emily? She only has her socks on and we don’t want her to get them wet. Do we?” Said Claire.

“That’s no problem. But where am I carrying her too?” I asked.

“Well our clothes are in our hotel. It’s called the Lady Godiva. Could you carry her back there?” Asked Claire.

“That’s nearly at the bottom of the slope. But yes I can do that.” I said.

So when we arrived at the top I flipped Emily onto her back. Her full frontal on display as we got off the lift. Claire made sure her arms were stuck behind her back as we glided slowly down the long slope.

Claire let people take pictures and films as all Emily could do was scream shout and cry as her humiliation was extremely obvious to everyone.
