Linda was twenty when she married. She was five foot one size eight and was often mistaken for a school girl. She was still being asked to prove her age in bars and even after being married for six months she was refused entry several times.

Then she met Cas. Cas was big black and mean, he was also the bouncer at a club Linda was always turned away from. It was Cas who finally let her in during a girls night out but he had an ulterior motive. She was so perfect for his scheme; legal, white and most specifically married, yet she looked so young he could pass her as sixteen easily.

He waited until they were about to go home several hours later before he slipped the drug in her drink then he waited for her to go to the ladies pulling her aside when she came out. No one even noticed as she was bundled through the door that led to the stairway to the office above.

She wasn't totally out of it but by the time he'd locked the door and climbed the stairs to the empty office the drugs were working and she put up no resistance at all.

He liked this concoction; true it was dangerous and he heard stories that at least half a dozen women had died across the country from its use but usually the woman would become his eager slut for the next few hours.

Her body was already twitching as he rubbed her damp crotch then once his fingers traced the line of her pussy lips she dissolved into his arms. She was really tight but he managed to squeeze his monster cock inside the little woman and then he went at her as hard as he could. He felt a pop as she screamed and he realised that he'd actually pushed past her cervix and the end of his potent weapon was now in her womb.

With the aid of the drugs she soon overcame the pain and discomfort so they went at it for another twenty minutes before he finally let fly, his thick seed coating her married, unprotected womb. She was still so hot for sex that when he pulled her knickers back up she begged for more. He left with her via a back entrance and after making sure his colleagues knew where to find them he drove her to house a few blocks away: Currently unoccupied and therefore ideal for wife-fucking.

He had to help her inside she was now really out of it but still gyrating about willing for more and once inside he took her up to the front bedroom on the second floor where a mattress was waiting.

Linda was taken again this time on all fours then by the time he'd left a second deposit he'd been joined by his three work colleagues, that's when he left her. Laura received three more hours of fucking and all the guys pumped their loads deep inside her willing and still unsatisfied hole before they slipped out and  dumped her in the nearby Denham Park where they left her in her short dress and heels; her knickers, bra and pantyhose were long gone.

Not surprisingly she was discovered a short time later still sprawled on a bench by a large local gang who went to rob and rape her only to find she was both willing and already well used. After a discussion they took her to a disused warehouse where she was repeatedly taken for another two or more hours before they finally left her.

She was still high and despite her body having been abused for hours she still felt horny. She walked to taxi stop stopping to clean her gaping hole with her fingers then managed to get a lift home by letting the driver use her mouth and paying him double once she'd got back. She didn't care at all about this in fact she got off on it. Her husband was asleep as she stripped and fell in besides him falling asleep immediately.

The following day she came around with cum caked over her snatch and dried on her thighs. She couldn't remember anything at all so assumed her husband had taken her very roughly the night before. She actually hurt so she decided he'd been really aggressive because she must have been very drunk so to punish him she decided to cut him off for the next week or two. He of course was perplexed by her attitude that morning having done nothing wrong and because she was keeping her distance he didn't even spot the bites on her neck and breasts that morning.

A week later Cas repeated the episode aware that the dangerous drug was likely to have a permanent effect on the woman if taken a second time so close to the first but he simply didn't care; if some stupid little white woman became hopelessly promiscuous that was her lookout.

True to form she was unable to stop herself getting horny and even after he'd taken her twice in the office for well over two hours and with a grin he let her leave knowing that she would want it from anyone she could.

The taxi drive she went home with was next and her husband got her after that only he was aware that she was both drugged and had another man's cum dripping from her. However she was on top when he discovered this and he found it impossible to get her to stop she was so frantic.

Finally after he'd managed to push his wife onto her back he tried to find out what happened but all she knew was that her body was in heat and she `needed cock'. He contemplated going to the hospital but she was acting so slutty that he feared it would cause more problems than solve them. Thankfully after letting her play with herself for a while she drifted off to sleep and he preyed she would recover sufficiently the following day to get some answers before he went to find the culprit and beat the crap out of him.

Linda woke at seven feeling more turned on than ever in her entire life. She was alert (couldn't remember the previous night but that wasn't anything new) and very horny so she jumped her sleeping husband. He woke again with her riding him but this time was unable to stop her using him because he was just too excited himself and they had a quick mutual climax.

After calming a little Linda thought through what she'd seen around the club the past few weeks and finally an idea who might have been responsible for the drugs. She was embarrassed that it was probably the large black doorman and knew that her husband would get seriously hurt if he tackled him. Also (she tried to deny it to herself at first but knew it to be true) the thought that she'd had sex with the big security man turned her on more than a little.

She realised she had to sort this out herself so left while her husband was still in the shower expecting to take her to the hospital and maybe the club itself. She left a note telling him she was going for a drive to reflect on what had happened. She only found the cleaners at the club that morning but obtained the names one of the bouncers. The first was a short fat guy who after some persuading and veiled threats passed her the home address of Cas.

He was delighted to see the woman despite her shouting and fists as the hit him when he opened the door because she dissolved in his arms when he drew her in and kissed her. After that she swore at him for ages but gave no resistance when he carried her to his bed then had sex with her. She was there most of the morning enjoying the pleasure she received far more than any she'd had before (that she could remember) although she couldn't quite understand just how she'd become so happy to let herself be used so freely by this brute of a black man.

Cas guessed she would likely need sex much more often and the drugs had damaged her so she had very little control over her desires so arranged for her to meet the club owner. The man was a seedy character who had a string of clubs and brothels so happily added her to his list of white whores. She knew it was wrong but just the thought of being promiscuous got her excited and she agreed to work for the guy. She went home and explained that she knew the drug had been given to her before the club then lied about what she did that day so that in the end her husband let it go. He was unhappy but still trusted her judgement in this matter.

She quit her job in secret pretending she'd been made redundant then told her husband she'd be able to do some occasional work for a photography shop as a admin assistant but really the place was where they did a lot of pornographic work the shop being just a cover. She worked mainly from home a call-girl given times and address via her mobile. She loved the work even if the clients were old or perverted. She was so sexual that any act turned her on quickly.

It was fourteen months into her employment when she discovered she was pregnant; she had often been required to perform unprotected sex with more favoured clients, mostly black so she was very fearful of the colour. Despite that she worked for three more months until she was showing and then had to sit at home waiting for her child to arrive. The child was white so her husband thought it his but the colour was just luck! Even after this she was still feeling highly sexual so her husband benefitted for many years although a few others did as well when she felt she could get away with it. 

