The European Bikini
by OneWifetoLive

Teacher loses her conservative swimwear and has to improvise.

The European Bikini Pt. 01

Being a French professor at a small university didn't have a ton of perks. But, every year I got an all-expenses paid trip to Europe with one catch...I had to chaperone a group of about thirty students.

It's not as bad as it sounds. At their age, they were all adults and could pretty much take care of themselves.

This past year, when we arrived at the first hotel, everyone was beat from flight, but still wanted to enjoy the hotel amenities.

It was a gorgeous evening, a little before dusk, and all of the students were talking about changing and hitting the pool. I agreed to join them.

However, when I got to my room, I realized I'd made a pretty major mistake. The conservative, one-piece bathing suit that I had deemed suitable for students was nowhere to be found.

I made my way down to the gift shop to see if they had any bathing suits. The good news was that they had a few.

The bad news was...they were very...European.

Little string tops...smaller string thongs...

I grabbed the only thing in my size, a tiny red number, purchased it and scooted back up to my room.

When I get back to the safety of my bathroom, I tried it on.

And it's tiny. Teeny...tiny.

I mean, don't get me wrong. I looked good. I'm still young enough that everything is where it's supposed to be. But there was no way I could wear this in front of my students.

The top showed off a lot of cleavage and the bottom...the bottom was just a collection of strings.

Finally, I convinced myself that if I wrap a towel around my waist, that I can probably get through the evening without too many problems. A string bikini top isn't too scandalous. I'll just find a lounge chair and have a glass of wine.

With the towel firmly in place, I stepped out into the hallway and came face-to-face with Kyle, a gorgeous senior.

Of course, he doesn't miss a beat. He glances down at my cleavage, smirks and says, "Tres bien, Mademoiselle."

I promptly turn 40 shades of red and dart back into my room. I slinked back against the door, half dying of embarrassment, half kind of liking the attention.

Then I hear a soft knock on the door. Followed by Kyle's voice saying, "Mademoiselle, are you alright?"

I cracked the door and told him I was fine, but I could tell he felt really bad.

"Hey, I'm really sorry," he said.

I laughed to myself, knowing how silly the situation really was and waved him in.

"No, Kyle. I'm the one who should be sorry," I responded. "But, while I have you here, can I get an honest opinion?"

He replied, "Yeah, sure."

Then I told him the whole stupid story about forgetting my swimwear and buying the thong. Finally, I asked for his thoughts on if it was appropriate or not.

Kyle got very serious. "Well, Mademoiselle Durand, I like to think that you're not just a teacher of language, but a teacher of culture. While we're here we should be embracing the norms of the society we're studying."

The more he talked, the more it made sense.

And finally, he gave me a sly smile and said, "So, let's see."

I smiled and swatted at him. But he didn't flinch. He was so suave and confident.

It was a real turn on.

I don't know what came over me, but I found myself loosening the knot on my towel.

"OK," I said. "But only because it's important to me to further your education."

And with that, I dropped the towel to the floor and did a slow 360.

Kyle stood there speechless with the biggest smile on his face.

He bit his tongue, then said, "Tres bien."

"Merci," I responded.

"You know..." he continued. "Technically they do go topless here."

I laughed and said, "Sorry, buddy. You're not getting that much of an education."

And with that I shooed him out of my room.

I took a minute to compose myself, and seriously, I really needed to compose myself. I could've gotten in serious trouble. But, I had to admit, I did enjoy the looks I was getting.

With my towel firmly back around my waist, I made my way down to the pool. I found myself an out-of-the-way lounge chair and relaxed with a few glasses of wine.

After a while, the place kind of cleared out. I was getting a little cold, so I decided to spend some time in the hottub.

I sat back and enjoyed the solitude until it was interrupted by Kyle and two of his friends, Eric and Kurt.

They were perfectly polite, they asked if it was alright if they joined me. I assured them that it was.

We sat and talked for a while, I caught them occasionally stealing glances at my cleavage. So, I made sure to stick them out a little.

After a while, Kyle made a crack about me "continuing their education."

I smiled and said, "I'd need more drinks for that."

And then as if on cue, the waiter came by and asked if we needed anything. Kyle and I burst out laughing.

"The lady will have another glass of wine, please," Kyle said.

I swatted at him and we started laughing again. Kurt and Eric were totally lost.

"What's so funny?" Eric asked.

Kyle just looked at me and said, "You're free to tell them."

I crinkled my nose...then said, "Um...my bathing suit is very...European."

"Meaning?" Kurt continued.

Kyle piped up. "It means our dainty French teacher, in the name of teaching us the ways of this foreign land, is wearing a tiny thong."

And with that the mood definitely changed. It's like the wind was knocked out of both of them.

They both wanted to see it, but I resisted. Finally, one of them made the point that they were going to see it when I got out of the hottub.

They had a point.

"OK...but this does not leave this hottub ever. Swear?"

They didn't need to be convinced, they agreed immediately.

So, I slowly stood up and turned around, giving them all a good look at my ass. All three jaws hit the floor.

Then I took my time slinking back into the water. "See?" I asked. "Very European."

Kyle smiled and said, "I told her that European bikinis tend to be topless."

Eric and Kurt really like that. I just gave them all a bit of side eye.

And then as if on cue, the waiter comes back with my glass of wine. Everybody had a good laugh at that one.

As I took a sip from my drink, Kyle pointed out that I had now, in fact, had more wine.

The tension was so thick, I was loving it.

I inched up out of the water, giving them all a good look at my chest. Then I said, "Well...far be it from me to ever be accused of limiting your education."

I looked around nervously...then I reached behind my back. They were losing it.

My heart was racing.

But, I didn't. I pulled my hands around to the front and gave them all the middle finger.

They were so disappointed. Heartbroken.

I laughed...and then realized I was a little disappointed too.

They gave me shit for teasing them, and I was eating up all the attention.

We continued talking for a bit while I finished my wine. They kept trying to steal glances at my chest when they thought I wasn't looking. The mood had definitely changed.

Finally, I put my glass down and told them I was going to call it a night. They agreed that they were ready to turn in too.

As I got out of the hottub, I knew all eyes would be on my ass. So, I took my time...slowly using my towel to dry each leg. I was in heaven. Then I wrapped my towel around my waist and we headed off.

As we walked down the hallway, they were giving me so much grief. About how I had stunted their education.

I laughed...but I kinda felt bad. Not only that, but the thought of it was really turning me on. Flashing my bare tits to this trio of handsome guys...mmm...it was making me shiver.

When we got to my room, I stood there for a few seconds...it felt like minutes. They stood there watching.

I held my key card to the censor, and when the beep went off I opened the door...and ushered them in.

They were freaking out, I was shaking like a leaf.

I closed the door behind me and took a deep breath. Finally I said, "Alright, whatever happens here, stay here. Got it?"

All three of them nodded their heads.

"I'm not messing around, I could seriously lose my job."

This made them nod their heads furiously.

I tossed the towel aside, then said, "OK then, this is what a European bikini looks like."

And with that, I reached behind my back and grasped the knot and slowly pulled it.

The top came loose, but I held it to my chest. They stood there with their mouths agape. Not believing what was going on.

I looked at each of them while squeezing my tits...then I pulled the top over my head and threw it to the floor.

I stood there, short of breath, my bare breasts exposed, my hands on my hips. All I could get out was, "Goodnight, boys."

They took that as their cue and silently, stunned, filed out of the room. Kyle hung back a second longer to get one good last long look. He smirked, then closed the door.

I collapsed on my bed in a heap. I was so fucking turned on.

I masturbated furiously until I came...it wasn't until I had a chance to calm down that I realized what a career killing mistake I may have just made.

As the trip would go on, I realized that the secret was safe, but the secret would get a lot dirtier...


The European Bikini Pt. 02

Our teacher gets a new suit but longs for the previous fun.

The next morning when I woke up, I was scared to death. Even the hint of a rumor that I was inappropriate with one of my college students would probably mean the end of my career.

When I got dressed and went down to breakfast, I didn't notice anything different. No knowing looks, no whispers...nothing.

I asked one of my co-chaperones if anything out of the ordinary had happened. She assured me that it was a pretty quiet evening.

Later on, I was even able to chat with Kyle. He put my mind to rest, telling me that they had had an unforgettable evening and that they would take our secret to the grave.

I laughed and assured him that he'd get to that grave a lot quicker if he told anyone.

So...we were cool. Everything was cool.

The rest of the trip was a lot of fun. I found a conservative one-piece bathing suit in town and everything went back to normal. Except...

Except whenever I'd see one of the guys.

I'd think about that night...think if things had gone further.

If I really decided to further their education.

Mmm...I'd get so horny...

The last night of the trip, I was leaving the pool and heading to my room when I noticed that my three friends were lounging in the hot tub.

I got all tingly seeing the scene of the crime.

As I walked down the hall, a dirty thought entered my mind...what if I gave them an encore?

I zipped to my room and retrieved my tiny red thong bikini.

I stripped out of my one-piece and put the European suit on.

As I stood there, checking out my tight, scantily clad body in the mirror...my brain was telling me to call it a night.

But, the heavy pounding of my heart was telling me something else.

I wrapped a towel around my waist and headed out. To say the guys were happy to see me was an understatement.

I dropped the towel and joined them in the warm water.

"What happened to your old lady suit?" Kyle asked.

I laughed and said, "You boys have been so good about keeping our secret that I wanted to do something nice for you."

All eyes were on me as I made myself comfortable. I made sure to prop myself up so my cleavage was visible above the water.

The sexual tension was so thick.

Finally Kyle says, "Shame you're not going full European style again."

I smiled and said, "You know Kyle, Europe has quite a few nude beaches where both men and women bare it all."

Eric and Kurt found that funny and gave Kyle a little bit of grief.

But, Kyle never broke my gaze.

Then, he lifted his swim trunks out of the water, cocked his eyebrow, and said, "Like this?"

He was naked.

Now my jaw was on the floor.

I couldn't see anything due to the bubbling water. But, just knowing that his cock had been freed took my breath away.

"Am I doing it right, Mademoiselle Durand?" he asked.

And then Eric lifted his trunks out of the water...followed by Kurt.

I turned several shades of red...but I did not hate it.

"Yes," I finally stammered. "It seems like you've got it right."

"Care to check my work?" Kyle countered.

How? By straddling his dick and sucking off both of his buddies? So many filthy thoughts ran through my head. And when I was able to think clearly, the one thing I knew for sure was that I had completely lost control of this situation.

So, I shimmied out of my tiny red thong and held it up.

"Am I doing it right?" was all I could get out.

They were stunned. It looked like I was winning again.

"Whew..." was how Kyle started. "Can I...uh...check your work?"

Without thinking, I smiled and tossed him my thong.

He caught it and just sat there staring at it. He finally said, "We are learning so much this trip."

And then before we knew it, two other students stopped over to say "Hello."

We freaked a little bit, but we kept our cool. We managed to make chit-chat all the while knowing our foursome was bottomless.

We all breathed a sigh of relief when they finally left. Kyle laughed and tossed me my thong. I put it back on as quickly as I could.

I stood back up and grabbed my towel. They were very disappointed.

Eric asked, "Aww...where are you going?"

I responded, "I need to get out of here before I get into some real trouble."

I dried myself, while looking around and making sure I was keeping my ass covered.

They followed me down the hall with Kurt asking, "So, what's our something special for being such good secret keepers?"

I...hadn't thought of that. "Isn't seeing this bikini enough?" I responded.

"Mm...we saw more than that before," Kyle reasoned.

"Oh...you guys want to see more?" I inquired.

They all nodded.

I had no idea what "more" could possibly be...but I wanted it to. So, I motioned for them to join me in my room.

They eagerly entered and closed the door behind them.

I said, "You guys were so good about keeping our secret. How can I thank you?"

They were stunned, it was obvious they had no idea what I had in mind...which makes sense because neither did I.

"I tell you what," I stammered. "Ask me to do something, and when you ask me to do something I don't want to do, I'll stop."

Kyle went first, "Turn around slowly."

I nodded, then slowly rotated, giving them a good look at my skimpy bikini.

Getting a little braver, Kurt said, "Squeeze your tits."

I looked down at my brazen cleavage and raised my hands up. I gently massaged them through the thin material.

Kurt continued, "Pinch your nipples for us."

Ooo...I liked that he said, "for us." I took my already hard nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and gave them a good squeeze. A tiny moan escaped my lips.

Next, Kyle said, "Why don't you show us that full European bikini again?"

I smiled, untied my top, and tossed it aside...revealing my bare tits to a room full of horny young guys.

I loved it. Here we were, back at the moment I had been fantasizing about for days. I was so turned on that I was practically shaking. And not knowing what was going to be requested next had my mind spinning.

"Turn around," Kyle requested.

I turned so my back was to the audience.

"Bend over for us, baby," he continued.

Wow...I like being called "baby" too. So, I continued to do as requested. I put my hands on my bed and bent over. I looked back at them over my shoulder.

"Mmm...smack that ass for us." Kyle asked.

I giggled a bit, then did as I was told. Cracking my hand against my ass.

"Take...take your bottoms off!" Eric blurted out.

A very annoyed Kurt and Kyle swatted at him, thinking he'd gone too far.

And it was in this moment, that a decision was made.

I stood and faced them with an incredulous look on my face. They were crestfallen.

Then, I chewed on my finger tip as if I was actually thinking about it.

Finally, I turned around and pulled the thong down to the floor.

Completely nude.

I turned around with my hands on my hips. I was greeted by three shocked faces.

I tilted my head as if to say, "What's next?"

Kyle didn't miss a beat. "Lick your fingers," he said.

And I did. I took my two fingers and licked them up and down.

"Slide them between your tits."

And I did. I slowly traced them from my lips, down between my cleavage.

"Down your stomach."

And I did. I continued to glide down the slight outline of my abs.

"Tease your clit for us."

And I did. Before I knew it I was sliding my fingers up and down my soaking pussy.

I was breathing so heavy, it felt so fucking good. Such a release.

"Lay down on the bed."

And I did. I laid down and vigorously fingered my pussy for my audience.

They gathered around, shocked, and if the bulges in their swimwear were to be trusted, very turned on.

I promised them "more."

I looked them each in the eye...rubbing my tits, pleasuring my clit.

Finally, Kyle had another request.

"Tell me to eat your pussy."

Once again he had left me stunned.

I paused, looked up at him and couldn't believe the words that escaped my lips.

"Eat my pussy."

And he did. He dropped to his knees and eagerly devoured me. I threw my head back in ecstasy as his tongue flicked across my clit.

I bit my lip to try to stop from moaning, but I wasn't being terribly successful. Every filthy fucking fantasy I had had about that night was now coming true.

After what seemed like no time, I bucked my hips in the throes of a thunderous orgasm. Trashing back and forth...gasping for breath.

When I was finally able to gather my senses, Eric was kneeling by my side. He lowered his swim trunks, revealing a nice, rock-hard cock.

"Tell me what to do..." was all I could get out.

"Stroke my cock," he said breathlessly.

I reached out and did just that. Wrapping my hand around his dick. I slowly pumped it up and down.

Kurt was quick to jump to my other side. He had a similar request.

I laid there, my hips bucking, stroking two impressive members, in total bliss.

"Tell us to rub your tits, Mademoiselle." Kurt asked.

"MMm...rub my fucking tits!" was my response.

They eagerly went to work squeezing my breasts, teasing my nipples. Each of them inching their dicks closer to my face.

I stared at Eric's cock as I furiously stroked it. Then I looked at him, caught his eye...then slid my tongue out and licked the head. He moaned in pleasure...his eyes begging for more.

I didn't even wait for the official request, I just slid his hard cock into my mouth.

I bobbed my head up and down...then stopped and looked at Kurt...lather, rinse, repeat.

Apparently this was too much for poor Kyle to stand. He stood up and removed his shorts, treating me to his full impressive frame. His long cock at full attention.

"Tell me to fuck you," was all he said. And it was all I need to hear.

"Fuck me." I responded.

He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled me up onto his lap. I gasped as the head of his cock rubbed against my wet pussy.

I lowered myself inch by inch until I was fully impaled on his magnificent dick.

He grabbed my ass and sucked my tits, all while thrusting deep into me. I was in heaven.

Eric and Kurt resumed their positions, with their cocks right in my face. I was happy to oblige.

And honestly, the rest was a blur. But, I do remember Eric was the first to go.

Shooting his hot load across my bare tits. He was followed shortly after by Kurt who did the same.

But Kyle? The troublemaker who started all of this? He seemed to never tire. An exhausted Eric and Kurt watched on as he bent me over the bed and fucked me from behind.

A second orgasm thundered through my body. I know I should be quiet, but I wasn't able to contain it.

And finally, as sweat and cum dripped off my body, Kyle withdrew his cock and launched streams of hot cum across my ass.

We both collapsed on the bed in a heap. Half gasping, half laughing. And from there, it was an awkward goodbye as we decided to call it a night.

And when it was all said it done it was pretty clear that while I had taught them a lesson or two, I had learned a lot more about myself.
