Hey, this is my story, so don't steal it! Repost elsewhere 
if you want, but leave it intact (including the email address
at the end).

Enjoy!

Kisses, quivering_flesh@yahoo.com
________________________________________________________

      "Bringing Amy Home to Meet Mom" (Ffm, incest, scat)


     Well, the secret between Mom and me is out, at least to
Amy. It happened last night.

     I've been seeing Amy for several months now. She's a
great girl, and so enthusiastic about scat. But I hadn't
told her the truth about how I got into it , because I was
afraid it would shock her too much. Yesterday, I finally
brought her home to meet Mom.
     
     We arrived at Mom's house about noon, and to my relief
the two of them hit it off right away. All three of us
talked up a storm over lunch, and then we went out together
for some shopping and a movie. I was so pleased to see how
they instantly connected in so many ways, almost like a
mother and daughter who hadn't seen each other for sometime.
     
     When we got back, Mom offered to just stay home and
have dinner by herself if we wanted to go out and spend some
time alone, but both of us protested that we were having too
much fun with her. We decided to all stay in and cook dinner
together. Mom and Amy cooked, and we had a great dinner, all
of which took hours and hours, though the time went by like
minutes. We drank a couple bottles of wine, and had a nice
buzz on.
     
     Then Mom said she'd go to bed and leave us kids alone.
We protested, but she wouldn't listen. She'd just pop into
the shower and then read for awhile in her room. The rest of
the house was ours she said, and she went in for her shower.
Both Amy and me wanted to fuck in front of the fireplace,
but she was nervous about Mom. I told her not to worry, Mom
would leave us alone and we could do anything we wanted --
even play with scat. Amy was skeptical, but she got into her
nightie and I put a robe on in preparation for our fun. We
lit a fire in the fireplace, turned out the lights and got
some cheese and more wine.
     
     Just as we were about to settle down for some delicious
filthy fucking, I heard Mom coming out of the bathroom. She
called out "good night" to us from around the corner, and
Amy called "good night" back, but I shouted for Mom to come
in and give us kisses goodnight.
     
     She came into the living room, wrapped in her thick
white terry cloth robe. I got a peck on the cheek and then
she gave Amy a hug and a kiss good night.
     
     "Mom," I said, "at least sit down and have one more
glass of wine with us before you go to bed!"
     
     She hesitated, but Amy grabbed her hand and pulled her
down on the floor with us. We poured her a glass of wine and
she stretched out in front of the fire. We talked, about the
day, the movie we'd seen, old love affairs -- whatever came
to our minds and hearts. Mom stretched out on her side in
front of the fire, supporting her head in one hand, elbow to
the floor, holding her wine glass in the other hand. We
drank and nibbled on cheese, feeling more and more relaxed
and free with each other.
     
     At one point, she shifted to get more comfortable, and
her robe fell open from her feet nearly to her crotch,
exposing her lovely firm thighs. Amy tried to avert her
eyes, but they kept returning to Mom's legs, and the barely
concealed triangle of fur that marked their culmination.
     
     Now, I said to myself, is the time to give Amy a hint
of the truth about my relationship with my Mother. I reached
out for Mom's robe, certain that Amy would assume I was
going to pull it closed around her out of modesty, but
instead let my hand fall on Mom's leg. I stroked her absent-
mindedly, which caused not the slightest interruption in
Mom's conversation. In fact, I thought I detected a slight
spreading of her legs, and so encouraged, by her or by my
own desires, caressed her leg further up, along her inner
thigh.
     
     My eyes met Amy's, and acknowledged the truth of the
suspicion that leaped into her mind. Her face told me she
couldn't believe what she was seeing, that it was too
impossible to be true, that she must be misunderstanding
what was happening. I squashed Amy's doubts but pushing
Mom's robe further apart, and openly petting my darling
mother's soft, dense, furry love box. Mom's breathing
deepened ever so slightly, and she spread her legs a bit
further apart and thrust her hips forward, undeniably
assisting me in my efforts.
     
     All this time, our conversation had continued, so
uninterrupted that a tape recording of it would have
revealed nothing of what was actually happening, would not
have captured the slightest evidence of any disturbance or
uneasiness between us.
     
     Mom and Amy looked at each, Mom's eyes revealing all,
pleading for Amy's understanding and acceptance, or at the
very least tolerance. Amy's eyes responding unmistakably,
with a surge of love and completely embracing the
relationship this woman had established with her son. It had
taken only a split second for Mom's eyes to pose this
question, and for Amy's to respond. No words were
necesssary.
     
     Mom put her wine glass down and extended an arm to Amy,
inviting her to come close. Amy leaned over and the two
women, my Mom and my girlfriend, kissed -- sweetly,
tenderly, longingly, passionately, their mouths
communicating the reality of what the eyes only hinted at.
They touched, tasted, then devoured each other, their mouths
and tongues and lips interpenetrating as no other organs
could.
     
     Finally, they broke their embrace. A little tipsy, Amy
got to her feet.
     
     "Be right back. Have to tinkle," she said.
     
     Mom took her hand, holding her back.
     
     "Don't go, you'll break the mood."
     
     "There'll be a mess on the floor if I don't," Amy
laughed.
     
     Mom tossed off the last of her wine and handed the
empty glass to Amy.
     
     "Use this."
     
     Amy looked at me, her eyes wide. I smiled "yes" to her.
A bit uncertain, she squatted in front of us and positioned
the wine glass between her legs, the rim just touching her
beautiful mound. Mom was transfixed. I felt a rush of
wetness over my fingers from Mom's pussy, and gently twisted
two fingers deeper into her. Amy concentrated on her
business, but as the pee started to trickle out into the
glass, confirming her aim, she looked up to see the pure
lust animating Mom's face and my fingers turning inside her
pussy. Amy's hand trembled. Amy's stream surged, and the
loud splash of swirling golden fluid mixed with the fire's
crackling. The nectar foamed, and the delightfully piquant
smell of ammonia wafted over us. My hand was soaked with
juices from Mom's pussy, and with a suppressed moan she
came, spasmodically clutching my fingers inside her.
     
     Amy's stream trickled to a stop, and she squeezed the
last few drops out with her fingers. Amy looked for an out-
of-the-way spot to set the glass down, but Mom intervened.
     
     "Don't I get my glass back?" she said.
     
     "Oh, I'm sorry, Mrs. --"
     
     "Now, I thought we'd agreed. My name is Gloria -- or if
you like, you can call me Mom. After that kiss, I feel as
close to you as a daughter."
     
     Amy handed Mom the glass.
     
     "Thank you -- Mom."
     
     Mom brought the glass to her nose and inhaled deeply.
The effervescent pee sparkled in the fire light, reflections
from the glass and urine dancing over my mother's face. She
took a sip, her red lips dipping into the steaming fresh
brew. Her eyes closed, savoring the flavor. She rolled a
mouthful around on her tongue, then swallowed.
     
     "Oh my," she said softly, "wonderful, just wonderful.
The first taste tells so much, don't you think?"
     
     I reached for the glass. The aroma of Amy's pee, which
I knew so well already, filled my nose. I took a sip, and a
bouquet of new flavors emerged, set off by the fire, Mom's
presence and the feelings circulating between us. I passed
the glass to Amy. She raised it to us in salute, then
sipped. We passed the glass around until it was drained.
     
     The warmth of the fire, the soothing wine, and Amy's
salute encouraged us to shed our few garments and indulge
ourselves in a round of petting, caressing and kissing. We
snuggled closer, the better to reach each other, and
explored.
     
     To give Amy a special treat, Mom and I fell into each
other's embrace, and hugged and caressed and kissed in ways
that few mothers and sons have the privilege to enjoy. We
were at our most tender with each other, and also our
fiercest, stroking and touching and intertwining limbs and
hands and mouths and tongues. Amy sat back at this moment,
leaving the two of us to pour out our passion for each
other, witnessing the love that was possible when two people
of the same flesh acknowledged and released the desire that
was born the moment the one gave birth to the other. Mom and
I restrained ourselves from the ultimate consummation,
however, in unspoken mutual agreement, reserving that for
later, after our main objective of the evening had been
accomplished.
     
     Mom and Amy were playing with my cock, sucking it and
sharing my balls -- and each other's wet mouths and tongues,
when I began to caress Mom's back and buttocks. Leaving off
my cock, she curled her body around and pushed her ass up
against me hand in encouragement. I petted her lovely round
bottom, kneaded the two cheeks, ran my hand between them and
pulled them apart. Mom responded, pulling her knees under
her, thrusting her ass up into the air, toward the warming
fire.
     
     Amy joined me, admiring my Mom's bottom, caressing her
butt cheeks, her thighs, and fondling her swollen pussy,
staring back at us, wet and open and luscious. The site of
that sloppy open passage, the one through which I'd come
into the world, always sent my cock throbbing with hot
desire. I'd doggy fucked Mom many times over the years, but
the sight of her rounded ass and slim waist below me urged
me to mount her yet again, but I held off, our objective
literally within smelling distance.
     
     I slipped a pillow to Mom for her head, and she lowered
her shoulders to the floor, presenting us with the most cock-
/ cunt-warming view imaginable. Amy and I positioned
ourselves on opposite sides of her ass. Together, we pulled
Mom's ass cheeks apart and gazed at her lovely dark, deep
hole. It has long ago lost its smooth girlish pinkness -- a
smooth pink I remember from boyhood -- and now was
permanently crinkled and stained a deep lovely brown. Mom
complained about this, but I always assured her it made her
hole even lovelier to my eyes.
     
     Amy bent her head and kissed that delicious bum-hole.
Mom shivered as the warm wetness of Amy's mouth and tongue
made contact with her flesh. Amy licked, showing me her
tongue sliding up and down in Mom's crack, from pussy to
nearly the small of her back. I stroke Amy's back as she
licked Mom, down around Amy's own ass, fingering her hole
and then her pussy. Amy pressed her tongue into Mom's hole,
twisting it in, thrusting it in and out. Mom moaned in
pleasure at Amy's expert rimming. My girl friend came up for
air, and I immediately put my mouth to her, sucking and
licking the taste of my own mother's hole from her mouth.
     
     Then it was my turn. I breathed lightly on Mom's anus
to announce my presence, then a rapid series of light kisses
all around it. Next, very light flicks of the tongue,
teasing her hole in a way that years of experience told me
would drive her wild. Amy could see we were long time lovers
of each other's bodies. Then, I tasted deeply, pressing my
tongue hard against that brown crinkled hole of dark desire,
flecks of bitterness bursting on my tongue and dissolving
with the promise of more to come. I reached in with my
tongue, felt her hole relax, pulled her hips tightly to me,
and dove into her rectal chamber. Something stirred inside,
just out of reach, her turn to tease me now. I sucked to
pull it forward, but she held it back, giggling at her
trick. I uncorked my tongue from her ass, and Amy went for
my mouth, her turn now to suck Mom's dirt-taste from my
mouth. After a minute, I pulled away and whispered to Amy:
"Finger her love."
     
     She wet a finger in her mouth and then slipped it into
Mom's ass. Mom groaned as Amy twisted her finger in deep.
     
     "Find anything?" I asked.
     
     "Yes!" she breathed back at me, looking up. She twisted
her finger inside Mom, then carefully pulled out. A soft
dark brown gob of excrement clung to the tip. She was going
to pop it into her mouth quickly, so Mom wouldn't see, but I
grabbed her hand to stop her.
     
     "Mom," I called gently, "look at this." I pulled Amy's
hand around so Mom could see it as she looked back. Amy
resisted, thinking how ashamed she would feel when my Mom
expressed shock and disgust.
     
     But instead, Mom smiled a lovely lustful shit-eating
grin and licked her lips.
     
     "Give it to her baby," I said to Amy. Amy extended her
hand and Mom turned around, took it in her own and pulled
the dirty finger into her mouth. The secret was out -- Mom
was a shit-eater just like her son.
     
     Mom gazed right into Amy's eyes as she sucked on her
finger. Amy was a bit shell-shocked I think, taken
completely by surprise by the turn of events. Finally Mom
gave Amy her finger back.
     
     "Mom, I hope there's more where that came from," I said
to her. Mom looked at Amy to gauge her reaction, then nodded
her head.
     
     "It's OK, Mom," I said. She put her head back down on
the pillow, and tightened her muscles. I stroked Mom's ass
again, drawing Amy's attention to Mom's anus.
     
     Both of us gazed at the puckering ring, gaping open
then squeezing tight again. Amy's breathing deepened until
she was almost gasping. I stroked her, reassured her that
what was happening was real. Mom strained, then took a
breath and pushed. A grunt escaped her lips. Her hole gaped
open, and the tip of a turd appeared briefly before
disappearing again.
     
     And that's the moment the Madness descended on us. Mom
and I called it "the Scat Madness" or just "the Madness" for
short. You cross the line, the point of no return, and mad,
perverted, unstoppable, unimaginably perverted lust has you
in it's grip. The Madness is so exhilarating, so all-
consuming, so transporting, you're propelled forward into
acts and pleasures that, once the Madness has passed, seem
completely depraved and repulsive. The Madness is a rare
drug, but a powerful one. Once you've experienced the
Madness and the heights -- or rather depths -- to which it
brings you, every other experience, whether religious,
pharmacological, or physical can compare.
     
     At the sight of my mother, bent over, ass in the air,
her anus oozing this thick luscious mass of excrement into
the faces of her son and his girlfriend, the Madness
descended, circulating in a heartbeat between the three of
us, sweeping us away together to fuck knew where.
     
     "We saw it, Mom," I said, "keep pushing."
     
     "What did you see, baby," she whispered back to me.
     
     "Your turd, Mom, a lovely firm turd for me and Amy."
     
     "Ohhhhhhh," escaped from Amy's lips.
     
     Mom pushed again, and a lovely glistening ball pushed
up into her hole.
     
     "Do you want me to lick it?" I asked Amy. She nodded
yes.
     
     I leaned down, my tongue out and touched the protruding
brown cap. I ran my tongue over it, tasting the velvety
smooth coating, feeling the thickening layer building up on
my tongue. Mom held it in place as long as she could, then
relaxed, and the turd disappeared again into her bowels.
     
     I showed Amy my tongue and she sucked it.
     
     "Your turn next lover," I said to her.
     
     Mom pushed again, a long sustained push, and the turd
reappeared, thick and firm, flowering out of her dark hole.
She held it in place, protruding several inches out of her
anus. Amy leaned down and avidly licked at the dark brown
mass, glistening in the firelight. Mom pushed a bit more.
Amy, her mouth wide open, dove down engulfing the thick
pillar of excrement.
     
     "Amy's sucking your turd, Mom," I said. "She's sucking
it just like she sucks my shitty cock after I ass fuck her."
     
     "Oh yes, suck it Amy, taste my shit in your mouth
darling," Mom gasped.
     
     Amy pulled up, her teeth dragging along the chocolate
cylinder, cutting grooves in it as the shit curled into her
mouth. Amy's lips were thick with filth, her lips dripping
with shit liquefying in her mouth. She was in heaven,
savoring the heavy, rich, spice excreted by Mom's bowels.
She rubbed her fingers on her lips, smearing the shit over
them, pushing it into her mouth.
     
     Mom looked back, on fire at the site of this beautiful
young girl's lips and face smeared with her own feces, at
the sight of Amy licking her lips with so much obvious
pleasure and perverted lust. Mom pulled Amy to her, to her
mouth, and they locked lips, licking and sucking each other,
sharing the depraved joy of tasting and eating and sharing
shit.
     
     I couldn't restrain myself any longer. I leaned down
and put my own mouth to Mom's excrement. While Mom and Amy
cleaned their mouths out with each other's tongues, I
smoothed out the grooves in Mom's massive turd.
     
     "Oh," Mom whispered, "I can't hold it any longer. It's
coming out."
     
     Thinking fast, Amy reached for the cheese plate. I
pushed Mom's bottom down and Amy held the plate under Mom's
hole.
     
     "This way we can all share it," Amy said, grinning. Mom
looked back, smiling in return.
     
     Mom pushed. The thick log, stretching Mom's hole to the
point where she groaned in discomfort, inched out. Amy
pressed the edge of the plate to Mom's buttocks, to catch
the turd and support it. The log slid out onto the plate,
like a dark steaming glacier, picking up slices of cheese as
it went. Finally, with a groan from Mom, the end of the turd
emerged and the whole turd plopped onto the plate.
     
     Mom's hole gasped open, pulsated and throbbed, and
slowly, ever so slowly began to close. Her anus was ringed
with shit that curled off the turd as Mom pushed it out. As
Amy put the plate down, I inserted my finger into Mom's
hole. It was still so wide open I could put my finger all
the way in without touching the inside of her sphincter. I
put my mouth to her hole, inserted my tongue, and waited as
her muscle contracted, closing around my tongue. Playfully,
Mom squeezed her bottom, gripping my tongue, then expelling
it. I quickly attacked back, wildly licking at her asshole,
polishing it clean with my tongue.
     
     Mom sat up, stretched like a cat, and broke into a big
grin. Amy and I joined her, showing off our dark brown lips
and the bits of shit stuck between our teeth.
     
     Now it was time to relax and gather ourselves. We sat
in a tight circle in front of the fire, the plate on the
floor at the center of our ring. I opened another bottle of
wine -- a fortissimo Barolo to match the spicy richness of
Mom's excrement -- and refilled everyone's glass. We cut
thick slices from Mom's steaming log, placed them on
crackers with a slice of cheese and fed each other. Each
morsel was followed by a kiss, more often than not a tongue
slipping into the other's mouth, chasing after the foul
canap.
     
     We actually said very little, certainly not the high-
spirited chattering of before, but simply luxuriated in each
other's presence. A touch or caress here, a look there, and
much kissing. Amy and I made many appreciative comments
about Mom's dropping. The smells of our filthy play filled
the room -- and our nostrils as we munched. The fire burned
lower, and I tossed another log on to the grate.
     
     We talked about our experiences. Amy told us how she'd
gotten into scat play, and Mom told her about us. Amy was a
bit shocked at how young I'd been when Mom started scat play
with me, but seeing that Mom and me were obviously so close
and loving put her mind at ease.
     
     Finally, the plate was clean. We swished the last of
the wine around in our mouths to clean them.
     
     "How are you two doing?" Mom asked. "Tired? Feeling
queasy at all?"
     
     We shook our heads.
     
     "You should be the one to be tired, not us!" Amy said.
     
     "I'm not that old!" Mom laughed. "I'd like to play some
more, if you two are up to it."
     
     We both smiled and reached for a kiss.
     
     "Now, who's next? Who can't wait another minute?" Mom
asked.
     
     Amy and I looked at each other. We both raised our
hands at the same time, and everyone burst out laughing.
     
     "I have to pee," I said.
     
     "I have to poop," Amy said.
     
     "OK, OK," Mom said, shaking her head. "I'd better
resolve this before we get into real trouble!"
     
     Amy and I immediately agreed to abide completely by
Mom's decision. After a moment's thought, Mom ruled that
peeing was a more urgent matter than pooping, so I got the
nod. But, Mom said, as not to inconvenience Amy any longer
than necessary -- or delay our pleasure in Amy's excrement -
- we'd do it in a way that quickly disposed of the issue.
     
     With that Mom instructed me to stand in front of the
fire. She and Amy kneeled in front of me, cheek to cheek,
mouths open under my cock. The sight of the two lovely women
on their knees in front of my cock, waiting eagerly for its
nectar, made my me stiffen, but I quelled the raging beast
so as not to frustrate their desire. I relaxed my bladder,
and a steaming yellow stream jumped from my cock into Amy's
gaping mouth. Mom hugged her, and watched as Amy's mouth
filled to nearly overflowing.
     
     With a flick of the wrist I redirected the heavy stream
to Mom's thirsty mouth. Mom looked up at me, our eyes met as
my hot salty urine splashed against the back of her throat.
In all the years of pleasuring each other this way, more
than I could remember, given my age when she first tasted my
piss, we had never shared our perverted love with another
human being. Both us felt the specialness of the moment, and
sang silent prayers of gratitude that we had found Amy.
Mom's mouth filled, overflowed, spilling golden pee down her
chin, and with a flick I was back filling Amy's mouth.
     
     Each got two full mouthfuls before my stream sputtered
and weakened. I sent the final ounces splashing over the two
upturned faces. After I'd shaken loose the last drops, Mom
and Amy licked each other's faces clean like two cats.
     
     And now it was Amy's turn. Mom laughed, and playfully
pushed Amy by the shoulders, toppling her over onto her
back. I joined in, grabbing Amy's ankles and pulling her
legs back, exposing my young girlfriend's nether regions to
the firelight.
     
     With a cry of glee, Mom dove down between the girl's
legs, kissing and licking and sucking both orifices with
wild abandon. She was an animal let loose, the way she
attacked Amy's openings with her mouth and tongue and
fingers.
     
     "Shit for me baby, shit in your mom's mouth baby," Mom
demanded. I pulled Amy's legs further back and further
apart, fully exposing her glorious asshole to view. Amy's
own eyes filled with wild light. She pushed. Her hole
opened.
     
     "I'm shittinggggggggggggg," Amy cried out. Mom dropped
down, her face inches from Amy's hole. A round short turd
quickly came into view, briefly paused, then popped out of
Amy's hole. Mom caught it in her hand. She cradled it, then,
holding it so all could see the mottled brown and orange,
she gave it a fierce hungry lick.
     
     "Yessssssssssss," moaned Amy. Mom placed the turd on
Amy's belly for safekeeping, then resumed her post at Amy's
hole. Another turd, a dark orange shot through with streaks
of black, emerged and fell into Mom's waiting hands. She
lifted her cupped hands to my face, and I licked it as
fiercely as Mom had tasted hers.
     
     Amy shat three more turds into Mom's hands. After a
baptismal lick and on each one, Mom placed it on Amy's belly
until there were five smoking slimy turds on her.
     
     "Vaughn, Mom, I want to get so fucking nasty. I want to
do the dirtiest, filthiest, most disgusting thing we can
do."
     
     The Madness had us in its grip. We were it's willing
slaves and would do anything.
     
     "Yes baby, tell me! Anything!" Mom cried.
     
     Amy pulled Mom toward and whispered in her ear.
     
     "Fuck," Mom gasped. "You filthy pig! Yes!"
     
     "What, what?" I cried.
     
     The looks of glee and perversion on the two women's
faces was amazing to behold.
     
     Mom grabbed some pillows and positioned them on the
floor. She got down on her back, supported by the pillows,
her legs spread to capture the leaping fire light. Her pussy
gaped open with lust, dripped with the juices of desire.
     
     Amy took up the role of master of ceremonies. She
pointed to one of the turds resting on her belly -- the
smallest one -- and instructed me to pick it up. I did.
     
     "Kiss it," she commanded. I did.
     
     "Now get between your mother's legs." I did.
     
     "Mom, spread your pussy lips with yoru fingers. Spread
your pussy open as far as it will go." She did -- and their
evil scheme became apparent. My cock surged.
     
     "Vaughn, take my turd, and insert it into your mother's
cunt." I held the softening stinking mass to the glistening
pink of Mom's vagina."
     
     "Don't rub her with it, just push it inside her. Deep
as you can."
     
     I held four fingers of my hand tightly together so none
of the shit would escape and pressed against the ball of
filth from Amy's ass. Mom pulled her pussy lips further
apart and pushed, opening her vaginal opening to the
maximum. Three pairs of depraved eyes gazed at the sight of
the turd disappearing into Mom's pussy, with only a few
streaks of brown and orange against her pink flesh to tell
the tale.
     
     "How does it feel, Mom?" Amy asked.
     
     "Heavy. Warm. Nasty." Mom nearly swooned. "More."
     
     Amy pointed to the next turd. This one was completely
orange, perhaps the firmest one, about four inches long. I
picked it up, kissed it, my eyes meeting Mom's, and brought
it to her pussy.
     
     "What are you doing baby?" she asked me.
     
     "I'm filling your cunt with Amy's shit, Mom."
     
     "The cunt where you were born, Vaughn."
     
     Yes, Mom. Filling your birth canal with Amy's
excrement."
     
     I fed the turd into Mom's pussy. Amy fingered herself
madly at the sight.
     
     "Pack it in tight!" Amy commanded, barely able to
breath.
     
     I pressed my fingers in, pushing the turd in deep,
stuffing her like a Christmas turkey with steaming, thick
poop. A third turd disappeared into her.
     
     "Ohhhhh, its up to my womb baby," Mom moaned as I
pushed the growing pile deeper into her. Amy handed me
another turd and took the last one for her self. She leaned
down and pressed her turd to Mom's cunt. This one squished
and oozed through her fingers, and she had to chase after
the loose pieces to get it all into her. One more -- the
largest one. I held it to Mom's cunt, barely visible through
a thick coating of shit, and pressed it in with the palm of
my hand.
     
     "Oh my god!" Mom groaned. "Stuff it in me, fill my cunt
and womb with shit darling!"
     
     Amy and I chased after the loose gobs of shit and
pushed them inside. Mom's pussy was so packed with shit now,
anytime we pressed on one side, shit oozed out the other.
     
     "I feel it, I feel it, I feel it," Mom moaned. "It's so
hot, so heavy, burning up my cunt."
     
     My cock was about to explode. It took everything I had
to keep from spurting all over Amy and Mom with a fountain
of cum. But they were not done yet.
     
     Amy directed me forward to where I was kneeling between
Mom's legs. Amy pushed a pillow under Mom's ass, raising her
shit-swollen cunt. Mom took hold of my cock, and pulled me
toward her -- toward her cunt, already oozing with shit
melting from the heat of her body.
     
     "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck my new shit hole baby!" Mom
cried.
     
     With a cry of "mother!" I thrust forward, driving my
throbbing cock deep into the shit in her pussy, burying
myself up to her womb in thick excrement. Shit spurted out
around my cock, over my balls, spattering on her ass and
mine. Our eyes met, our lips locked together and with
another thrust into her I exploded, a wrenching orgasm
spurting hot filial sperm again and again into my mother's
body packed with Amy's shit. Mom shuddered, came, her
convulsions expelling half the filthy mess out and over our
bodies. Mom and I clutched each other in wild, perverted
lust, sobbing in each other's arms, covering each other in
hot desperate kisses, devouring each other. We held each
other, rocked in each others arms, her cunt clutching my
cock, pulling me further and further inside her. Through the
fog of the Madness, I heard Amy scream as she came, ramming
her fist up into her own cunt.
     
     I passed out in my mother's arms.


___________________________________________________


You are free to repost this story, but only in it's
entirety, including author's email address

COPYRIGHT 2002 QUIVERING_FLESH@YAHOO.COM
