The Pub Game 
(A Dawn story)

We settled into a pattern over the next few weeks. Every Friday our 
housemate, Paul, would go away and Alex and I would spend the night watching 
pornography, masturbating and making love. During the day on Saturday I 
would wear skimpy clothes, or less, around the house, or we might drive off 
somewhere for me to be a little more public with my exhibitionism. I had to 
make sure we didn't go into town as I didn't want to meet anyone I knew from 
university. And on Saturday night we would go next door and have a meal with 
Alfred and Gladys. I would wear some sexy outfit from the box she had given 
me. We would spend the first part of the evening often just talking about 
this, the way it revealed my body and so on. Later on we would talk about 
more general things and I would forget that I was there on display. They 
became quite close friends. I told them a couple of my stories from my 
summer vacation, which made Gladys laugh and Alfred shake his head in mock 
dismay. I was quite happy, in its own way it resembled a conventional 
set-up.

It was one such Saturday when I first met Vic. I was wearing a loose 
see-through blouse that I had unbuttoned all the way to the bottom button. 
When I bent over to give Alfred some tea he had a clear view of my naked 
breasts and his hand trembled as he took a biscuit. I was also wearing a 
very short, flared skirt with no knickers so when I gave a drink to Alex, 
Alfred got a good view of my naked bum too. This was all part of the silent 
agreement we had. I would flash and exhibit myself to them and they wouldn't 
touch me, although Gladys in particular liked to discuss it. "Ooh, I really 
like the way your boobs push out in that," she would say, or, "make sure 
Alfred gets a good eyeful when you give him this."

She was busy making dinner and I was sitting next to Alfred, so he had a 
good side view of my breasts as the blouse opened out. This was actually the 
first time I had worn something that gave them a clear view of my breasts, 
so I was quite exhilarated. There was a knock at the door. I covered myself 
up, but before anyone could move a tall, skinny man was in the lounge, 
having opened the door himself. He was slightly younger than Alfred, but 
still in his fifties. He had ferrety features and deep-set eyes. He didn't 
look at all trustworthy.

"Hello!" he called as he came swaggering into the room. Then he saw me and 
stopped. His immediate attention was taken by my legs which stretched out 
before me and which the microskirt hid almost nothing of. Then he noticed my 
top and how much of it was undone and the flesh on view. He then leered at 
me knowingly. I felt a bit repulsed by him.
"And who might you be?" he asked patronisingly.
Gladys had come out of the kitchen. She was flustered, "oh, err, this is 
Dawn and Alex. They're students. From next door. Popped in to say hello."
I could see she was embarrassed and also worried about what he might say to 
all their friends.

"Aye, aye," he winked at Alfred. "You didn't mention her Alfred. No wonder 
you've had a smile on your face down the club. Pleased to meet you Dawn, I'm 
Vic." He offered me his hand, which I shook reluctantly. He ignored Alex 
completely, but that didn't seem to bother Alex. He seemed to be quite 
enjoying everyone else's awkwardness and was grinning happily.
"I just popped around to see if you were coming down the club later. But I 
guess not. Busy I suppose," he said eyeing me up and down. I wanted to run 
out, but I couldn't give him the satisfaction of squirming, so I sat still, 
trying to be relaxed.

Just then a woman entered. She didn't say anything, but looked at me and her 
eyes widened momentarily. She then disappeared behind Vic.
"Come on love, Alfred and Gladys are entertaining their young guests 
tonight." Everything he said seemed to have lewd connotations.
"I'll see you out," Gladys said. "We'll see you on Tuesday."
We all stood and followed her out. In the crowded hallway, as Gladys was 
saying goodbye to Vic's wife, I felt a hand go up my skirt. I turned my head 
to Alfred, startled, before I realised Vic had managed to get behind me and 
was now mauling my bum, while his wife was talking to Gladys no more than 
three feet away. I stiffened as his hand groped my naked bottom, and then 
slid quickly between my legs to just touch my pussy. I clamped my legs 
together hard and he tugged his hand away.
"Nice meeting you," he said, as they left.

Back inside the lounge I told everyone what had happened. Alex, being the 
little pervert he is, thought it was great and I could see he was excited by 
the thought of me being touched up while surrounded by everyone. I must 
admit I half shared his excitement, while also feeling somewhat degraded.
"Oh, he is a one alright," Gladys said. "Always after the ladies he is. When 
I was a bit younger he used to come onto me all the time. You might not 
believe it now but I used to be a bit of a looker." She preened her permed, 
bleached hair at this point. "And I had a figure as well. Not quite as good 
as yours Dawn, but the fellas used to be after me."
"I bet they did Gladys. How did that make you feel Alfred?"
"Oh, aye, they were always after her. Especially that Vic. I didn't mind 
though. I trusted her. It's nice to have a lady that other men admire - 
isn't that so Alex?"
"Oh yes. Did you wear stuff like Dawn then Gladys?"
This elicited one of her trademark cackles, "ooh no love. I would have been 
arrested if I'd worn stuff like that back then. I wouldn't have minded 
though, think of all the attention I could have had eh?"
"Would you have liked it Albert?"
"Aye, would have been fun like."
"Well it's never too late," I teased her.
"I don't think anyone wants to see my saggy boobs, love. They reach down to 
my waist now. No, showing yourself off is a young person's game. You enjoy 
it while you can, all too soon you'll be covering yourself up, not exposing  yourself."
"So, that Vic is a bit of lady chaser is he? I can't imagine he gets much 
success."
"I don't know," Albert said, lighting one of his roll-up cigarettes. "It's 
all about trying. If you keep on asking you'll get lucky occasionally. I 
remember a few years back, at Ruby's wedding. There was this young barmaid 
there, about your age. Pretty she was. He was all over her, pestering her 
all night. She kept giving him the brush off and we all thought he had no 
chance. Late in the evening I went out the back for a breath of fresh air, 
and I heard this zipping sound. I ducked down behind a car and I could see 
them at the back of the car park. She was on her knees, sucking his, you 
know, knob. Then he pulled her top off. She had luscious tits all big and 
white in the moonlight. He lifted up her skirt and shagged her from behind 
over some bins. I could see his bony bum going in and out and she was 
gripping the bins, crying with pleasure. So you see, you never can tell."
This was the most I had ever heard Alfred say. Gladys looked a bit shocked. 
"You never told me that Alfred," she said, stony-faced.
He blushed, "well, I weren't proud of having spied on them like. I felt kind 
of grubby afterwards."
I patted his knee, "don't feel grubby Alfred. If they were doing it there I 
can tell you they wanted to be seen. I wouldn't mind betting they knew you 
were there."
"My God, do you think so? I never thought of that. Oh, dear." He looked 
ashamed.
Gladys took pity on him, "don't worry love. I would have done the same. You 
should have told me. It's a good story, isn't it you two?"
"Oh yes," Alex said. "I want to hear more about this girl's tits."
"Alex! Do you think about nothing else?" I scolded him. The others laughed.
We passed the rest of the evening pleasantly, and when we went to leave 
Alfred gave my bum a light pat.
